LOCAL AND .GENcERAL. 1800. A HIArrr NEW. I?EAL To all of us! ,BsE GonaEG GREY contemplates visiting Sydney shortly. DIlRTHERIA haes brok-n out at E?thurst, Sofala, and Cowra. HOaGMANAY was observed last night with the usual solemnities. STANLES Y sailed from Zanzibar for England, via Egypt, on Monday. PRIZES won at the Toronto regatta will be paid over on Haturday next. . MANY of the rockets soot up at midnight were remarkably fine and brilliant. WATol.-NIanT services were conducted as usual last night in many of the churches. 'lHE wife of Captain O'dhe'x is said to be ,a sister of Major- Gencral Sir Evelyn Wood, V.C. AR?CDEACON DRUITT, of Cooma, las re-. siened his position after thirty.-flive years' service. Mi\n. STANLEY has sold the copyright of his history of the present expedition for .410,000. A DIAMIOND of 100 cartats has been found at Jagerslfontein, South Africa. It is valued at £10,000. THE total real estate and property sales reported in Sydney for 1889 amount to £1,250,000. TITE supposed Stawell (Vie.) ghost proves to be a young child who has a strong gift of ventriloquism. T'is body of a.man found drowned at Manly Beach has been identified as that of George Cooper. DBsRING 1889 there have been altogether 1101 petitions for sequestration. The in crease on 1888 is 265. CANON SAUMAREZ SMITH, the bishop elect of Sydney, is to ass:st at the funeral of the late Robert Browning. THE mineral exports from Broken Hill last week were as follow : 1760 tons of bullion and ore, valued at £38,292. THE Civil Service Inquiry Commission is engaged in dealing with thoe telegraph branch of the Post oflice Department. Two French missionaries "have been mur dered by the Sultan of Amphilla, a small African stato near the Red Sea. A TARtmER living in the Wellington dise. district drew two horses in the £25,000 sweep on the Carrington Stakes. SIR SAMUEL GRIuFITII had an interview with Sir Henry Parkes on kfonday, when the Federation question as discussed. T'he tender of William Southon for £59 15s has been accepted for repairs and improve- ments to the Hexham Public School. MONDAY was a holiday in South Australia in commemoration of the fifty-third anni versary of the foundation of the colony. THE Moari toast " Kehora " was a comr mon one last night, owing to the number of New. Zealanders at present in Newcastle. THE Customs dues of the Cape Colony for the year ended 30th November show'an in. crease of £24,000 over the previous year. THE creation of the Imperial Persian Bank has caused anxiety in Russia, as it expected it will give England an increased influence in Persia. Tas shipping trade between England and South Africa is increasing. On an average about one steamer per day leaves Britain for the South African colonies. OWING to the unavoidable absence of the Premier, the Cabinet meeting, which was called for 2.30 yesterday, has been postponed until Thursday next at 4 p.m. THE second intercolonial baseball match, at Broken Hi'l between representatives from New South Wales and South Australia re -sulted inr a win for the former. THE Wickham Council have decided to apply to the Government to place a sum of money on the estimates sufficient to complete the unfinished portions of Maitland-road. THE Mayor of Wickham promised, at last night's .council meeting, to -interview the Railway Commissioners with regard to the closing of the railway gates to Newtown. AT the Wickham Council meeting last night the tender of Mr. J. B. Hudson, offering .6 per cent. for the Council's un. allotted debentures for £1000 was accepted. Fon the twelve months ending yesterday, the total Customs collecions at the part of Sydney amounted to £1,895,018 5s Sd, being an increase of £386,287 is 2d on that of the previous year. THE band.contest last evening was a great success, fully 2000 persons attending. It will be continued from 12 o'clock till 4,p.m. to.day, and from 8 o'clock until 11 this evening. AT the inquest on the woman Kate Fitz simmons, burnt to death at Broken Hill on Sunday, the jury found that the deceased was accidentally burnt to death whilst under the influence of liquor. U- till two o'clo:k this morning there had been no arrests for drunkenness or disorderly conduct reported at the city lock-up. This speaks well for the sobriety of Newcastle, or the scarcity of coin of the realm. . WE acknowledge, with pleasure, the beau tiful card sent us by Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co.'s companionship. To these and all other friends we return thanks for their kind wishes, and wish them a very happy new year. MAsY of the principal business establish mente in Newcastle will be closed to-day and to- morrow, thus giving hard-working shop assistants tie benefit of two days' holiday--a boon which will, no doubt, be much ap preciated. THE Executive Couucil has approved of. the appointment of thebo Rev. Win. Fenton, ,Tames as a trustee of the Church of England portion of the cemetery at Stockton, in the' p!ace of the Rev. C. A. 8. Minton-Senhouse. MR. I. I. PennoTT, police magistrate, who was thrown from his horse last week, while riding to Waratalh, was very fortunate in not being seriously injured. The accident has not in any way deterred him from attend., ing to his duties. Mn. DXvaI CHRIs.TIE MURRAY, on the way to the antipodes,' heard much of "Mar. yellous Melbourne." ,. After taking a square look at Melbourne, Mr. Murray arrived at the conclusion that it,is only a "sort of rectangular Liverpool." AT the Tamworthl Police Court yesterday morning, Doctor Nicholas Faust was charged Sby the police that hle oad disperse a certain printed paper on whilch the name and place of abode of the person printing the same was not printed. The case was not proved. ON Monday the Parramatia district regis. trar registered the deaths of seven men, in mates of tlhe B'novolent Asylum. The oldest was aged 109 years, and tihe youngest 74\. The aggregate ages of the seven amounted to 586 years, an average of 83 5.7 years. • ExseWHRsre will be found the advertise. ment of Messre. L. Wilkinson and G. Alcoak, whlio have entered into partnership. Mr. Wilkinson lhasbeen long and favourably known to the Newcastle public as a firse.class surveyor, steady and iailastaking, and Mr. G. Alcock, having just passed his examination with lying colours, will, without doubt, soon prove hinumself worthy of public confidence. We wish them both esecess. AT the conclusion of the Carrington Council meeting lost evening, the Mayor (Alderman Matheson) invited the aldermeh present to a supper. Thotoasts of the oeven* ing were " The M'ayor and Mayoress," theb Mayor being highly complimented on the active part he had taken in munlicipal affairs during the pstyear; Seoveral other toasts were proposed and hlonoured, songs .uere raeldered during the intervals, and ai enjoyable cven. ing was spent to oomnmomorato the closiog of the old year, 