LOCAL NEW* ~ All tbe airangements for the interest ing balloon Bsoent from the Show Grounds tblB afternoon are now o»m plete, -iud uuless tbe weatber 1b very un propitlous Miss Gladys VaD Tassell will take her wonderful fllgbt in the air to tbo height of about a mile, and then duaoeml by the aid of a parachute. Owing to the novelty of the exhibition everything con nected with it will no doubt be Interest ing. therefore the gates will be opened at 2.30 p.m. to give people an opportunity, of inspecting the balloon and other para phernalia, and watehlog the preparatory arrangements. At 3 o'clock the inflation of tbe balloon will begin, and at 4 o'clock tbe balloon will be let go with its courageous burden. After parting compauy with the balloon In mid-air, Mlas Van Tassel will endeavor, if the wind is not too strong, to guide the para chute back to the Show grouuds and land there. Tbe whole performance is thoroughly genuine, daring and highly interesting, and worthy of proper pat ronage, which can only be given by pass ing through tbe gateB. In addition to tbls, the two sisters will appear at tbe Albert Hall rink to-night, and give one of their splendid performances on the trapeze. Thb Australian Eleven yesterday com menced a match againBt Cambridge University eleven, a very strong team last season, tbe captain of which is S. M. J. WoodB, the once crackSydney bowler. With decent wealber tbe match ougbtto be a close and interesting one. Of the eight matches played eo far, five were won by tbe Australians and three by tbe Englishmen, the victory in every case httB been most decisive, either by one innings or a large number of wiokets and runs. Tbe ideal game is where one side wins by but a few runs, as in that great 1882 match versus All England when our boys won by 7 runs. It Ib to be hoped tbat for the sake of good and exciting sport the games will partake more or thiB character before tbe tour is much older. The Town Hall was Bimply packed last night to bear Professer Mason lecture on ' Heads and Faces.' The lecture was long and interesting, and Illuminated by frequent points of humor that convulsed the andience. He wound up biB address by operating on tbe heads of two gentle men from the audience, and made great capital out of tbelr various bumps. The evening concluded with a screaming farce, entitled 'A Ghost in a Pawn Shop,' which sent the audience away highly amuBed. The Hospital funds will materially benefit by the Professor's generous efforts, as tbe total proceeds are handed over. The Eight-hour Demonstration Com mittee held a meeting last nigbt, when it was decided tbut a picnic should be held within tbe town boundaries ou tbe 27tb June. In connection with the picnic there will probably be a trades procession on a large soale through the streets of the town. There will also be a social gathering in some public hail in tbe evening. The mBin streets of the town have, through the rain, become in such a deplorable condition tbat the Council are now having done what should have been attended to before, and tbat is scraping tbe slush and mud from the streets, and carting it away. Thb steam launch recently built by Messrs. Tooth & Co., .and which we be lieve has been named tbe Fltzroy, will make a trip down to the river heads this morning with her regular crew, prior to going to Brisbane. She will return to town about noon. The sculling race between George Bubear, tbeEuglisb rower, aud Browu of tbe Clarence River, takes place on tbe Paramatta River this afternoon. On the last occasion Brown actually won, but the race was given to Bubear on a foul. A meeting of members of the P. and j A. Society and tbe farmers of the dis trict will be held this afternoon to make arrangements for a visit of Mr. Watsou, tbe ham and bacon curing expert, to this district. Several showers fell yeslerday, but tbe weather on tbe wbole was finer than it has been for some days past, and iaBt nigbt there were indications tbat the weutbertoday would shew still further improvement. The last difficulty In connection with the Burrum miner'sdispute has now been removed, the Queensland Colliery Com pany having sent a satisfactory reply to the letter from the District Council of the Australian Labot Federation. Nominations of candidates to fill the vacancy on the Kilkivan Divisional Board, through the resignation of John Hunter, will be received by the Return ing Officer, till 4 p.m. on the 18th Inst. A poll iB now beiDg taken by poBt in tbe Granville Division on tbe two sites for the proposed bridge across tbe Mary River. The poll will close at 4 p.m. on tbe 17th June. A select dance took place id tbe Al bert Hall rink last night, but owing to tbe prevailing slush aud mud outside the attendance waB net large. There was no business at tbe Police Court yesterday morning. Tub old-time popular impression that i tbe place of eternal punishment was lo cated somewhere in tbe region of tbe earth's centre would appear to receive a kind of support from tbe result of the boring operations at Lansell's 180 mine Sandhurst, Victoria. In tbe 2000ft, level of tbe mine a bore was being put down ? and, on Tuesday last, when it had at tained the depth of 463ft. from tbe level, or 3053ft. from the surface, up burst a stream of hot water at tbe rate of 2000 gallons an hour, and having a pressure of 1101b to tbe square inch. The tempera ture of tbe water was 97 degrees. Of course, the holebad tobe quickly plugged or very speedily the luiue would have been flooded. Tbe fires tliat heat Ibis body ol'subteraueau water must he pretty considerable, but tbe hot water suggests 1 thut the puuisbment for the damned may be a boiling instead of a roasting process ; or probably, a boiling as well as a burning lake Is provided tuafiord scope I for the due administration or eternal tor ture ; or perhaps tbe unfortunate con demned Is permitted a choice, as he may prefer the scalding or the flame, Any way, tbat a bol water lake Is below Sand burst Is now proved beyond the shadow of a shade ol don tit. 