The Adbertiser FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1890. After the quickly-ended excitement of the no-confidence debate Parliament is getting to work again, in the hope that something may yet be saved out of the SALS wreck of the session. Both Houses were employed yesterday on measures dealing with the public lands. In the Ooonctl the debate on the second reading of the Land BUI was purposely out short, and when the measure was taken Into com mittee rapid progress was made. On. the Council returning the President reported that 22 clauses bad been considered, and some *' technical amendments" made. Begging Sir Henry Ayem'a pardon, the amendments In many cases are not " technical," but radical alterations of the intentions of the Bill as received from the Assembly. Offing to the Imperfect manner In which those Intentions have been expressed the duty has devolved on theOommlsslonerof Grown Lands of proposing a variety of amendments which may perhaps ba re garded as simply formal. When all the verbal changes the draughtsman apparently considers necessary are effected the BUI will stlU ba a tllpshod and unsatisfactory piece of legislation. Bab though the Council is assisting Mr. Copley in his efforts to knock the BUI into something like Intel ligible shape hon. gentlemen are by no means content to stop at that. Qaestlons that were fought ont In the Assembly are being renewed in the CoancU, and oppo site conclusions arrived at which are cer tain to provoke conflict between the two Bouses, and may prove fatal to the pass ing of the measure. The first amendment carried by Mr. Bcott yesterday reverses a decision of the Lower House. One of .the conditions on which all pastoral leases were to be Issued in the future was, under the Pill, that no lessee should overstock his land in such a way as to Injure its canning capacity daring the last five years of the term. This provision was nn sncceetfoUy attacked in the As> ■embly. It was proposed by Mr. Hawker to apply the overstocking condition only to the last year of the term, bnt the House declined to weaken a safeguard against the danger of a pastoral tenant destroying the feed upon his run before the lease expires. The case of the Paratoo ran, in which hun dreds of square miles of country were rendered worthless by overstocking dozing the last few years of the term, was beld up by the Premier as an awful example; and the clause was allowed to pass. The Council has, how ever, altered "five years" to "two ycara," and it remains to be seen whether the change will be accepted. A doubt may be entertained as to whether the House wUI agree to the amendment carried on the motion of Mr. Warren, the object of which Is that ex penditure on Improvements shall propor. tionately to the amount expended dis charge the lessee from the covenant in reference to stocking. When the Bill was introduced It contained a provision to this effect, and Mr. Bartletb attempted bnt failed to secure Its excision. The Government, however, subsequently came to the conolnslon that he was right, *nd at their f"?ty"« the subsection wasetruck oat, the reason given being that, according to the Surveyor-General, this method of releasing a squatter from the' obligation to stock his run works un fairly. The House yesterday took oat a similar provision from the Northern Territory Land BUI, so that the question may possibly become a bone of contention between the two Homes as regards both measures. One of the mo 4 material of the Coun cil's amendments is a provision. Inserted on the motion of Mr. Scott, modifying the policy ot the BUI with regard to the non-liability of the Government to pay for Improvements on pastoral lands that may be leased in the future. Under the Bill the term of a lease In Class 111. is In creased from 35 to 42 years, the last mentioned period being divided into three periods of 14 yean each for the purpose of revaluing or revising the rents. The Council does not consider this sufficiently liberal as an Inducement to take up the outside country, seeing that there Is to be no payment for Im provements either by the Government or the Incoming tenant when a lease expires. Me. Scott'o amendment la an addition to clause 7 providing that a new lessee shall be entitled to an extension of tenure at the rate of two years for every pound per equaremtte expended on Improvements, the rent payable being the same as that fixed by the last valuation, and the extension not to exceed 21 years. 1 his would give a lessee In Class lIL a lease for 63 years In return for an expenditure of £10 10a. par eqnare mile. The principle la the same as 'hat embodied in the amendment of Mr. Horn, which was rejected by the Assem bjy. It la an attempt to meat the objection that a longer tenure, accom patiitd by provision for revaluation every tonrteen years at the opdon of the Oom miefiloner, la not a fair equivalent foe the right withdrawn from the lessee to recover from some one the value of his im provements. The BUI as it passed the Assembly certainly does not ere on the side of liberality, bull the amendment made by the CouucU, Itke that submitted by Mr. Horn, will ba opposed on the ground that it ties up th« laiid for too long a period, and requires far too email an expenditure from the Itetee in return for the right to renewal. The CouncU also objects, and in this Instance at any rate it has reason on Its aide, to the provisions with regard to re valaatton and revision of rente. Theas, It may be observed In passing, do nob apply to the leases for am extended term tot exceeding 42 yean that may be fanned In exchange for leases now carrying the sight to payment for Improvements; but have reference only to lands In Class 111. Every revaluation Is to be made and the new rent fixed by the Surveyor-General, and should the lessee be dissatisfied with the result he has the magnlnoent privilege of appealing to the Commissioner, who may either Increase or reduce the rent co fixed, his decision being final. The Council would - have none of this. Fliat, It carried an amendment of Mr. Scott taking away the power of the Commissioner to Increase aa well as reduce the rent fixed by the Surveyor- Geoeral on appeal from that officer's decision, and in the eeoond place it aub- Btltoted for the words making the Com missioner's decision final, a provision that he "shall give his decision not less than twelve months before the end of the current period." The significance of this amendment la not apparent unless It la read with n farther amendment proposed by Mr. Baker on which the Council has yet to vote, bat which will probably be carried. Mr. Baker'a proposal la that In the event of a lessee being dissatisfied with the Com mlssiouer'a decision he may have the question In dispute settled by resort to arbitration. The amendment has much too wide a acope, aa arbitration may be claimed when the lessee and the Commla aloner are at variance regarding "any matter connected with the terms of his lease," bnt the principle ao far as It affects tha revision of rents Is per fectly fair. Aa the Bill stands the 42 years' lease Is a mere sham. The term la really oDly 14 yean, Inasmuch as the Commissioner virtually possesses the power to periodically raise the rent. The position Is not affected by the fact that this power Is nominally vested in the | Surveyor-General, from whom there is a : right of appeal to the Commissioner. Unless tbe Bill la altered, either aa the Council proposes or In some other way, it will be less liberal than the present law. The Northern Territory Land BUI In the Assembly la undergoing an experience somewhat similar to that of the Land Bill In the Council. Yesterday the House ran. through the measure In a very few hours, and made aad havoc of the work of the other Chamber. The pastoral provisions were modified with a view of harmonising them as far as possible with the principles adopted la the BIU relating to South Aus tralia proper. It was decided that the term for new leases should be 42 years I Instead of 35. The BUI aa received from the Council provided that the rent for the first 21 years should be not less than 6d. per equare mile, and be fixed by valuation for the remainder of the term. Ac amended *•■*?<> measure provides that the tent shall be Cd. for the first period of i seven years, la. for the second, and 2s. for the third, the rent for the remaining 21 years to be fixed by valuation. The dame allowing expenditure on improve ments to discharge the lessee fromthestock ing covenant was struck out. The provision requiring improvements to be paid for by the Incoming to the outgoing tenant when a new lease Is issued was also excised, and a clause was Inserted relieving the Government of all liability for Improve ments except In case of resumption. Orltoe more the House has declined to give lessees under the existing Act the right to surrender and obtain new leases on the terms which the BUI applies to leates to be granted In the future. On this rock the Bill came to grief last year, and It la possible that the same difficulty may wreck it again. The measure la much required In order to stimulate the develop* ment of the agricultural resources of the Territory. It adopts the principle of selection before survey, and It contains provisions which will enable tropical agri culturists to obtain blocks of laud at a total cost of 2a. 6d. an acre after five years' occupation and cultivation. It Is to be hoped that any differences whtoh may arise between the two Houses will Dot prove Incapable of adjustment, and that the Territory will at last receive the boon of a liberal land law, for which It has patiently waited for many years. The Speaker (the Hoc Jenkiu Ooles) enter tamed the members ol the Astembly at dinoer is Parliament Home on Thursday evening Among those present, in addition to gentlemen ol the popular Chamber* were bis Exoelienoy the Earl of Kintore and finite, his Honor tbe Ohief Justice, Mr. Justice Bnndey, Sir Henry Ajtis (President «f the Legislative Council), and tbe Hod. Win. Copley, M li.O. (Ooa> mfcuoner of Grown Landb). The catering was eioellently carried out by Mr, Hues, Today about 40 members of Parlia ment will visit MiUbrook tor (he pur pose of inspecting the site of the pro posed water sobeme in that looality, Toe party will leave Parliament House at 10 o'clock in drags, and on arrival at MiUbrook tbey will partake o! luncheon, alter which the inspection will be made, and the members will return in tbe evening. In tbe Oounoil on Thursday the Commis sioner ol Orown Lands stated that instead of asking members to sit late on Tnesday evenings he wished them to stay till 6.30 p.m. on oidinary days of sitting, and if necessary on Fridays as well. The Council then diisaased the Land Bill, which was taken into committee and considerably amended. It was decided to instruct the Surveyor General to report where Crown lands suitable for additional forest reserves are situated. Yesterday afternoon the members of the Assembly gave the Attorney General permis sion to introduce a Bill to provide for the pay ment of unclaimed auiton' money into tbe general revenue. Thedebate on the second read ing of the Queensland Border Kail ways Bill waa resumed and farther adjourned. The Northern Territory Orown Lands Bill was again dealt with in committee, numerous amendments being made and a number of new clauses in- Hated. Part V., dealing with leases of agricultural lands, waa aback oat. In dame 110, whioh provides that no Asiatic alien cbaU be entitled to acquire the fee simple of any land, an attempt was made to inatada leases, and it was pointed ont that a perpetual j leaee waa equivalent to the fee-simple. The j Minister of Education and other members, although opposed to Chinese being tbe owners of the coil, were not prepared to prevent their cultivating tbe land on abort leases, and even tually an amendment was inserted limiting the term of the leaie to ten years. At half- past 6 tbe committee returned and the House adjourned to enable members to attend tbe Speaker's annual dinner.. Although Sir John Downet'e notion of want of confidence was defeated on Wednesday it was manifest very early on Thursday after noon that tbe Government had by no mews pot tid of their troubles, and before tbey are allowed to enjoy "the pleasures of recess" it i? certain tbat tbey will have many uneasy bouts. When the Commissioner of Poblio Woiks moved for leave to introduce tbe Happy Valley Water Scheme BUI the very unusual course was adopted of objecting to the motion on the ground that there was not the least obanee of the measure becoming law this aes eion, A number of members took part in the discussion, and by some it km asserted that the Minister did not intend to go on with the work, and that the Bill was only brought for* ward as ? recognition of tbe support of the members for Noarlunga, in whose district the rite if. Tbe Treasurer repudiated then alle gation!, and contended that for the auooessfof can?ing on of the city drainage scheme mi increased water supply wat neoeuary or eUa tbesewsge system would become • "death bap." Eventually the motion was earned, the Bill wai read a fint time, and tbe ■esaad reading fixed for Tuesday next. In the Assembly on Thanday afternoon the Treasurer stated that next week he would ask members to Bit on Friday, and on Hie follow week they would be expected to meet every day to relieve the notiae-paper, which hai swollen to extraordinary dimensions, and con tains no leu than 16 Bills. Many of then an authorising public works, and a? the Estimates have not yet been passed and other under takings will be inolnded in the Loan Bill there ii novhance of the aeaoon terminating befora Christmas unless many of the measures an slaughtered and toe rate of progression with tbe remainder v greatly in excess of what it bas been in the past. The Oommiationer of Pablic Works hid tbe plans and partioolan of the Happy Valley water scheme on the table of the Assembly on Thursday. Tbe plan ehom tbe proposed reservation of bod in Naarluuga, Happy Valley, Clarendon, K«"tp"i M^ri™^ a^al^^ Shoreham, Dover, New Darlington, St. Mary** St. Mary's West, Charleston, Hammersmith, Edwardstotni, Glendore,and Ooodsrood West. A return laid before Parliament gives tha quantities of water used on tbe railway lisa bom Islington to Bamley Bridge for Govern ment purposes for tbe last three years as follows;—lslington, 23,162,000 gallons; Dry Greek, 646.000; Garter. 11,373,000; Bosa wortby, 11,268,000; Bamley, 15,963,000, Total, 62,411,000 gallons, Tbe future annual oo?eamptioOiii estimated as under :—lslington. 10.82U000 gallons; Dry Creek, 369,000? Gawler, 4,789.000; Rose worthy, 4,695,000; Hamley, 6,651,000. Total, 27.176.000 gallon*. Toe Bailmty Oommudonen hare received from the Silverton Tramway Company payment of tbe charges made for carriage up to the end of September on tbe rates specified under the three yean' agreement between the two partial bow in existence. The question of farther oegotisticns between the Railway Commis eioners, tbe Barrier mimpg companies, Mid the Silverton Tramway Company to form anew agreement regarding the trafiPo rates is ndt likely to come before Parliament this session, but will probably be brought up by the Govern ment next j ear. Mr. W. A. Horn, M.P.« intends in tb* course of a few weeks to leave South Australia on a visit to England. As regards religious education Bishop Kennion, in a pastoral letter published in the Stview. says:—fit is increasingly evident that whatever is accomplished will have to bs in entire independence of the work done in the Statesohools. Even if tbe simplest and most rudimentary religious education were given in these, we should not be relieved of the duty of endeavoring to establishing Church of ttngUffft schools wherever it is possible; for the whoia principle of our aduoation differs from that adopted, or even proposed by some to bs adopted, in the state schools. At the most what is thus proposed is, that some installa tion be given in religions knowledge in addi tion Ito the ordinary curriculum, whereas Ma root principle oi the education wa desire Jta impart is that tbe children have been mads God's children, and are therefore to be taught to do His business; that they have been redeemed, and ;that therefore their lives are •acred, to be trainedlfor all good purposes: and that they ate being sanctified by the Half Ghost (the souroe of all knowledge), and that all good desires and capabilities are to ba fostered and developed by sound education* based opou the law of doty to God and to man," At the meetings both of the Marine Bosrd andj the local corporation on Thursday afternoon there were plentiful expressions of disapproval concerning the proposed site ol the morgue at Port Adelaide. The Port Cor poration favored tbe site originally suggested by them, namely, the old powder ™. g .rf niv which is situated across Fisher-bridge on tha north side of the New Sock. A building in that position would be easy of aooess, far from all habitations, and dose to the scene most frequently visited by accidents. It would also he near the railway station and to an botsL Toe Port Adelaide health offioer (Dr. Curtis} has reported thus:—"With regard to tbe Post morgue I would respectfully call attention to the answer given to Mr. Bopkias by the Chief Secretary, that the morgue will be commenced at once, on tbe aide of the Port River adjaoent to Fletcher's Dock. If this intention is earned out it will place the morgue at along dis tance from the part of toe town where most of the fatal accidents oooor, and it necessarily ,will be most inconvenient to aQ parties oonoerned." The Semaphore Corpora tion recently condemned tbe site, and requested the Port Corporation to support their notion, and on Thursday, on the motion of Councillor Reid, it was resolved that a joint petition ba presented to the Government to abandon the proposed site at Glanville. At tbe meeting of the Marine Board the harbormaster protested against the proposed site at Glanville, as it would be close to bis dwelling, and Warden Muecke suggested that the Government might buy tbe harbormaster's r""d?ncfl and nee it for that purpose. The protest was upheld by the board and will be forwarded to ths Treasurer. Mr. Purser, a large Ke* Santa Wake fraii* > grower who is now visiting this colony, gavfl evidence on Thursday morning before the com* xmttee appointed to consider tbe question of bonuses on fruit growing regarding the borti* cultural and vitiooltural industries; He con siders Oat the Government should euoonrag t the industry by granting bonuses for the proper cultivation and cla?aifioation of fruits, pma* being offered for example for tbe bast orchard or crop. He recommends the appointment cf two inspectors, one to deal with vine culture, and the other with fruit-growing; Co visit orchards and give advice upon the place for planting, the classes of fruit to be used, tha treatment of diseases and other matters. Amongst other things he would give a bonus for taking fruit to a foreign market, nod. far ths best packed set of BO oases of fruit arriving in England during June, July, wi August. His opinions generally ace in tbe direction of the liberal treatment ol oicharairta. The many friends of the late Mr. B. G. Moore will regret the news of bis early demise, Mr. Moore, who was the eldest son ol the late Dr. Moon, was educated at St. Peter's College* and whHrt a student there diatingoisned bim telf by securing all the honors available. From St. Peter's be proceeded to Trinity College, Cambridge, going through the usual routine and emerging with a B.A, degree, He than entered himself as a student at the Middle Temple, and finally became a barrister at law, retaining to Adelaide to prac tise. He beoame known as one of the most re lable junior counsel available in big oases* oil knowledge of law being of • very thorough deicription, and bis opinion bains constantly sought by tbe leaden of toe bar on lomplioated questions. Mr, Moore bas left his same engraved on the statutes of the etlonr as tbe draftsman of some most important enactments, whilst tbe rales of the Supreme Court were drawn up by him under tbe personal supervision of the jadges. As a bibliotheque Mr. Moore's knowledge was pro bably unequalled in tbe colony, and be loaves behind him a library of invaluable books. At the time of his death, wbioh occurred en Thursday afternoon, he was a member ol tbe firm of Messrs. Moore ft Tomkjnsen, having previously been associated with tbe late Mr. F. O. Bruce. Before proeeedine; with tbe business of tha Port Adelaide Corporation on Thursday after noon Councillor Bod offered his congratula tions to Mr. C. Tucker on his election to tna mayoral chair. He hoped that bis worship would find pleasure in presiding over tha cor poration, wbioh bad been noted for its bar morions and smooth work for years past. He felt sure that those oonnoQlon who bad voted for bis opponent would put all feelings of. antagonism aside and loyally support the chair. I! bu wonhip was as aaeoewtul v major m in the office of oonnofllor he na rare tbat the affaire ot the town would be thoroughly well looked after. Councillor Morrii also con gratulated Mi. Taeket. He felt sure that the work of the corporation would be oondncted in a satisfactory manner, and he hoped that Bit. Tucker1! term would be pleasant and sucoees ful. Councillor* Barge, Wright, and Widdop alio spoke, after whioh the mayor auored the council that be would endeavor to act fairly and impartially, and would conduct the bud new of the corporation in such, a manner that at the end of the term both the councillors and himself would be perfectly satisfied. The liquidator! of the Commercial Bank of South Australia have drawn 43 cbequea for payment to day of interest to that number of creditors who during the past week hare accepted the terms offered by the committee acting for the contributories. Buota cheques represent claims amounting to £11,200 Is. 7d,, original debts due by the bank. This pay ment, with those of November SI and Novem ber 28, represents ISS cheques for debts amounting to £73.160 Us. lid., while the settlements made since the appointment of the committee affect debts to the amount of £604,108. The replies now in hand and those received prior to next Tuesday will be eon- Bidered and cheques paid on Friday, December U, on which date the committee will begin the preparation of a list of outstanding creditors for the purpose of teeking the direction of the Supreme Court. The Fort Adelaide Non-unionist liibor Bureau, which still remains open, was the rob Jeet of a special discussion at the local corpora tion meeting on Thursday afternoon, when a motion wat tabled that the health officer be instructed to enquire into the sanitary con dition of the building. The moves said rumors of uneleanliness were so persistent that they oould not be overlooked. When the building was first set apart for the use of the bureau the health of?oer visited it, and recommended cer tain precautions for the safety of the men and the public generally. The building is two storied, well lighted, spacious, and airy. The lower floor is used for culinary purposes and as • sitting and living chamber, while the upper room provides sleeping aeeoasmodation. Each man has a trestle bed, which he has to keep dean himself, but there are men employed to Bweep the floors and to clean up generally. Z.The SUrer Age understands that a dispute has arisen between the manager of the Broken TTiii Proprietary Company and the Amal gamated Society of Engineers, due to laborers having been put on to do mechanics' work. Negotiations are now proceeding with a view to bringing about a settlement, and there is evety reason to believe they will be suc cessful. Preparations for altering and repairing the railway line running through St. Viuosnt street, Port Adelaide, to the Semaphore, are being proceeded with, and the work will pro bably be eommeneed at an early date. At the meeting of the Port Corporation, held on {Thursday, this letter was reoeived from the Engineer-in-Chief:—"l have received and am obliged for the signed tracing for the ne« rail way works in St. Vincent street, Fort Ade laide, agreed to by your council. I note that you hare given permission to place the existing rails temporarily .on one aide of the street while the work it in progress, and I also note that fou ask for any materials whioh may be ovex from the excavation when the work is finished, and I beg to state that there can be no objection to you having these materials on con dition that yon will take the responsibility of removing the same. Will yon allow me to ex press my indebtedness to your council for the handsome manner in which they have met this department." The council consented to accept the required obligation. The Bey. A. 6. Rawstorae, M.A.—who wai for some yean private chaplain to Bishop Kennion in Adelaide, but who is now engaged in the diocese of Manchester, in which see his father is one of the archdeacons—has sent a cheque for £50 to the building committee of fit Peters Cathedral. Adelaide. The Custom* returns of the Northern Terri tory far the September quarter place the total imports for that period at £36,418, of whioh £1,565 came from the United Kingdom, £24.611 from British pouessions, and £242 from foreign countries. The exports during the three months amount to £63.011, of whioh £69,915 was staple*, and £2.096 foreign goods. By far the greater portion, £61,866. went to British rjocseuions, New South Wales being the best customer, while £93 worth went to the United Kingdom, and £53 to other countries. The amwnt reoeived by the Collector of Customs was £7.122. The shipping returns for the same term show that 21 vessels of 31,839 tons, oarry. ing 1,016 men and 126 passengers, arrived at Port Darwin, and SO of 30,360 tos?, carrying 571 men and 303 passengers left that place. Messrs. 3. G. Ramsay & Go. on Thursday, De cember 4, reoeived the following telegram from their Melbourne agents:—"ln theMarohiaon field trial the Buckeye was first, defeating Haasey (3) and Mercer; and again in tha farmers' class the Buckeye was first, defeating Maasey and Hornby." On Thurtdey afternoon the new mayor (Mr. W. H. Cox) and Councillors Window and Lucas wen sworn in at the Town U?U, Gawkr, the remaining councillor (Mr. H. J. Taylor) having been sworn in some days previously. Inconsequence of the election of Councillor Cox to the mayoralty an extra ordinary election for councillor for Eait ward will have to be held. A meeting of ratepayers of Brompton ward was held on Tuesday evening at the Exeelaior Hotel, Brompton Farkj to form arigUanoe committee to assist the councillors in promoting the interests of the ward. Then was a good attendance and Mr. F. Drnee was voted to the chair. Mr. Horn and several others painted out the work that could be done for the good of the ward if a vigilance committee were formed. Mr. Blnmson proposed and Mr. Millar seconded—"That a vigilance committee be {armed to meet once a month." Tha motion was carried, Mr. J, Horn being elected presi dent, Mr P. Drnee vise-president, and Mr. 8. Harris bom secretary, "Ihe Wanderings of a Simple Child" is the title of a small work from the hand of Mr. Alfred Hales, better known by his norn de plume of "Smiler." Mr. Hales was among She first to arrive on the Barrier silver field, and in the first part of this bpok he details in an musing style his varied experiences in the early days of the field; while part the second contains several of his contributions to toe Barrier Miner daring the Utter portion of his •ojcurn in Broken BQL Allowing for certain exaggerations of expression and tbe t Sects of a lively imagination, these " Wanderings of a Simple Child" give a fairly accurate picture of the dare-devil doing* srfaioh sue oharacteriitie of the first days of a mining tettlement—and, for the matter of that, of several of the after days, too. "Smiler" has evidently modelled his literary style on that of toe American humorists; but he .designates these sketches of life in tbe back «onntiy as "written for Australians, by an Australian," and the work gives every evi dence of an almost ferocious patriotism. Tha Author all tbe way through takes every opportunity to have a passing slap at the imported element, which naturally forms a large proportion of the bumtnity whioh gather on a new n*«n'T?g rash. Although not rising in ■Byway to the dignity of a history, this work is a readable record of life in the back blocks, and several of the best known identities of the Barrier an sketched with a fidelity which those who nave been blessed - or otherwise—with their acquaintance, can honestly vouch tor. For instance, who that has lived in Broken Hill is not familiar with Apple Jack ? Who did not know the un fortunate Tom Lonp, the Rambler ? And so on through all the loog list of quaint sobriquets. The drinking habits of Broken Hill, the domestic discomforts of life in that settlement, the swindling that is carried on there by pseudo-mining experts, share dabblers, brokers' toutt, et hoc gcnui omnc, are all well described, white tooro me •bo accounts of fights, fire, football, funerals, sod othar cgoate incidents. Mr. Hales is a democrat of the most pronounced type, and says that, like Oarlyle, two men he honors and no third—firstly, tbe genius, in whatever lire; secondly, the honest manual worker. He bitterly denounces the aristocrat, and puuu contempt unstinted upon the sham gentleman. Occasionally be touches upon subjects which arc generally avoided in polite conversation, but Mr. Hales holds in utter derision the dictates of politeness when they do not coincide with hit views of his duty as a faithful chronicler. Oa the whole we have no doubt that this little book, which is neat in form and nicely printed, and is published br M«<n. Gibbs. Bhallard. & Go., Sydney, win not fail to achieve popularity among the masses. Oil Tuesday aftemcen a very sad case of sudden death occurred to a man named John Dnggon. aged 86, native of New Brunswick. IS'ova Scotia, and an ex-fireman, who had engaged as a laborer oa Monday at HaHnu stein's tannery. Hopkins-street, Footseray. {the Melbourne Heraldot Decembers writes :— Duggon, some few minutes before bis death, ap peared in a normal condition of health and did not complain. He went to the tap for a drink, and on turning sound to return to his post fell on bis back and threw bis bands up. Those about him thought at first be was in a fit, but Constable Dillon, who was in the vicinity, considered the matter mush more serious, and Dr. T. O. Anderson was sent for, who on arrival pronounced life to be quite extinct. As deceased lodged in Farrar-street, South Melbourne, the body was taken to the morgue, and later on a post-mortem was made by Dr. Ander son, the result of whioh showed that death was entirely dne to natural causes, arising from rupture of an aneurism of the aorta. The whole arch of the aorta was diseased and ftoeuiismaL The rett of the organs were specially healthy, and the doctor believes that bad not deceased been a slave to hard work he would have lived to a ripe old age under ordi nary circumstances. Deceased had only been in the colony about a month, having arrived here as fireman in a steam vessel that had brought a cargo ol coals from Japan, On Saturday, November 29, a representative meeting was held at Yabmana for the purpose of procuring wire netting from the Govern ment and other necessary requirements. Mr. A. Tnrnbnll presided, and the following reso lution was carried with but one dissentient:— " That in the opinion of this meeting the rate pa; era should obtain wire netting through the council as set forth in the Act." Messrs. Wake, McKenzie, Forbes, and others in their speeches referred to the good it had done in other parts, and considered it extremely neees eary for tbe preservation of vegetation. The mail service was discussed at considerable length and with some heat, and unoompli n>entary remarks were made concerning Messrs. J. Moule and W. A. Horn, members for the district Votes of thanks wen passed to Mrssrs. Jacobs and McKenzie for tbeir recent interview with the Minister of Education, at whioh they wen promised a weekly steamer to the harbor. The question of the removal of the council chamber was brought befon the meet in favor of its ereotion in the centre of the district a meeting for that purpose will be held shortly. A meeting of the general committee to pro vide Christmas cheer for the poor children will be held in the mayor's parlor this afternoon. 