THE MAIDEN OF WINDORF. A STORY OFVIENNA AND THE WIENER. WALD, OF THE TIME OF THE EMPEROR JOSEPH IL -..-o- BY- SYLVAKUS COBB, JR. (Continued from our lost.) OHAPTE XIII. A Tau0Emoe. Thereoa had ceaoed weeping, and bad gone to the pianofert-nor poch, in.trotb, the in atrnment wna-when 'Oetaeia made her ap p"araneo, with the an.dno iement that she would oundoit'the 'lad to her chamber whenever .he ase ready to go. "ThiOinig w ld be your desire", ahe 1ty had een glhnd aobed leor yn r maid put dp in yearsoueeds r 'Toe. .nareehiopep 'thanked her Cor bee thfor ful .iNut oiadvent the name tie nienn-' iuhatk aanserkhi'n doo e right. was upothee aroe ad followed' the hundekeapernont into tie rrat hall.otenme up a broad and mng nideet etairawayto' a norreepooding hell aione. Bejond thie their'eannaolay thretgh a broae. windig panssage in the walls' oa whioh were alcoves and niches, ornamented witeh eatues, .hate and beautiful. of marble, of aichneter. and at porphyry.'some of them aholding lighted lamps in' ther outTetcbed handes. The ifeet was pleasing, even to the hneere l the capoiee maiden. adearleove of all that wees b amtiet in nature or it art, she could noi ebat her herrt to bch beanty as ibis! The paassge terminated in a epaeoes ci. eolar hallwith ae vanltd dome abose.weuiohr an Thcrea o veta gllae tpward Iarrarn to be e.ie'"ev hef srain1 el.]'. e llI'' sereral dore, eone ao whieh-the central ne -the guida opened, leading the way. into a email reception-room, vary neatly and pret tily furonihed. Thin Oactavias roed, thbrow. ing open a door beyond, thu givinag entrance into an apartment so beauhtnul in its appoint meets and oranmentation that the mar. ehioness oould not repres the note oa admi ration that sprang po.lip. Upon a ma aivs bureau oa ebony. inlaid with geld, and silver, and mother.otpearl, stood a large tamp in a globe of stained glasse, the light o which threw a surpasing radiance open the sme.e On one idehwas a deep, broad arch, at the entrance of which thememiitet drapery wan looped bark, revealing beyond a large and richnly sbabited bed. A the toet a t. where wan plenty at ream, a smaller bed bad been made up, pretty mnoth and inviting enough to satisfy the most teetidione. " Dear lady,"%said Otiavlit, when opportu nity had been given far looking around, " his loardship, yean ee, deiree to make yaou om Eontoble.. Nat to many would hehave given these apartments." Thereoa started, and a strange tremor shook her frame. The woman'e look and tone plainly told thai there was, te her at least, something scrad in the atmosphere on that bandaom room. There ween upon the aged face an epreeshion l awn, of reverence -almost of worship-an her eyeereeted upen the eloquent arrouondiagn. The lady did not epeak, but waited, feelinog ontident that more was to comne. And she was' not dine-s appointed. "AhI darker, tibnightant dark the day when she, for awhm thin c chbr was or. nicehed, fled fromit.e c o" "Tor speak o t the Lady .eoCotance 2" said the marchionena, in a low, sympathetic tone. " TYes. Ahl youa ae kne her. She was very esantilul."' "And very anunortnate," TherIesa added. "Tee. nhea wa most wiekedlyitraduced." Theresa moved orwaard and iud a hand upon the houoneeeper' arm. Octavia. do you know awho was the hief other traducers?" ' " What do you mean 2" the wnman cried, witha frighiened'look, and with 'a qeiver that shoob her from head to Coot. "Tot' know very well what I mean. I orb yoe,-Could you lay yeor fleger upon the person who ruined heryoung life and drove her forth tram her home, to die'among etrau gere?" i'low. wuiliso mry' broke fman the old housekeepere lips as she started back. away Cram the girl's hand, an though it bore' her. "01 nol no elo Ilfynuearo tolirve-i ycuueare to eec the bright eunshine of another day-beware I Never whisper again oe that i I ks.ow onhing. Weanoea of ua knaw." Toe It !'atoed look had beeome qaite a terror, and oe. s.ihoo like an aepen. "Daa rwoman-good Ootavia," whispered the mareoiunene, , with a kindly, 'anerine leek, "what can yon or I have to fear? Who tote knew oa what we speak? Con rod Arneelathas heated'one poor woman to the death 1-will yon help him to bill another?' "Have mercyl Olhavemercyl"groaned the aniferieg matron, putting eat her hauo'e as thongh she would keepher tormentor at a diatanrM. "Tnu know not uwat yousay. Tnuseeverywallshaveears. ILtellyou-once a poor servant dared te whisper what you would whisper. and-O'lauk no merel" 'Botthat sereant, Ottavia? What became of her?" "It wan a man-servant." "Well -whatbecama t bhim?" "He-Adiedl ',Died in a night-stricben down hy a hoar Cram an aneron hand I" " Doar Ostaria, you have told me mere than yott,thougbtto tell.. Yoe tell me that Conrad. Asnafeldl, 'beoanse a servant " NoJfnl.no l . I never mentioned his "Xanilat.mea,spea It. I ..The inaa who now neliteto gain we into hist dndiah puwas is tba man whekilled pane Lady oan cel Ay. ynknaitwit. AndI tell you, Octaeia Wontt: it you gio help to that man againes 'm ths spirit at Lady Conaetnce shall oprise bnefre you andecall ynoto acooout. Iknoew it. Idaretosweacitl" The woman gazed upoe the eoeaker in speoehless wondor and amaze. ~Her knees. shoek heneath her and her tooth chattered. Once she cast a frightened glance around the room, as thoogh (petting the ghost oe the dead duobacs to appear. "Octavint" .the indy added, alter a eon. elderable panes. epotbing soally and plteantlly. "let on nay on more ot this ni 'Aud never anymorel 0, noverl novoel" g'aepd the old nervant, brembiag in spee ie'r. 'Ieball hat premise. HetI willprmise' yne tlis:. I will do aething that tan being grietor crotli o Cu o.' 'Let that give yue relief. And nare, te mp reen: bar. Oira, you trill allow me toash a qemike teocnohh my-n adOt. Di yen knowP anything 'ot the dote~ tsas withi d tod mytmfntre? Am Its Lb a dlose priseoer? " O,no, lady You are towalk in the gar den tomorrow morning, if you oish, and I eam to show yeu the ,way." "Thanks Ooteta, foi the ioiarmation. Be sore, if ties fair,Ishall hold you to your duty." .She cared to question the woman no far ther; and when she had been ahown into the dressing-room, andioto the bathing-room be !yond, end.hadtearned of her snrroundinge allh sb )Cedd to know, she suffered her to derek Whes Theres awoke on the following imorntg the uon wa shining brtghtly, and a ,theouand birds weremaking mneio in the sir. She arose, finding Jeannette already up, and Swans noon dressed. It would be difficult to tell the feelings .with' which she gazed around upon the scene that had once been familiar to the eye of ,Constance. I But her thoughts oould not be long confined to that chamber. Thinking of Constance led her to think of another; and of another; and yet another-loved one ;where? Olwhere? With a vehemence that had in it almost a epice of anger sheh pot her foot upon the foor a ses told herself that she would not believe them dead. "Theminister was more than ballt convinced when he had heard my story," 'shesaid to herself; "and Conrad Arneleldt holds out because of his wihcked .ill ,Theyare not dead. Ifl theywere shoold know it. I should feel it. 'Kind IL:aven would not uphold my heart in this w'odrous manner only to break it in the erd." ''' She was thuns communing with hersell hen the opening of the dooreased her to Fao: Itwas J ensite, olwahom heo mitress ad ror 'iLios' lio abot et igbt'and 'thoughL Her iee wias flohed,' und her bright -eyes Draed wriw Itom ething closely resoembling spie '' "Where have you been, Jeanneltte'?" " I have been'tryieg the doors, dear lady. Perhaps ynu will blame ne; perhaps you will secld me, when I' tell you that Ibuave Peen lobhing for a way out from this place; aad I ehadfound it Ihould have oa awayy and left: you. Thie'wan my plan. I should have made my way as swiftly as pomuible to the dear old castle, where I woold have ironed your people, and'lalled a ouncil of war, in which my voice wounld have been for instant appeal co the semperor; and I would have gone before him myself, and told him the whole tenth." "Dear irl, I certainy shallnot hacld son; nor hare I any blame.' I cold have old yon; howesver, that you could net. get' ;ug)=ll ' Akh I lady, Incaae nearerto it than youe nink. But for a min who frightened me hick I' certainly should have got away' by a eceiyyn." Thut manwas probably Chore on purpoe. No, poi Jeannetee, we areno to esapein that oay'; yeI thank you all the same, I lhould Sive gladly spared youn had I. knowrn yot cere on your way to the mstle,-Ah I here. omeneOotaviatl" The old hoosekeeper entered with a kindly mite and a cheery ealutution; and having' rhade a few iquiries cooncerning the ladye iath and her night's tret, she announced hat she was ready to lead ths wayto, the c'rdeon. B seure o urheroine war not loog in maeking ready aforthe walk. The woman had brought mlighr mantle and a prettymorning hat, ihtioh she asoured the marchioness had not seen worn : since Lady Constance worn sWhen; 'and:Theresa cecepted thei readily. ead those articles reminded her of one lead, she would have enoly pot them away, leeling it sarriligious to weer them; but, rioce they brought to mind one living and telved,shelafeit a peouliar jioy'i putting them on. Thegarden f ths palace wae in th rear of ono of the wings; a epapioos enlosnre, bearing everything inthe ehape of frit and enrn Ithat coud be made to grow in that tclime. Beyond that we a spore of very early two a cm nder grass, where weres Siopical plants in endlesseariety. -Theres had been throngh a portion of the hothbone, and had left it for the purer, o f t her -i n r o p r b h v o r m y u Imtber routr ide, Oeravta end Jeaonete having remained behind to witness the gum. bets of a pair tf monkeys, confed in a rg cage. Without thooght of her oompunions, obe walked slowly on towards a emall, vine. o od arohr which she saw not far distant. She had reached a point where another path, flanked with flowering shrubs, crossed her way, when nhe was startled by theb sddie aed unexpected appearance of a man before Fs she would have turned back had toe mere menikeenpossible; bht the new-comerbad met her, lace to fain, and retreat wan out of the queetion. He lifted his tight oelet cp, and greeted her warmly. Theegreeting might have been cordial but for a spice of triumph in it which war not to be mistaken. MHewasa young man, a few months beyond one and twenty, wearing the oundrese uaiform of a lieutenant of the Imperial Gunrds; short of olsatre; with a fare which many called bsudnoma The features were rerglar. hue pagnatuous; the complexion very dark ; a pair of bright, black eyes, and hair of thu same molor, The forehead wan low; th4 'nether jaw square and heavyt the mouth large, with lips gruel and gross. At alt events, thielatter was what onrheroine saw; andbe mure she was not ths only one who had made tie discovery. ,Such wan Otto Arnefetdt,couint by mourtesy, and son of the Duke Cnarad. i'"Theresa, thi isea joy ineedd. My father' told me toot night that you wers here; and I begged that I might be permitted to see you, but he wae inexorable. Hs cun be very sinb bdr-when he takes a notion that way. But I have found you now, and when I leant ex petted it, Dear girt, you are looking per. fealty charming. Have ynu looked into the mirror this morning?" 'The maiden's reet thought, upon rinognin. lag the count, had been to give way to her true feelings; to treat the conocited, treach. crmeman ankhe deserved at her hands; but she did not du it, She asked herself Way make a sdene that could only be unpleasantfor herself an well an forhim? Her beet oourss woold be to get along as smoothly as poesible, simplymaintaining her' dignity and keeping him within due bounds of respeclt like anewered him that she never dressed, without coneutting her mirror. " And Ihkowyou sawthereino'somethisgn lad more beautiful toan anything you man add ts thin poor garden;' he oried, with. an atteipt at rapture, t'euut Ottot, you forget wtth' whom you' are speaking. I ssoure you, trom my heart,. such flattery displeases me. I du not like' ti. , ' "Zoonde t Yoo are different from the' maitrity of our fair damsels. I'faithl 'I know a score of them who would. give thre nights' sleep for sunk a compliment as Ipaid you." It wao not a compliment, etc. It was the groseret ef flattery. True compliments shonll offend no one. "Theresa l"--beading upon hoc a leek ci admiraltionI-- I will take a teseon-a nulmber of thrm~-ln proper kehavier from you, I will ho yeor pupil; nod I promlee e ho b at.' Oeitive and ebedirci.-Abh I erel I twool yen to sem. nor beoulifol lakleetot with its ehsrming Cumily 'atgetddfeh. It is 'not far," "So e aping, he took her baud, and drew it'. wilbinhisnarm, 'She tried in daw'it'away," bht did not eamele dOnuit, I wink you would esions me.'I left sompanry la ths gremuhouse," "PehawL.Yon.maid-and-oldl Ooatsva. Get theemlrander hack as they came. ~ Come. donot disappointie. I wanyon to oo ths. Sbld.feh: You sbaU aeethoem comeoto'your band at your call" He led on; and when she found that she sould not escape without using fore, the surrendered. He flattered her no more, but really talked sense and reason. The pond was farther away than he had given'her to expect; bot they reached it ere long; and she woo folly unpaid for thu walk; Otto had brought a piece of bread in his pocket, whic hoe broke op and gavo to her. An she otooped down and laid her hand no the surface of the water, letting it gradoally sink until her palm was covered, the eager fishes came leaping op for the food. At fires bshe started back with a little oy of alarm; for the fiBsh, fairly jumping into her hand, gave her a start. Bout she quickly overcame the trepidation, she allowed the golden dwellers of the lake to feed from her hand until the bread was all gone. "There, sweet oonoint" the count ex. claimed, after Theresa had wiped her hands dry open her kerchief, "I think you have gained ac appetite for your breakfast, and we will dally here no longer." He offered her his arm this time, and she took it, though celuctantly. Arrived at the crossing of the paths where they had met, they saw Octavia and Jeannelte at a little distance in advanne of them, moving towards the house, so the marchioness had nothing to do but to more on after them. She could make no exnse for leaving her present com. panion, M ore than once the count had looked into her fare with an expression that had given her great unrest. Evidently be woo inclined to.wbiper to her oc love. That ahioghe had done me this-had besought her to bless him with the gift of her hand; and she bad re fused him. It would have been painful to her bad ho broached the subject again at that time-not bocanso ehe woold have hesitated, or feared the hurting of his feelings; hot be. cause she knew well that he would be harash and insolting in the vengeful mood which wouldbesuretotfollow. Shecaneparsdthe infliction, however. On, arriving within the dwellisg, they IThorena and the youth-were met by. the'. .duke who greeted the pain of them with gshng effusion. "Sweet cousin l"-they were bound to re. mind her of the relationship between them " the fresh air has tinted youroheeks glcdr onely. Where did you pick up that graceless, son of mina? Zoundi1 thenyoung c asoa had no right to monopolize you in this fashion. I intendod tu have shown you toe beauties of' my garden myself. But never mind. I have other things that will please you full as onuoh.'" . . ,th this the disgusted maiden wae s ut. fered to go to her room, and make ready for breakfast. = And no that morning the dhke invited her to sit at the table with him. She was sorry he had ated her, bnt:.he did not refuse. She had recolved- that she would give no canse for offence; and she ansered kim meekly, that she wouldobey. t He should at least know that ahe regarded his invitation as a command, Themeal passed without onpleuosantneao Once, in the beginning, Theresa feared shke was to be asked to sit at the head of the board;s bt she was not. The dok said buot little while the mealwas in progress, ocem. tne wellaeati.Oed withthene so,,5,.o,... tea ua urn eon. monteven thensltr wao core. ful not to give the lair lady any good and sufficient maune for enubbig him. Wbhe thbs meal wno atanend she woas cond.ted by Octavia bock to her elegant chamber, where she found Jeannette, who had breakfatced alone, it being evidently inteoded itat uhe should, not have opportunity to goosip with the servants of the houehold. . The captive marohionros was notto remain long in ignorance of her copr'se perPOee.. Towards tho middle of the forenoon the dab presented imself in Iekoay drawing- room of, the lite whichu had been given. her tou ocmupy. Octavia, who followed close behind him, spoke to Jeannette, and led her away, losing thes door as theypaseead eat. "Thuresa," said his lordship, speaking slowly and with macbed distinctnea, and lookisg her steodily in the eye the while, oI have iome to tell yon what is. my pur ose with regard to yourself. I khallepeakolmply, and to the point; and when I-have epohen, you will fully cumprehend.-' "Yes are awarethat for a long time-I might tay from the date o your birth-I have been deelrome that ycu ohould bo the -wifeofmynnn. Then nioenwould heoppro. priate en many anosunle, --My heart'has keen fet upon it. -Twice- I have kindly aeked you to yiold, nol you 'have' re. fused. Now theb pweris mins. There isno reousnender the sen why you should not be Otto'e wife, while there is every ceaeoo why -.on hould be.. . ". "I hoes said-Tho puwer is mine; oud 'I .now say to you, I shail cse that pouer. I have brought you hither eec the purpose of ,making yon miltresgon Friedland-' "And making yourelf mutler of. Wind e, and its vast appendages l° - the marchionese broke in, eourntuiy. r"Hae it so, if you will,moy fair cousin," the doue retorted, with .a smile that chilled the girl to the very-entre of her being. One you will remember thaI to you is given high oank; also, that the estate of eiridland is 'little lees in valou than-your own. However, I have astcome to hold with you a disous sion ; but only to.tell you my purpose; and 'to tellyou, the laws oftbhe hctdes and Persians .wee not more altserable. .. ' "My lady of Wiudorf,. you have heard my 'decisiou. Now macbs: I'shallthold yo hers. andIshall sea you married to my An. You knowr.my, power as guardian. ateo abso. :lute, My word is law; my will you 'cannot :resist, That is all. You will be wise if you do not oblige me to see a force that would be -as congratefl for me, tn. my authority, to 'sitrt, as it would hb painful and humiliating .toyooreelll Ihave aidl" With this he arose, gave can dark, sigoit lout luck into the while, ecarcd fadc, and lkt the room. Theresa did'notfaint; the did notcry ot, but she 001 like one euopefild, facing itao lbs ivaant space where'heb:ad tact seen that -evil, tineseer foes. (To be cootinued.).., 