FRIDAY. DECEMBER 19th, 1S90. Last, Saturday, hi' our new^Trades Hall, Mr Tnmwniji was in" the: pro phetic vein, when he told his hearers that "toivards the close' of every " session there took place what was "known' as the ' slaughter of the " innocents,' measures that had to he " slaughtered owing to the small " thne left to deal with them. Perhaps ." among, these hills there would.he one 11 to conserve" the interests "of ""lahor, " and another to conserve the interests ." of commerce. - Likely enough, mem bers favorable to.-labor, would fre "gard.the.hill, :in : the .interests of " commerce, as of paramount impor " tanee,' and the measure introduced "for the good of lahor would he " sacrificed-" Nodoubt the working men of Geelong, i in the ' exercise" j of that simple faith, that, accor ding to •-• the laureate^' vis;., hotter t.lmu Norman , hlood, helieved; the speaker'- - was making sympathetic reference to his_eight houis' motion that was to come; up ■ ,-for debate, in the Legislative Assembly,- before the recess. No ono, surely/imagined that lie contemplated infanticide, hut that is the crime.of which he was guilty- on "VYednesday niglrtj' when he moved :•— " That in view of ;tho-widespread and " rapi(ih--growii]g feeling in :favor of " the eiglit hours system., of lahor, it " is the duty of the Government to !' introduce at an early date, not " later than the 'beginning of 'next " session,''a bill to legalise the sy-stem, "'where practicable, in conhection'with " all departments of industry throiigh " out. Victoria."- This was the " in "moeent," ::amb the ; manner: of 7 its slaughter was shown, -with 'the aid of Mr, Beazlex, by" inserting th'e -words " -where practicable " after ithe -word " system," neafThe chd' of 'the nibtioh; This smothered the infant., as,, effecr tually as the brace of.viliaihs hilled the royal, princes,in.!ifho.,^Tourer,f; at the: • instigation' bf-.H::£ici£ABD JZL The' assent -' to :the'.- motion,. . as amended,; makes,it!;a,.dead'letter,';'or 'as'Vapidas.'therdeclaratory.TCsoliitiori passed -hi. connection .^-itli -the vstrike. While'' this""-' burlesque-trajjedy -was going on in one Chamber, the Councils 'of'J Conciliation. -Bill-. was I cjuietly shelved in. the other, the objections raised xn 'the!-!qmetrgentleniamy! way :charac£erisiieb of.tffie^'Ppper/^ouse being^^that'the -measure; would-be ineffective and^un^orlfable^jhpweyef cwell'intiehtioned,. and that ithad better be dealt with-at some subsequent time on a federal basis. There are" different ;ways rof doing bloody deeds. r History tellsusbf one way, before alluded-to, ;"ahd!there is the poetical legend of the Babes in the "Wood. "We need not ! again name the gentlemen who elected "to do this piece of ruthless buteheiy." -Without doubt,- the proposal to make the eight hours system compulsory by "Act "of--Parliament has-been much debated here and in Europe. There the demand is often made in a violent way, and as a means to further ends. Here we proceed sensibly, with occa sional aberrations. At the Cardiff Congress, held not long since, the voting m'iaybr'of .Parliament^ enforc ing ail eight hours day, or a Saturday holiday, ,,.was.: 17,2G7r;for,;. and , 3819 against., At the "Dundee .Congress, held. shortly: - after, the president said the proposal was ;regarded with. • favor as! 'the most , generally, approved ? "method "by vvlncli to provide cmplby " inent for the surplus labor' of the " .country.",. a -This, gentleman went on to say, No one .will assume that the enactment of an eight hours day will " be a permanent, adjusfnieht of, tlie " social machine, -but it is a step in " tlie_ right. direction—-a ■ stop-gap " until; such time - as education shall " have spread the-light, and enabled " theu people to grapple vrith,'- and " sweep away the real. cause': of J'the " oppression of, labor. It will then " go hard with the gambler ,on- tlie " Stock Exchange, who draws from " the wealth Of' tlie country Avithoiit " having., added,"."anything .thereto5; <r-m&<^e!.Lm4;,au>4?iP9list| .and with " the receiver of-rents and royalties." This is' a -specimen of the wild" talk that accompanies/the demand for legislation of the: kind shadowed by the ghost of Mr Tiienwitii's slaugh tered'innocent; but there are - other and wiser friends of the working men who hold different views! ' Mr Brad iAtTGir, for instance,; speaking . of this .'progp^/jBoufit would" have a most '1 demoralising effect/upon"1, the work " ing classes. Let- the working men " encourage-a--spirit; of, "self-reliance,1 " and settle their hours of- labor, '.for " themselves!-.; Parliament; cannot ".ninke backbones' for'men' who'.' have " not got theni." '! On 'these "lines, we are -happy to say, the "ictorian'working classes have carried on the agitation,, and., that. ..'.most successfully. : Education has spread thelighf tliat 'tlie president of. the; Trades Union Congress at Dundee longed for, and it is to be hoped that it wiU- not "proVe' 'a' win^o^the-wispT;: to lead them into the.'bog of .socialistic absurdities,' where'so many "are floim-; dering. "When the Legislature steps; in, and prevents' adiilt men from making an}- contract for their labor that pleases them,- a leap will be taken from light into darkness, from sound economic science, back,.into,-the. dark ages of economic errors. The periodical slaughter of the innocents is, however, a blessed time' to■' some;''' All politi cians are more or less worshippers of the "jumping cat," and it is very easy to - table iuotions, ostensibly framed in the interest of a class 'that it is prudent to placate, 'with the full assurance'.'that; the House, iu its wisdom, will merer,allow, them to become effective. The country - may be sure that this eight hours' innocent will hot have decent .burial, ' but tlie unpleasant-- little corpse will .be " waked " whenever its putativo father mounts the'stump," or takes part in functions connected with the oxien ing of country trades-halls." : 