INDULGENCES. Bp Gharles Hastings Collstte. We are constantly acoused by Romahufs that we attribute to them praotroes they do not teaoh. , It is therefore essential that whenever' a statement is made, not only shonld the precise reference be given, buttha citations should be made from their own acknowledged writers. Th9 subjeot of In- dnlgenoes is one in particular in whioh they allege that their teaching is specially mis represented by ns. The theory is based om two fallacies— first, that on attrition, that is; " an imperfect repentance " arising from the fear of punishment, and not necessarily from a love of God, and confession to a priestt the penitent is absolved from his moral sin confessed, " however enormous or however often repeated," with the remission of the eternal punishment, otherwise dne to sin, and " leaving temporal pnnishments " technically called 11 satisfaction " imposed by the priest, to be performed in this life, and failing that in pnrgatory. All this is clearly, laid down by the Council of Trent 8ess. XIV., o. IV. — "De Contritlone" ; Trent Oateohism, Dono van's translation, p. 271, Dublin 1829, Dr. Delahogue, Traot de Saor. Psauit, Dablm, 1825\. Second— that there exists an inex haustible accumulation of the merits of Christ; and the superabundant merits of depiurted sainte, called " The tressure of the Church" at the unlimited disposal of the Pope, whiob are applicable by him in the form of Indul gences, for the remission . of these temporal punishments, . inflioted by the prieiit in tha Sacrament of Penance, which are also applic able to sonls in Purgatory. This is clearly laid down and explained in the oe cathedra- Ball of Leo XII., on proclaiming a Jubilee in 1828t and is given in fnl in tbe "Laity's Directery" for that year. I will now give a Bpeoimen of Indulgence which I extract from " The Complete Rosary Book " (London : Thomas Riohardson & Bon, 1865) per rnism superiorum, with - the im primatur of N. Cardinal Wiseman." In page 24 we read : — " For the recital of the Rosary, Rosarians who recite the third part of the Rosary, if repentant and confessed, besides a great number of other Indulgences, gain 60,000 years and as many quarantines of Indulgences. Ifreoited in a chapel of the confraternity, fifty years more." On page 52 ' a list of twenty Popes is given, inolnding PiusIX. "who indifferent Bulls have granted or confirmed the Indulgences in the fore going pages." Cardinal Manning in his "Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost." 3rd edition 1877, p. p. 87-8 says, " Definitions and decrees of Pontiff, speaking ex-cathedra oar -as head of the Ohurob, whether .by Bulls, Apostolic Letters, or Eucyclioals, or Briefs, to many or to one person, undoubtedly emanate from a divine assistance and are infallible." Wo have here the Bulls of 20 Popes asserting that by reciting one third of the Rosary 60,000 yearn of remission of temporal pnnishments aro granted, necessarily extending to sonls alleged to be in Purgatory. Moral — Every trie has its moral. Cardinal- Archbishop Bellarmine, their great Papal controversial champion, gravely informs as that when a Pope grants Indulgences for ten or twenty thousand years,- soch Indulgences have reference to those who had aooustomed themselves tc perjury and blasphemy almost every moment, . and frequently committed murders, thefts, sacrileges and adulteries — (Bjllarm Opar. Tom. Hi. Indulg. Lib. i, c. IX. ; col. 1,174 j Paris 1608). "Are we allowed to speoalate what a lot of rascals Rosarians must be when, twenty Popes considered it expedient to grahk them the special privilege of receiving 60,000 years of Indulgences ? 