BEATRICE A NEW AND THRILLING TALE, CHAPTER XX-—[Continued.) BY RnpBmOGAED Author of "She" "Eng Solomon's Mines,' eto^'eto., etc. Thus,too,the reeultof an entanglement between atroman and a man already married generally means unhappiness and hurt to all concerned, more especially to tbe woman, whose prospects are perhaps irretrievably injured thereby. It is useless to point to the example of the patriarchs, some foreign royal families, and many respectable Turks; it is useless to plead that the love is a deep and holy love, for which a man or woman might well live and die, or to show extenuating circumstances in the, fact of , loneliness; peed of sympathy, and that the existing marriage was a hollow sham. The rule is clear. A man may do most things except cheat at cards or ran away in action ; a woman may break half-a-dozen .hearts, or try fei Vest them, and finally pnt herself up to auction and take no harm at all—but neither of them may in any event do this. Not that Geoffrey, to do him justice, had any such intentions. Most men are incapable of plots of that nature. It they fall, it is when the voice of conscience is lost in the whirlwind of passion, and counsel is darkened by the tumultuous - pleadings of -the heart. Their sin is, that they will, most of them, allow themselves to be put in positions favourable to the development of these disagreeable influences. It is not safe to light cigarettes in a powder factory. If Geoffrey had done what he ought to have done, he would never have gone back to Bryngelly, and there would have been no story to tell, or no morethan there usually is. At length Mr. Granger and his guest reached Bryngelly; there was nobody to meet them, for nobody knew that they were coming, so they walked up to the Yicarage. It was Estrange to Geoffrey once more to pass by the little church, through those well-remembered, Wind-torn pines and see tbat low long house. It seemed wonderful that all should still be just as it was, that there should be no change at all, when he himself had seen so much. There was Beatrice's home; where was Beatrice? * He passed into the house like. a man a dream. In another moment he was in the long parlour where he had spent so many happy hours, and Elizabeth was greetinghim. He shook! hands with her, and as he did so, noticed vaguely that she too was utterly unchanged. Her straw-coloured hair was pushed back from the temples in the same way. "the mouth wore the same hard emile, her light eyes shone, With the same cold look; she even wore: the same brown dress. But she-appeared to be very pleased to 6ee him>a8 indeed she was, for the game looked well for Elizadeth. : Her rather tossed' her hurriedly, and bustled from the ioom to lock up his borrowed cash, leaving them together. ' Somehow Geoffrey's conversational powers failed him. Where was Beatrice? she ought to be back from school. It was holiday time indeed. Could she be away? He made an effort, and remarked absently that things seemed very unchanged at Bryngelly. " You are looking for Beatrice," said Elizabeth, answering his thought and not his words. "She has gone out walking, but I think that she will be back soon. Excuse me, but I must go and see about your room." Geoffrey hung about a little, then he lit his pipe and strolled down to the beach, with a vague unexpressed idea of meeting Beatrice. He did not meet Beatrice, but he met old Edward, who knew him at once. "Lord, sir," he said, "it's queer to see you here again, specially when I thinks as how I saw you first, and you a dead ' un to all purposes, with your mouthopen, and Miss Beatrice a-hanging on to your hair fit to pull your scalp off. You never was nearer old Davey than you was that night, sir, nor won't be. j And now you've been spared to become a Parliament man, I hears, and much good may you do there—it will take you all your time, air—and I think, sir, that I should like to drink your health." Geoffrey put his hand in his pocket and gave the old man a sovereign. He could afford to do so now; Does Miss Beatrice go out canoeing now f" he asked while Edward etui 1 mumbled his astonished thanks. " ^ At times, sir—-thanking you kindly ; it ain't many suvrings as comes my way—though, I hate the sight on it, 'Ido. I'd like to stave a hole in the bottom of that there cranky concern ; it ain't safe, and that's the fact. There'll be another accident out of it one of these fine days and no coming to next time. But, Lord bless you, ifs her way of pleasuring herself. She's a queer un is Miss Beatrice, and she gets queerer and. queerer, what with, their being so tight screwed np at the Yicarage, no tithes and that, and one thing and another. Not but what Fm thinking, sir,' 1 ' he iadded in a portentous whisper, " as lite squire hasjgotsummut to'do'with it. He's a courting of her, he is; he's as hard after her as a dog fish after a stray herring, and why she can't just say yes and marry bim Fm sure I don't know." " Perhaps she doesn't like him," said Geoffrey coldly. "May be, sir, may be; muds all have their fancies, in whatsoever walk o'life it has pleased God to stick 'em, bnt it's a wonderful pity, it is. He ain't no great shakes, he ain't, but he's a sound man—no girl oan't want a sounder—lived ^tuet tall his days jflu and^whaFis more he'e igot the money, and mo^'sfti^ht npriai the Vicarage, sir. Lord! aitt-ace of brats and she'd forget all about 'em. Fm seventy yean old and Fve seen their ways, sir, thongh in a humble calling. You shouU epy * word f^her, sir; ehe'dthank youkindlyfive^ears after, You'd do her a good turn, air, you would, and not a bad un as the saying god), and give it the lie—no, beg your pardon, that is the other way round— she's bonnd to ' 4d v yon the bad turn havingsayed your Ess, though I don't see how ahe oonld do that unless, begging your pardon, she made you fall in love with her, being married, which though strange wouldn't be wunnerfol feeeing what she Is, and seeing howl has betm in love with her myself since she was seven, old missus and all, who died eight years gone and well'rid of the' rheumatics." ' Beatrice was one of the few subjects that could unlock old Edward's breast, and Geoffrey retired before his confusing but suggestive eloquence. Hurriedly bidding the old man good- night he returned to the house, and leaning on the gate watohed the twilight dying on the Dosom ol the west. Suddenly, a bunch of wild roses in her girdle, Beatrice -emerged from tixe gathering gloom and stood before him face to face. CHAPTER XXI. TUB THIRD APPEAL. FACE to face they stood, while at the vision of her sweetness his heart grew still. Face to face, and the faint light fell upon her tender loveliness and died in her deep eyes, and the faint breeze fragrant with the breath of pines gently stiiTed her hair. Oh, it was worth living to see her thus! " I beg your pardon," she said in a puzzled tone, stepping forward to pass the gate. " Beatrioe /" She gave a little cry, and clutched the railing, else she would have fallen. One moment she stayed so, looking up towards his face that was hid in the deepening shadow—looking with the wild eyes of hope and tear and love. "Is it you," she said at length, "or another dream." "It is I, Beatrice!" he answered, amazed. She recovered herself with an effort. " Then why did you frighten me so ?" she asked. " It was unkind—oh, I did not mean to say anything cross. What did I say? I forget. I am so glad that you have come!" and she put her hand to her forehead and looked at him again as one might gaze at a ghost from the grave. ^ " Did you not expect me ?" Geoffrey asked. Expect you ? no. No more than I expected—" and she stopped suddenly. It is very odd," he said; I thought you knew that your father was going to ask me down. I returned from London with Mm." • " FromLondon," she murmured. " I did not know; Elizabeth did not tell me anything about it. I &uppose; that she forgot." , 1 ; ' Here l am at any rate, and how are you?? " Oh, well now, quite well. There, I am'&l; right again. It is very wrong to frighten people in that- way, Mr. Bingham!" she added in her usual voice. " Let me pass through the gate and I will shake hands with you—if," sho added, in a tone of gentle mockery, " one may shake hands with so great a man. But I told you how it would be, did I not, just before we wore drowned together, you know ? How is Effie ?" " Effie flourishes," he answered. " Do you know, you do not look very grand. Your father told me that you had a cold in the winter," and Geoffrey shivered as he thought of the cause. "Oh, thank you, I have nothing to complain of. I am strong and well. How long do you stay here ?" "Not long. Perhaps till Tuesday morning, perhapB till Monday." Beatrice sighed. Happiness is short. She had not brought him here, she would not have lifted a finger to bring him here, but sincb he had come she wished that he was going to stay longer. " It is supper time," she said ; "let us go in." j So they went in and ate their supper. It was a happy meal. Mr. Granger was in boisterous spiritis. It is wonderful what a difference die possession of that two hundred pounds made ui •:•his demeanonr; he seemed another man. It was true that a hundred of it must go in paying debts, but a hundred would be left, which meant at least a year's respite for him. Elizabeth, too, relaxed her habitual grimness; the two hundred pounds had its influence on her also, and there were other genial influences at work in her dark secret heart. Beatrice knew nothing of the money and sat somewhat silent, bat ishe too was happy with.the wild unreal happiness that sometimes visits us in dreams.' ' • -!•' As for Geoffrey, if Lady Hohoria could have seen him she would have stared in astonishment. Of late he had been a very silent man; many people indeed had found him a dull companion. But under the influence of Beatrice's presence he talked and talked brilliantly. PerhapB he was unconsciously striving to show at his very best before her, as a man naturally does in the presence of a woman whom he loves. So brilliantly did he talk that at last they all sat fBtifl and listened to him, and they- might havebeen worseemployed. At length the Bupper was done, and Elizab eth retired to her room. Presently, too, Mr. Granger was called out to christen a sickbaby and went grumbling, and they were left alone. They sat in the window- place-and looked out ai the quiet night; f \ ' " Telkgine about yourself," said : Beatrice.^ • Sol le told her. He narrated all' the steps by which he had reached his present position, and showed her how from it he .jnight rise to the topmost heights of ffi[L rlflie did not look at hiin, #Ad d]^!&|jfenswer him, but %bbn he;^aiisM, v: 9iinking th^t hel talked enouglrlabciut^iiinseUf she iaxd^ " Go on; tell me some more?' At last he had told her all. "Yes," she said, "you hare the power and^bprtittuty, and you will one day.be ampne jhe foremost men of your generation. " I doubt it," he said with a sigh. " I am not ambitious. I only work for the sake of the work, not for what it will bring.; One day I daresay that I shall weary of it all and leave it. Bnt while I do work, I like to be among the first in my degree." " Oh, no," she answered, "you must not give it up ; you must go on and on. Promise me, she continued, looking at him for the first time—"promise ine that while you have health and strength you will persevere till you stand alone and quite pre-eminent. Then you can give it up." "Why should I promise you this, Beatrice?" "Because I ask it of you. Once 1 saved your life, Mr. Bingham, and it gives me seme little right to direct its course. I wish that the man whom I saved to the world should be among the first men in the world, not in wealth, which is an accident, but in intellect and force. Promise me this and I shall be happy." " I promise you," he said, I promise that I will try to rise because you ask it, not becausethe prospect attracts me;" but as he spoke ms heart was wrung. It was bitter to hear her speak thus of a future in which she would have no share, which, as her words implied, would be a thing utterly apart from her, as much apart as though she were dead. " Yes," he said again, " you gave me my life, and it makes me very unhappy to think that I oan give you nothing in return. Oh, Beatrice, I -will tell you what I have never told to any one. I am lonely and wretched. With the exception of yourself, I do not think that there is anybody who really oareB for—I mean who really sympathises with me in the world. I daresay that it is my own fault, and it sounds a humiliating thing to say, and, in a fashion, a selfish thing. I never should have said it to any living soul but you. What is the use of being great when there is nobody to work for ? Things might have been different, but the world is a hard place. If you—if you—' 1 At this moment his hand touched hers; it was accidental, but in the tenderness of his heart he yielded to the temptation and took it. Then there was a moment's pause, and very gently she drew her hand away and thrust it in her bosom. " You have your wife to share your fortune," she said, " you have Effie to inherit it, and you can leave your name to your country." Then came a heavy pause. " And you," he said, breaking it, " what future is there for you ?" She laughed softly. " Women have no future and they ask none. At least, I do not now, though once I did. It is enough for them if they can ever so little help the lives of others. That is their happiness, and their reward is— rest." Just then Mr. Granger came back from his christening, ana Beatrice rose -and went to bed. ^ "Looks a little pale, doesn't she, Mr. Bingham ?" said her father. " I think she must be troubled in her mind. The fact is—well, there is no reason why I should not tell you ; she thinks so much cf you, and you might say a word to brighten her up—weU, it's about Mr. Davies. I fancy, you know, that she likes him and is vexed because he does not come forward. Well, you see—of course I may be mistaken, but I have sometimes thought that he may. I have seen him look as if he was thinking of it, though of course it is more than Beatrice has got any right to expect. She's only got herself and her good lookB to give him, and he is a rich man. Think of it, Mr. Bingham," and the old gentleman turned up nis eyes piously, " just think what a thing it would be for her, and indeed for all of us, if it should please God to send a chance like that in her way; she would be rich for life, and such a position! But it is possible; one never knows; he might take a fancy to her. At any rate, Mr. Bingham, I think you could cheer her up a little; there is no need for her to give up hope yet." Geoffrey burst into a short grim laugh. The idea of Beatrice languishing for Owen Davies, indeed the irony of the whole position, was too much for his sense of humour. Yes,"he said, "I daresay that it might be a good match for h&r;, but I, do not know how she would get ou with Mr. Davies" "Get on! why, well enough, of coursel Women are soft, and can squeeze into moBt holes, especially if they are well lined. Besides, he may be a bit heavy, but I think she is pining for him, and it's a pity she should waste her life like that. What, axe you going to bed ? Well, good-night —good-night." Geoffrey did go to bed, but' not to sleep. For a long while he lay awake, thinking. He thought of the last night which he had spent in this little room, of .its strange expericncfe&. of ; all that had happened since, iand of the meeting of to-day. Gould he, after that meeting, any longer doubt what were the feelings frith which Beatrice regarded hitn? It was difficult to do so, and yet there still was room for error. Then he thought of what old Edward had said to him. and of what Mr. Granger had said with reference to Beatrice and Owen Davies. The views of both were crudely and even vulgarly expressed, but they coincided and, what was more, there 'was troth in them, and he knew it. The idea of Beatrice marrying Mr, ,vies was, to put it mildly, repulsive & hiin; but had he any claim to stand between her and so desirable a settlement in life ? Clearly, he had not, his conscience told him so. (3b be Omtimiid.') 