Albert Street Church. President of the Conference. . The Bev. W. Clarke, president of tho New South Wales and Queensland Oonferenoe, con- duatcd service in tbo Albort etreet Wesleyan Ohuroh yesterday morning. There wsb a fairly large congregation. The words, "Not by might, nor by power, hat by My spirit saith the Lord of Hosts" (Zioh. iv. 6), formed the text, and during the course of his remarks tho rov. grntleman Baid that those words wore spoken to encourage Zerubabol in tho building of a temple It might appear that thero was seme tautology in the words, " Not by might nor by power," but in tbe margin near the text the word " army " was written, to be read in plaoe of " might." It was, therefore, evident that the great work of Zornbabel was set to bo accomplished by anything that wee human. Some people Baid that in order to- bring abont- the millenium there must be perfeot oironmstances whioh will largely. produco„perfoot character. Thoy said that the masses were enelaved by tho money interest, and if there waB only aolivoryfrom that slavery there wonld ba at onoo the mil- Ionium. If all tho workmen were to ho given eight honrs for labonr, oight hours for recrea tion, and oight honrs for Bleep, then thero would ho a better stato of things morally. Another man said that all that wus neocssary was that there should bo equality as regards the rights of property. That would load to perfeot churaoter. Those per boob forgot that there was at one time equality amongst tho Jews as regards tho rights of proporty, and in India it waB so to-day to a certain extent. Snt still they found evils in India, oven under those circuital tances, tho samo as thoro were in the Jewish monarchy and tho Jewish common wealth. In all theso idons, however, tho at tempt to regenerate society was commenoed at tho oircumfcrenoe, with tho purpose of working towards tbo centre, while in the eystem of Jesus Obriat the work was commenood at tho oentre, giving new life in tho heart, and then working towards tho oironmisrenoe. Some times tney wero told that what was noodod to prodnoe perfect olroumstances was legislative enactment. Tot in saying that thoy lost sight of the fact that in old England the laws were harsh, oruel, and in many instances unjust and unrighteous. To- day thoy had a mildor Gov ernment and moro just laws. The gaols wero models of comfort, and thoy wore twitted of paying moro attention to oriiniuals than they did to poverty. Bnt with all their legislative enactments there was still evil in the world. In New South Wales thoy had a law dosing pnhlio-bonses on the Sabbath Day, and a very good: law it -was,' but the persons who loved drink were not sober on that day any moro than on others. No ; it was impossible to mako men moral by Aot of Parliament. The foot was that evil was to be found in the heart, and it must ho eradicated from thero. Tbo law might snhdno evil, but it never oonquorod it. Tho only power that wonld make a community moral was tho power of tho Holy Ghost. Thoy were told, too, that civilisation was going to do a great deal, but -had it over struok them that civilisation brought them into a kind of slavery. The riob man filled hie houeo with all kinds of things whioh conld be honght with money, and ho became their slavo because he could not do withont them, and wore they not all elavcs to fashion, drees, and the convention alities of sooieties. Civilisation was all very well, bnt it wonld nover regenerate man's heart. It would only touch thesurfaoe. It bad no power to ponetrate. A great deal of evil might be rologated to tho background, bnt it was there just tho same. They wore told alio that all- that was necessary nasto teaoh men thoevilaof sin, ondthen thero wouldsoonboa perfeot community ; hut euoh toaohing did not prevent men from becoming drunkards. Thors were men of talent and genres who were drunk ards. Learning aud oulturo wero all very good, and ought to be enconruged, bnt they alone would rot do what is necessary for re generation. Tho only power by whioh tho world oould bo raised and mudo hotter was tho power from on high — that was tho only powor which oould beautify tho world and make it divine. Thoy did not want new gospols, or mjw nSelhols, but now life. Persons talked , about creeds, dogmas, and doctrines, and that was nil very Well, hut thoy wnntod moro llfo in them. Somo peoplo sold thero was not the samo warmth in the pulpit that there used, to he, bnt hd said,' " Qlvo .na.'pioro warmtlila tho, paw, and there' villlbo'more warmth in the pulpit." " They did not'wa'nt more organisation. 1 They , did not wont more ohannols, or moro vessels, but they wanted the vessels fillod with divine things, and the channels filled withr living water from tho throne of God. In oonoluding ho prayed for an outpouring of tho i-pirit of God on tho community. In tho evening the rev. gentleman proaobed to a large oongroga- tion in the Valley Wesleyan Ohuroh. 