in Ocean Tragedy. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXVI. wilfbid's delusion. It was pleasant to learn next morning that the breeze which bad been slipping us nimbly through it since we had trimmed sail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving us an average of some seven knots an hoar, but had gathered a little in crease of weight at sunrise, so tliat I nivoke to as much life in tho vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoil ing seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north- east trades were pour ing full upon the starboard bow and we were buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings thai would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. For iny part ever since wc had pene trated these "doldrums," as tliey arc culled, 1 was dreading the long dead calms <,f the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the eun sucks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapjicr for light. My spirits were good as 1 sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not «ujy that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying nt last fairly over the bow instead of over the stern as it had been for weeks ; tho object of this trip, such as it was, had been achieved ; there was nothing more to keep n look-out for,; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of tho colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Menson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of tho tragedy ; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as 1 emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and made my way to the sparkling breakfast- table. 1 seated myself on a couch wait ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura ; the tewards hung about ready to servo the tiii'iil. 1 called the head ono to me and siid, "Is there any chance of Lady Mon- oii joining us at table, do you know ? " " 1 think not, sir," lie answered. " Who attends to her — I mean as re- yards her meals ? " "Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this monng her ladyships's orders are tliat a scpcrate tray should bo pre pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Bcr breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago." "So 1 may presume," said I, 44 that she finds herself pretty well tliis morning? And my cousin, steward i " " 1 was to tell you, sir," he answered, " that >Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "Uuw is hi ?" "He didn't complain, sir; just said " I'll breakfast in my cabin this morn ing ! " "All right," said I, and the man retired. There wns mulling unusual in Wilfrid breakfasting in his cabin. 1 was glad to hear that lie did not complain ; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering ; owned trecly to whatever troubled him, however ;rilli»g. and made much «f it. In a few minutes Mi.ss Laura came from her borth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events 1 tonk to express a troubled or sleepless night. Her eyelids were a little heavy; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Vet no woman, I thought, could tver show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing tho atmos phere with a fiowcr-like fragrance that had nothing whatever to do with the scent bottle. 1 told her that Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. "He is well, 1 hope?" "Oh. I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. Til look in upon liim after breakfast. Have vuu seen Lady Monson this morn ing ? " "Xu," she answered, " 1 sent my maid with a message and the reply was that Lady Monson wishes to bo alone." "Now, Miss Jennings," said 1 gently; but with some emphasis, "you must let milling that Lady Mommi does vex you. Yju have done your duty; she is on hoard this yacht ; 1 shall grow fretful if I think you intend io waste a single breath of the sweetness of your heAit upon the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert nature. 1 dare say you have scarcely ch'sed your eyes all night through think- uig about hor." "About her and other things." . " W hy tease yourself ? A sister is a eister only so long as she chooses to act and feci as one. it is indeed a tender word— a sweet relationship. But if a woman coolly cuts all family tics—" fcho shook hor head, smiling. "Your views are too hard, Mr. Monson. You would argue of a sister as you would of a wife. Wo must bear with tlic shame, the degradation, the wickedness of those wc nave loved, of those we still love spite of hitter repulse. There is no one, 1 am 6ure, would dare kneel-down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de pended upon our own actions. All of us would leel cut off." | -VlJt all, 1 thought, looking at her, but I fiat silent awhile, fccliug rebuked. 1 was | H young uiHii then ; J Attn turn back now, i w 1 am by many yearn of life's I iV11 1 ' e, 660 ',al i was hard, too I .iii'11 , 80 though thus days of mine ; knowing little or nothing of suffering ,l)'elf, I knew little or nothing of the I ."d1 a"d wondrous vitality of human | . uipatliy. ou fin J juauy corridors in '"man nature wlnn you enter, but tWry 18 Ulc only W«J' J ®nd to miss f'JUi.d the edifiar<i'y " 6" D saiJi #t!. ,for "» ence, e»d then rv„' , 1 suppose, as you have soon me 1 1 "c41,mK of J'our eietor. yon are tuhd?" n l'inion f Iter atate of tC8. " "f4"1411' of « cold nature," i "'dispositions such ss i do not greatly varv lot « mil tan, «n to ttSuT 4oS one I wb iio-l'st passion, feoling, emotion »y havo its fangs buried in such has rt >U suffering is to passtwiT li uuy wraps to Gndexprossipn." I smiled. "Ves," oaid -I, "ltn0_ hat you metn. She is like a person who a buraaa in half-a-dosen coflins ; a then le&d; then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." 44 But why did you ask that question, Mr. Monson ? " 44 Well," said I, " you know that we brried the colonel last night ? " She started. " I did not know ! " she exclaimed. 44 Yes," I continued. 14 We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. 14 Was Henrietta really present T " she exclaimed. 14 How could she nave known— what could the men have thought of her? What madness of bad taste ! " "Tlie forefinger follows the thumb," said I, 44 and when you come to the little finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying this?" But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, 44 How could she be present? How could she be present ? " 44 Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; 44 when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon tho grating, and in that posture of supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile 1 was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in tho dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what wns in my mind ? Suppose she should fling herself overboard ! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon iny face. 41 should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. 44 Of course you know your own sister," said I. 44 Finn look your view. I men tioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prospically in the moon light." "Women who behave as mv sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, with tho gravity of a young philosopher, 41 are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them ; hut whilst they have their senses they may be trusted bo far as thov themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash and impious hy persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She ma poison die lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." 41 Now if 1 had said that — " said I. 44 Oli," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks fading outof them, 44 1 will never reproach you for tolling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up and dressed, sitting in an easy-chair, reading his diary, which I took tho book to be. He held the volume close to his face ; his legs were crossed, his feet in slippers, his right hand grasped his big meerschaum pipe, which was filled with yellow toliacco not yet lighted. The cabin window was open, and the dmperics of the handsome little apart ment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifici-. "You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said 1. "Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here though 7" 44 Not at all," said lie, putting down the book and lighting liis pipe. "Sit and smoke with inc." 44 Why not f»n deck ? " I answered, sit ting nevertheless. 44 A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmos phere. The sight is sensible of the beat as well as other organs, it may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." Be quietly sucked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco 6inokc which wont up from his bowl. 1 lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so, ,Hc was pale ; tlicro was nothing novel in that, but 1 noticed an expression of anxiety in liis eyes that was new to me ; n look of 6anc concern as though some difficulty novel and sur prising. yet not »if a character to strike dee>, had befallen him. 1 glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the table near which ho was seated and easily guessed by what remained that lie had made a good meal. His manner was quiet, even subdued ; no symptoms of the old jerkiness. of the odd probing gestures of lieud with a thrust of liis mind, as it were, into one's face us if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes, j Jle was airily clothed in white, a coloured j-hirt wide open at the collar, and a small ilk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his hcaa. " Has Finn removed tho live-guinea piece from the mainmast?" said lie. 44 1 don't know, Wilf." 44 1 must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on our arrival. 1 shall be glad to get home." 44 And so eliall 1, upon my word." 44 The ceaseless motion of the sea," lie continued, talking quietly and with a more sensible look in his face than 1 had witnessed in him since the hour of our start, " prows so distractingly monotonous after a time, that 1 can readily believe it affects weak heads. This trip lias about exhausted my love of seafaring. 1 shall sell the Bride. J nodded. 44 Bow long should the run home occupy ub 7 " he asked. 44 Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," 1 answered. Be smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful faco and then said, 44 Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprison ment." 1 imagined ho referred to liis wife, and tliat lie was feeling his way in this rouud- about fashion to talk about her. 44 There is no necessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," said 1. 44 Your yacht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whis>crs might indeed prove embar rassing. So far us 1 am concerned 1 nm quite willing to promise very honestly never even to look. Miss Jennings is all tenderness and sweetness and sympathy ; there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors," 1 continued, noticing without comprehending ail air of bewUdcnucnt that was growing upon liis face as I talked, 44 Jack meets with so many astonishments in his vocation that surprise and curiosity are almost lost arts with him. The crew will take one long thii-sly stare ; then turn tlieir quids ana give what passes aft no further need whatever." "I don't follow you," he exclaimed, J>08iug his pipe, with liis eyes intently fixed onme; 4 4 what are you talking about ? " " You were speaking of the tediousness of five weeks imprisonment ! " "Quite right," said he, 14 and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks. ' 44 But, my dear Wilfrid, I was endea vouring to point out that the imprison ment to which you refer is unnecessary ; in fact, after last night—" But here I suddenly bit mv lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to lot him know that his wife had been presentat Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. 44 What 1 mean is," 1 continued, talking rapidly, 4 4 if it's a mere question of sen sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser vation, why not imitate the great Mokanna : " O'er Mb features hung The Veil, the Silver Veil which he had flung In mercy there to hide from human eight liis dazillng brow till men could bear Its light." In our case we have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils ; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be—" Be was now gaping at me, and cried out, 4 4 Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled ? " 44 You 1 " I exclaimed ; 44 certainly not. I am not talking of you." 44 But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. 1 looked at him with amazement. 4 4 You do not mean to say tliat you intend to im prison yourself in this cabin till we get home ? " lie shook his head. 44 1 don't imprison myself," he answered, 44 1 am imprisoned." 14 By whom, pray 7" 44 Can't you see ?" 1 ran my eyes round the cabin. 44 No, no ! " he shouted, 44 look at tne. Don't you perceive that 1 can't get out? How am 1 to iass through tliat door ? " 44 How are you to pass through that door?" I exclaimed, 14 why, by walking through it, of course. How else ? " 44 Ay, and that's just what I can't do," Baid he, with n melancholy shake of the head. 44 But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with hint. 44 Because," he answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his anns and leg», 44 1 am too big." 1 perceived now what had como to him, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained, 1 may say, to the very heart, that- for some moments I was unable to speak. How ever, with a violent effort 1 pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for tlie mere sake of obtaining What concealment 1 could get out of my gestures and my puffing of the tobacco clouds, 1 said, 44 Big you always were, Wilfrid ; but never so big — and not note so big — as not to be able to pass tlirough that door. See ! let me go first ; put your two hands ju6t above my hips and you'll follow mo through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." 1 rose, but he waved mo' off with an al most frantic gesture. 44 My God, man ! " lie shouted, 14 what is the use of talking? I could uo more get through tliat door tiian 1 could pass through that porthole." 44Bub don't you think wc might manage to haul you tlirough ? " 6aid 1. 44 You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. 44 Sit down, my dear fellow, "lie continued, speaking with an almost cheerful note in his voice, 4,it isa very grave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is com- nindiouR, and with you and Laura to come and keep me company, and with the further solace of my pipe and books, why 1 shall bo very nearly as well off' as if I could get on dock. Besides," headdedjiftinghis finger and addressing mc with that old air of cunning 1 have again and again referred to, made lxiyish and pathetic bv the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth put on, 4' even if 1 was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, 41 1 should never bo able to get tlirough tho companion hatch." 44 Well," said 1, 44 it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, 1 am sure, to leaving your cabin. If nor, and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." 4 4 Ay, that, would be all vwy well, "said he, 44 so fax as tliiB cabin is concerned. But would you have nic order the carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us 7" 1 feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reason ing with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. 1 watched liiin attentively to remark if he nmved or acted us if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and unwieldine&s; of excessive growth in his body and limbs : for 1 remembered the case of a man 1 once heard of, who, believing him self to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an im mensely fat man by breathing pursilyand with labour, by grasping his stomach as though it stood out a considerable dis tance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imnginc properly belonged to the obese. But 1 could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when lie first told me that he had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking with him for a long half-hour. He asked lio questions about liis wife, nor as to the dis>osal of the colonel's body, nor re verted to the extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the pre ceding day. Yet ho converecd with perfect rationality ; his manners were bland, with something of dignity in tlieni ; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's doziness had localised itself ill this new and astounding fancy of his licing unable to squeeze bis way through on deck, leaving his unnd in all other directions clear and serene ; yet mad as was the notion that had now seized him, 1 ' could not but secretly feel tliat there was more madness yet in liis insensibility to what had liappened, as though indeed the light of memory in him bad been extinguished and he was conscious of nothing but what was actually passing Itofore his eyes. 1 held my peace on this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at any hour I might find him on deck and his delusion gone. At dinner, however, that day Miss Laura noticed liis absence. My silence, 1 suppose, convinced her tliat there was something wrong with him. She questioned inc and 1 told her the truth, llcr ea tilled with sadness. 44 He glows worse," she said. 44 1 fear he will never recover." 44 This marriage," I answered, 44 on top of what was congenital in him, l.as pmvod too much. Have you seen your sister to-day ? " 44 No." 44 Docs bIio intend to keep her cabin until we'roo jSugluiid ? " 44 1 cannot say. She declines to see inc." 'Wet she has turned you out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say ; tho husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side ; and both doors within kick of a foot from cither threshold. It is a picture to encourage an ingenious mind nred with matrimonial resolutions 1 " 44 Men are fools to get married j" she exclaimed piquantly. 44 And women ? said I. " Oh, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archness or sarcasm. 44 1 don't think," said 1, 41 that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Yet thin I vow before all the gods : if I had married <i woman like your sister and she had served inc as she has served her husband, I should wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He docs not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh, Jiow delightful ! Why you hear of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so on, until tlicy end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth ! But how is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination slips into liis brain, turns all the paintings to the wall, and with nimble hands fallB to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestry hangings which engage his mind to the forgetting of all tilings else." 44 But, Mr. Monson," cried she, " surely , with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he lias increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door. " 44 Lit us pay him a visit," said J. She at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been chatting with her over such slendor dessert as a yacht's stores in those days supplied— figs, nuta, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The westering sun coloured the cahiu with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the t.ible glowed in rich contrast with the snuw-white damask and the icy sparkle of ci-y&tal;, whilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre fiaking. as it seemed, upon the eye out of the mirrors. The humming wind gushed pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set the leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were heaj)cd to gether, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over tills sea of sapphire and under this reddeuing equi noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to her ! But Miss Jennings was making her way to Wilfrid's cabiu, and there was no leisure now for moralising. Wc entered. The remains of the dinner my cousin had been served with were still upon his tabic, and 1 gathered tliat he had done exceedingly well. This did not look as though lie suspected tliat eating had anything to do with his sudden astonishing growth. He had emptied one pint bottle of champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow with a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm-chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted. 44 How d'ye do, Laura, iny dear? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender >coplo like you." I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the furniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi- ncss coated liis eyes, but this 1 readily ascribed to the chanqiagne ; the interior was hot, and Miss Laura cooled her 6wect face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, as if lie feared she would 6ec something in him to divert her. 44 Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said 1, 41 as if jou could get on deck ? " 44 Oli, certainly not," he answered warmly, 44 1 wonder that you should ask bucIi a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as though he pitied me. 44 Surely. Wilfrid," she exclaimed, 14 you could pass tlirough quite easily, and without hurting yourself at all." 44 Quite easily! Yes, in pieces !" he cried scornfully. 14 But it is not tliat- you are both blind. Your wish is to humour me. Please do nothing of the sort. What 1 can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp his breast with both hands. 44 Look at these," lie coutinued, slapping first an ami, then a leg. 44 It is a most fortunate thing that I should liave broadened only. Had increased corrosjwiidtngly inheight, I should not have been able to stand up right in tliis cabin," and lie directed a glanco at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver ran through him. 1 thought now I would sound liis mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit liis cabin, yet if liis intellect had failed in other ways to the extent I found in this particular hallucination he would certainly have to be watched, not for liis own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as you may suppose, liis eBusiness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was — in the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to bo made a bon fire of as an empty tar barrel, with gun powder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete in a jiffy the work that tho flames might bo dolling with. 44 You do not inquire after Lady Mon son, Wilfrid," said J. Miss Jennings started And slared at me. 44 Why should 1 ? " he answered coldly and deliberately, producing his little tinder box, at which lie began to chip. 44 I'll venture to say she doesn't inquire after mc." 1 was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence tliat accompauied its delivery. 44 No, 1 fear not," said 1, much em barrassed. 44 As she only came on board yesterday — " 44 Well ? " he exclaimed, finding that I paused. 44 Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, 44 It just occurred to me you might havo forgotten tliat she was now one of us, journeying home." 44 Tut, tut ! " said he, waving his hand at me .but without turning" his head. 4 ' Laura, you are looking after her, my dear-? " 44 My maid sees that she has all she requires," answered the girl 44 She de- dines to have anything to say to me — to meet me — to hear of me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, 44 Can she hear us, do you think ? " 44 No," 1 exclaimed, 44 not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." He smoked leisurely whilst he kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on Miss Laura. 14 My cousin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent, 44 has on more than one occasion said to me, 4 Suppose you recover your wife what are you going to do with her ? ' I have recovered her and now I will tell you my intentions. Laura, you know I adored her." She in clined her head. 4 4 What term would you apply to a woman," he proceeded, 44 who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon ? who should desert the sweetest little infant "—I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes — 44 that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence — who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour ; who should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless?" his forefinger shot up with a jerk and his eyes glowed under the trembling of the lids. 44 What is the term you would apply to such a woman ? " he continued, now scowling and with an imperious note in his voice. 1 guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, 44 Why, mad of course." 44 Mad ! " he thundered violently, slap ping liis knee and breaking into a short, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as though he would take Miss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouth lie whispered, 44 She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. My first act then when wc reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind ! " He held liis finger to his lips, and in thai posture slowly leaned back in his chair again witli ;i face painful witli its smile of cunning and triumph. 1 saw that the girl was getting scared ; so without ado 1 dropped out of the bunk on to my feet. 44 An excellent scheme, Wilfrid," said I, 14 in fact the only thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'ye know the atmosphere here is just roasting. I'll take Miss Jen nings on deck for a turn, and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for anotheryani for half-an-hour before turning in." 44 All right," he exclaimed. 44 Laura looks as if she wonts some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to roe, will you, as you iiass through the cabin ? But mind, both of you — hush 1 Not a word, you understand ? " 44 Trust us," said I, and sick at heart I took Mifs Laura's hand and led her out of the cabin. As I closed the door she reeled and would hare fallen but for tlic arm 1 passed round her. 1 conducted her to a couch and procured a glass of water. The atmosphere here was com paratively cool with the evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. 44 It is terrible !" she exclaimed, pres sing her fingers to her eyes and shaking her head. 44 1 6liould fall crazy myself were I much with him. His sneers, his s miles, liis looks, the boyish air of his face, too ! The thought of liis miser, his injury, the irreparable wrong done him — poor Wilf, poor Wilf ! " Her tender heart gave way and she wept pitcously. When she was soniewliat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on deck. The dusk down to the horizon was clear and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of the ocean ruled the firmament. On high sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet ; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silver wake that lingered long on the eve and resembled a length of moon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a suft air. There were many shooting stars, loo, without the comct- likc grace of the meteoric flights; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visional hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing ; tho yacht was sailing with erect masts with a rhythmic swinging of tho hollows of her canvas tu the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like tho regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth come from the bows. Ail was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle apjia- rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. 44 Alas," said I, 44 the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns aud steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. 44 Wc were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Miss Laura, 44 on ourjiassage to England. It seemed a year. Even- body grew quarrelsome, and I behove there was a mutiny amongst the crew." 41 Oh, 1 hate the dead calm at sea ! " I cried. 44 Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, you will be hold a very storm of shooting stars. When 1 was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, took notice tliat whenever the sky shed meteors in any abundance a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. But who is that standing aft by the wheel there ? " My question was heard and answered. 44 It's me — Capt'n Finn, sir." 44 We're in for a c.ilrn, 1 fear, Finn." 44 1 fear so, sir;" he answered, slowly coming over to us. 44 Great pity, though. ) was calculating u>on the little bieezc to day lasting to uraw us out of this here belt. Thorn khooting stars, too, ain't wholesome. Some says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norrards, but not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. Monson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, sir? Han't secu him on deck all duv. 1 hope liis honour's pretty well ? " 44 Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to tho weather rail, somewhat forward, clear of the ears of the helmsman. 44 Captain," 6aid I, 44 my cousin's very bad, and 1 desire to talk to you about him." 44 Sorry to hear it, sir," he answered, in a voice of concern ; 44 the heat's atrying him, may be." 44 He refuses to leave his cahiu," said I, 44 and why, think you 1 Because he has cot it into his head that lie lias grown too broad 4 to pass through the door, or eren to squeeze through that hatch there." , 44 Gor bless me 3 " be exclaimed, 44 what notion to take on. And yet it ain't the I first time I've heard of such whixps. I was once shipmate with a man who believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen him atrying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they gets tliem tempera." 44 But don't you think, Captain Finn," said Miss Jennings, 44 that with some trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck ? If he could be induced to pass through his door he would find the liatch easy. Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notion leave him." 44 Won't he make the heffort, misB?" inquired Finn. I answered 44 No. He says that it would tear him to pieces to bo dragged through." 44 Then, sir," exclaimed the skipper with energy, 44 if he says it you may depend upon it he believes it, sir, and ff he believes it then I dorn't doubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the most dangerous tiling that could be tried. It's all the narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust a man open by acting upon liis imagination. Mr. Monson, sir, I'll tell'ee what once liappened to me. I had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves ; was pretty nigh all gone. I'd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my Bides over nothen at all. I took on a notion tliat I may lay wiolent hands on myself if the opportunity offered. It wasn't tliat I wanted to hurt myself, but that I was afeercd I icoidd, I recollect being in my little jwtrlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' the table knives we ate with. The thought of tnem knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to tlic door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Y'our honour, such wg.b the state of my narves tliat the agony of being dragged past tliat door would have been as bud as wrenching me in halves. So 1 got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore 1 had the courage to look into that parlour again." 4 My father knew a rich gentleman in Melbourne," said Miss Jennings, "who lost his mind. He believed that he hud been changed into a cat, and all day long he would sit beside a little crevice in the wainscot of his dining-room waiting for a mouse to appear." 4,But when it comes to imaginations of tliis kind," said I, 4to»e is never to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, my cousin may mend — 1 pray God he will d<> so and soon — " 44 Amen," quoth Finn in his deepest note — 44 mean while," I continued, "I am of opinion that he should be watched." 44 You think so, sir? " he exclaimed. 44 Why, man, consider where we are. Send your eve into that mighty distance," 1 erica, poiuting to the black junction, of scintillant gloom and tlic spread of ocean coming to us thence in ink. 44 Think of our loneliness here and the condition that a madman'6 act might reduce us to. Tliat is not all. Lady Monson, this young lady and her maid sleep close to his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must be watched, Finn." 44 1 agree with you, Eir," he answered thoughtfully, 44 but — but who's to have the ordering of it ? 44 Tain't for the likes of mc, sir — " he paused, then added, '4 He's master here ee know, sir." 44 I'll make myself responsible," I ex claimed ; 44 tlic trouble is to have him watched with the delicacy tliat shall defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should he put his head out of his berth or quit it — which he is not likely to do yet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Name me two or three of your trustiest seamen." 44 Why, sir, there's Cutbili, a first-class man ; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Grindling, that you may put your fullest confidence in." 44 Then," said J, 44 1 propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn and turn about. The stewards would have been fit peraons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself tliat he may command the passage where Sir "Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, accord ing as your watch comes round, will see that tho fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awake. Pray attend to this, Finn. I ain satisfied that it is a necessary measure." 44 1 shall have to tell old Jacob tbe truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he, 44 and also acquaint the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." 44 By all means," said I, 44 Fll stand your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangements. But see that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to conic out during the night and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." 44 Ay, ay, sir : that's to be managed with a little thinking," answered Finn, and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. 44 It is fortunate," 1 raid to Miss Jen nings, 44 that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a gue6t on board 1 question if Finn would do what I want." Wc fell to pacing the deck. Even as we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till here and there you'd catch 6ight of tho gleam of a star in some short fold of black swell running with a burnished brow. The dew to the fluttering of the canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pat tering sound of raindro|>s. 44 Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, 44 for a pair of paddle- wheels ! " We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of the dinner tablo spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how uiy very heart sickened to the topping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily melting out into black unglenming oil 3 We seated ourselves under the fanning spread of uiuinsail, talking uf Wilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little I found myself slowly sliding into a sentimental mood. My -companion's sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to the starlight, come very near into courting me into a confession of love. The heTmsmau was hidden from us, we seemed to bo floating alone upon the mighty siiadow tliat stretched around. A sense of inexpressible remoteness was inspired by tlic trembling of the lumi naries and the sharp shooting of- the silver meteors as though all the life of this vast hushed universe of gloom wore up there, and ere had cone to a _ pause upon the vciy rave of creation, with no other vitality in the misty oonfines save what the beating, of otir jjwt jntothenr. . On a sudden she started >ond isaid, 44 See ! there is my aiBterJ1- . The figure of Lady Monson xose, $ 1 and veiled, out of the companion hatch. She did not observe us, and approached the part <rf the deck where we were seated, courted haply by the deeper dye the siiadow of the mainsail put into the atmosphere about it. I was struck by the majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage as she advanced, taking the planks with a subtlety of movement that mode her form look to glide wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank with so clears suggestion of alarm in her manner that I took her hand and held it. Lady Monson drew close — so close without seeing ub that I believed she was walking in her sleep, but she caught sight of us then and instantly flung with an expres sible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side of the deck, which she paced, going afterwards to tbe rail and overhanging it, motionless as the quarter- boat that hung a little past her. 44 She frightens me!" whispered Laura; 44 ought I to join her? Oh, cruel, cruel, that she should hate me so bitterly for her own acts ! " 44 Why should you join her ? She does not want you. The heat has driven her on deck, and she wishes to muse and perhaps moralise over the colonel'sgrave. Why are you afraid of her ? " 44 Because 1 am a coward." Just then Finn came along. He went up to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he dis covered liis mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. 44 Nigh took the breath out of my body, sir," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper ; "actually thought it was your honour, so tall she be. Well. I've arranged every thing, sir, and a lookout '11 be established soon arter the cabin light's turned down." Laura suddenly rose and wished me good-night. I could sec tliat Lady Mon- sun's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain on deck, so 1 did net press her to stay, though 1 remember heartily wish ing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Liza Bobbins. She continued to hold her etirless posture at- the bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her contemp tuous and insolent maimer of turning from us I believe 1 Bhould have found spirit enough to attempt a converaation with her. It was not until four bells tliat she rose suddenly from her inclined atti tude as though BtartJed by the clear echoing chimes. Past her the sky was dimly reddening to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almoBt dreaui-likc flush, 1 perceived her toss up her veil and press her hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the companion and disappeared. Was it remorse work ing in her, or grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the thought of her child ? Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the black, vaporous-looking surface that oar keel was scarce now wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of a heart as dark as hers ! Half-an-hour later -I quitted the deck, and as I passed through the cabin nodded to Cutbili, who sat awkwardly and with a higlily embarrassed air with his hack upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins — a huge ' salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muscle. CHAPTER XXVII a DEAD calm, I was up and about a"£rcat deal during the night. It was not|only that the heat murdered sleep ; there was something so ominous in tlic profound stillness which fell upon our little ship tliat the mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving, a dull, incommunicable dread of approachable calamity. Of the dead calm at sea I was by no means ignorant ; in African and West Indian waters Iliad tasted of the delights of this species of stagnation over and over agaiu. One reabi, I remember, came very close to realising Coleridge's description, or rather the description tiiat the poet borrowed from the narrative of old Sir Ricliard Hawkins preserved in the foxed and faded pages of tho ltcv. Samuel Puruhas. The water looked to be. full of wriggling fiery creatures burning in a multitude of colours till tlic surface of the sea re sembled a vast, ghastly prism reflecting the lights of some hellish principality, deep sunk in the dark brine. But I never recollect the ocean until this night as with out some faint heave of $weli ; yet, after the weak draught of air3uid utterly died out, somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom as starless as the sur face of a summer lake. There was not the lightest movement io awaken an echo in her frame, to run a tremor through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dim mest clanking of its tiller chains. The effect of such a hush as this at sea is in describable. On shore, deep in 'the country, far distaut from all hum of life, the stillness of night ib a desired and familiar condition of Ani-fri-iAgy ; it soothes to rest ; whatever vexes it is a violence ; the sweeping of a galo through hissing and roaring trees, the thunder of wind in the chimney, the lashing of the windows with hail and rain, the red bolt of lightning to whose hue the bedroom glances in blood to tbe eye of its disturbed. occupant; all this brings with it an element of fear, of something unusual, out of keeping, out of nature almost. But at ees it is the other way about. 'Tis the dead calm that is unnatural. It is as though the mighty forces of heaven and .-ocean had por- ; tentously sucked in tkefr4raaxh in antiti- 1 pation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior fills his lungs to the full, and "then holds . his wind whilst he waits theory of chaige. I tried to sleep, but could .not,. and bearing one o'clodc struck on the fore- castle, dropped out of my bunk for ten miuutes of fresh air on deck. Cutbili sat with his bock against the table ; the small flame of the lamp that hung with out tho least vibration from- the cabin ceiling gleamed in the sweat-drops that coated 3ub faco as though oil had been thrown ujxm him. I said softly, pausing a moment to address him :"4< Awouder-, fully still night, Cutbili.1 44 Never remember the like of it, sir," lie answered in a whisper that had a vote of strangling in it, with his effort bo sub due liis natural tempestuous utterance. / g 44 Ailquiot aft? " ' V;-r:P 44 As a graveyard, air." -;2gSSi 44 In case Sir Wilfrid MtijaOTljhoaffij look out and see \ 1 1 BfgWCTBkgaaeamTril cg tiunr what jCutbilL ; jgoniricft that pjffis iqimnoufl deck. her Ii1" sieague- with the pitdi co the mmmSxmlhwMibstzate pillar ol iT k i f IT t Tnii m warping, for tiie inun- waictied ifc, ad rlovely point of n hmfr3mngaBed aa ateadfaativ. on a -fcMt'TLonpb it were fixed to an iron Sirarjhe wheel, iot to MiaiMBjiiiM Stflair3>Sliy Jinmnnr end would turljlitDe exchanged" a finding myself %:o I lay over with black aheet of dark, >gSg iairror>eiheatih. On a sudden jarieigh |Sut in the gloom. It pgmiiionie idoinbering giant had Pyh:Mlqaig.'deep. tremulous breath in 3fcjmjS«rtena" for it had sounded BfiliS!Tdo6ked along the obscure deck If. -fonooth, there was any raspiration could PMBjbo n note as that / In a moment of blackness sloKlyJuelt- feUSjflceaidye.of ink upon the indigo tiieWater with the faint flash of moou- WaoffAhB jound pf it A. gratopusl about We for 3Brototto<i«»e i6hoired, and the pro- seemed to float Rj?miga3iffrom4he stars like a sensible ®p®glA3rith one wide ripple from where Tfish had wunk, creeping like a Wte y&ctit;'eide and melting fei her shadow. BtotgjelflcB'Tepose lasted the night m@)$ltedjheh eai3yin the morning, KmStedbythe Tight of tiie newly risen i»the. deck, 1 found tiie BgpSlwTOied flsbui the top of a table, atiitty faluidi h&ra;, thickening the ocean line so pBSwfflbotfldSVee where tiie horizon Jngggge jmh "tinder the sun where tiie mj£ty wlute sparide in tiie jEfcl frgoflctioa. . It haffied g|WinameraiieWigKtio'dook into the M iWwiapft jMpMons and heavy it all xvas, here and there IgJalbeMi into mist, and all dose to, jnerif -the caLm past roSimure itff tialight and hues where wawB|dqr?ecmedto -end. tohai I asked him nujmdliqiquiethtiowin the cabin. i -jmswasd. "I've heard of jcontraiiT. - Her led ship MhliijSc'tiuring the middle watch MjHfiijSlMtjpf a'xnm with me." gfjeedltsead L . r>. ifeejearddnefnto & reglarclam. the, rail thinking I see a Wlvwafcvgr tiie moon as if a breath BmwuMm|mun;'hlong, and a woice wg t vour name f ' awSaMimSainvliar rhite to see iuoaLereyes -dike T> gaid l in' in. llfwraiwtflBigtejipniprder being w3EaismMm&? &. ggflbyrewpnt this weasel from blown to yellow inoxrs,' eays I, gjaMmmSiicgimpowda1 airit stowed aqiglMtis aviio'a agoing to do all ffliMiysiaiei jsol jist told her that Sir MmmM5eentookiTOrse,ii4tiiat the -wfarward that the cabin 'that/" £ ex- to Uoth er side of the pdwn arid ramaini an hour, enshe went Below -pmcy nigb streaming for smoothness (hough. Nothing pwamri%atnra iever tio whether its jwo tails, or a BSwyenagicinnTw said I, Mra|wwhandltorcbieff6rn strong gnaffiiday with a vengeance, >dong aubcosaon, I fear." blmib 3taement Quit may man, I sweet extant jt' [?] <fAhl" ho exclaimed languidly, "it is you, Chaties. . Vou prenmsod to sit with , ine awhile last night. k did, bide heat below was uiro endurable. It is no better .now v -The tAntfierire -df Vtifiabmi>imistiw pro- Sid l Joa menfc in the yacht. She is motionless, hlnrk it There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. We are afloat, of course ? " he said, suddenly looking at me. " I hope so," smd I. "Afloat? Why what do you suppose, Wilf ? That we've gone to the bottom ?" "It would be all one for me," he answered with a deep .sigh, and then applying himself to his pipe again with a sort of avidity that made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. He. clouded, the air with tobaoco smoke: and said: " I ara heartily weary of life 1 " "And why?" cried 1 : 41 because we are in a dead with the equator dose aboard. The very deep is rotting? A calm of this kind penetrates through the pores of the skin, enters the soul and creates a thirsty ycarningfor extinction. Being younger than you, wilf, I give my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like you, be weary of lifo and desire to die." "It is easily managed," said he. ' "Yes," cried I, startled, "no daubL But the weather may change, you know," and not at all relishing "his remark nor the looks that accompanied it I seized my hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of the tobacco amoke through the open porthole. "I am of opinion," said he, puffing and dropping bis words alternately witu the clouds he expelled whilst he kept his eyes fixed upon his watch, "that, spite of theaiguments of the divines, life is a free gift to us to be disposed of as we may decide. Nature is invariably com pensative. We are brought into this world without our knowledge and there fore, of course, without our consent, d'yo see, Charles," and here he rolled his eyea upon ine, " and by way of balancing tliis distracting obligation of compulsory be rag, nature says you may do what you like with existence ; keep it or part with it." "I Bay, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equi noctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. Don't speculate, my dear fellow ; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the puzzling distance un fold and determine itself to your approach It ia the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, who whistle as tiicy trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeax'ouring to see beyond the horizon toxvards xvhich : they are adx-ancing. Tell me noxv— -about this cabin door of yours. My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morn ing to enable you to pass through ; so come along on deck, will you, Wilfrid ? " " Damn it, liow blind you are! " he exclaimed. "No, I'm not," said I. "D'ye mean to say that you can't see what's happened to me since we last met? " 4 What now, Wilfrid ? " "What now?" lie shouted. "Why, man, I can't stand upright." " Why not ? " J asked. " Because I'm too tall for this cabin," lie answered in a voice of passion and grief. "Pray when did you find that out?" said I. "On rising to dress myself tliiB morn ing," he answered, "I was obliged to clothe myself in my bunk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't .even quit 1 my bed now, and everything I want must be handed tonic." ' Well, well! thought I; God mend him soon. Hot as it was, a chill ran through me to the crazy, wistful, despair ful look he directed at me, and I was oppressed for a moment with tlic same sickness of heart iliat had visited me during my interview with liim on the preceding day. " I had resolved to sell the Bride, " said he mournfully, putting liis pipe into a shelf at the back of him and folding 16 hands, which seemed to me to have jjrowa thin and white during Die past jew days, upon his breast, " but I shau't be able to do so now." I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," he added. "Nonsense V' I exclaimed. " But I eay yes /" he suddenly roared ; " how the devil else am I to get out of her 1 " "Oh, I see!" I answered soothingly, " I forgot that. But, Wilf, since you're too big to nee this cabin for the present only, or I am certain you will dwindle to your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant oonsiantiy with jfou, some one at hand sitting here to wait upon you ? " " Why, yes," said he, " no doubt of it. I am almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." "No, no," said L "Nor would the stewards make the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to be waited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter how rough thoir manners, agile, strong as horses with lively limbs, used to springing about. Oae or two such men are to be met forward amongst your crew. " "A good idea," he cried. "Gad! after my experiences of Muffin Fd rather be waited upon hy the tarriest of tarry tarpaulins than one of your sleek, soft- stepping, framed rogues who come and ask yon for n situation with an excellent character in one pocket from their late master, and in the other the contents of his dressing-case. Ha, ha, ha 1" and here He delivered one of his short roare of ! laughter. (To he continued.) 