I TSB QUARTERLIES FOR JULY. All the writers in the Quarterly Review says talton interesting subjects, and the number as a whole is an exceedingly good one. The article which will command most attention is that on " Penny Fiction " "We have," says the reviewer, " been ' educating our masters in the three B's for nearly 20 years, and some of us are beginning to ask, to what use they have put that painful train- ing in the rudiments which has cost the country so much solid money." The answer is not satisfactory. The boys are reading "penny dreadfuls," most of which are almost undisguisedly on the side of came One " Spring healed Jack, or The Terror of London," is thus described The "place," a coarse woodcut printed on tinted paper, represents a stage coach crowded with affrighted Cseagers, over whose heads springs the devil with us, hoofs, tail, and bat-like wings complete, The story is what might be expected-a tale of highwaymen. murderers, burglars, wicked noble men, and lovely and persecuted damsels, whose ph. steal charms and voluptuous embraces are dilated upon with exceeding Junction. It is almost needless to say that the highwaymen of the romance are not the sorry and sordid rogues we know them to have been in road life but always ' dashing," high-spirited and held " As a matter of course they all carry pistols, which they use with unerring skill, which never miss fire, and apparently never require reloading It is equally a matter of course that the enemies of these gallant fellows the constables, who, at the time of the story, which is left in uncertainty, but in presumably about the middle of the eighteenth century, are under the orders of a " commissioner "-are ugly, stupid, ill conditioned, and cowardly that it is a paternal government," under which things have reached such a pitch that a man may be fined, perhaps Imprisoned, for earning a pistol to protect himself, and that, in one word, all the officers of the law are "tyrants" and oppressors, whom it is the duty of " spirited lads " to resist to the uttermost in a paper on Twenty Years of Irish Home Rule in New York," an a parting picture is painted of the corruption of Irishmen living in that city, and the inference is drawn that it would be absurd to grant Home Rule to Ireland lost a like state of things should prevail. On the face of it the argument is a strong one, but we are not sure that there is much in it Poor and ignorant peasants coming fresh from the hills of Donegal and the bogs of Galway to a great city like New York would be absolutely without safeguards. They would be new to the vices and the temptations of a big city, they would have lost the guidance of their priests and they would have no feelings of patriotism to help them in their duties. An angle on Mesmerism and Hypnotism " is somewhat remarkable, because the writer swallows whole all the facts and most of the theories of the 1 rench hypnotists. He is, however, still incredulous about the healing powers of hypnotism. In fact the weakness of mesmerism, that which has caused it to come to grief so often, is its therapeutic inutility, just as its strength, that which has caused it always a to rise again lies in the result. of its phenomena. there are obvious difficulties in the way of its medical application There is the personal factor, a quite unknown quantity Every patient is not susceptible, and every doctor does not possess the power Then the results are very uncertain nearly everything that can be done can be done by other more certain means. Other effects are only temporary The dipsomaniac, or more phiao-runnlao who is cured by suggestion,' does not remain permanently cured, but has to come again and again to be hypnotized And in the state of the confirmed hypnotic very much better than that of the other? It is only exchanging one servitude for another. Lastly, the condition is not free from danger the danger of a disorganised nervous system and of an abandoned self-control Most thinking persons will hesitate before they run the risk of submitting themselves to an influence, which may end in the surrender of their free-will to another, the annihilation of their very identity. In one of those conclusions the French hypnotists will not agree They say that when dipsomaniac and other similar vices are cured by suggestion, the period during which the suggestion remains in force is doubled every time, so that the cure soon becomes permanent, Nor would they assent as to the dangers of hypnotic servitude On the contrary they say that with the disappearance of a nervous disease, the patient does his susceptibility to hypnotism. We do not say that they are right, but merely point out that the passage quoted is scarcely fair to them. The writer of a paper on "Shakespeare's Ghosts, Witches, and Famous" argues very solemnly and earnestly that Shakes point was scientifically correct in his descriptions, because ghosts and supernatural occurrences were both subjectively and objectively seen in Shakespeare's time whereas we see them objectively but know that we are only seeing them subjectively It may be so, but the question is hardly worth arguing about, There are two excellent reviews-one of Gustav Freytag s Reminiscences of the Emperor Frederick and the other of Mr John Morley's " Life of Sir Robert Walpole" and old Etonians will delight in a paper on Eton full of personal sketches and anecdotes. The political article in the Edinburgh He hero is entitled " The House of Commons Foiled." The writer, of course, means that the minority of the House has foiled the majority, and so far he is perfectly and obviously correct. But his remedies against obstruction are open to much questioning. Nobody even pretends that the present Speaker has abused his power of refusing to put the closure, and till he or any future Speaker abuses it, such a power must remain a valuable safeguard against the tyranny of the majority. "Marie Bashkirtseff" was a hysterical, self absorbed, and foolish girl, who killed herself by over excitement, but she was also an artist and a genius, and her journal is a curiosity of faithful introspection. There is an admirable and sympathetic and, above all, a kindly review of this journal in the present number of the Edinburgh. When Maria was 12 years old who fell in love with an English duke She learnt that he had a mistress, but decided in her own mind that the liaison was only ephemeral Then came the news that he was going to marry a lady of rank, and Marie wrote thus in her journal - I wish I had the talent of all the authors rolled into one to convey a just idea of my despair, of my wounded vanity, of my foiled hopes You laugh ' but perhaps some one may yet be found to when O God, have pity on me I protest that I do firmly believe in them, out a life like mine for a temper like mine 1 What words to be written by a child not yet in her teens Those who read the article in the Edinburgh will certainly be more inclined to weep " than to " laugh. ' There is a delicious article on Birds in Great Britain," in which the writer complains bitterly and not unjustly of the ignorance of gamekeepers, who destroy any bird which they imagine to be injurious to game. So much has been done within the last 10 years to elucidate the origin of symbol-writing that we welcome gladly a paper on " The origin of Alphabet," which is a scholarly of production, lucidly written, and containing abundance of curious information. Articles on " Religious Persecution in Russia," and on " The Campaign in the Soudan " are also well worth loading. The Historical Review is a storehouse of information for students of history. In the present number will be found articles on " The seven Liberal Arts," and on " The Decrees of the Roman Plebs '' The former should not be passed over by anybody who wants to understand medical education. The Scottish Review is an excellent number. We may especially commend articles on "Old Foods," on " Traces of a non-Aryan Element in the Celtic Family," and on " Oriental Myths and Christian Parallels." 