Novelist. A LIFE AT STAKE. By Mrs. HABEIET LEWIS, \- Author of " Thelfousi of Scads" " Vivian ihornt " The Heiress of Ertmonlf y . . » The false Helrf etc.ete. . OHAPTER L . v waToniHa uus clock. - tl Thalight of love, tho purity of grace, Tho mind, tbo music breathing from' her face"— Byboh. \- : -It was a dark: and moonless night, Tho trees around Eaonoourt— tho country bomo i of Btr Ailyn Dare— ruetlod their brauohes -restlessly in tho, wind, looking like tail ghosts 'communing .together; tbo marble. statues : and nrhs scattered over tho lawns and i.' throngh .the' gardens gleamed white and \- spectral throngh the gloom ; and tho stately v-'" maneIon ' iteelfthad an- nnxeal-appearanoe \- os it loomed op in the majesty of its propor 'tiona ogainBt tbo dark night-eky.. But a single light beamed from the broad windows of the dwelling, and that straggled \- . through tho partinj; between tbo heavy our ' -tains of aroomip.tho wcetern wing. I;-' ..Thio room was situated, on. tbo. ground floor, and, in addition to its wide windows, 1 r.siiu provided with . a glazed door, wbioh opened - into a small, ahrufabery, The furniture of the. room was simplo, aud io aladod sovoral tables, a few chairs, an amplo chintz oovorod oauob, heaped, high with pillowo, a email bronso olook, and sovoral antique vares. The 'floor ol polished oak, r akranged in a mosaio pattern, was covored in .tho-oentro by a handeomo Turkey carpot. . - ! Two - or- threo weU-fillcd book-csBcs were i ranged against the walls ; and ?the tables 'V:; werolittered with maps and charts, .wbioh bad ovldcntlybeen . nnder recent inspeotfon; > Hnsteady lines were faintly traced upon the ///;' .'maps, showing oircuitoue routes to out- of-tho- way plans, as if the perron who had marked '-hem bad been thinking of 86o)ifhg a biding place far away; from ordinary roates of ' : travel, or Indeed, from tho nsoal haunts of r, -. , .» . eivilised men. Afowooalswcro. bnroing 'steadily la the . . grate, giving ont a-faint boat, not unpleasant on that obiliy April night,, and from their . light, oombined with that of tho lamp born Inn on tho tablo, the many niotnres that ' ' adorned tho high, polished walls were ro vealed with mora or lere distinofheeB, Thcso pioturos wore of various schools of painting, i' " nnd many of lhem wdro from the hands of Yforid'tenowned mastcn, / biarpom- was tbs private apartmoht of jir AUyn'Dare, and, at tho moment ws look '.'A opon tbo Boeno, it was tcnantod by lho wealthy baronet himself. ; ' : Bo had been for hours, and was still, en (raged In walking, tho floor, wrapped . in - a' gloom far .-'''denser than that- without tho falling,' : . Bo was a tall man, and Boomed taller than was, booaase of bis thinness, Evory featare of his palo, tbin faco," Indicated tho fl' V bigh'bred gentlemen, and his rofloomont was . parent in hia looks and-dress, disordered >?/- 1: Bs was the latter.. Sooroely five-and-forty IV'.' /' 1 ears of ago) his soahty looks wore - white as . inoff and streamed over bis grey dressing " 'flfown, giving him an aged look, whioh was ' !hcinbtened by the .weary and oaro-worn oz i1"/ " meBsion of ' his.oonntehanoo. Ho was a ' aontio, aflcotionato man,- with an almost flonBtitutional- abhorrence of noise, con ' . jngion, or contention, a'nd.with a .singular : <1 ' - love of qnlsti made necessary to him by his : JXtieme nervousness;' ' no had been very different in his youth, friends wcro wont to eay, pityingly. Ho Sa0iffoyabcongontlQ, butthorchadbcena imo when that gontloncoa only tempered in ardent, sonl. In bin earlier yoara tie bad been gay and lull of spirit, iha 1" tlj0 cacftl oirolo, tbo !reaaenter of various places of amnso li.nt oondcmncil and forbidden tobim by hia Said porcot, tbo late Sir Ailyn, who had finked upon his wild ways with nbhorrcnoo, ' ind who bad moro than onco porcmptorily \- ' -limed to pay his' son's debts, ""oontraoted, l!rhZ, at tho gaming-table. -. . Pe«uf BH that was in tbo days when tho -n,-nl baronet was only Mr. Ailyn Daro— ' Kfnro tbo family titlo nnd wealth had bomo f libn 8f0B 0li eon 08 now» «int tbat cvory year, ovory month and every doy,sosmod to add a farrow to his forehead, of to deepen tho lines aboat bis CflAi bo'paced thorooin, hio hands foldod be i ?nd bis aoob, olasplng and unolasping them iJJn with a nervous motion, hlu faoo worked 8 s/li o poffOful agbation, bio gaw shifted ? --.iaolly. oodbobeid blsbwatUfreqncnlly ' i iia,on- ai leofiib bia oyes, thus wandering rest t «ir oTflr tho objects around him, reverted ! ii?e maps and cbatts on the table, and ho -theredtbem up dospalrlngly and 'thrust into a drawer, whllo bo murmured 1 ? Ill® asolosu to think of flight. Lot mo hrAftk my sworn word and tho evil will onroly ® pursuit, scandal, sbamo. ocoDy, canght his breath convnieivcly, i! walk'to and fro, and oontlnaed : . fight is madness. . I mnsl mdet the shook hero coon. It is tho night of tho last t of the fatal twenty-seoond I in all these years I bavo not seen him or heard from him. Bat 1 feel that he lives— . that bo is coming— that ha will soon be here , to claim too fnlfllmentof onrawfuloompaoU ; yet, there is a obance in my. favor, " He may ba dead. I pray thnl bo may lie. Ob, if it might prove so 1" < A wild Idok of bopo suddenly flashed across his gloomy face, as ligbtotng some times flashes across the darkest night, and he glanced at tho dock, and said : "Twenty minutes to eleven I Ihavo only JBhty minutes to wait, and then I shall either bo froo or doomed. I have looked for bim sines daybreak, and every- minute tbat has passed eiaco then without bringing bim has fed my hopes. I know bis bitter hatted and love of revenge, and. sorely, if . ho wero allvo he would have oomo to mo at the earliest hour of to-day. - Yes, ho must be dead." v- There was an exultant tone in bis voioo as he uttered the last word, but bis exultation was only momentary, end was succeeded by a deeper gloominess. He continued walking backward and for ward, watohlng the clock, -is its bands moved slowly over its face, starting at every sound, now and then pausing to listen, frequently looking from the - door, and still more frequently, bonding an anxious glance toward the interior of bis dwelling. Strugglo as be would to still bis agitation, and repress bis nervomuess, the return of -We despair beeama more and moro marked with every passing moment. " It I had bat died on that awfal night, ten years ago!" he groaned. "What torture have I not endured since then? If 1. bad bat braved bim then— but my weakness- has beoo my ruin I It Is now too late— too late I Hark! ' Tbat nolss 1 A horseman I" Ho sprang into a defensive attitude, having ibe look of a hunted animal at bay. Tho sound that had so alarmed him soon resolved itself into the murmur among the trees, or the 'rustling of branches against tbo casemont ; but bis fright did not sub aide Eleven o'clock," he whispered, bis limbs trembling, and bis face acqoiring a livid hue. "Only an hoar moro. Aeeordiog to tho compeer, if ho arrives after twelvo he cannot claim the bond. But bo will bo here. Ob; my child, my poor child, J could find it In my heart to ssortfloe joo to another sbrino than this— to death 1" And his trembling vofeo broko Into a quivering laugh that was pitiful to bear, it was so full of woo' and despair. Ifo checked tho laugh In tho midst of Its ulteraocc, wilhan apprehensive glioeo at a door on the opposite side of the room, and then, with a sadden impolso, he crossed tbo floor, opened the door, and stole softly into tbo adjoloing apartment. It differed greatly from his study, being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir. It was full ol light and warmth and color, Tbo long Frenoh windows wero trimmed with crimson, damask, and white laoo; the floor was covered with a ve!v;t medallion carpet: a flro glowed and flabed behind tbo polished bars of tho grate; and silken oononcs and cushions, pictures, msrblo statnottcs, shelves of rate poroolaln, carved bookossea filled with handsomely bound volotoes, and a host of elegant and oostly trifles abounded, giviog the room a rosy bomolike appearance, whioh was increased by the soft light, that shone through tbo globes o! tbo pendant ohandolior. Sir Ailyn advanood silently to a orimson oouob upon which a young girl lay sleeping and thon ho folded bis arms and stood be side hor, watching her with a yearning, des pairing gaze. -She was very -beontlfnl In her nn consciousness— as beautiful and bb lovely as an angel./. She lay in a graceful, oaroless attitude, hor tiny slippered feet peeping from beneath tho horn of her drcssing-robo, a bright soaxlet thawl thrown carelessly over her shoulders, and her hair flowing over her pillow. A smile was fluttering aoross her lips, showing that her pure sonl was visited with pleasant -dreams.. ' ' Sho was lido Daro, the only child ol tbo baronet. ./."How happy sbo is," mnrmnred the father, - looking at ber throogh a -mist of gathering tears. " Sho is always so, sleeping or waking, except when depresicd by her sympathy with mo, Bho is as paro ond In nooeot as a baby. Sho has never known a real grief. . "I! sho could only die beforo be oomos'to. wreok hor happiness, to mako her E ray for death I Bettor, a thousand times etier, would it have boon it yon had died In infanoy I . Oh, my ohlld I my dearest Ildol it makes mo shiver with dread, and my blood to ran oold when I think that yon have boon resorvod tor each a wretched xoto. as awaits yon I" . \- So earnest .whero his tones, so loud his words, that tho maiden stirred slightly at the eoand of bis voloy, and. then opened her eyes, and assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned bis pale, thin, wild-look ing faoo toward ber. 11 Para— oh, papa t " sbo said,' fa a low tooo .1 r ,n m ...... Ui JJIUU, f aiu /uu in — UC UQB /UU( U< VI gloom oomo back again . / \- Bho. arose, appro&ohed; him with a swiffc, gliding motion, led him gently - to a seat opon' tho oondh besids her, and then- drow bfshead to bor breast with a tender, protect log movomont,. and' as if sho would defend him from an eutiro.world . : That movement was a.rovolatlonih itself. It showed that her relations to tho'baronot woro less tboao of tho daughter, and moro of tho loving coaueQllor.-tho nnfalting friond, iho gontlo protcotor, 'and the guardian ongol, v: - - # If sbo had bcon beautiful in slcep, how muoh more beautiful was sho now that ovory feataro was iustlnot with awakened intellig ence, and the glow of lovo arid pity over spread them I Bho was delloato and Slight in framo, yet evidently , endowed with almost porfcot health, ; Her faoo was bowlldering in its lovalmoas, lighted up by a pair of radiant, xnagnotlo eyes, in whioh larked a Iboasandplo&eant; shadows,; vivified by a sweet, tender moutb, of which tho lips gloomed . Hko tho -nowly blossomed carnation; and mndo glorious fay the purity, sweotness, and spirit breathing from overy faultless feature. Her wbito dressing-gown fell abbot her slender figure in soft folds, its whiteness to lioved by tho vivid soarlct and long friugeq of her shawl; ami hor long, coil hair, an bouud, otrayed over ohouldore in rippling waves of brown, gleaming with gold. , It was easy to sco that, wbllo oho was gifted with tbo most exquisite delicaoy and rcflacment, bUo had yet a strength of Qharaetor.Buah as is found in low women. .This might, ho bcoauso hor father bad so long leaned upon hor, looking to her In bis frequent fits of torclblo despondence for com fort and .counsel, and depending upon her unfailing lovo and cheerfulness for relief, She was a warm- hearted, impulsive young maiden, as generous as the boo, quick to liko or difliko, yet, beoldos hor father, thcro was no ono in tho world whom sha really loved, "lido, my dear child," bo eafd, looking despairingly Into tho anxious faoo, "I am confident that you love mo eo devotedly tbat you would submit to any nacrlQco for my eako," His mannor co startled and alarmed hot that ebe was epeccbloeo, although sho olong oloscr to bim, tbrowlog bor arms about bis neok. " Oh, heavens," ho cxolaimcd,." to sco yon euffor, and know myeolf powerless to. aid or ooothoyou— . 116 could not boar to look longor npnn lho 'wondering, frightened girl, aud rusbed into biostudy, forbidding her to follow him. ' " Twentyflvo minutes to twolva I" ho or claimed, looking at tho clock, "Only 4wcntyfiYo. minotco moro, and— and— wo msy. to saved I Heaven grant, it ho yet lives, bis horse may fall under bim, mid so delay ; him, or be may miss hla way, or justico may overtako bim I", ; . Thus tho moments woro on. . Ho counted tbo lioks of the olook, bo ex amined bis watoh frequently, ho now and then opened tbo glazed door and peered into lbs darkness, and listoned for the sound-of in approach, ond it was curious to note how bismoods alternated between the wildest joy. and relief, and the blackest despair. ' Unnoticed by him lido stole Into tbo study, regardless of his prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind bad given way, and lhat ho would do himself an injury. Once or twies a feeling of numbness orept over tbo baronet, and bo was dead aliko to fear or bopo, and walked aboat as in a dream, but this. blessed obliviousness was bat momentary, and ho aroused from it to still, greatersoffering. The miontes slowly lessened Boon there remained but twenty, and thero melted to fifteen, and these to ten, . Again Sir Ailyn experienced c sudden flash of hops.' . His step quickened, his thin faco flashed, his eyes glowed, and hia spare figure began to shake off tbo bnrdon tinder wbioh it bad stooped for years, and to growereot and full of dignity. "Only ten minnto morel" bo eried, feverishly, bis tono. sc .bosky that lido scarcely recognised ft. "IIo most bo hero witbin ten miontes, or I shall bo free. from the bond forever I" BbakingoQtbo weakness that crept over bim,bornsbed ont Info tbo shrubbery and wandered aboat amoog the trees and bnabes, and listened, and exalted, and despaired, re turolog every few momenta to look at hla watch or the clock. \- Thus five minutes wero passed. His aoxlety then grew Insupportable. His figs trembled under bim, and ho grow too weak and exoited to eontiono hla walk, and so sack down upon his lounge, bis bands clasped, aod bis oyca fixed unwaveringly opon tho elook. His daughter, ollsntly and ooseen, drew nearer to bim, full of so awful dread, and stood at his eido. watching bim os closely os bo regarded tbo time-piece. Tho tickfogo of tbo clock seemed to grow slower, tbo seconds atmoet interminable periods, and the minutes were aseswhlch the time-piece seemed to find itself noablo to compass, One minute— two minutes passed, The lips of tho baronet qaivercd as they strovo to whisper a prayer, and the trembl ing of this thin body became an ague, wbilo bis senses reeled, and he beard nothing, saw nothing, save that bU distempered vision presented to bim a gigantic clock whose great hands told off tbo scoonds with ernol alownets, The third minnte tbui passed, Tbora remained bnt two moro before mid night, and Bis Aliyo aroused himself from bis brief trance, and listened and watched with all the Intenineca bo conld command o! bis nnstrnng neives. . "I hear nothing," bo gasped— "no foot steps — no horseman approaching I Tbo very wind seems dumb I It must faa— bo is dead I Hole dead I" He oallod anew all bis energies to tho task ol listening. Every tlok of tho olook seemod to say something to him in Intelligible language, now bidding bim to bopo— then asaorlDg bim mookingly that hops would not avail, And at last only ono minnte remained to Mm! Only ono minnte between him and free dom, and hope and. happiness 1 His nerves wero now strung to iheir nt moflttoDBion, his brain ccomed on fire, his whole framo seemed paralysed, bis bands bung listlessly frcm bio knees, and be lopked as if frozen Into that attltndo of terror and apprehension.' "Only one minnte moro I" . 1 Even as these words framed themselves upon his Hps, in tbo midst of tbat profound silence, while lido bent nearer to him, moro than over lrightonod and wondering, thero oamo, with on emphasis at onco startling and appalling— a oraebiog kuook opon the door. CHAPTER II, , A BODDEH XROAGEMBNT. , At an. earlier hoar of iffrvxmo' day on wbioh ooonrred tho fucnes detailed in tho, preoeding chapter, AllilQ offieo off one of tho narrow 'Londoir;streoto, was seated Jaoob Jasper, tbo money-broker. Tho dim light of the declining attornoon- entered feebly tbrongbrthodnsty wiodow. revealing the in, toribrot the office, with its soanty furoitnrd ola oonnter and two or three chairs, In tho window, proteoted outSldo by -a oloso networie of iron wire, were displayed heaps of gold coins, bank-notes of every nationality, and tbo.other.inoignia of a monoy-changer's trado. ''' This room; however, and Us arrange monts, indicatod only a small and oompara tlvely losignifibant part of tbo bnsfness. Boyond the offios was a dingy little parlor, so UMighted from without tbat the gaslight was always kept burning, throughout even the brightest days. It was lighted now, and tho fire burned dimly in tho erato. oastlna a feeble glow over the wton Brussels carpet ond.' the- blaok stuffed obaira and sofas. This wao tho, sanctum scuulortim of. the. es tablishment, and it wan bora tbat Jaepor carried on an extensive bnsinoss asa monoy lender and usurer. Many a eoion of a noble bouse ionnd. his "way . tu this room, and' many a reokloss young follow-had relin qoished witbin its .walls a luxurious future for tbo soke of present gain.- The money-lender presented all tbo woll. known obaraoterlstlos of tho loss noblo of bis raoo He had tbo satno ehrewd, (errotbyco, tho saino bawk-liko nosQ.tho same thin lips, bat bis complexion had.a peooliar tlngo that irresistibly reminded tho ssnsitivo ob server of gbonla .and .vampires, it was so doll, so dolorleiSf-so opaque. .- . - At tho uomont wo look-in Uf on bim bo', wae ODgagsd fn loBpcoting a . lodger, whioh bad juet been Bnbmilted to him by his boolx-. koopor, a man considerably younger than' himself, of tho same nationality, and ovi deatly a near, relation, judging by the strong rosomblanoe between them. . " Very well,M was bis comment, as be at length flnishod hia Investigation. /"Thero sro two boura more before it's tfmo to-shot,, op, and yon ean employ. yourself on tbo TrosBUIian aoconnts. Tbo old lord bas been dead & month, ond I hear that tho yoaug lord has jast oomo bnok to England. Ho won't flndhimsolf sorioh as ho oxpebts, I think," And ho chuckled aa if tho fuougbt waa ploaeant to him. " You know wboro lo find tbo papors, nephow ?" Tho book-boopor asBontcd and wont into tho parlor, in ono corner of wbioh was a largo flro-proofaafo, in wbioh was deposited tbo usurer's moot valuable papers, and a goodly. etorb of. ready money. Unlocking tho ponderous, door, no floURht among tbo tho oarofuiiy lottored boxes for tho required papors, found thorn, scoured tho eamond. then returned to tho offieo and engaged la his task. ' : Tho usurer gavo bim soino few dircotions. then testod hie olbows.on the oonnter ana leaned bis obin on hla hands, giving himself ap to speculations that deepened tho look of sbrewdocss in bis bcod-llko eyes and pro duced a satisfied expression about his mouth;. w For on hour'or moro tho mo&oylcndar; re- mainod silent and Qbstraotcd, wbllo tbo booy saratcbing of tho book-keeper's pen and tbo ooenelonal rootling of bis papers continued to bo heard within tho offieo, and from with out oamo tho Bonnd of tho steady tramping of pasoors-by, tbo rolling of wheels, and tho usual utroot bustle— nono of wbfob disturbed In tho leaat.tba thooRhtfulnees of Jaoob. Jas per, nor tho labors, of liis nephow. But at length tho former started up with an cxolamotlon at tho eaely approaob of evon'no and iho nnplcacantness of tho weather, and proceeded to light the Rao) Ho had rcarcely oooompliihcd tbo task when 'tbo strcot door opened, anda yoong gentleman hurriedly entered tho office. Youiaroin, Jasper?" bo exclaimed, with an air of relief. "You wore out this morn ing when I called, and I feared I should not find yon this evoniag. Can I see yon alono for a few moments 1" " Certainly,, Sir Hagfa," responded the nvurer, rather coldly. "Be bind enough to oomo into the parlor," The yooog genllomaD aocepted tbo Invi tation, passing into tbo back room in ad vanoo of Jasper, as if the way were well known to him, Tho monoy-leoder followed moro slowly, closed tbo door behind them, and turned on; tbs gas light to a greater brightness; then tationed bimeelf with bis baek to the firv. Tho visitor flung himself into a chair, and seemed at a loss bow to begin his errand. He was a noble-looking yooog fellow, scarcely three and twenty, tall and atblotio, with brdad sbonlders, and a handsomely de veloped figure. His complexion was almost as fair ond delicate as a girl's. His forehead, waa wide and moderately high, and above it waved sarelesilya profusion of light brown hair. His eyes were os blue as forget-me- nots, and thcro was on amount of tender ness in' them and about tho mobile month that was sadly contrasted with tbo wild ond re'oklesB expression of bis countenance. ' , lie was Sir Hugh OhelUs, tns represents thfty of an old dqu proud Welsh family. On bifl'ooming of ago. two years previous. to the 'opening dato of our etory, be bad found himself tbo poseesior of tbo famity title and a resprctcblo rent-roll, in addition to a handsomobank account. Tired of bfs quiet borne, and desirous of seeing something of tbo world, aa ho phxaisd it, ba bad oomo np to London- joined a elhb, and surrounded blmsetf with a hott of gay oompsnlocs, many of them 'as Ignorant of tbs world as bimeelf, bnt the larger number of them wero of that olass who prey opon their richer neighbor, His sxtravsgsnees became un bounded. Ilo indutged in Sjbaritio snter- tainments, purchased a stnd orblood hones tbat would not have done dieoredit to a prince, entirely supported for a time half a dozen of bis new friends; and. In const qutnes, bis bank aceoont melted into no thing, his ineomo wss insufficient for his manifold wants, and bo bad at last been obliged to bavo frequent recourse to tbs usurer whom we have introduced lo the reader ' I suppose, Sir Hogh," said tbo nearer, as tbo yonog baronet's hesitation still eon tinued, after the lapse of a few moments, 11 that yoo hare como for a farther loan 1" "Yes, thai Is ill" responded Sir Hngb, with an attempt at carelessness, yet with plainly perceptlblo anxiety. "I celled last week, yon know, and yon promised to sea bout the loan today. Can yoa let mo have It?" "Let me see," ealdlbe nearer, reflectively; " yon want— how mnoh ?" " Two thousand poands." " Two thousand pooode 1 Why. last week yon said oos thousand, Bit Hngb." "1 know it, bnt every day since then has increased my needs, An army of bills has poored in, some of them so pressing that I hardly daro leave thshonsolestl should be arrested. The Jaat bono I bonght — High flyer, yoa know— died on my bands tbo otbfer day, and the dealer deelaros be most have his pay for bim immediately. There's a dead loss of three hundred pounds. X am in a great strait, Jasper, and I shan't mind tbo amount of interest— only I must havo tho money." . Tha young baronet spoke earnestly and vohemently, and the nearer compressed hia, lips and assumed an .air of deeper thought- fnlnses.- /:. /; - "The money-market is tight jnst now, Sir Hngb," ho began; " So yon always say, Jasper," interrupted the baronet, impatlontly. ; ".Let as - como to hnfllncfls at onco.", . , . ' Well then; Sir Hngb) to oomo to bnsi noBB, 1 don't aco bow l ean oblige yon. . Yoa want a largo earn, a vory large sam, oon- sidering bow mneb yoa owo mo already. -To lend yoa any more would bo to oxpoae my self to eertaln.daDgore.of . loso, and thst of oonrBO' is - oat of tha'rqaestion," and tho monoy-lsnder tried to smile. " Yoa are 1W ipg-ftt-jfo awfal. rate, Sir Hugh, for a young man Why don't you eat short yoar oxpeoses jomai iurg V "I did not como herTtorcoolvmo, Jasper, V returned tbo yonng baronot,vvZtp? had ovidentiy not relinquished all bopo. of obtaining whai ho sought, and who: there fore repressed: his haughty distaste for bis words,'-. ' - "Truo, Sir Hngb," said tho money-lender, bat yoo know 1 the borrower Is servant to bim- that lendetb/ V heagafa smiled. : " I am looking ont for-my own interests now. You ought to rotroDoh— sell oil your horses and things---" " If 1'wSro to coll them all I should not got nearly-e&onghto; paymy debts," replied tbo yonng baronot, gloomily. ' ? I am sometimes Inolinod," ho added, speaking moro to him self than tbo.aenrer, ."to go homo to Hawk's Nest, and s&ttlo; down to: a hum-dram life, X am - almost weary of this sort of exlstsnee. . "It WQUld ba tbs bent tMncf In ffiA .wnvM yoa oould do," dcolared tho usurer, doliber atoly. " It you would go homo and economise yoa might rotriovo yoar misiokes, and pat yoar property wtiero / it was two. years ago— tbongb, of coarse, tbat le . nothing to -me"."> ; , " I snpposonot," and Sir Hugh's tone was ellgbtly ironical. "But X oao'l go withoat the moosy, Jaoob Jaspor.; loan's leave all my debts behind me, you know. Granting that myr creditors would lot me leave town, my name would -bo- bandied aboat in a way' that I eonld' novor onduxo. : Of eonrso yod ware not - serious lo rcfdslng: me tho loan. Think how mnoh money -I bavo paid yoo for interest——1 " " And thinkot what yon owe mo at present,' Sir Hugh. . Think: how yoa aro ruaning throagb Vonr property, and bow.- soon you will bo a Dogear." ; iBlr flo'gh started, on angry flash kindled on his fairohcoks, and bo wasabout to utter ajbougbty responsp, when bis faoo snddonly paled, and bo covered bis faoo with bis bands. ; Tho usurer's wordshadstraokhomo 1 ' Ho, had never thought of bis folly and ex- tjtftvagaaoo. aa he had dona that day, when Alternating botweon hopoe- nod fears as to tha rosolt of bis proposed fnterviow with tbo In -hia oxtromity ho had applied to bis gay friendo for a loan of tho monoy ho required, and, to hia astonishment, not ono of them bad grantod bis request, not ono of thorn bad liotened to hia story of em barrassment, into whioh they bad helped to plunge bim, not with ovon frioodly sym pathy. Thcro was nothing moro to bo gained from bim, and do they had loft him to his fate. - Thcro was, therefore, andor this mask of oarolptfoncss during bis intexvlow with tho usurer, a disgnsi of the world, a leeklosa hatred of mankind, and a . feollog of b'opelesinc'es that was akin to .de spair. "Well," bo said at last, UfUng his bead, ' yoa won't loso anything . by mo, Jaspor— yoo'vo taken ears of tbat. As to ,th!s loan, It will - bo safe enough. There aro ay expectations, you know— . " From whom, Bit Hugh I" quietly inquired the monoy-lcnder. " Why, from my groat aunt, Miss Ohollfa. Bha Is eighty years old, end can't last mneb longer," and the 'young baronet's cheeks .fiusbed-with eadden sbamo at his own words and thought. " Bbo Is immensely xlob, yon know; Jasper." bo- added, moro Itnrriealy. "Her godmolbor left lier & splendid fortune, and it's euro to como to mo," , - ' . "Not. quite so ears. Sir IlnRh," replied tho usurer, "The truth is," nnd he changed hla position fa ordes to get o bottsr view of bis tisitor's face, " I ssked for a Iittlo delay last week about this loan in order to find out yourstandiog with Mies Ohellle. I cent a man down to Hawk's Nest " . "You did! Well?" . " He mado a fow inquiries in a quiet way, and discovered that MisS Obcllis bad heard of your goiogs-on in London, and waa very angry about thorn, aod aboat yoor not hav ing been to see ber for a year. Bbo has. de clared ber intention to Icavo all' she has to foand amission, or some snob thing, and, as near as my man eoold find-oof, her now will is made, leaving you only enough to buy yon a mourning ring." Tbo yonog baronet's blao eyes shone with a wild fight, and bfBpalo faoo deepened in its expression of reoklessness. Ho strovo to - conceal tbo wound ho bad received, but bis aodden trembling betrayed bim. . " Then it rooms I am ruined," bo said, after a panae, trying to laugh, bot failing lamentably. " Well, I am not tbo first who bas' been rained, Jasper, or bas learned the fact in this room of yours. Rained 1" . Tho.monej-Icndezwas too aeeuetomed to witness tbo despair of his visitors to par- tlcnlarly faeed that of Sir Hugh, So, in a bnsinoss tone, ho said : "Thcro is one way to got oat of yoar trouble, Sir Hogh, and only one tbat l oan see, Yon ought to marry a rich wife." "Rich wives generally require riob hus bands," returned Sir Hogb, with a wild Jaagh."' "8o yoa utterly deollno tbo loan, Jasper 1" . "Utterly, Sir Hngb," was the firm reply, "1 can't lead yoa n shilling moro, end yon won't find a broker fn tbo oity who will ac cept any teourity yon may cffcr. Our bosi- nesslacoocludcd, I enpposo?" ' Aoocptiog tbs blot, the yonng baronet arose and endeavored to assume a nooobalant air, although his step was almost tottering ai ha moved toward tbo door. Ho mado oomo slight remark, icareely coneeions of what he raid, bade the money lender good evening, and passed out through the offieo, shrinking with painful sensi tiveness from tho glance of tho book ktertr. IIo did not breathe freely nntil be had gained tho street. And then bo paneed by tho window to ro- cover his ostmneis and comprehend bis situatloo. His wild gaze fell upon tbs pile of wealth behind its eeenro iron grating, and he thought feverishly of how much gcod that money would do him, and bowmuoh bo had rqoaodored in tbiogs that wero worio than useless. "Ob, If I eonld only livo it all over again I" be murmured. "No money, no friends, no bopo I 1 am Indeed bankrupt! Rained— tainod— — " Hepaosed aa his now wftaderiog gaze felt upon a delicate, womanly flgoro standing near him, Ho saw that tho face was veiled, and tbat it wan turned toward tho display fn tho window, hat ho was also awaro tbnt un less she wos deaf, she must bavo beard hla word. Without faestowiog another glance npon her, he turned and strode down the street. IIo bad proceeded bnt a short distance when ho beoamo eootcious that tbo womaa was following him, that at one moment she wan at blsBido, scanning his faoo from behind ber thlok veil, and at tho next sho bad fallen behind' him, as though overeomo with timidity, - Annoyed attbeinoident, BirHagh stopped abruptly in a qniot and retired part of tho street, upofi tho side least . traversed, and tamed npon bis follower, exclaiming : " Do yon wish to speak to mo, 'madam t" Tho voilcd . figure seemed to shrink within itself at this demand ; bnt, after a. brief hesi tation, a timid, hurtled, but musical voioo, said : " I— I beg your pardon, sir— but are yon married f" 'Sir Hugh stared at the woman on bearing this singular question j but he was too thoroughly 'depressed to .long indulge in bfs feeling of surprise. " No, I am not- married, thank Heavon I" ho oxclaimod) with his UBUalreoklcsetieBo. 11 Aro you engaged to bo married fV persist ted the qucslionor, her voioo fluttering with increasing timidity, \- Makiog up bis mind that bis singular ao quaintaneo bad received an injury at soma, period to her intellootual faoaltios, Sir Hngb' replied "No, madam; I am not ovon engaged to be'married." " Yod will thlnk'my eonduet very strango," said the flattering voioo, "and I am afraid it Yon have a good faoo, a kind fao0,fcaodw< Afs ovidentiy a ' gentloman) Yos, X will Iri&jkvn.u;" and. iho voioo grow stronger and mo'roiriiiod. " X hoard what yon. said to yonrselPfctthe 'window yonder, and I conclude yon nro itr-tnw-Ajri money,"-' . .. . ";In groaf need of -monoy, madatn," ro« tamed tbo young baronot, t doterminod to hnmor tbo supposed lanatiosimply.bcoaneo hor singular behavior and words diverted his mind from himself, "Ihavo ran through a fine property,' as a partloular friend of mino has jast informed mo, and I am about to dovoto a Iittlo timo to tho ooo'sideration of tbo best means of 'ridding myself . of an exietence whIoh" "Is it so bad as that?" asked the veiled lady, a thrill of bops and joy running IU1UUUU »»U» IWIV.H, II U/ UU fuu UUI xuuccjr a riob wifo ?" 1 - " Bccaaso, madam, 'riob' wives aro not to bo bad for the wishing ; boeldcs; a lady might vary naturally objoot to' marry a poor man, and then pay off hia debts," " Yes, bot if o rich lady would do flol" .. . "I would marry her at onoo," deolared Sir Hngb, in as tone of ioxaggorated polito ness. . v ' f "I -bavo Q.propoaltlon to mako to you," said tbo lady; with gathering , agitation, "Bnt first— -your name f!' Sir Hugh Ohollis/'- . v. . Tbo vcilcd lady started on boating tbo name, and said, hurriedly: ' vr "My proposition is this: Circumstances domsnd that I.ihall bo married boforo throo7 days mora olapse. I bavo no suitors, and I sm obllgcd to seleoft a husband for -myself) unmaidenly aa ouoh o coorao may ecora. I am wealthy and would 'bestow upon you at tho altar ten thousand pounds, with forty thousand ' pounds, additional three "days henoo. Will yon marry mo?" v. v ; To say that Sir Hngb was astonisbod.at thin proposUfon would be to understate hla' omotlon. Ho was amazed ; all tbo moro so. booanso there was a calmness and'eolleoted ness of mannor about tbo veiled lady that pat to flight bis hastily aosooivod idea that sho was insano. ' "Our marriage would be but a marriage in namo, " continued tho lady, anxiouoly, "Wo should separata at tho altar, and. novcrlootrupon caoh othor'o faco again. I should mako that my first stipulation. Do you consent?" "Really, this. Is euoh nn unprecedented affair 1" said tho bowildcrad baronet. " I know nothing about you, .madam ; nnd, pardon mo, tho ladles of ournamo havo al ways been— y "Ladies of position, you would say," re marked tho. veiled lady ns ho found hims'olf unablo to finish tbo sentence. " I don't doubt ft; but I am not loss oo than thsy." ' Bheepoko with saob a proaa accent tbsf It' carried oonviotloa into tbo soul of Bit Hugb. / "I suppose, thon," ho said, awkwardly, " yoa aro vory nglyf" "You shall sco for yoursolf," wa® her re sponse. Thoy woro otanding not far distant from a gas lamp, and sho suddenly flong back bor voU and rovcalcd ber faoo to bitn. (- Bir Hugh . uttered an exolamation or as- tonlflhmont. . , For sho-was marvellously bcanti/ol, with oyes of midnight . blaokooss, btaok hair,- a matbleIiko oompIoxIon, a dolicato aquillno nocc, and with alovejy tondor month. Tkero waa nothing but parity and good ness, oxcopt melancholy, expressed in that charming face, and lookiog at her, ovon the inexpsrloooed Sir Hogh felt that ho could havo sworn to her innoeence and worthiness to become bis bride.. Bho drew down her veil beforo bo had timo to fix even. ono feature in hie mind, and said: "Think, Sir Hugh, you Bhould have fifty thouinnd pounds— ten thousand before oar marriage. Wo should novcr meet egain od earth, and I would even never consent to bear yonr. namo. All that I aak, tbcreforo, would bo tbat you should meet mo to mor row morning at. St. Mary's Church, near hoes, going thero alono,, with aapooial licenro, when wo oould bo married, acd go our SBparato ways. Do you consent ?" Sir Hugh hesitated but a momont. This unprecedented o£f?r seemed to bim a direct. Interposition from heaven in his favor, and ho accepted it as ouob. Ho informed tho veiled lady tbat bo consented to ber terms, sworo to obrervo them falthfally, and de clared that ho ehonld not fail to keep tbo ap pointment. Ho bad scarcely finished when tbo unknown disappeared in tbo deepening gloom, and bo eontiooed hia routo homo- ward, his senses in a whir), and only half oonsciona that bo w&o; engaged to marry In a few hoars a woman ho- had noverBcen be fore, whose named bo did not know, and whose-beiog wan wrapped in impenetrable myetory. CHAPTER III. A iJniunRAnLE nniD.il-. ' : Near tho heart of tho busy oily# standing in a retired and narrow street, was the little oharoh indicated by tho mysterious lady who had offered so strangrly to become the wifo of Sir Hngh Chellit. It was overshadowed by tall building on every side, ond was but an bumble-looking Iittlo edifioe, thongh the Urns bad been when tho mailing of silk had been heard in Its aisles ; prosperous trades men, with their portly wives nnd largo fami lies had filled tbs great high-hacked pews, and the lofty old-fashioned doublo pnlplt had been occupied by a popularyonogelcrgymsn. A deaf old euratooflleiaUd thero now, ond his oongrcgttion consisted of tho &operannnated; pew opeosr, and a few old peoplo who had worshipped between its gray walls in their youth, and who would not give op the time- honored praotico now. Upon the morniog subsequent to tho cocoes detailed in the preceding obnpter tho door of tho ehurrh stood slightly njar, and thero was a faint eoand from within of sweeping and dusting. Tho old pow-oprner, with a look of pleasant interest on her prim faco, moved about polishing tho chanccl railing, brushing tho worn carpet, and en deavoring to put a better face on everything. At length all waa finished to her liking, the dostera and bruihce concealed in a seldom- uicd pew, and she icntcd bertelf opon tbo pnlplt stops and looked expectantly toward tho door, " It's along, long timo sicca there's been a wedding here," sho muttered. " I novor was so took abaok In my lifo as when tbo'band somo yonng gentleman camo to mo this morning and told me to open the oburob and ba secret as death about it. Ho cave mo a guinea, too, to keep the scoret, beoaneo ho didn't wont any strangers In hero. Well, things do happen curious sometimes." It was already past niuo; tbo oaratonow mado bis appearanos, and expressed bia sur prise tbat tho yonog conplo whom bo had been summoned to unito at tbat boar bad not arrived, Ho then paused into the vestry, followed by his olerk— a man mnoh older than himself. It was near ten when Sir Hogh Obellis stolo into tbo ditri aisle, bis attlro a aort of oompromieo between tho ordinary street dross and bridal Garments. Ho woro a blaok frook coat, but . a wbito walataoat and gloves. Tbo latter ho drow on after entering, tbo edifice.' ' He looked rolioved to find that bis bride was not awaiting him, and said something to tho old woman to tho effeot that ho had somo' diffioolty and delay ' in procuring a special liocneo, hnff that everything waa now In readiness oo far as ho was aoaoeraod. His. faoo was palo, and tbo usually reokloss expression of his features occasionally gavo placotoo look of oxtremo sorlonsnosi and gravity. Ho had began to think of tbo strango adventuro bo hod entered npon, bnt bohaddcoldodtopnrsnoittdthoend/ - His' affairs within tbo lost twolva hoars badasaumod an aspeot of desperation. He bad returned to bin ohamborsio a ktod ofmazo on tho preceding evening, bnt bad been nroqsod from it on'discovoring o pilo of bills which awaited him. Ilo glanccd them over, wearily, noted the threatening tono of bis creditors,, and congratulated himself npon the mysterious good fortane awaiting bim on tho morrow. And then it snddonly ooonrred to!bim that Jie would probably fail in proen'ring a' speaial,' UkKiso onlcBB ho wero ablo. to give tho namo of bikxatondod brido. For onTusar or two ho pondered over this dilemma, buWho samo idea had ovidentiy ooonrred to thobb£ofno of his advontnro, for tho poBtmanron hlflHapt round, bronghtblm two lettora, one of wbiohro tbo oity mark, and wao.from thomyBterloff'Jdy, Sir Hugh examined Iho mleemkparioasly boforo opening It.. Tbo poatmatlibpwed that it had been posted at the otatfon noare to the ptaoo whero tboy had mot; thought. ''Bho atfippcd lnto a'atationcr'aon her way homo. . Tho appoaranas of tho letter, though, affords no oluo to bor Idsutity," ' He oponod the envalope and hantenod to read tbo Inoloned noto. Itwas brief, written in a olcar, dollaato hand; ovidontly dfegaiaed, ond read as follows:! " Sir Hnoff-rl forgot that my namo might bo ncofessary ln proenring tho lioensc, I am Adah Holto," . ; , ; .."Is sho; indeed f" Sir Hngh romarkod, ironically) tbo namo buinghUcriy strango to bia earn. " lam happy to know it, howovor. Bho might bavo had a wurso 'name. ' Now lot mo sco who is my other correspondent." v Tho second letter was dated at Hawk's Nest, and faoro tbo signature of' Dorothy Oheilis, bis . great-anut. - After ; tho- .com-, municatlon mado to bim by tha dearer, Srr- Hngh was. not surprised at, the contente d!; tbo oplstla.' First bis kinnwoman roproaobed' bim for being a'Bpehdtbrifl,and ddfegraeoto bis anolont and honorablo namo, and then informed bim that. ho, tioed no longer oon- alder bimeelf hor heir, oa eho had 'mado an other will, leaving her fortnno tt> found a now African mission.' ; ; This ' loiter, worked; np tbo mind of. the young man to a.wildor rookleesneBs than bo had over boforo ovinocd. This enpportod him throughout the preparations' necessary for his intended marriage, ontho following motniug, and did not once dcaort him until ho uad ontorod tho Iittlo oharoh; Thoro tho dim light or tbo sepulchral air partly sobered him, but ha had no wish to retreat from his compaot with tho unknown. Gia oid lifo, fall ol faloo friondnhips, debts, and atintcd roooarccfl, oould not tompt blm to break his faith with her. Ho eaid to him- oolf, lot hor ba who and what aho would, ebo offered him a fortuno whioh ho would bo foolish not to aecept. Ho turned from tbo old pow-oponor and walked ap'and down tho narrow ,'afaloo. be tween tho rows ot h!gh:baokod powa, ap parently cogogcd'Iu oxamlnrag the quaint windows with their tiny. p&nea; of etaioed glafltf, aod pausing now and then boforo a memorial window, wbioh was the prido ond delight ol tho old woman's heart. But ho woo not thinking of tho art of glaes-stalnlng, nor admlring-tha memorial window. Ho was trying to cvada a thought that would intrudo itself opon Ills rolnd— a doubt of tho lady who sought to bcoomo uio Driuo. . Forhapa oho bad dono como wrong, and sought to hido hor identity under hla name. Bnt no, that oould not bo, ao sbo had offered novcr to coll herself by tho namo his mother bad borne. Perhaps oho was & criminal,' an adventurers— but no, her faco waa too puro ond innocent to allow. of. etioh.cuepi- cions.— To be eoniinucd.) - , 