"THE SKETCIEH" To Goondiwindi by the mail. A JOURNEY THROUGH THE FLOODS. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] (Concluded.) I climbed wearily up the slope and made for a white stump on the roadside, where I sat down, too tired to think much of the fact that I was up to the ankles in liquid mud—almost too tired to think of the oup of hot tea to which I had looked forward to lovingly two hours ago. I looked round on the weary waate. Everything was a dirty gray-brown colour; mud, even in the moonlight it was unmis takable mud, and tuch a smell! Ye gods ! Bris bane on a hot summer evening was a fool to it. It finished me—■truck me prostrate in a man ner, and rendered me unable to do anything but sit still on my stamp. Presently Iwm aware of a movement at my feet, and behold a long, black, slender thing wriggling slowly op my stump. I didn't remonstrate, though I might have done so; bat I thought it was not gentlemanly of that snake. He had the whole bush, so to speak, for miles. Why seleot my particular stump? Then it struck me I might be sitting on his snakeship's residence, and my politeness urged to me to move. Bat no I I couldn't do it; »o there I sat and watohed him. He wriggled about slowly, but it was unmis takable, hit intention to oome all the way. He slid up the stomp and hung himself over a branch and sunreyed me. I have heard nothing so tends to, mollify a snake as to sit perfectly still and look amiable. I did so. He took me in slowly; totted me up, and considered I amounted to no hing; for he dropped silently into the mud again and departed into the infinite. I was deeply grateful to him. It was my first personal interview with a snake of any kind, and I had begun to fear perhaps that I was not behaving properly. But he was kind enough to overlook my ignorance; lam very grateful. By this time the coaoh had been in some mysterious manner run up the bank, and I saw Jack looking around for his passenger. He caught sight of me and strode over, followed by Bill with the coach, and the dripping gamins. I olimbed painfully on to my perch again, and we ploughed along through Inglewood towards the hotel. All the houses bore traces of ill usage ; the flood had swept one this way and another that. Piles of furniture, heaps of bed clothing, and kitchen utensils littered about in every spot which stood a little higher than the rest; while hese and there a pannikin or a basket slung on the bough of a tree showed that some distrustful mortals had declined to trust in Providence and climbed a tree to watch the inundation. We stopped at length at a long low building on the bank of a creek. The fenoing had been swept away, leaving the gate standing. Bat we did not trouble to open it. The usual deputation of men rushed out in astonishment to meet us. The idea of a coaoh from Warwick seemed almost too incredible, and I notioed the first inquiry was, " Have you brought anything to eat ?" Jack grinned and produced a parcel wrapped in a piece of canvas. "Leg of mutton," he ex plained, and proceeded to lift me down. I was received by a weary-looking woman, who lamented all the while she was moving about the destruction of her household gods. " Every thing ruined," she mourned, hugging her baby closely; " everything spoiled, and wo made to run for our lives. Such a flood was never known; floods we have had—many a one, but who'd a' thought that ever any flood would have been that high in Lake's Hotel ?" And she pointed to the mark of the muddy water on the canvas-covered walls. " I can't give you a bed, Miss," she went on; " but I'll give you a few pillows and a blanket. My mat tresses are all gone; bad to throw 'em away; and the beds are all oovered with mud. Can you eat damper ?" I didn't think I oould; too tired! "Well, we've nothing else, but I'll try and get a oup of milk." She presently returned with a oup of cold milk, saying the men were trying to light a fire, but the Btioks were damp, and it would be some time before they succeeded. I carted my pil lows on to the table, not liking the prospect of a night on the muddy Hoor, arranged ray cushion and rug, and fell a3loep instantly. In the morning the weary woman with the baby aroused me with the news that it was 5 o'clock and Jack wished to start at once. I plunged uiy fsuic into tUo husin of water she brought me, and thankfully accepted a oup of tea. She had been up all night, poor creature 1 She (lid not explain why ; and beemeel more sorrowful than evor, as she told me they had just got the little place newly painted and <lonu up, with a view to selling it. " Now, of corn- He, he'll never buy it," she con cluded. "Audherewe are working hard for auoUior ten years." Oh, it wan pitiful! Ten years' hind and unrnmittiug lubour swept away in one night. I stepped uut, wading through the slough, in which a tribe of small children were playing rapturously, to the coach, and found Jack trying to persuade an elderly Irish woman in a jet mantle and a ruby velvet castumo to remain in Inglewood till the next coach. " Divil a step I'll stir from me sate," she replied, waving a sardine tin in Jack's face. " I've paid for me sate, two pound! ten. me honey, an' ye've kept me an' me husband here in this God-forsakim- pleee for ft week,- JJ-y* can take the young lady ye ean take me an* him." "Ye'll get wet," said Jaok, " but stay there if you like." I knew as he helped me _up that he was swearing softly between his teeth, and I felt somehow that dame would get wet, and very very wet, some time or other. Once more we were on oar journey, whip oraoking, Jack shouting, and the inßide passengers mak ing merry with the aid of a small bottle. " Very singular thing. Miss,", said Jaok as the coach trundled merrily over the sloppy road. 41 Very singular thing, that flood washed away all the brandy oat of Lake's bar, and left the gin and rum." ', There was a funny twinkle in Jack's eye as he imparted this information. "Got any breakfast there?" pointing back over his shoulder. '"Cup of tea, I suppose?" I replied in the affirmative. " We'll sconl be at Whetstone," was his comment, "and I'll Vet you some milk, and bread." I felt deoidelly hungry, and thanked Jaok with effusioY " L'homme propose" &o.; Jack drew up and pulled out a mail>bag, from which he produced; a number of letters and papers. I saw no onel to receive them, land while I was looking about one of the boys appeared, and taking the letters rammed them into a small box nailed on a tree, about sft. from tpe ground. The letters were left in this primitive post office, and we resumed our travels. About an hour's driving brought as to Whetstone, bat it was untenanted, the entire family having been obliged to camp on the hill, behind the house. A little blaokboy came galloping barebacked down to the ooach for the mail. To him I petitioned for milk, bat all I could get out of him was, "Billy not know." The small boy, however, borrowed Billy's horse, and set out hurriedly across the paddock, returning, just as the horses were being put in, with a quart jug full of milk. " Here y' are,", he ex laimed, handing it up to me. "Drink it np quick; the flood has cracked the jug," and with this pleasantry disappeared. I believe he most have caoght a cow and milked her. Jaok began telling me what the flood had cost Whetstone. I. felt really sorry for the kindly owners who had lost a great number of sheep and cattle, as well as ■tores, <and the total ruin of much of their furniture and household goods. We now out •way from the road, and ran through a ■wainpybboggy tract of ground, where thiooaoh wheels were often axle deep; two of ffeeltorses had n«3Jer ran in harness before, an£,tfcey were behaving like mad things, p^Owteg wildly here and there, bitiqg at eaoh viewer viciously now |and again, as the loiyi wMp. ourled found them. They looked pretty; littelg creatures to depend upon, bat, as Jaok «x -plainedx "it was take them or stay," fend to, stay wa» impossible. To this I agreed, so we got along splendidly. The road was now strewn with wreckage in all.directions, trunts. of trees, planks, bits of wire fencing, and pieces of forfeiture jammed up against the tree trunks *nd in the fenoe. The boundary was for the jionce one long screen of hay, piled up. against^his every imaginable kind of driftwood, and, alas! as we went on diowned sheep and calves ifere common occurrences. The flood mark i* some places was as high as 12ft. and 14ft., the vegetation was everywhere reduced to a nonpjkonbus. mud tint, and smelt horribly. Here asd there we came across a piece of zinc roofing reposing among the tree branches,, where fit had been swept by the flood. The road w&> completely carried away for some" miles, ipd we were driven through the bush, at the immineni risk of sticking in a bog to starve.^ But, jthanks to the wild fury of the toro yfung horse*, and Jack's voice end whip, we were' at last out of that dreadful region. " We're in the Desert now," cpraarked! Jaok as we • struggled through the laatjswollen creek; "on • Bengalis run. If all goes well we'll be in Goondiwindi to-night," I heavd with |deep thankfulness. I have a passion^ for coaching, but one may be sated with sweets, and I would have exchanged the box fo£a cosy johair willingly. The Desert is not a- place calculated to imbue one with delight. Nothing flourishes on that wide waste of white sand bat a kind of gray-green oak, whieh grows in unpu patohei m if the tre^es felt the need of comforting each other for beiqg condemned to live in that eerie lonesome place. Blue sky above, white, glare below; I dosed my eyes to shot out the prospect; it is an accursed place! lam snre the ghosts of the tfead and gone tribes congregate there to curse ttleir white conquerors. We got through with jpajTany mishap, and emerged on a long wide -trjiqfcpf timbered land. Here the flood—which 4tj£not covered the Desert—had wrought great Ufttigp. The smell from the dead sheep caught in^b'e wire netting was awful t In one plaoe I cotibted twenty- five; they were all crashed flat afpjisl ihe fsqat»» their limbs tamed and twms\\\m-^mm/Mm fl Aod, faughf the flight we \mPtm<M.\vtf'4 •»*• opened, we en cotftitsred' r%iMf«a«f tin ,t> .p* of garments adjted.eow; t^ilii Jack: "Hello! and be* WtrfMV *»r«tt7*^d;' returned the ha& -. flitfmmfij jliswail «&»p Ih*d ; house Mtt»» *&* clow w*ibi A imHimA all my mm *&£** 6tw.v- ... The' Ml*;?^ ; ;^te Wj&mi;\\}m4tffaa.v\itg\n£\\*»i to 4fc» 13S >rFi^^Uwii sheep»\fifteai»;herBn, twelve' pigs/, i^^Pße; no^ a .Aleased thing left buV igoiipbbi.^j^Uy hard tijp%lo!^»iellow to> 3ee htlifart fj^nttin' ardon|'Mßß; seen them ill oarri^jpaa|,»e. We'd4»fß*,iK)m m erciid» jp a tree mm m, too; JUist, didn't thW ?roanf" .T^jftigf of ther i'^ommercials? jeemed quite |he poor.fellow for the loss othu.belonj|taj|, aod he trotted alopg beside the r6oaoh cßlHHlly, irapMasi; 'the "bad new* of th* dlMri* a« *• wtent. I gathered that be baaW ovra of fr*iki>read with him when he an4 btaf family elhn&topd; the tree, and that'they we^mtpMMntlivftttinan old coach./ We flame ojttbett pritti^-^two women and' five little oow: h»lf-t»aked ahjpwen. Bight ip the road lijr «a; o«*Hmtted~ teilock dray wit|> its load of fiWnr ■e*4tored;iaidttoireotionB. Thr team wat go^'Mul the pole of ithe dray broker by the ro«h «**•*•»"• Faniher on I sa%, 12ft or 18fti *«ta Ike round, a h<^M| hanging by'ttt h*»4 t^foielege from a ireji. How it' ever got (there1 ip on* of the 'mysteries. The shrubs and fences Were covewktf thickly everywhere with drift, present*' ing » most melancholy spectacle. Going through .Bengali* we came across a most con tentea-lbokiug black pig, who scarcely deigned to roll out of his mud to let us pass. The drowned horses were yery numerous, and I tried to avoid looking at thorn. At Bengalla a boat, which took' neatly fifteen minutes to cross,* brought over the owner's son, who was the bearej'pf au invitation from the lady of the house to me. The coach could not go further, Jack told me, till the morning; the inside pas sengers and he were camping out. So with a heart I stepped into the boat and was ferried across to Bengalis. Here I was received witli real Australian hospitality, almost as if I had been a friend of the family. I was intro duced formally to Mr. L , who is, I believe, the oldest resident in this part of the world. Ho assured mo that during an experience ox tending over nearly fifty yearshe had never seen such a flood. The house had only the day be t™ h** n a lm n6 i iig^er waKrt the mark op the wall »bove the chimnex-jilaie &XHi;:up*"y9*a . Oft Everything had a depps|t iof slim* which Mi3 B jj-i—snathe station hands Were clearing away. They had been afloat in their boats for two days and three nights, living on salt meat -anthismpori and making tea on the stern. As I sat talking to Mr. L a handsome collie dog came up and poshed his coll nose in my hand. I stroked him down and asked his name, whereon MB3 L told me that he had been swept against the boat in the flood, and had been fished in by one of the men. She believed he had been carried from a place ten miles away. Poor Doggie I I wonder what he th mght about his long swim. Mr. L also informed me that he Sad the pleasure of seeing hU cattle, and some valuable horses, carried past him, making no effort t<f swim, bat just keeping their heads up, and allowing themselves to go with the current. Some of these cattle, I after wards heard, were found grazing fifty mile* away, unhurt, and fat as ever. But the horses were not so lucky, and perished in great num bers. In all, his losses were not so heavy as his less fortunate neighbours, of whom we afterwards learnt. Mr. L discovered me to be a countrywoman, and after tea, the men having made the dining-room quite comfort able, he asked me to sing him " There is not in the wide world." I could not help smiling to myself; a true son of Erin t The flood just out of his house, he juat escaped with his life, and the 1098 of hundreds of pounds, and be a?ks a song! After that he would fain have o langed my politics, but I was too tired tj be alive to the value of the oppor tunity and so lost it. We were up at 5 the next movniqg, and Mr. L 'a son ferried me again to the other side, after a moat kindly farewell from everyone. Jaok had his horses harnessed and was waiting for me, not very patiently.; Tlie camp fire was still smouldering m a heap of white ashes on the damp ground, surrounded by the remains of their morning's meal. The velvet clad dame and the old man were packed in with the small boy ; all three looked as if they bad been indulging in a free fight, their faces .fere so swollen and discoloured by the /ntosquito bites. I waved my hand to Miss <L-—, and we started once more. Weary 'work,it was plodding through the mud at a walk./ In about an hour and a-half we earns to Bengalla Swamp; here we were overtaken by a man and a little boy, who were riding to/Goondiwindi; they had had no news Id nearly a fortnight. Jack invited the man to ride through the swanip before him, but that pleasure pe denied himself, saying he preferred following ius; whereupon Jaok borrowed his 'horse and sent our boy on first. It was aining heavily, and the poor urchin went into the water very reluctantly. It was deep enough! tp cover the horse entirely, bat he managed to swim across". Jack watched him, whistling softly the while. "They'll gel pretty, damp inside, I guess," he said to me, as he began to take out the mails and pile them on the roof again. "Yes, they'll get damped." I knew they would, and congratu lated myself on having the box. •• I hope you don't want me to sit on the top," I remarked. " Not this time," answered Jaolc with a smile. So I sat still and waited. " The Lord save us !" cried the old lady, poking her head out of the window; " yo're niver going to drownd us! Oohonc ! why did I iver lave me fine turf foire, an' me praties and buttermilk, to be kilt dead in a coach an' four 7" I inquired if the fact of dying in a coach and four did not console her for her praties and buttermilk. " Och," was the answer, " ye're fond av a joke, pokin' your fun at me. Well, I'll be wamun inside, unywayl" She brought out a bottle, and for the next few seconds nothing was heard but a melodioi s gurgling. Then we began our swim acroßß the swamp. It was blow work; we went on feiling COUNT HERBERT VON BISMARCK. [See Page 070.] PBmoa bisMabckJ )• ttufowhii- GENfcEAI,. CAPKiyi [See f»g« 070.] FRANC. our way, till suddenly the coach gave a lurch, whioh wm followed by a yell inside. I peeped in through the door and beheld the old lady mounted on the seat, with her velvet tucked up round her, out of the water; she looked so ab surdly like mif she had been indulging in a pat mhl whioh had been interrupted by that nntimely lurch. I wm so intent on the old lady that I quite forgot to maintain my own equili brium and very nearly tumbled into the swamp. My feet got very wet, m the water rose to the footboard, and the old lady must have had a lively time \nside. Jack chuckled mher exolamationsrose,bntmade no remark. As we oame out on the other side we saw a eouple of horsemen, who had beon watohing^ us with interest. They were from Merrrwa station, and were out hunting for stop* whieh had been washed away; they told us -they had lost 8000 sheep and 600 head of oatfe and ha* been obliged to decamp andWels^twoMto its fate. They had fomid nothing so far hot drowned sheep. The coach stopped *om» little distanoe from here to change horsea, and these two gentlemen dismounted to mend thc-tsnoe. They were not communicative, ana though the old lady and the bottle were in tall play the? conversation languished. Farther on we heard that the inmates of Merrigoan had been obliged to sit on the rod, whence they had aeen most of their stook whirled past them, by the flood. No human lives had been Iff*,* however, we were glad to hear. We wer# now some ten miles from Goondiwindi and con stantly meeting someone fronvthe town. There wm one boy we met with abtoat.a dozen pai«oto» beautiful creatures, all delfoilsvgray and crim son, slung across his saddle |Jfe wm going to make his dinner of them,,.Randal! He in formed Jaok that a horse oIKs had been car ried by the flood from BengaOa to Goondiwindi. Jack wm fortunate in losing-ten horses only. The accounts from the outlying stations were dreadful, many of them having lost their entire stock. I felt particularly sorry for two yoang men who had just made a start in life with -a few hundred sheep and some oattle. The poor fellows, after running their stock on the highest point they could find, were overtaken by the cruel inundation. They watched house and out buildings go and then took to a tree, where they were kept for two days without food or drink, and were rescued more dead than alive. The losses seemed universal; everyone had suffered. By this time Goondiwindi wm in sight. A pleasant little village it looked, bowered in eedar trees. The moon wm just rising over the black forest in the distance, all the rain had clsared away, and a oold wind began to flap my wet clothes about me. I began to meditate in what manner I could ever reach the ground. I felt fined into position—another day's coaching would have effestually flied me on that box-seat for ever —a perpetual passenger by the mail. The horses were "dead beat," they oonld iost erawl and no more. But when we arrived at the bridge, Jack with his customary yell of " Tiger! King 1 Tiger I" sent them off in a last frantic canter through the town. Not a single house had escaped the flood. Everywhere beds, furniture, and clothing were hanging oaf to dry. On the sandridge, the only high traot of ground in the village, wm a huge camp; the Roman OathoHo Church wm foil of women and children. The post office, where we stopped, wm the only house whioh had not been .onder water. As we palled up here a gentleman who had been hauling along a punt eaatfjifc exerfeons to >ue in Mtonishment at ui' %^>fflfef re Iwm transferred by Jack, f saf'aMifoileoV feebly; Iwm eo completely wont out Mto be unable to move. My new friend called hUyife and lifted me down. IwM mate ranch of; 'fed, warmed, and put to bed. Bed! It'WM deli cious, after three days' hardship and one day's existence on smells, to snuggle down in the sweet linen, and drink tea, warn, brown, and thick with cream. It wm almost a week before my friends could oome in for me; they also had lost heavily, but M I notioed everywhere the Australian never repines. "Ihave lost 1500 sheep," said my friend, when I sat down to a genuine bush tea on my first evening. She said it cheerfully m if it wm quite a credit to her. I looked my surprise, at which she laughed, and began, "I suppose I ought to have broken it gently to yo* M Iqid;to ,my father— * I have 4ogt two duoks, who wen* jn search of my twenty gee*), who j were, lost in looking for my, eighteen cows, who ran away with the sixteen cqHs. who loUowcd Jhe IMp shee andall! all r all I got drowiied:*"':. • " 