S&ory; Oolumn. ; To war By FLORENCE WARDEN. Autlior of "Tlio IIouso oii tho ATarsli," &o.; : I 4TI10 solo riplrt to publish tliia story, in Brisbono bus beon purchnsedfb.v -tlio Tdcomph Newspaper 'WGoinpnny from Onssoll and Company, Loudon mid Melbourne.) CirArrai 17 — A. Cold Welcome. llishton IIoll Farm was lot at Hast, lord Stanniugtotf hadhad'iton his'hands a long time, andlmd: offered it/at a lower and ever lower rent/. It whs ail open seeret:thnt- John Oldshaw, who had a long leas9 of Lower llisliton Farm at tho other end of the village; had expectod-ltishfcon Hall lease to. drop into his hands at last for a very trifling rent indeed! : Ho was a careful man ; tho property under his hands throve ; and he was fond . of saying that his lordship would nmko a better bargain by letting liim have tho land at £10 an acre than by letting another man have it at £15. However, -Lord Stanuington had apparently thought otherwise; at any rate, when a stranger appeared upon the scene and offered Mm a fair rent . for the land without any haggling, thoy come to terms without: delay, and1 John "Oldshaw found that Ms ( hoped-for bargain, had escaped him. - , This West Hiding farmer was not a nice person to 'deal with when he was disappointed. He drove over to Sheffield to tho agent's office, and stamped into that gentleman's presence, his square heavy face purple with ill-suppressed rage. " Na, then, Mester Garrett, he pleased to tell mah if yond's truo as Ah hoar, that Eishton Hall Farm's let to a stranger?" he bellowed, thumping tho tablo with his broad fist, and glaring ut the agent with tho unreasoning fierceness of an angry hull. : . u Mx. Garrett was a slight fair man, of uncertain age, whose light eyes were accustomed by long practice to read men pretty accurately. , " Quito true, Mr. Oldshaw," he answered civilly, with imperturbable cool ness. " It wus let a fortnight ago, and tho new tenant comes in — let me sco — " referring to his papers — "on tho 16th ; tMB day week, in fact." " And dost tlia' knnw, Mcstcr Garrett, that Ah've had ma mahnd sot on llishton Hall Farm - for this twelvemonth aud moore?"- "How could wo know it, Mr. Oldshaw, since tho farm's been in the market more than twice that time, and wo havo never hod any intimation from vou of a wish for it?" " " "We Yarkshireinen doan't do things in a hurry; hut every mon in t' village knawed Ah'd set ma hceart on t' farm, and noo Ak'm to he t' laughin'-stoek 0' a' t' feeals i' t' country, and llishton Farm let awor ma yead to a stranger as nawhody's ever heerd on ! " And tho farmer gave an apoplectic snort of malignant anger. "Ob, hut that is not the caso, Mr. Oldshaw," said the agent, as quietly as ever ; "Mr. Denison, tho gentleman who has taken the farm, is a friend of friends of his lordship,- and in every way a tenant of the most desirable kind." John Oldshaw calmed down suddenly, and into Ms small bloodshot blue eyes thoro came a satisfied twinkle. " A gentleman, d'yo say ? A gentle man's got t' farm ! " in a tone oE the deepest contempt. "Thank ye, Mester Garrett, Ah'rn quite satisfied. It's not for me to grumble at his lordsMp, then. Ah can pity Mm. The' never was t' gentleman born who could do any good at fanning, and if a gentleman bom's got llishton Hall Farm, all t' ill I wish his lordsMp is — may the gentleman born stick to's bargain." " And with thoso words, uttered in a tone of fierce triumph, tho former, who had not' removed his hat on entering tho office,. turned and stalked out with ovory appearance of enjoying, as he had inti mated, a complete revenge. Tho village of llishton boasted two inns, both of the most unpretending kind. The larger and moro important of these was tho Chequers, a stono building of the simplest kind of arcMtecturo, to which were attached numerous Bmall outbuild ings, forming threo sides of a quadrangle for Mr. Tew's gig and Mrs. Tow's hens. The Chequers stood just outside tho gato of llishton Hall Farm, and its windows commanded tho approach from Mathor- ham, the nearest murket town, which was three miles away. On January 16, tho day of the expected arrival of the new tenant of llishton Hall, John Oldshaw took _ up Ma Btand at ono of tho inn windows, watching with malovolent eyes for the approach of his rival. It was a bitterly eold day, gray overhead and hluck under foot ; und tho frost, wMoh had hold for threo days, wits grow ing harder ob the afternoon wore on. John OldBliawj with a sense of keen dis appointment, had at last to acquiesce iu the -general belief that tho new tenant would not come to-day. "If ho'scoomas far as Mathorham, ho'll stop there t'night, Mester Oldshaw," said Tow,_ tho landlord, a small man, ruled by his wife. " T' ground's too slippy for e'er a horse to Btand on, letting alone t' road's all MU and dale 'tween this and Hatherham. Besides, t' awd house is as bare as a barn ; he'd never coom 'till he'd sent some .staff, to put in it,, and a cooplo o' servants to set it to fights a hit." " "Well, it ain't ma way 0' doing things, to neame one day for oopmia' and then' to coom another," said Oldshaw,' contemp tuously. " But; then, Ah'm naw gontlo- man, and my Lord Stannington '11 mighty, soon wish ho could say scame 0' t' new tonant, McBtcr Tew." Mr. Tow could not afford to have an independent opinion in tho presence of . the great mnn of the viUago,. with that miserable Cock and Bottle, not 500 yards away gaping for tho first placo as tho hostelry of tho elite. " It's ta mooch to oxpeet to got another . tenant. liko you," Mester Oldshaw," ho said, discreetly. 1 It was' by tMs timo nearly 4 o'clock, and tho gray dawn was already boginning to darken towarkn a blaok evening, whon Mat Oldshaw, tho farmer's oldest son, jvho had been sunt by hjsiathor to the top of the hiU on the lookout, re-entered tho inn at a pace somewhat faster than his usual shambling gait. Ho was a tall, round-shouldered lad of about 20, with fair hair and a , weather-tanned face, whoso heavy dullness was for tho moment lightened by n passing gleam of exoite- ment. ""Weel, Mat, hast seen a ghost?" asked Ms father. "Naw, foythcr; bnt there's a cab \- coomin' down t' Mil — — " ! "So Mester Gentleman's coom. has Ho?" shouted the farmer, triumphantly ; and ho had seized Ms stout ash stick, and was making' with 1 ponderous strides for the door, as if with the ; -intention of iu- flioting bodily chastisement on .the in-'. : solent now comer, when his son inter posed, blushing a deep brick-red to the roots of Ms hair. " Eh, hut, foythcr," he stauituerel, 'turning tho door bundle uneasily, and dividing his glances between the floor, the window, and Ms father's boorish face, " it's na t' gentleman ; it's nobbut two lasscB." After which admission, ho fell to blushing moro violently than boforc. "Two lassos?" echoed Oldshaw, 'in credulously. " Hoy, loyther ; an' one 0' them's got a fence lik' a rose." \- "Feace lik' a rose'.?" thundered tho fiirmer. " Don't theo daze tha dull wits lookin' at wenches' faces, for Ah tell tha Ah'll have na son o' mine liungin' aboot t' Hall noo." : " She hain't na loss for t' likes o' mea, foythcr; yon lass is a lcady," said the lad, simply. ' If the stranger's fair face had not, as his father suggested, dazed his dull wits already, the young man would suroly have had the tnot to restrain tlieso rash words, which fanned tho flame of his father's coarse malevolence. "A leady! A foino loady! ta foiao fur any son 0' mine ? Ah toll theo, fecal, t' day '11 coom whon tha foino leady '11 wish she wur good enough for t' loikes 0' thee ; and good enough she shall never be — -tha liecars ?" Though the young man's head was lront in a listening attitude, und he as sented in the meekest of gruff voices, the father guessed that this deep attention was not all for his discourse, whon the sound of hoofs and wheels on the hard ground outside attracted him to the outer door, wrneh ho reached in time to sco a luggage-luden cab slowly descend the hill and pass the inn door, giving time for a look ut tho two young faces inside. Mis tress and maid evidently; both bright, eager, and rather anxious. The former met full tho surly stare of tho farmer, and she drew hack her head as if a blast of chilling wind had met her on her approach to her new homo. The little maid, who had rosy chocks and what one may call retrousse features, wus loss sensitive, and she looked out to resent this cold unwelcomo with u contemptuous toss of the head. " Thoy'ro reg'lar savages in the3o parts, Miss Olivia," she said in a slightly raised tone. " I only hope wo may ho uneaten by tho time tho master comes." The cab had passed tho front of tho inn, and wu3 rounding tho sharp turn which led up n slight ascent through the open farmyard gate, when suddenly, without any warning except a fow rough jolts over the uneven ground, it turned over on its side, to tho accompaniment of shrill screams from ono female throat, and a less loud hut more plaintive cry from tho other. Mat Oldshaw, who was standing on the inn doorstep behind his father, made a spring forward to help them. But the elder man, with u movement quicker than one would have expected from his clumsy form and ponderous gait, grasped Ms arm with a violcnco which made the lad reel, and giving him u push bnck against tho wall of tho house, said, in a low, thick voice — " Doan't thoo meddle with what doan't concern thee. 'Wheel- theor's mooch cry, there aren't much hoort, tak' ma word for't." " Foyther !" said Mat, indignantly, en- treatingly. Then I10 was dumb, for oven through his not over-bright brains came a suspicion that this accident was perhaps not wholly unexpected by ono of its witnesses. As this brief scene passed botween father and son, a man in a short frieze cont, knickerbockers, gutters, and deer stalker cap, who had quickened his pneo down tho hill into a run on seeing tho accident, looked full into the fase3 of both men with a keen, shrewd expression, as he dashed by. " It's parson Brander, 0' S. Cuthberi's feythcr. He heard thee," said the young man in a husky, awed whispor. _ " An' wha not ? Ah'd loiko to sik as Mm say a word to mo !" said tho farmer, in a loud voice of boastful contempt. And the attitudes respectively of father and son, tho one of contemptuous disgust, the other of awestruck rcspeet, represented tho two views most commonly taken in the country sido of tho Bovorend Yernon Brnndor, vicar of St. Cuthhert's. Beforo tho last disdainful word was out of John Oldshaw's mouth the now comer had oponed tho onb door and ex tricated tlio _ two girls from their un pleasant, position. , Tho maid was upper most, but Bbo was a little creature, mid had. 'probably inflicted far less inconvenience, on her more massively built mistress than that young lady would have infiioted on her had their positions been rovorscd. Her rosy cheeks had lost thoir colour, and from her forehead, wMoh had been out . l>jr tiro broken glass of.. the carriage '' window, hlood was trickling down. In answer to the gontloman's inquiries ns to whether she was hurt, she said in a trembling voice that she didn't know jot, and begged him to get her mistress out. This ho at onco proceeded to do; uud was rewarded by tho thanks of a young lady whom ho at onco docided to ho one of tho handsomest girls that this or any other /country ever produced. Olivia Denison was indeed an un challenged beauty, and ltad ocoupiod that proud position nlmost over since, 20 years ago, sho had beon pronouncod to ho " a lovoly baby." 8ho was tall — of that cruel height whioh forces Bhort admirers, on pain of looking ridiculous, to keep their distanco ; of figure rathor massivo than Blender, with a fair skin, a fresh colour, dark hair, hluo oyos, and a win ning expression of onorgy and honesty whioh gave to tho wholo faco its groatoat charm. For a moment, howovor, tho rose colour had loft hor ohooks too, and hor lips wero drawn tightly together. i " You uro hurt, I am afraid," said tho stranger, with concern., . " "I've only — -pinohed— myfingor," sho , answered, trying to laugh. But tho effort of speaking brought tho tears to her oyos, much to hor indigna tion. For sho was bravo, and sho liked to havo the credit of it. ' "Let mo see," said ho; with kindly authority. ; Sho presented her.: right hand, from whioh ho . drew the glovo very gently, disclosing bruised and slightly discoloured finger-tips. ' "Thoy do hurt a little, hut it's nothing very dreadful. . I don't know how I did it,", she said. : "Lucky it's no worse," said tho 'stranger, kindly. " Now for the lad." : Tho young driver, was looking ruefully at the overturned vehicle. . Ho proved to have escaped with no worse damage than q battered hat. Lucy, the maid, who had ascertained thut her lioad was still -on her shoulders, had hound up her cut head with her handkorchicf, and was scolding tho driver for Mb carelessness as -sho pointed to tho scattered luggago. The traces-having broken as the cab fell, tho hcrse -had sustained very little hurt, so that on tho whole, the accident had been without tragic consequences. The rescuer took hold of the girl, and shook her by tho arm. " Now, don'tyou think, considering all things, you might find somo better uso for your tonguo than scolding? You might havo boon up3ct .1t mile away on tho road, instead of wMchyou are turned out comfortably at your own door. For, I suppose, you aro coming to the hall ? " Yos, sir," answered Lucy, abashed, hut still rathor mutinous, not having the least idea that she was speaking to a clergyman. " So that tho real sufferer by this Bpill is neither you nor your mistress, but the poor lad who has driven you safely moro than threo milos over a vory dangerously slippery road, and who will perhaps get discharged by Iris master for having injured tho cab. Your mistress docs not scold you for liulf an hour if you break a plato." " Yes, sho does, sir," fired up Lucy, so unexpectedly that Mr. Brander involun tarily glanced with surprise at tho young lady. " Oh, not Miss Olivia," addod the littlo maid, nlmost indignantly ; "its Mrs. Denison I inenn." " "Well, then, if you find the habit so nnamiahlo in Mrs. Denison, as I see you do, you should tako tho greatest care not' to fall into it yourself," said tho vicar, suppressing a smile. Thon he turned again to tho lady. to its a/ntthued To-Mouaovr.J 