^jote8'from|kotopk^ ????:£ TFrorn'our owir Cornsnondanb. I : ?; . On Sunday, -? October ,38, all Germany, with tboKiuporor at ita^ead, edohratod tho ninetieth anniversary of thebirth of HeDmutt Earl Bernkardb. Ooonfc van Moltko, Fiold Marshal-General of the I Prussian Armies, Presidont oi tho Gobi mitteo of National Dofence, 6x-Chfcf of ; tho Grand General Army Staff. William 1 II. was determined that extraordmary splendour should envelope tho fete, and I that honours hitherto reserved fox Royal ;-and Imperial personages should be shown 1 13 tho glorious veteran. ' The flags and : standards of the troops in garrison at ! Berlin, and those of tho regiments with which Marshal tjh Moltko is specially connected, wore prosentod to him at hn house, as if to.indiaate that tho supreme Chief of tho armies of Prussia and aU Germany wanted to step into. 'the baek ground and leave the first phoe and one of the attributes of the h^best oommaud to tho OTRanixer of Prussian victories. - Tho Kmporor himself, the Army Ihspoeton General, nidudum'/the Sorenngns wbo exercso those functions, the . Field Marshals, the bead of the General Staff, the Commanders of all the Army Corps, called on tho hero of the day tooffer him their compliments. Reinforced military posts mounted guard;, 'at his doors: Officers and soldiers appeared only in full regimentals, with tho helmet. A grand banquet offered by tho Emperor, a monster torchlight procession in which thousands of the inhabitants of Berlin took part, crowned the day. Already a grand 'commers' of the Associations of German students had been held on tho Thursday evening preceding. Professor Yon TrcHschko took part in it, and celebrated tho dose solidarity of tho I army and tho University youth. A son ' nf* tho Court preacher, Roggo, who is ' himself a military chaplain, was tbo j orator of tho feast They celebrated j many salamandors, shouted nmnboxs of ! 'bochs!' and heightened tho glow of : tbeir patriotism by emptying numberless 'schoppen' of boor. Marshal Moltke took part in ell thoso manifestations with absolute imnasstbilitv. It Eccmcd tbat no musclo moved in that pnrdunent-liko visage, on which old age itself soems to havo lost tho power of inscribing its progress. Now, as twenty years ago, Count von Moltlco is a marvel of silence. Ho likes not to waste his words. By a rare privilege he is receiv ing in his lifetime tho homsge which generally is reserved for tho illustrious dead. Tho Duko of Wellington, who had not won loss glory, ard who to his military services had added political ser vices of tbo highest order, saw the London mob break tho windows of Apsley House. Ho had to cease to live to be grandly honoured, for a whole nation to give him in St. Paul's Cathedral that magnificent funeral which has inspired Tennyson's fino verses, . . '.' ? '. ..'.. ... Mora happy in a measure, because ho has Kved longer, Moltko receives now tho testimorues of unequalled popuhvrity. - Everything in him strikes the imagination of tbo Germans— his : longevity, ?, which '. makes him tho oqual of 'his btto Imperial master, for whom two yean and a half ago Germany edobratod also the nine tieth birthday; the soberness of his speech, that imperaloria bntitai which so well becomes great captains ; tho sdontifie manners of the groat strategist, whoso in spired calculations is that transcendental geometry, which is called tho art of war, have chained vretory to the colours of his adopted country ; the re collection of his adventurous youth; his mission to Turkey, the only defeat ho knew in Asia Minor, thanks to the lack of cuscrplme and obedience of the Ottoman soldier and staff ; in ono word, the remem brance over present and carefully culti vated of tboeo great caropoigns— Denmark, Bohemia, France. It may bo said that only one thing was wanting to tho glory of tho ninety-year-old favourite of this f eto. German poetry seems to bo under going a singular odipso. It would appear that tho atmosphere, of tbo new Empire is unfavourable to the. muse. Thevorsos which well-intentioned papers publish on tbo occasion of public events, as tho other day in honouring the Empress's thirty Beeond birthday, are beneath notice. Field Marshal Moltko will go down to posterity without tho powerful escort of an inspired bard. Orrei rate jocro. The fact that tho restoration of tho Empire and the constitution of national unity hard not called forth any poetical flight similar to that of 1813 and the wars of independence is not. ono of the least significant phenomena of German literary history. ' :^ ; ; That w not all. Even as the Emperor was. lavishing with V prodigal hand on tho old soldier all these honours, it was impossible that all eyes should not have sought fo the' crowd around William n. and Moltko a figuro not to bo found.' Prince Bismarck was absent Twenty years ago when William 1 cdobrated the Buccesses of his armies be joined in one toast tbo throo men who had most con tributed to them. ??Idrink/leaidbe, 'to you, Count yon Roon, becauso you have shaped my sword ; to you, Count. von Moltke, becanao you havo guided ita point; to you, Prince Bismarck, because: you made ita fortunate employment pos sible.' Roon is dead ; Bismarck is in disgrace. By overwbebning old Moltke with marks of favour tho Emperor makes more evident by tbo contrast the treat ment inflicted by him on the exChan cellor.'' ? '; ??' ?[.''?]-'.- ?,.'?/? ' ?'?? Tho orthodox Greek Church of tho Ottoman Empire has just had recourse to : a weapon which had not been brought 'out of the ccdeaiastical armoury for a very long time. All the territory subject to the Sultan' has, been placed under in terdict Tnere will bo no more religious services, no more admin«stration of the Saeraments, no more preaching. The Churches are closed, the pulpits mute, tho altars desolate. It is in some: sort, an ardueologkal revival of a very old process of canonical law, and the very modem imitation of a very new process of industrial waxnre. The interdict is simply a religkms stnko in the parlance of oox contemporary political economy. The dergy of. the orthodox Greek Church have strode, that is what it all. comes to. Many such strikes are mentioned in history. - Thonv was one against King John of Enghmd. There was one against Philippe -Augusto of France, tho eldest sen of the Catholio Church. One must read the armabsta of the times to realize the terrible eftecta of that wholesale excommunication of an entire people. Those precedents at first sight seem to flatter the pride of tKo do podtories of ecdonwtioal powers and to promise them considerable and immediate results. Tbat eondusion would bo false. The Holy Oecumenical Synod should not have overlooked the difference then is hehreen England and France in the middle ages, Catholio countries as they wore, as Turkey, aMussulman country of the end of tho nineteenth century. The Greek Church is not tolerated in'a State governed by the Calif, Mahomet's Vicar, the ?Commander of the Faithful. The jnaoursjue. not one-third of the popula tion of .thfl Ottansn Crnnlm Tt-L, J_ UtatnOnority the Orthodox Greeksdo not represent one-third of the total They hawj just«een the number of their faith ful attacbod to the patriarchate of Constantinoplo considecablv diminiahed by the creation of three Bukarian Bisho p^mlfacedonia. TbeBdgarianexareh. that headof a sort of sehkm, has taken from tho Phonar nuHions of Hs dependenta in European Turkey. It nsultsfrom those nets that the interdict of tho Holy' (Ecumenical Bynod will not bo a uni J^J^6* £* ''* *fa' 'Whflo the Orthodox Churches are idle oddobI «f».vk»o»«ti* or .Uaeklsg Churches, wliieh diflerfrom themnather; by dogma, nor ritual, nor by outward appMnncn ar-i^bersonalc^^tionciUH, dergy, wffl 1 :work;oTortimo.:' ^Biat was ifchefox perienco of ) the London dock strikers hut yen. A striko - cannot succeed if j blacklegs come and. take the phico of tho 1 men out on strike. .The Church of the I Ihfan'im-ijaui^^Mk^m seeing 'its parishiroers;; whra the priratioh of tbo .Baeramenta will most powerfully affect, go . for^ their ;rebgion. to the «^»'wh'nf-nfe ; opposite. « Does His Holiness the patri arch on striko imagine that the Sultan, the Sublime Porte, the Divan, all peoplo : very, indifferent, to tho religious aspect of a measure' which concerns onry Chris tians, will let their hand bo foroed by the mere fact that tbo Greek Orthodox Church has for the time being taken' the ? key out of the lock and shoved it under I the door t No doubt the emotion will bb ooneiderable not only among the Greek . subjects of Abdul Hamid, but in tho ! whole Hdlonic. world. Tho moral reach rof the interdict cannot be exaggerated. It j is, to say the least, a denunciation of tho pacific rdationa which have so long sub sisted between Ottcman'a dynasty and the 'heads of orthodoxy. It is a violent state of [things. .The Porto in ita turn will oonunit a very grave fault if it allows, tho causes of.soch a «mflict to be perpetuated. Tho dements of fo^ce and moral unity, are not ao- superabundant hi contwnporary Turkey that.shb can withimpunity. brave thb stcrm.m a chalice. f!. ..,?; . ' 8«mor Crisp! sees'in tho Triple Allianod tho Conservative element par excdUwx of European equilibrium. According to him Italy joined it only on ihe dofonsivO as it wore, and to parry the danger created by tho Vatican. In his eyes tho Triple Alliance is tho bulwark of Italian unity, and at the saino timo of European peace. The Powers it leaves out ought no has to blew it than thoso admitted within ita pale. Thoro would bo a good deal to Bay as to tbo historical oxactuess of that concept. But it was not history, it was iioliticstliat Signer Crispi was miking at Florence. On that ground his theory may bo fredy accepted as a 'basis for future action. What has just taken place at the Hague is a profoundly melancholy historical event It » never a matter of indiffer ence- to see tho public career of tho ropro sentativo of a great race dosed. No doubt tho House of Orange still lives in tho person of tho frail children on whoso brow the crown of the Netherlands already projects ita shadow. YotPrincon Wilhelnuna will somo day marry a Princo of another family, were it oven her forty year-old cousin, tho son of tho Duko of Nassau, who does not belong to the branch of Orange, and if her descendants found a new dynasty it will no longer bo the blood of AVffliam tho Tndtorn, or of William. HI. of England which will flow in their veins. It is a verr rd thing for a princely race to able to adorn themsdves with tho remembrance of snch ancestors. Of all the dynasties of Europe thoro is not ono that has had purer, noblor beginninss, orighis more dosdy associated with tho destinies of human liberty. .' To descend from William the Silent, from that Dutch Coligny, more fortunate than the Admiral, whoso glorious blood, moreover,' by a family aUiance ho mixed with that of his own posterity— from that grave/austere, and gentle hero, who mi one of' tho purest incarnations of the sprat of the Reformation, is to havo titles of uobflity which the oflspring of so many 'lucky soldiers' would seek vainly to attribute to themselves. To find in one's roll of fore fathers a Maurice of Nassau, a William HI. of England, that champion of the independence of the Netherlands, of the constitutional libertyof Tfrgland, that pro toctor of tho Frendi refugees flying for condence sake, victims of the revocation of tho Edict of Nantes, whom it would be oasior to praise if Macaulay had not done it in such magnificent language— to havo bad the honour for three centuries of being dosdy bound to the history of that Republic of the United Provinces, which snatched foot by foot ita nolitical oxtstenea ami mIMam liberties from the gloomy tyranny of Phillip IT., strong by uio ebivalroua devotedness of his old Spanish bands and tho treasures of, tho New World, as it conquered inch: by inch ita territory from the waves of tho ocean, and which was tho first to practice tolerance, offer ing a safe asylum to Descartes, Spinoza, Jurira, Arnauld, Beyle, to the Jansenista of Utrecht, as wdl as to the proscribed Huguenots; to tho. first Freothinkon, as wdl as to the Catholics themselves. That is a destiny truly to be envied. A ray of those vanished glories still illumines the darkness in which the lifo and the intelligence of the last Hmg of tiio Orango dynasty aro gradually and finalhr being extinguished. . The Duteh peoplo may bo sure that the sympathies of all tbow .who have tho cult of souvenirs at the same tune as the care' for Uio future wjU accompany them when they will be compelled, to separate from all that remained . of - that incomparable pest.- ????..:? ?-: .-?.?/:.??; ?:--.^.:--~w.. . In Franco, in Paris; here the' Chambers reopened' on the 20th of the -present mouth. Tho deputies are, as a rule, animated with a desiro for serious busi ness, and have made short work already of a few BouJangista who inado attempts at obstruction, as also of a few busy bodies, hungry for notoriety, wbo tried to interpolate Government on mere trifles. Tbo Budget debate is now going on pretty tmooibly, and there aro hopes that tho defirit will not bo ''Tnwuwl. The wapdalous : revelations in tho Figaro, known as tho 'Coulisses dn Bouhngisme,' have como to an end, and: the author, after narrowly escaping death' from his dud wounds and the typhoid fever combined, is- now getting more dirty grist: out of the same mOl by rrabliahing his abominations in book form. The Boulangist : chieh aro quamOing among themsdves. If we are to believe them no one got a sou of tho many mflbons of francs which the Duchess of Uses, and the German -Jew banker, Baron Hinch, pat into the conspiracy. The General himself swears he never got a farthing, and thafehe lost money by his ' attempta to betrar'tho Republic to Pnnco Napoleon a&d; to the Count of Paris. . He says Naquet, the senator, must have had a pile. Naquet is furious, and protests it's a lie. They all remind me of the answer of Gringalet to B0 boquet in the ' SaltimbanqooaV— ' Have you taken any. of tbo banknotes not of ?» pocketbookr .'No; on the oontrary, rve put some in.' Rochefort, with his usual wit, has just played a bad joke on ms former acoompuoes of the Bouhuunst Executrro Committee, which makes tfiem laugh on .the wrong side of ***'*? '^rthf Ho has written .an article. in which tho deputies elected as Boulangista, and who havo not remained faithful to Bouhuger in his deep downfall, are requested to consult their doctors. '- 'It would he scandalous,' says Rochefort, 'for them to profit by a misunderstanding, to keep for throe years more a placo paid 9,000 francs per annum, when they openly deny the man who. put them into those places.' A Paris reporter has been inqui Mbve enough to go round and see half a doxn Boulangist deputies, and «k their opinion on Roehef ort's proposal. They don't approve of it ; besides, they don't admit that Roohefort meant them at all, bmVothon. Hones their hom potntmu. M. Mermeix, tho author of the 'OouEs.es,' fa the most oandid of all. He said to the reporter, 'I was selected to stand for tho seventh amm diucmetd. Why tho aeventhT .-. . . . I aeoeptod, however, for I have always bad ? superstitious nspaet for the number seven and ita mnmptos. ' ' That k wftty a^irrefutabbTthecabs listie intervention of: numbers is' an uswer to everything. ??,J--. . ' There has been modi-.inaufuratmff of ?Utoji tbiB jDontb in 'Fnw* DeSix : bas-had~a-monument- jj^ irp inttb* ' LuxeKbourgGaVderk:lLairWtinehashaa a statoe^at'Maobh' an^ Camillc* Des iw-ulir^oneatGi^:inVthoNorth;^A . numberiof i senators andduputies now 1 want one to be erected to Garibaldi in : .hbnoiir of the- services1 be would have likea to ^nnder.Franoe during the war of 1870-1871. It is not hi Italy atono that tho.-gnst,eMMfottiereis worshipped, but there ho is deified. I have beforTme ah Italian catodnsm of the Garibaldian cult or of;.Garibaldolatry. It is entitled ' Dottrma Garibaldina,' and then under neath— 'A catechism dedicated to Italian youth between fifteen and twenty-five Jf»»'0f ?»' Itw»i printed at Genoa I by : Riod, ? Masdni Gallery. It is' divided into ten 'leriono,' whidi are tho commandments of the Garibaldian Church. The first lesson is as follows, by question and answer:— 'Make the am of Um Cross. Id tbo name of the Fattier of tho emmtry, of the Bob of the people, of tho Holr Ghost of liberty. AnW Who made you a soldier T Garibaldi made mo a soldier. To what end did Garibaldi create you a soldier 1 Garibaldi created me a soldier to honour Italy, to love it, and serve it' How does Garibaldi reward those who love and serve Italy 1 With vic%y. Whois Garibaldi? Garibaldi is agoDeroos spirit, blened by heaven and earth. He^ became man to save Italy, beat the Austrians,-and drove out the Bourbons.' And so the' parody goos on through aU tho ten lessons. 