INSIDE PARLIAMENT. WEDNED.DAY s " TELEGRAI'IIt. The powers and privilegesof the Governor to exercise the prerogative of mercy have not been clearly defined. In the Interpretation Act of 1857 the "Governor" is described as meaning " the person for the time being administering the Government," while the Governor-in-Council is described as "the Governor with the advice of the Executive Council." In the Discipline Act there is a special provision that " the Governor" is to mean " the Governor in CounciL" Ever watchfnl, Mr Service noticed what no one else except, Sir F. T. Sargood had observed, that in the Criminal Liw Amendment Bill the prerogative of mercy was vested in "the Governor." What did this mean? "Only where he is authorised by the Government," said Mr Cuthbert, accepting Sir Frederick's interpretation of the law for the immediate purpose of the argument. For this MAr Cuthbert was twitted hy Mr Zeal, who contrived to throw a shadow of doubt round the Minister's legal opinion. "The hon. member is highly offensive, as he too often is," wass Mr Cuthbert's rejoinder. The Minister of Justice ex. plained that he wished to take time to con sider the point, and in his decision, both 1Mr Service and Sir F. T. Sargood readily acquiesced. The way was thus cleared for the Railway Standing Committee Bill. Under the genial guidance of AIr Bell the measure seems likely to have a rapid passage through the Council. Sir F. T. Sargood, AMr Zeal, Sir Fraser, all sung its praises. "In the public interest the Government have in geniously managed to save the country from a great calamity," said Air Fraser, who looks askance upon the vast proposals of the Railway Bill, and who sees in the committee a safeguard against the log- rolling Railway Bills we have had in the past. Sir F. T. Ssrgood, itis true, has discovered that under the Bill the Council will have no power to suggest to the committee the construction of a single line of railway. Formerly the Upper House inserted new lines in Railway Bills where they thouglt the public interest de. manded the concession. Now the Council are afraid these powers are curtailed by the Bill. Recovered from the effect of the Ministerial rebuke, and anxious to preserve the privileges of the Council, Air Zeal suggested that the point should be referred to a committee. "A serious objection," was Mr J. Ai. Davies's opinion on Sir Frelderick's question of privilege. The -ditficulty readily admits of peaceable settle ment, as Mr Davies suggested, by the Assenmbly. Mr Gillies will require very soon to make up his mind about the itroduction of a Pulhhic Works Committee Biil. Un. questionably, there is a majority itn the As semlly in favour of such a Bill being passed this session, and if the Council did not see that the inclusion of public works in the measure they have now in hand might seriously endanger a valuable proposal in cluded it certainly would be. When Sir F. T. Sargood is represented as having insisted upon his right of precedence to introduce deputations, the statement should be accompanied with an explanation. Sir Frederick imagined that MAr Langridge and Captain Taylor had been called away on other business. He did not propose to raise the question of precedence. Members of the Council join members of the Assembly in accompanying deputatious asking for money grants, and sometimes the deputation is introduced by members of the Upper House, an-d at others by Assembly men. A meeting of Assembly members has been held to dis cuss the' question of precedence. It was there insisted that by custom and right, when a money grant was asked, the deputa tion should be introduced by members of the assembly,-but the meeting wisely deter mined to pass no resolution. In the instance that has given rise to all the hubbub Sir Frederick Sargood was asked to introduce the deputation. The Government propose to introduce a Bill converting £8530,000 of a 6 per cent. loan, redeemahle in January next, into a 3A per cent. loan, as provided for by an Act passed last aession. Air Gillies has given notice of his intention to ask for leave to introduce the Bill. The new Victorian stock thus created will be redeemable in thirty or fifty years, at the will of the purchaser. Captain Taylor went a long way towards convincing us that he is the most obstinate man in the Assembly. Against the wishes of his friends and the warnings of his politi cal opponents, he persisted in Ihis determinn tinn to try the effect of a snatch vote on the Sunday question. The estimates of the Chief Secretary's Department were under I discussion. These include an "item" for the Public Library, and to the grant Captain e Taylor proposed to attach a direction or a recommendation-he did not care very much which-that the Public Library, National Gallery, and Museum should be opened on Sunday afternoons from 2 to 5 o'clock. Mr Deakin, who believes in humouring some of the harmless weaknesses of human nature, appealed to the "honourable, learned, and gallant" member for Hawthorn not to d vide the House on a question of the kind with. out notice. The honorable, learned, and gallant was obdorate, and tie result was- defeat-overwhelming defeat. The omajority against him numbered forty-one, all tohl, Iht Mr Langridge claimed tile votes of Lt.. e Colonel Smith, and sone other members who crossed tie floor at the last moment. Asked by Mr M'Lellan whether on the voices his voice had sided with the "noes," the Colonel, amid great lanughter, declared from his place on the Opposition benches- necessarily the " no" side, thie " noes" always going to the left of the chair-that his voice was "always on this side." As a matter of fact the friends of a free Sunday -those who wish to protect thie Sundtay from further encroachlnent-would glavein t any ctse scored a victory. We have AIr Gordon's assurance for this, and Mir Gordon'st word is as reliable as a Bank of England note. But Sir Bryan says there are a num-. her of ghosts flitting about the Chamber, and among them is this Sunday question. "Some members are slraid of this ghost," said Sir Bryan. "Not me. I am not afraid of ghosts," said Mr Munro. "No," replied Sir Bryan, "I know y-u are not. You are not afraid of mortal m in, and you are not likely to be afraid of ghosts, but others are." The tunt was taken up and replied to by Captain Taylor's defeat. "That a ttnu of £.5,000 be granted to Her Majesty--iMr D:xou," said Mr M'Lellan. And there was greatlaughtter. In the hurry of the moment, Mr M'Lellan had somehow mixed up his sentence and " Her Majesty--Mr Dixon" sounded strangely enough. air Dixon had attempted to rise before ; but as he stood near his old place in the Government corner, Mr M'Lellan refused te "see" him. Mnem hers must rise in their own pl ee, if they are to lie heard," said Mir l'Lellan. ',' But that was my placn," Mr Dixon explained. Then MIr M'Lellan " ruled" that the custom was for members to select places at the beginning of the session by affixing their cards to the seats. "TThat was exactly what I did," ex. plained Mr Dixon, who crossed the floor from the Government corner shortly after the opening of the session. " Will I be; in order in asking--" said Mir Bailes. "You will be in order in doing nothing," said Mr M'Lellen in most stern tones, and again there was hearty laughter. Mar Duefy an.1 Mr Mason wanted to say a word, but Mr M'Lellan kept repeating "I haee given my decision," andi Mr Deakin could not inter fere. He was. too busy laughing at the ridiculous scene. From this we escaped only to he plunged into another daily "Hansard" debate. Sir Bryan says his speeches are purposely " mulled" by some of the papers, and he wants a daily "Hansard." Mr Mluuro makes a less argent demand. He would like to see the " Hansard" delivered on Saturday instead of Wednesday, as at present. Mr Deakin says that a daily " Hansard" would cost £40,000 a year to produce. " Not if you gave it into thile proper hands," replies Mr Munro. Mr Deakin promised to bring up his official figures on the report. Mr C. Smith made an awkward suggestion, that our speeches should be printed verbatim as delivered. What was rendered abun. dantly clear by the discussion was that members are determined to have their " Hansard" delivered earlier than at present, and they are quite willing to agree to an increased vote to enable this to be done. (TsIURSD.aY'S "Ti TBLE Iil t") The constitutional point raised in the Council on tie Railways Committee Bill may be more ditfficult of settlement than at firs6 seemed likely. In the Bill the Council are not assigned any power to recommend new lines. At present they may insert lines in a Railway Bill. If they are debarred from suggesting routes to the committee, are not their privileges curtailed? This is Sir Frederick Sargood's attitude. He has cir. culated an amendment lihe intends to propose in committee. Under this the Council would expressly retain power to recommend lines to the committee. But Mr Service has warned the Upper House that if Sir Frederick's amendment is persisted in the Bill will be lost. "Our only alternative is to assent to the measure or go back to chaos." The appointment of the new body has been hailed with delight by the Council. "A calamity has bee removed," says one member; "A cloud has been dispelled," declares another; "The country has been saved from ruin," suggests a third. It is certainly true that in the Railway Bills of 1871 and 1884 the Council made important alterations, and if Sir Frederick Sargood's advice is now followed, the Council will call for a conference with the Assembly. On the other hand, if Mr Service's advice is adopted, the Council will accept the bird in the hand. The power of the Council to in sert new lines in a Railway Bill has never been admitted by the Assembly, and Mr Service has m ide up his mind no attempt to secure that power by an amendment in the measure before them would be successful: In the meantime the Bill has been read a second time. Mr Service indicates that the Council will be able at any time to pass resolutions recommendling lines of railway to the Government. And Sir Cuthbert takes some comfort from the assurance that at all events they will be able to alter Railway Bills even after being passed by the Railway Committee. At 1 o'clock this morning the Assembly rose after the first count-out of the session. It was a lawyer's night. The Law of Evi dencc Bill was under discussion. First we had Mr Best, whose personal popularity kept the House together while he explained his views regarding tile questions raised in Mr Shiels's Bill. SMr Best denied that at present tile system of crosscxamaination is frequently abhsed. \Wlhen a professional mnao so far forgets hiitself lie is very soon "dropped." The nshjeot of crossexsmtina tion is to elicit trothi, andt for the proper con duct of that examination Mr lest says rwe shonld trust to thie judge or presidiog maIrgis trate. Even under thie present system SIr BIlest knows of instances ohere Inii have been tried an condemned aon altogether in sufficient evidence. He pleads that thlere is no public demand for the curtailmncnt of so useful an agent as the power of cross-exami. nation. This attitude was sutpported by SIr Turner, who maintains tlhat thle remedy suggested by Mir Shiels is worse than the diease. He declares the few cases of abuse of cross-eramnination have ibeen exangerated by the Press and the public into undlue im portance. Perjury is on the increase, andI the existing means of testing thie credlibility of witnesses is required to elicit tile truth. "It wroll ie uInwise to lay down hard atnd fast arbitrary rules," " Hear, hear," says Sir Blryan O'Logtlen, who complaineld that MIr Turner had to address himaself to etrpty benches andl an empty gallery. There were only sixteen mcmbers present. At mid night there was a hare gquoroum kept. togethler bIy Sir P'atterson out of complitlentt to Mr Shiels. Fromn all sides Ctle mlembter for Normanhy was appealedtl to to all~w the adjounmnent of the second readitg debate. "Those who ask for an adjournmento t want to kill the Bill," replied Mr Shitll. , Come, let us have fair play," cried Mr \1. T. Carter, dragging in Mr Murphy, the trwen-, tieth ,member. lIt rwhen iMr lMurphly dis ererdl he was beiog used against his friend Sir Bryan, MIr Morphly declited to eounte nance the proceedings. "Seeing thie amount of trouble the Ihou. memhtcr hlas taken, we ought at least to agree to the second readin.. of thlis useful measure," urgetd Air i'.,tter sot,. It was in vain. SIr Bent hadt erectedtl a stonewall, and Mir Shicla, lwho has not been gaiiing friends recently either withig the magic circle of tihe caucus or among Cthe straiht Opposition, sat sulkily resentful. Mr Bent had a book from which he an. nounced he was willing to read until the morning. "TiThe anigel Gabriel," he de. clared, would not be able to persuade Itim to approve of lthe Bill; and hlie added, " I have had some experience of lawyers and their ways ; if the lill was ote to reduce lawyers' coats it would have nmy support." If any new messenger fresht from the country placed momentary reliance on the ridiculously far-fetched story of a quarrel between Mr Gillies and Mr Deakin about tihe oolicemen's strike.pay, the delusion will be lispelledi by Mr Deakin's answer to SIr \l'Lellan. Tile policemen are to get the extra remluneration. There never wras tihe slightest doubt on tlme sublject. The precisea sutms are recorded elsewhere, and as for any "quarrel" or " resentment" this story carries with it its own disclaimer. IBut we have been entertalinedtl with a second. Mr Deakin Ihas been represented as saying that the Liberal section of the Chambacr are strongly in favor of associating with Mr Speight an experienced engineer of consltrlue tion from America or England, and also of important changes being made in thile Emgi neer-in-Chief's branch. Sir Bryan has only just discovered this statement, which was in effect made twelve months ago. That Ihere are members of the Cabinet who wish to bring about these changes we all know. The credit of seeing reform is absolutely necessary does not belong to any particular section in the Ministry. Conservartivs, as well as Liberals, advocnate sweeping chages. Questioned as to tile authenticity of the statement, lAr Deakin " declined to acknow. ledge any responsibility." Sir Bryan offered Mr Deakin " the support of Liberals in the House to control the Cabinet." Mr Deakinl remembers when he offered Sir Bryan the "support of the Liberals in the Assembly," a!Il has now the satisfaction of knowing his effmrts were not in vain. " The Premier has swallowed the Chief Secretary." muttered Sir Bryan. "There is no difference between us: we agree," replied Mr (Gillies, and the 5Ministerialists cheered. Once more Sir Bryan hans attemnpted to make political capital out of the strike, and failed-ignominiously failed. Hie wanted to raise a discussion. This was deprecated by Mr Gillies. " Wes hnad better refrain from expressing an opinion on one side or the other," said the I'remier. When it appeared that Sir BIryanl was prepared to move the adjournment on the qluestion; "That the time has cole o lwhenl this Ifouse in the wel. fare of tile public ehall give expression to an opinion as to the urgent necessity for a speedy settlement of the dispute," AIr Gillies interposed. "One moment, Mr Speaker. We are all quite willing to agree to that as sa ubstantive motion without dis. cussion"said Mir Gillies. "Agreed," cried the Assembly with one voice, and Sir Bryan was compelled to rec me his seat, looking abmurdly crestfallen. A great elffort will le made to defeat the Government tonight, when tile Assembly are to be asked to refer the Local Govern ment Bill to a select comm;ttee. Tie cces tion to be decided is tice basis of tlhe muniui pal subsidy, and on this there are many who say the Ministry should accept the responsi bility, and adopt tile scheme agreed to by 150 oat of 100 municipalities represented in lhe General Municipal Conference. Before the Local Goverment Bill conues on Mr Gillies intends to introduce a Supply Hill. \-- 