THE ORANGE CELEBRATION. SERVICE IX THE I.IECHAXICS' TTAT.T,. i As the 12th. of July this'; year fell 011 a Saturday the local Orange Dodges decided to postpone until 3Ionday ^(this) evenin^the holding of their annual celebration. The Protestant Alliance brass hand marched through the principal streets of the town on Satnrday night, playing a number of lively airs, hut beyond this there was no public demonstration in connection with the festival. There was a service, conducted by the Iter. A. P. Edgar in the YCechaiiles* Hall yesterday afternoon, at which the Orange body and a huge gathering of people from the various local Protestant churches attended. Almost the whole of the i seating accommodation of the hall was 1 occupied: yet the attendance was scarcely as ! large as at one or two former services of the kind held in the same building. The ringing was led by a small choir, with 3Ir Hurst as organist. On the platform with the Hev. A P. Edgar were some of the more prominent members of the Orange lodges, wearing their regalia. The service was opened by the ringing of the well-known hymn. To the work.** :ifter which the IJev. A. P. Edgar offered up prayer. Other hymns having been sung, and a portion of Scripture read. 3Ir Edgar proceeded to de li vera senaon based on the text contained in the 2-ith and 2Gth verses of the loth chapter | of St. 3Iattliew*s gospel—Put while men slept his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat and went his war. But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.** As most of his hearers were aware, the parable of the tares and wheat stood as a complement to the parable immediately preceding it. that of the sower going forth! After referring to our relation to God. the prea<dier remarked that the Gospel clearly iudlesitcd the infinite pains :md cost at which God prepared the field of mankind for the reception of the good seed. To his mind the Scriptures abounded in. proofs of the works wrought in anricijiation of the coming of Christ i ia the fullness of time** to redeem the world. Yfe could judge of Gcd*s great love for man as we gazed en the cro.-s of Christ: and we could understand the infinite value set upon the human soul when we re garded the fact that we were indebted to the sacrifice of Christ for our spiritual freedom and claim to etcrxeil liappiness. The text quoted brought i>efore us, amongst other points, the fact that God lias enemies who were c-ver on the :i!ert anil try ing the weak places in the armour of his iK-v-ple. There were «»me people who denied the existence of an Evil One. Tlie fallacy of such :t denial could. l*e shown in many ways. Eor example, what mail who kuew anytliing of the power of sin. who had striven honestly to fight against bad inclina tions. and to preserve a gotnl moral and re ligious feellmr, had nor become conscious of the existence of an evil influence—the influence of the arch enemy. The text also showed that some of the enemy worked in the dark to overthrow the works of darkness. It was a characteristic of evil to seek the darkness, and hence Satan was called the Piince of Darkness. IDs ways and operations were dark and insidious. There were some of his slaves in this world who seemed to glory at the evil that was done. They simply laughed at ihe philanthropic work, and pointed with a certain amount of exultation at the failures it sometimes suffered in Irs endeavors to elevate manlrind. - It was a fact iliat sometimes the toil of the churches, of the Sunday schools, of societies founded for moral and intellectual progress and of home training went for nothing. This was because the enemy was ixrmiittcd to coma and sow fares in tlie pure soil. They mourned this: it was unfortunately common. But why f The answer w;is to be found in the text, TVTiile men slept Lis enemy tame.** It. was an easy thing for 2:1 ill disposed |>er se:i to set fire to ;m art gallery and destroy in half an liour tlie work of a thou sand years: it was not h:ird for a child to break flie costliest vase in our home?. Similarly it was not difficult to break down the toll of the church and other spiritual organisations if we failed to be ever on o:ur guard. We should take to heart the teaching of the text with regard to tlie com ing of the enemy, and endeavor to fully realise our duty as working men and women in the service of God. The preacher said he understood he was spezdring to au essentially Cliristxan congregation. 3bmy of liis hearers were not only Clmsihuis, but working Chris tians. The- Orange Dodges represented there were, he hoped, promoting a gracious :md kcmncent influence in the town. It was one of the glorious essentials of these societies that every man who belongr*! */» them must W a Cl*3-L:ti*tsx -working man. The doctrines of Orangelsm were such as lay under the foundatii ms of :tll good society. The up holders of the order believed that every man had a right of private interpretation of the Bible, had a right to ask that tlie light of tlie Holy Ghost might illumine the sacred pages for him. The great error of the early church lay In the fact that it denied ihe right of private interpretation of theseriptures. In the past, if a man wanted to know how to save his soul he had to go to another for all in struction. That was how the enemv had liad an opportunity to come in tlie dark to do his evil work. 3Ien were not on their guard, nor prepared for him, and hence they fell easy victims. Tlie rev. gentleman at this stage strongly recom mended the regular reading 01 the Bible to tlie family circle. He spoke strongly against the evil effects resulting from neglect of the Scriptures. There were hundreds of people, he said, not worth anything as far as spiritual knowledge was concerned "WlnLsi they pro fessed to believe in the Bible they dfd not trouble to acquaint themselves with or under stand its teachings. They were asleep in the profound sleep of indifference, and yet everv huirnm l>eing was asked to take some part in spiritual work.. If all did something the result would be shown in an increased tend ency to do good throughout the world. Even the minority who had right .on their side were able to do much by steadr aud persistent effort. When the local option poll was taken some time ago in Geelong, the temperance party were told that they could not make people sober bv act of Parliament—that If they closed a certain number of hotels the trade in liquor would continue almost the same as before ; the onlv difference being that it would be a little more concentrated. The statisti<js of the Geelong police court which were recently published i showed that since the dosing of the 17 hotels in connection - with tlie local option poll, drunkenness liad decreased about GO per cent. Surely tins was a cause for gratification. How much better anight have been the results if at the time of the poll the tem perance people had been strong enough to bring about the doting of twenty more of the houses. 3Jx Edgar s address, which occupied, about 40 minutes, was delivered clearly and Impressively, and conveyed au excellent lesson on the text. This evening the annual demonstration of ihe Orange lodges and the Protestant Alliance Benefit Society will be held. The proceedings will commence with a torchlight procession and conclude with a concert and speeches? in the Bfeclianicti Institute TTrtT? It is an nounced that the Hon. Jas. 3Iunro. HULA., will preside. 