The Phantom Ship. BY MA11IE J, GALE. "The Palatine 1 Tbe Palatine 1" Tbeeo words passed from lip to lip es the danerrf poured out of the hotel parlors to gaze a; something away off oa tho murky wateis that epmuedtfae shoreB of Bioek Island. The evening was dark and creary. Only now and then a 6tar strujrg'ed into vstw from behind a cloud, and the pietty gir:a and the few beaux that could be lnusieitd from the whirl of the cities preferred a dance in doors to "spaonint, " cu the piazza. So wlu-u someone auue-unced ike appearance of tho uac^uiiy Palatine, very few v.ero fable to catch a glimpse of the tiery vision before it disa;Dpeareil. " What i3 tlw Pal3tiae ?" inquired K-~e Willftrd of the Harvard student upon whose asm she hung. . f " Have you never heard ol Block Is!au;i a famous ghost? Mi sb Wili&rd;, 3 ou know every p!-:if;s of any Goto has iss ;•])•.) oi:y legend, and titid eea girt isle is not behind the rest of the world. In fac'v, here tUe sup rnuiural take3 110011 itself a unique form »'! tho shape of a sea ghaut; in other '.vorttr, it is c. Lam ing fiLijj that is secu oil the shorn sad then disappear*." «• Di toli me more about it. I leva to hear leetnda," said Kite. '• Weil, onec upon a time—that is the way to a etory, T belicvc—vl":*! tmy.:y of the islanders here were wrre'icjs aud pirate.-5. they wrecked. iithed and burned a slip called the I'.'Uanti^e. As a reminder of this die ad lal tbo burning phanttru appears occa sionally, (nine say to beraM a death cn the iilai-d." » How interesting! And that was the phaatam thai appeared just now llo.v I wish I nad teen it!'! esid Kate. Excusing herself, she run to her roota for a wr: p and sgiia sought the piazza, now quite deserted. Perching hsrself 011 the rail in;'. she thought: '• l don'i believe it was the Palatine—I don't be-lisve in the phantom at all. Bat I aba" watch here, and perhaps the illusion may appear again, Ol course there 13 no thing supernatural about a iight at eea. How foniish the islanders must be to beliavc such a thing Philip Dayton did not see Kata as he end three other men stepped out on the piazza a xew moments later. She hugged the pillar against which she leaned very closely, with the hops that she might pass for s portion t>£ it. Kate was net on tbe best of terms with Phil Da j ton ; she bad been treating hiai b.v5i.y, and deserved no pity if he looked supremely indifferent to her bewitching black ci€S* '• We can enjoy our cigars down by the e!iOi'f% where we i:hail be more likely to see tbe snip if it appears a?aiu.,; I? was Philip who spoke, smd tiie four men descended the* tieps and hastened away. 44 i wili go too ; I can tiuiiy keep them in sight, and even if i do not, there is nothing to hai:ra mo on Ibis q:iiefc inland," said Kate to herself, f.s s'-u c dovrn {com tt'.e rc.il ii:g and hurried after the group. Tho n'tn walked very its;, and Kat-i was about io st-3£t iujo a run, iu order io keep thciii ia ci^ht, when ehe he; i"d n heavy tread behind her. Th;s vraa a'-iiviainrr -, but Tv-oite wag to come; f;;e 3:^d i-'iiren n:ui5y more steps she ftli b- seiz:5, a-';d a large, co&rae; band \vs3 Jiraiiy plj,etd across her mouth, r;hile a thick voice sou-jJed close ia her ear. "I have you new, my fine laayl You would not w&lk; with me or ev:n speak to me \vhen I hurg round you by the beach. Hut I have yoa n?w The old oui there ha.-, not shevyn up for nothing ! Thero'e to bo death on this island to- ni^ht—dea:h, death J'1 Kite's blood froze in her veins. Slsc tvioi vair.ly to etruggle, but lha ttror.^th of a !;ia;u jichi ht r fjias, r-nd the pro- sure <11 h;i- ma V.'u w-i:; fToea'.iug. Hhc h'i hcr.H'ilf hu-ri'-d . ai-?rg by her captor. I'rcsftit!y, ai u iafo C;.ttK.;ii;e. from the hole!, the rt.ud ws? v;i'h dravvjs and a handkeichicf enbitilute^j ha* bufoie it Wits tiyhtiy a-cured a stifled, a^cu'.^d scream csi.:ped her. " bleep still ! Yeiiiin: won't do no good. You're doein jd—deorned—dr-'C'i;td! I -vai Jed you lor i;iy Ijridc, but now that c;;u never bi. The cJd ship ou; there is a ciga of iki.th, Thi Jaot tima it :(p:;c?ired my f.-ith jr rjiun. ru>d the tima b'i'ore my grandfather. Now it is my turn, and you n>v.3i; fcefofs uie. I shall give yCu*a fiery c-a;.h, for you are a witch. You have b^ivitcLed me.:' IvUfl <'kl not fail)5 in spite of her ttner. She ri c.;g."isi d her capior as a hr-lf crazea i,-i-:.uir. li-3 waa known to her cr.iv a? li\:i i^iah— Zi '.h ho was moat lr(q« "''y e.uieri, 11 i j brain had beta '* erseked.T ?o his ii- iuViijorg f:iid, by readi.-i}? bloud-cuvdhn^ lie had pdnu-t-nLly annoyed Kale durirj? her daiiy rarntles, and thj had sl'.vays repfiicd him vvith unconcealed dia ;.;i ui. A thousand appalb'ns ihcughts ceeutred to t"::e poor ;;ii'l. Tnat she was in the povvfr of a jrirtdaian she fuiiy realised. W?jut wa? he jroj::g to do with "her? YvTonhl he rcr.lly bum he-r as he iu?iu;st:""l V Oh, H' she iia.d D jt troubled iaerieif .'h ut i '"■! phaii!!;:n ship ! Surely the old d'.i pcriend ovi', and that to o'.hers bcsi.ie the Bioek Jcrs. V.'here were Phil Dayloa and his ftiendi? ? I? the c;>u'd only in»ka Lim beat he would forget that the lu: i been B f:il!y tniler whea he .ii-.v the :eaible danger the was iu Ziah took her in his arms and with rapid strides csirie3 her to n remote i^urt of iLe shore, toward an old hut tha« stood almost ruined find quite ek'ne. Entering it. he placed her ou a rlckeity bench and with strong cords bound h-r feet and hands. Then he lashed her to the bench iti-clf. Now, ruy d-.rling, tiiis shall be your funeral pyre. Ia India they burn widows after then* husbands die, but I eho-Ji-e to ses my love go before mo." 11c gathered together all the loose materials in the hns, eooie paper?, a little firewood, and an old stool which he broke up and pl&fled; tinder the bench.. Great drops of perspiration w ro standing on lv".te'd forehead. She rolled her head from t ide to side in nqony. The rubbing of the handkerchief against tiie bench loosened it, and before Zab was awaro of what Lr.s victim was doinf. she gave one loud, tcrrific scream and then another. The maniac sprang toward bet. " I could kuoi'k you on the head and keep ycu ssill," he said at he tightened tbe hand kcichicf with cruel force, " but I don't want to stun you. I vvaat you to feel the fire. It will purify vour soul and make you fit to J join nie to morrow. Ycu will be burut to a eiuder bofoie they miss you, aud before day dawns I shall bs dead ioo." Keto tried asaic to looeea the falling handkeruhitf, but Ziah had done his weik well, anil the could scream no more. The maniac lit a match, and. to Kate's in describable tenor, applied it to the paper, wbieh soon bc^an to ignite the wuosl. In another instant her c'.oibiii;: would eatcb. rfho g^ve up ail bore of life, and iricd te> frame in her heart the prayer which her poor, bound lips were wholly unabie io utter. 15at help was neor. At this very moment a terrible pounding resounded on the door, aud almost immediately the rotten old titn beis gave way. Z ah sprang forward like a wild beast, but three aihietio pairs of arms caught hiin and held him fast, while Philip Day ton kicked away the life and eut tho cords that so cruelly bound pGcr Kate. Then she fainted, and Philip bore her tendeily out of j t'ns burning but, while his friends bound th« madman and led him ts a place of safety. Ail that night Kate Jay prostrated, b-.)? when her roiliekin;- brother l'.or. cime dowr; on the boat from Newport next day she was well enough to listen to bis culojjisms on Phil's bravery, not without a tell-tale blush, however. "I thought you were going a Irip to Canada this week," ehe said to him. VS'J ' i " Ob, I changed s f min V' be acsweiea !" Ymi «€ Jaofc k«? v»ftui«.-d Gti* inere to s aiake iJp his yaibti; g part? ft ?' iJ'^rort; ati-l I the temptation was too great. We arriv" -I there early this morning. By the way; were sailing oft here last Eight. Did wo liiti Pdliiii'ife? Oh, ho ! 1 with we had; v-i reaiiy, K-iie, I ibiuk it is a siga or awed di::^ from the looks of thinge." r B«n sauntered low&rd; the door, as^d ^3 he went cut wiiliout even a backward glance, he ad-it d : " To thiuk ot our red fire creating r-nch a lic-ef ation J O, j^uiluble hanisuity ! Suj-tr eiiiifjix did r.oz cio v.-iih tlbo dark ages." 