PROHIBITION HAS FAILED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD Sir, — That local option is un-British and probably is a failure, are two of the rash assertions crowded into Mr. Nelson P. Whitelocke's letter on behalf of the Licensed Victuallers' Association in your issue of the 29th ultimo. It is not necessary for me to quote the long list of evils which, seer-like, he forecasts against local option. Is he so purblind that he sees not that from the selection of a Prime Minister to that of an alderman everything is decided by local option — otherwise, local act of choosing — which is fixed by one half of the people in a locality, "plus one being allowed to coerce the other half minus one." This British law holds good in all matters public. Now, as publicans say that they carry on their business for the good of the people, then let the community, or rather half of the number plus one, decide whether they want or do not want public-houses. Of local option, General Neal Dow says, " Nothing is more firmly established in all the British dominions, and in English-speaking countries everywhere, than that the policy is not only in perfect harmony with the constitution, but is also secured and wise in its application to public questions touching the public good in relation to which public opinion has not been distinctly expressed." Chief Justice Higinbotham, of Victoria, has said, " That the community has the right to determine for itself whether it is expedient that licenses to sell intoxicating liquor shall or shall not be sold." In the Alliance News (England), December 27, 1889, the Archbishop of Canterbury, in an address, stated, " That the evidence seemed to be irresistible that in most country places in the States the system of prohibition realised its object, and that in the average of the whole State there was a great diminution in crime, poverty, and lunacy, and therefore in public burdens, and a corresponding increase in material well-being." You see, Mr. Editor, poor local option has some friends. Now, if Boniface is so sure that the public opinion is against local option, why should he be so fearful of putting it — apart from any other political question — straight to the people to decide at the ballot-box ? We are quite ready to trust them. Nay, it is their right; and should not be withheld from them. Nor will the people submit to the deprivation much longer. The statement of Mr. Whiteolocke is "Prohibition has failed, Sir, in every State in the Union where it has been tried, and I may mention that in Maine — the big prohibitionist State — more drunkenness exists and a larger traffic is carried on than in any other State in America." Now, if I wrote such I most certainly would not be telling the truth. Almost the same fantastic statement was made by Mr. G. H. Reid. M.L.A., in 1885. By instruction from the Central Committee I at once wrote to that veteran — now in his 86th year — General Neal Dow, the author of the Maine Liquor Law. I sent him a copy of your report of Mr. Reid's address to the licensed victuallers at the Town Hall. With your permission I present your readers with a condensed, "not garbled," report of the correspondence, not only from the General, but also from his Excellency the Governor of Maine, and the hon. the Executive Council and members of Congress in 1872. General Neal Dow sums up the effect of the Marine law thus:— " Now, what upon the whole have been the results of prohibition in Maine? 1. Every dis- tillery and brewery has been suppressed, and we had many of them — seven of the former and two of the latter in this city of Portland. 2. The volume of the liquor traffic has been reduced by at least 19-20th of its former amount, whereby we save in the State annually at least 12,000,000 dollars direct cost — and indirectly nearly quite as much more. 3. As the result of this great saving, Maine from the poorest State in the Union has become one of the most prosperous. 4\. Our people, in September, 1884, after more than 30 years' experience of its benefits, put it in the constitution by a vote of three to one, so that the policy is irrevocable without a formal popular vote." In writing to the Times (London 5th September, 1872), I quote from a long letter: The General wrote, he said, "To prove to the people of England conclusively that the policy of prohibition has not been a failure here, and that the condition of the state has been greatly improved by it, I have obtained a certificate from the Governor and Executive Council of Maine, and from senators and representatives from this State in the Congress of the United States. . . . Mr. Blaine is Speaker in the House of Representatives, and Mr. Hamlin was Vice-president of the United States in Lincoln's time. I am sure the matter of poverty, pauperism and crime in your country is of very great importance to the nation, and the question as to their cause and cure must be of engrossing interest to your people." His Excellency Sidney Perkam, Governor of Maine, and Messrs. J. R. Pulsifer, G. Weeks, E. G. Barlow, S. C. Hatch, M. U. B. Chase, and F. N. Dow, members of the Executive Council, wrote August 12, 1872:— "To give a full and accurate account of the operation of the Maine law in Maine and of its effect upon the liquor traffic and upon poverty, pauperism, and crime, would require much more time than we can devote to the subject and we therefore confine ourselves to a brief statement of the facts. "At the time of the enactment of the Maine law the liquor traffic was carried on in Maine extensively and openly, as is now in States, where the trade is licensed. The effect of the law in diminishing the trade in intoxicating drinks was immediate and very great. " In many parts of Maine the liquor trade has absolutely ceased to exist, liquor shops are unknown, and wherever within the State the trade exists at all, it is carried on secretly and with caution as other unlawful things are done. The effect of the law has been most marked and salutary. Poverty, pauperism, and crime have been greatly diminished by it, because vastly less money has been wasted in strong drink. "In some places and at some times the execution of the law has been fitful and capricious, yet, with these exceptions, the law has been well enforced, as other criminal laws generally are." Vice-President H. Hamlin, of the United States, and Senators L. M. Morris and W. P. Frye wrote:— "The immediate effect of the statute was to outlaw the trade. . . . In many parts of the State it is now nearly or quite unknown. . . . The favourable effects of this change are great and everywhere apparent to the most casual observer who has any knowledge of the State prior to 1851. We do not believe that the people of Maine for any consideration would again sanction the policy of license to drinking houses and tippling shops." This was written in 1872 and in 1884 by a 3 to 1 vote the people of Maine fixed the law in their constitution. Mr. J. G. Blaine, Speaker in the House of Representatives, wrote:— "I did not reside in Maine prior to the enactment of the first prohibitory law, and therefore cannot make a comparative statement from my own knowledge; but so far as my knowledge extends, derived from 20 years' observation of the cause of temperance in this State, I most cordially concur in all that is said in the foregoing letter." And a pithy foot-note thereto from General Neal Dow runs: "— As true of 1886 as of 1872." Prohibition a failure ! Yes, so much so in Maine that the wondrous good wrought and brought to its people is such that six other States have followed her wise example, and now the prohibition banner floats proudly over Vermont, Kansas, Iowa, New Hampshire, and North and South Dakota, shielding a population exceeding that of Australasia and New Zealand. The failure is on the side of the anti-prohibitionists in these States. It is because prohibition does prohibit that the drink traffickers fear it. Mr. Whitelocke has said that prohibition is a failure, so I presume he desires the law to be revoked, because, in a few instances it has been evaded. Very well, to be logical, let this revocation take place all round. We have laws against murder, incest, adultery, thieving, and slander. Expunge all these from our statute book, and "let every man aye, and woman to do that which is right in their own eyes." Are we prepared for the consequences ? Reductio ad absurdum. But before I close in scorn I fling back against the writer his uncalled-for insult to the intellect of our sisters. Aye, there's the rub, Mr. Editor. The temperance party find that they cannot carry the greatest religious, social, and moral reform of the 19th century without the help of the fair sex, and that is why Mr. Whitelocke and his host have such a fear of the women being enfranchised. It shall be so ere long; and justly so. Mr. Whitelocke complained, of the tyranny of half the community, plus one, over the other half minus one. Now, the women all the world over number very much more than half the people, and except in municipal matters have not a ghost of a voice in the great questions of the day. Hail the day when their liberty is proclaimed. I warrant it will be used with more common sense than by many of the sterner sex. "Get it for us — and we'll show you what use we'll make of it." Then, "they who, would be free themselves must strike the blow." "Dangerous it would be to allow them a governing voice in the affairs of the country," says Mr. White- locke. Indeed! The first Napoleon said "that the safety of a nation depended on its women." Behold ! a greater than Napoleon has decreed this is not wise, but otherwise. Ne sutor ultra crepidam. Pardon the length of this letter, but the matters touched on are of such vital importance to the welfare of the common- wealth that I ask for its insertion, believing I have proved that prohibition has not failed — ergo, prohibition does prohibit I am, etc., EDWARD J. H. KNAPP, Hon, Sec. Local Option League. February 3, 1890. 