Eccipcs. row: MAN'S GLNGKIL SKATS. He'asEee, ess cup; baiter, two tablEspoociuls,; -ginger,, one tabiespoonful; 6cda, one tablespoonful; flour enough to roll cut thin. Boil the treacle and stir in the butter, ginger and soda roiled fine, and stir in the flour while hot -, roll thin, cut and bake. D30PPED BISCUIT. E 'en housewives the most thrifty unawares At times are taken, when tbe varied cares Of life upon their souls as heavy sit As did tho ghosts on Richard's. Then mo3i fit Foz all who care their troubled state to cheer, And change to jocund smiles the starting tear. A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally there is not a crumb Prepared to eat. Then it is well to know A rccipe like this I give below. Take one pint- floor, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet, Mixed well within the flour. And then you take A teaspoonful besides of lard. And make Your dough, -with milk administered, to be Of mush ($coJ mush), the same consistency, Then drop (small quantities) into the paa,' And have your oven just ihfi heat (you cau) To maLc tbe biscuit crisp. Try it, pray do ! And you will say, I know, " Our thanks to you." P1ITED API-LIS DUJIPLKGfa'. . One pint of dried apples, cut, one-fcalf j pmt int of sweet milk, two tcaspoonfuls of baking powder and oue tablsspuonful of butter or lard. Use flour sufficient to make into small biscuits, aud drop into boiiing water aud toil quietly till the apples are dons. Cut the apples into small bits with scissor?, and soak ia warm waterbetore making. Eas with cream sauce flavored with nutmeg. CHICKEN PIE. Single and parboil a pair of chickens, cut them up and cook till quite tender. Uncover when nearly done and let the watir boil away till reduced one-half. Bine a large. deep pan with biscuit dough mado very | Bhrrt and rolled about an inch thick, and put in the chiokcn cut into finer pieces, with bultsr, salt, pepper, a dredging of flour, and thc-ir own nravy. Cover and bake till the upper crust is brown. Serve with mashed potato. luisn STEW. Cut two pounds of tbe neck of mutton into small pieces, put it into a ket'la with one onion sliced and a bunch of pot berbs nicely dressed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add two tablespoonfula of lice, t-immer ten minutes, add two potatoes cut into dice, and while they are cooking ton minutes i lonper, make your dumplings. Pt:t a pint of j flour icto a bowl, add a teaspoonful of salt and a heaping teaspoonful of baking powder, moisten this with about a gill of milk ; the dough must be soft. Form it lightly into balls, dry them on top of the stew, cover the kettle, boi! ten niir.utc3, season and serve. lAGIII DOEGn ECliriASGi!. Male very light brcsd- dough into email balls tho size of eggs. Have ready a P5t of water, boilicg fast. Drop in the dumplings, take care to have the water more than cover them. CcTer the pot and boil for tweufcy minutes steadily, without lifting the covcr. If it stops boiiing for a moment, the dumplings will be heavy. Serve hot vrith butter and sugar for detsert. 