NORTH MELBOURNE COUNCIL. Monday, March 3rd. Present-Cra Steel (in the chair) Laurens, Green, Fogarty, Barwise, Henderson, and Pilkington. Cr King signed the usual declaration and took his seat, in the annexation interest, for the first time. Or Laurens said that he was glad to see Cr King there and he did not think the annexation party could have made a better choice. He had the highest esteem for Messrs King and Barwise as two old resi dents of the town. Cr Fogarty spoke in a similar strain. Cr Green observed that he "hated fulsome laudation and was sure Cre King and Barwise would think better of the Council if they got on with the business of the evening, instead of indulging in that sort of talk." CORRESPONDENCE From the Treasurer's office, saying that he had received Council's letter asking an advance of £1000 in consideration of amount dueo as equivalent for license fees, but no exception could be made by the .Treasurer in regard to the statuable time. Cr Laurens said that he had been told that they could not get licensing money in February, owing to an alteration in the law. £3000 was due to the Council, but they could not get it as Parlimont was not sitting. The letter was received on the motion of Cr Fogarty and referred to the Finance Committee. From the Public Health Department, acknowledging receipt of Council's letter relative to the Boards' circular re typhoid and asking what action would be taken. Cr Fogarty moved that the letter be received and the Board informed that the matter would come before the Footecray conference. Cr Barwise seconded. Cr Laurens said that the City Council in this matter was under the same obligations as other municipal bodies and should be invited to the Conference. The letter was received the Board to be informed of Councils' action in the matter. From the Footecray Council re the health conference. Received. Cre Laurens and Barwise to attend and the desire was expressed that the City Council also be represented. From Tramway Trust re monthly expen diture Received and Cr Laurens moved that the Trust be asked to request that work ing men's trams be run morning and evening on the North Melbourne line. Cr Pilkington seconded the motion which was carried. From A Pigott of Haines street, com plaining of bad condition of right-of-way. Received, and the surveyor was instructed to bring up plans. From the St. Kilda Council, relative to a conference between the city and suburbs on sanitary matters. Cr Barwise moved that the letter be received and referred to any future con ference, and the two members of the council attend. Cr Laurens said it would be better to say at once that the council should send delegates to the conference. Or King said the question of a Metro. politan Board of Works was before the colony, and they did not want two bodies administering sanitary matters. Amalga mation with the city was what he had in view, and they should not delay annexation till they agreed with suburbs the other side of the Yarra. While they were willing to send delegates, they should not allow it to be thought they were deferring the union of North Melbourne with the city. Or Fogarty said it must be remembered that Mr Mansergh'e scheme would be an immense undertaking, and cost a groat deal. As soon as the Moonee Ponds Creek was put in order, there would not be a municipality in a better condition than North Melbourne. Cr Pilkington said the the city no doubt would be pleased to annex North, South and Port Melbourne, if they would agree to the city's terms. The motion was carried. From E. Dangorfield, saying that he was prepared to act as agent in the matter of negotiating loans, etc., or auditor to munioipalities. Received. From J. Hogan, complaining of the state of the Flomington road near his residence, and stating he could not get over to the trams, so bad was thle road One load of metal even would be better than nothing. Cr Ilarwise said a bungle had been made, but there was no money, and what was a council without money ? It was a shame the manner in which the road had been treated, and he hoped it would not be simply be patched up. It was decided to refer the letter to the Public Works Committee. \- Cr GrcoaLanid it csmed.now 'osuncilc?.re came there to find fault with the old ones, but they had heard that evening that the treasurer of the colony was keeping £3000 of their money back, and the rates were not in yet. The council employed a surveyor, and it was not their place to go rorrnd looking at the works in the town. Cr Barwiso-' Well, sack him.' Cr Green-" Oht yes, you can do that, but he is certificated as a practical man, and even if he does not do his duty his successor may be as bad.' Cr Laurens said he was glad they had gentlemen in the council now who spoke out and said what was commonly Sirmply gossiped at street corners. If the matter referred to in Mr Hogan's letter was a bungle, it was perpetrated by tile City Council. As Cr Green said councillors were not surveyors. FINANCE. Cr Fogarty moved that payments amounting to £1879 9s 8d be made as recommended by the Finance Committee Cr Barwiso said lie would like to know something more definite about an item of £71, credited to Mr G. R. Johnson for professional services as architect in con nection with the town hall buildlings. Cr Steel said legal advice had been taken, and the council had been advised to pay the amount. Cr Barwise would like to know what Mr Johnston got for his professional services in connection with the whole of the buildings. It seemed a great deal. He gave notice of motion accordingly. The report was adopted. PUBLIC WORKS. Tihe following recommendations of the Public Works Committee were adopted : Thlat Gracie street, in front of Mr Hogan's property, be filled in by day labor to such height as will abate the nuisance com plained of, cost of such work not to exceed £50. That tenders be invited for wood paving portions of Errol and Victoria streets in accordance with plans and specifications submitted by J. N. Kelly, engineer. NOTICE OF MOTION. By Councillor LAURENcs--That as it is manifestly evident that the issue at the coming annual elections in August next will be that of annexation, it is of the utmost importance both to Ratepayers and such of the Councillors who then re tire, that they should know officially from the City Council itself what that Council is prepared to do for this district, should a majority of the Ratepayers deem it desirable that this Town should be abo lished as a separate Municipality, and joined to the City, if the terms upon which they may be so joined, are manifestly to their present and future advantage. That therefore, the City Council be requested to inform this Council, at their earliest con venience, on the following points: (1.) Whether they are willing to unite, and it so, annex the area comprising the Municipality as two Warde, electing six Councillors, or simply as a single one, with tile right to elect three only, in which latter case this district, with a present population more than double and an annual revenue five times larger than it was when a Ward of the City prior to 1859, would then have no more representation in the City Council, now comprised of 28 mem bers, than it had previously when com prised of only 20 ? (2.) Whether they are prepared to pay all our liabilities, amounting to some £44,000, (fixed loans and overdraft in cluded), and annex on the clear under standing that this district will not then be subject to any charge other than the presert City Rates of is 3d in the £, in view of the fact that the annual revenue which would then come in to the City Concil from this distri:t, must be some £3,400 less than the amount now received by this Council, arising from the fact that the Rate in North Melbourne is is Od in tIhe £, and that this Council receives an annual Government subsidy of some £1,200, as a separate Municipality, which wouldt not be paid to tile City Council. (3) Whether, as it is imrpossible for the City Council to carry out more improve ments than this Council is now doing solely out of an annual revenue rctrally less by £3,400 than that now received by this Town as a separate Municipality, are they prepared to use the Iate mroney paid Iy thie present City Ratepayers, or frndrt other than those derived fromt this district, to supply us forthwith with several additional well lighted street lamrtr. And also, to materially improve the conditirn of streets now formed, make or complertr the unformed ones, as well as to met. aIll other Municipal requirements far rrnre speedily than can or may be done either by the present or a re-frored North Melbourne Council, which is clearly authorised by the Local Government Act, to borrow for a period of 30 years some £890,000 more than it has hitherto done, which sum, it is believed, is £60,000 more than is required to comrplete all the streets and moot all the Municipal wants of the town ? (4.) Whether tley are prepared at the expiry of the present contract for tihe sonpplying and cleaning rof closet panrs, the cost of which is now paidl by this Counrcil, to enter into other similar ones, in view of the fact that 4d in thie £ on the present annoal valuation of £173,000 does not produce a suflicient amount to pay tire existing contract? (5.) Whether they are prepared to keep the North Melbourne Public Library open under the present efictent management of the Library Committee, and pay such Committee £200 yearly; maintain and pay the presrnt Municipal Fire Brigade; and also pay to the Recreation Reserveo Committee £100 per annum towards its improvement, as now paid by this Coun cil 1 (0.) Whether they are prepared to pay yearly to the Ladies' Benevolent Society and Charities goenerally, on behalf of tles working man's district, some £270, as now paid by this Council ? (7.) Whether they are prepared to so arrange that the Ratepayers of Ithis district may still have the privilege of paying their Rates, and give the required notices as to leaky or neglected closet pans, the opening of footways, &c.;, &c.;, at the present Norlh Melbourne Town Hall, and also to keep its public Municipal clock lighted at night? (8.) Whether they are prepared to retain, either wholly or in part, the presncot officers and men employed by this Council, or compensate thiem for loas of office or position ? Or Laurens said that his motion did not argue the propriety or otherwise of annexation. The reason he desired to know the terms, was simrply that he was familiar with an Act passed at the close of last session, half of which was his own, and no annexation could take place except in terms agreed upon by the council and the city. The question of terms was a most important one and the 10sh section of the Act he referred to, showed of no reason why, in the event of annexation, the byolaws of the city should not prevail and theirs be abrogated, although this need not of necessity be so. Special charges could be imposed outside the city rate and it did not follow because they joined the city that there would be only one imposed on them. Referring to clause 8, he was glad to see that Cr King, at the first public meeting on the annex ation question, was assiduous to assure his hearers that the Council's officers and men would not be left in the lurch, nor would the town hall be interfered with, but if this were so tlera would be little saving in the matter of administrat on. They emst know officially, if there know ledge was to be worth anything, from the City Council what they would do in the event of, annexation. Cr Barwiae had said that he hoped the North Melbourne Councillors would be in the City Council, but he would ask was it possible for these nine gentlemen or half of theon to repro sent one ward 1 Cr Barwise-' I never said the whole nine.' Or Laurena said if they joined the city as one ward, they would practically only have three Councillors. There wpuld be four in the first instance, but one would be made an alderman. When the town separated in the first instance, they were actually saddled with a portion of a loan raised, which they did not get rid of till Cr King-' Hove' you grot the '-ircd relative to the annexation of Port Moel bourne ?' Cr Laurens-' Cr King no doubt is Cr King--'Oh, go on! go on l' (Laughter.) Cr Laurens-' No, I will not go on till I tell you how pleased I am to have that question asked. In the case of Port Mel bourne, the fact was the city coveted a piece of land and stipulated they should have it before they would discuss the matter.' Cr Henderson thought the Council had better adjourn, as it would soon be day light. (Laughter.) An article in the Argos pointed out the desirability for annexation, and the tendency of all the suburban Councils to seek re-union with the city. This was a laboured affair of Cr Laurena' and no doubt the matter would require a deal of consideration, but a 'ghost of a motion'like the one on the notice paper, would have no effect. It was decided to continue the debate. Cr Fogarty seconded Cr Laurons' motion and said the Council should not go at it baldheaded, but consider every line of it, as it was most important and the rate payers should know what the effect of annexation would be if it became law. What guarantee had they that if they were represented as a ward among 28 City Councillors, that no special burdens would be imposed on them. Cr Barwise said the City Council would never look at Cr Laurens' questions, and the time had come when the annexationists would have something to say. It was absurd to ask the City Council if they would continue to light the clock and attend to the other trivial matters that were alluded to. Members of the North Melbourne Council were rarely to be seen in the town, and look at the streets in Carlton and the North Melbourne portion of Elizabeth street and see the difference. If the Council carried on the way they were doing they would be in the Insolvency Court. They did not want the services of men who were everlastingly sitting on a rail waiting to see which way tile cat was going to jump. Why did not Cr Laurens resign and abide by the decision of the ratepayers. He did not believe in his questions at all. They were an insult to the City Council and the annexationiste. Cr Pilkington thought tile thanks of the Council were due to Cr Laurens for his valuable motion, and when annexation was the best thing for the town the Council would be in favour of it. HIq thought the way in which the annex ationists had thrown down the gauntlet was uncalled for. Cr King said he would move an amend. meat on Cr Laurens' motion as follows That all the words after 'evident' be left out and the following substituted:- ' By the two recent elections that a large number of the ratepayers are in favour of annexation; that a committee of the Council be appointed to make the best terms with the city.' Cr King said that when he received the notice paper for the meeting that even ing he felt humiliated and ashamed. It was unworthy of a councillor holding the position of Cr Laurens to parade on paper such a number of huckstering, trivial interrogations, while the question in its larger aspects, was entirely left out of sight. Annexation was a matter of great importance, but these resolutions seemed to overlook this fact and laid hold of small points and brought them,forward as if they were most potent arguments. If the question was prominently before the rate payers, as these resolutions said it was, whly wait for August cre testing the feeling of the town. Ieo cast no reflection on those who dliffered with himi, but a petition had been largely signed in favour of annexation, and hundreds had told him that tlhey were ratopayers but their names were not on the roll. While however, it was ditficult to get up a petition, it was not difficult to ascertain the mind of the people on the matter. Should the Council wait for the petition? They had hadt two elections and they know the result and it would be well to know at once whlo in the Council was for annex atios and who was against it. No one haol declaretd himself against it, and why not appoint a committee to go into the osatt,sr of terms, instead of slbmitting small queastions to the City Concil. In isa, city they apportioned tile revenue equirably to thie different wards, and in 1888 the rates amounted to £70,410, and tlinsa year bad increased £81,976. The city peont their money wisely and well where it was wanted. In 1888 tle incomeo was £195,345, and in 1889, £220,781 5s lid. The markets brought in an ismmense revenue and where could they spend it? In thle three wards in the city is was found impossible to spend the revenue in one between them, and he hIad this frsms a gentleman in a position to know of its authenticity. Thisa surplus then wsuld, in the event of annexation, he spet in North Melbourne. Would the person whose namne was attached to the motion give a straightforward answer to thl:so argumnents I He thought not. It was absurd to ask tile city whethler they would nmake a differential rate for them- it was quite time enough to do that when the measure was proposed. The city wouls be proud to have themn back again, and would look after this part of their territory as much as any other, and endeavour to miake it what it should be. It was no use Cr Laurens trying to throw dust in the eyes of the townspeople. Cr Laurens--' MIr Chairman, I rise to a point of order. This sort of language may do very well for the street corner, but it won't do here, and Or King is not in order in using it.' Cr King said he would withdraw tile expression, but at the same timeremnarked he was not in the habit of standing at street corners buttonhloling people like some one hIe knew. Cr King coontiuuing, said that the city would deal liberally with North as with Port Melbourne, and the idea of Cr Laurene mentioning thle recreation reserve in regard to its maintenance was ridiculous. Even if the city refused, surely there was enough public spirit andi energy in the town to keep the reserve from decay and ruin. Then again, tihe Ladies' Benevolent Society was mentioned and so forth. They should look at the auestion in Its broead aspect, and not pore over these minor points. Annexation was bound to come, but they should not in effect say to the city 'Do you want us to join on and if so, what will you do I' Cr Hooederson seconded the amendment. He was surprised at Cr Laurens' motion, and it showed him to be most biassed. lie talked in his motion:about the 'work men of North Melbourne,' surely working men lived in other districts and were com fortable enough-it was absurd adopting these tactics and quite beneath one's dignity. The Council had done its best but they all felt the want of progress and there was the city with more money than it know what to do with. The last two elections were sure indications of the feeling in the town. As theyo were not going ahead it was their duty to approach the city. IHe would be glad to see Cr Laurens Mayor of Melbourne, and he would have great pleasure in attending his ball. (Laughter.) The chairman said the amendment and motion were so much alike he was sorry they could not be amalgamated. The annexationists were rushing in bald headed and should reflect on Cr Laurens' utterances relative to the difficulty of annexation. A vote was then taken as follows: - For the amondment-Ora King, Hen derson and Barwise. Against--Or Pilkington, Laurena, Green and Fogarty. For the motion-Crs Laurens, Steel, Pilkington, Fogarty and Green. Against -Ora King. Henderson and Barwise. 'The motion was therefore declared carried. 