Ll I 'I: Fun and Fancy. | A serious case — A doctor without one. Of what ought a kite to he made ? — Of fly paper. What kind of ships are most like scissors ? — Cutters. A song heard near a hive : " Bee it ever so humble, there's no place like comb." When a man drinks like a fish it doesn't follow that he is in the swim. The potato is said to be deteriorating, but it made many a mash in its better days. Visitor : " Do you love tbe piano ?" Lady : " No ; I prefer death by electricity." " Oh, you have the paper ; please look and see if anyone we know — has been born." Science and art have advanced so fast that a much larger diamond can now be bought for a dollar and a half than for 150. Sniggles : " Well, my motto is, ' Live and let live."' Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." " What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered : " Two mothers-in-law." Young man : " Will you give assent to my marriage with your daughter, sir?" Old man (firmly) : " No, sir, not a cent." The Misogynist : " Yes, sir, it is woman's mission in life to make fools of men." The Philosopher : " What a sinecure she enjoys, bless her." Wife : " Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering in his mind!" Doctor (who knows Benjamin) : " Don't trouble about that, he can't go far." A_ 'U. .u -K ,1 mv I m irn asks " if it is the pink faces of American girls tliaircnariYr so many foreign admirers ?" Ho ! It's the girls' greenbacks. Mistress : " Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget ?" New importation : " I did, mum, but it will be some time before it gits hot. fur the fire's out." Mistress : " Korah, you must always sweep behind the doors." New Servant: " Yes'm, I always does. It's the asiest way of getting the durrit out of sight." He presented a lace collar to the object of liis adoration, and in a jocular way said : " Do not let any one else rumple it, darling." " No, dear, I will take it olf." Robinson : ".How about that note I hold of yours, Brown ? I've had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown : " Why don't you get it shaved then ?"0 A little girl, who was entertaining guests, was advised as to their amusements. Draw ing herself up, she replied, superbly : " My dear, -I have played with children all my life !" Julia (aged six) : "We've got a new baby at our house." Clara (aged six) : " What is it — a boy or a girl ?" Julia: " Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." " What a bold thing that Miss Phlurt is !" " I should say so ! Why, she actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach to day just as I had got him to notice me." i Judge (to police oflicer) : "Are you sure, Sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Oflicer : " Is it drunk, yer Honor ? Shure, if he had shpoke through the tilliphone the breath uv him wud have made tlie poles shtagger." ' Wibble: "I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coats ?" Wabble : " If you Were a country parson with £150 a year 'Salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that." Bridget : " Shall I lave the hall lamp fcurnin', ma'am ?" Mistress : " Ho. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissed me three times before ilie left, and gave me £2 for a new winter bonnet." It is said that mice are just as much afraid of women as women are of mice ; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are restrained irom communicating the intelligence to the people. , A man passing through a gateway in the dark ran against a post. " I wish that post .was in the lower regions," was liis angry re mark. "Better wish it somewhere else," said a bystander, " you might run against it j again." : Poet's son : " Father, what does ' handi- I capped' mean?" Poet : " It means — ahem! j — in what connection did you hear it used, | my son?" Poet's Son: "In connection' ,with you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because i you were handicapped by nature." j Maiden aunt: "You display a great deal ,of agility at tennis, my clear. If I had taken Isucli exercise when I was young, I should be a happier woman now." Athletic Heice : ! You flatter me, aunt, hut I suppose you are liglit ; X had two proposals on the grounds yesterday and one to-day." j Ax Intelligent Juryman. — " Have you il'ead anything about this case in the papers ?" 'asked a lawyer of a juror in an exciting cri- minal case. " No, sir, not a word." " Not a word, and the papers have been full of it !" j No sir, I don't read papers, nor any thing ! else, for I can't read at all." The juror was Sworn. i First Doctor : "You have been spreading ; ihe report that I have poisoned several people , In this town. I want you to apologise." j 'Second Doctor : " Certainly. I don't hesi- j jtate to say that there are several people in i ibis town whom you have not yet poisoned. I ijlope you are satisfied now." j & Affable Clerk : " Can I be mistaken ? ilsn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so , (pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?" ; jHis Customer: "Why, yes, I am Mrs. i Crozier, and I remember your face, but I j thought you told me you were engaged in j religious pursuits ?" Affable clerk : " This I IS the nun's veiling department, madam." I $ Young Lady (entering hook store) : " 1 1 want a new novel — one of the latest out — but j 1 have forgotten its title." " Here's a ' Mid night Marriage ' — just published, and it is 'having a large sale." " Was it written by a Iwoman?" "Yes'm." "Have the news- jpapers denounced it as not fit for a young Uady to read ?" " Yes'm." " Then it is just the one I want." jl Einstein (to his partner) : " Isaacs, you jyas oud late lasd nighd, I zee. Dot must Stop, Isaacs ; no more drinkin' dis mont'. .You hear me, Isaacs ?" Isaacs : "I don'd .drink in peesiness hours." Einstein : " Dot make no differ. You drink ad riighd, and ,effery morning your hands tremble so you igan'tshow a customer any of dose sheap pants mitoud shakin' de buttons off." :- A pianist recently spent the evening at the house of a lady. The company was agree- lable, and he stayed somewhat late. As he irose to take his departure, the lady said, " Bray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want you to play something for me." " Oh, you must excuse me to-night, it is very late, and I should disturb the neighbors." " Never mind ' tlie neighbors," answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned our dog yester day !" ' Miss Arabella Lieyier: "I do not mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend. I could be happy in your wealth of affection, and some vine-clad cot " Mr. jWardolf : " Pardon me, dear, you know I am Only a j>oor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished room, with a sewing maelii.M buzzing overhead, and some fiend Jselow cooking cabbage ?" Miss Arabella : May hi. George, dear, we'd better wait after nil." Wife (11.30 p.m.) : " What's that horrible odour ? Smells like alcohol." Husband : 4t Yes, my dear, we use alcohol at tlie lodge lor initiations. Take some alcohol, light it, put some salt m the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light— makes folks look like ghosts, you know." " Wife : " But that Odour comes from your breath." Husband : Yes, my dear — in the thirty-seventh degree I personate the chief demon with the flames Ooming from his mouth. I take a mouthful Of alcohol and n swallow of salt, and then 8«t fire to it. But, ln'dear, ytfu mustn't tell Ibese things. Secret s'cicty. Secrets very 6acred, you know." It has been said that the Indian name fqjr ditor is " Woralcrlo-che-nesli-he-lff r tunr," rather wordy but accurate. > 