APRIL FOOL. By 0. L. Briarmead. Humpty Dompty had been in the theatrical business a number of. years before he found his . proper sphere. He started out as Leonidas Mowl, in training for/ an eminent tragedian. He never got higher than a utility man, carrying letters and delivering easy messages. Then he thought tha. perhaps lie cpuld find a niche as genteel comedian ; but, though he "studied several roles, and applied to every manager he could meet, lie found no opening. Yet he hung oh to the skirts of the profession all the time, made a precarious sort of subsistence, and filially was quite a feature in pantomimes, , though the salary he drew was still slender. . Pity, he thought, that pantomime did not last the year around ! "Still, my dear," consoled his wife, "the blessing -is that one can economize better at any time in the year than about Christmas ; and it is about Christmas time that the pantomime flourishes most. Let us he thankful." Mrs. Leonidas Mowl was also connected with the" stage — a1 patient, hard-working woman she' was, who at times earned rather more than her husband ; and who would no doubt have risen a great deal higher if she had not been so unmitigatedly ugly and so unfor tunately liable to neuralgia that she never could guarantee an appearance. There were a number of minor Mowls that had been accumulated along the way, who were apparently more of an expense than a blessing, though Leonidas and his spouse were all the time willing to aver that thejr could not keep house without them. They were a little extra expense, of course ; but, as it would have been just as hard a struggle to make a living anyway, what was the difference? So Leonidas had managed to drift along to the Winter this story opens. Mrs. Mowl was more than ordinarily under the weather, and the baby was sick most of the time. Nevertheless, in the kitchen council', she and her husband oliep.rfnllv said t.liaf. f-.Lp.ir prospects for comfort never looked quite so bright. The pantomime was sure of a long run, . Leonidas was on the bills in- large letters, the ghost walked at stated seasons, and though, as Leonidas declared, no one else could be got to fill his place at the same money, the carefully husbanded salary covered the needed expense of the snug little four- room flat, and actually left a little something over to be laid by for a rainy day. Even if their present prosperity did not last, Mr. Mowl was certain of employment at more moderate wages for the balance of the season. But man only proposes. Right in the height of the season — in the middle of the run of the most success ful piece' the Eolly Theatre had ever put upon the stage— a block dropped from somewhere up among the flies, and struck Leonidas fairly on the leg. The crack was heard all over the house, and there was no more 'Humpty Dumpty for him. It was fully . six weeks before he feebly hobbled out on crutches and made his way to the theatre. By that time there was something else on the boards and the manager had very little time to think about him. "Sorry for you, Mowl. Don't 'mind helping you along a trifle, out of my own pocket, mind you ; but as for something to do, I can't see any openiug. You're not strong enough yet, man. Go away for a month, and by that time I'll see what you're fit for. I want to do what's right by you; hut you know yourself that I can't support the earth, because the earth once iu.a while supported me. There's no rhyme nor reason in that." , .But Leonidas drew himself up with a remnant of his old tragic. fire, and declared that it was not alms he was after, but work ; and that if lie was not strong enough for that now, he would wait till he was, ami meantime he would call around from time to time to show how lie was getting along. It does not take long for the fifth wheel of a coach to get recognised as such. Those who had been calling him Mr. Mowl during his brief days of prosperity, spoke of him as " Old Humpty Dumpty " or as." Old Mowl" before many days had gone by. In a few weeks he was lingering around the Folly like a ghost, more hopeless, more wan, more weakly than when he first crawled out of bed. Rations were awfully short at home — the snug flat had been given up, and the one room they had bundled into was neither cheerful nor healthy. Mr. Breezv. the manager heeairiA linvdov n.nrl IioWIai' to get a sight of, and the end of the season was coming perilously near In a couple of months the house would close, and unless something came along soon, Leonidas and his family , would have to think about barn storming in the rural districts. " Nothing for me, Mr. Breezy ? " Leonidas had managed to surprise the manager, and threw his question at him like a hoy throws a brick- holding himself all ready to run. "By Jove, Mowl, I don't see what we are to do with you, unless someone leaves you a fortune. . You haven't any rich uncle that you know of ? I want to see you well enough off to manage a company yourself and play Hamlet." " And Mrs. Mowl as Ophelia ," threw in Mr. Breezy's visitor. " Confound it, man, if she didn't die with the faceaehe every time there's a draught of air from behind the scenes you wouldn't have - to be dodging round to catch managers. You would have enough to do gathering in the shekels that she was making. Perhaps prosperity would cure all that. You are sure Christina has no millionaire relatives somewhere in the bushes ? " . " Thank you, gentlemen ; hut she has no rich relatives. Neither have I. We'll just have to starve together. I gave up all idea of Hamlet long ago, and now, with this gamey leg, |I am hardly fit to jump through a practicable clockease. Gentlemen, it may be fun to you, but it's death to me. " " Oh, come, Mowl," said Breezy, speaking more seriously, "we don't mean to make fun of you, at all. You must see that I can't sign a contract with a man who can't work. That would be too funny." I'll tell you what it is though. You have- . been around the Folly until you seem to belong here, and I suppose I must give you a chance. I'll put you on as a supe. , at a pound a week, until you are wanted for something better. I guess you can earn your money. Of course, when you hear of that legacy, the bargain is off, and I shall be happy to take your company on the road." V If it lasts until them I shall be perfectly satisfied. Mrs. Mowl will be around soon, and then we will be able to get along till something turns up. Yery many thanks, Mr. Breezy. When do I go on.?" " Oh, Monday night— or, perhaps, you had better begin at oi.ee. Won't have much for you to do until the new piece ; but you may as well be on the pay sheet. It is where you belong, I suppose." Leonidas went out, and Mr. Breezy turned to his friend : ." There goes . a man- that has been egregriously swindled, if he only- knew it;. I have been sending his wife thirty shillings a week, and now I have com promised for a pound, and his work thrown in. " Mowl, however, was not aware of any swindle. He went home treading on air, and told his wife all about the interview, even to the joke about the. legacy and the parts of... Hamlet and Upheiia, at which she laughed a little wearily. - After that Leonidas went faithfully to the theatre, and at the end of the week drew his money with the rest, as large as any of them. " No legacy yet, eh ? " . said Mr. Breezy, meeting him behind the scenes. " Well, well, we'll have to attend to that. Somebody is trying to swindle you out.of it. The matter needs looking into. I want to see you as the melancholy Dane before I die." Leonidas shook liis head and said nothing. He.. was getting tired of the joke. '/'V And yet he was fated to hear of it again, and again. When he came home his wife looked at him curiously, while she put a letter into his hands. He opened it somewhat hesitatingly, and allowed his eyes to run over the lines. Then he gave an ex clamation of distrust. " What is it, my dear ? " asked Christina. "That confounded joke of Breezy's again. I must say he is running it in the ground'. Here it is April 1, IS — . Leonidas Mowl, Esq. — My Dear Sir: We take great pleasure, in informing you that by the will of the late Eugene Titus you are made heir to ten thousand pounds. The conditions attached to the legacy are, however, a little curious. The interest on this sum, which is invested in Government bond's, will be paid 1 you for life, in any event, upon furnishing, at any time, satisfactory evidence that neither you nor your wife have been inside. of a theatre for one year, the ' principal becomes absolutely yours. Otherwise, th'e remainder, at the death of yourself and wife, is to go to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil dren; If you will call at our office further particulars . and a copy of the will — will be furnished. Respectfully, Long & Lane. " If it was not a settled principle of mine never to quarrel with my bread and butter I should call upon Mr. Breezy with a thick stick." "It is cruel, Leonidas; but Mr. Breezy hardly, thinks so, or he would not carry it so far. He is the kindest-hearted man in the world, if he does like a joke. And this you know is the first of April." "Of course I know ; and the idea of such a joke with such a- cripple as I —is — oh, too wicked. I have a great mind to tell him so when he begins about it, as I am sure he will. " " Better not say anything at all. Then you will have the satisfaction of makiug him feel disappointed. Don't let on that you understand him. Perhaps lie didn't write the letter." " Yes he did. I would know his writing as far as I could see it ; and there is the mark of the station." Mrs. Mowl happened to he of the same opinion as her husband, so she did not attempt to argue the matter. They both went to sleep, and the next morning the letter was almost' forgotten. - The next night Breezy met Leonidas, and looked at him very sharply, though' there was the ghost of a smile on his face. He even raised his hand as though about to speak ; but just then a hoy brought liim a message, and as Mowl hurried away the chance was lost. Next pa- day Mr. . Breezy handed .Mowl his sovereign. O ' ' . " Sorry to lose you, Mowl, but of course you will have to go. You might have said something to us about your windfall. Allow me to congratulate you, anyhow. And don't you come asking me for the courtesies of the house, and all that nonsense. You're too old a bird to pay your way ; so, if I catch you inside of the Folly for a year, I'll feel at liberty to break your head." " But, Mr. Breezy," stammered Leonidas, "this is , very sudden. Have I failed in anything? You en gaged me to the end of the season. You are treating me very badly, if you are really in earnest." "Treating you shamefully," roared Mr. Breezy. " Why, you ungrateful dog, would you rob your child ren of their inheritance ? I was to keep you on until someone left you a legacy. I thought I was electing myself; and now when fate, Providence, and every thing else have conspired to let me out, do you think I am going to see you cut your own throat, and break me all up ? I've heard of meu that were stage.struck before, but you take the cake. Go away, and keep away. If you come in here again I'll have vou kicked out !" "... Joking or not, the manner of Mr. Breezy was very, earnest, and Leonidas beat a retreat, never halting until he burst into the bosoin of his family. " No use, Christina. Now we shall starve. Breezy meant that letter for a bounce, and I didn't take the hint. To-night I got it grandly. What have I done ? You must see him and find out. Perhaps you can pre vail on him to change his mind. If not, what is to become of us ? Go at once. You can catch him before he leaves." Mrs. Mo vvl only took time to muffle her jaws and kiss the baby. Ordinarily she had a good deal of con fidence in Mr. Breezy, hut there seemed to be some thing extraordinary in this. The baby; snuffled and moaned and worried for several hours,. so, that Leonidas had his hands fu)l until Christina came hack. She looked neither as desperate nor as despairing as when she went; In fact, Mowl suspected, at first sight, that she had made some satisfactory arrange-' ment. . . . " . ' " Well?" he said, placing the now quiescent baby in her arms. " Well, Leonidas Mowl, I think you are the worst April fooled man that ever lived !" ."How?" " Will you please tell me who Eugene Titus really was?" " Confound Eugene Titus ! I don't suppose you mean Adam Breezy ?'.' " Not a bit of it. Mr. Titus was your father's sister's cousin, or something of that kind. He said he saw. you on the stage once, and your acting, what little there was of it, made him sick. As a relative, lie intended to make one effort to save you. , It's all down , in the will — for I've been to see Long and Lane — and the ten thousand is safe enough. We'll move out of this hole to-morrow ; and the next time you get a business letter, I'll see that you answer it." Five years have passed since Leonidas Mowl began to enjoy the yearly interest of the amount flamed in the will of Eugene Titus. The principal has never JJUwil. ICUUbCU KjKJ JJUOOGOBlUil y cbilLl. OllUOt/ W 11U JAliUVV Leonidas best say that it never will. Regularly on the 31st of December, in family conclave it is- resolved that, beginning with the New Year, the theatre is to be abjured for the space of three hundred and sixty- five days, six hours and certain odd minutes. The chances are that the next night sees them in the front row at the Folly. They know that the resolution is to be broken, and the sooner it is over and done for the better. At the same time' Mr. Breezy has been forgiven, and none of the family can be said to be very sternly opposed to a little ".April Fool." «»»» " : ' 