VABtOBA. [By the Staff.] The air of Hobart seems to have a pecu liar effect upon journalists, if we may judge by their mode of doing business. Time after time has attention been drawn to the fact that the cablegrams are daily filched from the Daily Telegraph and in serted in the columns of the two respect able Hobart dailies, and they neither admit the charge nor deny it, but still keep on at the same old game. A weekly (very weakly) is published from the Mercury .office, yclept the Tasinanian Mail, and in its last issue its funnyman thus speaks on the subject :— 'The Daily Telegraph has got it8 hair oS because two of the Southern journals (we ain't in it) are said to have been filching its telegrams. The D, T. ought to be very glad anybody borrows anything from it ; but it isn't much hurt after all. Time enough to yell out when somebody copies one of its leading articles.' This is excruciatingly funny more especially when the reader turns over to page 16, and upon the first column he will find the paragraph about Bishop Parry that was stolen (not borrowed) from the Daily Telegraph and inserted in the Mer cury as from its own correspondent. The remark ' We ain't in it ' therefore proves that to the vice of thieving must be added that of lying. The immortal William said, 'Who steals my purse steals trash; 'tis something, nothing ; - But he that filches from me my good nama Bob's me of that which not enriches him, And makes, me P001 iadeed.' .Query— How muchWquld the. Mercury and- .TasmanianjBIdil lose.jf some, one made an attempt on their good name ? ???*?', A good little story about an old ex 'Xauriceaton P.M. has1 been T dug up, and is .hurled at us as:an original -yaini buii it dates back as far as Michael Angelo Cleary or Josephus. A case' of ? some interest was being heard at the local'1 court,' 'and while the. P.M. was addressing, the i prisoner, who had been found guilty of disorderly be haviour and- being a nuisance, the. priso ner's brother chipped in here and there a .few exclamations which made the Court smile. The P.M. put the brake on when matters were going too far, and in a voice like a cracked foghorn said, ' You're a nuisance, sir, and I'll rominifc you.' ' Beg pardon, sir,' said the noisy one, 'but you can't commit a nuisance here.' But h» did. .'*.*. ' A number, of Victorian -men of mark have visited Tasmania this season,' says a Launceston paper. Well, if they were not men of mark when they went, they would bo marked men when they returned, or the Tasmanian flea has lost its vitality (says Mr Punch, of Melbourne). The. Tasmanian flea is as vigorous as ever, aad taking ad vantage pf the ''genial weather,' has bottled off enough human blood for the winter' to give a banquet every night.' The Tasmanian flea is a steadier and more methodical worker than the. Collingwobd Plat mosquito, and' not I so accustomed, to bad language as her Victorian friend'. ' The excessive, oppressive, expensive heat Which has been staying -with us longer than we cared for is answerable for a lot of things which have occurred lately, one of which is the appearance of spectres. One of these stealthy nocturnal visitors was ob served the other evening gliding noislessly, as if to surprise a sleeping prey, in the vicinity of Lower Patterson-street, near Mr Alfred Jones' residence, and when sur prised by a resident of Falstafflan propor tions (a paper man); who lives in the neighborhood, it took up a position at the end of the wall and looked as terrible as theghoat of Hamlet's father peering from out the battlements of Elsinore. The white shroud and attenuated frame had for a back ground, the deep dark shadow of the trees, and when the newspaper man, who, smok ing the calumet of peace, was strolling home, a sharp rustle of the leaves startled him, and turning beheld the grim phantom glaring through the darkness at him. But he was brave— he offered it ninepence (all he had) if the ghost would let him. go home. He began to whistle to compose himself, but a male and female cat darted through the fence witha horrid screech, then he gave a fearful bound, and when he came to he had his arms round a post. The pers piration came out in cold globules on his decent-sized nose, and he listened for the distant tread of a policeman, but no —the only thing visible was his nibbs- in the white raiment, who seemed to look more horrid as the suspense increased. However, by the aid of the fence he managed to walk backwards till he got to the corner of Mar garet-street, and from there to his gate (a distance of a hundred yards) he moved at such a speed that no chronometer yet made could register the time. It was about 35J times the speed of a flash of Fiji lightning — and he was safe. But he was brave, for he was not afraid to pass it next day about 11 o'clock in the morning when the streets were busy, and then, though he got a friend and a mad dog to accompany him, he passed the spot quite unconcernedly ; the vision, however, was still there, and it's there now in the shape of a piece of brick wall about five feet higher than the ordinary wall, and this had just bean given a good coat of whitewash, but Mr Jones omitted to acquaint our readers oE the fact. 