THE RELIGION OF GHOSTS. SPIRITUALISM IN ITS SPURIOUS ASPECTS. holding oommunioation with the spirits of the departed- extraordinary loquacity of the medium. pathos and bathos in one chapter what the spirits say to the dear ones on earth- TIIKY HAVE FIXE TERRACES OF HOUSES and BEAUTIFUL GARDEN'S TIIAT NEVER \- .tFADK. A Criticism uv ScRrr.vrrm. Superstition and false religion have clearly not yet taken their departure from tho world. Inmost region we shall find those forces so utilised as to be productive of much miscrv and miffcrine.- The nature and oxtcut of tho ovil will depend chiefly on themanuer in which they are nut into ope ration. 1 have always heard that Mel bourne was conspicuous for its advanced civilisation ; that thcro was, indeed, very little of the "darkness of ignnranco" to l>o found xvitiiin tlie colony— a colony xrlicro all must be educated tosxtisfy tiio inwof thn land ; ami that tho rcmnanU of Old World follies and foibles were dissipated under the rays of the Southern sun. Such, hoxvever, is not the case. Glancing ox'or the adver tising columns of a morning paper the other day, my eye was attracted by n brief notice, which seL forth that the usual " spiritual circle" was to be held that evening at a house in a northern suburb, ami thattrjcml ami " liix'cstigatorx " would ba xvelcomcd. 1 determined to avnit myself of thai invita tion, Some eighteen montiis ago I contri buted a series of articles to Tqr. Hr.UAt.n, xvhich dealt with spiritualism hi its broad general aspect and exjKwed certain so-called "slate-writing phenomena" nt that time being manifested in Melbotimo through tho mediuuiistiu ' powers of a specialist named Evans, to xvhom you sat privately at a guinea jKTlicad — that- is, if you were afflicted that way. He wo a sort of inquiry offico ou everything relating to tho mighty dead, nnd to liim. without scniplo, they entrusted iiieraavcs to their friends on earth. As a rnlo they wrote their answers on his little sh-xtc, Kvans supplying the pencil. Some wonderful messages appeared ou that slate. One xx'os from Win. Shaksperc,. in which the deceased playwright intimated that he had ceased writing both plays nnd poetry. Hero, in'this little advertisement, appeared an opportunity of lesruiug some thing further alreut thu crccd of tho Spiritualist. ' sr.lj(ck .tsn Ctnct.ns. In day gono hy I heard and read a good dent of " seances" and "circles," nnd had been astounded nt the gullible nature of tho |ieoplc wiio frequented them, and gave their cntiouragingpUrnuagoto the mediums, Tbo.xo confiding votaries had plied mo with nil manner of legends concerning the doings of spiriis in their abode in the realms of space. They told mo that they bad seen phosphorescent poiirtraynls on tlie walls of cclohritica who . walked tho earth at a time when Ulysses was on his xvamicrings, and whom Ca-sar ruled iu Rome: thatrihadrach, Mcslnxch and Alicdtiego had testified in per son to their own reality : and, further, tiiat tnen who had left tliii xrorld bruised, bat- tcred, and dismcmlrered by tiio hard usages of war and disaster had revealed themselves, not as truncated or limbics# mortals, but in ix complete physical outfit, all testifying to . thu consummate happiness and felicity of life in thu ethereal regions. All this sounded very grand, very poetic, very in spiring : but it was far from being practical common sense. . Tho reasoning of individual who detect insuoh phenomena thefonndations of thrir faith, must necessarily Ira romantic to a degreo. After receiving tho foregoing incidents of tho scanco without envil or question, there xra recited for my edifica tion all tho minor feats, such ns tho diatiiluig of street music from invisible harp by in visible lingers ; tiio sudden ami unaccount able flight of chairs nnd tallies from one end uf a renm to tho other ; a teapot nude to ' talk, aud the diabolical clcnranco in ono fell swoop of tho xvhole of the crockery from the tabic, just a one xra# tagiiming to " chirp- and ex nand " under the ngrccalilo influence of muffins nnd toast. It xvns ail to no pur pose to suggest, iu reply, anything ol the voluntary "musiool tho spheres," or to hint that a drunken man could agitato tho furniture,' or floor tho crockery, without being fortified by any spirits otlier than those ho could procure frtun tho tavern. This xvao nil resented as' tho .scoffing of tho nCcptic and tliu nubollevor. Tho spiritual " circle" is tlie same mania in a milder form.A a rnlo you will not thoro find many of theso disturbing dements. Tho "medium" is content to bring about tho conversion of beginners by a milder npptica- tiou of tho spiritualistic tonic, and optical dclnsintt is not resorted to until tho caso becomes obstinate. 