BOOROODABIN TO THE POWDER MAGAZINE. In Boorocidabin and at Breakfast Creek the | flood -waters bogau to snbsido at S a m on the 13th instant, until, as evening ap proached, a very aDpr.eiable differenoo in the height of the water was noticeable. AU day long the boats plied to and fro over the surtsco of the waters between the Break fast Creek bridge and Bulimba. and at night-tim", fitted with bright lights, thoy still continued thsir work of rescuing peoplo and property. In passing through theea flooded distriets anmo very startling things were noticeable. Startling, inasmuch as they were indication' of the dangerous height to which the wator had risen in some of the houses in the division. Of course lots of tho smaller domeetio articles could be eben drifting with the current over the watery waste since Monday night, but these were sights whioh were only to be expected tinder the circumstance*. On the 13th instant, however, ohairs, tables, sofas, and other larger articles were to be seen bobbing np and down in the muddy water, mailing their way to the course of the swollen river, and from there to the bay, unless, perchance, some of the numerous craft, whose owners were all day paddliutr about, either wiih the laudable motive of saving all that was possible, or as perbapswas mors likely, endeavouring to er.richthemselvesby a little salvage, took them in tow. All day long hundreds of wretched men, women, and chil dren were to be seen at the edge of the waters, their gazes fixed in the direction o! their humble - but dearly-loved homes. These people ap* ' parently had no motive in thus, standing and watching, but at such times as this reason is a thing which is not in much request, for deep feeling has usurped its place. It was indeed a pitiful sight to watch thorn as they stood there by the hour turning their wistful eyes to where nothing was to be seen but a weary waste of water and the miserable homes. Great strong labouring men, dressed in moleskin tronsers tucked op t > the knees, with weak wet miser* able-looking babies in their arms, stood beside their wives and children hardly speaking a word except perhaps now and agaia a humid whisper. It almost seemed as if they wt re conscious of some mighty force at work all around them, a force which silt-need their tongues and made their hearts beat as they had perhaps never beaten before. Along the pavement in Ann str et a large number of children had collected, and those who belonged in the majority oil instances to those who for the time being had lost their houses, were wet and bednaggled and looked hungry and tired. Along the Various srreets in the lower portion of the Vall-y all day long the work of removing what goods were to be got at in the water-eur rounded bouses went on. These goods, which for the most part consisted of bedding, clothing, and the smaller articles of domestic furniture, were brought by the boats to the land, from whence they were taken by their different owners to places of safety. In this manner a lot of property was removed, but owing to the small number of boats avail able for thi* work, a great deal more must have hern ruined or swept down by the water. In Victoria street a bov 24 feet loDg was manned by a crowd of young mea who rowed up and down the diff-ient utreeta yelling and howling and making tb » deflate day and night sdem still mo e isolate. Thebigbe-t praise is due to Mess s. Leney, Thorpe fining, and Hen derso? for their iGdaf-tigable endeavours to prevent lo«* of life and of pruperty as also to rend1 r th« lot of the homeless and destitute as happr as they could uadtr the circumstanced. A Tfltqraph re* orter seeing a tall, and evi dently once "troog man, of the labouring cIam, standing for a length of time gazing with a vacant eye over the tnrbid waste, edgel np neater to him for the purpose of watching bim cl sely. The splash in the water beriie him as the reporter came up from betind seem d to startle bim, and be gave a bait-frightened glance in the dirtction from whence th-j sound had come. He, however, soon recovered him self, and again fixing his eyes on the water in a line with the Bu imba ecbel ing works, re lapsed into bis old condition of seeming vacancy. 'I he reporter was curious, and deter mined to find out this man's hi-tory. He ma-' e a comnnnphce rem *rk concerning the floods to . the ooor fellow at bis aide, but the man gave a tiunoyllabic answer wiihont shifting hisgaze. " Is your home swept away ?*' asked the reporter. •■No." " Y-u have l*t none of your family by this AohJ ? * "No." It has b<*n and will prove a bad time for working man after what has gone before" hazarded the reporter, who was determined ;o engage the man in conversation if possible. The remark bad the desired effect, and the p-ior fellow's face teemed to have been trans formed by the change from the stolid stare to the interested look which was apparent in his eyes. "Yes,sir," he said, "a harder time than you or anyone el«e who don't know what an have hid to put up with these list four months, can ever goess. You se« that arm" and be bartd a long gavat arm to tbe shoulder, and held it out to the reporter's gaze — "mell, all I can say is, hat that 'ere arm I wouldn'th&' known six months ago if k had been shown me." "Doyou mean to say that there has been such distress as that in B isknne? I had no idea that such w»sth* case." He laughed a hollow, rattling laugh, the very ghost of the pWsmt, hearty, merry souud wkich one usually associates with the word, 44 No, I guess you didn't kn^w. Why should yiu? It ai t no concern of yonrn. You've got plenty, so why should you know?" Ho was talking wildly, aud there had come a savage tone into his voice—the savageneei which hunger and misery inevitably produce. •4 Tell me about it," said the reporter. " No. I've got nothing to tell excepting this I'm amis, a strong man, as is willing to work, the wet w uldn'c let me, cause there has been none to do. I had a sick wife and five children •»nd my ready money wasn't much, but I reckoned that, God helpln*. we'd manage to pull through somehow. The misans, she was rick, and the kids, will, poor little beggars, their lives 'sin'; been too harpy. 8he and them had to have focd, and they gotit, but, har'n the days when I've got an odd job at a few shillings", I've took one squaro meal a day, and now I can't get that My missus is over there in my hiusa, and I'm going over to her now as sooj as the punt cornea in. We managed to get a bit- of tucker together, and >he and the kids must be hungry. Yes, it i9 raigbty bard," he eaid in answer to a remark by the reporter, " but we've worse to come yet." Just then the punt came in, and the man stepping in sat - down in the stern, and with the old vacant look in his eyes, fixed them onoe more in the direction where all that made big life were surrounded by the turbid water. In speaking to Mr. Leney afterwards bo .y.- assured tbe ZVfeynrpfc reporter that a fearful ***-amount of misery aud destitution prevailed in the division. Nearly all the loVriying portions •< ate covered with small bouses occupied by • f unifies of the labouring class. Most of these • have been thrown out of work for tbe \- past four months, and have been just keeping existence together by the little ' credit allowed them at the local' stores. As these are for the most part nearly submerged they have had to lo°k hunger in the face, and do the best they could under the circumstances. ' It was nece?39te to provide food and shelter for at least 30 of these people. On the Break • fast Creek road, the water was 6 feet deep " - .in places, and all traffic bad to go over Bowcn Hills unless tbe drivers or riders of horses were • prepared to swim for some 20 yards. On tbe night of the 13th from the bridge to tbe Hamilton Hotel the road was almost \- completely under water, and the Board's ooata \- hod to convey passengers foi the greater part of tbe way along the road. It is not known whether \- any further landslips have ocourred owing to there being no distinction possible between • the river and the road wht-ie these slice • have occurred, but it is feared that tbe long subsidence which occurred on Sunday night has become of a muoh \- more dangerous nature. Hie w*t r still . covered nearly tbe whole of the Albion read, and ^ from Edmonstone street to the hiich bills at the' • btok' and the Albion side of the vporta ground 1 - was one continuous sheet of water. The Ar* ' watta attempted to • get round the Bah'mbt > bend, but, as may be surmised, the . attempt was a vaia one. The dreadful force of -1-v • tbo curreot as it sweeps round brought her \- - c -baric in spite of the heavy pressure of tt*am * 2whih had-boa got up Bound sbo was . broug t fcV'fo* and swifter still until it was r' feared that she would ba nsrept sway on to the jangej »ook* which line the Hamilton side of r' the river. Tt.tr^ was no stopptag her in spite •'.of;lh«j tnhrhiy exertions of the powerful en * > gih<* \t i.pt the anchor was go' ou-, and ' inn ia tim-i. » a.i dropped as the large vcf*tl \- got - oj.p.% ite the new concrete sUbles at toe • foot-of Xfr. Baxter Bruce** re.tidsncrt. She \- uo.f -'Ilea about 10 yards trcm tbo lanbrna ] . -.. hed|L e wi iufe Jivid^s thb river from the rord at f *. "-.»hi« point. • A Telegraph jepO'tcr hailed the ; »■ ve^s-l ftf'er»»hi hat been bmagnttoa stand * . : ./tilb TV*tvt.'taiu hid given orders ft»r sound i«g, aol the '©%d showed a depth of 23 fvet. I \- .Thecdpuin then '•aid that for the present his | " thip was quite safe, and that before tbe wa'er could , go di>wu sufiiriently to put tbe | ve?sel aground he would bi able to • shift her fr.-m ber awkward pjfition. ' At this point tbe bo't m is of bard • ■ T'wk which extends for tome o Deiderable dis r. t tinea out into toe river. At the fo I of the , ov Nudg<*o road tb& whole of the va*t tree fltt . ' under.water. -The Chinese fishermen's huts, ;<V^hith »re utuatvd on'the ba k of the rivfr, Are" 13 feetnntier w*t»»r, and th* Chiu«F« hn^e be.nforcdto adopts novel mod#1 of finding i belter. • The? have anchored their large fi-bi»g boat cut near their submerged Lut«, and with a \- few boughs have erected a framework ever tbe top.,Over this framework they have spread tl eir ] . sails, and are as comfortable as they can be ! • *uider! the'circumstaaces. A Tchgrjph re porter took a boat and vieit*d-(h: (In imt ?}• -house, but the current p% s'rocg tb*t tbe \- "■-- 'boat came into the Chinamen's impto ise* -lodging. wiih a crash that e:ait)ed out of their five—?r rather, ihoy being -Chinese, «ven—After iW ,-^.fchad picked themselves uj from the floor • f tho . : boat they thrust their heads out uoJeruenth the : eaiLto find ouV what was the last dsvAcpment of the flood. When assured that it was only a ..newspaperman they calmed down somewhat aad'pegan to discus- tbe tita*tii*i; "Alice same, newspaper man, tou nokoockleboalallee pieces* next lime," grunted one fat celestial ,.,r*whohad evidently suffered ty the collisiou. "They told tho reporter that they had b^n r, forced to mount * higher and higher as tho water rose on the Monday night, until at last \- they had broken through the roof of their buts, "• - from whence they had managed to get to their boats, Leaving the celestials to ruminate upon the event, the reporter again mounted and pro ceeded in the direction of Eagle Farm. Between tiie Nndgee ro*d and the p*.wder magazine there are long stretches of water, tut, CMnparatmly speaking, the road wu* five until •he lower end of E*/l*»Fa«n was reached. • AH . along the riverside of the road was flooded, and feftthecrop3of corn and potatoes have been • destroyed. Near the powder magazine the •: water became both wide end deep. There is a narrow strip of toid which wir.d« in ani out, arid unless one knewe its ex ic: location i*. is \- almost useless striving to keep it. Having . ^ wa ud and hWam for sinie di:»t i* c? the powder •v.' niag<z*ri3 loomed iariziit, audfrom a punt 300 yards ba^k alo?g the road t.othing cottid bii Keen but tbo ru-hing w-it-;re at»d the tops of tho i trees as th*y »- waved to w»d fro b neatb the! .. n'rong forroof the vurrvnt. The rrporter at I • last reached the rohidece of Mr Necnen, the ^ keeper"of th» p<.wdcr mag^rine, ar.d bav ing- wi h djffi-.Tilty reach d the vtracda, ' hsw Mr.- Keea»n -ia a boat j-ome dis» t. nco from the h n?e. After fome difficulty \h* house was reached, and Mr. Krenan, wet I aud tired-lcokimr. ►teppsdon to bia veranda. ( After' a Tclrgnph, repre^ntiitirc bad <x plftiDed who he was, Mr Kctoan extended h:s ; r hend and .wdcom;d him to his then i±Und ... Lomo. • •" We were afraid, Mr. Keeuan," said the reporter, 4t lhat yon wero in & had state down ;.tfcit!way, and the Telegraph was-determined, /.oome, what might, to see how thmgs were \- goicir on about hero." "*' ■ "Weft, I am afraid that we have been -getting on very poorly," said Mr. K-enuu V with a " You have seen and can for yoursflf just about how we are situated, al \- v4- though the water has. been muth higher than it is at present." • '" How &b;:nt yotirerplorives, Mr. Kcenan f" .-queried the reporter. "You know wo have > b *en feeling rather anxious about it up in tie cjty in spite of the fact that there have leen so many other things to engage our attention. "Well," replied the keeper, "toe main magazine in w&ieh; tbe powder is stored is quite Bale, as you can eee. When the flood wsb at its highest it still wanted a foot before it conld reach the door." "It it had reached the door would your stook of powder have been destroyedP" "No," answered tho keeper. "You see it is this way: there are tiers on tiers of shelves on which the powder is placed ; well when the water reaches the lower shelves we can easily remove theoasffl to higher places, so that with a littl - care no water cruld ever get to the powder unless the flood roso some 12 feet higher than it ha* jet done. "You nave no dynamite in tho main maga sinef1' asked the reporter .< " No,** replied Mr. Keenan," All the dyna mite is stored in .the three magazines on the flat." " la there any danger of the. water reaching this dynamite?'* 14 Wdl, I have just come from there, and the case is not a very bright one. The middle magazine has been inveded by the water, and the dynamite has been covered." 44 How is this dynamite done up ?" . 5 44 It is done up by the. makers in supposedly waterproof end airproof cases, but experience has taught us ihat it is not safe to say tbis without ibo saring word,4 supposedly/'' "Is there much dynamite in this.building, Mr. Keenan ?'! - . . Y 44 Yes, a .considerable quantity. One thou sando^ses ofit are btorcd.there.'V , . . "What quantity is,in.each castF'queried the Tehgraph man. .. . • - "There are 50 lbs of the explosive in each case," returned Mr. Keenan - 44 That is, there is 50,000.lbs. or 25 ton? of this dangerous explosive stored .in a magazine wh*-re it is quire within the bounds of pos-i bility tb -t tha water hss reaobed it ?" tbe re poi t» r asked. •♦Yes You have stated the facts of tbe case."'etnrued Mr. Kteuan. 44 Wh'.t quantity of the'- explosive stored in this middle building is gelatine dynamite ?*' " I cannot stato ju-t at present, for I fcave not my books with me, hut.I should say that there was a g eat quantity of common dyna mite th< re " . 44 The g^latino dynamite i? safe, even when expo-ed to .water, is it not:" , •4 Yes the nitio-gKcerine does not come out of H live *t diva in the common dynamite." 44 The c-.mmon cyuamhe when expqsed to water becomes ddtigerou*, and may < xplodo at any moment if subjected to a sufficient con cushion ?" "Ye*, it is daog-rous stuff under those cir cumstanced, but I cannot tell yet ) ow it is u(f cted. Of course it may nor be touched at alThese last words were said ia a very dubiou- toce. 44 Po tho facts of the oase are these Mr. Keeo&u;: You wavs in this middle maga zine 11- leg* that 25 tons of d}uamitef wliich has bt-eo cove e • with wa'er. A largo portion of th:B dyiwmito is wh*t is known as comtofn dynamite. Aoy severe concussion may at any moment explode that djnamite and blow the whole e ty rky-high." "Ica'.not tell tbe resits o: saoh an ex plosion." 44 yTell, we know tb»t gome years ago only two c~62s of this nnt.rinl exploded, a**d the *Wk wuh Mt »ery severely even In South Brisbin*. Argirntr f*-om that known fact, ,we can onlv finn» to th« o •oclusien that «be effects of an explosion of «»uch a. vast quantity of dyna mite A tu d be attended with the most disss tthtH ra«n'ts " . Mr. Keeuan wn« ►ilent, and thereporter having aloiigbirttch of dangerctu country to cover, made a ra,ve in tho dir ctiou of his horse. As he rode along by tbn>tib*nerged magazine, tho thought c^rae into bis head, 14 Wh*t if a yood big heavy ruft of. lags, or even a large sized bou-e were to come down on that swift current full against that middle magazine? Would the concuB-ion be sufficient to explode that vast mass of dangerous material P' As tins'* thoughts flew threw the reporter's mind, he involuntarily spurred his weary horto into a canter and pa«sed alqagiho flooded road to where a'great mass of water stretched out from the river as tir as the eye could reach. 