MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. BY W. C. I\ 1 MPet begin bv suiting that I never cared forpnrrote— in fact, na a child, I dis tinctly feared prid disliked tbeiii. Oneof , toy curliest. rfftllectionA is tliat of n pomA ' fiSi-tL ktid imii "ij,, ivt";n Lt oJy nciboratutcd (>y conntTci, J thougb.t 1 in i gbt venburo to tenpe ioor roily, n, creeping under tlie fnbh'. I very gently pulled lit tail. Deeply moved find incensed by ibis insult, 1'olly flrw straight nt inc and 'hit my finger. I ftcknowlcdgcd the justice of the punishment; etill, in fright nnd pain, I pcrcamed alnud, when my aunt « nd ruitfA Jtey -tg . ilj " . restored tYic outrnged' pnrrnt to line cage. Tlic next Jhy, on being let loose, it flew straight r.t nin, ond tried to j>eck in y eye? out npd iijt my ciiccki ; jf never forgnvc the injury, but tried to bite me wljer.uref it tyb .l«oc, flyihg ct 1116 hnd peCihg Y UflrtiY-er it ijnuld, till flt jaut Jt bemthg ti' end tcn-or fcq me, find lrenrnUA'me inters of thr. wrong 1 lipcl copiiijittcil <ng6iuF|t V Yc1- ond hulrf.it ot luft ghost, to my Jicncc'of ?uiud apd'it mistress" regrck Thp nevt pnrrol I became acgurunted , with did ur.itupG to exult his mcp in my ryefe. He Itelongcd to ft fca cajitntn, and wc cpnie across Tjim jh lodpngs at the rea- »-idc. lib language wds profanity itself, and beridrs Hint he a Ule-bcnror. ' liobcrt kissed t:o cook; oh, fie I" wae Fcrcntned out hvhim suddenly One dny, nnd liy this a discovery vyos made of n love ftorv, winch " slimk the pillars of domestic lwuce ; " n jee'ous bouseniaid having taught IHiu the jihrnsf- . , w I plwnys think of this parrot ns a "bun, for 1 should be grieved to think of rry respectable liuW-bird di- grpping hon-clf nnd srx by m'tt 11 h'ig. big D'f " tliat unrighteous bird lwd daily. My lliinl iiarrot friend vrns n grey one, r.r.d belonged to Admiral Blank- also n sea going hinl. but Iiiiv different had been bis i-tfueiilion? Bo was a thorough gentlemen, full of enrre orsftlinn on many tnrics, lever at v liiMling, and able to sing r. good s.-,ne v, hen ow-asion ofTeitrd. It was in the Brazil.- 1 met him. We nil lived iu u lovely Tftnicn plt.-iclied to the hotel, where separate fit tie hnuscc wei e built, earli with sitting nnd bed rooms, cionling to the require- j umntfi of the nutlt. We lind one bouse nnd Admiinl lliuv.L cuolber, find Tolly u>nd Ui spend Jiis time in ft large cnge perched ilji in n free, vlierc he vat Yen.- hujijiy nr.d enmersationn, and became quite friendly vitli n:e us 1 guve him fruits and other delicacies. Mow, there was a huge negro slave, up wards of six feet liiL'h, as black as a coal, i but a girat su ell, attired always in most j spotless' lilv-v. J i i t c duel, suits und ft Will white lull, 'who was told off to attend to | those garden liouses. his name wfla . ' 'White, " on the incus a vrrn hicmnn prhi- ciple, 1 presume, r.nd "TYhilcl YYlutr!'! irreght ofU-n he heard shouted through the | S rtlen in tlu sttntori; u touts of Admiral i lank; when Mh.ite vnuld fly villi on, obedient start from the kitchen of the hotel | hard-ky. One morning I had seen the , admiral start off. resplendent in uniform, | and knew he v::6 gone ; 1 was surprised, j tlirrefnre, to hear "White! White ! " calltxi -, in his tone cf -voice. 1 could not under- I stnnd it, as 1 had never left the garden I since be v ent away nntl hud not seen him return. Neither could AYliitc. He cnnic ntnt'.ing r.nd jjerfjiiring, wrnt to Admiral Blank's houtr, and then looked nhout the gn.nlen.hut could not find him, Then.sup- jjosing tic had made n mistake, ho returned to the iv ory- tectluvhgrinninp.blnck laundry maiiif, in the criurtshiji of whom he- liad been interrupted. " White 1 YYbitel'' once more resouimcd through the gardens, this time in verv angry tones. M bite came in foar and linsle to find — no one; and the illusion was repented severe! Limrs that day. I sjveid>- discovered tluit l'olly was tlu"' caller, anil, aluel next dny so did White, nnd in his anger nud spite "he would hjive killed the bird lind 1 not been tiicre to Tirotoct him. Many n fniitluss run did l'olly give him after thot, for mnttcre's " B'hite ! " cud Folly's '' M liite ! " were al>so- lutelv iadistingui-luvble. Soon nf t»T this it fi ll to my lot to be possessor of two panots, and bitterly 1 relieFcd against the decree. It hojijH'ned thus: IVe wont to Indiu, and 1 was com pletely fnsrinnlcd by the crowds of green parrots wc saw in tlie_pb'ins. It wes a never-failing source of delight tn it :c la see tbi'in flying in flocks, often hundrrds ut a time, willi the rays of the descending snti glistening on llieir eiiinmld-greeu plumage ; or to sin n tree desutule of leaves umde green by reason of tlte multitude of parrots tliat bod Fettled on it branches ; nr o; nin. at f-iuw-t, to see the gnen pniTotc living nbout tlic white inniiilo minnrctE of the glorious Tuj-Meliul.ordai ling obmit, frolick ing in the expiring my?. To inc they were the must lovely of India's birds. Oue scene connected with jierrnts is, from itsprjfeet beautv, often presi-nt in myxnind. At a certain residency, one of the linest in Moihliern India, there is u fountaiu con- sUntly playing, and in the curly morning the parrot? gather together in vastnumbers to drink nnd bathe m its running waters nnd basin. To see their graceful curves «nd upwaid fligiite Ix'forc daubing tlirougb arid just skimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in so doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living Imppinesb d i flic ill t to suqHis. The jjnrrots at this residency are almost Larue, l'orevcrj' mom ing Tour or five caged onus lire let loose to Ik: fed, end down coiuc all the wild ones to share their fensL The early morning is the tiine to see thiise birds at their brigiitcft ond At the fir>: glimpse of the rising sun they forenke their niglit'e retling-plaivs und fly shrieking forth iu search uf food, and ori many n tree thev Mfiy Ik1 seen pulling off the precious beirins and fruits. Alas! the inahli's fgardiHier's) liemt does not witrin to parrots, for their nature is to work destruction wherever they go, and they pick off nnd destroy for more thfin they eat — ns the un- rijKi mangoes lying ct the foot of a mang oe tree will testify. Seeing iiij- admiration of end enjoyment in tluiae green jiarrots, my friendfi, with whom I was stopping, decided it would be nice for me to liave two to take back to Knglnnd villi inc. In vain I represented to tbeui that it was the beauty and life of t.he wild ones 1 admired, and that 1 thought /raged oil Co would be so rry representatives of their kind. But no, the fates would have it otherwise. Some misguided parrots built their r.cst in a hole in the saddle-room wall, and Bome of the voting birds were taken out and brought into the houFC. When I inspected tliein I could hardly believe they were jtar- roti. Tliey looked like very yellow, uglj", skinny frogewith white claws nnd a red liflflk, and pot a vestige of a feather, and more firmly than er a I declined to have ac>tliingto say to tliem. However, thoy were put in n bosket nnd fed cverj' two hours cm a sjftem of dough 'pills poked down tlieir throats and washed down w iUi ; wntor, nnd to my disguet J was expected to assist the ui to til ese delicious repasts. To edcjto my troubles one day a inun arrived with a cage full of liijl parrots, two jiarer.t birds, and a family of young ones. They seemed in the last stage of exhaustion and starvation, so we fed I hem all nnd said w e would buy EOizve, nnd returned the others. Tbo inan tent hack a >olile ine&=nge-Xhat now we liad Couched the birds, it would break bis caste to tike them back, and ; linlcss we would buy them all be must kill : them. 11 e felt grieved to tlunk of their tin- \- itimely fote, eopurclinsed tiie whale family; , <hongh it was _DD light mailer <to cazjteiu- pUte stuffing ax more birds with pills — the young lords were -even uglier than our iown. tliougb the parent bird6 were lovely, bright green with red on each wing, and e tod ring round the neck. Well, the time for fhv departure arrived, and 1 said noth ing about the parrots, and fondly Loped : jtbej |i»S been -forgotten; when as the., drain . about to more off, up I jarno a aerraat with a little cage con- 1 Cainmgtw.oypunglnrdaandatrron-n paper i ' pureed 4 contain ing dough.-. I felt a good. politeness mado me pffer the best , JJmiklf fawld muster uyi Sn xny vexation. Kft'vrb rUrtrd, and very soon the birds < fcagaktoatkeacrooningtiolsfl- « sound I fMafteanxbS Jo dtt,-for it mernt that dfcyWre laingty 'and tlmt the time bad Vltli I t&Sk; luctn on nr lap. oixmod SbferrSfllla, -Jtirn abocL and rioked the. gyp/ ' 'aat fiie Toijjcdo" my skirta, a «gn (he "Wbale; lobbsd if lie werr IllSM dying, which was his of repletion, ibe above were tho nAtuns of my new protigto, the Torpedo having gRiued las soubriquet by his siugtilar habit of bolt- iug heftdforemost anywhere and in tjnng the moment he had eaten enough. Tbtfp whs a popular song some wars ago allied. Torpedo find th. «P the latter name follo\red«KVurslly fof rav friendtfthough 1 had qBl-pfliOfifd tjlfc ratpi m'oJ was the lipgirmitfR of 'npBur renfi|9 administercil' dAv nnd night for stnnft daj, when quite suddcnlv Torpedo pot on on entirel) new Fnif of the vivhlrst greyu with long blur tail-fcr.tliero. which with bifi little bright red bill twuifformed him from being uglv to n tiling: of beauty ; nnd one doy, at M'ftlfon's lintel, Knmbny, he suddenly flew from the balcony riglit round the room, so, in fwr hi b« tkau'W fl>' J cut In win p. The vVliaTe ronhnuixl ugly, sulkv', and of an uncertain temper, raiirh bullied by Torpedo, lialf its size. Tliu>' Ft. 1 rc- ailiri'd twtiUK wish Die pij!. Tlie Toyngr , bnmc rlicy jirrfonned in a Lnpket, nnd Torpciln biicnuic fO trmir, he would follow inc pbnut .tlje thip jlUt? h little dog. At tjiis (Ifiic |hc>". required nhftbit of birieking ear-picTflng yells. Il'cy ruatluri Knclftud ip tuiniuer, npd eeejceil very well while the vyqrjn wegtSief lostfdj but suddenly in- tcnfely rdld frosty wcalbw set ni with sleet and snow, and the poor pomMs looked anil seenird jpi.C|,-r;ible. One night tlic tlicrmoiuetcr sank to di'priMs below p.cro. About eleven o'clock ut mht 1 heard the little Torpedo rustling abnutHiid trj ir.g la get oqt d its onge. I took jt to the fire, wanned and fed it, and It wrnt f»u=t pcop on my knea. At lest I put it beck in its cage, covervd it well up, and went to bed. Tlic next mom'nig iuv Uennan Iioufp- maid cnniQ to my Twdroom nnd said, "Oh. jnudftin, J hnvc ?urh ferry bod news to gil you. You vill be so foh-y." 1 conjured her to trll me the worst at once, but she kept me in 5usji»nFc Fome time iouger, repent ing how grieved 1 should bo, and nt hist handed nie a ne.wspni'cr parrel containing niv little Torjirdo Iving dead. It appears she found the poor little send on t!u- floor with its head between a hookenpe and the wnlh frozen to death standing upright. _1 tried to revive ii in every wny by juitling B near the lire., &r.;, but ell iu vuin-Iifc was c-xliuct. It is now FtufTed nnd under n glass case, but it hriF Inst ell Imld on niv affection, rfi it is not one wh.it like my living, snuev, loving, mischievous Torpedo, llie VS'bnlc wftg now li ft alone in liis glen-, iirid rupidlv improved iri postion. lie iMiFallowed to sit in the upper jiIrccf of l.is imnienn' cage, whereas iu the time of j the la It- Jan:enled Toroedo, lie lind always j been roiupelhsl to tube tllfi lower room; i liad all the tit-biL-i to cat, and developed in wisdom nnd good looks, and jiroduced red 1 feathers on bis wings nnd a rosy riru i ornund his neck ; his tamjicr became gonial, j ami he learned the noble art of couvcrea- . lion, and, to tin? eervoctfi' delight, called them all by their mmcs. Until pamttj had a wonderful facility for making tli'niFfllrcs I ni.-prrted, but at the same time ingratiating thiunfelves willi other animals. Many r time I have gone to the kitchen I end found it empty of dotncFties, but the J whole floor swarming with animals, viz.: j rix pug>, father, mother, cud four little J onrs, one cut and one kitten, a huge Mount St. Bernard dog. and a canary, cud amongst . tiicui all, prouiily ft ml ting uIkjiH, Tor)>cdo 1 and the b hale. If bco, Die big dog, ivwo in front of the fire, the jinrroti? would J calmly piocli hie hies or hit tail till he . niade'plucc for tbani; and the kitten and , parrott played games together, rolling over j and over. The AY'nnlo, amoncfit other ac- i compliflimcnLe, posseftfod a love of muric, and whistled just like the canary. lie also pTatJy enjoyed inj music when I pjhicd, | but he preferred tcalw and cxurciscs, his j taste biung purely dflseiail. M'honc\rr I j Jjeg.'in the former he would climb up niv ( divss on to my Fbouldcr. mid there flutter , nbout j us t as if he wxre taking a bath. , Tliou one by one he would abstract my hair- j pins, till r.t" last icy hair would full d»wu, iuuI iu thnt he would plunge end bnthe with extreme relish. This wus not on Qruiiwuiout he was often pennitted to indulge in, how- I i-ier. At this time we had a "bultonF." 1 | Hnbinson by name, vko vnp the cross of j I erervbodv in tl;e Jiousp except Ids mrsler, | ! wlm" cnntimmllY tnnk hip part, r.nJ c\\- | plained that cU his Ehnrtermings arose , j from ton much jx-Uicont goienuuent in I the kitcln-n. One day the H'bnle was j nnitterirg to liimsdf a go-id deal, and nt j last el'urlv dt+ivered h.itnu lf of the Joliow- jing: " Hohinsim, Bobinfon ! win.lt'Yer are I von doing, vuu bud loy! Inure a very ! in light v bnv. Co to Ihk nt otiCK sir ! 1 - i yi'ij Jiear ? ' end Ibis /warily in t)> r:.nl; s _ ! vnirp; nnd lifiisf' to sc'Od liolnu.cr.n ioucly ! in ft her won's also, show ing the frvqtn i-ey ! i-.f the tiling in bis bearing in t r kitrli. n j v.l.ere lie In'td. lb- loved to lj out in the j garden, and would climb a tree villi grout | ng'ilitv and joy, pulling much of the bark rff as I e csrendcd. Ik' ntld the X'Tpedo i 1 i i;ti. i \ jurkid to pieces and druu'lishod a fr.iouriti' wiektr nnnchnir which niv ji;nlhe:-:/i-l.iw had given us Iu krvp, ami tlir.t she greaily t alued, whicli was n;ii ! I\'e rti'oii'.ed u>on re\csiung India, nud L i ; i? que.-lion nro»e, B'liat was to hnrcune of the IV h.-ilc ? He liud_mnny Kngh-h lirmths and homes nt his disposal, for J;e had en- urart-<l Liniself tn man y jicrpl i1 by l is w in ning way s nud clever talk. But we r->nl ed to let I i i m nnre lnoie enjoy the gorgi ou> : Fast nnd I lie scenes of hip-early youth, fro w e , got u siftjilJ cag-p, out ufi Ijji long tail so j ha f he might 111 in, made a r< <1 ha ire nun tn show off his roiriplu.vian — 1 ni'-n n hi.- given , feathers knight some bird fei-d.nixl there , wpj- 1 'ollv, mi yr cliff cnvijifet fur lit e vnyagi1. He 1 i k u - 1 the sen, ami v ftp very hilnriuu.-, j talking nr.d whistling oveny and innking friends witli e\i,r\''Uu\ He u.-ud to »-'t jk? relied up en my dcok-ehuir, wbile 0M.'iy- one hrouglil. him iluintie fri ni tahh1 end iJ.'C Yjinous ports wc stnpjird nt. Ilu're was an ru Cross- cn Iward, tin? ei-lohnit.-d Mile. I);isli, "tlic Sylph of the Arena." She wus not a fmuuritc iu the Fliij'i. SIii-whf loud in her dre.-s, speech, and lnanr.ei-s. an-l of a thirsty tmnpemun-nt. One day she had fallcu sw eetly .islc-e)i on a deck-cliuir, it h. her mouth wide open and enuring, with a mad hnish di.-jduy of fioh-enhjurod silk slochingr. 1 saw the Whale observ ing her, and presently, before 1 rmd;! catch him, he climlxal down try chair, skurried nrross the deck, r.nd ohm! rd up her shiny shoes and pink silk legs It must really have lieeu very pain ful for her, ns hi? claws w<rr i.y fdinrp. Pile woke up with a loud sonnui of bitterest nnguisb, ond I hurried uj' tn upnlngisr- and to rescue her from Jut awk ward position. I regret to sav that so jijurh the worx for hmnftn nature uirny of the passengers rejoiced loudly at her iai.rioitii.ne. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and wo arrived «t Mcdrus. There, at the end of our f.itting- rcorr. wiif an immense vcreindnli, and here the Whale lived, jdeuted to renew his acquaintance with tugorcane. but disgust<-d with the ants and crows. His foo-I had constantly to be? changed on account of the former, and the latter used to c/ime and eat his breed nnd wuter; then Iuf rage and fury were LTrihle to wjtncff , and all the pcoldir.g he hnd lo-irniHl, intendi.il for llobitiFon. be levied nt their bends, and finally learned to caw exactly like tlicy did. Here we ret up a Madras"? " Itoy," and lie kejit. Diat un fortunate tcrvnnt jirclty busy running about eg he learned to call "boy!" belli in his nmi-tcr'.s and ruistrtf/s I'oice. lb: liFitnl Cftlriitt-i, (deylnn. Ctid various planes in India, and gained health, strength, rnd now' w«»rd e in his native land, end leanit to flatter ujc by calling out "Fn-riy, j-n tty wjicr.ever be Mivine, During bit resilience r.t thr above-mentioned iiortbcjn jire.-nh nry the lioor little k-llow bunuuc very ill, p.u>cd for lij-enlb, rofured oB food except what be tnokfroin my lips, fluffed up hi feathers, unit looked pitoously at we for help ; he ewmcd perfectly miserable except when jicTrlmd upon bv hand, Uie only time be ever hcemc-d io deep, and in fpite of everything wc tried, he expired cue morning, to cur great grief. Wc felt 86 if wc liaa lost a dear friendjOiid truly xvc had, forhc had du-crod «e up In many a ploomy moment by hit cheery and affectionate ways. He was buriofl in a lovely garden liriglit with varied and fmgrent clustere of blossoms— a fit roeting-ykice for such a child of nature. 