BY GILBERT PARKER. _ Scene.—A ConventJjy'Jhf-Sea. _ Frances. . | r "a* 4 I "V ■ e COME back to you Sister Seraphine, Back to these quiet rooms, these holy walls; I place my hands your gentle bands between, Here at vour feet mv bitter sorrow falls : So many{days I£sat here as a child To listen and to iearu. so many years TJntil I came to go into the wild— For such the world is where I weep sad tears; Here I washappy, there I am perplexed ; Here was the shade, bnt there the burnine sun; A voice said * Learn,' * I love thee' was its text; And now, alas! the lesson is all done. 81ster Sebaphine. And wherefore done ? What grief seeks here a balm ? Speak low., through me God listens and be calm. Frances. ' I loved him well, but'he is gone from me: 1 gave liim back bis ring and 1 would give Him back his kisses if such thing could be ; We walk apart while he and I jnay live ; • \- He stood so proud, bo strong-, «o quiet there When I reproached him for his faithlessness; 1 badehim go and kiss her golden hair ' And leave me not the shame of his caress ; They told »ne lie was false to all his vows. That love of me had fled to her sweet face — . He who had kissed me on the lips and brows And Bwore I made heaven in my place. Sister Seraphixe. And you believed him false '{ Frances. I cannot tell : . The.thought was bitter I spake augcily, But all the time I loved him, ah ! so well— Could he not. swear, unto his loyally ? He only said 'Do you believe it then V 'Was not all plain ? I cried, 'I do believe 'What worth to question further*:' ouce again He Baid, we parted, at your feet I grieve ; This place is holy, else I could arise And curse them as God cursed in Taradise. Sister Seraphine. Listen n y child. 1 have a tale to telL A tale that wakens from a buried past; No sadder ever heard the sad sea-shell That murmurs to the sands where it is cast; Doom-deep of lives that lie beneath the foam, It sings to beat of God's great metronome ; Of quiet dead it tells unquiet things, Of secrets buried from all human eyes, Of lifes last struggles, of the souls of kings, Of peasant's faith and children's lullabies. Of messages that never reached their bourne. Of those that left untimely hearts that mourn. And here from out that other life of mine 1 take a shell and bid it sing to thee ; Mark how the tale it tells is like to thine As yonder ships are on the quiet sea ; For thy sake whom I love I read again My so long voiceless sorrow and my pain. I, who am old with silver in my hair, A sister in this convent by the sea, Was once as fair as any who are fair And loved the world and loved the sun to see; I laughed the days away in hope and pride. 'There was no cloud upon my happy brow ; I am the ghost of that bright self that died And life is graver to my vision now ; Love came to crown me, love with Donald came— . ( He was so brave, tbe bravest of them all. Fresh-faced, large-limbed, with strength no man could tame, And voice e'ear-fashioned as a battle-call. It seemed at first that Christ had blessed our love, All was so sweet so full of warmth and light; I did not know a cloud could hang abo'-e, I could not think that love might knotv a night. We wandered by that river in the west Which flows sometimes through parched and weary plains; Where e'en the song-birds fall from out their nest Before men's eye's death-smitten when Drought reigns. When love began the plains were full of flowers. The river was o'er arched by living green : We made a hundred places our love bowers, God's angels guarded and ivc walked between ; Thus child it seemed to me so glad was I My heart went singing all the sunny day; There was no sign of what came by-an 1-bye, And t rned the course of all my hopes away. And so two years had spent of happiness, Of falth in Donald ; like a flaming cross Our love stood out as in a wilderness, Above the shifting sands of hnm»n ioss ; The time drew near when I should place my hand In his and say, 'Hence forth for thousand -!' There is one path, one home within the land, One hearth for both till you or 1 may die.' What wonder that as in a dream I walked ? What marvel that I did not stop to hear The tales they told of Death that silent stalked Upon the plains where no rain fell that year?' Selfish was I, I did not see the sheep Dying in thousands by the empty wells ; These things seemed far off, all I cared to keep Close to me was the sonnd of wedding-bells: There came one tale at last that reached my ears Like the round thunder in the deep ravine ; And then there fell a rain of angry tears Such as ne'er weeps the Sister Serapbine. Tears come not now save when another's pain Touches my sight as thine dear child to-day ; But then my nature seemed to melt in rain Of passion and to bear ray love away. They told me that auother face than mine Drew him from me, one said she saw him \- kiss Her hand and after pledge her in his wine— I listened as unto a serpent's hiss. He had not come to me for many days. The stock he wrote were dying and he stayed To do a thousand duties, but always He held me dearly who his great joy made. Once he had mentioned her,. a friend he said Of his dead brother, one his mother kept In dear esteem, lhey called her Winifred And sbeprized them because ofhim that slept. Now their words burned my heart like iron bars. Was it for her he stayed ?—Nay.child be still, Listen, the grave speak-! but above are stars That shine into the depths of human will; Weep and be still—was it for her be stayed ? H'en as I asked it there he rode''between Tl;e sandal trees where we our bowers made, Where wfe had walked love's shining hosts between ; A moment then before me.straight he came With words of pleasure, in his eyes the light Of—love for iter? I would not speak his name, 1 called liim traitor, and his lips grew white. 'A traitor, Helen, that is scarce the word That should be used 'tween such as we,' he said; I told hiin then the tale that I had heard With much mad thought that came into my head ; I would not listen when he tried to speak. His sad face only made me angrier, Mine was a spirit that was never meek In those days, and I said 'Go then to her, Give her the heart caught in the quick rebound, Lay at her-feet what I am glad to lose I did net care how deep I made the wound. Consent he could not, he could not refuse, For there I left him, I but heard the word 'Helen' twice spoken, then I saw him ride Into the gleaming evening, and a bird, Omen of ill, fell at my feet and died ; Then my hearted melted and I kissed the wings That death had broken, for that moment I Had seen my song-bird Love that sits and sings In its soft nest o'er true heavts, faint and die. And in the burning watches of that night Repentance grew ; I wished him in my sight. The morning came ; a sun of molten red Rose over dying flocks and hopeless men ; Now with mine own great sorrow on my head I came to feel for others' griefs again : A day of doom it seemed, there was no wind To stir the ashen pall upon the tree ; It was a day when one would look behind To count one's sins and tell one's rosary ; All nature seemed upon the outer brink Of circumstance in close commerce with Death; The gaping land from Heaven had nought to drink, Ami all life drew but harsh and labored breath; At last the sun its zenith reached, and then The shadows fell to eastward, and my heart Went with the sun—would Donald come again? I seemed to hear the dead bird sing, 'Apart!' 1 drove him from me, called him a traitor, set Hiin lower than the meanest of mankind ; 1 knew I honored, prayed for, loved him yet, Aud held no thought of doubt within my mind ; I had been mad, mad with my jealous fears, Mad as all women are sometimes ; I longed To weep upon his breast repentant tears, And make atonement where I knew I wronged. Who had not felt the anguished soul declare Aeainst the walls that gird existence round ? Who has not tried to find a higher air, And reach beyond all human sight and sound ? To leave the stifling duties of each day, And let the being swell to Nature's whole ; To strike the bands of circumstance away, And watch the spirit's currents seek their pole? So I in my deep sorrow longed to be Afar from all things : ere the evening tide, When still the heat rose like a heaving sea From off the ground, my horse was brought to ride; 1 ' Folly' they said.'to ride in such a sun, Wait for some cooler hour, besides but now Word had come from the North that floods begun Would reach ns soon—what floods meant I should know.' Nor flood nor sun I thought on. and I said ' Good friends, enough, I shall ride,' and T set My face towards the North, and let thought spread To all I would remember and forget : Hour npon hour I rode. I did not heed Time pass. Life seemed to waver to and fro ; Now it was strong, now like a broken reed, Now searching for a pathpav in the snow : Strange thought that in this angry, burning land The inward eye should sweep an icv plain— I seemed to stand with Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way into the world again : T cried aloud. • O Love, where shall we go V My answer was a rolling thunder tone— No dream was this for clouds bad gathered slow Far np the sky while I had mused alone ! The air was heavy as the hand of Sin ; My poor horse trembled in his weakness. I Had ridden far. too far, my breath within Was quivering like the tumult, in the sky ; I scanned the plains—a shepherd's hut not far Upon the river hanks would shelter give Until the morning, wbile'the skies at war Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve;— Bain was a word too blest now e'en to say ^Without a sign, and so I bent frail knees . Upon the threshold of the hut to pray 'As would one of misfortune's refuges. S Upon a rude conch then I laid me down. And waited for the awful storm to break ; The whole horizon was one gathered frown, And I could hear the battle legions shake Their weapons in the sky to lightning gleam, But still the rain fell not and darker grew The dnst-swept plains: my senses duller grew, And ere I knew my eyes closed to a dream ; Av. even while the storm hung on the edge 1 Of the steep world my eyelids closed in sleep : I was so weary—as if Lethe's sedge Were there my resting place, my donjonkeep. I dreamed of Donald, dreamed he came again And stood beside me, but when I would touch. His hand he showed me on it a red stain, And eaid.' Lo! I have loved thee, dear, too much: We meet no more, npra the earth no more : Far off I shall behold thee,:—then he passed Into the sunset, and I heard the door Of Life close sharply on my hopes at last! 1 cried out in my helpless agony, ' Donald, O Love, come back !' I only knew A rnsh of waters as a mighty sea Swirled round me and—ah! God but ic was true! I walked to find the hut a swaying wieck ; To know that now the river was aflood, And all the plains wave-washed as is a deck By some vast sea, that no ship has withstood?: And I had slept while all the land was swept With writhing elements—Ah ! could I fiud My horse.' Nay, he had better vigil kept. And had fled down the pathway of the wind : What need to tell of how the current d rove The mass to which I clung against a tree. And finding refnge in its arms 1 strove To hold my soul in strength for what might be. Ah ! that long night when wind and rain blew round The darkened world, and my soul drifted too From pole to pole, while I could hear the sound Of spirit voices all the chaos through ; 'Lost, lost,' they cried amid the tempest's roar; One with his voice said o'er and o'er my name ; A thousand seemed to cry, 'No more, no more !' And all their accents were of bitter blame. At last, at last the morning broke, and then The storm ceased and the fighting world grew calm ; The sun shone out o'er all my pain again— My pain that never more should know a balm. Slowly the waters climbed abont my feet. And myriad thoughts arose of dread and death, The outer bounds of being seemed to meet And crush my spirit to its latest breath ; I laughed a little in my agony, The sun laughed back in very wantonness ; I cried. Come, Donald, coine! I give to thee My last kiss ere I leave life's wretchedness !' I heard the wild-duck rushiug down the sky, A pelican sat still upon a limb And gazed all day to see me faint and die, While I prayed to my God and thought of him. I did not heed the passing of the hoursAll tilings seemed timeless, but I saw the sun Creep »o its rest, and then I said, 'Love's bowers, Donald, are dark, and life and love are done ;' Then I grew still, how long I cannot tell, I waked to hear a voice across the wave Calling my name—that voice I knew so well, That I should hear though laying in my grave : 'Donald ! ah, love !'—1 thought his spirit came To pass with mine behind the sunset bars. And we should be the same—ah, just the same In the !ove?gardens closer to the stars : Nearer the voice came, then I saw his ferm ; It was no spirit, 'God be thanked.'' I cried; His boat moved slowly, as a ship in storm Breasts the mad wind and struggles with the tide. At last beside me drew the boat, and I Fell forward to his arms with one glad word ; He kissed me; saying, 'Love, for thee 1 die,' And then he fell as fell the stricken bird. Blood ! there was blood upon him—on his hand That in my dream I saw held out to me ! His neck was thrust as by a broken brand, His body was bathed in a scarlet sea ; I lifted up his head, I kissed him there, I prayed for one word ere he passed away ; His dear eyes opened to my anguished prayer, And then he said, 'I loved you dear alway, There was none other—it was all unt'ue, They wronged me, but I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch that pierced me seals it too For ever—kiss me dearest ere I go And so he 'died ; and all that day Iris head I held and smoothed his hair upon his brows : I could not come to think that he was dead, I told him o'er again my loving vows ; We drifted 01, silent through silent space, Like spirits floating on an ether sea ; They found us in the morning face to face And took me from him who had died for me. No need to tell how death fell on him, how With a bold swimmer's strokes he fought the tide To reach the boat that is his coffin now— How the branch pierced him—close, child, to my side ! Let me drop one tear on that ancient grief, It is is all right, perhaps, God knows the best; 'Tis that alone that gave my heart relief; I keep my place here, and he keeps his rest. I left the world, I built this convent home, Here I have lived through thirty changeless years ; Here, as one watches a swift sea in foam, So watch I all poor human strifes and fears; Speak to me, child, is then thy lesson done, Is love to be to thee a setting sun ? Frances. I am grown wiser, Sister Seraphine, To-day I shall send for him and shall make Pardon my plea. Sister Seraphine Now Heaven is good ; between Me and that life the new life's folds I shake ; They shall not stir again, none other be So near the dead self that your sweet eyes see. 