? l Taleo oad 3ketcbe» AN AMERICAN PENMAN. (From, the Diary , of Inspector Byrnes.) ;.,;-. By. , JuiiiAK Hawthorne.; . '?' . Author 'of l' 'A! Tragic ' Mystery,', and :,;, :, r?',The.Great Bank Robbery.,',') [The right-to publish this story hw'boen.lpux chined from the publishers, Jfossrs Cans oil anil Cu;, Limited, London and llolbsarne.] s- ' ; v . ,. ;,., ':.- ' [?A.ll rights reserved.] ?CHAPTJBK XII.— OONHHT/ED. ? She stretched out her right' hand, from which she ha-3 removed her glove. He took, it and clasped it Btrongljr. He relinquished it abruptly, turned his horse and rode away. ?' It had all passed in a moment, but the effect upon both of them was risible. As the young Russian nasiad DufiV. the Crootn. the latter stared at the strange .expression of his face, ?which looked at him without seeing him. As for Sallie, her face was protected .by \- iier veil; and Bhe moved on without turning her head. vFedovsky rode baok to the livery ?table and left his horse there.' Then he walked to the hotel, where Tom had his value ready packed, in preparation for their departure. It had been arranged that they were to be driven. to the Grand Central Railway station in the hotel stage, and left there as if on their way to some place out of town. The trunks were to remain at the hotel until he either leturned or sent for them; and mean while, with an impulse to be rid onoe fur ?all of any mortgage on the past, he paid ibis bill in tthe face of Tom's protests, and off they went. ? ???????? ? ? Where they would bring up, was a question that Fedovsky could not hare answered, in his visit to tha slums of Haw'- Y,o_rfc 'he had not been given an opportunity to .examine the abiding place of that class of persons who do not oona fcuie rascality with poverty. ; , Suoh places ?ra not a stimulating spectacle ; they ara astrtij d«H ana' «Upres«i»g, and aitoonv aequently not recommended to the ourib's-.ty of sensation hunters. But to tyiose who are compelled to occupy thorn ihey are not. devoid of a certain interest and .importance:; and how that the young .Ruasian'H lot was to be oa*tin thoat ;iegibnB, ho found his imagination awake. ?:' Tom's early experience of;-: the' city proved of convenience at this juncture He knew of the existence of twenty-five ?cont hotels, and where they were to be found. To one of these they must needs go ; for the liquidation of their hotel bill had reduced their capital to a figure scarcely worth mentioning. They conld lodge at tho hotel for two and a half dollars a week : their board would prob ably cost them double that; and this divisor would go into thtir quotient a very limited number of times, indued. Starvation is a hard word, and some people are inclined to pooh-pooh it altogether; but it is apt to loom large before tho eyes of those who can calculate on their fingers .the number of days to elapse before (barring a stroke of good luck) their means of buying anything to eat will have been! exhausted. But, of course, FedovBky had no idea of starring ; he meant to make a fortune, marry Sallie, and live happy ever after. And ho was going to begin immediately ! ? Sucpess seldom comes at the moment when we believed that we rao»t want it ; and Fedqy sky's experiences during, the ensuing month or more were of' quite an unsuccessful kind. This, fact mty b* recorded ; but there is no nec««iity for us to Travel the downward p»th step by step with him. 'Every day he went forth in the hopes of finding some employment,, and every night he, returned to his lodg ings without having found any. Bis money. ' melted away with alarming rapidity; and had not Tom found a position for himself1 as ostler in a livery etable,' their state would , soon have wagoi were barely sufficient for him ; it waa nearly an impossibility lot two personi to subsist upon them in any fashion whatever. Fedorsky, moreorsr, fait that it would ,be better to starve promptly by himself than to help Tom to starve slowly. Accordingly, after awhile, he gave Tom to understand that he h»d actually been given a position as book keeper in a small shop down town, with a stipend of lix dollars a week. By thii ingenious expedient he expected to escape the necessity of refuting his former valet's alms, as well at of ontering into any .pain fill' argument. As it turned out, however, he might have spared himself even this trouble. .. ?. .-...; ?,.? ??; . . ..-. : ?! V .Tom recsiived the new! with all his cus tomary enthusiasm, and prognosticated ?»« itnma-1isiro and '? ?nlaniiifi t n»n nf fr\w tune. .Thii engagement would immedi ately lead to another and a. bettor, and in a short time they would both b* fairly on the highroad to wealth. Fedovsky had the nanie and loottion of his suppoied emplover ready, in case he' should b« questioned about it ; but Tom, secure in the future, never thought of descending to mere details. In the course of ths conversation that evening moreover, he informed Fedovsky that he had again seen hiii brother, and had ! made ah ap pointment ,to meet him the following day to discusi a certain projeot which the latter had formed, and which Tom' sur mised would be likely to lead to the best results for all concerned. Fedovakyhid his 'own opinion about that, but he for bore to say anything about it, being too much preoccupied .with his own pros: poets.. .:'':. ..;. ;?? ?: ?:.;.. : ??...!? -: ?' ?'?? .'-: The next ?? morning'Tdm went ? off early to his stable. He had received leave of absence for the afternoon1 to meet his brother, and would not return home till late. Fedovsky, for his part,dressed hinV1 self carefully, took his walking stick and sauntered put of his hotel with the air of a gentleman who has a large business un der his control, and is not obliged to hurry .himself in order to keep in the van. No one would have supposed to look at him that' he was on his last lags. ills ciotnes appearea neac ana tasnion able, his linen was clean, his boots were polished :. his face was somewhat thinner and paler than before, and his gait' had not its. usual elasticity; but ruddiness and' activity are, not the prerogative of millionaire!. ' ... As a matter of fact the young Russian had lost hope and everything else, except the desire to appear decent and like a gentleman to. the laat. To-day for the first time he had decided to abandon the attempt to get employment. It was hot in him to entreat, to plead, to vociferate, to carry his point1 and recommend him self by sheer audacity and persistence; at the first rebuff he turned away; had he staid longer he might have been asked to stay permanently. He saw the defect in himself, but it was not one that he could remedy, especially on an empty stomaoh and .with nothing in his pocket. So to day instead of making the dreary rounds of shop after shop and office after office, ' he walked' ' quietly along an east - Bide street until he came to the Battery, where h» seated himself on a benoh. It was a fiue warm day of early summer. The bay was blue and animated with shipping, the traei and grail,, around him. were green,: the sunshine lay brightly on all. ? It re called to his mind his .days tha prayioui. wintsrat Mo«ta Carlo, undar . such dif-i; farent condition!. Wu he really the Mtne naal ?»?????-???'? ';.;?'?? ?-?'???-? ? ?-? Hour after hour passed by, and the noon whistle, the signal to cease woik, soundedy from ' a 's thousand steam-pipos. Fedovsky* had no 'work to pretermit ; neither.;: had he any luncheon to. go to. But he; took a biscuit from' his pocket, with the careless ; air of a man who is hardly certain whether or not he feels an appetite, and nibbled .at it until it was gone. Then he arose and strolled 'to wards a fountain, where he drank two cups of water. Continuing his stroll, at a leisurely pace, he arrived at the west side of the town, and proceeded along the Btreet that bounds thu city there. AVhaif after wharf was passed, with steamers and vessels lying moorod, bound 'for lands which he would never see agsin. Here, too, was the ferry slip at which he had landed a few months before, full of sanguine anticipations. Bearing now towards the right, he emerged from a medley of small streota into Broadway, just at tho Astor House ; and, ub he stood at the corner, he saw Fred Vander blick descend: the steps, with hi3 straw hat on the back' of his head, and a quill tooth-pick in his mouth. He had evidently just bolted another, lunch. The young banker sprang across the etreet, dodging among the vehicles, . and was soon lost on the opposite sidewalk. Apparently ha was just as jolly and hearty as' 'ever. ' Feilovsk'y ' ''wondered' whether, this friend had ever rpgrotted his disappearance, or had - taken any measures to discover, his. whereabouts.. Lie had often speculated as to how the Vanderblick family bad received Sallia's revelation of his fallen stated He had never learned any thing oh the subject — as was bat natural, insomuch as he had, takan every precaution to keep out of the way of all his former acquaintances, and had not even looked into a newspaper for. weaka. ? ... : ; ; : ? ? ?; : .? ; :i ? ;He;orossed over tho City Hall Park, and found a seat. on another benoh. 'The benchas were well patronised : the occu pants ware mostly subdued in demeanour and shabby of attira ; some dozed aa they sat: others stared at nothing with laok lustre eyes ; all of them looked as if they would be the better for ' a square meal. Most of them, probably, were failures in cue way or another. What were they waiting for? Fedovsky fell to thinking of the Reign of Tarror in the Frinch Revolution; how the condemned priaonera sat in the prisons, waiting for the tumbril and the: guillotine. Were these' people waiting for the river and the morgue t ; He sat among them, leaning forward on his knees, and with bis hat tipped down over hie brows, drawing figures in the sand with the tip of his cane. None of the others spoke to him. He' appeared too much . of n .swell : to hava any; right there. .What busiuess had a well-dressed prosperous, aristocratic', person with such as thev ? Had he come to sdv.u doh them and ridicule them. ? Lat bird flrstifind,out what huugar meant ! ?,.,,.,.: ? Fedovaky had a very fair understand ing of the sensation in question. ..But there , was something in nis ' blood and breeding which prompted , him, . ,to, pre serve an uuruffled and immaculate front before the world to the/ last. . He' was wearing his' - last ' ' 'clean ' 'shirt, and ha waa fastidiously. oareful!to' preserve the whiteness ;'and: smoothness ?'? of his'1' collar and cuffs. He might have 'gone to any one of a dozen acquaintances, who might riot have Heard of- his raiefortunea, and got himself invited to dinner or to' spend the night. But he could not bring him self to it. Se had in liirpocket me un iii*-l v.iiiitori'a oarda --:-» coiiple 'of -''oldba.' There w:«a ;iioth'irf|i tii: prevent 'hiii 'going to one or oth'erV' 'I'KbVij1 aii'd '?? ordering' all he i wanted:; ?? nothing,, that ia, except him' seif .: 'Or,.againv'there' were his trunks at the hotel 'Up'tow'n.':''Why did he not go there,.,, take., them out of .the baggigo rooin, ..and live,;.upon what the nearest pawnbroker, would give him for their oon tents 1 The obstacles in the way . of this course seemed trifling; and yet th ay were sufficient. 'It would involve paying a fee of two or three dollars at least for storage money, and a couple of dollars to a hack driver to take the. trunks to his room. True, he might explain that he would pay these sums as soon ss he should have pawned something ; but that was an ex planation that he could not sucriSc his pride to . make. But would he - rather starve to death than submit to so slight a humiliation 1 Well, at all events, he would not make the submiasion. V ' ':? After awhile he discovered that he had, been writing the name 'Sallie' upon the ground with his. cane. He erased it hurriedly, the blood rushing to.hislface as he did so. ' He Rot up, rather languidly, and continued, his walk. . Traversing back Btreets, as before, he came at length to Washington Square. Here were more' benches, more green trees and grass, and more undemonstrative sitters. He took his silent place.. among them. The sun went slowly toward the west. At bix o'clock the whistles sounded again. Naw York was about to Bit down to its dinner. Fedovsky took out si biscuit and ate it. as slowly as he could ; then another. Tnen '' to a fountain once more. He drank as much as he could. Water costs nothing. Then he walked slowly back to his twenty-fire cent inn. He would hear the result of Tom's interview ; perhaps, sifter all, something might come of it. Torn' had aot returned whan he arrived. His waited for him a long time, but atill he came aot. At last ho went to bed, and .lay half awake all night. In the morning, Torn had not appeared! . Fedovsky dressed himself, taking a long time ovor ' his toilet, partly from cus tomary fastidiousness, but m6re,;: from .bodily weakness. At nino o'clock ho left' his. .'room, and having requested the attendant to tell Tom, in oaao of his re turn, that he had gono to the livery, stable he took his way thither. It was a tedious journey and Fedovsky waa suffer ing rauch pain. At the stable he learned that Tom had not been heard from since the previous morning. He lingered about there for an hour or two — in vain. He went back to the lodging-house. Tom was not there. It was noon. He dragged himself to tho City Hall park, and lunched there ; he was obliged to eat three biscuits this time. He hardly knew whether . they, relieved him or mado him feel worse. Hp got back to the inn' : but Tom was not there. What could have . happoned ? Could|Tom have deserted him ? , This bn.tb.er was a thief.! What if they had arranged some thing . between them? . . . Fedorsky stopped short in this path of speculation. He could not bear to pursue it. He would rather think that some accident had happened. ' Yet if Tom had been injured, he would surely have communi cated the fact to Fedovaky, by sonse 'means ; and if he'liad'boen killeil, ? hews ,^f it, would be, in the papers.: ;B,ut there was na news of the kind. ' ? '???'? ., .The young Russian wus.mora. dis heartened by this event than by any thing that had happened to him. It was like putting tha last briok in the wall that sh,uti a, man out from light and life fbrerBV^,jHUml'nd,no.w ran on only the gloomistideas.' And*- if fact,! he was at the and of his tether.: He had in hi* pocket* seven biscuits, and a five- cent nickel. He could no longer remain at his lodgings. That night, accordingly, he sat rery late on his bench : and at last when the ps»k had been deserted by the latest straggler, he lay. down upon it, with his head on his arm. : ; \- The night was warm' and dry ; but Fa dovsky felt: cold. ??He closed his eyes: his thoughts wandered : strange fancies visited him —a sort of conscious delirium. Vera, Sallie and Tom were mingled in a fantaitio dance. la a few minutes he would have been asleep. [ Suddenly ho was aroused with a start, and a sharp, jarring sensation, arid a rough roico said : 'Get up, now, young fellow. Can't hare no loafers. here !' I was a policeman, who had wrapped on the soles of the homeless man's fast with his club. As soon as Fedovaky oompre hendid the situation, he arose without a word .and dragged himself away. . Ha came to ahother park, und, overcome with weakness, lay down las. before. Again he was rudely awakened, ami driven on. In this manner' he spent the night. '', f The morning broke : the level beams of the eastern son shone along the streets long before the traffic of the day began. Fodovsky sat on a bench, with his arms folded. . He fait less pain than the day before, liut a great weakness. By and by he remembered his biscuits, and, taking them but one by one, he ate them all. He drank a cup of water, and felt a little refreshed. But where was his next meal to come from] And could he endure : another night in the streets such as he had just passed? He looked at his shirt-' 1 ouffsV they were' soiled and dingy. ? His boots, too, had lout their, polish, and' one of them, was spattered' 'with mud by a watering-cart. A boot-black came along the path, with his box on hta back. He glanced at' the boots. 'Shine V Fedorsky; nodded. 'How much,?' he asked, B8 the bdy'knelt ^before him and put' his box in ppsitibn.. .Mi ickle,' replied .the boy.' 'I can give you only three cents,' returned, the, other. , The boy,;looked up at him, and .after a , moment ducked . his bead in token; of as-. Bent. Fedovsky put up his foot and the operation began. When it was over and; the money paid, Fedovaky arose and set' out southward, in ' the direction of the, East River ferries. '' He had two cents to pay his fare on a boat, but he had made up his mind what to do ; he had resolved not to go more than half-way across the river. The broken 'down young nobleman madehis way slowly along the crowded and Bunny streets j' it was beautiful weather,, the whole city seemed to be en joying life. Life offers us many enjoyable things, so many means of enjoyment. Surely that human being must needs be very, desperate who would voluntarily give' up life altogether. . . .;.. ., ? Fedovaky had made up his mind, but he had plenty of time before him, and his ,' settled purpose had rendered him composed ' and indifferent. The secret knowledge that he was saying farewell to the world restored his dignity and self respect. He trod the pavement with a free and leisurely, step, and no longer, avoided the fashionable . thoroughfares.: A man who , is willing to surrender his, life to preserve his respectability, has a right to hold up his head with the most prosperous gentleman alive. ' - ; '' Leaving the little park behind the reservoir, he prpoaeded eastward aleng. West Fortieth^treet, and . by a sudden: whim of memory, ,. he recollected that, his friend Mr Willlama had given his address as No. 15,. on West Forty-streat. : This, would place his rasldencB about the canter of th» Reservoir. - Fadorsky amiled ; tha diseovary waa a oonfinnation of Tom's | suspicions— tlie man must hare bsen a swindler. ' Well, he could forgive him now. It was so eatsy to.be a rascal, and, the young Russian knew by experience how numerous and powerful* may be the attractions to rascality.. When he was a few rods west of Fifth Avenne,he saw a lady on horseback riding, past the mouth of the street toward Cen tral Park. Ho knew her at a glance, His hoart gave a bound and his eyes bright ened ; involuntarily he quickened his- step and raised ; his hand to attract her attention, but she passed on without re garding him. Bad she seen him — who- could tell ? But at all events it was bettor that Bhe should pass him by. Nothing but pain could result from their meeting,, and he at least had already suffered pain enough. To-morrow, perhaps, she would hear of something that hau happened ; if she were sorry, what more need he aak? . . . ?:.' ..-' ,-, '':,;? He entered the' avenue and turned southward. He passed a couple of clubs, the cards of which were in his pocket ^ he glanced up at the windows but they were empty. Was this accidental, or had the customary loungers, betaken, them selves into the background on the appear ance of his once familiar and welcome figure ? Well, it waa all ovor now. He strolled on, leaving Madison Squara- ' on 'the' left, arid ' atill''fbH'owini('v the-~ avenue. A few blocks below, he saw three men approaching him, Colonel Jack Oakley, Dr. Warren Beale, and.,Judga- Farren. The doctor nodded to him, as he pased, rsther stiffly ; the .; judge ap: parently failed so see him at all; but the rlorid colonel stopped, and 'held out his hand.' '? ? ?????:?' ?':'-' : ' ?? - ??? '??'? ???? ' ? ' Hello, count! 'I he. said: .'Jhow.are yont Glad to see you again. i-Wai afraid you'd run off and. left us. 'Come back to- stay, lhopo ??'',': :'';\\.:'1 :;?;' I1/: ' 'V'7-'t 'No; I.Ieava to-day. ,,,,,,-.,[, .i;- j.... ? ., ' Oh, come, none of that f ,, Look.kere^ Fedovsky,' said the colonel, dropping his voice, and laying a kindly, hand , on ; tha other's arm, 'what you want to do is to keep a stiff upper lip; : : You fdo'nt -know the American people ; iwhat'.they -want;is to see a:. man take his own part. ? There's been a lot of rot -talked about/you, in - tha the club ; and Fred /Vanderbliek and. I had words the other day jabout the shabby, way he chucked you upy ,V^8H»' fellows will talk, but I can tell( you that' three-fourths of th» boys would back you up, if: you'd turn; round and, face it eut-; Half of 'em have been a hole themselves, as bad as yon havei As I tell /em you're as straight as a string. You ain't in debt -, they haven't bean able to find ? a gentle-, man or a tradesman that you owe a cant to. And that's why-, ifyoulwantnioney. all youv'ego to do is to say so, Youmay count on me for a hundred, for one, only say the word that's all ! And if you want to take hold and work a bit, there's av dozen chances I know of myself 1 Never say, die !'.,,.. . '?'.[,.', ', ./.'., , '? ,^ -,:?!.?.?:? ?;, .'? I thank you heartily/ replied Fedbv;?' sky, turriiug his grave ayes' on the .other's), face. * I am glad I met you to-day, and know , k'ow ybu f eel\ )! You; are,' a good fallow, :and' T shall remember it, as lona; as I lire But thero are reasons' why I had better go. ... As for money,' he added, thinking of the' two cents in his pooket, ; ' I h'ave all I need. When I '.get 'to fth» other side,' I shall, be all right, Ihopei* v \- .'.I'.lippe'sb, too, my boy — I do indeed!' ; returned the colouel, again grasping the Russian's hand,1 arid feeling, perhaps, a-. little the easier and' more cordial; because' his offer of- 'a hundred' had not been snapped up. '. I wish you'd^ stay: here,v and follow my -advice; :buty if you can' -get straight again by going, to the other side, that may be .the, beat thing. after all. ; You'll come back again, of xourse?;-;.', ?'??;'; ;';, ; ?.'';; .?;|',1 '$-,„ d, -;':V The' count shook 'his' h'ead, Iwith tlie' ghost ..of .a ; smile. ; ! ' I : think not/ he 'Baid'i,: ;;-??.) 3 (f.j; :'-.?;?.?!. ? .V-;.'! .!':.'!:. *.'?':. '.Oh, yes, you : will IV replied' ? the. 'colonel, unconscious of the ghostly nature ;of his predio.tiqri ;'';arid at any1 rate, I ex? ipect' to 'be %'ver there 'tefore'lbng;! *Y(eli» gbbd-by,' in' the'^meantime/L'cld'felloir';' land good .y,o'yage'[. to' y ou 1 *.,,.'.,,.. | ; The two men parted,' arid the colonel^ swung along up the avenue; : while the'1 :countcontiimod his way in the ^opposite direction.' ' Wtiy had he' not accepted' the ' colonel's proposal ? There ; can ; be no' rational answer: to such a question. But' there can be little doubt that the purpbae to take one's own life, 'Once .seriously, formed, fascinates the will arid' can be ' turned aside only;b'y'bauaes beyond the intending suicide's' control. ?] ? '?? -;! : CHAWER ? XIV.— A: PROFESSION. '&?&. ! There were, as has 'been- remarked, many points of Fedovsky's story to which : the inspector had listened with ''more) evident interest than to others ; and two or three times he had scribbled 'down' some hasty notes; The narrative; having ; now been brought down to the hour of ; the adventure ., on Nassau , Street, and there being nothing more to relate, he got up from his chair and paced up and down the room ip silence,, as was his habit. when thinking deeply.' The' young: Russian, meanwhile, remained seated, in a rather dejected frame of mindi The stimulus occasioned by the reminiscences)'' called up by his tale, had now subsided,1' and' was- succeeded by afit of depression^ What, a wretched failure, his life, had been I A,«dhow smaU-seamed the .chsneaf. that' 'It, could evar ., becqiao ?; anything, batWr! ? ' ? ' !::The'iri»pectbr resumed^his 'seaCTFedov'' eky looked upland nipt the eyes of thai deteoSive^tpadily r^gaVditfghimi ???*? I 1 Young -tnan;'- said : tho latter. ' Youj ought to bo able to make your way in tho! world. .lYbu- ijhatf.eE'Stnany; adyantagei. ' Physically yon , are strong. and active,. and| your tappoHranoa predisposes, bneiin yohrj 'favour; You are thoroughly educated, 'arid a'n accomplished' linguist. ^ You havej 'mingled much in' Society; and know some-, thing about Human '-nature. You havej .travelled,- -and are familiar w.ith. foreign! oountries.and;.ou»tpm8.:n;Moreitlian.that, ?-you. are. a. man of:, unusual intelligence :j you .have a clear mind,: an excellent! ^memory, you are accustomed to observe,! fan'd''ybu' poBsess .agreat dealof -naturalj ^penetration' ? and' -sagacity, 'when you 'choose' to 'exercise it. ''-How- : cari a man ?like'you fail to.make aliving'r . ';! 0'JI''YBVoan'prbbably''g«e»a as woll as I ? canV ! iriB'pectbr,' iopiied, the other, with a 'sigh. '*'ThefacVis,I don't know what to '(to Xo'.'iibrk' at. M. am noli .especially in-! Iteres'tod'iuany thing',., I supp.oae I couldj ;perfoj;m frputinei.work in. business, but .£here;-are,plenty.,of,meii whoi;c.ani,d.o that jw/,wdl!;Qr.',bettflrVtJian I.^nd.iit.would (jaiv'e;ino iopportunity;fpr nioito.iuse.what-i ? eVer.- cpartioular i).. advantages .-.vl-ri may; .p'o'ssesB -If I' could only.nnd sonfo em ?'?pl6yment!'where^such.igiflB.and.accom-: ^lUhtnent^as1 1-have^cot.ld be utilised to, 'their'fuir ? W6rth^'l'think'l;oould get on. KBtftyJw%t'!:ia;\ .iliero,? i'l^.oan- Unnk of i^S^e^con^id^ ^hit-very ;s^'^?cw-^'^^ig^ii ' d;''n^n8Wor ^fout.wmilfe^li, me.., what, it^i.,!, said ?jf £rS ! w,ith..W\\-. '-thaiyk 'rpAtine of ??ordinary buainesa,, would -snot, give you -affair' w-chanco',' the uother^continued. ^??Yo'u'; ' li'avei, ..become::. ,uccnstom«d to, J'ohlnge''and movement, . and -to -a certain; ?Ja'momib'!of'aclventarF.-'lf you could be 'Supplied' With- some ?'denniteVaim; and ''o'bTtct;' 'which Voul'l'inc'lude suoh'a life, $otf might'1*! o ' Well!'' ' «» ?' -[,! ';,;';'? v, 'Wait.,aS'rho^enf,! There hia^'be an ?o%ata9le;; (;You/'^e i; nbblema v ,n your, ?,and,i?helideaS!:o|( a, gentleman,,;., In i this , country^efbelievp .tDa^honest.work, no ;.matfer«bf.{w,l/titikihd, is,, goqd_ .enough for . any: manj.H^AreiyQU.ye.t.American, enough cfo' take any. Btook in.that jdea Iu-i.-.jt an «a»certainly am'l'i exclairaedi^edovaky, ttfittferiergy.'J *;'« .'?? ';? ^f -: '': tiri.licuis -v.,s (5Pd be cowtyniied.Y1 a--:--'. ; 