? llFACk HILL WESLEYAN CHURCH. this MemorialStones. I memorial stones of the now |i being oreetocl by tho Wesleyans I fneo Hill, woro laid on Thursday oon, tho ceremony, which was more pretentious and olahorato i us hitherto been customary in this t, being witnessed by a largo num members of the church and othors, tiings woro-colnmoncecl at a tow s past -J o'clock by the singing of a iPM a^tul' a portion of scripture, jg£| an account of the preparations '||lffor tho building of King Solomon's pie, and the stores of gold, silver, gashcr metals accumulated by King |||g for tho ornamentation of that §|||uie, was read by the llev. R. J. ||||co. An appropriate prayer, gill up by tho Rev. L. 0. Jamieson, filled, and another hymn being sung, fill M. Mellor, M.L.A., was called |||to lay the first stone, underneath Wgl was prepared a cavity ? for the ll§ion of a sealed earthenware jar con Hjflff copies of that day's Gympie ||ls,the previous day's Gympie Miner, HJui.ensland Weekly Advocate, ffiCiiitisTiAN Witness, the Circuit H a programme of the proposed msdings of the ceremony, a complete MM the building, the Society ticket i'isk 11 list of the names W& fir tho Trustees and officers of the jali, a list of the names of the i . pud ollicers of the Sunday II '^tlier with tho names of tho B 1 Uund the contractor, and anestim „-ie cost and fittings of the build %-? Being presented with a polished p mallet (as also were each of those jp. jiliciated in placing the succeeding i), and having declared the first 0 well and truly laid in the name of Pjj father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Mr. gfi r said that although there was not II time for speech making, ; he could II refrain from congratulating the M Is around him on the conimence ||l which had been made in putting new and suitable building for o worship j it was a matter for ?atulation, and he hoped that the mg thus commenced would be leted without accident, and that uld be a blessing to many. Allud to the fact that his name was cut ic stone laid by him, he remarked he considered it a great honor to his name inscribed upon the wall e church. Wesleyans were a quiet le as a rule, and did not care much utward show, but he regarded it as gh compliment to have his name ?ibed on that stone, and ho would sr have it there than on any other i ling. He repeated that he thought ection of that church' to be a I of great congratulation, not only e members of the church, but to i leople of Gympie generally. ie Mayor, Major Ferguson, laid the | / .' tone, and felt highly honoured eiQ)' called upon to take so promin- j a pTirt in connection with the build- 1 , This, ho said, was the third cli which the Wesley an body i wismn auoui zu years, uncicr n to erect on Surface Ilill. lie might say they were nvagant to have worn out two dies in twenty years, but it showed they were good church-goers, and as much better to have the churches i out than to let them rust out. He pleased to see so many of tho other iminations present at the ceremony day ; it showed that they were all 'ing after the same object, and if, ik lie regarded as very ' likely, the jg ileyans of the town were called upon I ittend at similar ceremonies in re $pt of other churches, he hoped they tld respond as generously, lie next stone was laid by Mr. ' les Mellor, another of the oldest I porters of the Wesleyan Church on goldfield j and the fourth by Mr. ic Bennett, who in a brief speech e an outline of his experience and spiritual enjoyment and benefit be /derived in the *0 years that he had 1% a member of .the Wesleyan body, M mentioned that during 60 years of H period named lie had as a local Snclijer taken active part in the work ;!ie church. rittj next stone was laid by Aid. tlioway, who gave an interesting itch of the history of the Surface 11 church, and made some appropriate narks relative to the mission of arches generally, maintaining that sy were safeguards of family lite and, o_ of the strongest bulwarks of tional existence. Tho remaining stones, three in num r, were laid by Mr. David Williams,' eRev. T. B. Holmes, and Mr.T.J. ix respectively, and after tlie singing another hymn, the children's collec -ns in aid of tho building fund were ought forward and deposited on one the stones, the gross amount being 27 18s Od, which was supplemented by mations amounting to £8 Is from the glanders. A general collection fol wed, and tho total receipts for the day ere brought up to £144 8s 6d, besides hicli prom. --s .representing about £35 ore icceived... At this stage the following statement \ 3 read by Mr. M. Mellor, on behalf of ie Trustees of the church : — 'Tho trustees have lorn? contomDlated Aiding a now church, and this subject as been referred to in reports of our nnivei.sary gatherings for many years last. Some eight or nine years ago, Baring the ministrations of the Rev. J. B ' Orr, tho matter went so far as, to gicuio liberal promises towards this Rfject, but not being thought sufficient, i \ trustees had reluctantly to postpone E-/0 piojcct. A small beginning was ?lion made in tho receipt of cash pro ceeds of lectures by tho Rev. Mr. Sllennesby and the Rev, F. T. Brent j iall; which were deposited- in the Gov ernment Savings Bank. Tho last conference appointed our ro3pectcd min ister, the Rev. T. B. Holmes, to^this circuit. By his consistent porsovoranco and untiring energy, and tho felt need of more accommodation for our increas ing congregation, tho trustoos linvo launched forth in tho present under taking. The contract for tlio building is £1985. Wo havo also completed tho purchase of a good and beautiful pipe organ. These, with tho internal fittings and seating of the church, are estimated to cost fully £2500. The amount collected and promised up to the present time is £1300. The trus vviwu II 1UU AJ.ll/OU HUCVLUliJ U V those; who .have' responded so liberally. While they can scarcely expect to open tho building free of debt, they solicit and hope for the practical sympathy of the community generally. The build ing is on a splendid site, and when completed will be an ornament to the town, and wo trust also ft blessing in spreading peace and goodwill amongst men, , and disseminating the .... living, truths of our glorious Christianity, as in the days, of the founding .of Method ism. To-day we Wesloyans of Gympie claim and write on our standard the peace-loving words' of our founder, ' the friend of all and the enemy of none.' Tlie proceedings were brought to a close by a' stirring address from the Rev. J. W. Winspear of Maryborough, . in the course of which he gave a great deal or information respecting the doctrine expounded in Wesleyan churches. By the time this was1 finished' it was about half past six o'clock, and tho promised addresses from local ministers had per force to be postponed tlil a more con 1 veuient season. , .. In concluding this notice it may be stated that judging by the plans,, which during the ceremony were on view, tho new building is likely to. be;. one of the neatest edifices on Gympie. It is to be 68 feet long by 30 feet wide, with 30 feet from the floor to the ceiling, which is to be arched in tho usual style of cliuroh architecture. The walls are to be plastered with Keen's cement, and on tho inside it is expected they will have the appcaranco of polished marble. Tlie edifice will be built under tho personal supervision of the architect, Mr. 1-1. W. D uriotz, and as Mr. James McMorrin is tho contractor for its erection, it may be relied upon that the work will be carried out faithfully. It may also bo mentioned that the Build ing Committee, through the Rev. T. B; Holmes publicly acknowledged their indebtedness to Mr. A. E. Kemp, one of the firm of Messrs. Fairlie and Sons, for tlie mallets presented to those who laid tho various memorial stones, the same having been received from Mr. Kemp, with a note requesting that they might ' be accepted from him in token of his remembrance of the many pleasant days he had spent on this goldfield. 