AFTER WIfTER. Not yet the infant Spring ?uth changcd her russet gown for robes of S• gr'een, . But eltlh slumbering, I?id in the covert of a wood, unseen : Folded in shadows deep, Ethereal visions tilt across her face in selop. Like memories of the dead Winter revives and fades, mid days 6f blue, And thrusts his snowy head Upon tle landscape, whitening all the view; With shrilly voice and thin, Iigh singing o'er the downs the chilly breezes spin. Hero, by the sharp blast switchcd, The ruddy drifts about the road are swayed, Dancing like sprites bewitched In whirling somersaults of light and shade; The hollow forests ring, Shuddering with leafless music -as thes lank boughs swing. ? Upon the cottage wall The Jasmine lingers in a listless dream ; O'erhead the sparrows call, And twitter out the day in dolorous theme;, Whistling a sober tune, The ploughman drives his team the long dank afternoon. . Far o'er the marshy fen The vaprous ghosts worn travellers waylay; In dale and'dike and glen The brittle leaves of autumn wasto away; The snowdrop, bowed with'grief, , Broods like qinangel o'er its chastened leaf. Not sorrow, nor yet scorn,... . Nature weaors on her face, but calms distress;.i Like to a child new-born The year's dim senses grope for consciousnces ; Through all the stilly wood Stirretlh the soul of being, bursting blade and bud. Soon shall the violet bloom Beneath the hedge, and scent each sheltered nook; The primrose gild-the gloom Whoer pale anemones peep o'er the brook, And laughing waves shall swell . Of golden daffodils in every mossy dell.; Hasten, sweet birds of song, Wing o'er the waves, and fill the woods with voices; Sgprig tarristh, slumbering long, - She waketh not, but in her dream rejoices; Quikesn thou magic sod, " Burst to a sea of flowers, and greet the priests of Giod!. -. -Th e Corieill.Magaznen. Iilbousnza hasnmade its appearance amongst horses inlDovonshire;England. The Shire horse, "I'm the sort," recently purchased at the London HIorse Show for 1,000 guineas by fMr. I'unohard, of Bourton t11, otnes, has died from the attack, aftera weelc's illness. 