The Haunted Husband; OR LADY CHETWYND'S SPECTRE. By Mrs. Harriet Lewis. CHAPTER XII.— {cflntinvcd.) TITE FIGUnE IK WHITE. Chetwynd shook off Monk impatiently, anil searched the conservatory in every nook and corner, but he found no troce of (his strange visitant. He dashed ant in tho gatden, and Monk Trent with him, but thoy did rot see Again the slender, girlish, white-robed figure of the Feeming spectre. At lenglh they re entered th' conservatory, the marquisprtle nnd distracted, and returned t/» the drawing-ronm. JV1I8B AI onK sionu ociore ine lire, ner i-iinene j opsin glowing, bnt ihere was n look nf awful dread and horror still in her eyes. She ' * imagined that the spirit of the wotnnn whom she believed rhe had murdered had returned to haunt ber for her crime. Id h^r first horror she had been a very coward. She hnd crept away upstairs to her room, and had there fivin way to all ber terrors.' Tbe old East ndian nurse had given her her usual remedy — a soothing draught — nnri bid cimforted her, nnd inspired her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Mips Monk possessed an iron will and a remorseless nature. Nothing had, so fa-- stood in her way in her attempt* to win Lord Chetwynd. Mow thnt'he was fairly won, and agaio betrothed to ber, she determined that uot even a visitant from the other world should take him from her. Having thus resolved, ehe returned to the di awing- room only a m- m;ot before Lord Chetwynd reappeared, She welcomed his return with 1 look of gloomy reproach. Then, ns if relenting, she swept toward htm, caught hie arm, and cried nnt ; 'Oh, Roy ! why did you throw me from you? Why did you dnrt away so Abruptly? 100 frightened me. Him* my heart beau still ! What is the matter ?' ' Did you nut see Bernice ?' he asked. 4 Were you not also lookiug at yonder arch* way?' *1 was looking at tbe archwny ?' replied the consum^te actress, 'but ur- one was oear it, Roy. What do y)u mean by your allueiou to Bernice ? It cannot be that you faucied you saw her 4 1 thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have sworn that I beheld my lost wife. And you did nnt fee het ? Can it havo been an il.'u-ion ? (iilbert was standing near the doorway of the conservatory, and he says that no one came in or went out by that way.' Sylvia swept a sudden, keen glance at her brother ; but his face was impAssable. She determined to have an interview with him upon the subj ect later. Chetwynd was staggert-d in his belief. lie put his hand to his forehead, saying, hollowly : 'Can 1 bare been mistaken!' Was it all a freak of my overexcited brain ? It is easier to believe that than to believe that the di ad can return. And yet, c.mld my imagination have pictured her in aJJ that fp!e»-i-.ur of loveliness, in the yloryof a prrfcc:ed 1-catHy, the lustre of a beauty Bimh as I have never seen? 1 cannot explain it.' He leaned againet the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm iu & caressing fondness. ' UilberV ehe said, proudly, 'my place is here, at Hoy's side, henceforth. Mav I tell him, Roy? Yes? I is en then, Gilb. r. Our old be'*) hal— R. y\j and mine— a te jewed. We are to be mar. -e I— lt(.y and I !' ?Icongratulateyou, Chetwynd, upon having ?won a troe and loving heait,' paid Mnnk ex tending his liAhd to tbemaiqnia 'Tlii-sre newal of old relations 'will assuredly pr.-ve for the best. I suppose Sylvia won't niiml ni\ telling you now that she has loved you ail along with a rare devoiou. I hope yuu two will be happy.' * I am not myself j et,' said Lord Chetwynd, with a troubled suiiln. ♦ 1 teem tulde-i y to make tbe disoovery that 1 have nerves 1'Jl go to my room, it you'll kindly excuse mr Kylvia, I em greatly fatigued after my journey,' and he withdrew, going up to th-- rooms he bad occupied vih Rjiuice. Gilbert Mouk made a mnv.incot to with draw into the conservatory, hut Sylvia detain ed him. Be was ar.xii.us tu search the grounds in hopes of discovering Bernice, and he sub mitted his detention with an ill-grace. ? What do you want? he asked,' with au exhibition of turliucea, 'I want to know jf you were in the con servatory during some fifteen months previous to Lord Chetwynd'a 'opitical illusion de manded Miss Monk, with sarcastic emphasis. Monk replied iu the affirmative. 4 And you saw no oqb inter or go cut ?' Monk hastened to utter a ue^a'irc. ?I don't believe you,' said the refined Sylvia, with considerable ju-lw.esH. 'I know better. I flaw the ghost, if it was a ghost, end so did you. \\\ hat is your o- ject in deny ing tbe fact to me V ?X have no obj ct. I raw no ph-sf, and I can twdar tiituy denial, if yon chors -. You must have keen leading Mrs CruWe. You would be better to thiuk - f the great victory you have woo. I advisv you to hasten youi marriage. I have nearly run through my ihoosaud p unds, and I want more. You lemember that y. u promised mo au nunuity «jf a tboueaud pounds on your becoming Lady Chetwynd. Hurry up the mariiage. That is lay advict1.' He kissed his fingers to her carelessly, and sauntered. away into ihe conseivatory. Mils Monk looked after him villi a puzzled frown. 1 wibhl kii- w what suhmie occupies him bow, she thought. *GiIbcit has chsuged itaring tbe past year. 1 must coufess he is getting too deep fur me. I can't fathom him. M hat prompt* him tudiny that lie saw that Jignre in white ? If it was a spectre, he must liave seen it, tiucc it was visible to both Roy and frie. Jf it were not a apcclre, u hat was it ? On my soul, I beli. ve Gilbert knows.* With .this exuviation Miss Muuk went up to her owo rooms. She found old Kagee in the -iressing-rooin, just uuJncking the doors of the precious Hast Indian cabinet. The old ayah started at Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened to lock 4he doors opeuiog iuto the hall. She then returned to the cabinet, nnd opened the s, erst eompnrttnentaud lookout the tiny gold box of rare Eiet Indian po sons ?What are you g'*ing-to do?' asked Miss Monk, sinking into an easy chair. ' I want to «ee that my. ^lubules 'have-not teen tam^red with,' rwponded old ltagpe; ?I feel uneasy. Missy, nbout that ghost. It can't be po-eib'f that I made a mistake in the viat, but I intend to nee. If 'I -had .made a uiiatake the k'1 would have died iu ber coffin all the same— no, she would liavc recovered liar consciousness,- at' the cud of tbroj days. Ic's alright Missy, but I'll just innke sure/ Miss Monk watubed Jier attendant witli languid interest, uhije'the ray&h; opened tlie two vials we liave just. before described. 'There weie one hundred' globules Sn. each,* tnutiered tbe old woman. ?' 1 took one put. of vial number two, leaviog ninety-nine. ' f Mill 0 nnt tbem.' Mie proceeded to do bo. alright' she auncunced. * There a»e ^ust ninety-nine remainjnff. I can't tell wt^i made me eo foolish, hut just as soou oe you ?poke of tbe ihnst I felt a desire to Jook ^ liieae Vials. 1: Tlipok at thp.vi«»Umm\\-er three,1 said Monk, 'rt'?, that's all nonsense. Il'a a' right o 'y there'a Qno^thiDg\eu»o, Ragec-Gili« t knows Fomething, about that ghost, or what* evrr it wns. . Hftjiyears he saw nnthing. I wish I knew *M&&ame; of his own he was pliyinc. Thei^a nne thing pure— he knows . the m cret of that mysterious intruder of* to* nipht. The oM'nyah's wrjrd eyes gleflmed with a e»t'Iden li^lit. She4hur iedly seized upon the third vial, opened it, aud began hastily to count its* contents. A look of dismay cime over her face whoo she had finished. ' Can1! ynti mnke it count right ?' osked Miss Monk with sudden interest. 'There's only ninety- eight globules here/ answered the old woman, blankly. 1 * And there was n bundled ?' ( ' Fxactty that — a hundred in endi vial.' 1 You may have dropped a couple and Miss Monk began to search. 'Stay, Miwy/ Fnid the old ayah, in a tone of deep significance. ' Answer me a question : Wati (iilbert at hrme on the day that Lady Chetwynd was takin ill ?' ' Yes». Don't you remember that he was in my bnndoir before dinner?' ? Was he in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and bad our conversation about Lady Chetwynd ?' ' Ys» ; he went on and I called you, and we came in here.' 'Ah? And be was back in three day's time ? ' *Yes I telegraphed him that Lady Chet wynd wap dead. Ynu knew all this. Why do you ask so many unimportant qncs'ions ? 1 ' Simply to contirm mv own supp:cioiis and rcmcmbranccs,' said the old woman, her black face growing yellow. 'Missy, Gilbert Monk is as keen a3 a tiger that scents blood. He suspccted ns. When he went ont from your roi_ui that day he must have slipped in here, ihe doors Mere locked, it is true. How did he get in. With a hit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilhert Mouk. He hid in there; he heard nil we said. I remember I went to -ny own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of iny suspicions enmp'ete and deepen ihem into a dead cer tainty. If you had been absent from this room a momeut ? - ' Miss Monk ottered a singnlar cry. * I was ataent,' she ejaculated. 'Lady Chetwynd came to the dour of my boudoir for a piece of music. # ? Then all is clear. Gilbert chmged the glob'iles, and took an extra one out of this vial number three. He was back in throe day*. He gave her ladyship more of the drug. .She was huiiel. He rescued her. He has hidden her somewhere all these months, l-ady Chet wynd livis. It was no ghost, but L'dy Chet wynd herself, whom ynu saw to-night ! ' (To be continued.) 