HARD HIT. BY 'YEEAX.' (Author of 'WITH THE TIDE,' ' BLUE AND WHITE,' «&c.;) (Specially 'Written for tho ' Referee') ? ALL BIGHTS EESEEVED. ? \ CHAPTER VIII. ' . , ??'? JUST IN TIME. ? _ rr\HE- township of Melrose Creek was J- ? bathed in silvery moonlight. Not a sound could be hoard except tho occasional bark of a dog or tho crowing of a1 rooster fancying day-dawn was at . hand. ? The minors wero all asloop after a hard day's, work. Many wero in tents or small huts rapidly put up. In the main street w.ero several stores and a couple of public houses, a church, and a small hall, and sundry wooden dwellings, Melroso Creek had sprung rapidly into Ufa with that mushroom-like rapidity for which mining towns are famous. Both gold and silver had been found in large quantities, and already several men wero on the high road to fortune. There had been a, big rush to Melrose Creok when Nat Smiley made the first discovery of gold and silver. He had been fossicking about in the vicinity for some months, and had at last been rewarded by striking a rich patch. The news soon spread, but Nat had secured tho claim ho wanted, and it was turning out the richest on the field, and already he was called the ' lucky digger.' .There was more silver than gold in Smiley's claim— ho had two — and tho silver ono promised to be a huge mine of wealth. . Molrose Creek is situated in a splendid hollow, bounded on either sido by moun tains and almosf cut off from civilisation. The Government had mado a rood to the placo from tho nearest township, but it was like most Government work, not particu larly good. About 1500 people had settlod down at tho Creek, and a brisk buBinoss was done at the various stores. The public housos. as usual, drove a roaring trade, for tho miners mado their money rapidly and spent it freely. Nat. Smiloy's cottage was at the far ond of the main street, and he lived there alono. He had about thirty, men employed on his claims, and ynt ho could not fancy any of tlrbm well enough to make a com panion of and take into his home. Smiley was peculiar. Ho was about five and thirty, and a robust, hearty man, quite capable of taking caro of himself. He was much respected fpr his straightforward ways and his liberality. Any caso of dis tress coming under his notice, his hand was always in his pockot ready to render assis tance. He was a well oducated man, and why ho had como out to tho colonies no ono know or eared. Ho was decidedly hoad man at Melroso Creek, and he had assumed tho position naturally. Molroso Creek was slumbering, or rather her inhabitants wero. Smiley was an early riser and a light sleoper. It was almost four in tho morning, and he was wide awako. Suddenly his practised ears caught the sound of a horse's hoofs, and it appeared as though the animal was gallop ing over the turf near tho approach to tho township. Smiley listened intently, and at last got out of bed and drawing up tho| blind looked out. Ho could not see any-' thing, so ho opened the door after slipping on his clothes. ?' What a beautiful morning,' ho said to himself. 'Wonder who's abroad at this hour? Some poor boggar been bushed perhaps, and luckily struck the Creek. Hullo ! what's this ?' ? The reason for this remark was not far to seek. Clattering up tho stroot came a magnificent horse with a long rope trailing after him, fastoned round hid neok, Nat watched it, and once came to tho conclu sion the horso had broken away during the rfight and left his rider in tho bush. He watched the horso until it come to a stand still nearly opposite his door, ? Then he gently slipped out of the gate and gradu ally got up to the end of the rope. He coaxed the horse, and it seemed inclined to recognise him. Horses have a curious instinct, and intuitively know when a man likes them. So Nat patted the animal on the neck, and gently led it into his en closure. The horse saw a buoket on tho ground, and at once made a dart for it. 'Thirsty, oh!. That looks bad,' m\it. terod Nat. ' You must have been§ a day or two without water.'. He wont to tho well and hauled up half a bucketful, and the horse drank it oagorly. ' Tou'ro a beauty,' said Nat. ' Cost no end of a trifle, I'll bet.' He was right, It was poor Rolf Stan dish's horso Testator that, had luckily found his way to Mqlroso Creek, ' Whera'a your master, old follow,' said Nat. Testator looked at him, and shaved his nqso in Smiley's hand. He glanced around, and seemed as though he could explain it all. '? I seo,' said Smiloy. '' You've got away. in tho night, my boy, and left tho boss to dio in tho bush,' I suppose. It must have been a couple of days sinco you sljppod him, I must have somo of tho lads out, and we'll organise a. search party, We'll find your master, never fear. If he's alivo, wu'll get at him somehow. It's a clover chap can hido from ino for twenty miles around here, I guess I haven't fossickod about horo for a couple of years for nothing. I ofton wonder how tho deuco I'vo lived through it. Melroso Crook, and .Nat Smiloy tho oldest inhabitant. Funny, isn't it,' Holaugliod to himself as ho thought of it. Ho tethered Tostator, and gave him a feed, and then marched \\\p-''tho '.street and. knocked up threq of his men, . . ' Now, lads, we must scour tho country, There's a man buBhed somewhere, and we must find him. Recollect what an awful thing death from thirst is U'ds., I'll give aten'nor to the man that strikes h« traolt first,' _ . ?'. ?'-. .. . . .... 'Wo'll find him boss'1 said thomen; 'If he's abovo ground we'll havexlum afpro sunset,'1 '. ' ??' Tlioy got horses, and tho four of them wero soon off. , , Tho tracks of Testator's hoofs wero visible, and in tllO heavy deny they could discern tho trail of the rope, which looked almost.liko ft snako gliding along tho grass. On they wont, Blowly but surely. Did they but know it, thov wore having a race with grim death, and it was a toss up whioh would win, Nat. Smiloy felt anxious. Ho had been nigh to death him self onco in the bush, and he know its fe'arful agony. . . Tho'mon soldoin spoko; their mission was too solemn, Thoy might find a lmman being-dead or in mortal agony, and past help. On they went, Brave hearts that would have givon a year W thoir lives to find a lost man alivo and resoue him. When Rolf Standiuh oarae to himself it was early morning. Ho had been in sensible sevoral hours, and it was a merci ful dispensation that such had belen tho cause. But as conBoiousness returned ho renlisod once more the awful nature of hia position. v .'?'., . ? To dio in a -wilderness ! ? ..What had lie done that this awful .calamity Bhould come uponhim? . ? '??' ? . ; Ho tried to stand, but could not. Ho felt numbod and almost without hopo, : And yet there was 'a faint, a vory faint ohanco for him. -Testator might have found his wayback to Yeronga, and they would, come in search of him. , Ohl thiB awful thirst.' Water r;J\Vate*! Water 1' Ho would have sold His hope of salvation for one cupful of. water.: Ho could not move. Ho must dio like a dog. Above him shone tho bright blue sky. The birds twittered-, and fluttered around. They were safe Thoy knew whero to find water, but he— Great God 1 ho must die of thirst. The sun came out and poured down its scorching rays upon him. His hat had fallen' off, and he heeded it not, Hib head burned like fire, and his mouth had swollen and blistered. Ho was becoming delirious'. More dreams of far-off lands. He was at homo, and Tilly by his side. He once moro saw. tho_ old placo as it had been in the days of liis youth boforo that terrible crash came. Ho saw his doar old father in the prime of life, happy, honored, and respected, and his sister's loving voice murmured words of comfort in his ear. Ho wandered through shady valleys with Tilly by his, sido, and he dabbled in the brooklet that ran its way through mosses of forgot-me- nots, violets, and may flowers. All was poacd. Ho was with hor, contented and forgetful of tho world. ' ? ' Tally ho ! Tally ho ! Tally ho ! Thoy'rq off.' Ho heard tho familiar cry'ring in his ear, and the bugle of tho huntsman sound on the still scono. Ho saw tho red coats dash alongside the wood, nnd tho fox bolt out with tho pack making music as they struck his scent in tho wood. Away, away, away. That was a groat leap. Safo over. In the first flight with 'em now. There they go, tho beauties. Heads down, tails out, and running like the wind. He's in the same field with thim. Away thoy go. Tilly and he aro the only two up. Tho rest are toiling in the rear. What a run ; an hour without a chock. Run to earth at last. Dig Reynard out. The little fox-terrier with tho best Belvoir blood in her veins is up and ready to dart at tho holo. He's got tho brush, and hands it to Tilly. Water, water, water ! A, flash of memory. Back again once moro to his awful position. Not in the hunting-fleld with the Meynell, tho Quorn or the Rufford. but dying by inches in tho Australian bush far from human aid or help. Mercy ! Great God have mercy ! Kill him outright. Stop this fearful gnawing pain. Night is coming on — his lost night on earth. Visions flash boforo his eyes. Sweet music sounds in his ears. He sees angel forms flitting amidst the ghost-like branches of tho gum-trees. He is on the brink of tho grave. 'A peep into futurity has been vouchsafed Rolf Standish. He sees his father with outstretched arms waiting to welcome him on the shining shore. A great calm comes over him. Rolf Standish is a bravo man, but he shudders as the cold grip of death lays hold upon him. Ah! what's that? With a great effort he tries to wrench himsolf away. He feels that hand again upon his shoulder, and a grim voice whis pers in his ear : ' Mine ! Mine ! Mine I' Not yet.' There is a merciful God above. He has tried Rolf Standish, and found him a true man. Not yet ! . There are willing hearts searching the donee- bush, and they are on the track. Not yot ! The 'gorged carrion birds shall not feast upon the prey they have watched so long, ?A human voice. Heavens! con it be true? '?'-- - ? ??' Rolf's fast closing eyes gazetipward, and ho sees the face of Nat. Smiloy bending over him with a wiatful look in his eyes. A' sniilo of contentment passes over Rolf's face as he falls-buck — dead. ' He's gone,' said Smiley. ' Poor chap. A fine young follow too,' 'Not dead % yet, boss,' said one of the men. ' It's a near go though. Hero, hold up his head. Nourishment was forced between Roll's set tooth. If over a man was snatched from the very jaws of death he was, . For two 'hours thoy tried to revivo him. Then when ho came round they sat with him all through the night under the big ti'oo and tended him as carefully as a mother would her child, The sons of tho bush woro true hearted men. Morning — and with it Rolf was found to bo in a high stats of fevor, combined with sunstroke Hqw they got him to Molroso Creok thoy ? hardly know. Ho could not sit on a horse, so they spread a blanket . and fastened it between two quiet horses and placed him on it, and then led them gently along. At times they improvised a littor, and carried him., After a two days' 'tramp they reached Melroso Crook. ? ? ? ? i ? 1 All tho township turned out, and, deapito the warning hand Nat held up, oheer after, cheer rent tho air, ' - . ' , ' It did not rouse Rolf Standish. Ho lay liko one in a trancb. ? \ , ' They carried him carefully into Srailey's house, and hq was put v'into Nat's own bed, ' For weoks ho hovered between life and death, and that faithful man tended him like a mother. Jn his ravings Nat gathered a good deal of Rolf 's post life, and what he could not understand - ho guessed at. His honest hearb wont out to tho sufforer; and ho vowod if ho recovered he should work a part of his claim and sharo the profits. Gradually Rolf got bottor. Slowly lie re gained strongth. At last ho could sit up and t/UlJ, He questioned. Nat and heard all, . ? n. How- grateful ho felt, He looked at Smiley with tears in his eyes, and thanked him a thousand times. ' K ' Arid you've watchod roe for weeks,' said.Rolf; 'what did 'you do that for?' 'Because you're a follow oroaturo, and a good follow I'll bo bound,'- said Nat i 'You jxist getwoll.my hearty, and I'll show you what Nat Smiley will do for you,' . . ' ' ' . ? ' ' But where am I?'* said Rolf. . ? 'At Melrose Crook,' said Nat Smiley, ' That's where I was .bound for whon the horse left me and I got bushed. It's all through the horse I lost my way,' said Rolf, ;.;: ..?.,. , . .?:::.. ? . ? :, ,? -.' ' Audit's all through'that horso you were found, lad,' Baid Nat, '? ' ' How's that ?' asked Rolf. . . ? '- Look,' said Smiley, as he opened the door.',' ? ' ..'?? ? .. ?; ?' ? ? ?'? ?' ' ' ?' ' ' Why that's Tostator, my horse,' said Rolf . ??' How did ho got here t' 'Found his way and saved your lifo,' said Nat. ' I saw him como up the stroot, and guessed what had happened and set out to look for you. Wo woro only just in time.- You had a narrow Bqneak, mate.' ' Arid you saved mo,' said Boll! j 'How can.I ever repay you P' .'By getting well and working ray claim with me,' Baid Nat, . ? 'I'll work for you with a will when I'm strong,' said Rolf. ' ?: ' .' That you shall, mdto, and for yourself, too. ,L like you,. Rolf,, for that's .your name I found out in your rambling talk, and I heard ft bit of your history. Never mind, it's all safe with mo,' ho said, as Rolf looked hard at him. , , ' I'vo had a rough timo of it,' said Rolf. ' I want to make somo cash if I can.' 'And I know why,' said Nat. 'Novor fear, mate. You shall win that girl if Nat Smiley can help you.' ' Did , I tell all about that ?' said Rolf. 'You did, and what you said is sacred. No one heard. you but myself,' he said. ? ' You're too good,' said Rolf . 'Heaven will reward you.' 'I'm rewarded already' in seeing you recover,' said Nat. 'What is your name? I forget what you said,' asked Rolf. ? , ' Nat Smiloy, my lad. Somo people call me the ' lucky digger.'' (to be continued.) 