Tbe Novelist. A Borii Cdqufette By MRS. HONGERFORD. ^Author of " Molly Bawu," Phyllis." 11 Lady «' ! • Brankamere," " Tha Duchess," tc., Sc. • ' ; [Hi t9SEHSLUn> BlOStS BBSEBTSB ] CHAPTER XXIV. hZL' 'cf'Andehs was flattered, "worshipped, l>orc<l.: '•j? jf2T\ H! GONE-YES," say b. Nan I •» wearily; " I wish I could say | for good." "But are you sure, oertain.,1 I thought she would like tod .ice me again. You saw her go?" : "Atrah/miss, didn't ye hear her'go?" asks •Mr. Murphy, who has been giving the battered! old pieces of silver a severe cleaning, and is now replacing some of them upon the side .board. " Faix, the clatther o' thim ridioklus shoes ov hers goin* down the steps a minnit ginee, would have waked the seven sleepers 'Were they snorin'." "She's gone, indeed, for a soason," says I Kan discontentedly, "after being about as dis agreeable sg ever she could bs. Su'eh a temper. And all because she is afraid her bonnet will I be spoiled. I never met anyone whoso remarks ] jsre so full of the most execrably bad taste. And the worst of it is we haTe got to endure < her. No hope of escapt. I wish," with a hslf-oomio sigh, " that somehody would run Wway with her." , ; A ohuokle from the veteran at the sideboard | here attracts their attention. - ^ "Ran away wid her, is it??, says.he. 1 "Fegs, ye needn't think ye'll get rid "of her that way. Civil a hit farther amy'daoehtman would' get wid her than the first lamp-post, anyhow." "Did she say anything more about me?" questions Penelope anxiously. 1 "No. Sheoonfiued the rest of her oonver iation to a treatise on the perfection of Mr. Home. She went away indignant, because I Jailed to see it was my duty to marry him. simply on account oi his being richer than his aaighhonrs."" r '"Did she spake to you like that? Faix, quare as she is, she has glimmers o' siute some times," says Mr. Murphy, addressing an ancient candelabrum. " I don't believe she's got one bit of con ■oieade,"'goes on Nan, hotly, "to try and Indnoe me to marry a man 1 don't care a pin about. It is disgraceful of her. Just because she married for money herself, she thinks all the world ahonld go and do' 1 kewise." "Mercenary old thing," says Gladys. " You are quite right, never listen to a word she says." "Ohp'wieha, Miss Gladys. May the saints givoyre wisdom," mutters Murphy, holding up his hands and the mustard-pot in dismay. - "T" really begin to hate Mr. Hume," says Nan, with a little frown. '' I hear nothing bat his name, morning, noon, and night. One would think he was the last man left alive." " Poor Mr. Hnme! It is a shame to visit all thil on him," says Penelope, gently. "After aD, it is not his fault, and surely he is very much to be liked." r^'iloro power to ye, Miss Penelope'," says Mr. Murphy to the salver. "Now there goes wan raisonable girl, the heavens be praised." " No, he isn't," Bays Nan fraetiously, mind ful of last evening'a skirmish with that young man. " He is both conceited and maeterfuL I can't bear him. I wish that horrid old nnole of his was alive, and then we should not be annoyed by his pressnoe here." " He's a very kind man." says Penelope repreachfully. "Indeed, Nan, I think the only fanlt you see in him is that he is in love with von." " Yes, really now, Nan, you must confess he is good-natored," said Gladys. " And as to the fact of his loving yon being considered a fault, well, that's a harsh way of looking at things." ;'I wiish a few more people with his fault would come down here," says Penelope,'laugh ing," " that is if I might be the object of their failing." " I wish you were Mr.: Hume's object," dec! ires Nan petulantly; " I confess I am tired to death of him-his come, bis place, his money, hi3 distinctly ugly face." " Pegs an* all Miss Nan, ye ought to be ashamed of yersilf," Bays Mr. Murphy, laying down the cruetjstand with a bang. "There's Providence has "thrown the biggest bit of luok thitiver cime to Rithmoro iul r» yerlap, and ye're that ungrateful that ye"re u'mosc past praying for." 'f El tu Brute * cries Nan, turning upon him, not angrily, however, qnitc j jyonely. That she is amused is apparent, and this quick change in her from despondency to mirth is hardly taken notice of by the others, so rapid are ever her transitions from mord to mood. ; She stands now silently looking at Murphy, as though inviting him to enter tbo lists, end battle, it out'with her, but that wiry old wa'rior," not nnlcrsta&ding; her war-cry, wisely refrains from making answer to it. A dim belief fbsm of her late truculent demeanour) - that she bus called him a brute is' the ouo idea her words have conveyed to him. i . " You are as bid as Aunt Julia." rays Ncn, nodding her head at him. " I believe you, tOD, are devoid of conscience." "Oh! don't say that, mo dear. Don't ye, now. Misi Nan. I've always lived a quiot an' peace ible life, an' there's no mau can pint the finger o* scorn at mo. 'Tis all for for own good I spake, me dear, an' that"—solemnly— "yeUcnow. A bad conscience is a bad thiog t&ps;'iSx. Murphy, with deep meaning.- "An ' of co Bervioe to anyone. Ye111 mind Mike O'Raffexty, Miss Penelope ? Him as boried the wife a month ago?" " Yes, the saddler's man," says Penelope. "The same, miss. Well—here's now for a rale bad conscience for yo 1 Herself wasn't cowld in the grave a fortnight or less, when Hike began conrtin' afresh that girl o' tho Donovans, all for the sake o' the pig on' the feather bed tbat belongs to hor. Ye know her too, miss, don't ye? A fat Iatherrawn of a girl widont a word to throw to a dog. Well, anyhow,.that's her piother, an' Mike thought good o' makin' her an' the pig his own. But, fegs, miss, the wife, ye may be Bate, had a word to say about that, though her lodgin' was on the cowld ground. There was no. fear she d stand bain' deserted in sich a powerful harry ; an' the long an' the short of it is that sho ap peared to him I" • " Nonsause, Murphy 1" says Nan. "Oh!" flinging wide his arms. "Divilalio .in it! . tFp she throtted from the chapel-yard an' stood up straight an* tall ho his bedside. Aa sure as the day oame that he wiht to coorfc Moll Donovan, tbat night herself would oowe, an' stand over him in the dead pitoh black ness." • "Bat then how did he see her?" asks Pene lope. • ' " Ob, me dear, sure ye know tbat sperits brings a light along o* thim. An awful light; - 'twould make ye screech to see. For all the world like the shine yo'd make wid a luctfer match before sthrikiQ' it altogether." "Murphy, don't; you are making me creep," cries Nan, so tragically that the old mau be-, lieves her. "Give us the third volame, Murphy," says Gladys, who is honestly interested. - " Has he given up Moli, and gone back to his first allegiance?" " Fair, no, me dear. 'Pis he'e the canning chap! He's found a way for him3elf out of his throuhle, and diddled the ould woman com plately. He still keeps on at the shop in the daytime, hut for the night he's taken a bed room over Con Callaghan's stables, and there he sleeps in clover. Dickens a hit o' the wife could And him iver since. He's done her en tirely for this turn. Did ye iver hear o' such a knowin' blaggard? An* wouldn't ye have thought, now, Miss Nan, that a ghost would be more clever than that? To let herself be outwitted by a mere mortial. Look at the power o* thravellin', miss, she must have done for the past month, an1 the sights ehe's seen. Glory be, 'tis surprism* how advantages is thrown away upon some peoplo." "Tho village is small, sho may find him yet," says Nan consolingly. "Well, they do say, miss, that she's on her ronnds. There's been a lot of pinchiu' au' pokiu' felt by the folks at night daring the past week. There was Mary Magnire found yelling fit to kill herself the other morning at daybrealf, an* when they aBked her what ailed her at all, at all, she said she felt the big toenail beiu' clean dragged off her by Mrs. O'Kafferty. The saints protect us! Bnt it n't it a cruel thing, miss, that the innocent should suffer for the guilty ? However, there's one comfort," says Murphy pionsly, " the hiring of that bedroom ivery night is costing him a purty penny." " Here's Mr. Hume driving up to the door," cries Gladys looking out of the window. " la he come foryou. Nan?" ' "Yes,he said he'd drive me to Glandore. There, run and talk to him, while I put on my hat," Bays Nan, flying out of the room/ " 