. THENOBLEVAGABOND." This, is.tlie striking title of;the next bigproductioidat the Theatre Royal, and,; so, .far; as we can learn, the author, JSlr. Heiiry Arthur 'Jones, who is also author Of 'the i well-nown drama/ " The ' Silver King,", lias excelled /himself.' He' has indulged -in what it is the fashion to call a new departure. He has deserted the ' old-, lines of poetry, and has resolved to rely on melo dramatic effects.. He has. pitched his. whole, scheme in ii very high key; and beginning with strong effects, lie keeps them going until the very end. Mr. Jones has requisitioned a large number of .rcenes in which to tell his story, ..but it must be said that lie lias put some- thiii'g good "into almost every one of them. He labels hisfirsb: act; "Tlie Sins of the .Fathers," and in the inornind-robm at Maplebury House/ which is in pos session of Sir Godfrey Deveson, a justice of the peace, we very speedily learn. that he is one of the fathers with sins' to be accounted for either in this world or the 'next.' The other is a ,'veiierable drunkard named Joseph Scorier, who dwells in a " den" which is sup posed to be haunted, because there are heard in its . neighborhood very frequently, moans and groans; and distressful cries. The fact is that Joseph is as cunning as Old Gaspdrd. He has hoarded plenty of money, and: the popular belief about that the ghosts suits his purpose very well indeed, more particularly seeing that, he has slinc up here Mary. Lester, a lady whom lie lias cruelly wronged, and who lias been made some what macl by his treatment. The hero of tlie story is Ralph ' -Lester son -of ' this poor woman. He is intro diiced at;the beginning in .'custody on a chargeof. petty, larceny, for, being a member of a strolling company of \- players who are .wan ting bread, lie lias dared to enter a baker's shop and to help himself for liiniself and his hungry associates. He is brought before Sir Godfrey, and'he -finds a sweet pleader of his cause in the person of Maud, Sir. Godfrey's daughter., Here eyes, speak love to eyes that speak again, and when we learn that Ralph Lester is of good birtli, and that every inch of him he is a really "Noble Vagabond," we guess, anil guess rightly, that the fortunes of the young people are, to be entwined " for better or worse," "aud we hope that, it will be for better. Our hopes certainly run counter to our knowledge, for we are sure that there are all sorts of troubles and trials to be met and over come ere the happy diinowment is to be reached. Sir Godfrey, it soon appears, has been engaged in fraudu lent business, and is deeply indebted to the. old miser, who dwells at the Black Copse. '.This- old miser has a son— Ralph Scorier— wlio, returning from abroad, visits hini, demands money, and,1 being denied and resisted in his attempts to take it, .draws, a pistol and shoots with, precision that leads to fatal results. It is not a sudden. death. Joseph Scorier gets upon his feet after his assassin' has made his escape. The firing of the pistol has been witnessed by mad. Mary Lester, looking from behind her cell door. The end Of the miser is seen by only by Maud. Deveson, who believes that her father is the murderer, and who hastily makes her escape ' in the darkness, when' Ralph Lester cotnes un expectedly to the 1 house. He sees the body of the murdered man ; he sees Maud Deveson running away not .unreasonably lie supposes that the deed of blood lias been committed' by her. Here- then is a, double 'mistake; ' ' 'Maud .wants to liide what she supposes is , her father's terrible secret. Ralph Lester "wants to hide i what lie. supposes is the . crime "of the woman he loves. And so wanting he never spares himself. When the villagers, moved by gossip, "determine to go up to the Black' Copse to see what has become of the greedy veterrih, makes use of his showman experience, and — the body of the miser having been buried surrep titiously—represents him, and roundly curses his dis turbers. Further, when suspicion is getting too strong he puts in an appearance at the village fair, and even subihits to a mobbing and a lynching in his endeavor to make tlie dwellers in the district believe that Joseph Scorier is about to leave the country for ever. - The truth, as may be supposed, comes out at last, and poor suffering Mary Lester, clothed and in her right mind,, is able to fix the crime of the murder of Joseph Scorier upon Joseph Scorier' s own son, who, finding tlie game is up, accepts the inevitable, and .walks off to gaol in the company of the only constable that Maplebury can boast. In some fashion, which is not veiy clear, Sir Godfrey, who has run away because of the shis which have. made for him a guilty 'conscience, is restored to his possession of Maplebury House, and iii a way, about which there has never been any mistake, Ralph Lester and Maud Deveson join hands and hearts, there being promise for the lady of abundant happiness in hqr union with the " Noble Vagabond." ' .» # » < / ' " ' Nellie Farren and' Fred. Leslie contemplate another. Australian tour. 