: The, Mirrored Demon, A Weird Talo of tho Black Pool at . The Alders. Toward tho end of a cloudy anmmcrdayi having slowly cllbibcd to tbo top of a bill thickly wooded with young dixicb.T saw at last the gables aud towers of Tho Alders, on estate which occupies the foggy bottom of the vniicy. i w<4 coming to take possession of thiB domain,. jr£.doucd for forty years past to tbo insv4B ,Iciit enro of a superan nuated stowai'/. t.rvIio Into proprietor, my fntber. who boZ J / luntly died aud whoso heir I WOB. Urging i rfy forward, I commenced to ascend th/ fei1,.. Tho grade was Bleep, and tho ar/'Aftls iron ehocB slipped peril ously in tlii jiji/se gravel of tho road. Under tho dark nnd heavy sky, tho pines to right nnd left took on a gloomy buo ; below mo, blurred in tho haze of tho valley, rose tbo cb&tcau;, a dark and broken mass, which was almost hidden from sight by tbo great foreBt about it, brokon-berc and there with open beatha and reed-fringed pools of a sickly greenish buo. I remembered that my father bad always evinced a great distasto for The Alders; the very name mado biu shudder. A cold, drizzling rain was now falling, and I soon felt very uncomfortable, for the morning bod been fine and I bad neglected to bring a topcoat or travelling wrap. . . Arrived at tbo foot of tho bill, I lmd to pass through a little village of a hundred or a hundred and fifty homes, the last cottage extending quite to tho main entrance of tho chateau, Tbe noiao'ot my horse's hoofs brought to tho doom eight or ten peasants, sign of a salutation.- I attributed to my long contemplation of tho young piqes, through which 1' had been travelling, the singular coloration which certain objects assumed In my eves; tho arms and faces of the miserable villagers, who stared at mo with a cowed and brutish persistence, seemed very sallow, almoBt green. A few wornon's heads and hands showed nmld tho group of tncn. . It seemed to mo that these beads and bands wcro also sallow and green. .The chateau gates wore closed. Through tbo bar, Icper'blotchcd with rust, could be seen tho great scigoeural court, grown with rank wecda, and further tbo abandoned chAteau. Tho rain, becorao sharper now, was chilling mo to tho bone, I descended from my horse, tied tho poor beast— which bung its bead through sheer fatigue— to a ring mortised into tho stone wall, and presently found the bendlo of a bell half concealed in tbe intricato wrought-iron work of tho gate. 1 polled it violently several times ; but in placo of tho cxpeoted cheer ful peel, two slow, heavy, and solemn strokes of nn alarm-bell resounded omi nously in tbo distant gloom— for it was already dusk. From a littlo lodge nt tho tight of tho obAteau emerged an old woman, who held aloft a lamp. Very tall, very thin, and enveloped rather than dressed In a robe ot coarse gray etuiT, which looked like a grimy shroud, sue came to tbo gato with tho measured and noiseless trend of a spcctro. Tbo lamp, which sbono full on her face, revealed to mo boncatb her gray locks bor eyes, dim and boggard ; hor cheeks wore very sallow. " Wclcomo to yonr cdtate, sir," said she, as a great koy grated in tho lock. 8ho was tho manager wife. . "Thanks, Mme, Chartier," I responded; u but I coino in evil weather." "In evil weather, indeed." . She conducted me to tbo little house; tho wet weeds reached to my knees. " Who will look to my homo t " I asked; T nrMl " p>iA afiM 11 You have no servants, madam V . "No.". ' "Who,1 then; looks after tho chAteau and keeps the grounds in order?" " There aro no grounds," sho replied. We entered tbo living-room, which was dimly lighted nnd poorly warmed by tho fitful blaze of a peat fire. . There was, doubtless, but ono lamp in tho establish ment, that which Mme. Chartier had taken up when she canto to meet mo. " Chartior," said the womnu, slinking tho. shoulder , of an old man who seemed tU' hc dozing in iho cbimney-coiny'"" Chartier, get up ; hero is the nn.w"master.1 Tho old man ttirn6ti toward mo ; his face, was sallow,., too, with tho uamo dim and Jiaggatd-bycs. _ f' ' ; "" V Welcome to your estato, sir," said' he, as ho arose and offered mo n chair; "warm yourself, sir, unless you take cold." Mme.,0hartior who had gono out, doubt less to lead my horse to tbo stable, returned ladcn-with dishes and glasses, and- quietly sot about laying the table, .whioh she pulled up from tho side of the chimney. "Thcso seem to bo very sullen, people," X thought, and 1 determined to' send away .thiB lugubrious couple as soon ns possible., ' ' - '""Well, Chartior," I said, to brenk a eilenco which bad becomo. disagrceablo to mo, '."do yon get. on well,. and may I hope to seo you hero for many dayB to come?" You will not see me here for many days to come," ho replied. "How so? Do you then wish to leave Tho Aldera?" : t " Oh, I, sir— I shall novcr leave Tho Aldere. But you' will depart vory soon. I enr.ilod, for my intention , was to install myself definitely In my now proporty." "Ye?, sir," said Mrao. Cbartlor's voice be hind me,- " you will depart very soon," I was about to exclaim 'against this singular nfllrmation, when the old woman added ; ... , " Dinner Is ready, sir." Wo drew up about tho tabic. "Do you .expect some ono?'? I. inquired, for four covcra bad been Iad. - M Yes, sir ; wo'expoet our daughter," said the manager, serving tbo soun. ' - " So you have ft daughter?" \- 1 bad bopes that a young face might bring- some gaiety, to tho scene. "Wo. havo no' daughter," said Mme, Chartier, ' The dinner was not nbnndunt ; neverthe less, I hail tho wherewithal to satisfy amply tho appetitu my.long day's ride Irnd given mo, for my. bosto ate scarcely at all, I ABkcd Chartier if ho wcro sick. " Everyone is sick hero," ho replied, bo- cause of tho pool," \- " Indeed, I had remarked that tho in- babitanto of the villago nro singulprly pale." " Thoy hayo'tbo fover ; but thoy suffer lees thap wo, for thoy aro not so near."- ."True, ".I said, with a slight obiver; I bad always particular! v feared malaria fevers. After dinner, Mmo, Obartler retired to prepare my chamber, not-ip tho chAteau, which lung abandonment', bad rendercd un- inhabttablo, but In the lodgo on tho upper floor. Ttio manager and I drew up to the .fire. "Sir," said tho old man,,Vcxcuso us if wo reCclre you poorly. It is sad iri this country; tho fever taken tho children from tho vcry cradloi and -only nt tho gravo-yard does it leave tho men who havo resisted it, It ie because of the .pool, .which ahould-bo- drained," he addr/b extending his hand to ward tbo window, " And then, wc, oir, nro sadder than tho -iicra, for .wo- lost our daughter a month . "Your daughtif ia dead, Chartier?" I. asked, . "God knbwa,bir,. Aofor iiB,-\yodonot know what has becorao of her.1' Preaently'ho went on in;a lower tonot "Madeleine was very sad, '.very ill ; sho was as wo aro, my good sir. Jliit the birds tiU, ling wion tboy are ill, nnfl Mndeloinf Enng near us. irlin do nut crcn talk. 1 thought alio would resist tlio sconroRO. and I said to myself. S imo ilny. Ood willing; I shall (alio her lo livo in a city.' To see tho to3CB In her checks, wo would have given our- lives, my poor wile nnd I. But sho was very pale ; oho went too often to the edge of. the .water. Bho loved— I do not know why —that water, which harmcd hor so. Often, when hor mother called her to dinner, alio was seated in tho- wet grass at tha sido. of tho -pool. Wo acoldcd her, hut it did no good. -It pleased lior- sho snid. to liston to the noiso of tho wind in tho roods. Sbo had nothing clso to nmuso her. tbo dear child. In othor countries, tho littlo girls of poor pcoplo can gntber flowers, peep in tho birds nests, nnd hnvo doves and play with them us in tho pictures I havo seen in tho city shops : hero, air, thoro aro no othor flowers than tho lilies of tho pool, tho birds would bo afraid to build thoir nests in our great, giwlnjr treca,. ana Lno only uuvea uiu ravens. My poor girl, thon, loved tho Eool, Sometimes, of an evening, I would car her open the window of her chamber —tho chamber where you will sloop to night, sir. ' Como in I' I would cry; 'go to hod, you will tako cold,' 'No, nol' shs would say; nnd when I asked her what sho was looking nt, 1 There is a star in tho pool.' sho wonld anBWer. Ono morning at tho breakfast hour, Mndeloino did not como down stairs. Ilcr motbor wont up to hor room, - Mndolcino is not bore I' cried my wife; It was a month ago, ono Sunday morning, Madeleine has not come back yet." > Chattier had spokon slowly, in n monoto nous tono. Now ho wspt silently, Tho dlsnpponranco of their child moro th«n accounted for tbo gloom of my' hosts. I repented hnvlng judged thom harshly, nnd it wus with sincero pity that I pressed tho old man's hands as 1 retired, . My chamber was a small room, covered with n raonldv naucr': in one corner nn trrni bed, two enne-sented obnira at right and left of n walnut commode, a portrait of a young girl— Madeleine, doubtless — facing the singlo window— that was all, I wont to bed and to sloop, not without somo diffi culty, ior the sto word's talo had predisposed my mind to lugubrious thoughts, nnd then I thought of tho fovor whioh I dreaded so. After nn hour of restless sleep, I awoke with n start, " Who's thcro f " I cried, Tho lamp, which I had not oxtingniahed, enabled mo to convince myself that I was alone— absolutely nlono with tho portrait. From my bed, whero I could no . longor sleep, I looked long at this picture. It was a young girl, very palo, dressed In whito, in an attitude ot meditation ; sho gnrcd nt tho window with a strange earnestness. As ono involuntrlly follows tho ginnco of a person near, I directed my eyes parallel to tboso of tbo portrait. Tho window bad no curtains ; beyond tho panes appeared vaguely tho Indistinct silhouettes of tho forest, and in tho shadow thcro was a single star. Turning back toward Madeleine, I noticed that her gaze bad bccomo moro in tense, but It was easy to explain to myself why it scorned so : plunged for 'an Instant Into tho nlgbt, my eyes should now see moro clearly thoso of tho portrait, on which tho lamp shono full. What I could not explain, what 1 do riot understand even yet, was an absurd idea — tho result, no donbt, of my nervous excite ment — which led mo to get np, open tho assh, ns if in obedienos to tho dcslro of tho portrait, and, tho window open, turn back to It to receive its thanks.. A breath of wind which' entered tbe room extinguished the lamp, and tho portrait disappeared. Without, tho shadows were profound ; beneath tho low arid black sky vast trees stood ont, terrible against the nlghtj about a great, palo spaco in whioh shivered furtive, steely lights and tho dimmed reflection of a single star— it fwns tho pool. wumuv>iujj,x AUgtf UUt WUJT, 1 guZCQ Qt tho hcavcnB, tho trees, tho pool. It slept, but it lived, I divined thnt n ceaseless agi tation moved it, revealed on tho suifnco by tho trembling of tho weeds ; strange visions were in its inky depths, shadowy dreams of that eluraboring water whoso respiration rustled dolorously among the reeds. Some thing inqutoting and faspjnntlng lay prono in that sea, Nesp-tlio alilo toward tho houso tho reedtf"'wcro very thick; their- heads, now bowed, now lifted up by the' brcfcso, formed o moving black surface, which mado still moro Bombre the shadows of the neighboring trees, Was it possiblo.. that the thing I now saw balancing itself art' tho tips of tlio reedd was but the reflection of a tree ? I could distinguish perfectly a' body nnd a gigantic head, lightly akTCrfed llko thoao of a gitint asleep, rooked on shadowed waves, and two torriblo arms stretched forth toward mysrfndow. \ I strove in vain to draw'myaelf from the casement; a greater power than mino, a myBterfous desire, held mo rooted" to tho spot, I seemed to wait. For what? I did not know— for something which was to hap pen. . X heard a slight noise beneath the window ,and lowered my head. Along tho wall, something, I know not what— white, furtive,, swift, llko a whito cloth in tho wind— moved toward tho pool. It was a woman or her ghost. Ono instant thiB vague form stopped and turned back. By tho palo ray of the single star I saw a face and recognised it. Had I gone mad ? I recognised tho faco of tho portrait. That face was Madeleine's I While Bho approached the pool the wind must have shifted, for the reedB, which just now had leaned from tho sido of my window, bend down now to meet tbe young girl, and toward .her reached tho long arms of tho Shadow cradled on the reod-tips, Madeleine seemed to hesitate, n proy to violont emotion,. Now sho started toward tho phantom of tho pool ; now sbo stood motion- lesa nud soeraed about to retrace her steps'; bnt soon Bbo took up hor interrupted courso, and .rcnchod tho spot among tho interlacing trees, tbo obscure and. indefinite line wboro laud and wator met. At tho edge of the pool, almost within reach of tho fantastic arms which strained toward her ns if to en fold her, sbo stopped. In tho heavens thoro was but a single Btar; tuero wns a single star, too, in tho pool. I ' was- not dreaming, fori noted that. \ > Long, long, sho stood undecided, and some times she seemed to wish to fly to tho bouse; but oftenor, lost, shivering In tho breeze, in tho garb of death or of a brldo, sho held out her arms to tho Shadow which silently coiled her. At last aho threw herself Into tho torriblo pool. Tho. water must bo up to bor waist, for I saw only tho whiteness of hor breast. Sho advanced ever toward tho Shadow, and tho Shadow camo to meet her. Then I saw only her head, appoaring from timo to time between tho reeds— thon I saw nothing, . But tho rushes rattled more dolorously, twisted, bent, puahed asldo; the phantom which followed tho. movement of their tips writhed so tbat his chest shrank away from ouo sido, whilo his legs grew long on the other, ami his arras, as if they cnlacod in the depths somo proy cnbght at Inst, disnp- Seeds oncain n mighty parting of the \- Madeleine had drowned herself in this black, nwfal pool, I had not seen her, but surely I would bavo heard her cry out, if tho terrible water had not filled her mouth; Oh, horrible death J— hor feet sinking In tho humid slime of tho pool and her hands vainly clutching at the oluslvb support of tho rushes I Littlo by littlo tho motion became moro rare, moro conclusive, less prolonged ; Madeleine was dead boyond a doubt. Anew tho wind alono agitated thd.' great, noisy grosses, and I. 0a w. tho constant phantom slowly re-form Usolf on tho surface of the greenish blackness. ' . «, Theuoxt day, at breakfast, I ato littlo nnd «poko scarcely at all ; the old ; steward asked "C . mmrnmmm mm—m — . when it would suit mo to inspect tho estate. Immediately, I replied for I leavo this evening." As wo stnrtcd toward tbo. pool, X' noticed In the forest an old picca of ruined wall What is that?" I asked ' It is nil tbat is loft of an ancient chapel," replied Obartler; your father greatly ad mired tho stained-gloss window, which re presents nn apostlo stretching his arms to ward hcavon. Whan tho moon rises bobind tho window, it casts tho imago of tho apostlo on tho reeds of tho pool. Sometimes, in tho night, it is tcrriblo. Ab Obartler snid this. I felt my lers brushed by Bomotbing furtive, soft nnd light, as if a cat had robbed against mo. It was a napkin, still damp, dotaobed by tho wind from a cord where linen hong to dry a fow steps from us, between two trees beforo tbo house. " Wei),- said I, to myself, "1 most confess tbat tho fever and wakefulness bavo played tbu fwl with mo. I nave laxen ior a woman in white somo sbcot or garment borne by tbo wind, and for 'a phantom tho reflection of a stained window on tho reeds." And I began to laugh, to reassure myself com pletely, But I returned to Paris tbat even- ing. Three years passed, I had sold Tho AIders: to an industrial company which iotendod to drain the marshes. I bad given no thought to my sojoaM at tho melnnoholy chateau, except naW iiad ogain oa a sleepless night, when one raa.?aing, in,aa journal opened at hazard, I a >Ad tio following; " In tbo libvaltby district of whose inhabitants tit '&dy; begin to enjoy ' better health, them j' tho draining of tho marshes by a ccIcbra.M jdiUantrupnic Bocloty, there still rcmainsa vast pool which forms part of tho estate known as Tho Aiders. This pool io famous In the legends of tho country Each night, it is said, a gigantio phantom is Ub BVkU| oitvjuuj' ilguilj uu IQO WpB Ol IUB reeds. Somo enlightened persons having supposed that tbo phantom was nothing but the reflection of an ancient stained-glass .window in a wall near by, tho wall was de molished ; bat, by the report of tbo people of tho placo, tho phftQtom has not'eeftsed to appear evory night, "It h&a; not ceased to appear 1" I repeated, with a shudder, and X read on with q feverish eye : " Itowevcr that may be, rccontly, while the workmen labored at the draining of the ?ool, one of them, in rolling soma atones rom the bank nearest M. Chatter's house, discovered among tho reeds, deeply embedded In tho mud, n skeleton absolutely stripped of flesh ; it is supposed that it is the skeleton ot a young woman whose death must havo takon place thrbo or four years ogo." Then it was not a pieco of linen flying in tbo wind, tbat palo and hesitating form X had seen from tho window— it was liadoleine herself, drawn into the pool by (bo mirrored demon 1 Her death hsa taken place a fall month beforo my arrival at the chateau. &om6; inscrutable will, then, bad accorded mo for a fow hours tho unpleasant power of retrospective vision ; or, perhaps, the dead come from thoir shadowy abode, sometimes, at night, to visit'nzatn on earth tho eceno of the agony.— 7'ramtaUd from the Trench of Catfilte Mtiides, 