A FREE MARKB The lieral meaning of the word "a'ir," In its commercial sense, is a "free markeLt." In othe worIs, a "fair"meansa marketswhichalland eery moe ptoreh or not without buon sube'tetd to fee or tax, and also wore al sadrevery cansell wta out any schl disnbihties as attach tsosotinary marketsc. At one time the faits in nogaandwere grtest fetures in the ocia end industrial life of the people; but. since the establishment of roilwary, and the quicker ino oommnleateson which heon oeltorl. theoo foot, hors pretty well ded ot, mater peruhaps for relret. in some spects, but isevitabie oner the changed consiton of the natitoa life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown. anderd verylittleof the olt fasholoae methods obtain to thesm fst -:-headeolonies. Life is not s, loe andS leth.ore e in Europe, and bausioe is dose wit a movemaent and fore to whith. even in this day, few pterineldl folk is the o1 onty are accustomed. Tuhs, hbraeer. is a necassity, following upon our freer and moe spropsrou comdotni, as well as the awakened nt.tEes sd mtellligene of the last hlatl eetory. Life, too. though longer in Iets arerage than our woNthy focfatees eijoyl, it rll too shoot foe aw or cmbrous methods; and the art ow is sought in iall directions to do as much in so hoar so t100 years ax was scomplishsd in a week. Tis, howverer, is not a matter to wtmre If we ire :at hioler peeasure, we obtain higher retevs than the old folk could poaubly earn. The aversge earning apsrity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hstdred. fold greater. end is more equally d stributod thea is those 'good old days" which senotioeentalits are contlinually rgettiong-people.by the way, who are of similar aspltes eastitution to that of Ltnl tnnners who wrote: " t srelnce. leeains, aets and commerce die, But fie us backh our own nobility." People nowlye hae money to pend. wnd as edoe tionandso higler intlblietce hre taght themhowlto spend it wisely. we find gredat emtaolhsnts. such as For enl Oibeooas of Smith lret, tolin gwoed. springinl into existence, whose purpose t Ito to ripply to a well-to-dJo poptaltioa. the comforts, the neceoaorie, the eleoncie ansd rdnementl of home liar. heree we pause to make a mcorrectlson. We bahere seil that fail are naknown in Australia. We ase wrong. A: this present moment, the trm we hare mntoaond, Meser. Foy asd Oisom, are coad.tang a gigantic Fair, and to we a grphie. thoagh perhaps amewhat noar, expresion. "it is a sht odo sre ec good." Any thestrictt manaer who may happen pust ers. Foy anto Gibeona'. wresot shops doram the day must, indeed, bore a lars estd generoms mini if le forbear from a sizh of enry as he notes the throng and press of p uple ino and osut of those placer. Alt moved by the one imp ale-sn oage desire to artil themselves of tlhe adsotoge oafered by For aon Gibson to pucehserss during their great Fuir. To the oenerot mind it muotr. gvlee plessurne b redact th:at t least x per ens. of those crowds are sendeed hapier b.thelralttedsanrre at this Fr The poung wife who tas brase poe el of ona t tlose elosat manilo, of which such numbers of sutpassing beauty and smae ire exhibited, will hoes awtstr taoper oto mste tald spirt tha ha hitherta ruit tre. The matron who bhas setrad one of spl h edid s BAsLs sarpos et Is.ad. per yard wi feel a grester pridle than ever to her home., The country geontlema who oa pos chased his suites of furniture foe thes home which h s thoa prs~esme osduct _ his bride is ofsO with a sense of importance and reopesbdlity, to which hitherto, dorceg his d:floaeseftretiyhbehboa days, be has been gat'tervenes':r Ifj word, is Impossible for a relecting obserr to teoa on at the oeascLas oindus end ont-dos of visitoras to this show to be inesoaible to the reamstanas thaet thue fats merte a high. purpose than perhaps ever entered into the stenles tios of the originators themselves. We do sot sa. pose that Msares. Foy end Gibson. when contemplet ig the establishment of these fais, took ftoa see. honing the philanthropic aspect of the matter.; But as a rule moral good follows spon atll honourable e terprise, and Mrescrs. For and Olboon when thep reckon their profit. mayt if Ltey plee, add to them the important, though Janlor:e bance .L a m cre ued popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromthee fair.,and that is. that in the handso of capable men, no if isa however intricate or crrolieoted, are beyond the influence of method. Thr rules by which this great establiohment is goermned. are cen as the laws of the 3Ifedes and errans. A fired system--esult of long experience- and large business en periene, eontrols evory detail of the bust nee, so that matters go on lite machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the eteam oenqe. Some Ideamoy be formed by those who hove nees visited Foy and Gibon'so premises of their dsi when we inform them that the frontage extends 20Lft.to Smith street, andthat there is a depth to Little Orford street of oOlt. The pnrs show rooms, 11i1 with the costliest of fsninfas raiment are enormous apartments. We wonrd If ghosts of departed belles emble here o'nights and, amidst daintty Ml.b and ertett, and aes, and othe bewildering matters, taste again some light torn of the delight whbich once movred them in the deeh. We do not believe in ghosts. but, as we have Ys Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and eartht han are dreamt of in on philoophy, it my be on the cards that ghontsot do. parted fair ones do revisLit these scenes of rnet delights and mingle in spiritonl sympathy with the substrantial throng at Foy not Oibson as Fair. People-ldies in particular-who want a se senmation, ought to spend an bour or two at Fop asn Oitbon's Fair; and if they, hervin done so do moe exnpriencr a sensation as of onib who has behefld a sew revelation, all we can say is that they mest be say blto an played out For sruch people there is bt one resourtce-eatent-m -dioIn TAorl 