THE STRIKE. ra thb aunoBL Sir— I bavo no appeal, to make to, the eav ployen because they have. a lot of sins to answer for, but. want to ask the working man the reason why or wherefore tbia present atnkel There is no qnastfon of wagea, there is no question of homa, but it appeare tome the agitators have very good bffieU. which they intend to bold on to aa longas the work ing man baa the dust in his eyes. Tbat'doat means a lot of delegates' who have shown' they are utterly powerless, to bring matters to a crieis.- 'It now'behovea tbe'.men'to'make a move for freedom of action and Cb .work with Union or non-Union mea-iM required, and thk appears the only.stumblmg-blook. 7» has been magnified beyond an proper proportions, and the -sooner .the men aw throogh the mbterfuge.tbebeUer..ItMpatenttoanobierven that in .our colony the men had fair wages and good treatment, and it is only the effort of highly ' paid agitators which braashV our people into a strura which' really . should never nave been started.' Had our.menia ghost of a' eomnlaint the matter wdold havebeen different, but Sk kmentobJe fa see othenrfte anaible men give adhesian to a tyranny only tolerated in Russia. Everybody has had enough of the strike, and let the men turn to' with a will to take advantage of 'the evident benefitaof amunifioentProvidenee. Pitch the other colonies to their own resources and do pend on ourselves entirely. The delegates to the sister colonies are reported to have eoat a pound a day, besides travelling expenses, and the result of the deliberations simply Nothing. Let the men tarn to at onceandbyconstttu Uonaa imrcsentatioatbey can gain all they require without the nreomminus position of n- ferring either to Melbourne or Sydney far per miation to earn their daily bread. It is not to bo.supposed well-paid agrtaton wpl look with favour on a rwtinn of the strike which brinw grist to their mffl, but let the men look to their own interests and retain to work, as being the only way out of the present labour trouble. '?. , ' ?' 1 am, Sir, toy , TRITOX. 