In Obago,-and the 3NSew'Zealancd \- Exhibition. \--- S CHAPTER-IIL BY THE WAY. SSwift o'er the rolling wave Our ship speeds gaily on, ' Each billow seems the grave Of happy moments gone. I AM fully alive to the want of any personal qialifications; moral or physi cal,; to speak of, but' if being a fair sailor in all weather may be considered one, then I am gifted in that respect. Never yet' have I bowed head or heart to that agonising, tyrant-sea sickness, and therefore it was wvith a secret satis ,faction at the fun to follow, I replied evasively to the queries of my two elderly parliamentary 'friends, with whom I had to share a cabin. While we wereyet in' the sleeping waters of Port Phillip,'Mr A..demanded, with a mischievous twinkle in his eye, "Are you a good sailor?' -: - ?i " Don'tknow.' Sometimes I go out fishing, off, Brighton 'and Point.'Cook, but? I have niever been furthe' thai Portland for :thirty years, :and cannot telli how the big Pacific swells may affect me," quietly aiiswered.- - r;;iAh; he's sure to be;sick," ut in. SMr. C ; "and if you are, he continued, trying to assume an expression of fierceness, " we'll put you through the port hole., Cannot stand any sickness in our cabin , " "Perhaps 1: may rather enjoy the transfer. It is said that people often wish to die when they are awfully bad with mal de mer, and I have seen some who have felt that way," I replied, and there'was a smile, and something about " personal insinuations " as we mentally m:ia.!-rdc the strongth of each other's .Tiri'ugh t;h dreadedi "- ip,' ten ic'e alorg a;t hii:een knots an ihoi. Pat . Cape:S-hari'k, c:e.·vig :he bleast olfild ocean, while the :estless water surged against the iron sides with a mournful swish-swish, and the waves heaved t with an occasional moan .like a little one who has eaten green fruit, aind is t troubled with a pain under the pina- t fore. . Soon, all too soon, a change came a o'er the spirit of the scene. One by I one, and sometimes in troops, the 6 holiday makers sought the seclusion of d their cabins to commune with them- n selves. In like order, but in a greater a hurry, with exception of the lady por- t tion, 'they soon returned again to gaze t wistfully over the side and wish them- c selves at home or anywhere, anywhere I out of the ship. Certain it is that out v of the hundred odd gay souls who sat ° down' to dinner in the palace-like Y saloon, fully three-fourths would gladly 1 have parodied the nautical song-sup posing the thought of harmony could t have roused them- -and sadly wailed:- t I-I'm on the sea. Oh l I am on the sea. I am where I never should be, For sn overland route is the track for me. Yes, deep called unto deep with a melancholy vehemence, painful even to those who did not share in the trouble. The deep of men's physical. delpths groaned with a woeful " oh-a-ough-a," and it was a holiday time with the fish in the' deep, blue deep;: One small detachment of the Sal vation Army was on board, a captain two females and a baby,thelatter the mer riest of the miserable quartette. All the boisterous forms of physical Christianity were laid sadly aside, but the professor were indoubtedly serious; and I feared the sick chief would send his eternal principles over to the. ocean tenants. Nor was ' The blue, the fresh, and the ever free" 'a whit more kind or ccon siderate to other sky pilots, as a Church of England and two <Roman ·Catholic clergymen paid tribute to Neptune without any apparent sectarian bitter ness being observable in the cereinony, and I do not suppose the scaly vagrants which picked up' the crumbs could dis tinguish " t'other from which.". Even the talented, versatile Chief Secretary, who, by the \vay,"'vas, among the passengers, looked as if he had seen a ghost, so:w'ashed out and wilted,'all his repartee, sarcasm and volubility gone, and his lip music 'not such as would hold an audience entranced. If he got rid of his garments that night I would not be surprised to hear he put them in the little bed, and hung his limp form on thectothes rack. 'Anyway, it was a ;mixed:sort of a bundle I saw wheritI looked into .the cabin some time after and enquired, " IHow's her head' 'now ?" 'O sea ! capricious, treacherous, fitful, 'id'od'lidl'y fortune; 'To ofteln dost 1 cussedly u,,cnccerned as if n'itntng i short of a .typheon mtixed with would ratner travel a hundred miles on land than ten on. its uncertais bosom. To me !' eaci billow seems a grave " in reality ;arid its low, musical ripple more melancholy and depressing than 3 when in awful. grandeur, storm-lashed wvaves send. torrents. of spray dust, y blinding before destroying. r What awful tarradiddles novelisti and poets have written, old' oceant, of e thee;nrid: how mhany countless thoui e sands have gone astray to lead the life of a dog, at the best, or perisb mniseably in a midnight gale, lured to toil and destruction . by :Marryatt fables 'and Dibdin songs, or more atrocious' fibs' anent old.Norse Sea Kings. To be honest and sincere, I would not con demn my worst enemy to spmid his life on board ship, aid ifitemi necessity Y compelled me to drown an orphan n kitten, I would rather coinsign itto'the s malodorous Yarra than have it taken to d the back beach atWtilitamstown. rt i "say,: Captatn,"wmhen' are we~sup h posed to reach D'undmni ?"'cI ask,' going g up, to that mpgnificent specimen .of d humanity, for Captain Eddie looks like the giant' son of an almost 'extinct y .race. d W With'a quiet gin he tkes the pipe L. from his mouth it is late, and he has r earned a p li the soothing weied and says, You don 't suppose we are there already ? Weather permittlig, we shall reach HobarL (Tasmalia) 'about daybreak, and Port Chalmers6n Tuesday morning." I " Tuesday nex, arind- this oaly Wednesday; how on earth are we o spend the time ?" 'On sea," is the cool rejoinder. "Or by having a game' at euchie; will youo'join us ?'puts in a tall, genal looking gentleman, whose face was a sufficient passport, if good nature day be taken as' such. n Accepting the invitation, we ad journed to" the smoking -room, snd whilst playing I learnt casually, tori it was more conversation tharn cards, that my new friend was a mortal foe to the rabbit, a niore deadly exiterminator than phosphorised wheat or carbolic acid gas; and having successfully carried on a preserving factory foir years in the 'Western.District, was on his way to establish a branch in New Zealand, and so wagsi a'war to'thlebitter end on' the indefatigable bunny. .Of Mr. H. more anon, as he ':was: somewhat of a hiaracter. They. keep; respectable .hours on these steamers; the electric light 'dis appeared like liglitin~' afid at 0o.3o p.m. we. scrambled to bed, soa at present I follow the example.:. 