SELECTED POETRY. DBEAMTNGr OF THE PAST. Before the fire the old man sits, To-night, and dreams of vanished days, While o'er his locks of silver flits A golden halo from the blaze. And in the rucdy flame he sees Dear faces that he used to know, And hears again the birds and bees Of summers ended long ago. He sees a meadow green with spring, And April violets in the grass, And hears a bluebird caroling, High overhead as warm winds pass. The sky is bright with springtime gold, The earth is full of promises ; The orchard's folded blossoms hold The apples of the Hesperides A maiden's hand he holds in his, And tells the story of his lore, And seals it with a lover's kiss The red rose of her mouth above. He Teade hex answer in her eves, Like violets, after April rain, And through hie being swiftly flies A bliss that is akin to paiu. The scene is changed. Svreet bridal bells Come ringing down the years to him, And while their music sinks and swells, The old man's eyes with tears grow dim. " To love and cherish," sing the bells, "Till death shall part, till death shall pari." The echo dies in lonesome knells lu empty chambers of his heart. O wondrous artist of the flame! He sees a mother rocking there The baby with its father's name, And with its mother's eyes and hair, He hears her singing, sweet and low, A cradle-song, replete with rest, While watching, as so long ago, The baby sleeping on her breast. Then o'er the scene a shadow falls: The child they loved so much is missed ; He does not answer to their calls, Or oome at bedtime to be kitted. But, when they kneel at wight to pray, Peace comes in answer to their prayer, And heaven seems not so far away Because the child they loved is there. And then the shadow of her grave Palls over him from long ago. " O truest heart God ever gave," The old man cries, " I loved you so!" He Bees her in bo many things— The spring-time blossoms bring her back, And every April robin sings Of what his ionely life must lack Again, in long, stiil, summer days, He climbs the hill to talk with her ; And in their gentle, world less ways, The flower? are her interpreter. By that low grave, when earth grows dim, What things are asked, what answers given; And, as of old, it seems to him The hilltop almost touches heaven. The firelight's flickering Same dies low ; The old man wakens with a start, And back into the shadows go The ghosts that haunt his lonely heart. What witcheraft lurks in memory, And sway us by its subtle power— This man of four-score years and three, Has lived a lifetime iu an liour ! 