PRETTY ANNIE. This befell in the old days, and, as my friend Private luhlanuey was specially careful to make clear, the Unregenerate. There hal been a royal dog fight in the nullah at the back of the rifle butts between Learoyd's Jock and Ortheris's Blue Rot-both mongrel liampur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling minutes, and then Blue lot collapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and we were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a'most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because llampus fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died asway, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of Iill kinds. Humanus resemble red deer inm some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up n sort of imp in their breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line: it shows the retininginfluence of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, nadeach tale more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd's eves blegnl to brighten, and he unburdened hianscif of a lonu history in which a trip to Malhanl Cove. a girl at Pately Brigg, a gauger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. '"An' so .1h coot's yead oppcn from t' chin t' hair, an' be was abed for t' matter o' i month," concluded Learoyd pensively. M?ulvaney came out of a reverie-lhe was lv. ing down-:and flourished his heels in the air. "You're ta man, Learord," said he critically, "but you've only fougnt wid men, an' that's an ivry-day expayrince: but I've stud up to a ghost, an' that was not ivry-day expayrience." " 'o," said Ortheris, throwing a cork at him.'= "You git up an' address the 'ouse-you an' yer expayrience. Is it a bigger one nor usualP' "'Twas the livin' trut' !" answered Mul vaney, stretching out a huge annm and catching Ortheris by the collar. " Now, where are ye, me son ? Will ye take the wiurrud ra theLorrd out army mouth another tisme?" He shookhim to emphasiss the ruestion. - "No , somothin else, though," said Ortheris, making a dash ait -ll?uhaey'o pipe, capturing it and holding it at arnn's length ' I'll chuck Sit acrest the nullah if you don't let me go !" "You mmaraudin' hathen! 'Ti, the onlycuttry Iiver loved. Handle her tinder or I'll chuck thou acrest the nullab. If that poipe bruk Ah! Give her back to me, sorr '" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiiny as the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. "LYill you tell us about the ghost fight if I do?" I said. "Is ut the shtory that's troublin' you? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut my own way, as Popp Doggie said whin they found himn thria' to ram a cartridg down the muzzle. Orthlris, fall away!" He released the little Londoner, took his pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. Ifs has the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. " Did 1 iver tell you," he l egan, "that I was wanst the devil nv a man?" ' "You did,!' said Learoyd. with a' childish gravity that made Ortherisycll with laughter, for Mulvaney was always impressing upon us his merits in'the old days. "Did liver tell you," Ml'?lhaney continued calmly, "that I was waust more av a divil than I am now?" "Mer-ria! You dou't mean it?" said Or. theris. "Whin I was Corp'ril I was wejuced after. wards, but, na I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was a devil of a man." He was silent for nearly a minute. "Eyah! They was great times. I'iu ould now: my hides wore off in patches: sinthry-go has disconceited me, and I'm a married man tu. But I've had my day, I've had my day, and nothin' can take away the taste av that! Oh, my time past whin I put me fut through ivory livin' wan av the Tin Commandments between Revilly and Lights Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back av me hand an' slept on ut all as quiet as a little child! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill niver come back to me: not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the ould rig'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Mul. vaney ? I niver met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afther inthose da s, an' ivery man was my dearest frind or--?had stripped to him an' we knew who was the betther man av the ta. "Whin I was Corp'ril I wud not ha' changed wid the Colonel-no, nor yet the Commandher. in-Chief. I wud be a sargint. There was nothin' Iwud not be! MZother av Hivin, look at me ! Fwhat am I now? But no matther ! I miust get to the other ghosts-not the wans in my ould head. " We was quartered in a big cantonmint-'tis no manner av use namin' names, for ut might uive the barricks disrepitation-an' I was the Imperor av the earth to my own mind, an' wan or to women thought the same, small blame to thim. Afther we hadlain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sargint av E Comp'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady's maid to some big lady in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Bra. gin-died at Kirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah-seven-nine years gone, an' Bragin he married agin. But she was a pretty woman when Burgin introduced her to camtonmint society. She had eyes like the brown av a battherfly's wing whin the sun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sof' button av a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asia bristlin' wid bay'sits to get a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger-forgive me mentionin' that blunderin' baste in the same mouthful with AnnieBragin-but 'twas all shpun gold, an time was whin a lock av ut was more than di'monds to me. There was niver a pretty woman yet, an' I've had thruck wid a few, cud open the doorto Annie Bragin. "'Twas in the chapel I saw her first, me of rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. 'You're too goodfor Bragin, my love, thinks I to myself, 'but that's a mistake I can putstraight or myname is not Terence Mul vaney.' "Now,take my wurrd for ut, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd an' kape out ar Married Quarters-as 1 did not. No good iver comes of ut, an' there's always the chanlce av your bein' found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket in' the back av your head, an' your hands playin' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that Raffertykilled sLx years gone whin he wint to his death wld his hair oiled whistlin ' Larry O'Rourke' betunohis teeth. Rape out av the s.arried Quarters, I say, asl did not. 'Tis on. wholesim. 'ti dangerous an' 'tis iverthin that's bad, but-oh, me s wl, 'tis swate while it lastas! "I was always hangin' about there whin I was-off duty and Bragin wasn't, but niver a sweet word beyon' ordinar' did I get from Annisie Bragin. 'Ti, the povar.sity ar the sect set I tomyslif, an' gave ry ei another cock on my head an' straightened-my hack--an wint off as the' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Qartera laughin'. I was pershuaded-most boys are, I'm thinln"--that no women born av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger. I had reason for thinkin' tlit way-till I met Annie Bragin. "Time and agin whin I was blandandherin' in' the dusk. a man would go past me as quiet as a cat. 'That's quare,' thinks I.' 'for I am, or shud be, tha only man ini these parts. Now what devilment can Annie be up toe' Thin I called myself a blayguard for thinkin' such things; but I though't thim all the'same. An' tha"t, mark you, is the way av a man. "Wan evenin' I said: 'litrs Brgin, mania' no disrespect to you, who is that corp'ril man' -I had seen the stripes, though I cud niver get eight av his face-' who is that corp'ril m'n that comes in always whin I'm goin' "' Mother ar God !' sea she, turnin' as white as my belt; ' have you seen him, too ?' "'Seen him!' sec I; 'Anv course I have. Did ye want me not to see him for -we were etandin' talkin' in the dhlmrk, outside the verandah of Bragin's quarters--'~you'd better tell me to shut me eyes. Onless I'm mistaken, he's come now.' "An' sure enough, the corp'rii man was walkin'tous hanginrhis head down as though he was ashamed av himself. "'Good night, MLre. Brogin,' ee I, very cooL ''Tis not for me to iiterfere id youe amoors-but you might manage these things wid more dacency. I'm off to canteen,' I sex. "I tnroed on my heel on' wmnt away, Swesrin' ud give that man a dhressin' that wid sthop him messin' about the Married quartersfor a month an' a week. I had niot tal?k ten paces before Annie Bragin was hangin' onto sy arm, and I cud feel that she was shakin' all over. "'Don't ye go. MIister lulvaneisy !'no she. 'You're fiesh and blood at the least-are ye not ?' "'I'm all that,' sez I. aun'my angerwint away in a flush. 'Will I want to be asked twice; Annie?' "W'id that I slipped my arm around her waist, for, bedad, I fnntied she had sus rindered at discretion, an' the honours av war were mine. "'Wmhat uonsinse is this?' se she, dhrawin herailf up oi the tips av her lear little toes. 'Widthe ,aother'smilk not dhry onyourim pident motth ! Let go!' she sez. ' 'Did v, notsay just now that I was flesh and bloodi ?' see I: 'I have not changed since., I noe, an' I lop' my arm where ut was. " Your armas to yoursilf!' e se she an' her eyes sparkled. "' Sure 'tis only human nature,' sez I ; an' ZItep' my arm where ut was. " ?ature or no nature,' sex she,' ?otu take your arm wayeor I'll tell Brnagin, an hio'll alter the entur of your head. Fwhatd'youtakeme for ?' she sez. "'A woman,'sez I, 'the prettiest in bar ricle.' A" wife,' eez she, ' the straighest in can tonniints.' "Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tn paces and saluted, forI saw that she mintfwhat she e'aid." "Then you know something that some mon would give a good deal to be certain of. Heow Scould you tell " I demanded in the interests of "Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Ai she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But av the hand lies open on the lap, or av you see her thryin' to shut ut an' she can't, go on! She's not past reasonin' wid. Vell, us Iwassayin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin' away. "' Sthay wid me,' sez she. 'Look! He's comin' again.' "She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoeight ar impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comim' out av Bragin's quarters. "' lie's done that these lfive evenin's past,' sez Annie Bragin. ' O fwhat slullI do!' " ' He'll not do ut again,' sez I. for I was fightin' mad. ' Kape away from a man thathas been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. He rages like abrute beast. "I wint up to the man in the verandah, manin'. as sure as I sit, to knock the life out ar him. He slipped into the open. ' Twhat are you doin' philanderin' about here, ye scum av the gutter?' sez I, polite, to give him his warmn', forI wanted him ready. "lHe niver lifted his head, bat sec all mourn fuland melnmcolius, as if he thought I wud be soory for himr: ' I can't find her.' see lihe. " ' My troth,' seo I, 'you've lived too long you an' your seekin' an' fisdin's in a dacent married woman's quarters! Ifould up your head, ye frozen thliet av Genesis,' see I, ' an' you'll find all you want an' more!' " Blt he niver hild utp' and I let go from the shoulder, where thehanr is short over the eye brows. " 'That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearlr did mine instid. I put my body weight behinid the blow, but I hit notlsin' at all an' nearly put my shoulter out. The corp'ril man was not there, an' Annie Bragin, who had been watchiu'from the verandah, itrowsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's whiang by the dhrummer bhoy. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Bragin. is more than a p'rade grouu' full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman faint before, an' I stud like a stutck calf, askin' her whether she was dead, an' prayin' her. for the love av me, an' the love av liher husband. an' the love av the Virgin, to opin her blessed eyes again, an' callin' smiesilf names tendher the canopy av Hivin for plagnin' her wid my miserable amoors whin I ought to ha' stud betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his amess. "I misremember fawhat nonsinse I said, hut I was not so far gone that I cud not hear a fut on the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by thesame token Annie was comiu', too. I jumped to the far end av the verandah an' lookedas if butter wouldn't melt in me mouth. But Mrs. Quiin, the Quartermaster's wife that was, had tould Dragin about my hangin' 'roenud Annie. "' That's bad hearin'.' I sex. nn' I knew that the pickets were dhriven in. ' What for, Sar gint?' sez I. "' Come outside,' sez he, 'an' I'll show you why.' ' I'm willie',' sez I, ' but my stripes are none so ould thalt I cnin afford to lose thim. Tell me. now, who do I go out wid'" sez I. !'He was a quick man an' a just, an' saw fwhat I wud be afther. 'Wid 'ilrs. Bragin's husband.' see he. He might ha' kuown byr us askiu' that favour that I had done him no wron g. ''"I wtnt to the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him killin' himself againstmy fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog--justfroth. ing wid rage: but lie had no chaust wid me in reach or learnin' or anything else. "' eWillye hear reason?' sea I whin his first winid was raunin' out. "' Not whoile Iean see," sez he. Wid that I gave hiss both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick'crow. "'W ill ye hear reason now, ye brave man ?" sex I. "' Not wheoile I can speak,' sez he, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I whint round an' swung into the jaw side on an' shiftedut a half pace to the lef'. "' "Will ye hear reason now P seal ; 'I can't keep mytimper much longer, an' 'tia like I will hurt you.' "' ot whoile I can stand,' he mumbles out av one corner av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him-blind, dumb an' sick; an' jammed the jaw straight. "' You're an ould fool, Mister Bragin.' see I. "'You're a young thief,' sez he, 'an' you've bruk my heart, you an' Annie betune you.' "Thin he began cryin' like a child as he lay. I was sorry asIl had never been before. 'tis an awful thing to see a strong man cry, "' I'll swear on the cross I' soz I. "'I care fornone av your oaths,' see he. " ' Come back to your quarters,' sez I, ' an, if oun don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. "I hoisted him an' tuk him back to his quarters. ' Mrs Brain,' soz I, ' here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' "'"You've shamed me before my wife,' he whimpers. "'Have I so F' see I. ' By the look on hrs. Bragin's face I think i'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave you.' "An' I was ! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekase I wint into the corner shop an unstrappedlewnatic. but alithat I iver tuk from his rasp ar a tongue was gingerpop to fwlhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is theway av a woman. " Whin ut was done for want av breath, an. Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sea ' 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?' "As I finished speakiu' the corp'ril man came up to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. "'I can't find her. sez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the puff ava candle. "'Saints stand betune us an' evnl !' see Bra Fin crossin' himself. 'That's Falahy av the 'yrone Rligmint.' "' "Vho was he,' sez I.' for he has given me dale av fightin' this day.' "Bragin tould us that Flahy was is corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an' wint tmad, and walked afther they buried-him, huntin' for her. "`'Vell,' see I to Bragin, ' he's been hookin out ar Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin irvry evenin' for the lnstfortnight. You may tell MIrs. Quinn, wid may love, for I know that she's been talkin' to you, an' vou've been listenin', that she ought to onderstand the differ twist a man un' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, 'n' an'vou've got a wife too good for vou. Instid a which you lave her to be bodde~ed by ghosts an'-an' all manner av evilspiruts. 'll sniver go talkin' in the way av politeness to a man's wifeagin. Good night to you both,' se I. An' wid that I wint away, havin' fought wid woman, man an' divil in the heart av an hour. An that's fourteen years gone Eyahb! Cork's own city an' the blue sky above ut--an' tlhe times that wets-the times that was!" RlDTA?D KarrLao. 