LONDON TABLE TALK. fFrcm our Special Correspondent,! London. October 23. 1890. What with the Eoclea election, the G.O.MVs Midlothian campaign, and Sir. Motley's reply to Mr. Balfour ab New castle this has been a week of extra* ordinary political activity. Mr. Morley made a decided hit at Newcastle, catching the usually accurate Chief Secretary ont In two or three glaring errors. We are, however, all heartily tired of the ao-called Tlpperary riots and should be elad If they could be consigned to the limbo of forgotten follies. With the autumn session juet upon ob there Ib, alas, little hope of that, though, the absence of Messrs. O'Brien and Dillon may mitigate the stream of eloquence on the subject. The progress of the Grand Old Gallvan* ter from Liverpool to Edinburgh on Mon day was of the usual triumphal charac ter — crowds at the stopping stations, en thuelaBtlc cheers, and unavailing demands for the speech which Mr. Gladstone de* dared he must keep for ' my constituents.' The veteran statesman looked extremely well and seemed Intellectually as vigorous as when 11 years ago he commenced his firsb and most famous Midlothian cam palgn. By the way, the Pall Mall Gazette, has produced an apropos Gladstone extra, which colonists who desire to refresh their memories on the subject of that exciting period will do well to look out for. The price is only a few pence. Ab an oratorloal effort it Is generally conceded that Mr. Gladstone's great PpCCk.ll Ull lliU XLIOU (JUCBLIUU IBBb JXL'JUUtiy evening was very fine, but even the Daily News admits that the G.O.M. broke no new ground. He merely said In Scotland what Mr. Morley and Sir William Har* court have said many times in England, Moreover the astnee veteran was silent on a point which greatly exercises a large number of his followers. Whilst Mr. Parnell seemed likely to be the first Premier of Ireland the bulk of Gladatonlans were willing to grant the distressful country Home Rule aB an ex periment, and therefore voted with the Liberal leader. Now, however, the situa tion Is entirely changed. Mr. Parnell has practically retired Into private life. Since the rlelng of Parliament he has not appeared in public or taken any part In Irish affairs. The chancea are, as Mr. Gladstone knows, that he will never to any extent do so again. Now, the con dition of Ireland under the present regime may be bad. but can Mr. Glad stone or any other enthusiastic Separatist honeBtly say he believes a Home Rule Ministry with Healey, O'Brien, and Tim Harrington as leaders would Improve matters much ? This Is a question which is greatly exercising the National Liberal Club. Personal association with the leaders of the Irish party has done more to shake many Gladstonlana' belief In Home Rule than a cartload of Tory speeches. The late Professor Thorold Rogers wae j at once the terror and the delight of the ! members' amoklng room at the National i Liberal Club. He had a bitter caustic humor, a coarse unscrupulous tongue, and very little respect for anything either in the heavecs above or the earth beneath, i Some flaneur once remarked that there j were only forty good stories In the world ' and thirty* cine of them couldn't ba told before ladles. The venerable professor knew every one of those* thirty* nine narra tives, and the more likely they were to horrify his audience the more broadly he told them. To be just, the spice of wit la his caae was always Indubitable, and we none of us ever could help laugh ing. When conversation tamed on politics the professor laid down the i law to us. and woe betide the luckless wight who differed from him. For clnb etiquette he cared not a dump, In facb. I once heard him call a Conservative visitor a 'd ? d fool' after five minutes' conversation. Anybody else would have been forced to apologise on the spot and reported to the committee subse quently, but no one dreamt of even re* xnonfltratlDg with Thorold Rogers. Of the serious work of the old man's life we knew little. I imagine he pat It off like his overcoat when he entered the dub. The reception of General Booth's book by the press must have deeply gratified tha woe-worn old man. From the hypercritical Times downwards tbe papers express generous admiration for his great' scheme and earnest though doubtful hopes that it may be found workable. The book reads, says the Daily Neics, 'llkethedaydreataofapoet andi philanthropist revised by a practical mat). It Is not new In Ita parts, bus new as ai whole.' ' Waste land to waste labor la General Booth's- watehword,' observes the Telegraph. *' It all reads like More'a Utopia, but the general's firm faith In the possibility of bis scheme carries the reader away. It b better at & evetrti to dream a social panacea Shan fo acquiesce In things as they art.' The Fall Mall Gazette says :— 'Tito novelty of the scheme lies not In Ita component parts, but in the Ingenuity «*+!i which they are fitted together. Shelter?,- refuges. Sisters of Nszueth brigades, Industrial villages, colonial farms, emIgra~tlCa '- to these and all the other panaceas then. &Te; **&? objections bo long as any one of liv-m *? regarded by itself. The beauty of (Kn«r»l Booth's scheme fs that he relates e»s.'a fco ™*8 other and each to all. The ' city &*™tf leads up to the 'farm colony,' anfi ^^ * farm colony' to the ' colony over sea-. The other good works which General Booth. Bketches out muat similarly ba taken In connection with the great constructive work of threefold rescue, which is simultaneously to be going on. This completeness and solidarity of the scheme Is, as we eay, its great merit. But It Is Involved thereby ia the greater xifk, A chain is no stronger; than ita weakest link. If there is a weak place anywhere in General Booth's gigantic pile, then the whole of it will topple over. This Is why we place In tha forefront of our remarks the question, Will General Booth kick hia cabhorse Ia the belly? We ask this question In s spirit not of carping criticism but of candid enquiry. General Booth proposes to do for the 'submerged tenth' of oar slums what is done for the London pab horse. There are two points, he says, la the 'Cabhorse Charter' — namely, firafr, that when the horse falls down * every thing is done to help him op ;' and, secondly, * that every cabhorse In London has three things— a shelter for the night, food for its Btomaoh, and work allotted to it by which it can earn Its corn.' Bub under each of these two heads General .Booth omits a very important point. The horse has work allotted to It certainly, but tflat fs not all. it is forced, to do the work at the point of the whip* Similarly when a horse is down. *Tha load is taken off,' says General Booth*' ?the harness Is unbuckled.' We are sur prised that so acute an observer should have omitted what, alas ! may be seen every day In the streets of London In such a caee. The harness may be cut, but tha advice once tendered In sarcasm by Mr. Punch Is first carried out In practice— 1 One of you sits on his head and the other kicks him In the belly.' It Is a cruel method, and in nine caaea out of tea entirely unnecessary. Still, If a horse Is down which can get up and won't some application of force majeure becomes neoes sary. In other words, what sanction will General Booth's scheme have behind It 2' Mr. Bider Haggard Is going to winter In Mexico, and talks of laying the scene of his next romance in the region of tha Bllver mines. ' The World's Desire' will be published Ia one volume complete next week. I consider the main Idea of the story a stale conception Indifferently carried oat, and fibaH be greatly surprised if lb en hances either Mr. Lang or Mr, Haggard's: reputation. I am glad to notice that Mr. and M»« Ward's ' Come Forth' does not appeal to the English palate, and that our soundest critics recoil angrily from its nauseating mixture of gushing aentlmen tallsm and grotesque Irreverence, Clearly cue au rouea religious novel won 0 «O at thiB Bide of the ' herring-pond.' More ever I Blncerely hope neither' Mr. Rider? Haggard nor any other English writer: will be tempted by Yankee dollars Into embroidering on the Bible. Messrs, Blackwood have re-Iaaned at 3a. Gd. Beveral of the favorite novels which originally appeared In ' Maga,' and have till now been priced at 6s. Such are Mr. Lockhart's ' Fair to See' (a delightful story), and 'Doubles and Quits,' Laurence Oliphant's ' Altlora Peto,' and Beaant'a 'Revolt of Man.' Ward and Downey announce a volume of poems by Christie Murray, entitled: 'A Bunch of Wild Flowers,' 'A Colonial Tramp,' by Hume Nlabet^ 'Music Hall Land,' by Percy Fitzgerald, and « Miss Wentworth's Idea,' by W. E. Norrle. Boys, and men too, who bought the first volume of Cassell's 'World of Adventure' last year will not require to be urged to lay hands on the second', which is now complete, and an equally first-rate selection of excltugfnarratlres. Both as regards letterpress and Illustra tions Messrs. Cassells have produced nothing better than thiB series. Talking of completed series reminds me that the third series of the admirable 'Tales from Blackwood' can now ''-e obtained handsomely bound in six volumes for 15s. As a Christmas present for a mixed house' hold up country I can Imagine thesa '?TaleB1' would be highly acceptable. They are of course most carefully picked, and are one and all by authors of the highest standing. There are, I find, some very serious omissions in the new shilling ' Selections from Browning.' It seems incredible the compilers should have deliberately lefb out the oft quoted 'Oh 1 to be in England now that April's there' and 'Jamea Lee's Wife.' An advance review of Sir Walter Scott's journal appeara in the current Quarterly, and Bhows that this will ba one of ths moat Interesting books of the season. It was suppressed at the time of the novelist's death because of the too piquant references to many living persons. Mies Broughton's 'Alas!' Is, in my opinion, a vast Improvement on ' Belinda' and 'Dr. Cupid,' and notlm probably her chef d'teutre. The lady's style Ib bright and Incisive as ever, but has lost the hardnesB and excessive flip pancy which marred the cleverness of much of her earlier work, and become far more delicately sympathetic. Miss Broughton always relies on characterisa tion rather than plot to Interest the reader, and 'Alas !' Is no exception to thld rale. Lily-like Elizabeth Le Merchant has *' done something' (what, we only learn la the last pages) which banishes her from home, and necessitates her avoiding all society and travelling about the Continent alone -with hoc mother. Two men meet and fall la love with the girl. One of them, young ByDg, is a commonplace, kindly hearted, handsome lad of 20, the other a staid and satirical 'Vanity don of 30, who tells the story and jibes at himself and his weaknesses continually. Mr. Bnrgoyne — or Jim as he Is generally called —has been engaged for seven years to Amelia, the real heroine of 'Alasl' Amelia wears ont her waning youth mining a selfish, hypochondrlftoal sister, and carrying on her slight shoulders all the heavy cares of her poor sad feckless family. She loves Jinx p&Balonately;, but Is too clear sighted not to see that (try and oonceal It how he may) the man Is tired of her. Seldom has Miss Broughton drawn a truer scene than the one In which loving and patient Amelia with (as Jim can't help noticing) a draggled appearance and an unbe coming cold in the head, tries to give him back his liberty, and Jim (touched to the heart by her sad eyes) endeavors loyally to reassure her. For a time he succeeds, and Amelia experiences a sort of twilight happiness. Then the poor glrl?B cold gets worse, and before her ttartled relatives have oeased groaning over Amelia's inconsiderate conduct in lying in bed, the prop of the family Is dead. Byng's frantic love for Elizabeth is, likewise, well described, and so Is the standr. g blow which attends the dltoovery ibat ehe is not the angel he Imagined. 'Whether Miss Broughton does right in making him, as a matter of course, vgfve up all Idea of marrying the poor glxl, Jlin - Burg&yne; eventually resolves to ^aoe tha i ordeal and dare Mrs. Grondjr. and the. * cartels drops leaving the reader curious Wr /- : to the fotorei * * , ^ j lt ia Impossible to ran alt expensively-' o mounted comic opera after modern ; . methods unless it draws fair hoftees, and IUi ta jort wl»t *' O»pUin Theme' hasn't ' done w» ft*. Tlolefc (kmeton zepUoea Att»lle Cbdie In the tlUe z61e tMs weak. Should bnalneu sot Improve the piece win be taken off, and Lady Danlo and the ?? Yeniu' burlesque substituted. « Jhe Maahex of Ravenawood,' by V. C, Boxnand, wtth mule by little Solomon, follows 'Sweet Nano-' at the Royalty \- dioTtiy. HQu Waflia (Mra. Lancaster) is cer tainly onlacky. Her husband, in redemp tion of a pro- matrimonial pledge, built tbe fair actress a theatre— the Bhaftesbnty— which ahe has fcwic3 tried to manage, on each occasion with disastrous re* aulta. The critics damned Buchanan's ?? Sixth Commandment' with a cor dial tmanlmlty when produced ten days ago.' It to, In fact), a wretchedly weak dramatle version of Dostorefieky's ' Grime and Punishment,' which not even the superb acting of Herbert Waring as a tII lalnooB Russian prince could make toler able. Mrs. Lancaster, however, believes In '- The Sixth Commandment' and dis believes the critics, bo on Saturday even Ing last It was announced that ahe would ask the audience a question after the fall of the curtain. This was of course, ' Did the public like the play, and should she and her husband In despite of bad houses continue to try and run it?' Civility coats nothinp, and voices from the pit responded ' Yobs.' The stalls and circle however, remained ominously silent. Still, Mies Wallis— I mean Mrs. Lancaster — expressed herself satisfied. We shall see if this trick has any effect In bolstering np business. Great preparations are being made at the Princess's Theatre for Mrs. Langfcry'a grand spectacular revival of ' Antony and Cleopatra.' Mr. Ghas. Coghlan returns to England specially to play Antony, and the minor characters will all be In thoroughly- capable bands. The Jersey Lily's old ally, Lewis Wingfield, is, with Chas. Harris, responsible for the mount ing, dresses, and processions, and clasBlo correctness will be ensured by the super vision of Laurence Alma Tadema, R.A. The last Important revival of 'Antony and Cleopatra' was in September, 1873, at Drury-Iane, when Miss Wallts, then a lovely girl, played the great queen, and the aeenes representing the arrival of Cleopatra's barge, the meeting with An tony, and the sea fight were the talk of town, nevertheless the ran lasted barely four months — September to Boxing Night — and Chatberton lost money over it in stead of making a pile, as he had done oat ?f 'Formosa.^ A second look In at ' La CJgale' con firms my first impression that the opera Is the blithest, best put together, and most successfully staged piece of the sort since 'Dorothy.' Note especially when look ing through the ecore (now published at 6s.) Fracz's madrigal, 'Better for her and me,' Marlon's catchy river song, with its JIEh ! eh ! Eh ! eh !' chorus (thrice en cored nightly), the first act finale, *' Ah ! let's drink to La Gloria,' and M«ton's gavotte, 'Mother, dear, the cslolin I Hear.' By ibe easy victory o! M. Sphrussl's AHc&nte; (3 ?»,» 7 tt, 12 ib.) in the Cam bridgeshire on Wednesday the French, who have always been very lucky In this nee, more than recover their Ces&rewitch; losses and tube a big stake out of Eng land. The ring are not, however, so hard hit as tfeey would have been had ihe daaghtee of Hermit and Madeira scored In the longer handicap. Tostlg, Victorious, and Morion were all three backed for tans of money for Wednesday's raoe, and £rlshed well- nigh equal favorites with Alicante. In the Oeearewltch the filly waa a 3 to 1 chance at the last, whereas at the aiart for the Cambridgeshire 9 to 2, and In places 5 to 1, could without difficulty be obtained. Fred Barrett had an easy ride, as ToBtlg and Victorious, who made the running, -were done with at the distance, and coming ^Low»**Ha.hIll he had only the outsider Belmont to reckon with'. It was never ev3n necessary to shake up his mount, and Alicante won very comfort ably by a couple of lengths from Captain Macheli's three- year-old, with the atop nine Tostlsr a bad third, inst in front of Victorious, Belmonb's name never appeared in the betting till Tuesday even ing, when a few 1,000s to 5 were taken. Subsequently, however, it transpired that In the final two hours before the race a large commiesion had been quietly worked all over the country both to win and for a place, and that the stable actually landed £10,000 place money, and would have landed £80,000 had Belmont baen first instead of second. Sam Loates was promised £1,000 if he won on Tostlg, whom the Ablngton crowd had tried very highly. Unfortunately the brute failed to stay. Morion also disappointed his backers, and Martagon (Ryan's great tip) finished absolutely last. The field of 29 runners wbb the largest since 1882, when HacknesB (after the historic day's post ponement LnconBequeneeof awful weather) won for Bobert Peck. M. Blanc slatted Gouverneur for the Criterion Stakes in preference to the Daw hurst Plate, in which Reverend did duty for the stable. Neither this colb nor Siphonia, nor the non-staying Miml had, however, the ghost of a chance whh Lord Roeebery'a oddly-named Corstorphine, by IT oxhaU — Chopette, which, won in a canter by two lengths. ' „ On Thursday, In the Freel Handicap Sweepstakes for three-year-olds, across the flat, St. Serf (8 sb. 8 lb.) just beat Martagon (7 st 8 lb.). Blue Green (8 at 8 lb.), Surefoot (9 st. 5 lb.), and Sainfoin (9 st. 5 lb.), who finished In the order named. Betting— 2 to 1 St. Serf, 100 to 30 Bine Green, 5 to 1 Surefoot, 100 to 15 Sainfoin and Martagon. 