NINA THE NIHILIST. A ROMANCE OF THE RUSSIA OF TO-DAY. By JAMES S. BORLASE. Author of “ Both Princess and Police Spy, ” “ Through a Thousand Perils, ” “ Queen of the Harem, ” “ The Rose of Rochdale, ” &c.; CHAPTER XII. THE BLOOD-STAINED DRESS. Neither father nor daughter had any ronton to feel displeased with tlio accom modation ; for, had they been of the highest rank, tbey could not have been tnoresuraptuously lodged. If the painted class of the double windows prevented tbem from looking out. had they not every- thing to make them happy ana contented within F To be sure tuc vast rooms had a kind of masty pmell, as from long dis use, but doubtless that would soon pass away. J 'These chambers,' said the Aulic Coun- vellor, * and whatever rooms they may lead into, are entirely at your service, and you will find in them everything requisite foe the agreeable passing away or your leisure hours. Miss Douglas, you behold a piano and a harp, with music. On yonder buhl tabic is a paint box, pencils, chalk, and so on ; and the clo&cts; and wardrobe in your bedchamber I think you will find bung with dresses suited for every occasion. Mr Douglas, yonder door, the ebony one inlaid with mother- of-pearl I mean, leads to a small but select library, in which you will discover miost of your noted authors, so that you will not find the time hang heavily on your hands. ’ ‘ No, no, no, it is delightful ! Qaite de lightful ! ’ answered Mr Douglas, rubbing his hands. ‘ But where are we ? That's what I want to know ! ’ queried Jenny un- easily. ‘ You are honored guests at the palace of the Hussion High Admiral, and— and you are at the same time jregarded by him as such precious gems that you have been allotted, as I think you will allow, a not unwortbv setting. Indeed, perhaps, I had better liken it to a velvet casket in which you will for the time be securely locked away from the grasp of the thief and despoiier. Your safety requires it.' ' Is this a civil way of informing us tliat we are no better than prisoners P ' 1 Hush, Jenny ! How rude and ex tremely ungrateful you are, my dear.' This in apologetic tones from Mr Douglas. But his daughter retorted : ' I own that the cage is splendidly gilded, but the wild-bird would prefer its liberty iu the green woods for all that. Are We prisoners or not, sir P ' * You are prisoners in the light that you are shielded by these walls from the al most certain death that would bo meted out to people of your nationality were you to waudcr abroad in the public streets. But when the work that yonr father has been brought here to do is done, he will be rewarded beyond his utmost cxpccta tions, and you. will both have the option of being escorted in safety and honor back to your native land, or settling down in some quetier and less disturbed part of Holy Kussia.' ' Oh, be assured that we will settle down in Hussia. It is a great, it is a grand country ! ' exclaimed Mr Douglas fervently. * I shall never want to leave it.' 'And I shall never know a momsnt of real happiness until I see the shore of Old England,' said Jenny, full of the most gloomy presentiments. * You will sec it again very shortly if such is your wish, I have no doubt,' said Schstchekatichin with what was meant for a reassuring smile, but which looked far more like a malevolent leer. Then he added, abruptly : ' But now I must take my leave of you. I have performed mv mission, and I nope you hare no complaint to make of the manner in which I have treated you.' 'Complaint? My dear sir you have earned my eternal gratitude and friend ship.' ' And you, Miss Douglas, can you echo your father'6 sentiments P ' ' I have no complaint to make, sir, and one day my gratitude may grow to be as deep as his. If so it will be on the day when we again set foot on our native shore.' She held out her hand as she concluded, as though she was anxious to be rid of him, ana it was certainly a very Mephis tophelian smile that he bestowed on her as he pressed it. bowed low, and then walked oat of the room hat in hand. They heard no creaking of locks or put* tiDg up of chains when he had made his erit, and indeed hardly had the Aulie Counsellor vanished by one door, than a very much younger man entered iu at another. This individual wore an immense and flowing beard, and was clad in a barbarous kind of livery of which the component parts seemed to be green and scarlet cloth, gold lace and Arctic fur. His waist was girt by a broad crimson silk sash in which was thrust a huge knife. This man bowed but spoke not. He lighted a great oil lamp on the malachite table in the middle appartment of the suite ; and next he prooeeded to apply a match to the peitenka or wall stove, a vast structure of solid Btone, richly carved and lined with white shining porcelain. A fire of billets and faggots of per filmed wood was soon ablaze, giving a pleasant sense of comfort and warmth. The man retired, but in a few seconds returned bearing a tray. He now pro ceeded to lay a sumptuous supper which comprised a roasted capon, and a jugged hare, caviare on toast, a dish of delicate pink fishes, a wild boar's tongue, and plates of dried fig*; and prunes, fresh raspberries and crcam, and pastillas or little cakes made of mingled fruit and honey. These daiuties were llankcd by colored glasses, and long thin bottles con taining wine of no common vintage. Both Mr Douglas and Jenny spoke to their picturesque looking attendant, but i ho placed a finger on his lips and shook his head sorrowfully, in token cither - that he was dumb or tbat he was for bidden to hold any communication with - them. Mr Douglas at once came to the former conclusion, but the more suspicious Jenny adopted the latter. - Ere he departed, he pointed towards a lapis lazuli side table on which he had ' laid a couple of silver chamber candle. ' sticks, and then he bowed himselfout. 'Well, Jenny,' quoth Mr Douglas, ' when ho had gone, as he rubbed his i hands and chucklcd over the dainty ' repast and all their sumptuous surround inga, ' this beats a dry crust in a garret at ? Grimsby, with a nauseous decoction of 1 tea-siftings to wash it down with. Eh, zny girl P' « * It does, indeed, papa ; and now that f that dreadful Schstschekatichin is gone, - X will try not to anticipate misfortune before it arrives. Sufficient unto the day i is the evil thereof. - Hardly was the meal ended when some i sonorous yet silvery-toned church bells i Were heard clanging the midnight hour, t and as her father appoared to be drowsy, 1 she proposed that they should seek their i chambers. Mr Douglas yawned and nodded an * assent, and J enny lighted the two candles, - and after a final warm at the peitchka, t for though it was only the beginning of t September the evening was very chilly, they set forth on a tour of discovery. f They were not long in finding the rooms c that had been allotted to their respective c use, and bidding her father good -night on c the threshold Jenny repaired to her own i chamber, and was well pleased to fiod « that she could bolt and lock herself with- t in at. for sbe was »lill nervous, though she hardly knew of what. I It was a snug little room and warm, for J its peitebka or wall-stove was also alight, k And the red rays were flashing out through a the curvrd apertures in little bursts of, ruddy color. | On ihc top of the peitebka stood a bright brass samovar or iiussiau urn, and [ a cup nud saucer, a cut lemon end a sugar - basin were laid beside it. From this, J Jenny supposed the strange-looking'j utensil to contain tea, and on drawing'!' down Ihr ivory handle she was pleased to j discover that such was indeed the case, j She poured herself out a cup, wished that J there was milk to add to it, and nerer . guessed tbat a slice of the lemon was in tended to supply its place. - - While the refreshing beverage was getting cool, she reoonnoitred her sur roundings, and beheld a bedstead with yellow satin curtains and a coverlet of sealskin lined with thickly-quilted satin. From this her gaze wandered to the crimson carpet, and the furniture of brightly - polished, amber -hued Wood, covered with crimsotl boies and other : tenements, until catching her ow^ -enfec- ' tion ib the mirrored dOGr of the wardrobe she remembered what the Aulic Counsel lor had said were its cententa, and then I feminine ouriosity grew too strong to be I resisted, and she opened the door. | Each peg fand there were at least 20) I sustained a different costume, some of I which were for outdoor and some for ih j do r wear. There was otte pltlsh drew | that particularly took her fancy, for it was I of turquois-blue, and was covered with I real pearls wrought in the most fanciful : and yet elegant designs. Jenny had j never yet seen herself in eveumg dress, I and as this one seemed to be extremely decollete a'nd tbe room was geniallv warm, she thought that she would satisfy the sentiment, So 6he took off her plain though hand- j some travelling dresw, did up her glossy brown hair in most becoming fashion, and i then liberating her arms from her snowy ! underlinen, she thrust it down inside her | corset and donned the costly eveniug robe i that had taken her fancy. | She was almost as delighted with her self as with it when she looked into the glass, for she was much plumper than she had imagined, and her flesh was as white as snow. ' Suddenly, however, her cheeks turned almost as colorless as her beautiful shoulders, as she observed a dark crimson patch on the left sidejpf the body of the dress, and disoovered^that there was a narrow slit in the rich material. She had to press both hands against the ill-omened stain the next minute in order to still the wild beating of her heart ; but as she did so she involuntarily looked at herself in the glass again, and her terror increased as she beheld the re flection of another figure, even though it was only that of a most lovely and diminutive woman, clad in black, and with her rounded arms and a great por- 1 tion of her very full bust bare, or, at most, only decked with a few jet orna ments. Jenny would not have been so much terrified at this beautiful vision but for the malignant expression of its counten ance, and her clear recollcction of having locked and bolted her door on ihe inside 1 directly sbe had entered the chamber. It at once struck her tbat it was the ghost or spirit of some helpless creature i who had been murdered in the very dress 1 which she now had on, and overcome by I ihese emotions, she dropped to the floor in a swoon. Directly she had done so, the intruder came forward, turned her over on her back, gazed at her face, and being assured of its beauty, muttered to herself. ' I am not the Prince's only ptotdgiSe, it seems. I must be careful how I play my cards.' \- She gave the prostrate girl a few vicious kicks wherever she looted whitest and plumpest, and without observing the dried crimson stain on the dress, glided Across the floor, entered a dress closet and quitted it by means of a sliding panel at die back.* CHAPTEfi XIII. A TKBBIBLE WaKIJn'G. When Jenny Douglas recovered from her 6woon she had a dim indistinct re membrance of what had taken plaoe. She was indeed almost inclined to think that she fainted from over exhaustion, and dreamed all that had occurred. She put off the blue plush, pearl embroidered dress, forgetting all about the purple satin and the ominous slit that was so suggestive of a knife or dagger-stab, and creeping into bed sank at once into a deep sleep. When she awoke the light of day streamed in through the double glass of the painted window ; but notwithstanding this she would have dropped into slumber again (for she had had very little sleep for the past week) had not her attention been suddenly attracted by the sight of the azure plush ball dress. It lay tossed across the brass foot-rail of the bed so that it needed only a slight effort to poseeBB here«lf o£ it. As she turned it over her eyes dilated with horror for the dark purple satin and the narrow fissure in the rich material told her only too plainly that it was no mere, dream that she had experienced; and then passing her hand across her eyes she also remembered the mysterious and beautiful intruder, clad in black, with the face of an angel and the expression of a ^emon. Oh, no, it was all, all real 1 A stiffness and a dull, aching pain caused her to look at herself, and sne was surprised to discover great livid bruises on her shoulder, her arms, and her neck. She could not have got all or even a quarter of these by her fall ! that her common sense told her was impossible, and a minute's reflection convinced her that she must have been brutally assaulted while she was in a state of unconsciousness, and most probably by the beauteous being whose retlcctiou she had seen in the mirror, and whom she had taken for a spirit. Jenny was courageous enough now, in the clear cheering light of day, and she sprang out of bed with the inten tion of oxamining the fastenings of her door and window. When she had done so the mystery deepened, for her window was secured with three large bronze catches, and the door by bolt and chain and lock. Trap door in the floor, she soon convinced herself there was none, by lifting up one after the other the few handsome bear-skins that were scattered over the perfumed cedar-wood. The highly unsatisfactory examination over, Jenny seated herself on a couch at the foot of the bed to think, and whilst in the act of reflecting her gaze wandered around the room to finally rest on a picture that was turned face to the wall. Curious to see what it represented, Jenny placed herself underneath it. and standing on tip-toe, with some difficulty [urncd it round. When she had completed her task, she aearly fell off the chair with the shock ?f discovering the portrait of a stern, imddle-agcd and particularly handsome poman confronting her, who was clad in the identical light blue pearl embroidered oalldrcss she had tried on the previous night. Sbe partially recovered herself when ?he discovered that the painted face was iot one whit like the one whose reflection »he caught peering over her shoulder into :he looking-glass. The portrait was that of a tall and ? stately woman, at least thirty-six years -f age ; that much could be seen though -nly the bust was shown, and a magnifi cent bust it was. though befitting a Juno ?ather than a Venus — a bust that could j ilmost be seen to heave, such skill had I .he artist bestowed upon his labor. 'Poor lady J you were foully murdered, 1 ' would stake my life upon it, murmurod ' renuy Douglas, 4 and that not before you 1 tad seen trouble and learned how to hate £ well as to defy the world. I would * not ltica my face handed down to posterity with that expression on itc It lgvsuoh as a gallant, soldier might bebomingly wear when about to lead a forlorn hope to death or glory t bat for a woaWft '^s - terrible ! * and jenny shuddered as she continued to regard the portrait 1 And how lately she must have ? perished, Vshe continued after a while. 4 That ~wjty of dressing the jiair only came in)q vogue a^ouple io? years 'ago, and so . did the fashion of wearing a nail dress with narrow bands across the shoulders ? instead of sleeves. Perhaps she was assassinated fin this very . room ere she hadTjegun to'unrfcbe to retire to rest? If so, her murderer may have entered the chamber by the same secret and uudis cover*ble ;way;as ;did my .mysterious visitant with the child-angcl face and the - Malignant look of a demon ; baby f eat^,;. , j j tfotiid not sleep in : this r6om another night for worlds !' ,£tatoned.the face of the. picture^ the^rall^kinTior the flark,1^ stern ?eyei seemed to follow her wherever she went with a half defiant and half mournfol ex pression,. _ - . . She felt ni6re composed 'W^iBn she had rid herself of its Company, a&d; tdrnedthe bill© dress inside _oul and htlng it lip underneath others in the Wardrobe. ?Kot one of thow pthe^s -Tvould she don, ' she felt ? -convinced that they ail belonged to th'e s&aie; dnhappy lady, and considering that she had a good and suffi cient excuse in the fact that they did not nt^horj-sbe bo^ad liUrKedlyto array 'her- self ini$J& 0«p:prpper apparel, .for she had long ago performed her ablutions and arranged her hair. She was putting the finishing touches to her toilet when an impatient rap came to her door, and an equally . impatient voice exclaimed outside : ' My dear, the breakfast isgettingcold. Whv are you so late f * 4 1 had do idea what time it was, papa, hut I will be with you in a second/ an swered Jenny, overjoyed to hear her father's voice, inasmuch as it recalled her to a train of everyday thought, and to a great extent banished more gloomy and terrible ideas from her mind. A minute later she had overtaken him in the passage, thrown her arms around his neck and given him the accustomed morning kiss. Then they wended their way towards their suite of reception rooms arm in arm, Jenny talking as gaily as she could. The peitchka was not alight now, for it was not sufficiently advanced in the season for a stove fire in the day time, bnt the room looked just as cheerful with the morning sun streaming in throu h the painted glass of the windows, throwing rich rainbow hues over every thing. The samavor was on the table hum ming like a bumble bee, with a china service around it that looked as though it had been made of beaten gold. There was a plate of sliced lemon and a dish of little meat puddings boiled and served in milk, delicate looking cakes, and still more delicate bread, in the shape of true lovers' knots. In addition to these viands there was a cold rein deer's tongue, and of course the invar iable caviare (dried and smoked sturgeon rocs) spread on toast, with a flask of choice rum, which Russians of the male sex take in their tea. Jenny, who did not yet -understand the manipulation of a samavor, and who thought that the machine was humming too loudly, and the ruddy light of the internal fire beaming too brightly through the little air holes that gleamed in quaint and fanciful devices all around it, took hold of the locomotive-shaped chimney that lay in the way and clapped it on the top, imagining that it would subdue these symptoms. But it had a directly contrary effect. It at once got up such a roaring drought that the internal fires changed from a dull red to almost a whitt» heat. Glow ing ashes came hopping out on the break fast cloth like agile harlequins leaping through stage Dutch clocks, showers of crackling sparks flew ceilingward, and gushing ^ets of steam shot out horizon tally until the samavor looked like the planet Saturn begirt by its nebulous ring. Jenny pushed her chair back in affright, whilst her father overbalanced his and rolled on to the floor, and it is hard to teld how the affair ended had not the brigand-like servitor sprang to the rescue, removed the chimney and olapped on a damper in its plaoe. This contretemps had one happy effect, however, for Mr Douglas set down Jenny's pallor and nervous oondition to the incident instead of its true oause ; and J enny herself was delighted with this, for he was himself so happy and con tented, so different in all respects from I what she had ever known him, that die was loth to disturb his equanimity with auythiag of a painful or unpleasant i nature. I She had resolved that she would make ; her complaints elsewhere, and cot her bedroom changed without, if posnble her parent ever guessing the reason. On clearing away the breakfast equip age, the dumb waiter expressed by signs to Mr Douglas that he might expect a visitor of importance shortly. He managed this by a good many pan tomimic actions, and by then retreating to the door, half qpening it, rapping on the outside, and then stalking into the chamber again in a very pompous and erect manner, with a serviette on the top of his head to represent a hat. He lastly winked a great number or times and then returned to his legitimate labors. ' The High Admiral will be here pre sently, Jenny,' explained the inventor to his daughter; 1 so remember that you are very humble and respectful in his high ness, and that you do not interrupt our t'onrcrsalion with &uy; remsrkw of a light or fiivo'ous nature.' And Jenny replied respectfully that she would not, but with the resolve that if the admiral was also owner of the palace she would ere he left request a fow words with him apart. CHAPTJEE XIV. A T'EABFOX mysteet. When about an hour later a knock did come to the door, and Prince Orioffi, at tired in full uniform and with several orders gleaming on his breast, entered the room, he looked so noble, so be nignant, and 60 amiable, that the hearts of both father and daughter went out 'to meet him, as it were. Deprecating any slavish obeieance, which the inventor was only too willing to make, he held out a hand to each, ex claiming* as he did so : ' The nobility of ihe creative brain is, in my opinion, far superior to that which is mine by the mere accident of birth. It is I, therefore, who should rightly bow before you, Mr Douglas, and not yoa be foro me. We will, however, if you like, compromise matters, and meet, at all events in private, on equal terms. And now, before we proceed to business, I will ask you if you have either of you any complaint to make of your treatment here, or if anything can be done to p'Vf you more comfortable ?' * Nothing, your Highness, T asrore you, nothing, answered Mr Douglas. 4 We are in the very lap of luxury— -in a perfect Aladdin's palace, it seems to me.' 4 And you, Miss Douglas P' inquired the Prince, turning with a smile to Jenny, ' I hope that you can cordially en dorse your lather's assertions. I know not where you are especially quartered, for there are paiuful memories connected with this portion of my palace that have prevented my visiting it of late yearsj but I gave instructions that the entire n-ing should bo at your joint service, and 'bat (he most commodious and cheerful bedroom should be prepared especially Eor your own use.' 'And yet, your Highness, for reasons hat I shall only be too willing to explain ; presently, if yoii reijhirelhem of me, I would HJike1 to exduuige that room for another.' ' J enny, I am surprised. I am really ashamed of yott,' began Mr Douglas. But^he -frinee -4ield -4ip -bis Juuid,and - the inventor was silent in an .instant. . * 8pe«k out- and don't tfe afraid/ -said 'the Prinoerttlralnjr to-Jenny. '-Indeed,' ho fvdded, -with/i witiddBr,'-.XliBTe mora cause to feel'temir tiuw you, who arc so young and innocent. I fear that they have .plaoed yoa in a chamber that J though thi4 long fcgo beta willed up. Wluft aiasrop Bee to jp&WirOT; uneasiness rV , t - - ; ( f - s | - ? ; , ^ Many iJunfli/j eaid , Jenny, and her father no longer -felt Atiy ideJlftjito Id- tetruptier. Ih the first plaofe, there is a^seettttentnhoe into that )XK-m7^^ , firmly {as&ned; the 'inside^ ^A.sril Vje^^apkiug into; the 'Didit (ook iQte the'JktB dead gtEpelihiP rfn£ ?i mWtti. -at fa* oft i dlminuti^tliough ($eautiM fyrm, and It Was .like that of^MiUldang^ aa^e'ftrHts 1 Then -it Was'not.what' Iceare4,'and m Unhappy wife «ypt^fre/; fex i budmed thePrinbe;do aocents'jjf teligf* * ' * |^?WoM6q ' itoain, and he added in- sntlsing tones, as thdughiie ^d forgotten that lOjhpa were ' Leonie Beroy, abd wandering about my pklaoe tin .the (lead' ^-£-the^pight I Aware df some secret door, too; of whioh I was not oogmsant, though fcmorerfhan guessed noE its ' eziatenoe-li Whit- can -4 what does it all mean P' She cannot after all be the innocent, ohild-like being that I deemed her. And if r ihe -not, 'afad Tschekin is tight concerning her, ''how will she escape her awful fatef - ' Oh, ^our Highness, |I trust Ihat my disclosures will involve no one in danger or difficulty, least ot «1I that most beautiful creature vrho scowled at me soT . -f 'Tour confession shall not injure herj' answered the Prince. 'It may.- ev^n point out to me a way of setting tec. Did she speak to you, or if not what happened nett P I am most Icu&ous; ^to know.* , , ' ' ' I took it to be a spirit and t feinted, t remember nothing more until this morning j when I got up I examined my door and .'window to find them^ securely fastened on the inside. Very jplearly neither had been tampered with.1* '' ' Oh, it was a dream, JennytJ«nd I'm surprised at your taking up his Highness' time.' £ ? ' It was no dream,' interrupted the Prinoe, looking round, reprovingly, on Mr Douglas. 'Tour daughter t£s exactly described an inmate of my pcdace whom she can never before have' seen. She was assuredly intruded upon, though for what object I know not. 'STou don't think your visitor made any attempt to restore you to consciousness. ' On the contrary, I am convined that she must either have kicked or struck me many times, while I lay in a swoon on the floor, for 1 found my neck and shoulders covered with livid marks this morning.' . ' Bruises are often contracted by falling or rolling against things on board ship when the vessel pitches. Had you ? a stormy passage, may I ask,' ' A wonderful smooth one, your High ness. Besides, I am certain that I- had not a single bruise last nigbt, when I was tempted to try on one of the beautiful dresses that your Highness* kinHnftpa Unfl placed at my disposal.' ' Dresses P I gave no instructions con cerning dresses. I issued general orders that everything in this wing of the palace was to be placed at your disposal, but I did not thinlc of personal apparel, nor h ail I need to do so when I felt convinced that that dread room had ' been ' bricked up with all that it contained^. ^jQfluldth^s have happened, I wonder, by accident of design f Tiou have said that many tilings caused yoa terror, bat yoa have spoken of only one.* 4 The verv dress that my vanity, my foolish, wicited vanity caused me to try on, caused me terror,' continued Jenny, with blanched and trembling lips, ' On, your Highness, there wasljlood on it, and a knife or dagger stab through it and-r and— I have seen' the likeneiss of tier who was surely murdered in it. There, it is alloutnowT ' Oh, Jenny, what have you dared to say,' groaned Mr Douglas aloud. 'Nothing that will offend me in the least, though her words tear open a wound that was hardly healed,' answered Prinoe Orldff, gravely and sadly, ? ' Your daughter has found that' there %re skele tons in Bussian cupboards as Bellas in those of other countries. The unhappy lady1 whose portrait she has seen, and whose olothes she has put on through the stupidity or malignity of my most trusted 'and confidential employee, was my wife * but she was not murdered.' ' ' Not murdered, perhaps, but yet killed. Yes most assuredly killed. It could not have been otherwise, your Highness, for the slit made by the deadly weapon was right over the region of the heart I felt mine beat against it.* It was intended that I should believe that she met her fste thus, but I have had the dried blood on the dress chemica'ly tested, aye, and microscopically examined as well, and science in both its branches proves the blood to have been that of a nuilook, not a human being/ ' Oh, your Highness, for what atrocious object could such an imposition have been practised?' ' Listen, and I wiil tell you. You have learnt so much that you may as well know all. You will pardon my speaking in a low key, for the walls of a Prince's palace are as well providod with ears as any other. Some two years ago, then, I was sent on a diplomatic mission in Ger many, and took my daughter with me in compliance with the advise of an eminent ! court physician for her health. During our absence, robbers broke into the palace iu the dead of night and murdered the I Princess, my wife, because sbe resisted I their appropriation of her diamonds, which I were worth the price of a small German I principality. But ordinary robbers do not carry off the heads of those whom they slay in self-defence, and government is not generally in such a hurry to bury the victim of such a crime, so that I had my suspicions from the first.' 'Good God, your Highness! and in what direction did those suspicions point P ' This from Mr Douglas, whose very lips had turned white with horror. Jenny, in foot, was. now tbe least affected, to all outward seeming, of the two. * They soon amounted to convictions,' said the Prince, making a deprecatory sign of the inventor expressing his feelings so audibly, 1 Her Highness, my beloved wife, was a woman of great influence in certain circ'es, and she was very plain spoken. In vulgar parlance, she called a spade a spade, and did not hide from the world that «he held strong Socialistic views. In short, I and my daughter were sent out of the empire in one direction in order that she might be seized upon in the dead of night and dispatched m an other. A less narrow prison than the grave holds her, though pernaps an equally dark and loathsome one, in the shape of a lead mine in distant Siberia.' ; ' Your Highness, can this be possible in the reign of the good Alexander, and in a oountry that now possesses law courts and trial by jury?' asked Mr Douglas, astounded at what he had heard. ' My dear sir, when first you give a coat to a savage, ten to one but. he tries to thruBt his legs instead of his arms into the sleeves. We know as yet just as little about the true use of judgeand jury. Wo use them a6 plaything, and to throw dust in the eyes of Western Europe ; tbat is all. The secret | olice are in truth almost as omnipotent as ever, and the Emperor neither can nor dare dispense with their s^icSi fo^^thWt them Nihi ism would long ago have been triumphant. Pa*don me ior not being able to enter upon the bunnes for which I sought you ; my mind is tbb*much disturbed. I promise you, AfigH tlauglaSf thit your chamber will be changed fortfrwi£h; wid bere .'MrDougl as , is?a kbyito'-open yonder door^ you ,will find it admits you lo an jBx'cellont^work shop, in which you will~*3iscover every tbingytratiay require.' kithecaffls hour to-morrow I will see you again, and then you snkll till mV all about yoar woh'derful boa£. . ^ ^ outpf theroom. ? !. -T v ? (roiejoontinuedj ; . 