THE MERCURY. [HOBART: SATURDAY. MAYS4, 1890. I ' -'-. EPITOME OF MEWS. > Bellerive races take place this afternoon. ¡ Ghost exhibition on Tuesday. Kalypso is a wonderful thing. > i ' i ' Chinese storekeeper supposed to have fallen overboard from tho t.t. Dorcet. ' 1 Results of Congregational Union examina- tion in Scripture published. The Tea Tree Road Trust election takes place to-day. Engineer arrived in Launceston to report on practicability of electrical lighting of the «fey _ioyal Pride of Devonshire Lodge night of meeting altered from Monday, 26th, to Wed nesday, 28th. Bev. Chas. Clark concluded Launceston lecture season last night The whole very successful. , Jackson fights Sullivan. ' Australian Federation Blue Book issued. ', j Bank rate of discount in London un- changed. ' ' Annual meeting of Federation League pre- sided over by Lora Roseberry, i Sir Henry Parkes very restless, but pro- gressing as favourably as possible. Fund being received for relief of Dacca immigrants. 1 Committee of investigation appointed by New Zealand Antimony Co. i Humoured founding of a new Republic in Lower California. New Plymouth Harbour Loan stock fall- ing. . Mercantile Marina Officers' Association obtained affiliation with the Trades' Hall, Compensation, Mr. Gladstone says, will add £50,000,000 to the valuo of public houses. Behring Straits difficulty increasing. Sealers being armed to defy American cruisers I British Broken Hill mine will require capital to the extent of £75,000 to put the mine in thorough working order i Both political parties confident ef victory over want of confidence motion in Victorian Parliament Marion, owned by Lord Hartington, won the Payno Stakes, Blue Green, 2; Bot Demonio, 3 Cricket match, Australia v, Surrey. Surrey, first innings, 200; Australia, four ¡wickets for 106 Burn figured in the Australia Surrey ,match-he ran for Barrett who sprained his | foot , ' Grace is of opinion there are several Eng illsfa teams who can beat tho;present Austra- lian Eleven. J iThe lieutenant who figured in the Egeria mutiny so ungracefully, has resigned his posltipn in that vessel nad joins the Rambler Postal Conference has decided that;the ¡colonies represented should join the Postal Union /for securing a 2Jd rate the, world over ' ' *? ? ' J ^ g /¡TI ~ m n . i )/ r So far as the discussion on the appoint n\¿rít; of delegates'to'the 'Federal Con- vention, has proceeded in the Assembly! of New South Wales, it can hardly be i regarded as satisfactory. To our mind, lit seems to show that the leaving of ¡this business solely to politicians is a grave" mistake, as we feared it would ! be, i and, ¡more clearly shown before all is over ¡Federation is essentially a subject that should be dealt with without orrière Ipenséeír It is one which demands the unbiassed,attention ¡of earnest men, 'who have DO-motive to serve save the promotion of the general welfare, and I who have no'dirty party objpetto gain7 In the Sydney Assembly,so far from the discu83Íoa rising to this level, whicli should not'be one difficult to reach with such a cause, it has turned very j much upo* pomonal aims- and motives, ' while ¿hvotign all shines the lurid light , of party animosities and deeireB It i must bt> admitted, of course, that a mistake was made at theL outset byi the exclusion of Mr. DIBBS, the leader of the Opposition, on the ground that he was not in favour of Federation at all, a statement which does not seat» to be sustained by his own speech.. But, whether he was in favour of the object of th» Convention or not, nothing could be clearer, as we said when the an- nouncement of his exclusion was: made, than that if the/ work is to be handed over to the 'politicians, then all the leading ones must be included, no matter to which party they may belong That Sir HENRY PARKES was unable to sea this fact, or seeing it did not choose {ta act upon it, shows how far he is from being the gret»t 'and important statesman of the English' papers, whose ignorance ot colonial politics is amusing, whilst it is provoking For, Sir HENRY and his ¡colleagues, wlio, we suppose, were (consulted, should have been able to1'westhall, if" thy Leader ^of, thej Opposition'1 was" excluded,1, n'oVmatW for s what reason; iheuwouldn be nure to make'difficulties: and ¡ mar itba Imolibj ,OVI UiUxQ ÜJOiíAYU A " nwnjimiifir a'Jjav/ siill ni ahiiia JO. .li« IA 4 harmony which ought to exist in deal- ing with so grave a subject. And, .this is what has happened. Mr. DIBBS, as might have been foreseen, has de- clared that he is not opposed to Federation, as such, but at most has an idea that the fiscal pro- blem should be solved before the federal one is attacked. In other words, Mr. DIBBS being the leader of thoTrotectionist^party, chooses to put forward his party cause as the one of the more immediate importance, as is but natural for a politician to do., His exclusion from the; list of,delegates is, of course, put down to a desire' to dis- credit and disable the, Protectionist party, thus giving good reason for that party to set .itself in opposition to tlie < federal movement in its, present form. Here we, once again, have evidence of the mistake in mixing this question up with politics, and delegat- ing it to the politicians as such. Where personal feelings are so much involved as they are in New South I Wales, it was not probable that they , would be kept dormant, even if the hand of friendship1 had1 been held out from the other side, but when that side seta out with an open declaration of war, who can be surprised'to FOO strife follow ? Unhappily, the magnitude of a ques- tion rarely affects the personal desires and aims of political parties, as we may leam from a thousand examples in history, and it was for this reason that we have always insisted that this business of Federation should have been left to a distinct body to be chosen for the purpose. The fact is, that these' colonies are trying to work on British lines/ which ara not/ fully applicable to their position. In Great Britain no reform of the Constitution, or rather of constitutional practice, can come except through the House of Commons itself, a result of the pecular position which that House has oec'upied of late years. But, already we see that some of ,the deepest thinkers are beginning to say that it may be necessary to appeal to some power outside that House, not "only to force on reforms,' tut to restrain its action. ' j This curious development of opinion, which is sure to grow as the result of the new character, of the House itself, should serve to warn these colonies against following, servilely British pre- cedents. For, those precedents are drawn from a , state of affairs which never did and never can exist in ihese colonies, and which mcy be said to have now ceased to exist in England itself, 'We1 are guiding 'ourselves by traditions/notby facts. We are making, io the words ofiWmmBR, our creeds our gaolers. Following out this foolish condition of mind, we have handed the work of Federation, surely £lie'greatest ever yet undertaken in these colonies, to à lot of men who are fighting,for their'political lives. Tbe vendetta between the PARICES and DIBBS factions is being fought out over this very question ; just as we have seen a vendetta begun in this colony, which may yet add its share of disgrace and folly to the federation discussion. To our minds nothing is more, surprising than that the people so quietly submit to all this. They, too, we are afraid, are led away by the talk about responsible Government, which here, in these colonies, means quite another thing than it used to mean when the term was first employed. Federation' is, in fact, not work, for the ordinary politicians, as such. Take them out of their political position and many, HO doubt, would be quite suitable as delegates, but as politi- cians, they are usually moved by so roany personal motives as that they are apt to sink the great question in the smaller, but more personal and pressing ones., ' For this reason, the discussion in New South Wales has been far below the standard which we might reasonably have set up. In the course of the discussion, too, there were several revelations of what is called the spirit of nationality. It is evident that in New South Wales, at all events, this national feeling is taking root amongst the native popula- tion, which is cherishing ideas of a republic of its own, and with a tariff directed against all the world besides. How far this feeling may affect the federal movement we have yet to leam, ¡but nothing can be plainer than that it, should, not be, obtruded in the dis- cussion, i iThe first, the supreme, thing is Federation pure and simple. The necessity for' unity is urgent,(at 'leas,t' in'the minds of those who are'able to 'seo .what is going on in the world, and lall questions,.¡all,; desires, all aims ¡and, above all, fads of every ¡sort' should ' bo rigorously^ set aside until 'the one great work shall have been accomplished. 'Die air, indeed, is full of theories and schemes. iThe democracy'is'dreaming dreams., lit lias a thousand projects for what is 'called the betterment of humanity, the equalisation,of labour and capital re-' wards, the nationalisation of land, the founding'df a 'new nation exempt ,from all the, evils, of. the old ones .Once again it is believed that the ¡nations are'''labouringto 'a second1 hirth, and the" ' ' ~ I World's great aga begins anew, The golden yeas« return. ! Let" those' whoj/can so believe, ,wo7k ¡in the fullness . of their , faith and hope, but let ua do the one work oo i which we ¿re' ' ' agreed, ' the/ ^órk of Federation. 7 -That, is.. the .condition i precedent of all else. ' That is the one thiag which fo* the time being should swallow up all the rest, and b» dealt with by men who can'keep-tb* great Sdea~'clearly in view, and work it out apart from, and1 iir spite of" all the aims, desires and passions, wkieh may be urged on them^andijwhietV a»ay rage around them. ; , THKRK ase many signa thai,Ute jolly times in Victoria are dkawing. ie> a> close. The revelation mads- reoessuy relative to the imaginary 'surplus» about which! 'so many fine things, were said» has been a severe blew and soso- discourageuMrat, especially, because it lias boen takenup in London, and been moralised over ia a way which Is both j unpleasant and damaging to the colony. A j wiltei,ln a London paper, who calla hjuiaelft " a colo*ust,"_«nd whose words are quoted' freely wxtb>níuoh/approval, guisa up the1 probable results of the policy piusucd as follows.-r" Palsy of steady labour and pro iduotivc industry/ the growth of unhealthy speculation and the slow dobauohery of tho national charactoi, aro tho most notiocoblo reaultsrj pf 4 State Socialism jqndop°Uti cal financing In -this highly demooroiii oommunityi"' ^Política}1 flnanoíng'* U « (jbrjtA i hoi.ii / oiipo mo .áojiie ov/oH ,Y.JÜÍ){Í> «iwiJ» iisnjjolid/jy W3« , , has, been going on, not in Victoria alone, but in other colonies besides. Indeed, one might ask what is tho character of the financing in this colony but political.and political in the worst and most dangerous sense,? For a timo the financial posi- tion was painted in darkest colours, and the statement, was _IHIM1O_tliut the colony could only bo saved by tho most cxtiemc measures- such measures, as woro the surprise and Viondor of all who heal ii them Now Unit theso measures have been laughed out of court, the country is told that all is well, though ' there is on increoso in the dcficloncy, and there appears to bo \ eiy small prospect of the sum required to make ends meet being obtained. All this scoins to us to point, hore as well as elsowherc, to the necessity of getting rid of political 3[lancing, to which there is a soro tempts on uudcr the exiting system. In Victoria the whole financial position v. ¡11 be dis ciiBsod in tho want of confidence motion that has been moved, but, whatever the result may be, there is not the slightest guaranty that a new Ministry will > not pursue the samo course as the old one, indeed be compelled to follow that course if it withes to live. It is stated 'that the' four million loan recently raised is already spent, and on all hands there are signs that a change must be made. The other day a Minister, speaking at Mildura, siiil that tho railway system was outgrowing the power of the Government to manage It, and that future railways mus4- be mado by privat« persons. All these are signs of tho breaking down of State Socialism, which has always broken down hitherto. THE distribution of employment in theso colonies Is discussed In the recent work of the Government Statistician of New South Wales, the conclusions being based, appa- rently, on the hut census. .In,the first place, the fait Is brought out that women, children, and domestic servants} ^ form 04 to 57 , per cent, of the whole population of the colonies.* These may be set down as mainly non productive. In former days the women were largely pro- < ductivc, at they span and wove, and did many things which they do not know how to do at the prêtent time, at many farmers have discovered to their Lost. The largest number of this practically non-product>ve alasa is found In New Zealand, where it forms 01 00 per cent of the total population. We do not forget, of course, that many girls and some wonen work in factories, but, roughly sneaking, we may say that about 40 per cent, of the pepu'ation doet all the work, and bean the whole burden of taxa- tion. In Victoria this clsss is said to form 58*48 per cent, of the population, in New South Wales 50-85, and in Tasmania 69 00. Besides these the unproductive class is increased by all the persons* in gaols,, who are worse than unproductive, those supported by charity, and the tick and insane It will'be seen, when all proper allowances ore made, that the real work falls ona \rry few persons comparatively. It appears that the agriculturists form II-48 per cont. of the total population, those engaged in pastoral pursuits 2 51, in mining 3-10, and in mercantile pursuits 2 25 per cent. The total value of production in all the colonict it estimated to amount to £95,000,000 derived as follows :-Agri- cultural, £20,830,000; pastoral, £35,387,000; mining, £10,790,000 ; forests and fisheries, £3,105,000; manufacturing, £18,870,000. New South Wales stands at the head,ol the list, the value of production in that colony being set down at £27,564,000, Whilst that of Victoria is £23,350,000 ; New Zealand comeB next, whilst Tasmania only ranks above Western Australia, the amount set down as the value of the production of this colony being £3,323,000. Victoria ranks in agriculture above all the other colonies, though New Zealand is not for behind, whilst New South Wales is ahead both in pastoral and mining products. In the matter of manufactures, Victoria is first, New South Wales second, and New Zealand third. Tui- timber trade in this colony is, we are informed, in an unsatisfactory state at the present time It is stated that the impor- tation of large size pine m foreign bottoms causes so keen a competition with the local timber that many of the mills will liave to close, unless some means of relief Is found There has arisen, therefore, a demand for protection for the local product, so- that tho workmen may be kept employed, and our fine beds of timber be turned to good account Certainly, it seems strange that foreign timber is so frequently used in building when the local timber would be both cheaper and better in many respects It may bo that tho colonial wood ia not properly seasoned and cannot be safely used for many purposes, and hence the discarding of it The matter seems to he one which, needs investigation Vici. REUAI. -Lady Hamilton, will not bo ut home as usual on Monday afternoon next, 26th inst I i'kctf.RAi ma -The Canton Swatow line is interrupted Tuikuh lines aro interrupted beyond Yao Communication Saigon Bangkok is restored i I StmaiABY Foil EliBOPF -Oun letter Home containing a îccord of (.lioeveute for the past ¡ foi tinghi, will be found on tho foul th page of this day's issue SuPitKMFNT - Our supplement to day1 contains Marino Board, loothall, Queens Biithclay Holiday Arrangements, Mining, Stock and Shai o Market, Launceston, alld Special Letter, Country News, Letters to the Editqi, Our Mclboiirna Ladies Lettci, Sydney Gossip, Our New York Letter, Thu Lettci to the Czar, 'MUnie Bernhardt s New Hole I U > Li DBUWFNT VAIIFV RAIIWA\ -Mr F Back (manager of the Tasmumau Govern meat Railways), who has been on an official I visit to Hohurt during the'week! lift -iot Launceston by express train yesterday On. Thursday last he made an ofhcial lnspootioni of tho Derwent Valley Railway line and, ! will report the result to the Minister of : Lands Mr Back Btatod tim liuo is in ex ccllont running order, and he foels- well pleased with his inspection ) > ' CONSERVATOR ot BORFSTS -MU. W ¡T. H Brown, the Conservator of ' Eorests, will leave Hobart early noxl week on aVisttof inspection inibo George's Bay district He intends {o remain in the locality, for1 some time inspecting, thu large, tjuiboi deposits which are kpown to exist thorel and! on.his return to Hobart will hand tn a. report io his MinlsteriaUcblcf ! WKILBJUIKIT ROAD TRUSX.-Jk. special meeting was held on Thursday oveaing last at Cascade" Inn Present Mr Martin (Chutrman)» Messrs Forrest, Fisher, Dillon, and 'DodgW Mr''Dillon brought'up the report of the committee ou'urgsat works to be submitted to the Htm tha- Minister of Lauris laod'Works fon iPacUasasntary pro- posals, and In an able speech moved tho udoptio» of the report, waieh after sons» allant dssonssfon is**appro*ed of ( TEA TBEE ROADI Tànaot-The annaal meetisjg of landholder» la) the Tea Tree Roai) District fer the juatpose of ebeting two. trustees in placó o£ Messrs. M.Hagdwick and! J. Oakley & to he held at Mr Joseph Bsrwick's at X n,m torbay. I I BxLLKBivn »ACES*-Bellerive races take »lace this afternoon, and in epítema! strong. oountor atiuoctions, the sporti provided should be witnessed by ¡a large¡ number of I people Steamers will run at naif hour in | tcrvals, fc-om 1230, landlngijifflsserigers at j the jetty near the course There ''are six j events to be got off, each rate having filled aumoiously, the {bill of, fuie, embiocing two at races, a hurdle race, .pony handicap, tiot, and hack race The first rooo Is timed for half past 11 o'clock. ' ISÍVARTE» PONIES -Per s s flora, whioh an i vea this morning were two cobs, one con signed to Mr Alfred Crisp and tho other to iii Bl W Blundstone The ponies wcro landed in first class condition, and wcro Sreatlyiadmirod during the day, one being a apple grey, and the other a light hay( Ibej inreirpm the stud of the: well known breeder iMr.uWb B.I Crispy Muffle/ Glpptlasd,) am tar«! exifclljWt/spioimtnt. «f that iolau to ! (..tookinsvoia u'l tsJ/Lii > Aiic ¡.¿ri.il IIJM J . « lUeil i V/_rn_;ij' Í %UJ¿ *aaiutû bnii sanstlarl no "WO ' liaM uinaaais/!Ï B'JIJDVI enll x11 is Crrv POLICE COUHT.-Boforo Mr. W. Tarleton. P.M., yesterday, Charles Lever was fined 5s., or seven days, for being drunk and disorderly. James Hogan failed to put in an appearance to answer to a chargo of cruelly ill-treating three horses by. working the samo while Bullering fiiji» soro shoulders, and tho casa wïs heard ex pat te. Constable Butterworth said the horses wcro in chargo of J. H. Norman., Superintendent Pedder gavo evidence as XoA tho state two of the animals wcro in. J. II, "Norm»n deposed that 'lib had informed Hogan of the condition of the horses, but thoy were still brought out to him. Bogan was quite aware of their state. Tho Beach inflicted a fine of 40s. and costs, and advised tho withdrawal of the information against Norman, but ho was cautioned that when- ever horses v> ero brought to him to bo put I into tho 'bus houhoulil make it his business to examiiiotheinbcforoheallowcilthcnitobopub in.- [Alderman Hiddlcstonc, J. P., hero toole a seat on the bench.] Frederick Turner, Charles Chafcy, und Joseph Hunt wet o charged with stealing a vest on the 22nd inst., valued at 4s , and the property of James Smith, of Liverpool-street. Charles Chafey pleaded guilty, and the others not guilty. J. Smith, sworn, said the vest had boen hanging outsido of his shop the night provious, and it was taken away without his consont. Em. Ware stated sho kept a shop in Liverpool-street, and on the previous night Chafcy offered a vest for sale, and asked Is. for it. The other lads came in afterwards. Two constables came in later on' whilo the lads wero there, and took them away. Ser- geant Marshall gave eviilenco.as to tho arrest of the boys. Chafey, having pleaded guilty, was ordered to bo detained in the Training School for a period of three years, and us thoru was not sufficient evidence against the others, they were discharged. A young fellow appeared before > the Court on a chargo of disturbing the peScsl ' The Bench Clerk : Is your nanio Murttn'Balkam ? Defendant:Nosir,mynameUsBstftht Malcolm P.C. Moore said defendant created a dis- turbance 'outside the Saltation Army bal noks whilo service was on.'I Defendant in an answer to the Bench Clerk neglected to address him as " air," and the Police Magis- trate asked him why he did n»t do BO. Defen- dant : " I did say it." Tho Police Magie, trate: "You did not. Well, it'it what might,be expected from you ti< suppose." > Defendant bad no witnesses to oi.U, merely stating that he did not make any disturbance. Tho Police Magistrate fined him 20s. Cd. or costs; with an alternative of 14 days in gaol, adding that ho was a very ' flath ' young fellow. Defendant : No. I atn'not flash." The Polico Magistrate: "I beg' to differ with you." Sub-Inapectur Mitchell asked defendant how his namo was1 spelled, and ho answered " B a l-e-h-i-n'." ' To Police Magistrate : The namo he gave'first is suffi- cient for the warrant. ' ' '.' WESLEYAN CHURCH.-The Rev. J. P. Chapman, who is advertised to officiate at Melville-street and Davey-street Wesleyan Churches to-morrow, has just arrived from the Fiji mission work on furlough, and will, D.V., be returning to that field of mission work after the close of the General Confer- ence now sitting at Sydney. The rev. gentleman is a grandson of the builder of Melvill-street Church, who will be well remembered by many of the older residents of Hobart. i CONGRATIONAL UNION.-The following is the result of tho recent examinations in Scripture knowledge, conducted by Mr. J. Masters, M.A., Inspeotor of. Schools : First Division : Max. 300. - Lizzie John- stone, 261 ; Beatrico Barnard, 247 ; Kitty Walch, 235, Leslie, Henry, 226; Daisy Bar- nard, 216 ; Jane Simpson, 210 ; Edith'Biggs, 203 ; Dora Birchall, 184 ; Elsie Kingston, 167 l Nellie Bayley, 153 ; Agnes Forward, 151\. Secoud Division : Max. 200.-Carrie Walch, 100; Frank Ivey, 150; Blanche Proctor, 147 ; Florence Chapman, 143 ; E\a Jordon, 142; Cyril Henry, 137; May Mowatt, 135; tilla Giblin, 131; Henry Crouch, 133; Evelyn Reed, 133; Emily Cooley, 121 ; Alice Johnstone, 121 ; Lily Roberts, 114; Arthur W. Tattersall, l18;' Alice Chesterman, 117; Charles Harboltlo, 110 ; Wader Butler, 114 ; Ada Dart, 112 ; Bodington Johns, 107 ; Katie McPhcc, 107; Lousia Bailey, 103; Hmry H. Forward, «0, Philip Huhnes, 90;rMay Ikin,84 ; Muriel Hawkins, 70; James Clark, 74 ; W. Angus, 74. Third Division : Max. 100-Silos Lewis, 78; Florence Gill, 75;, Chas. Johnstone, 74 ; Christina Cooley, 73 ; * Jas. Masterton, 70 ; Elsie Read, 70 ; Joseph Forward, 64; Alice .Wright, 68; Edgar Lawrenco, 68 ; Philip Andrews, 68 ; Amy Rex, 67; Dora Walch, 60; Emily Chapman, 61 ; Ethel Marsden, 60 ; Sefton Banderet, 60; Wni. Bennett, 60 ; Chas. Coates, 55; Cissie John, 47 ; May Rowland, 44 ; Millie Banderet, 44, Oscar Russell, 41; Elsie Miks, 39; Ethel Gill, 3»; Archie Wookey, 30; Emily Lowie. 38 ; John Hook, 38 ; Hilda Moore.31 ; Rupert Wookey, 31 ; John Henderson, 31. Tho list will be posted in Walch and Son» to-day. i THBATWCAL. - The amusement loving public will be gratified to learn that arrange- ments haro just been comploted which give promise of supplying them with i> welties throughout the whole of the wintei season. Mr. J. S. Smith, who is well known in Hobart as having been the business manager of many excellent companies which have, visited us during the past ten years, and who is also the lessee of the nowly-com plated Bijou Hull at Launceston, has just completed arrangements for leasing the new Temperance Hall for an extended period, during which lie will bid for the patronage of those in. search of amusement. As ant earnest of the hill of faro, he will provide on opening, will be made on Tuesday, Juno 3, when tina new Combination, under engage- ment to.MeSrr'. Cogill Bros.,which comprises a number of English artists who have never, before appeared m Tasmania, in conjunction ; with the well-known Slade Murray, will make their introductory bow. This com, pany is now playing in Launceston to crowded houses, and their popularity gives no evidence of waning. Following this sea- son will come Professor Perrini, who has won. a nama for himself as an exponent of' Itlic black, art, whilst Miss Ada Fitzroy, a, ¡wonderful thought reader, will also accom. puny i him. Subsequent to these Hurry. Rickards' English Novelty Company is un'der' .engagement to Mr. Smith. The earnestness, 'of the venture is such that we arc sure alii ¡will Wialli ita promoters tho fullest tuccess.. , I S.T. ARTILU-.IIV BALI,.-The committee appouitcd,to carry out tho necessary urranae ,ittcuts- j iii. connection with this poplilai, tannuul event, are evidently sparing no pains', to make tho foithcoming hall a greater,' success oven .than its predecessors. An ox-; ,cellanb piogrammo has been arranged, the musía of winch will be supplied by Den-' ttithi's- well-known band. The ball will bej undi i tho patronage of His Excellency the ¡Governor and Lady Hamilton, tho members of the Minis'tiy,'tho A'cting-Cominan'da'riti! I tho Mayor and aldermen, Major Evans, and! officers of the Southern Defence Force. Tickets can be obtained from those named in our advertising columns. HOBART FRUIT BOARD.—The usual fortnightly meeting was held last evening. Present-Mr. C. F. Cresswell (chair), and Messrs. J. C. Beckwith, J. Brosnahan, R. Elliott, W. Sayer, and P. Johnston, secretary. The inspector, Mr. H. J. Digges, was also present. The Chairman reported that he had been unable to interview the Hon. Treasurer in reference to the money voted by Parliament for the purpose of offering a reward for the best method of destroying the codlin moth, but he will endeavour to do so immediately that gentleman returns to Tasmania. The inspector read his report, of work done from May 9 to May 13, having inspected fruit shops, auction marts, stores, wharves, ships amf railway, and had made a seizure of infected fruit which he had had taken to the dip and destroyed, and moneys he had received up to. date amounted to £41 18s. WINDOW BECOÍLÍTJQN.--V novelty'in, window1 decorationi' is.'to. bV seen at the butchering establishment el Mr. W. Stevenson, Elizabatfc street. It is in tija ', shape of,a crown,, the tier* being formedto»-!«' mince-meat of dfffprenfe kinds, the whole surmounted by a, pedestal, on which.'Is a, miniature representation of Her Majesty the Queen. Ino. decoration is decidedly apt to the ".loyal " time of year. In different paris, of th» window are rose blooms, which, to the casual eye appear to. be composed! of wax. but which in reality are out out of white turnips. Cttinolsseura In window dressing testify to the uniqj»e character-of .the. show. ' INFLUENCE OÍ A PEAL OF BELLS.-The master of our omateui bellringcrthas Bhown us a letter, dated April IO, 1890, received hy him per yesterday's English mail from a Mr. ¿ames Wilson, the, following being an extract :-"-Seoing the aocount of your visit to Melbourne in this week's Belt New*, I have taken the liberty of addressing you to inquire if you think I and my wife would huvoany difficulty in finding employment in 3*our colony. I have had a wish to go to Tasmania for some time, and now I see von hu\o a peal of bulls I should the more hko to ooma. I van ring the standard methods (Plain and Treble Bob Grandsiro awl Sted man), and hopo to be somewhere near the ropes as long aajl_am_ablo_to ring. I trust 1MÜ-¡wiJiUY ii Ü0VÍA.1U JAKIU /. ui--iKtfr,jeJ Jrjt'J oili lo v/ojvfiÄ ßV/O jE"X ,liflM tT4!C«»»«T;S'Í»alWtirfí ? sagj^=g= - TUB POSTAL CONFERKNOK.-Tho Premier rccolvea'tho 'foltowifrg-wlro fronrths- Pdstr niastor-Goneral c(Hon. A B. (,S. yBird). last evening :-" Tho colonies' have agreed to join the 1'o-ttil Union for securing tho 2Jd. rato all round tho world. The Conference agpífd to ask tho Cabio Co. for a 4s. per wdW rate, the colonies joining with tile Cabio Co. in making up tho deficiency." ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. - To morrow (Whitsunday) tliero will be first celebration at 7,15. undi sucoud celebration' (choral),,at 12\. Tho Bishop will pi euch at 11 a.m., and (ho Dean ut 7 p.m. -, _-_ Cn emull SbRVichs.-Tho following ser- vices will ' bo' hold to-morrow :-Wusloyun Church, Melvillo-streot, Rev. R.W. Thoinp bon at 11 a.m., und Rev. Joshua Chapman, of Fijij-'al''7 p. ni. j Davoy-litroct, Mr. W. ¡smith. 11 «.in , and Rev. R W. Thompson 7 p ni.; High-street, Mr. H., Kirby 11 u.in,; Memorial Chinch, Rev. G. W Sharp at 11 a.m. ned 7 pim,;' St. John's Presbyterian -Church, morning servioo at 11, and evangelis- tic service in tho ovening ; St, Andrew's Church,¡'Rev. J, Seojt, 11 , am. and 7 p.m.; Hobart Tuliornaulc, Pastor Mc Cullough, morning'and evening; Chalmers Free Church, Rev. S. Ironside, 11 u.m and 7 p.in ; Christians' Chapel, Collins-street, Mr. H. G Picton, morning lind evening ¡ Congregational Union, Rev. F. A. Woods, at Sandford Plains uni Bellciive Mission Stations; Wesley un Church, New Town, morning, Mr. S, Burrows ; evening, Rev. D. Annear. i EVOLUTION.-Mr, H. G. Picton, the Íiopular lecturer, delivered n lecture in the ilcchanics' Hall last night on "Tho Evolu- tion Croze, or, Have Wo Como from Mon- keys?" ' There was a large attcntlnnco, and tho lecture was listened io with marked attention hy all. Mr. Picton dealt with the subject in lill its phases, and confuted .what ure known as evolutionist theories by argu- ments from nature, and ha also mad» it mani- fest that a Christian could not believe in those theoiiea. From the writings of scientists he endeavoured to show that tlieio was no such tiling as '.spontaneous generation, and the theory of natural selection was also critlcilly examined, with a view to refutation. After the close of,the leoture a question wus sub- mitted by one of the audience anil answered. Mr. Picton announced' that he had been asked to re-deliver his lecture,on ".Secularism Unmasked," but It would l>o stated later on" whether thatcoulil ÜJilouc, as he was iii the hands of tho Ministers' Association. He also mentioned that lie Would "bo willing to «eliver a i lectura to men only on a tubject connected with E\plutiou,and on a show of hands being taken amongst the male portion of the audience as to whether it was desired, he said he would endeavour to arrunge the lecture. .1 '? i HOBART PAKMAMKNTAKY DKIIATINII AMO GMTION.-Tho usual weekly meeting of this ?Society took placo at tho Masonic Hull last night, there being neargo attendance, both of members and visitors, A new member, Mr. Jas. White,' was' introduced, and took (his seat. Leavej having been granted, Mr. C. D. Hoggins, 'introduced; without notice, a bill to amend tho Hobart Corporation Act <2i Viet., No. 14), and it was read a first ti.ne.- ordered to be printed, and tho second reading mado un order of the day for Friday next. Mr. Israel moved a voie of confidence in the policy read by Mr.( Finlay on May 16, 1890." Mr. Hoggins seconded,'and {he fol-" towing members »poke :-Messrs) J. Long- more, J. Bradley, and1 A.' Morton, Mr Hairison moved tho adjournment of tho de hale until Friday next,' and 'this being seconded by Mr. C. Hamilton, (ho motion was carried.'"Mr. "Finlay' stated thut the business for next week would' be tho resump- tion of the! ilobato'on the Ministerial policy, after which, the debate on the question of the abolition 'of capital punishment, would be resumed.. The meeting closed at 10 o'clouk.' " " DERWENT DIIAMWIC Cum.-The mem- bers of this club, iu conjunction with Mr. Ficdcric Stanmaur and Miss Ella Claibomc, gavera dramatic |'eifórmanos in tho Tai inanian Hall lost evening. There was u good audicncei present. The performance commenced with u_ comedy drama entitled Withered Lcm'eit, in which the two pro- fessionals took' the leading parts. Mr. Stanmaur as the scapegrace son wus lively and- funny, and Mina Cliiibornc made a charming Lady ?- Conyers i These two characters were ably sustained, and caused the comedy to go with á verne which made up for a lack'of preparedness that waa apparent on tho part of 'some of the amateurs filling the minor parts. I Mr. T. Bishop gho a very, good, representation of the old baronet, Sir Conyers Conyers, in the novel positions ~in which he found himself us father of the gay Tom and hus- band of tho youthful Lady Conyers. Mr. J. Bishop Osborne us Arthur Middleton, Mr. li. E. Ross as'Cecil'Vane, and iMiss Daven- port as May Rivers, , otu tribu ted to the success of the play. Tho second part of the entertainment consisted of the sorcaming farce, Bon owed Plume*, which waa more successful fillan tho comedy. Mr, E. li, Ross mudo a decided hit as Diok Mi/y.le, in the dual churactcr of ostler and gentleman in Borrowed Plumea. Mr. T. Bishop as Brotherby Bibbin», again won the good opinion -of the audience. In tho ab HUico of Mr. J. M. Scott, Mi. Jugglcman took the part of Hot utio Gusta vus Tattlctoii, and did it very well cousidciing tho short time he had to «tuily the part. Miss R Lascelles appeared an Violet, daughter of dibbins, and Miss M. Shields as Emma, both sustaining) their parts in n creditable manner. An orchestra under tho direction of Mi. J. Brown played selections during the evening which wcie much appreciated. ! TASMANIAN* RIFI.I: RÜHMEST.-The Rcgi- ' incut assembled at the bin rusks last even- ing, Captain Reid in command. The corps I iveic exercised in maicli-past, royal salute, »ml feu dc-jofc, preparatory to tho Roview to be, held .on tho 2(ith insfc. At the con- clusion of the parado, orders were read as to Chm eli pal nile on Sunday at 2.15 p.m.; and it was intimated that no firing can take Jil.icc di tho Sandy Bay nile lunge until luther ordora. The mutches arranged for Satin day, 24tli,' and Monday, 20th, arc pottponofl. i ' liu.i.MUVK,lÎAM> OF MERCY.-A meeting of mciiibéis willaba,held on Friday, May 30. Lady, llumiltou will* bo present, and all those'who'became members in May, 1889, aio piirtiuuluily lcqucstcd to bo present to ttceivp medals. , m " ' " ' A« Vi riso ' Ow,xi:itii. - Telegraphic mo« luges nildiessqd fi.Mr. H. Martin "and " R. S. Miller, No.'li, Eli/aboth-street," nwult ouncisut tjip Hobart office. , , ÏO\\\ .< AN« CO^NTRyiPANK^lillJOIDATIOV. '-The .'I jffíw reporta tl}ut¡ Mr.,M'Cutclieon, tho ni;i linger of the Cpimiioi cial, Bank of Austiiilin, Melbouine,, .had an interview with tliocIí<íííUlators_.of the Town und Coimtiy Bunk,, Ho suggested, that, for a monctiiiy considciátion, tile liquidatois should »IIive tliejr claims forj g0,000 shares iu the Comincrciàl_lknk, and asked the liquidntnis what they considered a fair sum. They lcplicd that, _consideiing the present inaiKet,\uliieoftiic sharef),, £60,000 was u fair sum.'' ' Mr. M*Cut*iioon " Bud that ho WHS eninowcred'tb oiler'£51,000, end the Uqiiidatais finully agreed, subject to con fii nmtion by a mooting of shareholders, to taUo, jCTw.OfK).,^ .A >proliminaiy agreement was signed. Tho 'liqiiiilulc-ia belfoye, .th'at tiley have adopted tho best course for the small sliaieliokleis, with ¡whom there might be some difficulty in raising ,tho, pi 3s. per sinke íiecoásury to piovide .,ther money to nuichato the 20,000 »liares ,tOj,which , tho bank is entitled. { j . " ',,,,,, j ¡ . Si.\ NICHOLLS,' GLOBE BREWERY, begs to .draw attention to his, very Superior Stock of Choice, Wines and Spirits. "A Singlo Bottle may be'had at "Wholesale Prices; also his Malt Ale, which obtainod the highest awards at the Melbourne 'Centennial Exhibition, 1SSS-89, which'¡may"!»'had iii Quarts'and ,>., Pints. Dandelion Ale, a Refreshing Summer *?" Drink, and which is guaranteed to keep in all ijimttet, tnay.be had in QuavUand Pints. TtuVAle 1« extensively used in all the Aus trallanrColonle«, also by the General Hos- pital and the Tasmanian Government, and highly recommended by,the medical profes- sion at a tonic for'Purifying the Blood and Acting on the Liver,. _ 