pteratatt. THE KEEPER OF THE KEFS. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' 'LaziniB in Loridon,' 'The Courting of Mary Smith.' ' The Yonnge&t; Miss Green,' ' No Church,' &c; , &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author, A:l rights reserved.] ' For him she was parity, charity, the Keeper ol the Keys of whatsoever is held precious by men.'— George Meredith. BOOK I.— FORTUNA. Chapter VIII. — The New Arrival (Continued). live minntes afterwards Mrs. Pith and be were standing under the portico together, looking oat at the lights on the cliff and at the dark sea beyond them, and at the Bky above it all glittering with ten thousand stars. Peace was made between man and wife, and Fortnna, though she hardly knew it, had played the pleasant part of peacemaker. Mrs. Pith, a pretty woman Btill, stood with her hands clasped upon her husband's arm, and he, burly acd bareheaded, had a Icbb Bevere expres sion on his walnut shell of a face. 'It's all right I daresay, Polly— but I sln't what yon call settled In my mind about my Dorcas. I wish I was.' 'We can't put old heads on young ehoulders, dear.' ?? We can't. It's a mortal pity.' ' She works hard and well for as, she Is obedient to me, her stepmother, and lov ing to yon when— when you will let her,' she added; 'and there, there, It's no nee bothering about her any more to eight.' ?* I won't ' ' That'a light. For when you are In cue of your tantrums, old man,' she said, with, a familiarity at which she seemed a little nervous herself, ' lam bo very much » afraid.'9 *' Afraid of what ?' he asked. 4C I don't know,' she said ; ' 1 can't ttll what ' She shivered, and he said quickly and kindly— *' My dear, you're cold. Let us go In doors.' ' No. I would rather stay here a little Iccger,' she replied. ' We do not often get a qnlet five minutes' chat together, Pith, at this- time of year.' *? Thank God, no,' he answered ; 'that is, thank God for the business we do, I mean, and for which, Polly, we are not as gratefal sometimes as we ought to be. They're going to bust up Johnson's lower down, 1 hear, with his old bill of sale. That's the drink.' ?l Ah ! poor Johnson — very likely.' 'It'll be all the better for us next season, won't It, and — well, perhaps that Ib selfish, eh?' ' It is a little/' assented Mrs, Pith. ' What a lovely night. I can hear music down on the pier, I think.' ' The pier has been shut this half-hour. They don't keep such late hours as on that wicket Spa. I don't like the Spa. What frie&dB; has Dorcas to be marching about with them so late at night as this? What ? ' II How thick and bright the stars are, George/' she said In a low tone ; ' did you see many more of them than that in your old seafaring days ?' ' Oh, yes — dozens more/' he answered vaguely, 'when clear of the laud. All ronnd you— anyhow— everywhere.' 'That was before we knew each other.' ' Yes, laes. Yes.' ct That was — oh, dear, how you frightened me, elr,' Bhe exclaimed, as a man suddenly pushed the gate open with a formidable clanging noise and came striding up the stepB towards them. II 1 beg your pardon,' he said politely and in a very deep voice, ' I am sorry if I have startled you. Is this Mrs. Pith's Boarding Establishment ?' ' Yes, sir. I am Mrs. Pith, at your service.' 'May I ask what are yonr terms for ? ' ?'We are quite fall,' eald Mr. Pith proudly ; ' we have been full all the seasoD, and there's no room to stick a pin for the matter of that.' *' There's' Mr. Johnson's ? ' began Mrs Pith. ' I daresay there Is/' interrupted the gentleman on the steps, ' bnt I have a preference for Green Mount House. This is It, 1 believe?' ?? Yes, sir. My own little bit of free hold property/' Mr. Pith added proudly. Pith told everybody this when the chance presented Itself. ?* Indeed,' said the stranger, ' that Is a good sign of business application. There are not many In your line who make so good a thing of it ' 'No, tir — there ain't. Water has helped us a bit.' *' Water !' 'We are abstainers.' he explained, 'thoDght we don't Insist upon the boarders following our example. A good many do, and I like to see It, though It's not eo profitable.' 'Ab, yes,' replied the late comer absently. ' Well, I am sorry you cannot find room for me.' ' I'm sorry too,' said Mr. Pith bluntly, 'for I hate turning any one away, who ever be is. But it can't be managed, as Mrs. Pith,' indicating bis wife by a move of his big hand, 'can tell you for her self.' 'I don't mind what I pay,' the atrangar remarked, *f double, treble prices if you like, so that I am not driven out In „_ the cold. It's awkward for me—my boxes 4j - are on their way from the station. I did cot take into account the possibility of there being no room here.' 'Our friends generally write or tele graph a few days before,' Mra. Pith ex plained ; » ' bnt' — turning to her husband — ?? 1 think It might be managed, George.' '1 don't see how.' *' There's Dorcas's room — she will not mind sleeping with Sarah for a night or two. She's always willing, and the Brahams are going next Saturday, you inow. Until then perhaps this gentleman would not object to a small room at the top of the house.' ' Pat me where you like,' he said care* leesly. ' I have been used to roughing it In my time — you will not find me a grumbler.' ' It Is a room we do not let, as a rule, bnt we will try to make you comfortable in it,' added the landlady. ' I am Bure you will,' said the other politely, 4( and I am indebted to you for putting yourselves out of the way.' ?'The terms will be three guineas a week, and ? ' ' I eaid that I would pay double or treble, if ? '. Mr. Pith interrupted In his turn, and in his customary jerky way — ' Oh, we don't do basiaeBa in that style. We have one price and we serve and serve alike, as the saying is, and if people are satisfied we are.' * ' Very good,' eald the new-comer, ' Perhaps you'll step Into the dining room, sir, for a little while,' said Mrs. Pith, ' until your room is ready.' ** Thank you.' All three passed Into the dining-room, and Mr. and Mra. Pith took a look at the new-comer in the full blaze of the gas chandelier. They were anxious for busl* ness ; but they chiefly relied on/' connec tion,' and people who turned up suddenly In this style— with the old story of 'luggage coming on' — were not, as a rule, to be relied upon. But the man from the street bore the more precise scrutiny fairly well. There was nothing of the adventurer, or the hotel-sneak, or the area-sneak about him. He was a tall, well-dreesed man, of some six or eight and thirty years of age, with a tanned skin — a ruddy brown kind of complexion — that no English sun had colored and corrugated. He was a hook-nosed man, with piercing grey eyeB set rather close together, but which did not give him that cunning expression which it will some times, but added a look of shrewdness or penetration that was more attractive than otherwise. A few years back he had pro bably been a handsome man — now he was ' distinguished/' if too stern or grave of aspect for the ordinary run of human kind — a man who might attract attention in a crowd of men, some of whom would say Instinctively, ' Who is he ?' Mr. and Mrs. Pith were both physiog nomists. They had a panorama of faces a mile or two long gliding by them in their time to Inspect and Btudy, and after a careful scrutiny they both liked the looks of the new-comer and thought that they could trust him. He was of an upright and stalwart figure, 'quite the gentleman,' and would be evidently an acquisition to Green Mount House — a man who wonld pay promptly, and grumble not without just cause or Impedi ment. Still, Mr. Pith was a man of the world, and contrary alwayB. Appearances were deceptive very often. Only last week a. clerical gentleman had called to sell tickets for a bazaar in aid of an orphanage at Fiji, and when Dorcas had gone in search of her stepmother he had taken away a very handsome umbrella— Mr. Twit's property —out of the stand in the halL ' May I ask, air, who recommended our house to you,' Mr. Pith enquired, ' or if you have come across any of our advertise ments?11 '* I am here of my own free will and accord.', 'Oh— Indeed,' said Mr- Pith, very solemnly. He had his doubts now, and yet It would have been very easy for the stranger' to give a different answer. There was something outspoken in the' gentleman that reminded him of himself, thought Pith — he liked people who spoke cut — but still he had his doubts, which after all were summarily dissipated by the arrival of the railway van from the station, bearing a huge portmanteau and a coloBBal travelling trunk of Saratoga pattern, all striped woods and brass clamps and corners, and three locks. 'We can't get that trunk in your present room, anyhow. That must stay down till we can shift you Into a better berth,' said Pith. ' Pat it where you like,' was the easy answer. Mrs. Pith passed over a book and a pen full of ink to the new boarder. 'What is this for ?'he aBked curiously. ' Will you enter your name and address in our visitors' book, if you please,' she said, it is a rule with us.' ' Certainly.' He opened and stood with the pen in his grasp, considering for a minute. Then he wrote something very quickly, and In a fine Italian hand. ' Cape Town, eh ; I know Caps Town,' said Mr. Pith, who had been looking over his shoulder, ' I suppose there have been many changes there during the last ten years '{' 'Changes — yea,' said the other ab sently. He was looking down the Hat of visitors attentively, even eagerly, and his face seemed sterner and more sad during the operation. 'At last — thank God,' he muttered to himself ; but the voice was very low, and neither host nor hostess heard his excla mation of discovery and thankfulness. Chapter IX, — Thb End of the Day. Mr, Vanderspnr had not gone to bed as his daughter very confidently told Dominic Gair that he had when the young gentleman had suggested Beelng him that evening. Mr. Yanderspur had changed hla programme entirely, and proved him self far from the slave of habit. Since Fortnna had returned to him he had alwayB gone early to bed, almost immedi ately after his dinner, a man worn out with the length of the day and the fatigues which he had encountered in it. He had been punctilious to the minute as to hie time for retiring, and therefore it was with no small surprise that Foxbuna found her father snugly ensconced in his easy chair by the fire In his bedroom. The nights were cold towards the end of August at North Scarborough in Mr. Yan derepur'a estimation, and not without faic reaeon sometimes, and Mr. Yanderspur's constitution required keeping particularly warm. He was reading when Fortuna came in and stood on the threshold regarding him with no small surprise. She had entered cautiously for fear of awaking him if he had fallen asleep, but he was quick of hearing and turned round .with a pleased smile. 'Sitting up !' she exclaimed, 'oh, dad, Is this right T ' It is not late,' he said. 11 It is— for you.' 'It wan for me In the old days o probation — of suspense, Fortuna,' he eaid ; 'but this is the beginning of the new life.' 'Is It?' ' Don't you think so ?' 'To me it Is a continuation of the old wherein we have been happy,' she replied. 'Ah! but there was no confidence between us. You did not know the truth. And,' he added, dosing his book and laying it aside, 'the truth has not scared any of the leve out of your heart ?' 'No.' 'Nor any of the reBpect— and reverence which a child should have for its father ?' Fortuna did not answer this. She was not quite certain, perhaps, that there was any reverence In her heart for this dilapi dated commercial plunger. A daughter's love for him, pity for his weakness, his punishment, his malady, were all there, but reverence ! That was a high-flown term fora man whose business relations had been rather more than 'ehady,' and who was only three monthB ago doing his 'bit of time,' aB his contemporaries at Woklng flippantly designated their penal servitude. *' You will find me a good daughter,' sbe eald evaBlvely ; ' we shall trust each other — there will be no secrets between OS.' ' N— no,' he said doubtfully- forlnstant and to her surprise, 'of course, perfect confidence and trust — we shall make a touching picture till the end comes.' 'And that may be far off, with time and care and attention, dad.' ' I hope It may be, but I doubt It,' he answered ; *' those prison wretches would have never let me go if there had been the ghost of a hope that there was much life left in me. I know them.' And his open hand fell on a small table at the aide with a very forcible thwack. 'Still you are free,' said Fortnna culetly, ' and should be grateful.' 'Well, well— I am gratefal for the change, certainly,' he answered ; ' who wouldn't be with a grain of sensibility in him? Why do we talk of this to- night, child? 1 have been sitting np ever so much beyond my usual time to hear what this youDg man — Gair, I think, you Intimated was his name — had to say about It all.' 'Is it not too late?' 'Not at all. I am very wakeful ; restless, possibly.' „ ' I thought to-morrow morning ? nl ' Oh, no ; not to- morrow,' he explained ; 'I am anxious — nervous. You Insisted upon hla hearing the exact position of affairs. Well, how does he like It V'i 'He Is a hero,' said Fortuna en thusiastically? 'I hardly expected so much generosity from him. I was pre pared even for his saying, *Thls must end, Your life is In shadow j I cannot) chare It with you.' ' ' Did he not make any excuse to with draw ? Promise to consider it and — and let you know presently 2 Nothing of that kind ?' 'Nothing, He Is just the same trust ful, honest, loving Dominic whom I have ever known.' ' Oh, is he ?' replied the father some what dismally Fortuna thought. For he Bighed heavily and his face did not light up as If In reponse to her enthusiasm, 'He wished to come to-night and assure you of his unalterable affection for me, but I told him thab the hour was too late.' 'Good girl — always considerate for me,' he murmured ; ' you did quite right. I do not want to see him.' *' He is coming to-morrow morning.' 'Oh, Lord, la he? He must be a dreadfully fussy young man this,' he said. 'Why cannot he wait a few weeks —say a few days, then — without seeing me ? Cannot he comprehend that It is a most distressing topic to dlscusB 1' ' He only wishes to assure yon that there Is nothing in the world that can change in any way his love for me.' ' 1 will take his word for it,' her father said eagerly. ' Tell him so, Fortana, will you ? That Is quite sufficient. ' . Fortuna looked disappointed ; the old sad look came back to her. 'He would prefer to see you. He wishes to see you. He shall see you,' Bhe said with an extra degree of emphasis that made her father start and regard her fur tively beneath his wiry eyebrows. 'Very well,' he said with a sigh; ' just as you please.' ' You will like him very much. Every body likes Dominic Gair,' she said. 'He baa hosts of friends — too many friends, most likely — and not an enemy in the world.' 'Lucky young devil!' muttered Mr. Yanderspur. Fortuna regarded her father very critically. Hls^manner that night had perplexed her not a little ; there was a difference in him as well as in his powers of endurance, and everything was chang ing with her own career and his. And all the changes were not certainly to be admired. [ Here was a touch of harlequin's wand that had not altered things wholly for the better, unless her judgment was at fault. 'Father,' she said gravely, ' you are not glad that Dominic is true to me ?' 'No, I am not glad, Fortuna,' he confessed. ' 1 did not want him to know my history — It was not his business — and knowing it I should not have been sorry if he had cancelled the engagement.' 'For my sake?' ?* For my own,' he replied, ' for he will take you away from me presently, and always — from this very night, in fact — he will stand between you and me — before me even— taking the first place In your heatt.' 'Well?' 'If he and you had parted I should have had you to myself, you see ; to love and cherish always,' he added quickly, lest Fortuna should think him a trifle selfish in his calculations. ' I am with yon all your life,' answered Fortuna. 'If yon love me, that will content you. Acd afterwards it should be to you a con solation that you leave me In good hands.' 'For mercy's sake, child, don't talk of * afterwards/ or look forward to that,' he said with a strong shiver ; ' or I shall see you watching me cloaaly — just as you ate looking now— and be fancying that I read your thoughts, ' How long is this man going to live ;' being one of them always.' ' You are ungenerous In yonr estima tion of me,' said Fortuna, laying her hand upon his shoulder ; ' this is hardly the father who spoke of his penitence and of his love to me only this morning. Who told me the secret of his life and thought that It would frighten me away from him. Who said * God bless you' when I told him that his life was one which I would always share.' The head was bent a little forward as if In Bhame, and the thin lips murmured — ' 1 say God blesn yon once again, For tuna ; and with all my heart, God knows, I aek that blessing of Him.' 'Amen,' said Fortuna, stooping down and kissing him, ' and now good night.' *' Good-night, my dear,' he said. 'You must not mind what I have been saying — 1 have been upset. This has been a great day of trial to us, and I have said thlDgs very likely that I did not mean, When there Is a whirl of events, as It were, people do speak carelessly and abeently, You are not angry with me now, Fortuna ?' ' I have not been angry at all,' 'You are very good, but I do not deserve your goodness. We will see Mr. Gair to-morrow as early as he likes to come. 'Yes' 'Any time most convenient to him. Of course he will keep our secret — not prate about it to any of his friends. He under stands that perfectly of course ? ' 'YeB. He understands.' ' Then I will try to like him for my daughter's sake.' ' You will like him for hla own,' she answered. Mr. Yanderspur was not bo certain of that, but he did not contest the point. He rose and opened the door for his daughter's egress with great politeness, he kissed her again and said good night, he watched her pass Into the room next his own, and from which he had calculated that he could arouse her by knocking against the wall, if he were ill— as he thought he might be one day — he stood on the landing after she had dosed the door, considering, wondering, praying even that all might have happened for the best. The house of Pith was still astir. There was a visitor tinkling on the piano In the drawing-room, and he could hear voices and laughter downstairs. The world did not seem so very bad a place after Woking Prison — a little larger and with a heap of unnecessary talk In it that was all. Some one was coming upstairs and he stepped back out of the way, but did not close the door. Perhaps ic was Pith, and he felt Inclined to say good night to Pith before he shut himself in till the next day. But here was a new arrival, he knew all the faces of the company at Green Mount House by heart, and this was a new man without a doubt. As the stranger came to the top of the first long flight of stabs he bestowed on Mr. Yanderspur a keen avift glance, and that gentleman Immediately, backed against the staircase wall and gasped forth with astonishment, perhaps fear — ' Marney,' he whispered. ?? My God — Marney !' ?'Vanderapur/' said bis old partner; 'it Is you then?' ' You have come back. You ! After all these years. Are you not afraid V ' No, 1 am not afraid.' Chapter X. — The Partners of the Firm. Mr. Yanderspur had not bargained for this concluBlon to the day's remarkable proceedings. If this were part of 'the beginning of the new life ' of which he had spoken to his daughter In language a little flowery, it was in his estimation a bad beginning after all. The grave was giving up its dead when Karl Marney — his old partner— stepped back to active life In this appalling fashion. For Mr. Marney't presence was appal ling to him for some reason or another not easy to [fathom. Mr. Vanderapur stood planted against the wall with his hands spread out as if to secure himself more firmly In his position there, and glared at his partner — his senior In the old firm, his junior in years — with dismay and even unutterable conf UBlon. 'What could have brought yon to England, Marney ?' he said at last In a husky whisper. The younger and stronger man looked critically at the man afraid. 'Many reasons, Yanderspur, To see you for one.' ' What Is the nse ?' ' I will tell you to- morrow?— or In a few days. I-—' ' Don't stand there talking and for the whole house to hear, for God's sake 2' adjured Mr. Yanderspur, ' Come into my room for a little while, will you V 'If you wish.' ' You and I had better understand each other for once and all.' 11 If we can,' was the reply. Mr. Yanderspur led the way into the room which he had recently quitted and Mr. Marney followed him. The elder man Bank once more into his easy chair and gesticulated to his companion to take a seat away from the fire and where he could not look him in the face, and then he broke Into his customary fit of coughing, which any extra excitement invariably produced. The man from abroad moved his chair so that he could watch his old partner with greater ease and grave Intent ness— read him perhaps like an open book which had only a few pages left before the finis was reached. A few torn, soiled, and dog- eared pageB at the besVof this poor chronicle? ' You are sadly changed since our last meeting, Yandexspur.' 'I have suffered,' the elder man answered after a struggle with hla voice. ' I can Imagine it.' *' I have been very ill ; my Imprisonment was nearly the death of me. I was not strong enough to bear it.' ' I am sorry,' muttered Marney. 'What is the good of your being sorry for me?' aBked Mr. Yanderspur querulously, as he recovered his voice by degrees. ' You have not come from abroad — from your hiding-place — to tell me that nonsense 2' ' No,' was the laconic answer. There was a pause, then Mr. Vander spur went on — ' It would have been so much better If we had never met again — so much fairer to me, and to yourself.' «? I do not think so.*' 'The past Is dead.' 'The past lives on with me,' said the other quickly. 'It Is always in my thoughts — it is burnt into me in letters of fire.' *' What have you came back for ri Why are you in this house playing the apy upon me ?' Mr. Marney was sitting with his arms crossed upon his cheat regarding Mr. Yanderspur with the old piercing gaze that the elder partner remembered so well. ' I will not tell yon anything to-night,' he answered; 'you are not strong enough,' 'Suspense will be worse than reve lation.' ' There Is nothing for you to fear/r ' Tell me one thing at least, and as you would tell it to a dying man,' urged Mr. Yanderspur. 'That is, truthfully.' ' Yes.' 'Go on. I will tell you the truth or be silent.' ft 'Do you come back, after sll these years, as friend or enemy ?' ' I am no man's enemy,' was the reply. ' You have altered very much,' said Mr. Yanderapur after a moment's con sideration. ' Yes, I have.' ?' You were never easy to make oub, Blarney. When our business relations were close and we depended upon each other and had no secrets from each other, as we thought and said, you were an enigma to me. Bat you are more of an enigma now. You return and risk de tection and capture. You seek me out — and there Ib no reason for it all.' 'There is,' insisted the other, ' Then yon will make it plain to me eoon, I hope/' ' I would have made it plain to you at once, Yanderspur, had 1 not found you the wreck of your old self, unable to listen to me calmly, liable at any moment to give way.' '?? ' How do yon know ?' ?: ' I see It in you sitting there.!1 ' You are wonderfully observant,' the elder man said satirically. The* his tone changed, and he added, * ? BuS it would bebettei not to tell me all 'ttbei truth to night, perhaps, for I am afraid of what yon are going to say.' , He clasped his thin hands together and wrung them hard, as he sat staring at the fire — a very abject spectacle indeed. The man who had dismayed him was touched by It, for he leant forward and laid his strong brown hand upon the shaking fingers that were Intertwined so nervously, and even pathetically. ' There Is nothing to fear, Vanderapur — under any circumstances — from me,' he said. ' Will that assure you ?' ' Hardly ; I have been so sorely tried. I — I don't quite know, Mamey. Perhaps I had better learn the worst at once.' ' Or the best. It may be all for the best.' *'I have despaired [of that long ago— ' The door opened and Fortuna Van derspur came Into the room again with an expression of concern upon her fair young face. ' Father, who la this gentleman?' she said, taking her place by Mr. Vaoder spur's Bide, and standing there as his champion and defender If it were neces sary, ' and why are you with him at so late an hour ? It Is not wise.' 'Wise,' Mr. Yanderspur said shrug ging his shoulders ; ' my poor For tana, I was never wise.' ' I heard voices in the room and could not understand.' She looked at Mr, Marney for her answer, and he had risen and was pre pared to give it. It was apparent, too, that her father was anxious to conceal the identity of his visitor; be cast suohan imploring and strange look towards him, and Fortuna noted this and marvelled at It. ?? ? . ,:x.._.^ But there was no disguise— no attempt at concealment or evasion from the other. The tall man before her was not afraid of the truth whatever might be the motives which had closeted him In her father's room that night. 'My name is Marney,' he said in a clear low tone. 'lam your father's old partner. It is by hla Invitation that I am In hla room. I had not wished to sea him till to-morrow.' r - r tt rrr i \7ir n rr '? ' Will you be seated again for a little time, If you please,' said Fortuna, with a calmness of demeanor also that was re markable for her, she thought, and when the time for reflection came at a later hour, 'and tell me— his child — what is the object of your visit ?'' *' I cannot do that without your father's consent, Miss Yanderspur, and even with it I should be reluctant to Inform you ' ' My father has no secrets from me.' 'Indeed!' he said wonderlngly, almoBt dlBtrustfally. 'To-day — so late even aa today — I have heard all his history. He has con cealed nothing from me. I had been brought up in Ignorance of his life — It haB been a secret ; at his wish most rigorously kept from me, but I have heard the truth to-day. And I am not dismayed.' ' You are a brave girl,' Mr. Marney said. ?' I am hla daughter, that ia all,' she answered almost scornfully. ' But still brave.' ' I would rather you did not speak like that to me,' Fortuna said, with a warning flash in her great dark eyes, ' you have no right.' ' I beg your pardon,' Mr. Mamey said In a low tone, ' I was too familiar In my address, but I have known you many years.' ' How Is that possible V 'Years ago— I knew you when you were a little child. Your health was delicate, and your father] and mother, who was the dearest friend that I have ever had, were afraid that you would die. So,' he said, 'Fortuna Yanderspur la not a Btranger to me.' He bowed his head as if In apology again, and Fortuna was appeased by his humility, if still distrustful of it and him, ' 1 do not remember you at all,' she said. ' Why should you ?' ?? As I have said, my father has no seer eta from me,' Fortuna continued, without heeding a question which scarcely required an answer, if one could have been even given to it thus quickly ; ' he and I, from this day forth, are one la thought, la trial, In life, and in love. He, as you see, Is very weak and very 111, and you will spare him all you can ?' ' Certainly,' was the low response, and with two deep grey eyes still watching every movement cf her lips. 'I have come from Africa to spare him,' ' You have been free all this while,' she said scornfully again, 'whilst my father haB been in prison — and Imprison ment has destroyed bis health and nerve,' 'I would have taken his place if — ' then Mr, Marney checked the Impulse to continue and added — ' Pray go on Miss Yenderspur. I Interrupt you,' ' Heaven knows why you have sought my father out when It would have been more charitable to keep away !' she said. Mr, Marney shook hla head, bub he did not answer her again. He turned, on the contrary, to her father, ' You have no secrets from her, aha tells me,' he said. ' No secrets whatever,' came the feeble answer back. 'And that la God's truth, Richard Yanderspur?' was asked sternly In his ear. Mr. Yanderspur's movement of the head might have been taken for an assent to thia, but it was a faint Inclination bhat Mr. Marney did not trust. 'After all, then, the ground Is clear before us, and we need not fear to tread— lam very glad,' he said; 'for I am saved much embarrassment by your father's frankness. Therefore, If you, Miss Yanderspur, think with him that ib would be better to Bpeak out all that is In my mind at once I am prepared to do so.' ' Yes,' replied the daughter, ' It would be better after all.' ' Very well. Then ? ' But Air. Yanderapur turned, leaned forward, and clutched his old partner eagerly by the arm. ' For God's sake, Marney,' he cried, In a shrill falsetto of alarm, 'for the old time's sake — for all our sakes — don't say another word. She does not know 1' (To be continued.) 