A FREE MARKET. The literal meaning of the word "Fair" in its commercial sense, is a "free market." In other words, a "fair" means a market at which all and every may purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell without any such disabilities as attach to ordinary mar- kets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the social and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker intercommuni- cation which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed conditions of the national life. Here in Australia, fairs are unknown. In- deed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-ahead colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few pro- vincial folk in the old country are accus- tomed. This, however, is a necessity, fol- lowing upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was ac- complished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could pos- sibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred- fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days'' which senti- mentalists are continually regretting- people, by the way, who are of similar sap- less constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote:- "Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as education and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gib- son's, of Smith-street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the neccessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Aus- tralia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forebears from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse - an eager desire to avail them- selves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give plea- sure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more con- tented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur- chased his suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct his bride is filled with a sense of importance and re- sponsibility, to which hitherto during his shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out-flux of visitors to the show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calculation of the originators themselves. We do not sup- pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplating the establishment of these fairs, took into reckoning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honorable enterprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when they reckon their profits, may, if they please add to them the important, though intangible balance of an increased popular content- ment. There is another lesson to learn from these facts, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great es- tablishment is governed, are even as the laws a of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system \- result of long experience - and large busi- ness experience, controls every detail of the business, so that matters go on like machi- nery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220 feet to Smith-street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford- street of 200 feet. The great show rooms, filled with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters taste again some slight flavor of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespeare's authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of departed fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People - ladies in particular - who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fairs, and if they, having done so, do not experience a sensation as of one who has has beheld a new revela- tion, all we can say is that they must be very blase and played out. For such people there is but one resource - patent - medicines. -[ADVT.) A poll-tax- Money invested in wigs. Cloak-room attendant to countryman: ''You will have to leave your umbrella here." "What for?" "Because it doesn't rain in the picture gallery."' 