Art & Literature- A bovhtrophedon inscription i ono that reads alternately from left tu rijrhtnnd from nrht to loft, and is so callHi from the cuar=c tukon by oxer, in ploughiiiy a field— up one furrow and dawn tin.- next. tho tiermuu.s Kfcldum succeed with tho supernatural. Tiit'ir ghoste are tm- moral ; tley swim about in dee-in? of pbuitudi.'. Tnuv have an allegorical h-ibir. They u41- luiguago too pompous and stilted. — Jiniin Xnr. fiir win Arnold think that to write simple English well .» man -huuid unoiv at loati. a? many lsiagUigOs a? he hinuclf do<-8- cight or nine— lucluiing 1'uRlitoo, wo hope. It was thus tlnit Walton, ilookcr, Butler, Scott, Gobbet, Thackeray, and others learned to write with simplicity and like tho Daily Tuityraj'h. — Saturday lunac. Tnu author of booths' llaby was r. thorough bid lot at ' school,' she informs tho world, and, xvhati? wora?, 4 I found ni " - self pradusdly slipping iito tUe llhodn Broughtsn school.' Tne Lid)' may make herself quite happy : she a us not slippM herself liile anv kjud of rivalry with .XLifri Brougiiton. — Saturday Jlnwc. To tholiistorian fact ii a thiug for its? f, it issxerrd, it dominate? nil tasc. Tu the novtlist luct ia ouly s? u help lowards the dh-"pLiy '-'f possi.ui . h-.i dots not d-.-lihcrarely falsify f set, but fact— mere fact— ha? uu amicfry for him, unl he would u thousand limcH rather outrage all the ixiadaits of lilstory thin belie one impulse of the humsu heart, — 7 all Caiiit. Mr. oloriey, as lii.s keenest enemy will gladly admit, has a style whieh is all hi? uwn. I: ii vigorous in A poaderous way ; it rices now and then in hi a kind of gloomy t-ioquenoe ; Dut lis ornuanec is not uituu- ing to those who arc not Gudstonitc jour- naiiitt. For instanuc, 'It if no doubt the worst kiud of cynicism to make a mock in a realituovoia of any personality that has set in motion the id.ea!i«un.g thuumaturgy of the atlectioLS ' With such sentences Mr. M'or- ley'fl pages are 4 brilliant' iudeed : bo that if he would bid us honour ojt father and mother ho must enjoin u not to murder ' all the sweetnesses of filial pieiy in an ag gressive eristic.' It tnay be 4 brillmnt,' but ib it English r lli? essays teem with such jewels ot diction as cosiiioraiiiic, cosraopoii- tical, psychagogic, misology, thauioaturgic, po&icimy;, furiuulistic ; they ure endowed with a mysterious beauty to th ; g-nei il by sctsds and tag? of Litia aud Greek.— Obn'rw. The House of Cummou ii recruited more and more evety day by men who, it e-cuio accident called ttien. to be C.ibiuet Mmis- ters aud head of gT'-at departments, would discharge the duties of their otlicv very crcdiiahly. They are man like Mr. W. 11- Goiith from the trade, Mc.Gjsuhea from the City, Mr. John Morley from literature, and Mr. II. Fowler from a solicitor's office. — GanlewpGTury Jltnctc. There is tnuch p-axkle and originality in Handel's reply to jlaurlce Greene, who had beaeeclicd Iho coiosfal hsrojuniet to examine a now anthem. The doctor's music, whetbor for church or chamber, wa rarely remark able, and thu Solo anthein upon which Handel's opinion was sought was no excep tion. It vs as arranged that the two should take coffee the next morning. Thu doctor was punctual find coffee was serve ', many topicr were discusbod but uot a word about th' anthem. Greene, eager and impatient, at lfc»-t bald, 4 About my authum — what 00 you think of it, Mr. liaudelif 4 Oh ! yos — yourantem. Ah 1 I did linkdat it wanted air.' 4 Air, oxpostulatod Greene. Yes, air : fend so I did bang it cut of d.e vinduwJ — Md'juzinr. Mr _T r.Vi t-i lf,.rl.r tu nn i-.ir i rPi'ftii liita- btlf (norauythiug else) lighily. In his own words, ho wasrearod on the ' Login" ' (J - S. MiLl's) at Oxford when ihn etar of New man had net and the gun of Mill had riaeu.' He bocame the moon of Mill, and whiio re- volvmgrpund.&at; Aay-lpi? lumiuar)- he act out, in the column of tltr1 Saturday JJcriric, on hib lifelong quest of an epigram. While he roved a yoonglladicalo'cr the dark earth he saw that the newspaper press wa? un engine 4 for keeping diacuosion at a low level,' uriri that tho modern man of lcttem corres ponded t » the ancient eopbist whose office wat to ' propagate current prejudico ' 60 for his oouutry'ti good ho bacame a journalist and & man of letters. Ho saw that Great Britain was corroded to the heart with 4 cant nnii fivul incclutnical hypocrisy ; he «iw men foramcaaaf puttilge ' making a brazen com promise with what they hcid despicable' ; ne beheld thu 4 infinitely contemptible' Bpeataaleof a minister waiting to decide whether a certain measure was desirable until nr uicovcrau vuav iv uum uin w»»u interebt and 4 tho interest? of tho bond.' And eeeing those things, he s»et himself to fpa/A men by proccpt a:.d example the virtue of anstere consistency in paUtioal life and to prepare the way for a new religion wbioh should bs clean of tho gcvmi of Ghriatianity. Oltsrver . The ignoblo am bid in which hai marred characten otlicrwise and originally nnt jg- 11 .bin; tlic wild dosirc, like that of Lear iu hUinaduof, to do somr- tliing, no matter w)iat, which shall be tho wonder of the world tho insatiable craving to bo the object , #;ven to the very verge of the grave to which every eye turns, and at wbrih every finger point, every voioc crying 'That is £0/ la astnisohic- roaa to the nitiuu as it te depraving to the pcaou on whom it has seized. — Saturday ID- Sco t is incapable of slovenly blunder ; hn was too muoh of the historian to take liber ties with dates ; aad he was i" ton fatuilmr with the manual and society of the past to perpetrate gro«s anachroniMiis as to tho socner and nurromjdiujr of hi rhtimutcrB. But »«tou Scutt not iufrtquently forgot ljiin- wli fo fur ns to inakeLirtrlioniru-rstsiIk with gmte«quc ii»co«Meno) : jm-t, in fact, tis the p et, cbron-cler. or nutujunriuu icivht have spukrii liimtulf in Hnidar tironuuituricw. Amungtha roniiy delightful scimp hug dia logues in 4 Ivauhoe,' luwnro more dolighlful than that where "Wamba ond Gurth lie Ftv tolled beneath the aprosdioir ookp of Iv- therwo'id ditiMPS'Ug Anglo-French phi- lolocy. "We poo tdter-nrds, vhou ' Codrio made his oscnpe from Torquihtono, that the jester poFAor-nod BOme 6'mps of Iraming, and wo may p»n» him his ah aro in the talk. Uul what ouu t>u more absurd thau making the S»xon swine-herd ud thruli, with bin leuthurn 'liirtaod hi iron collar, listen ap preciatively to micL refinement of language as Aldcriuaii Ox olmngiug to \kh.T, u fiery French gallant, nod Mynheer calf becoming Monsieur do Yeau f — Si; turdaij /ferine. Man i a religion? animal ; but first ho wo an animal, and thee a thinking animal, before he was religious. — FrrdmcJ: O'rcrii- ipood. 4 The Hunter and thoHauatod,' by tho cldexljonl Lytton, which fri -bteiied Mr. Thackeray whou he road it iu r largo public room iu nn hotel, wan perhaps the very brat modem tile uf witohry. It wuh not too long, eVo.rv lino told, nud it was in !';vr< ym\'!!>h a» oxitrtiag of belief as a story of Dofuo's. — Jhxihj Kttrt. TheroisFomotbiogfrightfulin being required to onio; and appaciate all literary master - piece" ; to read with eq «.il ro'ish Milton, and Dinto, and Cildernn, and Goetbu. nnd Homer, and Soott. and Yul'.airc. und TVorJu- wortb, aud Cersnutee, and Molicre. and Swift. One is irrenwihly remindod nf Mrs. Blimhar mrvn\ ing ihe infant l'.iul Domb y ' Iike a beo, ehu iuiu'iuurHi. 'ulnut to plunge into « g.-inieu uf the ebnicest fiiwers. uud ip the swinir,,' for timr. Virgil, HY.rnre, Ovid, Turetuxi. Plautus, C:crrr IS'hnt a world of houoy huvu wu berr ! And what h limited aud digestion a waited tuem . After all, tucso great tneu di 1 not invariably lort- one another, even when they hod tho chance. Goethe, fur iiiFtenro, hated Dante, nud Scott very cordially disliked him; Voltaire hai acar-t sympathy with 4 ramdiee Lost.' an Wordfi- wcrrh focussod his true alTeotiou upon the children of his own pcD. — Ailaiitit Monthly. When a man allows eirntu-m t<i reach the height which it has reached ui Mr. Stanley exhibition.? of it are 11& nuturul und as un- ron «;ci'Hi,j as in persons who have cultivated , emitte-v are graceful cjaiplimeaLs to o'Jier?.' Duiloct- writing, whethor iu proso or verse his never quite had fair play 111 England: for whilst many Fuglishmeu will tkc tin: mxiessary trouble to underrtanu thedinloct of Iv.'berl Bums and of the minor deities of Scottish Olympu, they riusc, as u rule, to j take the same piinn fo r writer in tlio popu- 1 lar >|vecb of tiieir own eountrynjan. Hence th-.- Ihiglibhnicn who writo in n dialect de liberately restricts hie audience, aud ha little chance of fiuding ucceptiiuce beyond the much oreo in hi native district, owing to the survival of the error dear to the indolent aud the half educated, that all word and phrase nnt used in theii daily newspaper are ' low ; and 4 vulgar.' Two men only in re cent times cini be said in uuy eouanicuous degree to have conquered this prejudice, and we pity the pedant who would f.iil ;to recog- mzf: iu AVilham Birnes «nu lllwin Waugli two genuine poets who feuud respectively in the j llf-cti- of Doraetohire aud Ijancuhliirc- tho fitting and appropriate inudu tor the cx- proei.in of tlio best that was iu thorn. — 