Notes on My Beat. It is wonderful how some meu thrive from a poor start, while others sink to the bottom witb every chance of distinc tion aud wealth at tbe outset of tbeir career. With the first kind nothing that would upset others, tbat would damp | tbeir ardour or cause tbem to give up their eftorts, disturbs tbem from tbeir purpose, and tbey either flourish on de feat, or rise, Phoenix-like, from tbe asbes of their former attempts. Ou the other hand many a man who commences life with every inducement to rise and every opportunity at hand to make a name for himself, slides backward, gradually giv ing up tbe ghost after tbe first check, gently declining into obscurity without a struggle. Of course it is merely a ques tion of the survival of the fittest, of tbe race for the strongest, and the ' scratch' man, by sheer determination, will over come his oppocents in spite of his handi cap where he has to meet wavering spirits. This country, with its splendid oppor tunities for all comers, naturally prove? a capifal field for individual energy to work out a great eud, aod numberless examples are to be seen all round ot men whohaveaseended from a lowlycondition toa high stan'dard in the opinion of tbeir neighbours, often ' miking bricks with out straw.' hut at the aain» time by push and 'go' outstripping their equals from tbe start. Oae very go id example of the successful man, and one who evidently understands tbat nothing «uoneeds like succe?', is our senior member, Mr. J. T. Anaear. It is not many years ago when he proposed to enter Parliament, and the afliir was at firs'- treated as a good joke ; but in spite of bitter and strong opposi tion he won bis seat, and from tbat day to this has never ceased to etudy his op portunities. Tbis is not intended as an apotbeo^is of J.T.A., for his faults are numerous euough, but at the same time be has proved himself a remarkable man. From being a public joke be has com pelled tbe public of tbis town to regard him as one of the best working members tbey ever bad. Though a strong parti zan, be bas bad the cleverness to disguise it iu frontof political foes, so much so tbat be wins votes by this extraordinary tact. There iB no denying the fact that hie education baB not been tbat of a univer sity man, but hundreds of Master of Arts could address our House who would do no more than direct derision to tbemselves, while, to the credit of Maryborough, Mr. Anoear never speaks but he is listened to with marked attention. I have it on tbe word of one who was present at the time tbat the most brilliant speech of one bril liant eveuiug at tbe Empire Club in Liondon came from Jack Annear, who poured out to peers and commoners one of those wonderfully vehement orations for which be is so noted. Wbat is Mr. Annear's secret of euccess? It is tact, perseverance, and tbe gift of talkee talkee. Tbere is not a soul in Marybo borough who can stand up at tbe Town Hall and keep a large mass of humanity at the pitch of excitement for an hour as can Mr. Annear, and tberaare few people in tbe colony who can so pour forth utter nonsense, and by tbe force of tbeir own personal vehemence persuade tbeir listeners tbat what tbey say is truth and common sense. It is bis extraordinary gift of storming tbe breacb with furious verbosity which preserves to him the poBitionof the mast prominent citizen in Maryborough. Our Minister for Public Instruction, tbe Hon. Charles Powers, has it within his reach to earn distinction and public gratitude by himself inquiring into tbe arrangements of State and Grammar Schools, and (earning whether tbe machinery is not very cumbrous com pared witb tbe general results, and also aa to whether tbe subjects taugbt are ic due proportion to yield what is most needed for tbe greatest number. He might for instance look into tbe extra ordinary formulas wbicb bave noearthly object in the world but to satisfy an exacting red-tapeism, but wbicb tbe pupil teachers have to bring out in end less and wearisome columns. Then there is the unmistakeable tendency to direct education towards a secondary object, not that of imparting general and useful imormation, but towards scholarships. It is a grand thing for this or tbat school to g' t no many scholarships, for its name is worked up constantly on the strength of such snccenes, but our public schools are intended to give a superior stamp tn our young nation generally, and by no mean' to produce pbenomenons. It is quite right tbat there should he scholar ships held out as mi inducement to study, but this end f« not always sought, the desire being in many cases to reflect kudos on the teachers and the individual school hy means of these scholarships to the uegjeci of the general tone, Ijastly, could not something be done to introduce a knowledge of contemporary events? Many a Queensland pupil who Is weil grounded In elementary education, leaves the public establishment without aDy knowledge of tbe great affaire going on outside of bis own little conimunlty. With them history is a matter so entirely of tlie past that when tbey go into tbe world there In to tbem no continuity be tween the facts tbey have read as recorded in bonks, und those actually occurring in tbe great world about tbem. It ilt. Powers would do something to improve matters in this direction ulone he would be conferring a great beuefit ou tbe rising generation. ***** No euch season as the past few mouths has been experienced for years. The Couucll will, it is t-- be hoped, make a unle ot this, aud start planting trees iu more streets, looking after tbe trees already plauted, aud filling in gaps. Oue has only to compare the trees plauted iu the town during the laat few years at the Grammar schools, where they are tali and of splendid foliage, witb the trees iu the street alongside of them, which are eparse aud stunted, to see bow a little care will produce bappy results. Eveu tbe row of trees plauted along Leunox street oft^r their unfavorable comparison, j tbe majority just struggling along, while a few near tbe station, which have been well looked after, are very flue. It is to be hoped that Alderman Htupart will take up bis old aud capital tree planting hobby again. ***** The Botanic Gardens committee, or trustees, or whatever tbey call tbemselves, bave got up quite a little agitation amougsl themselves over tbe question of a suitable site for tbe Mel ville memorial. It is very proper tbat such matters should be thoroughly sifted, and we do not ttiiuk tbat the trustees, Messrs. A. H. WilBon, N. E. N. Tooth, H. Palmer, and C. E. 8. Booker, could sit down in solemn conclave on public matters without feeling that tbe eye of their couutry was upon tbem, and that a panting public awaited their deci sion witb, so to speak, pin-dropping awe. There may be other gentlemen wbo bave tbe honor to serve on tbis committee, but if there is any other mortal on this globe in the .unfortanate position of being a trustee deciding this matter, be has my profound sympathy iu the awful re sponsibility before him. Of course, speaking as an ordinary mortal, tbe ques tion is capable of easy solution, but the immediate settlement of disputes is not at all witbiu tbe functions of trustees. Tbeir duties are obviously to find a matter for discussion, and then to dis agree upon it without a moment's hesita tion. Iu sucb institutions as tbe one in question, a member has only to propose that black is black to at once be encountered witb strong opposition and a seriesof amendments, resulting probably in a motiou beiug carried tbat black is as white as a red-berring. Just now, witb tbe trustees, it is not tbe important solution of the colour of black, but rBther tbe best spot on wbicb to fix tbe Melville memorial fountain. Without a doubt the place is tbe centre or thereabouts of tbe presentcircular bed as being least likely to thwarttbeextensionof roads in the future. The most sensible idea having been pro posed, it remains with the commjuplace mortal to upset what is obviously best, and so in tbis matter we have opposition to the only legitimate proposal, and pimply for tbe sake of opposition. But this is tbe special privilege of a trustee in a Star Chamber body. ***** Many will wonder what is the cause of tbis difference over such a simple matter in such an amiable corporation as the Botauic Trustees. The origin of such foolish bickering lies in tbe fact tbat they are a hole-and-corner bi.dy, upon whom tbe healthy rays of tbe Press do not directly descend. It is a singular body on tbis account aloue — as singular as that of the Grammar School Trustees Both hold cupboard meetings, and both commit tbe most egreginuB blunders ever seen, as witness tbe dis figurements now going on under the name of improvements to the Beys School. Were tbe Press to attend tbe meetings of tbis particular corporation— tbat ia the M.G.S. Trustees — tbere would be no wooden canary cages built up agaiust s fine walling such as tbat facing Sueeex-street, nor would kitchens, privies, laundrieB, backyards, school rooms, and playgrounds, be mixed up in sucb dexterous fasblca tbat iiotbiug is bidden from view, and all combine to display a sort of hotch-potch of internal domestic errmigemente. The eye of public criticism should be brought to bear upou a body who, though ttirfy may hardly believe it, are of Ibis earth, and therefore eartby and prone to mistakes. In tbe same way the Botanic Trustees are beyond tnu eye of the public, and tbe two little bodies bold their private meet ings, perform all sorts of muddle-headed errors, aud being entirely without tbe control of public criticism, absolutely spend thousands .n blunders wbicb tboee following them will have to correct by spending other thousands. Of course I this is not written to persuade the mem- ! bers of these bodieB of tbe usefulnesBof having tbeir meetings open to tbe Press This is impossible, for tbey will only see la these argument# a most undesirable curiosity, a wish to get behind tbe scenes. But tbe puhlio, whose money tbey spend, will understand that tbe Press ought to be present at these meetings to prevent tbe back-door Intrigues and noble errors wbicb Buch corporations are moat liable to. ***** Among the Books Princess Chris tian has arranged to contribute a series of illustrated articles to tbe ' Eugllxb Illustrated Magazine.' .... Of novels alone. Cbattoand Windus's yearly average is 500, out of which, perhaps, 20 are published. From these figures the proportion of successes may easily be estimated. ... In a recent letter. Professor F. Msx Muller states tbat hardly a month passes in which he does notrecelye some new proposal for a unl verral language. , . . O'/uat I-o Tol stoi', tlie famous Russian novelist and mystic, has just put the finishing touch to his new story, whicb will he published immediately, . , , Mr. Oacar Wilde Is at present engaged upon a novel which is to fulfil tho somewhat vague require ments of a seuaallonal plot and a conven tional Ireatiueut, und is to appear in Ibe first instance in the pages of one of the American monthlies. CONSTABLE X Dentist's Daiiohtb* (who bears her father approaching) : ' Oh, dear Edward, here comcs my father. II ho should fjod ug toother, we are lost. Oh, ha is coming ! You will have either to ask for my hand or — let hirn pull out a tooth for you.', 