IRovelist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND on, lady €Iictwyn-l'£ Spcctrc. BY MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XXIV,— (Continued.) Ho then rapidly sketched his visit to St, Kilda ; his falling in lovo with Bernice, their marriage, her death, nnd her repeated nppearanco to hira since her burial. At the conclusion of^ tho narrative. Chetwynd breathed heavily, hjs faco ghastly pale, his » blue eyes wild and strango in their eager ' wistfulness and yearning. ' A strange illusion,'; said Bisset placidly. 11 1 heard of a man onco who fancied himself a tea-kettle, and was only cured of the de lusion by being placed upon a hot stove. And you, my lord, believe yourself to be haunted? Tho delusion is not unprece dented. A thousand men have deemed themselves haunted. By the by, the Miss Monk you mention is your lordship's be trothed «vifo, is she not '' ' Yes. Wc aro to bo married next month,' replied Ohctwynd, gloomily. ' Ifc is desirable, then, thnt you should rid your mind of tbfs singular delusion ns early as possible' remarked Bisset, quietly. ' You havo not heard all. You think mo a monomaniac, I seo ; but listen. When my ? wife last appeared to me -the night before last— I pursued her. I bounded fitter her down the long aisles of the con servatory ; I grasped at her ; I caught her sleeve—' ' Ah I' breathed Bisset. ' And I tore from it this bit of Ince, a real tangible proof that the garments nt least were not spectral. Look J' Chetwynd took from his pocket a tiny I, packet, which, bring undone, wns found to i consist of a yellow, wrinkled, and torn ecrap of old poiut lace. Bisset and Tempest examined the laee with eager curiosity. 'This puis a new view upon the matter, my lord,' said the detective, speaking no longer in n. drawl, but in a quick, business voice.- 11 Tour spectre wns a Jiving woman. How was si e dressed ?' 11 In herbirinl rob 03— n long, white silk gofcn, cut square nt tho nrck. with frills of lace like that hiding her fair bosom, and with sleeves cut oft at the elbows and ?clgcd with lace. She has always appeared to 1110 in the same d repp.' ' Hum 1' said Mr. Bissst. ' Tins anyone clso seen this white-robed angel besides yourself, my lord ?'. 11 Miss Monk saw her, and believed her a ghost. No one else saw her. She comes nnd goes liko r. shadow. I believe her to bo q living voman. But who is sho? But that 1 know Bcrnico lo be dead— What is this mystery, Mr. Bisset? I have sent for you to probe it.' 'I should say, at first glance,' said the officer, ' that some young woman was trade ing upon her resemblance to tho late Lady Chetwynd. Ti:ero is no dor.bt, of course, that Lady Chetwynd is dead?' . 'She died in my arms, and Inv for six clays in my honee unburicd, and I 'then con signed her to the Chetwynd family vault in the Chetwynd parish church,' declared his lordship, solemnly. ' Aud yet, Mr. Bisset, lean swear. that that scrap of laee came from my wife's burial robe. * The pattern is j peculiar,' you will observe.' I 'Had lady Chetwynd much of this lace among her effccts ?' asked Bisset. 'None of that- pattem- except. upon the dress in which she was buried. TfiVgown wias mado for her in London.' '? Wc'lflook into the matter of this lace, my lord. 14 Whoever is counterfeiting the I dead Lady Chetwynd is doing so skiltully,. .without regard to trouble or expense, aud consequently with an object. What that object is we must determine. Do you know of anybody who is averse to your marriage with Miss Monk ?' 1 ? 'I do not. ? My marringc with her is re. yarded as a matter of course,' -replied Lord Chetwynd. ' I was engaged to marry iier years ago, but she broke the engagement tnent just before 1 weut away on the cruise that resulted in my marriage to Cornice. , My wife, in dying, urged mc to marry again ; and since my return, although I havo ' not ceased in ray lovo and fidelity to the dtad, I bavo ronewcdt-njy former engage ment with Miss Monk,' 11 Hum 1' said Mr. Bisset ; and somehow bo uttered tho simple ejaculation in a manner that mado it pregnant' with mean ing. , 'You must cot deem .me over curious, my lord, but as you have desired me to assist in tho solution of the mystery of Lady Chetwynd's spectre, I must risk you to.be perfectly frank with mc, hud to give nie considerable information thnt will seem, !. perhaps, to have no bearing upon the matter \- in question, I must know every member of your household, servants and all. To: 1 begin with the chief personage next to your j eelf.my'lord ; who ia Miss Monk?' The maTqnis fancied that the officer's \- questions were growing intrusive, and ho .jeplicd, coldly: :j V .SJie is my step-Bister and promised wife, '.'si /the daughter of my- mother's second J / ndj Colonel Monk,' ' .]/. pta ln India, my lord ?' I. ''A i marquis bowed with a suspicion of \ Iitiness, * | r her brother , is here, also, my j A He' is, at present. He is rending law. I VI a; Scotsby . Jc Newman, of Chancery I . ifHum I I know Scotsby k Newman,' I jl Mr, Bissot, coolly. .♦'Excellent hrm, I {Mr. Gilbert Monk is rending law with them? Thanks, my lord. And Mr. Monk, I suppose, was also born in India. I havo a partiality for India and India people. I was born in India, my father being an 'officer of tho East India Company. I was out thero during my first ten years, ami I've been back since attaining my man hood. I suppose I know as mucTi of India and tho natives ns any nam of my ago living. The enrringo rolled on through the vil Inge and up tho hill beyond, entering the ebndows of tho park, and soon reached tbo bouse. The young marquis conducted his guest,. Mr. Tempest, nnd the detective, Mr. Bisset, to the library. Hero his lor.lship, at IJir-set's request, recapitulated the story of Lady Chetwynd's spectra nnd the facts connected with its repeated appearances, submitting io bo cross examined even to the minuJeist de tails, Tho danily-likc officer dropped his little aJTeetations of eyc-jjasa r.nd drawl, and listened with a keen' interest, an I ex hibited a cool, calm judgment, n clear per ception, and mi neu'.enes3 nnd shrewdness that raised Lord Oiietwynd to revoko his earlier opinion of him, and to rcspcct and have faith in bim. 'I am to 'pass ns your guest, my lord, equally wish your actual guest Llr. Tem pest,' said the tllicer, when Chetwynd had given all the information in his power. v-J.Iow many people in your house, my lord, know mc in mv true character?' ?'Only Miss' Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tem pest, and myself,' was the response. ' The housekeeper, butler and under servants, of couise, are in ignorance of you? business here, of your name, even. They ha7e been told that I expcct a guest.' ' Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr. Monk knew mo only a3 your guest,' said tho ofiieer, **Men of 1117 profession like to work in secret. Most ladies have a maid or confidential attendant to whou: they impart a good share of their secrete, and these maids aro sieves, for the most part. But to return to business. Will you take me to your conservatory, drawing room, nnd music-room, and point out the exact spots at which the spectre — wc will call your visitor a spectre for the present, my lord— appeared to your lordship?' : Chetwynd assented, and asked Tempest if he would accompany them, ' If you please,' said the great explorer. Ho leu Tempest and the olliccr to the drawing and music rooms, and pointed out tho spots where Bernice had first, and last appeared — how she had escaped the pursuit, running down the aisle of the conservatory, and out at the open door. Mr. Bisset went over the ground carefully, and then said : ' My lord, I will undertake the solution of this mystery, but I desire you to leave the whole matter in my hands. Permit mo to come nnd go about tho house at will, to question your servants, and have a night key to one of your outer doors, nnd to com port myself in nil respects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family.' ' Your may make your own terms, Mr. Bisset,' said tho marquis. 'I resign the management of the matter into youi hands.' Ilia lordship showed his guests their rooms, and n littlo later luncheon was annauueed. Miss Monk did not appear at table, but Gilbert came in, boyish of aspect, with a jovial smile on his swarthy face, nnd a great affectation of light headedness in bio manner. Chetwynd introduced hia step- brother to his distinguished guest, and lo the de tective officer; Monk greeted them cour teously, Mr. Birset had resumed his drawl and the 1 use of his eye glass. He appeared to Monk ! a mere daiuly,' whose skill in his profession I was a matter of doubt, and Monk conceived | a great contempt for him. I ' Of course, Mr. Bisset,' said Monk, at 1 an early pause in the conversation, sneaking with a slight tinge of superiority* in his manner, ns to a social inferior, ' you have heard all about Lady Chetwynd's spectre? You arc the gentleman from Scotland Yard, f take it, a3 Mr. Tempest is welt known to everybody, by name at least, ns the great traveller and explorer. Chetwynd Park, although one of the grand* st residences in England, has hitherto lacked that crowning charm—an authentic ghest. The deficiency anpears (0 be supplied at last, anil the Park may fairly be said to be haunted 1 ' The fiippincy of this address, and the oft hand illusion to Lady Chctwycd, whoso' name the m.vquis could not yet bear with out pain, surprised and disgusted Monk's listeners. He had meant to seem boyish nnd thoughtless, but he had in realityappearcd coarse ami heartless. '? p.jrhnns 3*011 can give mc some informa tion, Mr. Monk,' said the dctcctivc. quietly. ' Lird Chetwynd tells mo that you were standing in the doorway c.f the conservator}' looking out upon the garden upon the first night of the spectre's appearance, Mr. Monk, and jet you say ycu saw nothing of her.' 'Nothing whatever.' Just then the butler opened the door, and came, in with a yellow envelope upon tho salver, which he presented to Mr. Monk, saying, apologetically : ' A telegram, sir, which a mounted mes senger has just brought over from East bourne, and says is to be delivered, immc diate, sir.' Monk to-)k up the envelope and tore it [ opeu. j It was dated at London that very morn- ; I ing, and had been delivered with commend 1 ablo promptness. It was brief, containing these words: ' The runaway client has turned up. No harm has been done. All is woll. The ^client will beheld until you come. You can ! take your uivT.'iftr.?*-.- client not being well, cannot he removed under a week, and iu the meantime you can feel assured that | all is safe. | 'Scotsby & Newman.' '| Monk read tho message twicc. It was ! from Flack, his trusted confederate, as he 1 well knew. The form of the message he had | himself dictated beforehand, in view of this j emergency. Ho comprehended its menning, I Bernice was safe in the bands of Flack and ! Mrs. Crowl. I An evil j -y and exultation flamed up! into his swarthy face, and an evil plcntn j lighted np his small, black eyes. Srvfol : Safe! lie could defy old llagcc and lior | haired of Ladv Chetwynd now. lie could 1 defy Bisset and all Scotland Yard. Beinice and his sccret were safe I j .(Mining himself by an effort, he said to 1 the butler: *1 . 'There's no answer. Here 'a a half- 1 sovereign for tho messenger. Rend him to the'Cbetwynd inn to bait his horse, and tell him to have the bill charged to me. That's all,' lie gavo tho butler a gold piece, and that functionary departed. Then for the third time Monk read his letter exultantly. He looked up at last with a sense of uneasiness, to find Bisset looking carclessly toward bim. . 'Have you good news, Gilbert ?' asked Lord Chetwynd, ' ' ' Excellent news, my lord. It's a tele gram from'. Scotsby & Newman, and on business, too. It announces simply that a little speculation 1 entered into n while sinco has turned out a succcss. And of course I'm rejoiced. One so impecunious as I am can afford to laugh even at small suc cesses.' * Monkcrumplcd up his telegram, thrust it, in his pocket, nnd then gave himself up to a' few.' minutes' meditation. Ho did not deem it wise to proceed im mediately to London,' He desired lo watch the movements of the detective officer, nnd ?todivert him, if possible, from any approach to the tiuth, lie feared that bis departure on tho very day of Bisaet's arrival might draw the attention of the officer upon him self, As Bcrnico was safo in tho hands ot his allies, and not wOl enough to be removed to M?.wr Castle, ho could afford to wait a week before going on lo seo her. He felt it necessary to communicate with Flack anil Mrs. Crowl immediately, and aa secretly as possible. Accordingly, dircctly after luncheon, he went to his own room to write a letter to bis ton federates. Bissof. cxcuscd biraswf, and wandered away by himself. Lord Chetwynd ordered out, a p.Jr of thoroughbreds, and with Teinpost went out for a awift gallop through the park and over the eat, ate. Some two hours afterward Chetwynd and Tempest rodeHlowly through the village cf Chetwynd. by. J?t?n, ar.d ascended the hill that led lo the park. In advance of them a slender, gentlemanly figure was walking slowly, twirling in or.o gloved hand it small erne, or walking-stick, and smoking n cigar, ' It is Mr. Bisset, 'paid Tempest, ' He'c been down to the village.' ' What can he hope to discover by a visit at the village inn ?' said Chetwynd. ' Uo knows his own business, I suppose, how ever. 1 fancy that foppishness of his is a runsk ho likes to wear because bis real nature, which he hides beneath it, is so different*' At this moment Bisset, who was still in advance of the riders, paused r.t the Bmnll lower gate of the park, and looked in, Gil bert Monk was in the very act of opening the gate, having a letter in l«ia hand, which ho was conveying to Chetwynd himself, instead of intrusting it, as was customary, to tho butler and the post bag. Bisset stepped bank, raising his hat to Monk, who thrust hia letter in his pocket and came out, securing the gate 'behiud him. At this juncture Lord Cbctwyud and Mr, Tempest catao up, and reined in their horses, 1 'I sco that you havo been over to Chetwynd, Mr. Bisset,' said the marquis, ' I fear I did not make it plain to you that the mystery of'tbc spectre is known to but a very few, and no one outsido the Park, ex cepting Doctor llartrigbt, of Eastbourne, the Chetwynd rector, and my bailifl. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village.' ' I beg leave to differ with your lord ship,' said Bisset, respectfully. 'I have obtained light upon tho mystery even in tho village.' The three gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. ' I'm _ afraid you'vo permitted yourself to be imposed . upon, sir,' said Monk, with a sneer. You would do belter to concent.rato your attentions upon tho house maids.' Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. lie raised his hat, and moving aside out or Monk's path, passed on. Monk went his way toward the village, and Chetwynd nnd Tempest cantered- on toward 'tho Park, There was a strange smile on the Dun dreary faco of the dctcctivc officer as ho daintily picked his way, and proceeded slowly in the direction the maiquis and the explorer had gono. ' How Mr. Monk does despise me, to be sure,' ho said to himself. ' lie thinks mo a fop cf the first water, a regular swell, you know. But about this mystery — my in terest in it grows upon mc. 1 have.not lost rime since I came ; of that I'm certain, ^ud 1 think I've gained something like a clue that will lead mc to success. Tom Bisset isn't in his dotage yet.' Whistling softly to himself, ho passed in at the lodge gates and sauntered slowly up the avenue toward the mansion. Miss Monk was walking to nnd fro on tho marble terrace, as was her daily custom. Bisset suspected her identity nt once, nnd stepping back into a deeper shadow caused by the tree she stopped to regard her, CHAPTER XXV. A VEXATIOUS INTRUDER, Entirely unconscious of the keen regards of tbe dctcctivc officer, Miss Monk * con tinued to walk to and fro upon tho marble tcrrncc, in tho shadow cast by tho great house. Miss Monk was not happy. A haunting dread brooded upon her Ko.d by night and day. Never for one moment did she foci sate. And now her disquiet was increased by thoughts of the new arrivals at Chet wynd Park, and more particularly of the detective cfiicer. ' If it were not that Bernice lives and is at tho Park— where else can she bo? — I could defy even him,' sho thought. 'Does Gilbert mean to let this dctcctivc spy out his sccret nnd Lady -Ghctwynd's identity? I suppose ho is not used to dine nt a gentle man's table, and I shall fairly dazzlo him with my beauty and splendor, I think I may as well be civil to the fellow, although I wonder at Roy's democratic way in treat ing him as a guest, I should like to meet tho fellow before dinner, and before this great explorer, Tempest, appears, to claim my chief attention.' Fortune, as usual, seemed inclined to favor Miss Monk, Tho dctcctivc officer, having studied the lady from afar sufficiently, now emerged from tho shadow of the avenue limes and approached the terrace at an easy, saunter ing pace, swinging his JighK gold-mounted walking stick in ono globed hand, and twirling the curled ends cf his scented moustacho intthc other. lie wore hia gold framed cycglnese?, his tall silk hat, a dainty blue scarf with a huge diamond glittering upon it like a rain drop in the sunshine, and .his fashionably made. garments were worn with the air of a Regent-street 'swell.' This the detective I Miss Monk knew in stinctively that ho wns the detective, and not Mr. Tempest or a clmncc visitor, and her lips curled in a contempt , as strong and keen as Gilbert Monk cnt'crt^lucd for him. 'He a dctectivol' she said to ^^kdf. 'He's a doll— a mere figurehead, in^^k with himself. Or he's an amateur, BcntT^ try his hand here and to learn bis business.' A child could hoodwink him 1' Still with that contemptuous smile on her face, Mies Monk continued her slow walk.- - , Mr. Bisset came up, meeting her squarely, and so nrrrstcd her steps, while ho raised l-is hat, and mado her a Chestcrficldian bow. ' I have tbo pleasure and honor of ad dressing Miss Monk, I believe,' said ihe detective, in his courtly manner, with n fashionable drawl, Miss Monk drew herself up super ciliously, and eyed him with a haughty stare. 'I am Miss Monk,' sho said, coldly. ' You have tho advantage of mo, air. I do. not know who you arc.' Mr. Bisset appeared in no way abashed at this repulse. He hastened to say, suavely : ' I am Mr. Bisset, Lord Chetwynd's guest, Miss Monk.' ' The policeman V said the lady. ' Ah J I* suppose I should have said, tho detective. I'm sure I beg your pardon. You detectives arc the aristocrats of the police force, as I understand it. No one would take .you for a detective, Mr. -Bisset,' she added, more graciously.?' ' You look like a gentleman.' '1 am a gcntlemsn, both by birth and breeding, Miss Monk,' said tho oflioer, quietly ; ' but, unfortunately, money docs not al ways accompany gcntlo blood. . It bccamo necessary for mo to support myself, and I' chose my present prr.fcssioh from sheer love of it, Nature intended me for my present place, and I fiud a great delight in it,' ' SlllI, you must now and then find your- I self bafilcd,'' said Mrs. Monk, graciously, yet considering tbo officer an insufferobla egotlBt. '1 suppose, now, Mr. Bisset— 10 thnt tho namo? — that iu all your profes sional experience you wero never called upon in a case similar to this 1 Until tho ' night beforo last wc havo believed Lord Chetwynd to bo a hypochondriac — the victim of a preposterouc-ilUclon ordelusion. But now, of course, wc know hira to be the dupe or prey of some designing woman, who prcsnmea upon h:.- resemblance to the late Lady Chetwynd to piny spectre. The &?ran of lace torn from tho woman's sleeve chows clearly that ifc is no Fpictre, but an actual woman. Sha may have p*irproely allowed him to catch her sleeve tho oilier night. Sho may intend to su-Ter him to clrsp'bcr form next time. People woik out lh:ir plans by slrangi ways sometimes. And Chet wynd Park is a grand prize to work for.' And Mis3 Monk's gazo turned toward f ho house, ond swepv over tho park and fields aud farni3 spreud beforo her like a picture, 'It in indeed a glorious prize,' said the detective, but hia g.-ixe dwelt upon Mifa Monk, and not upon the scenc around him. lie wan regarding her with singular and tlattering intentnefs. Sho turned her half averted face with the swiftness of a serpent, and n3 silently, and she met tho full, admiring gaze of Mr. Bisset fixed upon her. Ho did not give her time to speak, saying, in his drawling voice : ' As you arc so interested in the discovery of this mock spectre, Miss Monk, I know you will lend mc all assistance in your power in my scarch for her. Can you give mean accurate descriotion of beisclf and her dress?' ' I must refer you to Lord Chetwynd. for information in thosa points, sir. I have never rco the woman,' asserted Miss Monk, adhering to her original denial, ami with out suspicion that her brother had dc c'ared that sho had seen the supposed spcctrc, but had feared to own to the fact, lest she should strengthen Lord Chetwynd's supposed delusion. Mr. Bisset's careless eyes began to concentrate their gaze upon tho young lady. ' Pardon me,' he said 5 ' but did you not seo the supposed spectre, either on it's first or last appearance?' Miss Monk replied in the negative, 'But Mr. Monk says you did sec her,' he replied, coolly, Sylvia's faco darkened, and a savage glitter brightened her eyes. ' Did he say that I' she asked, in a hissing voicc. 11 Ho did. Ho told Lord Chetwynd that you had seen the spectre on cach occasion,' said the detective, coolly. The savage look on Miss Monk's face deepened. She treated her black head liko a serpent about to dait npon its prey. Iter breath came quick and hard, ilcr suspicion that Gilbert was playing against hci'Kccmcd to receive additional confirmation. For the moment sho hated her brother with a deadly hatred, such ns must havo onco filled tbo soul of the first murderer. Sho shivered a little, drew hercloak closer around her, and resumed her slow walk, Mr. Bisset liecpin j pace beside her. They had taVen but a turn or two when the old East Indian woman Ragec came out of tho h-u c and strided swiftly toward them, with an Indian scarf thrown across her arm, Mr. Bisset watchcd her approach Abrougb his cvo-glas.i, ' An odd person to find in prosaic Eng land, Miss Monk,' he said. ' She looks like a figure out cf the Arabian Nights.' Sho is only my old ayah, whom I brought with me from India,' said the young lady. 'Sho nursed me in my infancy, aud is de voted to mc.' Ragce eamo np at this juncture and pre sented tho scarf to her mistress, begging her to throw it over her head, icsfc she Rhouid take cald. Sylvia complied with the re quest. The Hindoo woman cast a distrust ful p.lance at tho detective officer, nnd said, in a low voicc, in tho Hindostanee tongue: ' Beware, Missy. The butler but just told mc that this is tho dctcctivc. T made an ex cuse to coinc and warn you. IIo will try to worm out of you contradictory sayings. I iikc him not. IIo is not wha\ he seems, I am afraid of him.' Miss Monk laughed, nnd the Hindoo woman reluctantly retired. There wns a cloud on her dusky brow, and an anxious look in her eyes, as sho retreated to tho honsu. Some instinct warned her thnt this fair, foppish litLlc fellow, with his affectations, hi a rye ; glass, and his drawling accent, wa3 mere* lo ; be feared than any other, j 'My ayah is a good old soul,' said Miss Monk, in 'English, addressing Mr. Bisset, j 'but she soems to think mc 'a delicate in , valid who must bo cosseted continually. Sho | apeaka. little English, but usually addresses mc in her own tongue. The IlindoBtancc is as sweet and mellifluous as honeywl wine. All she had to say to mc wns, that I must guard against this insidious sea breeze, and to remind mc of an illnes3itoncc caused me, but you beard how the words rolled oil her tongue iu music. Ah, tbo Ilindoslnnec is sweet to my ears. Its words wero the first my baby tongue lisped, nnd I suppose I shnll speak it Inst of nil.' Sho sighed sentimentally, and her eyes gazed full into the detective's face. 'The Hindostanee tongue is mellifluous, ns you say, Miss Monk,' he remarked. 'I like it. Tho Hindostanee was the first language I ever spoke, for, like you, I was born In India, bad a native nurse, nnd my mother died in my first year of my life.'1 Miss Monk's dark face paled. 'You — you understand Hindostanee, then ?' she said. 'Very well indeed,' answered tho officer, coolly. 'I lived in India until I was ten years old, Ou reaching my majority I went back to look after some property left me by my father, and 1 remained there some five years, studying the language and the people.' Mis3 Monk listened to this relevation in a dead silcnce. She comprehended that the officer had heard and understood llagce's warning words, and anger aud fear struggled together in her breast for the mastery. ' I must say,' she declared, after a pause, 'that your conduct in listening to my ayah's private communication to uio is what 1 | conBiderjhohorable.' \ 'I might 'retoil thi»* isf no^WnsuJPltfd i good- breeding to use a foreign language be- ' fore pioplo who are believed not to under- ; stand it,' said tho dctcctivc', good humoredly, ' But, Miss Monk, no advan tage will bo taken of your- ayah's warning against me. Her words aro of littlo consc sequence cither way. I had come to several conclusions before she appeared, aud her words did not nffect those conclusions. Par don me for having intruded upon you for so long a time, and accept my thanks for the assistance you have rendered inc. I will now join Lord Chetwynd and his dis tincuished guest ' Ho raised his hat again with languid grace, walked away toward the house, and mado his way to the grand old library. Lord Chetwynd and Mr, Tempest wero seated at one of the tables poring over map3 of China and Tartary. They looked up at Bisset's entrance, . ' Come in, Mr. Bisset,' caid tbo marquis, with tho courtesy that distinguished him. ? m I have not now come to interrupt your visit with Mr. Tempest, but to nsk you to place a saddle- horse at my disposal. I desire to absent myself' upon this business for some hours. I may not be back until to nlorrow morning.' 'Take your own time, Mr. Bisset,' re sponded the marquis. 'Come and goat pleasure. Hero is a night-key which you requested. I shall order one of my favorite horses to be Baddlcd immediately, aud it 8b»ll be yours while you stay here,' Lord Chetwynd rang the bell and gave tbe | requisite order, Mr. Bisset waited until a servant announced that the hor^c was in waiting, and then took his leave, mounted, and rode downthoavenue just as Miss Monk upproached the houso. He raised his hat to her respectfully, and rode on. In a few minutes ho had paused out of tho lodge gates, and was on bis way to the village of Chetwynd- by-Sen, Mr. Uissct did not stop many minutes at the village, IIo rodo into tho inn stable yard, and had a brief interview with a stable l.oy, nnd then jode out ngnin and pushed on to Eastbourne. He had secun-l the ad drcrsof tho flyman who had brought Bernieo over to Chetwynd village, upon her last visit, to the Park. On nrriving nt East bourne besought out this flyman, lie found the man communicative. Iu reply lo bis close questions ho learned that a young veiled lady had hired the fly in question on the previous Thursday night, on the orriv? \ of the down express. She had arrived r )? that train. The driver bad not Fcen her faco.^ She waa slender, ft mere slip a girl, in fact, v ith a sweet low voice, a grnco* ful step, and a gentle, refined manner. Tho flyman was ready to swear that she was a lady. She hired him to take her to Jhct wynd-by sea, and wait for her there two hours, agreeing to return with him. He was not a man to task his beast for so long a drive at night without getting a double fare. Ite drove tho lady to Chetwynd vil lage. At U15 top of the street sho had got out, bidding him drive on to the inn and wnit for hor there. That wns the last he had seen of her, ' They say sho meant to givo you the slip,' said Bisset, art fully ; ' that sho is a farmer's daughter living out Chetwynd wav, and offered you tbe return fare as a lint* » ' She's no farmor's daughter,' said tho fly man, doggedly. 44 I'll swear to that. Why, she carried herself as proud a3 a queen. You could eec she was used to servants. And she didn't offer 111c the return fare as a bait neither. She waa a truo lady, above lying, I'll bo bound.' No furthsr information was to be obtained from the flyman, but Mr. Bisset did not ap pear dissatisfied. He. gave the man another shilling, aud said : ' What's the next station that the express slops at?' The flyman informed him, and the officer rode away, striking out briskly over the pleasant Sussex road on his way to Nuns gate, In less than an hour ho rode up to the littlo country station at which Bernice had booked herself for London. A train was cxpected presently, and the ticket agent sat in bis ofilco at the open window. Mr. BisscL left his. horse in charge of a lounger, and then went up to tbu ticket agent. ' Where to, sir?' said the agent, briskly, as tho detective's face darkened the win dow. 'Nowhere ir particular,' replied tho of ficer, good-naturedly, ' Have a cigar, sir? I wish to tako tho liberty to make an in quiry which you may he able to answer. Yesterday morning a young lady went up to Londo.i alonn by train, nnd I am uneasy about Micr. To tell you the truth, sir, she went away quite secrctly. Did sho 1:0 from this station?— n young lady drissed in gray, with a doubted gray veil, and a grey hat aua feather.' Tho ticket agent accepted the cigar, and responded : 'There was such a young lady at this station early yesterday morning, sir. I did not see her face, it being hidden by the veil. She seemed to mc as if she had walked long, and wns tired out. She went up first cla«s, ladies' coach, to London. Was it a runaway, sir?' ' Something like that,' smiled Mr, Bisset. 'Thanks. I r.m quite sathfud.' lie returned to his hors.', mounted, and set out on his return to Chetwynd Park. ' My business is concluded sooner than I cxpceicd,' he mused. *? I shall be bnck in time to dri-83 for dinner. My excursion has been a success. The ?spectre' went up to London. ?First-class.' A lady evidently. 1 Ladies coach.' Mcdc-st, I should say,' and the dctcctivc smiled, JTc returned to Chetwynd Park, arriving in lime to dress for dinner. Faultlessly equipped in dross coat, white cravat, em broidered shirt front and fine, jewels, and wearing his eye-glass, he descended to tho; drawing-room. ! After dinner the party returned to the j drawing-room. Coffee was drank. Miss 1 Monk played a brilliant operatic composi tion, and sang also. Mr. Tempest was in duced to rehearse some of his adventures in foreign climes. The evening slipped away pleasantly. At eleven o'clock Miss Monk re tired, and soon after Gilbert Monk, yawning over a f-tory of life and adventure, and as anxious for an interview with his sister as sho was anxious for ^ nn interview with him, also Baid good'night and re tired. : Mr. Tempest nroso lo follow their ex-' ample, ?? Be good enough to remain a few moments, sir,' said tho detective, quietly, ' 1 have something to say to Lord Chetwynd, nnd I believe bis lordship has admitted you; Mr. Tempest, into his csunscla.' Lord Chetwynd assented, Bisset went to the door, walking upon his toes, and listened. He loeked the door nnd re turned, ?' I have ascertained, my lord,' hc-eaid, in a business manner, that tho 'spectre' of Chetwynd Park arrived from London, at Ifinalbourno, on 1 uestiay nigur, feno drove over to Chetwynd -by-Sea in n flyj promising to go back some two hours later in tho same vnbtele. Becoming frightened nt her nc'nr discovery by your lordship, she did not fco back in the' fly, but wnlked to Nunsgate, where she took, yesterday morning, the up express for London. She was alone through out, hnving no confederates. She is yourtg, well-bred, a lady, and wns dressed iu gray, and wore a double veil of gray grena dine.' v ! Lord Chetwynd and Mr. Tempest wer.c alike surprised ot this store of information, gained in such a Bhort period, 1 ' I havo reason to believe that the young lady has a den in this house, orconfede/ rates,' continued Mr. Bis3et. 'For reasons of my own, 1 incline to the former theory. I believe that this * spectre,' docs not cany to ai.d no hc*nwhito silk' grave. ' gn'-vn ^bjil leaves it hero foriieoas wanted. Slic ofr tainly changes her dress after her arriyal here, and before sho gocj. Tho yor.ng woman who came to Eastbourne clad in gray, and went away trom Nunsgato clad in gray, aro the same 5 and I know to my o'jvn shtis facti'on, that she is the ?spectre.' Now she must have a dressing-room somewhere. .- She knows the houso, as is proved hy her ap pearance in your lordship's room. Sue would naturally havo her dressing-room in this house, and as lonely a room ns could be obtained. I desire to examine the garrets, my lord, and to bo accompanied by your lordship and Mr. Tempest only. Can wc go up to them unseen?' Chetwynd replied in tho affirmative, rang for tho butler, an'd ordered candles,' which wero brought and placed on tbo hall table. ? . . i ' We will go now, if you choose, Mr. Bis set,' said tho marquis. ' The house is still. I am impatient to learn if your theory. is cbrrcct in every point, and also to examine the white robe, if it be in the house, I shall know if it bo tho ono my wife wore, if wc really find it. Come.' Ho brought in tho candles nnd lighted them. Then he led tho way up -by private stairs to tho garrets, Mr. Tempest'nnd Mr. Bisset following- him. Both his lordshin and tho explorer wero anxious, trembling, \ excited, but BUsct was calm and unmoved, ns ono who marches on to a certain victory.— (To h Continued) 