Art & Literature- I am afraid that writing to newspapers has a deteriorating influence on style. People get violent, and abusive, and Iobo all sense of Tironortion. when they . enter that. curious journalistic arena iu whioh the race is always to the noisiest. — Oscar Wilde. "What are the present relations between King Oscar of Sweden and the poet Bjorn- son ? The King was once reported to have said there was not one of the Ten Command- ments which, the poet had not ( broken. The extreme improbability of this rumour did not prevent Bjornson from challenging King Osear to a duel. The duel is not one of the prerogatives of crowned heads, so the fiery poet had to cool his ardour in exile for a while. — Speaker. It i3 easy to sneer at T. W. . Robertson s best works. Those, however, who recall the series of plays beginning /with ' Society and ending with'M.P.,' which between 1865 and 1877 he gave to thj London Prince .of Wales's Theatre, will nave little. . disposition to juieh exercise. Whatever might be defects of Robertson's style, the. whole was pure, healthy, and viiile. Coining after a period of dramatic darkness, his plays heralded, if roey did not create, the taste for histrionic, entertainments which is one of the most striking signsj of the times. The new style of kcting and stage management which (they ! brought with them, and . fpr which Robertson was! largely responsible, counted) for much in thei favourable reaction which set iu. It ii at ldf'ftc rtainthat each successive production of. Rjbert son's at that theatre was watched "with an interest and a certainty of delight that have since beep rarely encountered. .Under the spoil, of pieees such as 4 Oars' and 4 Castle', a free- masonary was established among the tirit- night public, aud _&trangers; who met, each other on ihose occasions only overcame the shynoss and reticence of the Briton, and contracted a snecies of intimacy of sympathy! — Atuerucum. In England, 'general conversation, once so popular, is almost a distinct art. The greater the houte, the duller. the company. People niurmur iuto each other's ears when they speak at a il, while .every dialogue at a dinner party resolves itself into a tete-ci'tete. — St. Jamcss Gazette. . Aberdeen was for several centuries thejmost artistic town iu Scotland. The so-called portrait of William tbe Lion, preserved in Trinity Hall, and the portrait of Bishop Elphiu8ton, in King's. College, are the two earliest existing Scotch pictures, though the painters of them may not have been Scotch men. Aberdeen stood in close commercial relation with tbe northern Continental ports, and especially with Bruges. Hence the lees successful Flemish artists may have been tempted now; and again to come over and try tbeir fortune in the Scotch city. — Satu.r dag Review. Mr. J. A. Symonds is essentially a critic. But criticism, for him, is not mere dilet tantism. ' Criticism,' he tells us, ' is not caprice, not personal proclivity, not parti cular taste, but a steady comprehension of the whole.' In default of any better rule he adopts Goethe's — ' Im Ganzen, Gnten' Scboncu, resolut zu leben.' How. to grasp tbe whole, how to attain to ' a point of view from which all manifestations should appear correlated, should fall iuto their proper places as parts of a complex organism'- — that is the problem he fain would solve. The old religious creeds of mankind do not command Mr, Symondh's allegiance. Doubtless,! be v/ould say with Goethe that tho man who |hns gcience and art has religion, — Speaker, The business of editing is drudgery, Jlbttfc yearn of it are brightened tor tbo whole term of life when the drudge finds his hand in that of mme unknown g'-niue, with the privilege ot leading him oufcinto tbe fight,— Heels Observer. ''.One wants, in a imk that i»; to be fit for a knapack, great agility in hughter and team, not without a eeftain mad want of balance ; and that is why 'Tristram tthatidv' never comes amiss. Walton is much j/raised, and is excellent for Cockneys ; Montaigne has de votees ; so has Hums ; and ovet Hhake' speate'a comedies there is no dispute. Of modern companions, Richard Jeff cries wotdd f take many votes ; and Jtobert Louis Bteven- son's ' Virginibtis Beerisqae,' with the essays that follow it, may well be learned by heart on a voyage. 'T bureau is good, but not uniformly, being apt toirri'ate. Yon cannot beat Walt Whitman under a serene sky. — - Speaker. The energy of Mr, Robert Buchanan is one of tbe marvels of tbe a ie. Ir might be supposed that the business of making ploys by the dozen was snflfcient employment for any genius ; but Mr.TBgchanan 'finds time to favour tbe world, though the columns of the Daily Telegraph, with bis profou nd re flections on all manner of subjects. Stu pendous thoughts rush through hi3 brain like a mill-stream, and he pauses in the middle of his comedy, or melodrama, or classic f-ntasy, or wha'eyer roay be the brilliant piece of dramatic work he has in hand at the moment, in order to refresh a . thirsty world wito his ideas of Calvinism, the execution 6f Kemmler, the suppreaion of the ' Kreutzer Sonata' in America, ' the catarrhine ape,' ' the bolts of Zeus,' ' Mr. Edison's bottled thunder,' ' he ,pecnl:arity or tho Taeton,' ' the mean processes of the Unconscious,' tiic periect ireeaom oi moral evolution ana many other things of equal maguitude and coherence.- — Speaker. ; The time of George the Second was a com fortable time. If there was discontent, it wa3 in the individual, not in the air ; sporadic not epidemic. Responsibility for the universe had not yet been mvented.- -J. J'. Lowell. Some of the older members of the flute family bave disappeared, the 1 recorder to wit, which the Prince of Denmark so very properly smashed, and th6 huge '. pilgrims' staff,' six feet long. Hamlet's action in the famous scene ieferred to was thoroughly characteristic of his nervous and sensitive temperament. He was downright weary of the boring company of Rosencrantz and Guildeustern, and his mocking suggestion to these intolerable gentlemen that they should ' govern the vantages and fiuger the stops was clearly ' meant sarcastic,' as who should say, 4 As you are really bent on worrying my life out, why don't you play the flute" at once and have done with it ? We rather decline to the opinion that he discerne I signs of yielding to his peevish request on the part of the obsequious courtier, and that, as one of them reached out is hand to take the 're corder/and, so to speak, ' have a try any how,' ho broke up the terrible tubolet in a petulant burst of passion, exclaiming, ' Though you fret me, as indeed you do all through this play, I'll he made a ghost of before I let vou nlav auv mediaeval varietv of the flute to me.; ' — Telegraph. Wo do not see why those who .write books should not pay their debts as pimctully as those who make paper or manufacture paper-cutters ; nor are wo able to perceive anything so sacrosanct in art as to exonerate its devotees from the same deference to common worldly obligations that is incum bent and imposed on ordinary mortals. — Standard. 