HOW THE ZULUS FIGHT. BY 3. Rinxr HAocarG . Coneoudedfrion last week. Now the Zulus, running in the shape of a bow- so as to wrap th 'laager round oni three sides, were wlthin ssosysty yards, and now from every waggon broke tongues of lire. Over rolled a number of the Umtetswa, but the rest cared little.. Forward they sped straight to the laager, striving to force a way in. But the Boers plied them with volley after volley, and, packed as the Zulius were, the elcphanguns, loaded with slugs and snull shot did frightful execution. Olysi one snan even got on to a waggon, and as Ihe did so I saw a Boer woman strike him on thehead with an axe. He fell down, and slowly, amid howls of derision frno the two lines on the hill-side, the Zulus drew back. " Let us go, father !" shouted the soldiers onl the slope, among whom I was, to their chief, who had come up. " You have sent out the little girls to light, ani they are frightened. Let us show themi the way." " No, no !" the chief Sususa answered, lauhilng. " Wait a minute and the little girls will grow; to women, and women are good enough to fight against Boers !" The attacking Zulus heard the mockery of their fellows. and rushed forward again with a roar. But the Boers in the laager had found time to load, and they met with a warm recep tion. Reserving their fire till the Zulus were packed like sheep in a kraal, they lootel into them with tle rooers, and the warriors fell in little heaps. But I saw that the blood of the Umtetwas vas up; they did not mean to be beaten back this timue, and the end was near. See ! six men had leapt on to a waggon, slain the man behind it, and sprung into the laager. They were killed there, but others followed, and th'en I turned m head. But I could not shut my ears to the cries of rage and death, and the terrible 'gyer! S'qce! of the savages as they did their work of murder. Once only I looked up and saw poor I:ans Beortha standing on a waggon smiting down men with the butt of his riUle. Then assegais shot up towirds him like tongues of steel, and, when I looked again he was gone. I turned sick with fear and rage. But alas! what could I do ? They were all dead now, atldprobably mty own turn was coming, only my death would not be so swift. The fight was ended. and the two lines on the slose broke their order, and moved down to the laager. Presently we were there, ani a dreadful sight it was. Manty of the attacking Zulus were dead--quite fifty I should say, and at least a hundtred and fifty were wounded, some of them mortally. The chief Sususa gave an order, the dead men were picked up and piled in a heap, while those who were slightly hurt walked off to tind some one to tie up their wounds. But tle more serious cases met with a different treatment. The chief or one of his indunas considered each ease. and if it was in any way bad, the lan wats taken up and tihrown into the river which ran near. Ntone of them otfered Ray objection, though one poor fellow swam to shore again. He did not stop there long, however, for they pushed him back anud drowned hint by force. The strangest case of all was that of the chief's own brother. lie had been captain of the line, and his ankle was smashed by a bullet. Sususa came up to hun, and, having examined the wound, rated him soundly for filing in the first onslaught. The poor fellow mtade the excuse that it was not his fault, as the Boers had hit him in the first rush. His brother admitted the truth of this, and talked to him amicably. " Well," he said at length, offering him a pinch of snuff, " you cannot walk again." " o, chief," said the wounded man, looking at his ankle. " And to-morrow we must walk far," went on Sususa. "Yes, chief." " Say, then, will you sit here on the veldt, or \- "and he nodded towards the river. The man dropped his head on his breast for a minute as though in thought. Presently he lifted it and looked bususa straight in the face. "My ankle pains me, omy brother," Ihe said; " I thik I will go back to Zululand, for there is the only kraal I wish to see again, even if I creep aboutit like a snake."* " It is well, my brother," said the chief. "B Rest softly," anrd having shaken hands with him, he gave an order to one of the indunas, and turned away. Tihen men came, and, supporting the wounlded man, led hi downto to the banks of thestre:am. Here, at his request, they tied a heavy stone round his neck, and throw him into at deep pool. I saw the whole sad sceue. and the victim never even winced. It was iml)ossible not to admtire the extraordinary courtage of tile man, or to avoid being struck with the cold-blooded cruelty of his brother the chief. And vet the act was necessary from his point of view. The man musteither die swiftly, or be left to perish of starvation, for no Zulu force will encumber itself with wounded men. Years of merciess warfare had sohardened these people that tiler looked on death as nothing, and were, to do them sjustice, as willing to ineet it themselves as to nflict it on others. When this very Impi had been sentout by the Zulu King Dingaan, it consisted of some nine thousand men. Now it numbered less than three ; all the rest were dead. They, too, would probably soon be dead. What didit matter ? They lived by war to die in blh- old. It was their natural end. " Kill till you are killed." That is the motto of the Zulu soldier. It has tie merit of simplicity.' Meanwhile the warriors were looting the waggons, includini may own, havisg firsttlrown all the dead Boers rsto alteap. I looked at the heap ; all of them were there. including thile two stout fraus, poor things. But I missed one hotly, thatof the Hans Botha's daughtor, little Tota. A wild hope came into mry heart that she might have escaped; but no, it was not ' The Zulus believe that after death their spirits enter into the bodies of lrgse isseensnakes., which glide about the kraals. To kill these snakes is samerilege.--lo. possible. - I could only p...ray, that she was at rest. Just then the graet Znhi, Bou:byano, who had left my side to indulge in the ectgenial oc cupa.tion of looting, come out'of a waggon cry ing that he had got the " litlie ::ite one. .I looked; lie was tci.ryit." the.chil TldLla , grip. pillg her frock inii of 'his hugecblakhinds. ie stalked tip to where we sver, ;hild held the. child before the chief. " Is it deadl father ? he said, with aslaugh. .Now. as I could well see, the child was not dcad, but had been hidden away, and faitted with fear. The chief glanced at it carolessly, and s.id • Find out with your kerrie."' Acting on this hint the black devil held up the chilli, and was about to kill it with his knob stick. This was.more tlimn I could bear. I sprang at him antd struck him withll my force i l tshe face, little caring if I was speared or not. HIe dropped Tote on the ground. " Ou !" e said, putting his hand to his nose, " the White Spirit has a hard fist. Come, u Spirit, I will fight you for the child." The soldiers cheered and laughed. " Yes, yes !" they said, " let Bomhy'ne th;ltt the 1 Wi'Vte Spirit for the child. Let the:.t fight , with assegais." For a moment I hesitated. What chance had I anainst this black giant? But I had I promised poor Hans to save the child if I could, lcand what did it matter? - As well die now as later. However. Ihad wit enough left to make a favour of it, mid intimatecd to the chief throughl Indaba-zimbi that I was quite willing to condescend to kill Bombyaue, on condition that if I did so the chilt's life should be given to me. Indaba-zimbi interpreted clly words, but I noticed that lie would not look on ime as he spoke, but covered his face with his hands and spoke of me as " the ghost" or the " son of the spirit." For some reasou that I have never quite understood, the chief consented to the duel. I fancy it was because he believed meto be more than mortal, and was anxious to see the last of Bombyane. "Let them fight," he said. " Give them assegais and no shieldls; the child shall be to him who conlquers." "Yes! yes !" cried the soldiers. "Let them fight. Don't be afraid, IBombyce ; if he is a spirit, lie's a very small one." " I never was irightened of man or beast, and I am not goitg to runt away from at White Ghost," answered tile reddelfbtable Bombyane, as he examined the blade of his great bangwan or stabbicg assegai. Tlien time made a ring round us, gave me a simillr assoetai, and set us some ten paces apart. I kept my fi;ce as caln as I could, and tried to show no signs of fear, though in my heart I was terribly afraid. Huetutely speaking, my doom was on me. The giant warrior before me had used the assecgai from a child-I had no experi ence of tle weapon. Moreover, though l was quick and active, he must have been twice as strong as I am. However, there was no help for it, so, settilg my tetlh, I grasped the great spear, breathed a prayer, and waited. The giant stood arwhile looking at me, and, as he stood, Indaba-zismbi walked across the ring behhld me, muttering its he passed, "HKeep cool, Mlacuma.a;thu, and wait for him. I will make it all right:" As I had not the slightest intention of com mencing the fray, I thought this good advice, thoughl how Indaba-zintbi could "make it all right," I failed to see. Heavons ! how long that half- minute seemed. It happened many years ago, but the whole scene rises up before my eyes sm I write. There behind us was the blood-stained laager, and near it lay the.piles of dead; roundus was rank upon rank of plumed savages, standing in silence to wait the issue of the duel, and in the cencutre stood the grey- haired chief and geueran, Sususa, in all his war finery, a cloak of leopard skin upon his shoulders. At his feet lay the sienstless form of little Tots, to my left squatted Indab:-a-zimbi, nodding his white lock and muttering something -probably spells; while ill front cwas my giant antagonist, his spear aloft and his plumes waving inl the gentle wind. Then over all, overgrassy slope. river, and koppie, over the waggons of the laager, the piles of dead, the dense masses of the living. the swoo'ning child, over all shone the bright impartial sun, looking down like the indifferent eye of heaven upon the loveliness of n:ture and tihe cruelty of man. Down by the river grew thorns-trees, and fromn them floated the sweet scent of tile mimosa flower, and came the sound of cooing turtle doves. I never smell the one or hear ttle other without the scene ilashing into my mind again, complete in its every detail. Suddenly, without a sound, Bombyano shook his assegai and rushed straight at me. I saw his huige for'come ; like a man it a die.unm, 1 salt the broad spear flash on high; now he was on me! Then, prompted to it by some provi dentialimpulse-or had the spells of Indaba zimbi anything to- do with the matter ?-I dropped to tmy knee, anld quick as light stretched out mIy spear. He drove at meo : the blade passed over my head. I felt a weighton my assegai; it was wrencihed from my haudl, his great limbs knocked against me. I glanced round. Bombyale was staggeriUg along with head thrown back and outstretcheld arms from which his spear had fallen. His spear had fallen, but the blade of mnine stood out between his shoulders-I had tratstixed him. He stopped, swung round slowly as though to look at me ; then with ia sigh the giant sank down--dead. For a moment there was silence ; then a great cry rose-a cry of " Boimbyane is dead. The White Spirit has slain Bombyane. Kill the wizard, kill the ghost who has slain Bom bvyan by witchcraft." Instantly I was surrouuded by fierce faces, and spears llashed before my eyes. I folded my arms and stood calmly waitilg the end. In a molOcnt it would have come, for the warriors were mad atseeing their champion overthrown thus easily. But presently through the tumult I heard the high, cracked voice of Indaba zimbi. " Stand back, you fools !i" it cried; "can a spirit thouen be killed ?" "Spear him l spear him !" they roared in fury. " Let us see if lie is a spirit. How did a spirit slay Bombyane cwith uu scegai ? Spear him rain-maker, a?d we shall see." " Standback," cried Indaba-zimbiagain, "and I will show you if he can be killed. I will kill him myself, and call him back to life again before your eyes " " Macumazaln, trust me," he whispered in nmy ear in tile Sisutu tongue, which the Zulus did not understand. " Trust me ; kneel on the grass before me, and when I strike at you with the spear, roll over like one dead ; then, when you hear my voice again, get up. Trust me-it is your only hope." Having no choice I nodded my head in assent, thoughe I had not the faintest idea of what lie was about to do. The tumult l.ssened somewhat, ancd once mor te the wrriors drew back. " Great White Spirit--Spirit of Victory," said Indaba-zimbi, taddressing me aloud, and covering lis eyes with his hand, " hear me uand forgive mie. These chtilreln are blind with folly, and tlhink tlhee mortal because tholu hast dealt deathl uponei mortal who dared to stand againist Sthee. Beign to kneel do'wn before me and let me pierce thy heart with this spear, thouen when I call upoc thee, arise unhcurt." I knelt down, not because I wished to, bhut bectuse I must. I had notovermuch fuithin Iudaba-zimbi, and thought it pirolbable that Ihe was in truth about to mteke an end of me. But really I was so worn with feacr, and the horrors of thie cight and day had so shaken my nerves, that Idid not greaetly care what befell me. WhenI had been krneeling thus for about hllf a miclte Indaba-zimbcii spoke. "People of thie Umtetwa, children cf T'OChaka," he said, "tdraw back a little way, lest an evil fallon you. for new the air is thick with ghosts." They drew back a space, leaving us in a circle about twelve yards in diaemeter. " Look onhim who kneels before you," went oulrdaba-ziubi, "and listen to my words, to the words of the witclh-flider, the words of the rain- maker, Indaba-zihtbi, whoso fame is known to you. He seems to be a younsg man, does he not ? I tell you, childrec of thie Umtetwa, he is no man. He is thie Splirit who gives victoryto the lwhite men, he it is that gave them asseais that thunder anid tauoght the:u sow to sJlay. \lhr were the Ismpis of )ituga:cn rolled back at thle Blood River ? Because he was there. Why did the Amaboonac slay tIhe people of Mosih. katzeby the thousandsi Buecstuse hIe was there. Andso Isay to you tlihat, had I niot drawn him from the lacger lhv my mtagic but three hours igo, you would have beeo conquered--yes, you woulld hlive been blohwn awas r like cldst boore the wind; you wrouldt have been bcurnt uip like the dry grass in the rwinter vwhec the fire is awa'ke among it. Ay, becaus e Ihe had been there mauny of your bravest were slain in overcoming a few -a pinch of men who could be counted on the fingers. But because Iloved you, becausoe your chief Sususa is my h:ldf-brother-for Ihatd we not one father?--I came to you, I warned yon. Then you prayesd me and I drew the S1cirit forth. But you were not satisfied whon the victory was yours, when the Spirit, of all you hlad tken askedl but one little thin,"-at white child to take.away and sacrifice to himself, to make the medicine of his magic of- " IfereIcould hardly restrain myselffrom in terrupting, but thought better of it. " You said himt nay; you said, ' Let him fight with our bravest man, let him fight with Bombyane tbhe giant for the child.' And he doigaed to slay Bombyacne as you lhave seen, and now you cay, 'Slayhim; he is no spirit.' Now I will show you if he is a spirit, forI ill slay himr beforo your eyes, and ca1l him to life attoo huta yipn i.rliedeil.hntd yoii ztteil dno inoult to the lrii i' w oulid luce stiyed with yo iandyo' voe?t ? h"l:are'' breaome nnco t uettr-'t : hble. Nowl-oe swill arine ai:d leave.you, aid wooe beo o:iyo if yie tr'vto stay ii:: ... e' ." no~ :nll ' n:i" ' waonton 'lo ;"for': sp acq aipin tniis ;isegiithitt hold:op ' nid ti tiftebd:thl ba?g ihi ,of iwhe: deiieotend `mbano " high aboveo tbe tlict: so' that itl thii mutitiftnit could ieeo.it. Eery eye we:s tixdet usion rth - broatd bright pear. 'For a' while h "held.tit still,tu la heI movdd::it roundi atd rotind in a circl, ihinttetifig'i-s ie did so, lnd till' their ge az followied 'it.. .For my.iart, T: wiott~edhis nuormeintso witlh tho greatest na :ien.ty ;:PThat ssiegni'had ir tiidy been nearr my pleruon thain I found at iall tlt2asiit, iind. I iad no destra to it;kde a furllothtr?r a litantmeno tith :it ,-'"or, indeed, wviis lhre that Indab:i-zilbin tris not. really goitn to kill me. r I cotild not tiiderstand _ . his proceeoi"s 'at l::'ll;ant i lt.the hest I could tiot relish pllayng"tliu ionaiut rile to hi mnagicanl xpes rimentus. ' It no' io . :' Look ! tobk h! Look !" he screamed. Their suddenly the grr.t spear ltashted down." towards my breast. I felt nothino, noit, to my,' sight, it see:ned is though it hitd pooassed thoughi m e. " : : " : ". .': .- . '. See !" roared .the Zlits. ' i` In.d al zimbi. has speared hii; tihe red ass?gai- othiils ouit behind his back." "Roll .over. "nMacumtozahn.'a 'Indaha'bli rtbi hissed in my car. " roll over and pretend to die -nuick ! quick t" I lost no time ini following these; stranOgein otruntious, but falling onto ttysidel, lhr:wmy ::: arms widoe kiciked iy legs about andid dieds a., artistictallyns I could.: :PresentlyI giveo aitag o.o."' stlver andti lay still.t :. ,.: .: . , .:;: ' Sen!" said the' Zulunio. .h is denltli, h ' Spirit is dlead: Loo :it the blood irir t0 "tand. hick ! o;ttil::. ak ried .Itdaii= again. Look i!" tutl putting tdloiihis ltnldi:to id plucked them spear from ,wtlidrever it we fxled,; and held it aloft. " The spear is red, is it not. ? Watch, menu watch! itjIro- wswhit!" '. " It grows white," they said. Ou ! it grows white."'. '* It grows white because thd-blood rcturns to whence it came," said lndabaiziinbi. "NLows, great Spirit, hear mie; Thottt'art deadl,. the,. breath has gone but oa thy:minoutlt Yet hearti ne nud- arise.' Awakei Whito Spirit, 'wakioe'. aind show thy gpower. A'lwake. tiris u -in hurt !" I began to respond cheefully: to this in - posill invocation. " .Not so fast, '3naeumazalmn," whispered, Indaba-zimbi. I took the hint, aiid first held up one arm, then lifted my head itud lot it fall again. - " He lives byrthe head iof T'Ohaka he lives i" roared the soldiers, stricken with mortal fear. Then slowly and with. the greatest dignity I gradually -arose, stretched my arms, yawned like one aia'kinlg from heavy sleep, turned and looked uponthem unconcernedly. While I did so, I noticed that old Indaba-ziombi was almost . fainting from exhauistion. Beads of perspira tion stood upon his brow, his limbs troembble, and his breastheaved. As for the Zulus, they waitedfor no more. With a howl of terror the whole regiment turned and fled across the rie, so that presently - we were left alone 'with the dead, and the swooning child. , "Hows on earth ilid you do that, Indaba zimbi P" I asked it amaze. " DO not ask me, Mnucoamazahn," he gasped. "' You whits men are very clover, but you don't quite know everything. There are metn in the world wrho'can make people believe they see things which they do not see. Let us be going while we may, for when these Umtetwas have - got over their fright, they will come back to loot the waggons, and thel perhaps chey will begin asking questions that I cal't, answer." Aitd there I may+ as well state that I never got any further information on this matter from ohl Indaba-zinthi. But I have my theory, and here it is for whatever it may be worth. I believe thatnldaba- imbi imanieriisdl the whole crowd of onlookers,, myself included, makling them believe that they o aw the assegai in my heart, and the blood upon the .blade. The reader may smile and say, " Impossible ;" but I would ask him how "the Indian jugglers do. their tri:ks unleis it is by mesmerism. Tieo spectato:s scut, to see the boy go under the basket and there pierced willi daggers; they seEt to see a womlanl inu trance supported in mid air upon thi point of a single sword. In themselves these things are inotpoisible, they . violate theilas-? L taire, nas t hohtse lawns are. known to fIs,~ ~il therefoe must osiely beillut:" siotn. And so through the glumour throwrn upon thern by Indaba-zimbi's will, that Zulu I:npi seemed to see me transfixed with an assegai wlh ch never touched me. i t Iiast, that is my theory: if any onehas a but;er, lethim adopt it. Tie explanation lies between illusion and magic of a most imposing character, and I prefer to accept the lirst alternative. 