FUN WITH THE FIGURES. No. 99. Br The Flaneub. Debt is a very appropriate theme for this gay and festive season of the year, but it has a way of forcing itself upon U3 which will admit of no denial. To- day it comes in the shape of a clipping from a London journal which reminds us that — 'The public debts of the Australian colonies amount to one hundred and seventy-five million pounds sterling, while the entire population — white, black, Maori, and Chinese— numbers four millions.' It is satisfactory to know we can get credit to the fall extent of these figures, and still more satisfactory to hear that we can set:le up as far as demands are made upon us. By no means satisfactory, however, is another calculation which declares that the grog bill for New South Wales for the year 1888 totalled the dia-respectable sum of «£i,O77, 168— an amount which seems fabulous, but which is the painful truth for all that. This four millions odd woul^ at .£10,000 a mile, lay down nearly 500 miles ot railroad. One can scarcely c.odit that .£13,000 a day are Blopped away by us for grog ; speaking of which Adam Smith declares, 'All the libour expended on producing strong drink a uttterly unproductive; it adds nothing to theweilthof the community.' Ifc takes a very great deal from it, however, and a very short study of our drink figures makes one almost wish that the Prohibi tionists here may win the battle after all. A certain amount of the cup that cheers, and occa eionally inebriates as well, may be a1! right, but when it totals £13,000 worth every d*y a de-l of uncertainty sets in, and it is very evident thvfc we are paying too dearly for our fiuidical enjoyment. Apropos tD last week's mention of the myitic figure 9, 'Pedagogue' writes to say that the number 7 has always claimed a deal of attention. For instance, in the library oC Lambeth Palace is a MS. about four hundred years old, in which the seven hours are connected with the seven periods of man's life, as follows: — Moramg, inrancy ; mid-morrow, childhood; uadern, school-age; midday, the knightly age ; nones, or high noon, the kingly age ; midovernoon, elderly ; evenson, deslining. There is a still older MS., illumina'ei in a very elaborate manner, all beautifully written and painted. It represents a wheel cut into seven rays, and composed of seven concentric cordons, which with the rays formed seven times seven compartments ; seven of these contained the seven petitions of the Lord's Prayer; seven others, the seven sacraments ; seven others, the seven spiritual arms of justice ; seven others, the seven works o£ mercy ; seven other3, the seven virtues ; seven others, the seven deadly sins ; and the last seven, the seven gifts o£ i;he Holy Ghoat. Then again we have the not too well authenti cated account of the Seven Sleepers cf Bphesup, whose sound nap lasted for two hundred and twenty- nine years, and who have had companions in the Seven Mahommedan .Sleepers and the Seven Sleepers o£ the Noith ; the seven wi3e masters ; the seven wonders of Oorea — the mar vellous mineral spring of Kinshanto, the double springs, the cold wind cavern, the indestructible pine forest, the floating stone, the warm stone, and a drop of the' sweab of Buddha. In the Roman Catholic Church there are the seven deadly sin?, the seven sacraments, the seven canonical hours, the seven joys and seven sorrows of the Virgin Mary, and the seven penitential psalms. Our Saviour spoke seven times from the cross, on which ho remained seven hours. He appeared seven times, and after seven time3 sovgu days sent the Holy Ghost. Beyond doubt No. 7 is entitled to a deal of respect. Leaving the realms of fancy for those of fact we find the correct solutions to programme No. 9y are — No. 1— A, .£81; B, .£41 ; C, .£21 ; D, .£11 ; and E, £6. No. 2— B, £45 ; C, £90 ; and D, £225. No. 3 — The Poundkeeper's loss was £3 15s Correct workings are to hand from J. G. S., Libr3, Walter H., Bathurst ; W. W., Redfern ; Tyrone ; M. J. B., Newcastle ; Pedagogue ; Mary J. M., Mudgee ; F. G., Annandale; F. H., Waverley; Mat. J. D., Cooma ; Stella; E. J. K., Paddington ; M. S., Petersham ; Zeno ; F. E., Bathurst ; Peter J. D., Manly ; Alpha, and En gineer, Eedferii. Our recent talk on the use of a watch as a compass has brought forth a poser from Peda gogue, which will open our bill of fare to-day — No. 1 — When do the hands of a clock for the seoond time between 12 and 1 o'clock enclose half a right angle. No. 2, from Libra— A man bought 100 animals for £100, viz., horse3 Bt £ZQ, cqw0 a.t $6 J3a Ut sheep afc IGa, and lambs at 103 each. How many of each kind did he buy? And No. 3 is from Engineer, Eedfern — A lever whos9 arms are 10£t and 2f b works on an axis paesiug through a circular hole in the lever, the radius of which is one inch. If the co-efficient of friction be ;}, what power acting at the end of the longer arm will just be on. the point of mov ing lOOOibs attained to the end of the shorter arm ? 