A SMUGGLER'S SECRET.* CHAPTER XXL AT ULST. BY FRANK BARRETT, 53® ant&ar; of " The Admirable TJIST Biddr Fane,"* " Coder a tetrange Mask," " Fetterei for Life," efc. _We recoiTpd ocr supply of food and candles "with toior.;b:e regularity from above. When there v.-;t» :iny sign of neglect or forgetxolaesa *m the pirt of old Peter, e rap on the cliff with the Latclioi brought him at once to the mouth of the trail with a request to know what in the name of gcodn'^ss tc wanted now. TTe p-otesteri teveiitl against oar wasteful extravagance. and the rsne-nse to which we were putting h:rj. ir;a mua injured tone, aB though we wT?ro there of cur oxn choice, itwre ail toe waste o: can'!it? irritated him the most. You're cot to do wirout "em," he shouted one da v i:; reply tj> my reqeest. "Theyoung T (IG'S done wirout and you're got to do wirout 'era: DA TOD understand that. yer eyes!" Baton laysnggestine the alternative ofli^htic^ ;L bonfire the candles came quickly' *noagh. 1 filso insisted on a. supply or linen being sent down for the " young ~*un" and a change icr ->3y£"lf, p^orjisnig to let him havs my doilies to wash regularly every week; and tfaoagh he swore witii the most emphatic oaths at his cjiaaaad that he would never accede t« these demands everyone of them was complied with as soon as I raised my voice in anger to a pitch that raigut be heard outside tue cottapie. We were not unmindful of the future. we ^put by something out of the " ofjaccJdent; and, fore- " ! our " Bbt Buretiiatrfd Peter, whobe2uneerceeaingly -xeColcitrsnt towards the last, woild havegiven iatotius, but just&t; that time my grandfather got about, and old Peter, with a heavy volley of parting curves, disappeared one morning, aut ve aad liaaid mm above us no more ; and though my grandfather, adopting old Peter's manner and style of speaking, swore lustily enough that we had " got to do wirout 'an," he huckled under, and the shoes came down the nest morning. But a preparation of far greater importance than this gave me great concern. I had to make the girl understand something of the great world into which she would go when she left "the cave in which she had passed her life— the world in which probably die would go one way and I another. I felt that the sudden revelation of such world would take away her reaeon just as The glaze of day might blind her if I did not now ^ccostom her eves to the light of a candle. To de this I had to teach her to rpealr and train her imagination to form ideas mm the sound of words. She was not wanting in intelligence, and «prickiy picked up the use of such words as m e necessary to our immediate wants. She was as ready to lean as I to teach; and sat beside me hour after hour in our time of rest repeating what she had heard, and adding to lis store of phrases. For over three months die studied in this way, never showing* a sign of impatience or lassitude, and thai a chance <wroe Naturally die understood what I Baid to her far better than she could express her own meaning; at last comprehending what I said so well that cfce rarely asked me to repeat m word or change the form of a phrase. Then her mtpiTfit in learning declined. The incentive was gone now that she had mastered the difficulty of understanding words, and it seemed to me that her tongue was stiller than when she could merely babMe without reason. When I urged her to speak she would nestle doee to my arm, smoothing her cheek against my shoulder coaxiiigly, with a faint, half-sad •mile. " Talk to me," she would murmur. " Talk to me as you did when I knew nothing but what I saw in your face. Yon have eo much to tell me about; I have nothing to tell you that you do not know." Her phrases were ungrammatical and broken fikeachiid's, but this was their meaning. This led to my talking a great deal, and she was content te listen, sitting as still as a mouse. I 'told her about the wide- spreading sky and the fdenous sun that rose on one side and set on me other in soft clouds of beautiful colours, sad of the moon that came when he was gone, amd of the myriads of stars like the little one weaaw at times through the hole in the cave flat spangled the heaven all over when sun nor mood was there to dim them ; and then 1 n*oke about the broad sea and the thinee in it —HI IJII fljjmd the fi^ds of gteea grass dappled •illi bright-coloured* Sowers, aad the trees where tHrds far prettier than Caw sang songs •fanaiEt like her own. She was never tired of hearing these descrip- 'Sone, but they dil not excite her with any eager desire to escape from the cave and see and hear all that she loved to be told about. I fancy they must have been to her like those descriptions of Paradise, which tickle our ears but fail itn stimulate us with a desire to go there one moment before the inevitable time. Indeed, the outer world must have been as incomprehensible to her stunted imagination as the idea of limitless space or infinite time is to "the majority of ordinary people. She could form no conception of a world that had no chalk walls. She seemed to take greater interest in hearing ahout men and women, than about things. The existence of other human beings in another cave was understandable, but her delicate IBOWB creased in perplexity to hear that the umber of men like myself, and girls like her, was beyond our counting. '* Do they all live together ?" ^ asked, in •bewilderment. I tried to explain how people were grouped an communities, and the communities divided into families, and how the families while the children were young lived all under the same roof, but -scattered and went different ways when they grew up, leaving only the old ones to live together. She could not think that was Cood, and one e vening when I told her I hoped to find her family, she said : " What is the use if we are all to live separate in different caves This idea, I am sure, occupied her thoughts a good deal. One day she coaxed me to neglect work, herself showing a repugnance to it for the first time. *' Talk, talk," she said, holding my arm. "But there is work to do. The water is out. 2 most not lose a minute." *' Why do you want to get oat into that world r"' she added. " Must yon live alone, too ? Tbere axe three caves here. I will go in tbenextoneif you do not want me with yon. And then this will be better than that great one where all go away bom those who love them." " We'll talkaboutthat another time, Psyche," •Md I, rising. She let me go alone for half a dozen steps—it VBS the first suggestion of oppoeition on her JKt—then she sprang' up with a cry of regret, and, overtaking me, mutely looked into my lace with eyes that pleaded for forgiveness. And that morning she worked in the barrow AS she had never worked before. To see her «oe would have thought that .her happiness xather than mine depended an. our escape. I tzied in vain to obtain some history of the EWfct from her she could, wiwl nnHw»»Iwymj Inlifein the caves. " Jilwm here, always fiw same till you came," shesaid. _ , jDa^*nd '"Wgeks, wd tmBa dmpedaway WiUnmt wpmrmg tefliocE, even tome ; fettothe; tteywereaQ too«hort. We saqsfy worked for 1—a IliintanhoTOBa day, and erexy fresh {mi -«f{vogre88 in the burrow added to my hope yf mfcappy end. In the intervals between wock and deep , we amused ourselves ranctimeB in flaying bowls with the rounded pieces of chalk thai we found in our excavation; sometimes in <camue » niiimng scroll that I designed on the wall of the smaller cave. 23» latter amuse- i mnit pleased Pfeyche greatly. She had astroog aniUUve faculty, and became very deft io4he aae of .a knife in carving, but the great <iarm «f Bus occnpatian was uiat it beautified our AreDing-phra. No lady could be more fasfidiouB abbot the arrangement of her drawingzoamthan she was about the wretched appointjiirjifai of these nmaeiaUe enet; she eeiaed •aguiiy any aiggestian for meldngthemmore fiaWtnhlp. Osw waa no longer allowBd to <2to?**** ww ^ennitted to hop fibebecame ecmpnlonsly careful about hoand grimed wiSi&Blt-; W«t>3- Mud sand, die retired into her alcove Which I had scceottd wi& a UankeL and ttence de came forth indue time dressed in fcerheeL and wifo shoes and Btockams on. She wasynffi^aady mood at the addiOaa of choes to bercoetame as Mmglikemme,and meret let they pained ber every tiro she •nil in fiii fjfae w worn ^ m aotne veeka meaaJheEmodrf, «&e; would.havis cutberhaur Xw to |«aU« to tm long wis—whidi was the arangement r co^^flink of in theah- —i il irf hanyns—to heitminfeuae delimit, wnaoul «mbt ,a «reat and sood chance. wonl, was nodateT&fiK; hnBowneaa, and, jgiaBlbgoiircMMfDto Hi her OwSSm eK^ panded, her arms grew plump, ud her figure developed graceful corns, She m mora human. At first her laughter braught tears into my eyes, but now there was a Joyous ring in it that made me glad. She had a healthy love of gaiety and fun, and a most human craving for praise and admiration. Only when she grew tired something of the old elfish, pensive sadness came bacfc to her fa.ee, and at those times she would forsake her amusements and coax me to talk about the world she was going to, and the people in it, sitting wistfully silent by my side. * * * a • It was on the 3i<th August—just four months and three day® from the day I was made prisoner—that a stroke of Psyche's hatchet brought down a cone of wet sand, and a shred of light streamed into our tunnel through a raack at the edge of the chalk over our heaife. " At last.'" I cried, driving my hatchet into the crack and s i widening the gap that a great flood of light heist upon us. With a moan of pain Pfiyctfi dropped her axe sud covered her eyes with her hands. Frantic joy made me brutally indifferent to her suffering; I thought only of my recovend liberty, and dropping the hatchet tnre away the sand and shingle with my hands until I had made a hole through which I wriggled my body. Then I stood up, sad stretched out my arms towards the open sky over my head, thanking God alone with a choking voice for Hin mercy. CHAPTER XTTJ. BSCAFE. A faint oy of desjmir remindoC me of my I litUe 'distanoe firam. There was a piteous bewifleredlook in her face that seemed to say, "T am Maudbned. What shall I do in this world where each one goes his way?" And then when X looked at ber hair matted with the aand, her drabbled dress hanging heavily from her dunldai wita the sea-wash from the burrow, my heart reproached me for my ingratitude. For she had toiled as much as I, nay more; cheerfully ready at any bour of the night or day' to bury herself in the wet sand, to die and dng as she was bidden, suffering hardships with smiles, risking her life fearlessly day and night for months in the struggle to make me happy, and all for this—to be forgotten in the first moment of my freedom! "Oh,you axe not gone!" die exclaimed clutching my hand as I toaehed her and spoke her name. " Not yet," the added, striving to open her eyes that she might see me. " I shall never leave you. Psyche," Isiid, " I only forgot you for a minute in the first joy of seeing the world again." "ft it so ray beautiful ?" she asked. " I can see nothing but a light that makes me ache." "The sua is right over oar heads; it makes me blink to look up. When he goes down you will be able to look at the glory of it. But you fed the beautiful fresh air. don't yon P" " Yes, it is good. Like drinking when you axe thirsty." " Tes, that is true, and the sight of the blue sky is like that too." *' I wish I could look at it," die said, raising her pale face, and moving her head from side to side. " How warm it is. Tell me what you can aee." *• Nothing but the sun, and sky,and cliffs, and some jackdaws playing about up there." "I hear them, I hair them," she said, joyfully. " Caw. caw, caw!" " We are surrounded with great masses of brokeu cl.ff ; they shut out the view of the sea. But w« can climb over them and make our way to the open shore, as soon as the light fades, and you can use your eyes." " Why should we wait if you want to get there f You can guide me in the light just as I used to guide yon in the dark—do you remember ?' she asked tenderly. " Tes, I remember, dear. Bat I dare not venture now; the tide is rising and we may be hemmed in. It will be better to wait till the tide ebbs; then we shall have nothing to fear, and shall both see. Besides we have our things to get; we should be laughed at if we showed ourselves in this state." "I will put on my shoes; no one will laugh at me then." A wave ran tip between the rocks and touched our feet; it was time to return. We wriggled back into oar. burrow, Ae miriith of which I stopped as well as I could with'pieces of chalk to prevent the inrush of sand, and baeked into the care, dragging the bucketafier ns with the eand dug out in our passage. The eight hours that followed were the longest and most tedious I had yet endured. X had long ago decided upon the oourse X should take when we got oat of the cave, and there now seemed absolutely nothing to do. To dispel the tedium X was almost tempted to make an expedition into French Peter's cave. I was deterred rather by the uselessness than the danger of the venture. The treasure was safer there than it could be anywhere else, and it would have been alike dangerous and futile to encumber ourselves with it in our flight. At six o'clock my grandfather whistled down the well, and lowered a basket of provisions. " You're got to do wirout bread to-night 'eanse the baker ain't been to day," he called. "But you'll get double allowance to-morrow mornin' if you behave yourself.'' I emptied the basket, and sent it np without a word ; but X mentally promised to behave myself is a manner that would astonidb him before another day was out. At about eight o'clock we went into the [ tunnel, and had an hour's work in dealing away the sand washed in by the tide. At length the passage was free, and Psyche looking op saw the countless stars in mute wonder. "Our work is done; we can put cm our best now," I said to her. We went back and changed our clothes—X trembling and my teeth chattering with excitement. *' Must we leave all Psyche asked in a low voice when she came from her alcove. " Tes, there is nothing here that we shall ever want again, please God," said I. " Wait, there is the food we have put by in case of need. I will put it oat for Caw." " Tes, poor Caw! He will never sit on my shoulder anymore. We ahaa't have to scold him for coming on our table again." I ran into the other cave and threw all our stores on the slab that served ns for a table, while Psyche remained in the lessor one. Through the opening I caw ho- by the light of the candle that stood on the ground touching with her cheek the carving in the chalk on which we had spent so many hoars together, and layingher hand tenderly on the hatchets we bad used in our work, and when we descended for the last time into the -pit she turned round and rozeading her arms towards the cave as if to take in all that was dear to her, shesaid: "Good bye!" The moon had not yet risen, but the stars gave ns, inured to obscurity, ample light to find onr way between the socks and over the- scattered masses of clifi to the open shore; but it would have been another thing to have retraced oar steps throetgh such a chao* to the JuJe^rom which we fcadcosie. • Happily we got dear of the eea- swept booldexs while the fib 3T -'M '••VC'-'-.-'rV-v' anSS^'m^^t awe for samBtiin&aadthen; she murmured, half to heraelf, " Too large, too great!" But die was delighted with the BtarB, «uul when rounding Oeadman'a Point we came in sight of the yoong moon hanging over the water with file shadowed disk in its embrace a low cry of sapane came from ber lipa. We gotxm to the downs by the gap beyond Deadman's Point and struck acron Car the old Trftadon _ road, and now that we had no cliff beside ns Psyche's wonder at the tmbrokrai evpsnse around ns was inexpre®abie. «wall,," die said. And the soft grass tmder ber feet in place of the aaad she ™4 always known was another marvel. She tried to sooop it np in her hand, and when I plucked some and put it inber hud, she langhed at this new oddity in thuTnew wpdd. We had notyetmetasin^e creature, but as we neuedthe rwtdl heard soundaoffootstepBaiKl voices, and Pf^c&e; told me she saw two persons <»mmg, one little and one hig. A few seconds afterwards! saw a stoutwomanBad a bow-laden with bundles. Psyche slipped round and dung to my other arm to be safe, wfaOe die strained ber tyts in wonder to see a eid so large and a man so small. "Ma.Benham,"I«Jd,recognising my old landlady as wedrew Bear, j ** Surely thafs not lb. Bernard come bade •*• she exclaimed. "It ia indeed, cad I am on my way to take possession of myold rooms if youhave not let than to anyone else.** " Bfeeeyour fcsart, no, dr. There tUy are jpt aa you kit them. Isfaoidin^liaw had the heart to let 'em to anyone else if Fdhad the chance. little did I think yon. would ever come back to «hem; and It's a teal comfort in the midst «f jmy trouble to see mm again. Ibne,take the kzys,dr,there theyana^ and you know the hmk of mlmad » as t ag.. You haveht ISkS the sad lKi^- M iriun^^ ^ '^Sdi you when r*a only just got the mes-- sage by telegraph myself. The Lad . there brought it aad Geared me oat of my wits 5 nearly half an hour ago. My poor son has been landed from his ship at Southampton with a fever, aud there he lies now in a stranger's house with no one to care for him. And now I'm on my way to Bon port to catch the laat train, though while I am talking here I may lose it. I will write to you to-morrow and toll you more, and you will let me know all about your own affairs that I have no time to ask about now, Unugh I am dying with curiosity to know how you have sand and everything. Everj-thing included Peyche, whose uncovered head aad bare arms drew her eyes from me in perplexity, even while her mind was so divided between thoughts of her son and myself. As for the telegraph messenger who was carrying a part of the old lady's hastily-packed luggage, he could scarcely close his mouth or take his eyes off Psyche, even when Un. Benham trotted on him to come along. " Who ie thai one you spoke to P" whispered Pavche as we went our way. " A dear old friend. We're going to live in her house." ~ "House—that is a cave." " Tes, a kind of cave. I lived with her before I came to you." " Not very long.** " Tes; years—much longer than I have lived with you." " Then every one does not go a different way —Bome stay together." " Oh, yes. A son sometimes stays with his mother even when he is no longer a child. A. onitii * nM may " live With hiB sister till they grow . v.-n. \- - £ awhile. IpointedtotlietieeBoftlifiOhaseParic as we neared them. She looked at them indifferently, reminding me that I had told her about them. Then presently, while X wondered what die was pondering, she said : " Tou like that old woman r" *' Yes ; she has been like a mother to me. " Bat yoa didn't talk to ber as von talk to me," die said smiling and diating ber head. " What makes you think that ?" "Oh, I tun sure of it," she answered with delighted satisfaction, " and that shows that you like your sister more than you like yoar mother." I laughed, and then having oome to tie cottage I told her that it was where we were to live. She looked at it incredulously, for to her it seemed no more than a strangely-fashioned mass of rock, and could hardly believe her senses when I opened the door and showed her it was habitable. I lit a candle and took her through the rooms below, and then np the stairs to the rooms above, and die was speechless with wonder at the strangeness of it and all the surprising contrivances it contained. When I got her to speak I found that die did not admire the rooms. After the caves they were as much too small as the world was too large. The low flat ceilings and square walls were ugly to her eyes. But the quantity aad variety of colour everywhere delighted her. Two things astonished her beyond the rest—a looking-glass and a rose growing in a pot. The glass, die thought most be water; the scent of the rose took her breath away. She was charmed with the canary that hung in the sittingroom—it was such a wee little " caw" aad so prettily coloured! I put it in Jier bedroom, telling her that it would sing to her in the morning. " Show me how I may take him out of his house," she said. " No, you most not do that," said L " He would fiy away if yon did." She looked into my face in mournful sQeaoe for a moment, and then she said : " Does everything that we love in <*»'» world fly away and leavens?" CHAPTER XIV. XT GRANDFATHKE SKB8 A GHOST, When Psyche had called her last "good night" to me from her room, as in the cave it was her custom to do before composing herself to deep, I stole oat of tqe house, to breathe again the fresh air and enjoy the fall sense of freedom. After standing awhile gazing all round at the heavens with an ineffable joy in my heart I passed through the garden, ana tuning instinctively towards the Chase, Sallowed the path to the park gates, my sb mid more elastic imoer an 1 _ easy to accounted for. Whan I leftthe Chase I had no prospect more hopeful than that of realiang Sir Hairy Duncan'B cynical suggestion by finding a Golconda. Well, X had found what to me was a Golconda, and now I could face Sir Henry and demand his daughter's hand. It was neatly midnight: there was no light in the Iodgekeeper's window. The gate was unlocked, and not a hundred yards down the drive there was a bend from which the house could be seen. With no excuse but a lover's folly, I passed the gate and walked to the bend, and there I stood for folly five minntesgaziBgat the solitary light in one of the windows, giving a loose rem to my fancy, and letting it carry me into a paradise where I saw no face but Ethel Duncan's. When at length X turned to go back I perceived a tall grey figure standing in the alley formed by a footpath which turned from the drive at the bend. It was Sir Hairy ; X recognised him at a glance. There was nothing remarkable in his bemg there at tins hour, even if the night had been less tempting for a late stroll. He was a man of odd, ascetic habits, sometimes confining him««Jf for days together in one room, at oth^s wandering on the downs night after u&ht; in weather that made even the coast-guard shirk his duty. "Who are you?" he asked, stepping forward. " Bernard Thome." " I thought so," he said, and then placing himself before me with a stride as I was about to pass on, he added, in a peremptory tone, " Tell me what you are doing here r" I hesitated to answer, feeling that X had placed myself in a ridiculous position. " Ton have come here to see my daughter, he said in an angry tone of conviction. "Tou have written to her P" " X have done nothing of the kind." "Is that true?" he asked in a tone that stung me. " Ton. have never known me to attempt to deceive you," X answered warmly. " Indeed! Ton promised you would not return until you had a fortune to offer for my daughter." " And on that condition yoa suffered me to hope that! might make ber my wife. It was an expedient perhaps to get rid of me. Tou did not expect me to return before yoa had married your daughter to a husband more to your taste than your late secretary. But you held out that hope to me; I accepted it; and now that you see me here you know the reason—I have a fortune to offer your daughter." "It is incredible. I was told yoa bad gone to America. Even there yon nave not had time to make a fortune—honestly." " I dare not tnirt my tongue to answer yon aSer that insniiation/'said x, steppingoside In order to pius him. ;- " - \- " Watt," ne ssiO, patting bis slide ruddy before ne.' " Our estimate of foi tones may differ couaderably. What is this fortune you hare made f " I cannot (ell you, it maybe ten thousand pounds—it may be less." 1 4 Ttan thousand pounds! Do you know that my daughter may accept a husband with twenty times that amount. You mistake your position. What is ten thousand pounds f " Enough to nuke me independent of your generosity, and that' is all X sought. X dare now to ask your daughter to be my wife, and it is for her and, not for you, to decide whether I shall be ber husband or not One moment. One question at least X have a right to csfc, and one which you, with the antBOfdwits of your family before you, ought to answer. How have you oome by this money V" "Xram not hi a slate of mind at this moment to tell you my history. If I told you bow you would "think me mote maid "than my presence here at this time gives you reason to suppose I am. In a proper time and place I will tell you all" Before yoa speak to my daughter?" Tes." Dpon thai we separated without another word. I greatly regretted this meeting with Sir Bsmy aaa the avowal It had led to TP-TT. 1 For ardently »i X deseed to meet Miss Duncan, : and pat my fate in her bands—a desire that was now made more msent t>y Sir Henry's hint that he had a ridter hwdiand in view. and One fear that by delay I migfat loce her—X felt thatlmust do nry doty by my faithful little friend, , and provide for Psyche's future hsppa. loess before I considered my own. I most wring * confession of the tnysterfeus crime from my grandfather, and find the gulls family. X had promised bot to abandon tier, but without that promfeemy heart would never have suffered taeto Koastiayfraa ber,asshe patheticdly pot f jt,fmtil Xhad found those who had aright to I tfke myjpUce as fcer fqardisn and»dear^I fneod. If Sfr Beniy Duncan thought fit to It onesti on my grandfather about the fortune I hid acquired, the old rascal, dissevering my efcipc, would, to Avoid msni<»!mi»nt r ^aimsoquencea to himself, j^et out of the way butbre I coold draw a confession from him.., I reflected also that Mrs. Benham or the telegraph boy might spread the news of my return in lionport, and that this would speeduv readk Oi'l Peter's ears and put both the old jamais on the alsrt However, there was one simple way of securing my grandfather, and that was to fore?ti!l othen by tickling hiin at the very earliest hoar. With the determination to go over to the Half war- hooee as soon as it got light I returned to the oottage and lay down without taking off my clothes, tKnt I might not oversleep myself. Nevertheless, it was broad daylight and past 6 o'clock when X awoke, and then ft was only Psyche's cry of detight from the next room that aroused me. The canary was tinging. " Hark, the little caw," ahe cried. I bads ber sleep again until X called her, sad slipped noiselessly out of the house, fean-ig my going would trouble her if die knew it. Looking down to the shore from the cliff at Deajdman's Point I saw the waves bursting over the scattered rocks where we had risen from our borrow the day before. The great blocks were so closely thrown together that it was impossible to distinguish tbe exact spot, and I knew that by this time the sea had washed in the sand and effaced all sign of oar work. It seemed to me now hardly possible Oat we two could have been lying toiling under that fallen cliff for over four months. Something unpleasantly akin to a thirst for vengeance possessed mc as I neared the Halfway-bouse ana thought of the old villains who had doomed me to perpetual imprisonment then, and srho badrobbed poor tP«yribeof .all that,makesypntb. andlife Over the w&dow; pane Ihadbrokento get into the place on the day of my capture a sheet of brown paper had been pasted. I wetted my fingers, struck it in the middle, and made a hole through the brown paper without noise. My grandfather was stumping about in the wasbhouae, for this was shout the hour when he sent down our breakfast. Taking ad- -"antage of the noise be made, I tore down the brown paper, slipped by arm through, and unfastened the catch. The next minute I had the sash up, and the minnte after that I was standiugin the little parlour. The washhouse door was closed. X opened the door silently, and fooad.my grandfather in front of me, leaning over the well with the cord in his hand. For just one moment my finders itched to dip that cord round his neck and pitch him down the well. He was whistling luitfly—a «ign»l which either Psyche or I usually answeradat once. "Can't make the beggaa boat," he muttered; "in gen'al theyoomes fast enough for their grab, and it's a lucky day when that gallus Bernard don't holler out for extrys." He left off muttering, aad reoommenced whistling and jerking his cord. " What's the marrer wi* you, are yon hill ?" he roared. After waiting a minute or two he drew up the bucket to see if. it had been emptied. When it came an full he set it on the edge of the well and scratched his bead. " Good Lord, if one on 'em's dead he murmured ; and then looking roond in the scared way of those whose consciences are ill at ease, he caught sight of me standing within a couple of paces of him. His jaw dropped, his face turned grey, his eyes started from their sockets, and he staggered hack to the wall, stretching out his quivering hands to keep me off. His old jaw dosed and fell as he attempted to speak, and his breath cj ught in his parched windpipe with a click at each respiration. At length he, gasped out: " God forgive me if I ever done you harm. Iiord knows I've alust done for the beat according to my lights. Twaan't me as put you down. Father's got to answer for all that—a gallus, wicked old man. I've supplied ye reg'lar—denied ye nothin*." He broke off with a choke, terrified out of his wits by my silence and immobility. Then he gasped again, loosening his neckcloth with one hand and motioning me back with the other: "For God's sake, speak—tell me you're not his spook—tell me I haven't murdered my Sukey's boy." CHAPTER XV. i 6THAJTOE CONFESSION. I suppose my appearance was not sufficiently ghostly to create more than a temporary effect npon my grandfather; for after regarding me Willi unreasoning horror as he crouched against the wall for a few minutes, the strained muscles of bis face relaxed, a lode of hopeful doubt and suspicion twinkled in Ins blue -eye, and he breathed more easily. Gradually he straightened hhnsrff, and with growing confidence rolled his tongue round his cheek once or twice, and spoke : " You don't mean to say as It's you, yoar identical self, Bernard; you don't go for to tell me as you've got oat in toe night like a thief in the same, and as you've come here for a sort of a spree to frighten your poor old grandfather in to a hillness P" " X am yoar grandson, Bernard—so much the worse for me; and I have got out—so much the worse for you. But I have not oome here for a spree, X have oome to call yoa to account" " Where's the other one—her ?" he asked, nodding towards the welL " Not down there." * "Where are you took her to ?" " Where you can do her no more harm. " lord ! what'll father say to this ?" exclaimed the old man in a tone of consternation. " We shall bear what he has to say when he's brought to justice." *' You're not going to inform on him—you won't send an old man of ninety-four to prison P" " It depends upon yon whether both of yoa do not end your days in gaoL You may expect no more -mercy from me than yoa uave shown to that helpless child, whose life vou have blasted." Sonny," said he, drawing the back* of his hand acrosB his forehead? " X can't go no furder like this. I must have a drop to keep me up, or my legs'll give under me." He passed into the next room, and taking an innocent-looking teapot from the comer capboard, drew a cork from the spout, and helped mself to a dram. " Now, I'm better," said he, stoutly, as he seated himself, " let's hear what you've got to say. If it depends on me to save father from going to gaol you may depend upon my doing my duty as a son." " Do you see that ?" X asked, pointing to one of the texts with which the walls were itifully decorated. Tes, 1 sees it fast enough, but what it's all about I dunnow. They comes here and stides 'em up aeoordian to their fancy, but X cant read 'em." " ' Honesty is the best policy"—that's what it says, and!advise yoa to keep that bi mind; for if X have reason to doubt the honesty of the confession you have to make to me I shall go mt onoe to Bon port and bring you and your frther before judges who will find means to get the truth out ofyou." The old man looked at me with deep cunning in his shifty eyes as he turned over the quid in his cheek, and then be said: " You know yon can depend on my troth, sonny, <0ae you'd ha' gone to the justices fast,*' ....... r.*;' > "I have oome to you first because I woald spare myself the dome of -seeing yoa in the felon's dock; bat X am prepared to meet that riiniw to learn the truth." " What do you want to know V "I must know all about the poor girl you have kept in the cavas from her childhood." " Bight you are, sonny. Now you to6kin my face and 111 look in youro, and if yoa see me eo much as wink a eye set me down for a liar. Slack away!" With these words he planted his hands firmly on ins knees, bent forward, and so fixed hts eyes that they looked as if they were of glass, and several sizes too large. Who is that girif" lasted. X don't know nxrmore than what yon do *' What is ber name f»» I can't tell you; on my dyin' oath I don't know." How long have yoa kept her down there?" " Twelve years last July the thirteenth." " Where did you take her from ?" "We didn't take her; she was give to as by man.** " Who was that man P" « X don't know, PU take my oath on it."* Ifbunesty maybe gauged hytbeabOityof a man to look yon straight in the eve«, then my grandfather WM as ficmeet in this declaration as anyone coold denre. j ^B&m; did the <Md come into yoar hands?" " That's a qtiwtioa as I can't answerin two words. It's a longish story, bat pll tell it you just ss fair andequare as if I was before a andfodcyou hege,jSonn^^ou I'm a hard-hearted, on-Christian tian ; bat rmgoingtoaihawvoa the contraries, and then if you think I'm only fit to rot out the rest of my days in a gaol, yoa can go and . . . . . With this be struck the table a blow with his fist, and tamed over hi* quid; then fixing bis «yesa^sinonaebebegan: "Itwas twdre yosm ago, asl tdl yoa, the thirteenth of July, that me and father was wuss off than ever we'd .been in our life.. Father had just done his seven year; Snkey's money was all gone, you waa at school earning nothing, and only kept there because it w as cheaper than keepui' of you elsewhere, s^iii* as the payment was allowed to rim on like iii wnwAwTttioa of yoar bean' a kind of pnpil teacher, and the smuggling business was iwlir finished for good and alL^ We was twft pinched we'd ecaroe got the price of a plug betwixt as—aad that was got through me a reforming. Well, just then comes this man to father, sad asks him if he'd mind taking of a cheat oat to sea and droppin' of it in a clear five miles bom land, which this here job was to be done that night. Father smelt a rat, and said that if this were a contraband job he'd ks—a have i. to LA he paid MU heavy 1 for £ the ** risk he '1 run. The T1 man owned it was a contraband job, and the chest must not be opened by as nor anyone else ; and he'd give as something hansom if we palled it off all right, but not a farden if we didn't. Father, he says, say 6 he, proud like, * I've been a smuggler,' he says,' man and boy •evenly- one year'—he was then heighty-fower * and I've never lost so much as & jack of baccy, and it don't stand to reason as I'm going to be ran down now.' The man answered and said he knowed father's record, and that's why he applied to him. So it was agreed there and then that father should have a boat ready waitin* off Headman's P'int at high water, which was half after 11. Father was fordoin' thejob all alone, but he couldn't get mo one to lend him a boat 'cause you eee he wasn't known like nor much respected at Boapert, bavin* fust come off his seven year at Dartmoor. So in this bane fix he comes to tne, aad I going to church regular and drawin* my bread every andlaysronnd^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ fell. And as pretty a night it was as ever I see for harvestin' a cam o' tubs, with the wind comin' right out o_* .the. sou- west, the rain a comin' down a treat, and as black; as a hedge. At 11 o'clock we beaches the boat, and at half after comes this mail with his chest. There was not a word spoke ; we pot the chest in, run the boat down, and the job I counted was as good as finished. We pulled out without a light till we was about a couple of miles out, and then father leaving the work to me lags out a bit of a 'antern from his pocket, and spreadin' his tarpaulin' over it, takes and lights it with a luofer. 'Father,' I says, says I, ' We don't want no light for this job, and the lamp may do ns a mischief.' ' Speak when you're spoke to, young 'un,' he says—young *un he called though I was over sixty—* speik when you're noke to. Fm gotn'to see what's in this here chest. It ain't the first time I've known halfhearted *ans chuck away stolen property when they thought it might'lead to information.' And with that he shoves a cnld chisel under the lid and, with a sharp wrench, bustes it open. 'Curseit!' says he, showin' the lamp inside, * It ain't no thing bat a gal.' And as I leant forard I see there a child, looking like as if it waaoomferably asleep, with a little twist of hair blowin' about in the breeze.^' Is it dead T I says. ' Of course it is,' says he, ' do vou think it would lay still and not snivel if it warn t ?' Andhe was his lantern out and goin'"to fling the lot out, in disgust, when I stops him, for, by the Lord, I see the child's eyes open under the light. The wind and rain had land of revived it, I reckon. ' Father,' I sayB,' it's alive.' 'Well, we won't give it time to get fractious,' says he, banging down the lid. Now, sonny, I hadn't never done any job of this sort before, and I turned sick at the thought of heaving that living child into the sea, like a mangy dog, for she looked to me the very daps of my Sokey when she was a little 'un. Then, as father laid hold of the chest for to hrave it oat, the sickness inside of me seemed to turn to fire, and what I had never dared tell father, my soul was my own, I appeu and told liim with a voice as didn't seem to belong to me as I'd peach on him, if he banged tor it. Father, he was going to knock my head off my shoulders then and there, but on second thoughts he didn't. After tamin* of it over in his mind a bit be says, says he: '.If we don't drown the young one what are we to do with it? It don't stand to reason that we're going to lose the price of this here job !' ' Well,' says I, ' Tou pull me into Pringle's hole, and I'll run np with it home, which I may well do without bein' seen in such a love of a night as this here. Then I'll come back and we'll out abit, and then into Deadman's Point and take the money off the gent.' 'That's all right for the night,' he says, ' but what are you gulag to do with the varment to-morrow and hevcr after P • Do with it ?' says I. ' I rare it np like as if it was my own child,' .... , "We disputed ofitalong while, but at last father gave in, and we earned out our plan accordian—the gent looking in the boat when we run into Deadman's Point, and goin' off quite content." (TO BE AOSTENTTED.) 