CONOKKT AT TOKBANLEA. [from a correspondent.] August 12. A LARGE and an appreciative audience assembled at tbe hall on Monday even ing to witness an entertainment given by tbe Christy Minstrels in aid of their own funds, and If one may judge from tbe entbUBlaBm which prevailed, and the hearty applause with wbicb the songs, iofcen. danced. &a..; were received, tbe 'Chriatya' are to be congratulated upon tbe perfectness to wbich they have attained iu the ' black' art. Ail the 2b. seats were filled. The bull was, without o'.erflowiug full.' The entertain ineut was opened with a pianoforte duet by Miss Mttttiugley and Miss Annie Nugent. This was the Brat appearance of Mias Nugent, iu Torbanelea, as* per former, and sbe acquitted herself remark ably well. Having nad but three months' instruction in music she 1h to be coinpli mentedupnn the rapidity with which ebe has reached this state of proficiency. With care, diligence and perseverance she Is destined to become a brilllaut musician. An overture by tbe Company was given, and then the opening chorus, led by Mr, M. Turner. A song ' Kibs me Mother ere I die,' by Mm. Rollluaon, was well rendered. M-. M. Turner in '? Uncle Ned' also sang in bie beststyle. ' Going borne to Dixie,' by Mr. J. Wright, was excellently given. Tbe last named ' nigger' is certainly a very great acqui sition to the troupe not only as a einger but ua a ' corner'1 man, iDd he received well merited applause for his efforts. 'Early in the Morning,' by Mr. Atal nrand, was well given ; and 'Kiss me Quick,' by Mr. Mattlngly, was rendered in a manner tbat always secures for him a cordial reception, ' DeareBt May,' by T. Lonergan, waa sung well, and re ceived for him some very flattering re marks. He sings pleasantly, and pro mises to make a good 'nigger.' Mr. B»ll sang ' My Nanoy' with effect and pleasantly, and waa fol lowed by Mr, Stevenson in ' Way down upon tbe Swannie River.' 'Camptown Races,' by Mr. Wright, and ' A Ball To-night,' by T. Turner, were both capitally given. Mr. Mat tlngly as ' Mr. JobDBon,' Mr. Turner as 'Brown.' aud Mr. J. Wright bb '' Bones,' deserve the greatest credit for tbe manner In which the entertainment wbb sustained from the start to tbe finish To Mr. M*ttlngly Hie Christies are deeply loiIe.htPd fur ( -ie trciihle \\\o him gone to iu purftictin; ilwn iu Itieir several purls, Hie Urn'' li' hax so un. grudgiugly given lo eo»urfl i lie huccphr of the entertainment, and for the Renerous way in which he. unsolicited, placed his piano at the disposal of the troupe for use oi thla concert. His blO'lnnns will not he readily forgotten. Mias Maltlngly very generously played all the accompani ment, and during tbe interval enter tained the audlenc* with some instru mental pieces, which s!ie played in ber usual expressive: anil vivacious style, In tbe second purl Mr. Gavin treated the audience to a capital step ?lance, and was followed by Mr. R.illin son, wbo also cnnlributed in n - mnall degree in amusing trie people tiv giving u ' step' in cauoea about two feet lou«. These two dauces deliglitel the old »s well uh tin* young, aud will c.ertaii.ly he 'b draw' at th-? uext eiilertaiumetil. Alter ft sons by Mr. lU'LMruintt, h tarrs entitled 'The Half-past four o'clock Train' brought the meeting to a clone. During the farce Mr. Milling ley, as Mr. Johnson, pang ' Old Susannah,' '(\imeladi'n vounittentton,' and the 'Blue Tall Fly.' The litli-r was eiing iu an iuimi!:il-le style, mid fairly brought down tbe hou«e. Mr. Wright, as 'bones' antic; 'Old Jaw bone' capitally, and Mr. Rollinson us the ghost played his pirt creditably. After Mr. Mat:ingly hud thanked Hie people for their attendance, the Nation il Anthem was sung, aud the 'uiggers1' retired lo the Miuers Anus to partake of tbe supper wliic i had been provided for them aud the Howard visitors. Justice having been done to the viands, &?., each man sang ' He's a jolly good fellow,' aud ere the clock tolled the hour for retiring, both Ibe visitors aud thu local people trended their way home, ward to seek ' natures sweet restorer — balmy sleep ' lo weigh tbeir eyelids down. Thus ended one of the best entertainments and most enjoyable even ings ever spent in TorNneleH. Tnere was not a hitch in tbe programme — tmt a word of complaint. Everyone seemed satisfied, and in high spirit*, and the hope is entertained that these social gatherings will not now be discontinued. 