No. 31ii SOUTH AJUDLEY STREET. (vAITrr rFen.) It was a charming little house, and it suited me exactly." My wife said so; and as every thing that pleases her pleases me, I said so too; and we took it furnished for twelve months from Lady-day. The landlord's name was Mr. do Itosay; but we never sew 'him, as he had gone abroad. We only in tended to use the house for the season and for occasional visits when the country became dull, or when the frost stopped hunting. As a matter of fact, we lived in it for three-quarters of our term, and tried to take it on afterwaris; but the owner was coming back to live in it, and is living there at this moment. I have not been quite so certain during the past few weeks that I should like to return to it; but my wife says that, except for an attack of indigestion and a consequent night mare. "Inever was sick or sorry in it, and that sIe wishes to goodness we were back now, instead of in a Victoria street flat. I deny the indigestion, and question the night mare; but it is of no use. My wife would go to the Blanknoys' ball on the 5th of July in last year, and I would not. Everything which pleases my wife pleases me; but exceptions prove the rule. So when she said that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleased to co without me, and the rule was again proved; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her; but eventually consoled myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of course I had to stand him supper in return, so we had a lobster salad and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden lane-I forget the names of those places now that I am married. The supper was excel lent, so was the burgundy; and after a cigar I turned in about 1 o'clock. and fell asleep so quickly that I had hardly time to wonder how my wife was enjoying herself, and to hope that she would not wake me on her.return. I must have been asleep for a couple of hours when I was aroused by a light in my eyes. Thinking that it was my wife, I grunted a remonstrance and propared toturn over to my other ride. I partly opened my eyes as I did so, and, to my astotishment, saw a man in evening dress bending over my bed with a candle in his hand. I was asleep on the left side of the bed, in the position that I always occupy; and as the bed was a very wide one, I could not at first make out what lie was doing, as I was without my eyeglass. When, however, I had really got my eyes open and used to the light, I could see that he was paying no attention to me, but looking at the side of the bed nearer to him-the side, in fact, usually occupied by my wife. Was that a sob? I turned my head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my wife-no; the hair on the pillow was long and fair, and my wife is a brunette, and between ourselves, this-some of her hair-. At all events, it was not my wife, but a fair woman quite unknown to me, who was lying half undressed outside of the bed. iHer eyes must have been half closed, for the man bent lower and held the candle close to her face as if to rouse her. "You are in pain, ?htia este," he mur smured, in a very deep, but not disagreeable voice, "Drink this." In his left hand the man held a wine-glass, with some dark liquid in it. The woman moaned faintly. "You shall drink it," he said, in a slightly louder tone. And as he did so he placed the candle on the foot of thebed. While moving, he threw the light more completely on his features, and I saw them olearl'. Heo was a dark, aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a Jewish type, with black hair and moustache, and with the blackest eyes that ever I saw, and the hardest looking. There was the least touch of something wrong with the left eye-a cast, I suppose, but a slight one just enough to give a sinister expression to the facein some aspects of it. He returned with the wine glass stillin his left hand, and with his right he clutched the woman's left wrist, and I could see his teeth clinch and the muscles of his loan square jaw set themselves. She gave a little shriek of pain, but opened her hand, and then let her fingersclose on the stem of the glass. "Drink it off," he said; "it is tho sedative Sir William ordered; a wonderful thing for neuralgia." She raised her head from the pillow and put the glass to her lips. As she did so, I could see the marks on her wrist, where he had clutched it, change from white to red. " It is very strong," she said, taking a sip. sip"Drink it down," he said, still in his deep, gentle voice; and putting his arcn round her neck he thrust his finger against her lips till she opened her mouth. His hand was on the bottom of the glass, and he tilted it till it stood on end. She choked and coughed. " You are as lard to dose as a dog," he said, with a low, soft laugh. " You will soon sleep now. Good-night, niosn aic." Then he took up the light and walked to wards the door, looking back as he did so with a sort of smile on his cruel, sallow, face, and with the cast in his eye more apparent than ever. It was the sort of look that a man might have as he watched the result of an interesting experiment-a look full of quiet, choerful interest. I had been waiting then from second to second-the whole transaction hardly took a minute- for one of them to notice me. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, but a vague feeling kept me silent. Now that the man was actually leaving the room I shouted after him. But, to my horror, I could not hear myself; and the man did not turn his head as he closed the door after him. Had I been suddenly struck with deafness, he at least would have heard; and I should not have been able to listen, as I was listening, to thi heavy laboured breathing of the woman lying beside me iun the pitchy darkness, or to be con scioius that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring up in bed with a yell of horror that re sounded through the house, clutching in vain terror in the blackness, my hand falling first upon the head and then upon the hand of the woman beside me. To my astonishment, my hand was angrily grasped by little warm fingers, thlen flung back upon the counterpane; while the voice of my wife, sleepy, very cross, but unmistakably hers, askeod what on earth I meant by rousing her from her first sleep when she had shown such consideration in slipping into bed without disturbing me. I told her as well as I could ; but neither then, nor during the day which followed, when I told the whole story much as I haye above, was iiny explanation which did not include the buttered crab accepted by hler. In fact, she pooh-poohed and scoffed at my ghost story to such alun extent that, though the incident took place a year ago, I have hardly ventured even to think of it since. But the whole nffair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was at the otlice of my late limdlord's solicitor, making some payments, which, by- the-bye, I ought to have mado on giving uip pos session at Lady-day. I had remarked to him how sorry we were to turn out, and that he really might have allowed us to stay on for ai few weeks of the season, con dsidering that our landlord had only now returneld. " What sort of a man is Mir. do RosayF" I asked. "Ho seems pretty peremptory, from the only correspondencol have had with hlim." "P oor old Will !" said lr. Inkpen. " He is not so bad as he makes himself out, and he lhas had a lot of trouble. However, he seems lhappy enough now. Look at his photo graph " And the solicitor, who was filling p a receipt for any money, niodded towards a Ilge envelope which lay on the table in front of him. " What sort of troulblo 1'" I asked, think ing that, at all events, Mer. de Rosay had not had to accompany his wife over a hundred and odd furnished fiats and lhouses in search of a roof to shelter him. " Trouble !" ojnoulatted Mr. Inkpen. "Why his young wife died when they had only been married a year." I had been thinking of my bachelor days, but still I expressed a becoming sympathy for Mr. do losay. Mr. Inkpen, who is a very cheery specimen of a lawyer--more like a family doctor then a family solicitor-ran on "Charming girl she was, with a snug fortune. :11id Soth Andloy street was hers, and she died there two years ago on Satur day next. You did not know your land lord was my cousin 2 Ilo used to wander about looking like a corpse; but since lie has been abroad, like many people who seem heartbroken. he has married agasn. " Indeed!" I said; in an uinnocessarily sur prised tone, and wishing all the time thlatmy thnughts would not travel quite so readily to mny bachelor days. " Yes, married a great friend of his wife's -a clever girl, who, curiously enough, was studying medicine in London at the time MarIe was taken ill." " Indeed!" I said again. I was getting' little tired of Mr. and Mrs. de Rosay; but Mr. Inkpen went on " She used to help to nurse poor Marie with the greatest devotion ; fed her, mixed her drinks-everything, in fact. She gavo up her studies to do so. Curious what one woman will do for another, isn't it? Will is half Spanish himself, and his first wife was French ; but this time he has married an English girl, thank gpod ness ! Vell, well, if he is over ill he will have a good nurse to look after him, and a very pretty one too. Look at her photo I drew from the envelope a cabinet picture of two persons standing side by side. At the pretty features ofthe bride I hardly glanced; the man beside her was enough for me. There hostood, unmistakable-the dark hair and moustache, the sinster smile, the curious look in the loft eye! I suppose I uttered some exclamation, for Mr. Inkpecn looked up, surprised. " What is the matter?" he said, rather drily. "You don't knowher, do you ?" " No," I said; " but he is like someone I know." Then, as I could hardly tell my story to a solicitor and the cousin of the man in question: " W:iat did his first wife die of ?" " "Very sand affair," he answered. "Delicate woman. Headaches and neuralgia-yon know the sort of thing; took a lot of opiates. One night she took an overdose of chloral or laudanum, or something of the kind, and died while lie was in the next room undress "Dear me 1" was all I could say. "How sad!" " Sad ?" he echoed; " It was only hes iron nerves and constitution that enabled his reason to stand the shook. I had a lot of worry, too, about the business, trying to got her insurance money for weeks before they would pay it. We had to threaten an action, buat they gave in. Of course, it wa.. not suicide." "No," I echoed; " of course it w^,: suicide. What date did you say ?" "It was Saturday next-the 5th of July, bless you!" said Mr. Inkpen,\ ?.rila?otly gratified at having so visibly sh dked me. " We should have been nowhere, all the same, but for that girl, the presenlt Mrs. de. Rosay. She know of every drup that pooe Maria took, and could not 'stop her. Wel? it's all over now, and de Itosay will spend the second anniversary of his first wife's death in her house with a new bride. What; a thing it is to have iron nerves ! Don't you envy him :" " No," I said, turnin- as I left the room; u " upon my soul I don't !' 1 fancy Mr.Incpen stared a little as I left , I would not pass to-night at 31,5 Soutb Audley street, if I had the housereut- frgofor'' the rest of the season. No, upon my soul, IT; do not envy Mfr. do Rosay to-night, nor his " wife either ! But perhaps she has iron neeves, too. -:." 