~t=> A T=?.H,TA.3S/[:E-lSrTA-H-5r JOTTINGS = -A- "'NO-CONTIDEKCE" SXTTXXTGr. mHEHK ia always something worth waiting for when a no-c<>nfi(lence de bate " takes the (lure " in the Legis lative Assembly. Honourable mem bers are then seen at their liveliest) the humourists of the House rise to the occasion, and I rot out their very best joKes, and the clowns go through their hot - poker } business with im mense eatiafaciion to themselves and Ijieubtire to the RHlJeiie*. A great deal of latitude is permitted members when addressing themselves to the question of turning out the Government, nnd most of the Opposition and Corner speeches bristle with personalities, most of them harmless enough. Sometimes "a red hot one out of the box " will be launched, and then there is a row. Hut Mr. Speaker keeps euch a tijtht rein, and has his tenm BO well in hand, that he generally succeeds in stopping a kick over the traces. Sir Mathew Davies's methods with unruly members are very simple and very effective. He knows when oil should be poured on the troubled waters, and pours it freely. In nine caaes out of ten this treatment is effective, but there are times when language suggestive of some terrible power in reserve is used. This is not spoken i:i anger, but in quiet and silvery tones that give additional weight to its effect. Even the one or two fiery un tamed spirits on the left quail before the calm and deliberately-expressed intention of some THE A'lTOHNKY-UKKKlUL IN KETIRKMENT. thing that will be done it the unparliamentary words are not at once taken back and apoloey made. Daring the late wont-of-confidence debate Mr. Wrixon " came out of hia coat and hat," and made one of those telling clear-cat speeches which seem to h:i vesunk deep into (he souls of tunny members. Some of liis plsrases must have rent them sore, and the beginnings of many Opposition speeches were intended to give Mr. Wrixon "fits." But if they did he made no sign, and they slid off like the water from the proverbial duck's back. With his hat well down, his head resting on his hnnd, his legs crossed, no eign of life about him, lie sat hour after 'THE HON. GALLANT, LEARNED, AND TOUTHFOL TATLOIl." hour like a statue, not even moving when ft debater exceeded the bounds and was called to order. Moat speakers who at tacked Mr. Wrixon seemed to take a fierce and savage delight in denouncing his utterances as " Wrixonian." This ought to have been ft crusher, but it wasn't. Like the British at Waterloo, Mr. Wrixon didn't know when he was beaten, and refused to retreat. Captain Taylor's many friends took great exception to Mr. Wrixon's reference to him as "the honourable, gallant, learned, and youth ful Taylor." The member for Hawthorn seemed to mind it very little. His heavy black moustache just rose a trifle, and his right hand passed mechanically to his left side, just where his sword liilt might have reposed had he been in full regimentals, and that was all. It conflicting emotions were stirring his boBom he did not show them, nor were any signs of a desire for swift revenue discernible. Vicariously BAILF.S MIMICS THE COMMISSIONER CUSTOMS. he suffered. The Commissioner of Customs, also, bad to bear a eood deal of sharp-shoot ing, and many were the taunts levelled at hie massive head. Mr. Bailes, the member for Sandhurst, was particularly severe on the Minister, and did a little bit of acting that was really good and characteristic. "He (Mr.Patteraon),"said Mr. Bailes,"used to come THE COMMISSIONER OF CUSTOMS EN JYING THE I CHAKACTER-ACTING OF Ma BAILES. I into the Opposition-room in a great hurry ' Boys,' he would say, pulling hie coat-sleeves back and running his hands through his hair, 'Boys, we must do something to get these beggar6 out!' " The House roared and the Minister smiled, but it WBB the smile of Abner Dean, when MEMBER GETTING UP HIS SPEECH IN THE LIBRARY. tne cnuntc ol old red sandstone caugnt him in tne abdomen. Many speeches Bmell ot the lamp. The member for Carlton owned that be always read up before he BddresBed the House. 1 There have been occasions when speeches have been delivered in the Legislative As sembly in the form of versp. Some members write out their speeches in full, learn them' and when they net on iheir legs every word goes clean out of their heads. One represen tative who is tiring the tHouse by putting himself continually in evidence, made tre mendous preparation for an ovation. He crowded himself with books and papers and notes to such an extent that when he required an extract he could not find it. In wandering through the precincts of the House one gets an occasional glimpse of a member leading up for the great effort which is to electrily the House and delight his constituents. STRANGERS WAITING IN THE QUEEN'S HALL. Night after night will a member sit stewing away at facts, and figures, and volumes of Hansard, until at length, like old Sol Gills (ride Captain Cuttle), "he fills his self so I chock full o' laming that it won't come I out' The galleries crowd quickly on the nights of a lively debate,and the sir \eglera who come afterwards have to wait about for admission in the Queen's Hall (on which the title of the " Whited Sepulchre " has been bestowed on account of its ghastly white appearance), while their cirds are sent in to some hon. member with whom they are acquainted or for whom they have voted. On a cold, wet night it id dreary work this waiting, listening to the cheers and laughter that buret forth every now and again inside the Chamber. These sounds of revelry make the waiting strangers very anxious, and whenever the messenger appears they draw near the door in eager expectation, each hoping that his turn has come at Inst. To fill up time they have resort to many devices. Examining the statue ot Her Majesty the Queen from all points of view is a favourite method of passing the time. Some take short walks to and fro, and stare at the policeman. Others try to obtain change ot position, from the continual standing, by resting on their umbrellas. None are ot a friendly or sociable turn of mind. They never get up conversations with each other. As they are nil striving for the same goal, they come to look on their fellow- waiters as enemies. They carefully avoid each other, and, like wild animals in a cige, pace up and down, always keeping a regu lation distance ani on their own track. The third ambassador is always a well-known figure in ihe Queen's Hall, and to this day there may be seen sticking out of his pocket the famous declaratory resolutions, somewhat the worse for wear, but quite ready for use when the time does come for them to do their deadly work. In the corridors members are interviewed by constituents. An explanation, perhaps, is wanted of the reason that sewing-machine ordered by the constituent's wife has not come is the corridor that runs across the end of the Chamber at the back of the Speaker's chair. Doors open into it from the Oppo sition and Ministerial eideeof the House. In the centre is the entrance to the Speaker's CONSTITUENT AND MEMBEB. room, a very co«y, comfortable apartment, in which Sir Matliew takes his ease when the House is in committee, and friends who visit " THE HONOURABLE MEMBER IS BEING MADE A TOOL OF BY THE GOVERNMENT." THEATRICAL STRANGKR IN THE GALLERY (fiOTTO VOCE) "EH? WHAT? WHAT'S THAT? ABSURD ! IM POSSIBLE? NO GOVERNMENT COULD DO IT." to hand. Tiie member, perhaps, has for gotten all aboat ir, but he, by l>ng training, is ready with an excuse which pirtly pacifies the irate voter. An adjournment to the re freshment room finishes the business, and completely drives the clouds away, and he goes back home (he has come down on a railway deputation) full of the doings and sayings ot " our member," which last the political gossips of the township for a month. One night last week the well known figure of Mr. Toole was to be »een in the strangers' gallery. He came in late, after he had finished at the theatre, and the proceedings s°erued to interest him very much. He may have been studying from life for a new sketch ; if so, he had excellent models. The debate was at its heiaht, and compliments were passing freely the Chamber at night call on him tOere, and leave again like giants refreshed. Within Itliese sacred precincts tbe gorgeous gown Sir Matthew wears on high days and holidays is kept. It is accommodated with THE SPEAKER'S COHRIDOR. from left to right k" The honourable member is being made a tool of by the Government." These words made the actor start in his seat, and he looked as if, like Hamlet's father's ghost, he was about to sneak. But he refrained and held his peace. Like the sailor's parrot, he only thought. Perhaps his thoughts were in the direction of the impossi bility of the Government creating another Toole. There is but one J. L., and he is his own prophet. A place frequently peeped into by strangers a stand of its own, generally surmounted by the wig. Sometimes ladies are permitted to see this superb creation, bat not often, as it is considered dangerous, espe cially as black brocade is so fashion :ible. The Speaker is a generous man, and it is feared that some day he will not be able to withstand the artful praisee of some fair lady, and that he will give the robe away to be turned into a visit ing-gown. In the background is the stair case leading up to the reporters' gallery. 