ItOliNDAIlOIJT NOTES. l*Y KAMBufiKt I was walking down me sitpc* tno uuiui ilnv nml some men wero removing a stump of a tree to make room for some improve ments in the shape of new buildings. Whilst watching the operation, someone remarked that the stump was the remains of one more of the Inn.i marks of the town, inasmuch as it wan under the shadow of the tree to which it lielonged the hrst goods ever disposed of nt tlm opening of (lie “rush" were stored. A truin of thought took possession of my bruin, aim visions of fortunes won *ml squandered —of bright hopes nud d'll; despair— crowded themselves on toy iwoo. In niy fancy I saw what was, and perhaps IS to this day, unSirliHiaioly, only too common on our gold joshes. Here, in this tent, is n young urnu, flnslied with manliood » vigor and hriglit hopes. He Ros eomo here, lured on !>v visions of boundless wealth easily woo. and as lie staried to work to sink his-’shaft (which nrw prove his grave) he thinks of the hriglit eyes und rosy cheeks of one who is waiting his call io come midi share his wealth with him. Six mouths after, or. may he,.less, look again into that tent! Surely, not the same man that we saw Iasi? worn,- hag gard and despon lent—hot'why pursue the theme further? There- is » brighter side, bui, iinforlnnatelv, it only- ones to prove the rule. I hope that! tree stump has a brighter tide to toil. Isn’t it strange what a- perverse creature the Anglo-Saxon is? H> n"r bountiful district (vnu see, I am quite acclimatised). tire loeusi-ptague, so I mminionm'd, made its.If very painfully evident last year, ami the-entomologist (Mr I-Wl\\) gave ample warning, that wherever it was last Jem it would deposit, its eggs in countless millions, to spring into lite- with the ad vent of spring, and wreak destruction wheresoever it appeared. Means of miti gating the evil were pom-lied out and every dav a note of warning s-mmled, witli the grand result that now it is a misery to attempt to walk anywhere in our locality.. Strange, very strange.. It ap parently struek the residents of cmr dis trict that the pest was to he had evory where but here—perhaps they, will take heed tiexL year before it is too late, boko the thistles 1 referred to in my last notes, ■ he evil will he attacked when it has ob tained such a hold that it will he almost impossible to dislodge it. Once more 1 appeal to t»y friend, " Chicot,” nml draw on his contribution. I make no apology:— A young. gentleman who lately left bia bomc.iii Emjliiml having exhausted1 bin cre lit, sent a cable t » his parents l'\?nr son was killed this morning by a railing chimuov ;. send instructions, hi repl), a request* was foiwarded that the remains should be-decently interred, and a remit tance for £20 was telegraphed to defray the expenses. The young gentleman pocketed the tnonev, and bad an elaborate spree. When in a condition bn* writing be sent a note u> his father : ‘ I bo'c just learned that an infamous scoundrel sent vou a fictitious account of my death, and swindled you out of £20. He also borrowed £10 or me, and left thecountr). I write to inform you that T nn still alive, and long to see yon all again. I ljav^ been rather unfortunate of late, and it you could spare me £’-0 I would be very ' thankful, dive my love to all.” He was perhaps a little surprised when the incom ing mail brought him the following digni fied reply :—***My dear son,—I have buried you once, ami tliut is the end of it. I decline to have any transactions with a j ghost.” I have no ambition to be continuously harping on one string, but the state of our main street on a Saturday night is anything hut n credit to the young men I of* the district. In the fust quota ot* | my notes 1 referred to some disgraceful scenes which were enacted on a preceding j Saturday night, and, unfortunately* that was not an exceptional one, as any night one tidies a walk lie ;eannnt be otherwise limn disgusted with the numbers of young men, who seem to have no object hut to loiter on the footpaths and obstruct the way. Our paths are not so wide that any room can he spared, and l have frequently i si-en ladies obliged to cross into the road way to reach their destination. If the sense of gallantry is not sufficiently strong to show them their ignorant ungracious ness, then the police should point it out to tin in—forcibly, if necessary. 