THERE IS evidently a « i, ing place in butler making fbdîù out the colony. Creameries fckve been established in several localities, and so far have succeeded beyond anticipation; large dairymen hhve also begun to send their cream to Melbourne. The cream is manufactured into butter on a large eqile, and kept in cool chambers until placed on the market. This : is decidedly preferable to sending it to Melbourne in close trucks during the" summer months, where it arrivesl* more like vi cart i_ grease than the , beau-"t tiful firm and hard material that is taken from the cool chambers at the Melbourne factories and handed, to the customer with every line of the print perfect. It frill be easily understood that butter prodttcèd under these conditions will fetcli' ^d or 3d per lb more than that made in, the country dairy. There is another important matter greatly in favor of the creamery- system,, viz., that large quantities of butter .can be made of uniform quality for shipping to the English market. Mr Maxfield^ of Flan's Creek, lately began to send hia cream to. Sfelbourne, and is Wry well pleased with the result. îïr J. Barnes with commendable enterprise is now erecting a plant in Callignee, and the venture will ^be closely watched by farmers in the district. Tse coal deposits now being prospected at Cauignee are proving most encouraging. The seam was in reality found some years ago, bilt no effort was made to lêarn its 'real value. Indeed lhe selectors o£ the neighborhood had some fear tî the existence of a seam of coi known to the. LancUi Dep; they would no t be able tb _ holdings, and thus it was their to remain mute. T*>e in attention now. devoted to the v coal industry in Victoria has had the effect of reviving interest in the Callignee deposit. The outcrop has been washed bare by a creek, and shows two distinct seams, each about 2ft 6in thick, with a bed of fire day between 4ft thick ; the locality is D. and J. Draffin's selection. A quantity of the coal has been got and brought to Traralgon, it is of a dull black colour, and a decided improvement on all brown coals. A shaft has- latterly been put down to- the seam, some distance from the creek, and five feet of solid coal was found, the band of fireclay having almost disappeared. The seam is firmerand denser than on the creek, but otherwise the coal is much of the same qualify Undoubtedly the find may be ranked as the most valuable yet brought to light in this district, and there is a probability of some thing better being found, for it is not _ at all unlikely „that another distinct seam will be discovered at a lower depth. It is the intention the party who are now prospecting the locality to thoroughly ascertain the value of the ground, and, if satis factory, steps will be at once taken to develop the find. ^ Hie fact that black coal has been discovered at the Tyera and at Callignee, and also at Foster, tends to show that a bed of good coal underlies the whole or part of the country from Traralgon through Callignee to the coast, and that the coal found at the Tyers and Callignee is but the out crop thrown up by some violent action, hence .the necessity that the country should be prospected with the aid of the diamond drill. Within easy reach of the coal at Cbllignee' are to be found tiany valuable substances, such as fireclay; porcelain clay, red and yellow ochre, blue stone, and other things, so that there should be quite enough -of tempting morsels in the neighborhood to induce a large outlay of capital in order that the utmost may be made of these products. It is highly opportune that steps are now being taken to construct a tramway to Callignee, as the coal and ftther products of the district would be of very little value without some such cheap and ready means of transit, and it will bè a most simple matter to load the coal : by means ot a shoot into the trucks on the tram line. We have reason to believe that the promction of this new industry is in good hands, that thus unaccountable and vexatious delays will be avoided, and that ère many days we shall have a definite report before us. J; | j Messrs Tayler Bros.* dentists, will pay their periodical visit to Traralgon ou j Friday next, 17th Inst. Several largembbs of sheephave passed Traralgon of late, on the Way to ataljgna Further np die Une. Within the paît 14 days about 10,000 head hare gone through and more mol» are on the road. Tne ^Prospecting nte ofoperations on ... has since been elected by Mr W. H. Thompson, and is now ready for active operations, awaiting the contractor. "" ~ * ' of , l& Robert Mai win be son EUiotfa f intiièlistnfsucoessMefn; matrunlation at tiie Melbourne ^i^^^J^^M^was tutored at MrHugh Brown of Glengarry, met with. A accident last week. : He went; into tin stye to feed a pig, when the animal attacked Um and ** chawed " off two of his finiras. ' Tben is said to be a fise in (jhe pnee of baoon at Œengarry. .- 1 rhè fïïk trade^-*mTrat«lgonmay now be considered an established indnsby. Since tte am year - commenced higher prioss arë obtainable, ~and it is now comparatively easy to enter into a favourable oonba«t for the coming 12 montbs,so tfaat those wno contemplate «ending their milk awar, wotdii tie well lejetarf at wee. - - n : • We «re^axteemriy aorry to learn tbatOr J. Peterkin Î m aunereda relaps^ and is n conf^edtehis tod. Prior to lut day he liras progressing favourfcnfl' in :"%he evbnîng took a littie exorcise on the verandah, and it" Is pre-' earned tha^ he took fresh cold. The relapse is causing some anxiety, as Mr Peterîdn has now been laid up for nearly five weeks.: A meeting of the committee of the Mechanics Institute' was held on Thursday. Presen t—Messrs Jones (president) Henden, Fettit, and West. The secretary presented the annual balance sheet-of receipts and expenditure, which wias found to be satisfactory, and it will be laid before the annual meeting of members, on the 22nd inst. Several accounts were passed for payment, and other important business done. A general meeting of Progress Association is called for Thursday evening _ nekt, . . ? am t n S e for a ^epatation to the Railway Commissioners on their annual inspection of the Gippsland line, to take steps' to ensure a through m.aîl to. -the • South via Callignee, and à daily mail to Walhalla From Traralgon. A full attendance of members is splicited* A great deal has been said about the mail arrangements ; for the settlers in Callignee, Bulga, rand North' Devon, and it. has been repeatedly shown that Tetters jrom Bulga to North Devon (though there is but 8 or 10 miles between the two plao s) have to make the circuit of Traralgon, Rosedale, Carrûung, and Yarram before -reaching their destination. We are pleased; to say that steps are now being 'advance the TrayaU gon- Callignee tramway another stage. MrSBodgrass left for: Melbourne yesterday morning for the purpose of conferring with the financial sgents, with the view of forming a company and placing the line on the market at once. Messrs J. Barnes and T. A. Pettit are thej lecal guarantors for the preliminary expenses of surveys, &c.;, in conjunction with Messrs Macmeikan, of Melbourne. A few days ago the Ports and Harbors department sent a steam launch, lifeboat and rocket apparatus to the Lakes Entrance, the laiinch -to be used for taking daily soundings of the depth of water at the entrance and t* be under the charge of the pilot there. The lifeboat and rocket - apparatus are for saying lite, and a crew is being, got together for the boat from amongst the fishermen and others at the ~>lace'. jU^s, expected that eveiy thing will te got into : iuu {worLing. order directly. We would snggttt to- 7 the council * that d$&otage; mig^'Pk^akën oftbé prèéfence of a boring plant in the "district, to sink for water m Traralgon. No one will deny that an artesian well would be a great boon, as the residents of the town are often inconvenienced through the scarcity of water, and there is little doubt but that a good supply could bs obtained at a reasonable depth. A meeting of the Fire Brigade was held last night—Captain Rogers in the chair. A communictaion was received from the Association asking what number of tickets are required for Brigade and Band for Sandhurst Demonstration, which is to take place on the 11th of March. Members wishing to proceed to the Demonstration must send in their names at once to the captain. The roll is now being revised, and die members are going into active practice. The lonal Board of Advice held their usual meeting on Thursday last, when the following correspondence was dealt with. —From the Departmënt, stating that there was no necessity to increase the accomidation at the Boola Boola school, as there waa comfortable provision for an attendance of 30 scholars, and that the average had not yet reached that number. Certain repairs to the school would be effected and the ventilation attended to Reoeired. Mr Woodruff, of the Traralgon Soath School, applied for a holiday on the 20th inst, and also for permission to move the Post Offcifittings into the schoolroom. Both requests were granted.—From the Truant offioer, forwarding list of irregular attendance at the Schools, with his report on same. Received.—This concluded the business. Miss Hilda Temple and Mr F. W. Montague will appear at the Mechanics Institute on Friday next, the lYth inst, in a . dramatic and musical entertainment. Miss Temple was upwards of three years leading actress in the late Disney Roebuck's Company in South Africa—Mr Elton, the Melbourne favourite, being the low comedian—where. she gained ihe highest encomiums of the press, especially as " Jo," which she played over five hundred night*. Mr Montague is well known among English opera goers at home, being a fine exponent of " Mephistophiles," " Don Jose," &c;, " He," says the Birmingham Post, " possesses a magnificent voice, known as'Basso Cantante/and ÎB a past master of his art." Madcm» Syend SimonBen. we are glad to see, has kindly c- nsented to preside at the pianoforte. • A good arrangement has been made in the prices of admission, family tickets to admit fivoto reserved seats being issued at a great reduction. Mr G. C. Miln, the eminent tragedian, gave a masterly performance in the Mechanics Institute on Fridsy evening last, and deserved a much better bouse than was actually present. Mr Miln is without doubt one of the most accomplished Shakeperian actors of the present time, and his delivery throughout the evening left noth ing to be desired. His performance of the ghost scene from Hamlet was received with well merited applause. The grave yard scene was also canitolly rendered, as also was the '"Forum" scene and _ "Mercntio's Dream." The evenings entertainment was brought to a «lose with a very faithful and pathetia rendering of Dickens' "Christmas Carol." Mr Miln's accomplishments as an actor are evidently of a very high order 