! A SERIES SHORT 8TORIES, By J. &L;&BSDEK; SDTCLIPFE. ISo. 1. —TEE CROSS HALL TRAGEDY. ; ... 1L An'iiftjuest was held In due coune on the body'of Timothy Bradburn, who had been eo ~ leBy slain, when a startling array of facts ~~ .presented tending to implicate Frank itrail aa the perpetrator of the crime. It be convenient to state the circamBtanoes orn to before the Coroner In at succinct a' sjpoaeible. - They were as follows:— , t Frauds Treatrail and Belina Gubbins, growing alarmed at the noB-appearanoe of their master, when his usual time for rising was long since past, entered -his -room and fjoond the body of Mr. Bradbam lying half in and half oat of bed, tearing the marks of a terrible in jury on the bead, from which tbe blood bad flowed freely, forming .a large pool on the floor. This waa proved on the testimony of Selina Gubbins. and the position in Which the body was found was subsequently corroborated by the police, who also added that there werano aigns of any Btruggle. The bedclothes bad not been distarbed, bsyond being turned back by the deceased, who on being aroused-out of sleep, and diacoverlag the presence of a midnight maarader in bis room, appeared to have attempted to rise for the purpoae of grappling with his assailant. when he was immediately struck down. That the bedroom of tbe deceased contained a safe in which be was accustomed to deposit his securities and valuables. That an attempt had been made by the use of a crowbar to- detach this safe from the wall, with a view to carrying it off bodily, bat that poBsession had been obtained of the old man's keys, which were found ia the iook, and the contents of the safe had been removed. The safe was absolutely empty. That there was fonnd standing oa a table near tbe bedside a Btiff glass of brandy and water, which appeared to have been left, barely tasted, and this had been handed over to the medical men for analysis. Their report was that the brandy and water was strongly impregnated with laudanum. It was farther shown that Mr. Bradbam was not in the habit of taking landanam with bis brandy and water. The circumstance was relied upon to indicate that the criminals (whoever they might be) had not contemplated murder as part of their proceedings, bnt had relied npon the drugged liquor ensuring the old man's quietness whilst they peaceably obtained possession of hia hoarded wealth. Farther, the circumstance showed that either the criminals had accomplices within the house, or that the crime bad been perpetrated by some member of Mr. Timothy Br ad bora's establishment. That, lying on the floor of the bedroom, apparently dropped there by aocident when the spoil was removed from the safe, was found a large diamond. That the late Mr. Bradbi'n. shortly aft®' a fann'i"! Bavt fr.ilur*, had expressed hiaisel f on many occasions in very atropg 1 terms of incredulity a boot the safety Of Banks and public investments generally, and bad made no secret of the fact that he had turned his securities into cash, and bought diamonds with (be prooeeds, at which time alio he purchased the safe. Thfc'j the lock of thehalldoor atthe front had been violently broken, in a manner evidently meant to eoggoet that entrance toad been effected from the oatside, bat that a more carefal examination of the itactics pursued revealed that tbe lock had not been bant open from the oatside, bat wrenched off from within, as the impression leit by a crowbar on the jamb clearly showed. - The damage inflicted on the oatside of the door was therefore. an afterthought^ which bad been acted upon in order to-start the police on a false soent by raising a suspicion of burglary. That every other door and all the windows were foaad securely fastened, and there were no means of entry andioated, except' saoh as were furnished by <the ball door in front; showing that as tbe iook bad been removed from within, and not by battering the door On the oatude, the crime most have been oommitted by one of the inmates, or by aome one acting in coUuaten with thoBe within. In thia connection, (the attempt that had been made to drug tihe old man by mixing landanam with the beverage that be was in the habit of taking wken he retired to rest became of startling significance. The attempt to drug Mr. Bradburn had undoubtedly been made by Borne person oa the premises. The mferenoe seemed inevitable—the crime bad been committed by the same hand. . That the shirt of Francis Trestrail, wbicb he was wearing 1 on the morning that the •border was discovered, had several large spots of blood on the front, and a large smear of blood on the sleeve of the left arm, as though made in wiping off the stains from a bloody thumb and forefinger, and that the stain on the sleeve having been fintnotioed by Sergeant Williams, the Btains on the front had been voluntarily shown by the prisoner himself. I That further BParch had failed to detect any other stains on TreBtrail'a clothing, and that the clothing worn by ,the rest of the household had been subjected to the doee«t scrutiny without discovering any evidence to connect them with the crime. . That Trestrail professed himself unable-to account for the presence of these stains on his shirt, but contented himself with affirming hia innocence. That foar large diamonds, similar in size and lustre to the one found on the floor of tbe deceased man's bedroom were discovered in TrestraiT-s waistcoat pocket, j That Trestrail was the first to appear in response to John Gnbbin'e endeavours to rouse the family; that such an event as to find the whole household asleep on his arrival at the farm had not ocdurredin John's experienoe before, and that Miss Baddeley had only b6eh wakened with mach difficulty ait 9-0'olock in the morning, and when seen Hy 1 theJdcwtor, on bis arrival atiO o'clock, she was found suffering, not only from shook tb .the sfstdm, occasioned by her indiscreet visit to Mr. Bradburn'e room, bat,from the effeots of narcotic poison.. It was .suggested, therefore, that the household had been drugged, after the manner of the abortive ajttempt made to drug Mr. Bradburn. That all attempts made so far to trace the missing property had resulted in failure, though every, ropm and hiding place in Cross Hall had been searched diligently. Ia conducting their Search the police stilted that they had not thoneht it right to neglect the premises of John Gubbins, bat nothing was ftrand to uaplio&te;, honest John with the crime. - f • [Finally, the medical testimony ran to the effect that the deceased had died from a fracture of the skull, which waa horribly shattered, and that a crowbar, such asinight have teen employed to dislodge the safe from the wall and to wrench off the lock from the Imll door, would be a likely weapon to produce the woupd, Farther. that the body had teen examined by the. doctor at 10 o'clock in the morning, and,-from the appearances presented, death must have taken place ten or twelve hours earlier. . The family usually retired to rest soon after 9; BO that, assuming the murder to have taken place at 12 midnight, the murderer had seven clear Honn at bis disposal to secrete the prooeeds <4 the robbery and tbe crowbar, before the arrival of Gubbins at 7 o'clock, the hoar for milking at that season of the year. > When theee facts had been.'marahalied before the Jury, Trestrail, who was present custody, was asked by the Coroner whether he iTjahed to give evidence, Trestrail declined. I "I know nothing about the murder or the robbery," he said, "so that it would be qaite useless forme to be sworn. I admit that the eyidenoe makes the case look very black against me, but before the Jury aay I am gbiltyofthis horrible deed, I will ask them a* men of common sense whether they think that if I had been artful enough to. plan this, crimO—to drug everybody, tobZde tbB stolen pfcopdrty and the crowbar that hbs been talkefl about, l ehonld have been each aa <Ater;foql as to have gone about wearing a sfirt Btamed with the dead man's blood, and oairy: about with me part of the missing property, and even leaving behind in the ludjbasln in my room such eviff- ace of my attpposeft- nult t I- have nothing »• ore to say than that lam Innooent, -and that after re tiring .to Test on the night of the. murder 1 rfemember nothing until I was awoke by hearing John Gubbins knocking at the door." i" Aa yon are not legally represented here te-day," said the kroner, "I may inform 5*>u that tbe prints you-have jost-mentioned we not without interest to this enquiry, bat they are bot evidence unless ybft make these statements after coming to the table to be sworn. More than that I do not think it canrfstent with my daty to say. I do not wi9h i* sayipg so mnoh, to hold oat any indacement tp you to : give evidence ia connection with tbiB case, or to dissuade you from doing so, if'you 4feel inclined to submit to an examination, "Yon can either give evidence or reserve your defence," ;" I Will lake the latter oonne, and reserve my defence," the prisoner said. • Thee the Coroner began to aat& tip the case to the Jury, J i "Wehaye ^iast," he said, "reached thennal St^e of thia preliminary enqairy. ^I'at our late lamented friend, Mr. Timothy Bradbnrn, is no more, ia unhappily too true. Th&t; he has not died from disease, or by the judgment of God, or by his own hand, is also too clear. You are sworn to enquire into the manner in which the deoeased met hia death, after the medical' testimony yoa will bav% mo difficulty in showing by your verdict that 4K has met hie death by a foul and horrible mtsder. So mach as this is clear. 1 " This is one of those -cases In whtah the element of mystery <h -conspicuous by its absence. We have not to search into hidden causes to find a motive for this crime. That motive was robbery, as the open aafe, standing empty of itB -contents, proves without a shadow of doubt. It appean that the deceased gentleman had grown alarmed in consequence of a well-known Bank failure,! nd doubting—unreasonably, I mast say— t he security of all public investments, had Oonverted bis securities into cash, which he employed in the purchase of diamonds, making no secret of what "he had done. To 6btain possession of these diamonds, and they must have been of great value, since Bradburn was in the enjoyment of an txcellent'income'and had lived .frugally for many yean—was the motive of acime evildisposed person or perectes' that ultimately issued is thia dreadful tragedy. It is ia the indeavour to ascertain who that person or those persons were that our difficulties begin. 8uch difficulties as are presented by this case seem, however, to be more apparent than real. c • ; " First of all we mast regard it as quite certain that when the robbery of Mr. Bradburn was resolved-upon murder formed no part of the scheme. That la shown bythe abortive attempt that was made to drug "the poor gentleman into unconsciousness by mixing laudanum with his nightly potion of brandy and water. Unfortunately for himself, the deceased did not drink of this deletion, otherwise he would have, been alive now, and tbe robbery would have been committed without interruption, and the criminal would have stopped short of murder. " Bat that was not to be. Whether Mr. Bradburn, having tasted of his glass, found something unpleasant in its flavour and laid the glass down will probably never be known. It is certain that be did not drink it, and that as he was a light sleeper he was aroused by tbe noise made In the attempt to dislodge the safe from the w.a'l, and was then and there felled with some heavy blunt instrument, which inflicted each injuries that he most have almost immediately succumbed to their effect. " Who was the penon who sought to deaden the senses of the victim by administering a strong dose of laudanum? It oould not have been administered by any person ovUide Cross HalL The evidence on this point ia very singular. We have heard that Mr. Bradbnrn mixed his branny and water himself from a deoanter that was kept on the sideboard in the oak parlonr, and that thiB decanter was nearly empty; so that, when the deceased had mixed nis glass, he handed the deoanter to Selina Gabbins and instructed her to see that it was washed before being re-filled, and that the woman GabbinB washed the deoanter oat immediately with her own bands. Either the landanam was already in the decanter when Mr. Bradbnrn mired his glass or it was added afterwards. That is a point which it may be impossible to clear up, bat it mast not be lost eight of that the first of these alternatives is the more probable inasmuch as the decanter lay within reach and was not kept ur«?crl-3ct'nn.' r-tiitet th<?re is ni evidence to «hbw that any person oonld have obtained accesatoMr Bradburn's grogafterhe had mixed it. If theieforethe laudanum was poured into the decanter, it. is manifest that it aould only have been done by aome inmate of tbe houee who was well acquainted with the deceased man's babite. • " But that iB not'the whole of tbe evidence on this part of the case. We have this household, contrary to its-usual- habit, foand fast asleep when Unbbins arrived to .commence his day's work .at seven o'clock.; Oa the fact that Trestrail waa the fint to pat ia an appearance, after the witness Gabbins had remained knocking a long time, it is not neceBeaTy to comment. Taken by itaeif, there may be nothing in that circamstanoe, bat the Jary woald no doabt consider it along with the rest of tbe evidence. What was of more importance was, that Selina Gabbins, who had never ovenlept: herself before^ bad done eo on this occasion, and tbat MIES Baddeley was found at ten o'clock still suffering fromthe efiects of a narcotic. Gould there be a doubt that an attempt bad been made to drag the whole household, and tbat the narcotic had taken least effect on the prisoner, assuming even that he had drunk of it at all? : "By whom wasthe narcotic administered? Certainly not by any penons ontside .the ^alls of the establishment. -Selina Gubbins bad atated that she drew the supper beer and left it on tbe table ia the scullery whilst she obeyed a call from her master. Whilst the tjeer, ready drawn, was standing In the scullery, the opportunity waa afforded to add . the drag. Qn what passed, hgwe vermin those critical moments when Selina Gubbins left the beer in the scallery and returned for it, no evidence waa forthcoming. Bat coald there be a doubt Jthat such an opportunity tfaB not lost? The evidence on other points suggested the conchuion at which the Jury ought to arrive. At any rate tbe attempt was made by some person to drug Mr. Bradburn, and it looked exceedingly likely that die same attempt was made with better sbccess to drag tbe other members of ,the household. j " Did Trestrail drink of this beer ? Selina Gubbins thonght he did, fort would not swear it. There were difficulties about this side of die case not cleared up with all the coacSusivenesfl that could be wished, but the preaenoe within the bouse Of aa associate with the perpetrators of this crime, if not the actual perpetrator of it, was made out aatiafactorily. i *' Then to come to another part of the case. Were there any indications that a burglary bad been attempted 7 This was the opinion cs tbe police in the fint instance, when they ifent round to the ball door at the front, and saw ic apparently battered in from the outside. Bat a later examination showed -that the lock had been Wrenohed-off the door from Within, and that the blows delivered upon the door outside had been delivered wiih tbe object of diverting suspicion from the inmates, and to suggest that this was an ordinary case of burglary ending in murder. But,, thanks to the shrewdness shown by the police, that attempt to send them forth on a false scent was defeated. The clrole was thus narrowed, and the question npw for the Jury to consider waa this—Who waa that person larking withio, who, having obmpleted the robbery, and left Mr. Bradbpirn lying dead in a pool of blood, had Wrenched off the lock from the door, and tpen, to give an appearance of a burglarious entry into Cross Hall, had battered the door op the oiztaide, having first dragged the inmates lest they should be alarmed by the noise. - - • , - i" Three pfenons tonly, besides the deceased, were inmates of the hoase. Those were Miss Baddeley, Selina.GabbinB, .and Trestrail. There was nothing ~to connect feitherof the women with the orime, even if it were snppbsed that either or both were capable of such a'scheme.' whlcb maaifestedi a skill and Ingenuity worthy of a better deed. There onl v remained Trestrail. ' ["What about TreatraU? The Jary had beard evidence. No one kniM? who Trestrail Was, where he came from, or why he, a man of education, and superior to his avowed cUling in life, was acting in the hamble capacity in which he was foand as bailiff on t^is small farm? Treetraii'f unknown ante cedents must not be Allowed to press against htm unduly; but, tak^n conautMily with the'stainB of blood on his shirt, the diamonds, part of the proceeds of tbe robbery, found on nh person, atidjthe condition of the baudbasin in hia bedroom, showing that the murderer had washed bia guilty hands there, it must be admitted that there waa a oase made made out against Trestrail for him to ahbWtr, '•'Wliat Was his answer? That he was Innocent, and that he.ouuld neither account for the presence of thle stains 6n his linen nor the diamonds found in his pocket. They had hpard Trestrail's statement. That statement njaa not evidence, inasmuch as be had decEned to make it on oath; but it would ba eipecting too mnch from human nature to suppose that the Jary woald be able to dis- 'jss it entirely from mind. It therefore tcame his (the Coroner's) duty to remind them that whilst Trestrail undoubtedly made itrong point in bis favour by insisting upon t^e folly of him, a supposed murderer, walk- ' ig about and assisting the police in their iquiriea, with palpable evidence connecting htm' with the crime that be' Mad hid oppor- ".ty;Jto destroy, . there was, notwith- iding, another side to the matter, here was nothing more common than for iminalB to defeat themselves by ovenights lipe these, which men of prudence found it ' fficnlt to aooonnt for. It seemjd. fa fact, at an AlnugKty Providence saWUlfTo overle attempts to defeat the ends ofJaatica by rmitting criminals to go so faHtSad-io rther. It certainly did often occur %hat sfme elieht precaution. was neglected by ciiminalB, who made themselves secure on other points, which, if adopted would have ensured'fc heir safety, yet these oversights served to defeat their schemes and to direct suspicion to the guilty' and bring forth (feeds (lose in the darkness into the light of T'It the Jury were satisfied that the evidence connecting Trestrail with this crime was not to be relied upon they would say so bjr their verdict. But before they coald do that tk«.y must be satisfied that the evidence that the crime had been oommitted by some one within the house was untrustworthy, and that the stained garments, together with the proceeds of the crime found on Trestrail, and the evidence which showed that the murderer had washed his blood-Btained bands in the washing basin in the isoner's room, were all compatible with his Snocence. "In conclusion, it only remained to be pointed ont that the Jury had all the evidence before them that it was possible to procure. Only Miss Baddeley was absent from the enquiry, bat her absence was accounted for by the doctor's testimony. They had beard' that she had not recovered from the shock of seeing a beloved ancle lying murdered in his bed and was now lying prostrated by fever. If Miss Baddeley were able to appear it waa difficult to , imagine" what light she coald throw on the deed, Binoe the medical testimony was that she had either received a very powerful dose of the narcotic or that it had taken a more powerful hold npon her system. The Jury must remember that "they were not enquirlag lhto the manner in which the proceeds of the rpbbery had been disposed of ; that was a minor question which they mast leave the police to trace oat if they could. They were iquiring into the cauBe of thB death of Mr. ?radbnrn with the view of ascertaining first now he died and next by whose hand. Tbe matter now rested in Ihe hands of the J ury tp declare by their verdict an answer to these two questions." { Dosgett, who bad followed the laboured summing np of the C6roner, felt that that gentleman bad twisted a rope round Frank Trestrail'fi neck tbat woald want a good deal of untying'; and he wondered much how he Waa to accompliBh the undertaking, which in a rash moment be had given hia promise to Treatrail to attempt. > The room was oletted for a few moments whilst the Jury consulted together, but this Was more of a formality than a necessity. Tbe verdict, as every one expected, went against Frank Trestrail, who was oommitted to take his trial at the ensuing Chester Assieea'for the marder of Timothy Bradburn, of Cross HalL IIL. It is one of tbe defeota in the administration of the police, as it exists in this country, tbat when once the mind of "the force" is made up, and s theory of a crime has been adopted, it banishes all other alternatives from consideration, and goes steadily to work, raking together fact after fact that makes for the theory and neglecting every circuuiBtanoe that tends to its disproof. Thia is the explanation of many an unsolved mystery. If the records of orime wen ransacked, it woald be foand in many instances that the circumstances of the crime offered explanations widely different from those which were " officially" entertained, and that whilst the bloodhounds of the law were engaged in following ap a wrong clae the real clue lay close at hand, with the actual culprit in all probability living right nnder the noses of the officers of justice and enjoying their discomfiture. The Cheahire police had adopted Sergeant WilliamB's theory of the Cross Hall tragedy, and starting with the supposition of Frank Trestrail's guilt, strained every nerve to make the demonstration of his guilt complete. .What might have happeaedif they had accepted Trestrail'B denials as at least suggesting the possibility of innocence, and accepted that for their working bypotheaia, will be seen before the end of this atory ia reached. It must, howover, be admitted that appearances tcld hc2-.-;!jr against Treetrai!, tsuii that It would require a lsrger trost in haraan nature, than jt£e ordinary member of force poetesses to have ran away with idea that TreBtrail'a denials oorre«poB_„_ with some parts ol .bis conduct, jand £hat he waB, in truth, what he declared himself to be —innocent alike of the rohbeiry and the murder. The chain of evidence whioh they wound round TreBtrail was so strong "that it only wanted one thing to make it complete. That was to discover the hiding-place of the spoil and the deadly weapon, tnatjiad been used with such terrible effect on the night of the donble crime, -and trace the' possession, of these to the acoased. On the as sumption of Trestra^'a- guilt it waa possiblei of course, that tbe murderer had hidden or buried "tbe proceeds of the robbery somewhere in the neighbourhood, unless be had been acting in collusion with some confederate who had carried off the epoil to some place of safety. The medical tfPtimony had proved conclusively that Mr. Bradburn had been murdered some time between ten and twelve O'clock at night. Put in at tbe farthest limit, that the marder was committed, the oontentB of tbe safe packed np, tbe murderer had washed hia bands' in Trestrail's bedroom, and had broken away the look within iuid battered the door on the ontBide by 4>ne o'clock. John Gnbbina did not arrive until aeven. a That left tbe culprit nearly aix hours in which to dispose of hia booty. There was many a dell and cave, grown over witn a thick growth of underwood, Within a three-mileB radius of Cross Hall, BDown only to poachen and the like, that would have to be discovered before thepolioe aame on farther traces of that night's work. Such was their theory. - Some of these hiding places might never be discovered, unless the police could win the confidence of some 'oacber who. would consent to show them S is hauats. But this was an impracticable notion. The feud between the officen of the I4w and the humbler disciples of Kimrod in tbe County <>f Cheshire waa too deep to aidmit of reconciliation on terms that would have the effeot of placing every poacher in time to come at the mercy of hia natural enemies. Wben all search proved unavailing, the police fell back on the theory that Trestrail might have had accomplices, and they applied themselves to unearthing bis past in tie bope that thia might lead to the diacovery of some one who waa confederate with him in hia guilt But aa Sergeant Williams pat it pathetically , to .Doggett, •• When you don't know where a man comes from, or how he got hero, whether be came wings or whether he walked, what are you to do?" That Frank Trestrail had called ait Cross Hall in the summer and asked for work; that it eo happened Mr. Bradbarn was Tiors de combat and wanted the services of a man who could be trusted, and had engaged Trestrail; and that Trestrail understood hiB business thoroughly, and was'asked to stay on after harvest, "and aid BO stay, was all that rewarded Sergeant Williams's enqai- ! And so the weeks wore on and Chri-t-na« came and went, and the date fixed ior thr Winter Assizes at Chester drew on. ; Trestrail lay in gaol jpt Chester growing, more acd;more apathetic aa the day when be must be tried for hia life approached. The Chaplain, 1 who waa a kind-hearted man, strove In vain to administer consolation to the-wretched, prisoner. In trntb, tiie Chaplain'e resources were limited. The ^whole Gonnty of. Cheshire was ringing 'with the ttrrible tragedy at Craw HatiTand ao fierce was the animus against the prisoner that there were aome doubts whether he wodld receive a fair triaL- Although the Chaplain did not share in the prevailing animus -he was convinoed of TreBtrail'a gailt. What obnaolation could he offer* eo situated, to a man who would talk about nothing else When he did talk, which was seldom, but about the crime laid to his charge, and who never ceased to reiterate his own innocence ? It waa not the Chaplain's, cae to discus the cjinie with Trestrail;. but what waa the poor man to do when Trestrail would speak of nothing else ? "I don't want sympathy," he would say, "I wan't help; I don't want consolation, I Want justice—jastfee, mark yon, that doesn't err—;justice with her eyes -open, swift to dia- - cern between the innocent and the gniltv, and that does not leave the guilty'to go free whilst the innooent ia being detained behind these grim walls." 'At last Trestrail's fervid appeals for juBtice,' made some impression on the Chaplain's 1 mind, and he ventured one day to ask meekly. Have yon no friends?' - '"None," was the fierce reply; "notf a fitend in the wide world. Why do yon Mk ?" . ' " Because ff you have friends yon ought to communicate with them. To what purpoae !" " That they may assist yoa to break through these toils, ao be that yoa are irbocent." "Why, man, my.friends i^ore mourning fdr me five yeara ago r- Th6y believe me dead, and my brother has the estate that should be mine." P' How can that be?" asked the Chaplain, r'ln this way.' I got Into trouble—never nnnd what it waA about—it was not felony— aid 1 enlisted in' the line. We were' sent oat to India, and the vessel went down, Tbere were only five of ua saved. . £ bad had enough of the army, and took to the sea with my four companions. I landed at Liverpool nine months ago, and. thought of making for. home. . X 'found out' that my farther was dead, and my yotinger. .brotne'r was reining la. his stead—or rather in my Btead. The trouble tint I had run away from was Btill alive. I walked from Liverpool, intending -Jto M through Chester to WaleB, careless whithet I went, but meaning to keep qniet. until I; coald decide what to do next. I called at CrosB Hall on my way to Chester, and the rest you know ; or if ,you do not know, the newspapers will tell, yon—and a good deal more than IB tone " " Then your name is not TrestraU?" the Chapl∈ asked. " It is not. Ask me no further. If I coald see any hope of breaking through thia terrible .web that they have woven rOuna me, eo that I could look my. fellow-men in the face without shame, I would reveal my situation. But ours ia an old name, and it shall never be known that one of our blood perished on the gallows." From this determination the worthy Chaplain strove to move the man in whom he began to feel a profound interest. Bat Trestrail remained obdarate to every argument , and nerved himself to meet his fate, -Finding him obstinate on this point, the good man wrought a deed that deserves to be recorded to bis honour. He sat down patiently to listen to Trestrail's brief aocount of what be knew, whioh waa little enough, and he listened as one who believes ever; word that he hears. Trestrail coald only tell, the Chaplain that he was the fint to go to rest on the night of Mr. Bradburn's mucaer, as he was the first to rise in the morning. He had worked hard that day and was very tired. After supper he felt himself very drowsy and went to bed. On:reaching hia room, he ft-It so weary, that after disencumbering himself of hia coat and waiBtcoat he threw himself on tbe bed to sleep, and remembered nothing more until the following morning, when he was aroused by John Gabbins knocking at the door. When Gabbins drew his atteation to the stains on his ahirt, be did not know what to make of it,, bat he Mt so heavy that he did not tronhle about the matter until the murder was diBOOvered. Then he grew too dazed to think until the police came. AB he knew he was innocent he expeoted that the arrival of the police would be followed up by some discovery that woald exDlain the entire occurrence; and when he accom- anied Williams and Doggett to the hall- at the front of the build iu?, and saw Soor thedoorBmasbedin, he considered the crime,, was explained, and thought nothing of the. blood stains on his penon until his attention waa directed' to the ameer on hia eleeve ; " and then, 9 he said, " I opened my waistcoat and showed tbem tbe stains there." " And what theory have you formed of the crime ?" the Chaplain asked. " I am tired of thinking out and wearing theories," Trestrail answered. "I have thought the matter over and over, nntil I have nearly thoaght myself daft. When I have pieced a theory together I find it broken to pieceB as soon aa I begin to ask, ' Who dragged tbe liquor f If I coald aariddle that mystery the rest were easy. It seems as if there could only be three persons for it—Selina Gubbins, Nanoy Baddeley, or myself. I didn't, Selina wouldn't, she waa too deeply attaohedtoher old master; Nancy —I woald eooner think I had done everything myaelf, in my sleep, than believe that a gay, light-hearted girl like Nanoy could have become the companion of thievea and murderers. No," TreBtrail resumed, after a pause in whioh the Chaplain sat thinking, "I have thought that the thieves were hidden within—there are plenty of places in CTOBS Hall where men might bide—and that they came forth when all was auiet and decamped afHr completing their errand." , "But yoc forget tbe door,' aaid the Chapbun." " No, I have nofforgotten that. The look coald have been wrenched off the door in two miuutes by a strong man armed with a crowbar, and there may have been reasons why they should take.that means of exit." " Bat surely there was the key to unlock it!" "Not so!" IVestrail answered. "The door was seldom opened, except in the summer for the air, ana wben it was not in use tbere was no key there." " But yoa forget the marks oa the oatside," said the Chaplain. "If. as yoa say, that tcfeoE vf «Kit wm adepted tor rexuas sf their own, why should <|»ey have battend It on the ontside whenfthey hadmroed it from within'? If burglarabaa'aecr^tod themselves on the premises they would'npmrally seek to c irect •rajeion to the inmatea.* " Who ?JknowB?" Trestrail answered Wearily, £ I have ^kj^lpy$iU that qaeation a hundred times. ' The only explanation that I can think .of is that it may .bave been done in mere wantonness of triumph." " What I cannot undentand," continued Trestail, after a few moments' silence. In whioh both aat buried in thought, "it, how they dcctored the liquor! I caa undentand them doctoring the brandy, bat how they coald have doctored the beer in .the. few moments that Selina waa abeent, I .cannot fathom. One of tbem may have poured tbe laudanum into the sapper beer when Selina left it for a few minutes in the aouHery." Tbe Chaplain's ihooine' was nnall and his wants many,'bat he went iorth from thif interview with the prisoner to iastrnct his solicitor to pat in an appearance on Tree trail's behalf when his case came on for trial. - • • ^January oame in, oql£ and bleak, even for that inclement season of the" year, and before the month closed Frank Trestrail was lying nnder sentence, of death for the murder of Titootfay Bradburn, ol Cross HalL : Tbe Weak pointe in the case for the Crown were belatooured by a_riEing>oung barrister, who defended Trestrail TOtb relentless logic and a fine eoorn. He boldly etarted the •theory that his~ unfortunate, client was the victim of a vile oenspiracy, and tbat on the heads of the oonspiratora would devolve not only the gailt of the murder of Timothy Bradbarn, bat the guilt of tbe blood of the unhappy man then on-trial for bis life, if the" issue of tbat day's proceedings ended by dooming him to a felon's death.' _Theiline taken by the defence was that Trestrail had himself partaken of the noxions draught that had been administered to the net of the household at Cross Hall, and, while thus incapacitated, the assassins had diverted suspicion from themselves by staining his linen and putting in hia pocket a paltry portion of the spoil It was a daring and ingenious theory/supported by keen argument and powerful eloquence. Bat when -the Judge began to sum up In eyen, level tones, adopticg the theory of the prosecution- and treating the facts, e worn to by the witnesses, in a narrative and dramatic Sfyle, there was probably no one in Conrt, and least of all Trestrafl himself, who felt tbat tbe trial could have ether than one ending. When the Judge had oonoladed his dnmatio narrative of the facta deposed to, be turned to the theory aet up for the defence, and having complimented the.coanael on the skill with which he had conducted: his oase, be proceeded to shatter the theory that he had broached. The defence, be said,;«oiild not be dismissed as Idle and imponible per Bat was it sustained by any ^evidence? Yea, there v. as one piece of -evidence, and only one! It was that the-primier bad conducted himself with the- air -of an innooent mac throughout hia-Assopiatiaa. ^ith.-- rthe. xwn •t.iliinc.nititTi tiiii *"™Tt*featiftn into tbo crime Was proceeding, and in conformity with that role he had negleoted to destroy the evidence that tended to connect him directly with the crime.' Bnt waa that solitary piece of evidenoe—if it were evidence and not exquisite acting—to be placed in the scales against the case for the prosecution, tbat had been prepared with BO mach care, and the evidence upon evidence tending to an>«ppoBite copcIuBioik jthat the Jnry'bad beard with themown-ear§? Wljp \yere these mysterious WiassiDS ? — where were they now ? How had they managed to visit and leave the neighbourhood without betrayingitkeirpteefenjbe? tfbwbafttbey contrived to enter this dlirman's dwelling by ;alth_? What opportunity coald they have , d without the assistance of aome one within to interferf t^e: mqTd ered man's dbmeatic affairs prehmihary to the crime by pburing laudanum into the brandy decanter, ppurine the same drag into the jag of sapper beer ? On these pointfftha defence was altogether silent. It waa a theory without evidence to support it; and in the judgment of twelve honeet jaea 4£ would, -receive the attention it'dtfifved^but iiot to the exclusion of the clear and unfaltering testimony that had been given by the witnesses for the Cxown. [And so Frank Trestrail was left for death, a^id on the last day of the month he died on the scaffold for the muider at Cross Hall. JTherewaa one man in Court when the prisoner's counsel urged his plea who waa convinced by it. That man was the young officer Doggett. :.Let ua look now, for a moment, at Croas HalL The new master. William Bradburn, wpo, in default of a will, succeeded to the estate, had not yet taken np hia abode then. Ece bad shrunk from any steps towards claiming bis inheritance, until after Frank Tpestrau had paid forfeit with hia life for the d^ed that had been done in the darkness at Cross HalL To those who congratulated him on succeeding to the estate, and condoled wjth him on the serious diminution: in the fcrtnne that came to him, owing to tbe robbery, he gave ever the same reply:— "9We mcBt wait a bit, It is too early for either congratulation-. «r rooadoknea at present.^ iResnairaayipeak, and If he'oont fefcees, he may tell whatne has done with the itents of the safe; and when those are ind, there may be a will; and it may chanoe ,t my name is not in it," lo Willifcn' B^burnlre^fel gtjllJslrlth his ther In their uMle cottage a milt Jkway frbm Cross HalL He continued to act as bailiff on tbe estate where;he was employed, and (generally conduoted himself in an exemplary manner that Bent Mm up many degrees higher in [k>prilar £atnnation; and already his position stood high, as a steady, well-conducted young fellow, unassuming in manners, and with a good knowledge of hia " t e & t n i i S ^ W Ing any confebsion of gailt, bat affirming his innocence to the last Before being led forth for execution, he had extorted a promise from the Chaplain that he would lay a dying man's oommands on Doggett, and bid him remember his promise. 'After Trestrail's execution, then was no reason why William Bradbarn ehoald hesitate to take np the position of his ancle's heir. Tbere was no will to be disoovend. If any will bad been made it had been removed with the other contents of the safe. But the fact that Timothy Bradburn had not consulted any lawyer with regard to his testamentary intentions was held to negative the idea that a will was in existence. Timothy Bradbnrn had in fact died intestate, and William Bradburn had no difficulty in obtaining letters of administration, by which he became possessed of the heritage of his fathers. The moment long looked-for by Nanoy Baddeley, with feelings of increasing dread and dismay, drew near, when William Bradbam would be installed #i master at Cross Hall. • ' ^ . . fc For many weeks since she fell down in a dead ewoon in the bedroom of her uncle, after gazing oa tbe awful fightthat'Stnote oa her bewildered vision. Nanoy'sf' life* hitd hjing on a.thread. Nothing out her strong oodttitation enabled her to pull through the wearisome weeks of illness that J^llowed, The crisis of the fever- liekwdi'leaving her a very infant for sheer helpless weakness, and long after the fevar had left her, she remained in the same condition of <nt^er lassitude, completely baffling the akill'oT the doctor who attended her. ; Week after week passed by, daring which William Bradbnnr prbtead binfcielf an assiduous lover by the oonstanoy of his enqairie8. Still Nancy grew no stronger. The subject of the tragedy of Cross Hall was strictly tabooed in her presence by the doctor s solemn instructions. Nancy lying in Iter inert state waa too feeble to show a passing interest in the daily events of the farm. She rarely spoke, except in answer to aome question, and when she did speak, she did not refer tohar-ande'a death, and no intelll-. genceofwhat was passing was oommonioated to her. She had reasons of her own for not wishing to live, and it was this indisposition on her part to make any effort to rally that BO sorely baffled the physician.. - . Frank Treetrsil was lying: nnder eentenoe. of death before Nanoy was jiblfitp situp for a few honn: for at length her strong constitution prevailed over her mental inertia. She looked a poor shadow of her former self. Gone were tbe rounded outiftiei of her t&eeka; : and the bright carnation fldth ! Her faoe was pale and wan. Gone was the light of roguish laughter from her eyes I Her fine form had wasted away. It waa a ghost of the former Nancy that drew tears from the eyes of Selina Gabbins. When Nanoy was able to sit np for a few boars in a chair, spftly cushioned by Selina's kindly hands, Selina mold not keep back her tears as she beheld the bavoo that the long illness had wrought npon her. The good sou suggested that her nursling would be better if she wculd pluck up- her spirits and go downstairs; bat Nancy's eyes filled, and she motioned with her hand to Selina to desist. At last then oame a day when Nancy waa told everything that bad happened sines the day, wben horrified by the sight of her murdered ancle, shfe Tell down bra swoon. Nancy bunt into tears when she iearned that Frank Trestrail had forfeited hia life for the crime, and that William Bradbam was ow master at Cross HalL She wailed forth, R, Oh! I wish I wen dead too 1 Why didn't Jdie!" , ' V. Selina looked on in amassment at taia -outburst of sorrow. Sellna.knew not tkat 'Nancy waB about to becoiiftla mother,'abd tbat Nancy's bosom held the secret tnarthe father of her unborn babe was the murderer , of Ximctbi £f*£biira 