GENERAL NEWS. Sir Henry Parkes has forwardod communica tions to tho Premiers of Victoria ami South Australia ou tho subject of the Murray ltivor. With a view to meeting the requirements of residents in tlio suburbs tho Railway Commis sioners havo caused to ho prepared for gratuitous , distribution at tho priucipal stations on tho suburbau lines a number of local time-tables (one for each station) printed by means of photo-lithography on small white cardB which can be carried in tlio waistcoat pocket. Thoy have an extremely neat appearance and will prove very useful. On January 22 a miner named John Ralph met his death while working at tho Junction Company's mine, Barrier Ranges. Au inquiry was held ou tho fflst of that month beforo Mr. W. G. Gibson, J.P., who found that tho death was the result of an accident and that tlfore was no blamo to bo attached to anyone. The secre tary of thul Amalgamated Miners' Association at lkokon-liill, however, wrote to tho Minister for Justice asking that an inquest might be hold in connection with the matter. On the question being referred to Mr. Gibson and others it was stated that thero did not appear to be any necessity for an inquest. Somo further repre sentations have now, boon made to the Minister and more inquiry is taking place in regard to the affair. Tho Minister for Justico, having received from the Local Option League tho complaint ae to a breach of tho Sunday closing clause of the Licensing Act at tho Bathnrst railway refresh- meat rooms referred to nt tlio meeting of the Loaguo committee this week, has. called for a report upon the matter. A reply has beeu received to the cballongo recently issued to Mr. Henry George to dobate single-taxiflm with au accredited representative or tho Socialist League. Tho representative, Mr. Yewcn, was to have maintained "That tho Mingle Tax cannot abolish Poverty." The reply wan to the effect that under tho arrange ments already nuulo there would bo no oppor tunity of Mr. Georgo meeting a representative of socialism iu debate at present. .T11 the No. 1 Jury Court yesterday the case Miliune v. Tullj', a'11 actiou to recover posses sion of property, resulted iu a vordiet for plaintiff by consent, with leave reserved to defendant to appeal to the Full Court 011 points of law involved. Barker v. Lang was struck out, owing to the non-appearance of tho parties, in M'Grath v. Hill tho plaiutiff seeks to recover certain money which he ullogcs the defendant, who is a solicitor, owes to lwm. Plaiutiff! donies tlio indebtedness. The case stood as part heard when the court rose. The taking ot evidence in the case of Jennings and others v. Blunt and others, in which tho Court was called upon to /decide whether Fred. Blunt, tho builder of tho Agri cultural Society's grand stand, had "scamped " his work, was concluded iu tho No, 2 Jury Court yesterday boforo Mr. Justice Rtoplion. At to-day's sitting counsel will deliver ad dresses. Tho inquiry into tho wreck of tho s.s. Riveriim, near Rani'sjllead, in January last, was concluded before tho Marine Board yesterday. Evidence as to tho current that sots iuto tho shore having boon tendered the hoard considered theirdecision, llnding that Hie wreck was caused by tho wrongful act or defauW- of Cantuiu Carl Preh by setting courses which led to tho wreck or the vessel, and by not sounding or otherwise taking prccaulkiriH to secure the safety of the vessel during ha/.y weather. The ciptnin was cited to appear before the board on Monday noxt to show cause why his certificate should not bo suspended or cancelled. k Tin steamship Austi'iflien, one of tlio recent additions to the Meaeagories Afaiitimes service, in reported by cable to havo loft Suez f"i Aus tralia at midnight on the 10th inbt. Tbo new Ruamer Kaiser William, of the North German Lloyd line, is also reported to have sailed from Suez for tho colonics on the 10th inst. At iho committee meeting of the Butchers Union last night it was decided to write to tho Colonial Secretary, drawing his attention to the fact that Sunday soiling of moat was con tinually being carried onrnt shops iu Surry-hills aud Woollooniooloo, in, spite of tho Act prohibit ing Sunday trade. A deputation was appointed to wait on tho Colonial Treasurer. It' was re ported that two carcase butchers (masters), two delegates from tho Trades and Labor Couucil nnd two from iho union would constitute the deputation, which is to bring before the Govern ment tho fact of the evasion of tho Abattoirs Act by suburban slaughter-houses, which, it is stated, are under no nispcctiou. Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., waited upon Mr. Fehon, oiio of the Railway Commissioners, yesterday and presented a petition for compen sation on behalf of tho widow and seven uhil- dreu of tlio unfortunate man John Cranny, who was killed at Auburn last week by u girder falling upon bin. Ho was employed in" tho Railway Department for about 25 years, and bore ail excellent character. Mr. Taylor pointed out that Uie widow aud children wero left quite destitute, and begged the Commis sioners' favorable consideration of the matter. In tbo long room of tho Custom-house Hotel on Tuesday evening Mr. J. N. M.'Gnauno wa j entertained by a number of his fellow-clerks. | Mr. Penny, who occupied the chair, said that in j the ro-itaiangcmcBt of tho Lands Department 1 j jii3t ciffctcd the Under-Secretary had placed Mr. M'Guanne in a new position which would | require Much qualities as thoy all knew he pos- 1 seed. On behaif of all present lie requested \ Mr. M'Guanne t«» accept their best wishes for bin future oncccss, though bin' lo«n waa very much regretted by tho oflicern of his old branch. I Iu the course of Ilia reply Mr. M'Guanne Raid 1 that lie had been M years in the C. H. branch, i five of which had been spent as cleik in charge j of its records under the Act. of '81, and now 1 under another Act and under the re-arrange- j mont of the staff he was leaving them. He j thanked them for manifoi'ting in Mich mi j agreeable manner their .pleasure at Ilia new j appointment. Mr. M'Guanne then proposed " Tho O. 8. Braueli," which was re-qiouded to : by Messrs. Uarpur, Way and O'Brieu, re pro- 1 Renting the sub- branches. | The Fnfleld Council have been notified tin j the Postmaster- General has decided to ex- I tend tho delivery of letters by carriers through- ! out the district and to afford' the residents ot Knfleld a second delivery of correspondence daily. Tlio offer of the council-chambers for use as a post aud telegraph office will be con sidered in duo course. Some amusement was caused at the meeting of the Woollahra Council on the 10th inst. by the receipt of a letter from the gas company, in reply to a ooinmunicatiou sent by the council about nine . rnontbH ago. On March 2(5, 1889, the compmry 2 ex propria molu submitted to the council an offer to make a sensible reduction in the price charged for lighting conditionally on a greater number of lamps being used iu tiio munici pality and further proposed to extend the mains' to Watson's Bay if tho council would erect It) street lairvps in that locality. The council con veyed by letter, under date May 10, 1889, its consent to increaso the number of lamps by 10 per cent, and to satisfy the demands of the company in respect to the extension of tho mains. Commercial enter prise ia sometimes controlled by tbc\caution inspired by a belief that tho wisest polic'is to maKe haste olowly, and tho gas company cannot be accused of indifference to tho advan tages of leisurely deliberation, as they nave only just now thouglub it uece.03.1ry to acknow ledge a communication which had almost passed into the region of ancient history. The company accepted the terms of the agreement 'formulated by tho council in a letter which contained no internal evidence that negotia tions on the subject had been suspended. The compact is in a fair way .to final settlement, and before long the highways of the prosperous suburb, of Woollahra aro likely to be more brilliantly lighted and tho inhabitants of the Watson's Bay Ward will enjoy tbcTuxury of a supply of gas. The Newtown Council has decided to send a deputation to the Railway OoinmiRsioncM'with further reference to tho wideniug of Newtown bridge and the entrances to, the proposed now railway station at Newtown, as the department sceniod to-be under some misapprehension as to tho suggcstiQUs recently nuulo by the council. Tho Muciionaldtowu Council at their last meeting decided to appoint a deputation to wait upon tho Postmaster-General and urge upon him the necessity of removing the Mac- donaldtown jpo:st-offlee to a more central posi tion. It was also Miggeated that a telegraph office should be added to the postal arrange ments of tho borough. The council further decided to request the Government, at their owu expense, to asphalt tho footways round the public schools In Bridge, Swanston aud Malcolm streets. Tcsiurd»y , in (he No. 1 Jury Court, a witness was being asked a question in the caso M'Grath v. Hill. Tho reply which ho gave was not quite clear, and Air. Justice Windeyor, who was on the bench, interrogated him, ovidently with a view of obtaining a niqre explicit answer. Then Mr. Field, the counsel on tho other side, got up. "I should prefer, in justice to my client," lie said, " that the witness should answer any questions in his own way and that they should not couie out in response to re- 'marks from your Honor." Mr. Justice Windeyor looked up. "I will not allow obser-> vations to be made 011 tho war I put questions to a witness," ho remarked, rather sharply. "I uak your Houor now — — persisted the bar rister. " I will not allow any comments to be made ou what I do," said the judge, interrupt- _ iug hiin. Air. Field contended that be was not" makiug comments. "The whole proceeding," responded his Honor, "ia highly irregular." " Well," insisted counsel, "I'oi making no com ments. I'm merely asking your Honor to lot > tho witness do what ho wishes. "I am not toppiug him," said tlio judge. "You'll sit down, if you please." And Mr. Field eat down. With the object of enabling miners in tho country to compote 011 something like even terms with those who may be in the city nt tho forthcoming examinations for inspectors of metallic mines, the Alinistcr for Mines has approved of candidates who may pass a credit able examination being allowed the cost of the railway ticket ttf Sydney and back. » A correspondent, A. B., writes : — "There are numerous posting pillars in tho city for tho reception of newspapers. On some tho hours for clearance ara stated, whito in many cases. this is wanting and tho bald sign ' For Newspapers ' ; is painted up. Tho attention of tho Postmaster- General only requires drawing to nnd this tho matter should bo expeditiously remedied." Miss Pinkotono will deliver n reading ou " Alarley's Ghost," illustrated from life models, nt the School of Arts to-night. (Br Telegraph.) The inquest. on the body of tho woman Sound in n right-of-way off Victoria Parade, East Alclbonrne, resulted in nn open verdict of death from hemorrhage, no evideuce being forthcom ing a9 to how deceased met ber death. The employes of tho Tasmanian main line of railway yesterday uftornooii presented Kcuny Burns with a handsome sot of gold studs as a token of regard prior to his departure with tho Australian Eleven on the English tour. ' The aunual demonstration of tho unitod fire brigades of Victoria commenced yesterday at Sandhurst. There was a very large attonduueo of brigades. The programme of sports com menced aud will last for two or thrco days, At tbo annual meeting of tho movable committee of tho Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, held at Port Fairy (Vic.), it was unanimously resolved to becofne allied to tbo Friendly Societies' Association 'of Victoria. At a meeting of Stockton residents on Tues day night it was decided to form an arabultmico corps, Messrs. Clms. Ohatflcld, It. Thomas, S. L. Jio4t, Dr. Bonnefin and tho Rev. F. W. James boiug appoiuled a provjsioual com mittee. The Bowral Horticultural Society's Autumn Show was opened in the School of Arts yester day afternoon, having been onco porflponed owing to tho sevoro weather. Exhibits are scarce, but tlio quality of the vegetables and fruit is unsurpassed. The show will remain open to-day. The Attornor-General has decided not to pro- coed further against accused in the case of Rngina v. Charles Dernpsey. Dcmpsoy was tried at tiie rcceut Forbes Quarter Sessions on a charge of assault with intent to rob, but the jury disagreed. Tho following deputations hare been arranged for to-day Works : Enfield Aluniei- pal Council, with reference to obstructions in Cook's River, 11 ; Roekdalo Council, as to drainage of Pulmiro's Bwainp and Scarboro, Park, 11,90; Mr. Stovenson, AI,I\, with refe rence to road Wrong station to Bumbic's-hill, 12 ; Aleinbers for the Bognn, regarding works affecting their electorate, 12.90. Lauds : Roman Catholic community a<t Oorambong, re lative to a Bito for a church, 11. 