SIOEIES liROiL THE BUSH, j No. 1*— THE DFhT- llTDER. By W&ixE-BLossbat;* .' . We were staying at one of the most pic turesque watering- places in this colony, and while on an excursibn to one of the numerous lions of the locality, ' foregathered' with two surveyors who nad first seen the place in its primitive .state, and who had, in fact, helped to survey it3 not yet very well* developed roads. In the evening we strolled out on the pier at that fittest of all timea '? T.wixt .the gloam- ing- and the mart,' while tile sea shone pale and. mysterious beneath us. It had been a roasting hot day ; but now, with the breeze off the sea and too damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sca~dew), we felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, ' This seaweed smell is sugges tive of ghosts.** 'Why?' asked someone. * Well,1' he said* 'it's .well known that ghosts arc generally a compound of water — salt water by preference — and dead bodies.' 'But there are no dead bodies about, are there ?' hastily inquired a lady. 'Not that I know of,' 'said the surveyor, cheerfully, ' but let's take a seat and I will spin you a yarn which illustrates the theory.' We sat down, and he told us-a stoiy, the details of which I've quite forgotten, except that it had something to do with a church yard by the sea, and was sufficiently impres sive at the time, besides proving bis theory to his own-satisf action. But once start so fascinating a subject with surroundings eo in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire momentum as far as it goes on, like the scone rolled from the hill. ' I know a true stozy,' said one of the ladies, ' which had some connection with relations of my own.'* 'That is a sufficient guarantee,' said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, ' Ex cuse my smiling.' But the lady, being en couraged to proceed, began — 'Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in the south of France. The railways were not so numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Weil, I daresay you have all heard of the wreck of the Garonne. She was crowded with passen gers going home for the summer. Myuncleliad taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hearted man gave it up at the last moment to an old gentleman whose life was despaired of, and whose only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among the passengers was a delicite girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been .«ent abroad for her health. Her mother in J-Ingland, knowing she was with friends, and also believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, felt no anxiety about her, but was looking forward eagerly to her return. On the night of tho wreck she was awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. 'Mother,' she said, 'the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, and I have saved only this,' touching her robe. 'What is it?' asked her mother feebly. ' It is the robe of Christ's righteousness, ' said the girl ; and gently the vision faded away, leaving the mother alone with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman | and family friend came in great distress to j break the news, the widow said, ' I know it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I have | the unspeakable comfort of knowing that my ! daughter ib ( not dead but gone before.1 ' There was a pause. Tt had grown darker, wnd some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 {I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions, I have completely forgotten their names) knocked the ashes out of his unroznantic pipe, and said, quietly, ' I will tell you what 1 once saw in Queensland.' * * We were camped far, very far, out in the hush, scores of miles from the nearest out stations. One night, as we eat rather late over the tatnp fire, we were startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs in the distance, as it were galloping madly. It came nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold of us. We jumped up, and tried to scatter the embers of our fire, but we were too late, and in another i moment a horse galloped into the circle, and j stopped short. There was a rider on his | back ; but why was he bending so low, as if ] in ironical salutation 1 And why was his face of so strange a hue ? Dead ! Yes, stone dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved ; for, though after decently burying him, we made many inquiries, neither at a station, town ship, nor bush shanty did we ever hear of missing tw«.n And horse answering' to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together.' ^ That issiot a ghost story,' mBanqiwKo. I. ' It'^ainte stray/' re tarted the -rfhar. Butnye were all shuddering. - Tim 'mnrfr ' had taken the plaoe t-f the *' gloaming,' and with one accord we turned our backs on the sea, and went in to the music and lights. 