Some Good Stories of " the Gods." Time out of mind the " torrible Dnblin Gallery " has been famous for the extreme personality of its remarks. Woe betide the luckless actor who appears on the stage with anything wrong or ont of gear in make-up or dress ; he is certain to be greeted with some unfeeling, not to say rnde, re- marks. Apart from this, the* gallery hoy is a pro- found critic I remember a lady appearing in the Theatre Boyal, and ere she had sung six notes a little urchin, placing his fingers in his ears, shouted " Oh, tell me whin she's done !" There was a Ger- man bass who appeared there about the same time, and who seemed to me to have but one note in his voice. The gallery boy evidently was'of the same opinion, for upon somebody hissing he cried out, "Lave him alone ; snre he's a fine level singer" On another occasion a tenor with a decidedly reedy voice appeared on the same stage. While prolong- ing a top note a galleryite called across to his friend, " Eh, Mickey, ia that singin' or is it the gas ?" I shall never forget the first performance of the " Peep o' Day" in the Theatre Royal. The house was packed as a matter of conrse. In the scene where one of the characters is stopped in the act of shooting Purcell by the priest, a man jumped up from his seat in the gallery and cried ercitedly, in a Kerry brogue, " Never mind the priest j shoot the informer." One of the funniest scenes I can remember ocenrerd in the old Fishamble-atreet Theatre. The play was " Hamlet," and the gallery chaffed the Prince of Denmark un- mercifully, especially in the scene with the ghost. At length Hamlet stepped forward and, addressing the gallery, said, " Look here, me boys, if yiz don't stop yer coddin', me an' the ghost will go up there an' bate the divil out o' the lot IV yiz." In the I same temple of the drama,' during the performance of " Kichard III," one of the boys caliea out to Eichard, "' Arrah, take off thim things an' go home , to your mother." This was a dreadful insult. Richard stepped forward and peered sharply at the gallery, but the boy who had made the insulting remark kept out of sight by hiding behind the back of the person sitting in front. At last, how- ever, Richard caught sight of him and, holding up his fist to him, said, " All right, young O'Farrell, I'll have you spotted. Wait till I meet you out- side." The performance then proceeded. I remember a nioe comedy being produced at the Queen's. It was written by a Dnblin gentleman, and was announced as " A new and original comedy m which the author will appear." The house waB crowded from top to bottom. I think it was dnring the third scene in the piece that the author, who played the hero, appeared. He was a stout, fat man, very awkward and painfully nervous. His confidence wasn't restored by a little urchin in the front row of the'gallery crying with a' scoffing laugh, " Oh ! lard save os t there's an author !" As for the audience they simply'yelled with laugh- ter. One of the stock company during the man agemeht of the late Hefary Webb was a miserable, Cadaverous-looking man. He had the following line to speak in ëome piece -"No, no, dear child, I could not eat." "Ah, thin, marcy forbid that I was a mntton chop before you," came a voice from the " top." Another member of Webb's company was, not to put too fine a point on it, the very reverse of good-looking. In some piece he had to say, "Do you know my faceP" "Yee," came promptly from the gallery; " I have seen a better man carved on a|beggarraan's stick."-Frank Hudson, in Era Almanack. 