A Spectre's Shameful Conduct Farmer Coombes told un of a very curious affair that took place at an old mill once kept by his brotherin law. it appeared that, yeara ago, a wicked miser had lived in this mill, and had died, leaving all bis money (bo it was rumoured) hidden Eomewhere about .the place.- Naturally, every one who had since come to the mill had tried to find the treasure, but no one never cnrmwilpil. Mr. OnniriW hrot.her.in.laW hnd nnt troubled himself much about the matter, thinking tho \--ld story just as likely as not to be some village gossip ; but, of course, there was the possibility of its being true; and when one moonlight night Mr. Coomles' brother-in-law woke up and saw the shadowy figure of a wizened little old man in kneebreechos and a pigtail standing at the foot of the bed be not unreasonably jumped to tbe conclusion that it was the ghost of the miserly miller come to tell bim where the gold lay hid. So, on the apparition moving towards the door, Mr. Coombes' brother-in-law put on his trousers and followed it. fcThe ghost went downstairs into the kitchen, glided over and stood in front of the hearth, sighed, and disappeared. Next morning Coombes' brother- in-law had a couple of bricklayers io, and made them haul out the stove and pull down the chimney, wlule he etood behind with a bag in wbich to put the muuey. j. uey juiucKeu uowu utui m e wuii, ami never found so much as a lourpenny-bit. Coombes' brother in- law did not know what to think. The next night the 8pparition appeared again, and again led the way into the kitchen. Tbis time, however, instead of going to the fireplace it stood more in the middle of the room and sighed there. ' Oh, 1 sec what he means now,' said Coombes' brother-in-law to himself, ' it's under tbe floor. What did the old llool want to go and stand up against the hearth for, and make me think.it was in the chimney V So they spent tbe next day in taking up the kitchen floor ; but the only thing they found was a three-pronged fork, and the handle of tha^ ; was broken. On the third . night the ghost reappeared, quite un abashed, and for the third time made for the kitchen. Arrived there, the phantom looked up at the celling and vanished. ' Umpli ! he don't seem to have learned much sense where he's been to,' muttered Coombes' relative u6 he trotted back to bed; ' I should have thought he might have done that at first.' Still there was no doubt now where the treasure lay ; and, the first ruing after breakfast, they started pulling down the cdling. They got ever}' inch of the ceiling down, and they took up the boards in the room above. They dis covered about as much treasure as one would expect to find in an empty quart pot. Night after night did that spectral old fraud appear to poor Coombes' brotherin law, end lure him into lopking for the hidden wealth in a different nlace each day. At the end of three weeks there was not a room in the mill fit to live in. Every wall had been half pulled down, every floor had been taken up, every ceiling had had a hole knocked in it. And then, assuddently as they had begun, the ghost's visits ceased, and Coombes' brother-in-law was left in peace to rebuild the place at his leisure. To give any reason for the spectre's shameful conduct Mr. Coombes professed himself unable. Some thought that the ghost of the wicked old miser had been having a joke, while others held that the apparition was probably that of some deceased local plumber and glazier, who would naturally take an interest in seeing a house knocked about and spoilt. But nobody knew anything for certain. — Timley's Mogazttu. 