Cardinal Manning on the Temporal Power. At the Fro-Cathedral, Kensington, Pon tifical High-Mass was sung.on Sunday, October 6; by the Right Rev. Dr. Wea thers. 'The music was taken principally from Gounod'e " Troisieme Messe Solen- nelie." Cardinal Manning presided at' the function, arid,- after the recent allocution, of Leo XIII. on the Giordano Bruno inci dent had been read by one of the clergy, His Eminence delivered a short discourse on the temporal power of the Pope. The ' Cardinal spoke with an' unusually clear voice, ' arid was eagerly listened' to by the crowded congregation. The : first condition- of the temporal power (pro ceeded the prelate) is ;- j Absoluts' Independence Fon 'the' YioAh :. . OF CUMSI. ... ! That he - should bo subjected to no power under heaven, save God only ; 1 that be should have "absolute indepen dence; that He' should never be, as he ' has neyeribeeri, subjected to any national sovereignty. He is, and he has; always been extra-national; and if extra national he cannot be subjected- to any power. From tho fourth century to the year- 800 the Roman pontiffs exercised the only sovereignty thut protected and guarded and civilised Rome, whoa it was forsaken and abandoned by the visitation of God. . In the year 800, and from that down ;to 1800-— that is, oii-: long 'period of 1,000 years — tho Vicar of our Lord has exercised" ' ' ' - . | ; f' a TiiuE;5'Pri6PEtt,'' and" ConrtErE'- S'lVEf .', '.. '?. , .ihEiGNii' '. ' "' ; over the city of;Roirie. Ac the beginning , of this century, at least, something like a -decade 1 before- the century actually,; opened, began that anti-ehristian revolur,. -tiori which from that hour to' this has- been in perpetual conflict with the church) until, it crowned its. sacrilege on Supteiriy; ber 20,fi87.0,. when, by force and blood?, shed, it entered and usurped" the. sovereignty of the Vicar of Christ in the Holy City.' Secondly, the temporal power invests tho Holy Father Also/ with' : tho _ supreme duty of guiding the whole, Christian world - in the way of God's - truth and law. From -the reasons which justified .this declaration- jHis Eminence1 drew "tho conclusion tEat what w,e7 call the temporal power is this : It-is the: spiritual power of the Pope in: its ap-' plication to material tilings. It was tile ' merest accident that. 'tho .Providence of God should have ,given to the, Vicar of our Lord on earth. ' A City SvhekiSn to- Dweld $xd.a \- . - TEiuuTonr,! V" , .as it,cqme,,tqpa8s, imjri'gdiiitqly, surround-. t ing it, ;«.I mOTumupitho matter j in' these words:'' God' ereatcfl ' tEri 'Churoh- arid- tte Church- : crehted/the - Christiiur world. Tho Churfefis'the "iireation- of' divine end supernatural power.; tho (fimstiari world is tho' creation "of tlie . power of the Church under the guidando of Divine Providence. A wise man had put it thus : ' The history of civilization iB tho history of Christianity, ' hud the history of Christianity is tho history of the Christian Church, and tho history of the Christian Church is tho history of tho supreme pontiffs, the heads who have ruled it and guided it — tho greatest legislators and rulers that tho world lias ever seen."' Lastly, tho Supremo Poivnn or Tin: '1'avaoy is the Keystone of tho arcli. What the keystone is to the arch that supremo authority is to tho Christian world. Tho Christian world was created by the- unity of ' faith; and 'the unity of law, and the unity of authority. And faith and lawand unify aro embodied in that one person who is the head of all the source of inissionary power, to preach the truth, and to expound tho law, and to exercise authority. How, then, are we to estimate the character of that act of Sep tember 20, 1870, whioh was celobrated on September 20 last by rejoicing and festival in the city of Romo ? It was a robbery accomplished by violence, by arms, and by bloodshed; it was a usurpation, becauso it deposed as far as man can depose — and man must fail ulti mately and utterly to deposo — the Viear of our Lord. In the Stealing of the City of Rome was comroittcd the most complex and complete and universal sacrilege that the world has ever -witnessed. Rome never was the capital of Italy. It was never the capital of one nation. It has- ever been, the capital of Christendom, of the whole universal Church of God. The world at this moment is under the do minion of material force. There ore from 12,000,000 to 15,000,000 armed men gazing in jealousy and fear at each other's faces. People talk of disarmament. Disarmament is a more rhetorical figure. There was never, from the beginning of the world, such a collection of unimagin able powers of mutual destruction. Science has come in to enable men to fcrm Modes of Mutual Di:sthuction Un equalled in their murderous power from the be ginning of the world. "We must not look.- for disarmament. No ; the mines are dug and the trairis are laid in the east and west, in the north and in tho south, and God alone knows when that, outburst of mutual destruction shall take -place. Unless it he averted by the hand of God, no man, no European concert, no diplomacy, can avert it. "I know not," concluded his eminence, "what may befall the stones and -bricks of Rome ; but one thing I do know, the Government of Jesus Christ shall not be transferred to any people, for the Holy Ghost, speaking of His Kingdom, said it shall have no end 1 " 