MELBOURNE. O'hom omi ovrx cokkespoxdexx). jMonihi}*. At the meeting of the Executive Council to-day the appointment of Air Hodges a judge of the Supremo Court was ec. firmed. There seems to be no cause for appre hension as to the character of the fever cases which have occurred on board the j steamship Arawata. This morning she was boarded by Hrs. Browning and Shields, who satisfied themselves that the fever was not of a dangerous nature, and Br. Shields came 011 in her to Melbourne. 'The Central Board of Health have re ceived from Mr Clms. A. D'Eliro litho graphic drawings descriptive of a com plete plant for tile treatment of house refuse and excreta. The svsteui is that of Manlove, Alliott, Fryer and Co., of Nottingham, London, and the basis of the system is the treatment of all refuse matter by heat, at such a degree that flic absolute destruction of any disease germs or organic matter deleterious to health is ensured. The cost, however, must be a •into local question to local bodies, as the cost for a complete plant is set down at LI l.lid, or for a plant for the treatment of house refuse only, L'-l,l ld. The intercolonial Australian Natives Association representatives, who arc embling to hold a federation con ference of their own, broke ground to-day in a very pleasant maimer, when the delegates from New .South Wales, .South Australia, and Queensland were enter tained at lunch at Menzies' Hotel. Mr .T. L. Burves, Q.C., who is away on a yachting voyage, could not attend, but Mr "Wise tilled his place with sueci 'The toast of " Success to llie Federation of Australia7' was drunk with enthusiasm. Sir J. Brav (South Australia), Mr B. B. Nicholls, '(New South Wales), Mr W. .T. Bradsiiaw, (Queensland) and Mr E. I'. Neshitt (West Australia), acknowledging the toast in cordial language. A celebra tion of a number of minor toasts brought the proceedings to a pleasant close. There was a bit of a brush this morning vctween the committee of the stock ex change of Melbourne, and the directors of block 10 silver mine, Broken Hill. The former complained of the recent dclav in the communication of news re lative io 'levL'lojmienfs in tho mine, to Hit? Exchange. The secretary ex plained that on one occasion specified, in which the mine had showed improvement, the message announcing that fact had been delayed at the company's oiliee by the outfroin# letters. The Kxehan<reeoin mittec did not consider the excuse satis factory. and a sharp exchange then ensued between Messrs Ibaddon, secre tary of the company, and AVallen, of the Exchange, but ultimately the chairman of the company smoothed matters ever by promising that the Exchange should be supplied with the earliest information relative to the mine. Amongst, the tenders accepted to-day by tin* Hail way department was that of •John K;mkiu for the erection of eiirht iXatelceepers* cottages, on the Scarsdale and Lintons line, price £1,1 KJ fSs. A very dark skinned yoimir jLjeutloinaii. who has gained celebrity as a boxin*r light weiirht. was proceeded aii'ainst at the "District Police Court by the police to-day. for unlawfully assaultinu* one " GriiVo." the defendant bein«r known as •* PJutn." Tin? assault means that the lads boxed with *rloves at the Melbourne Athletic Club's gymnasium on tin; l'Jth of December. Constable Gleesnu. who appeared a* prosecutor, was not a specta tor of the iiirhi. but several members of the club, who were present', said that it was nothing more than a scientific and •rood tempered display of boxinir. the boys leaving off as trood friends as when they he:n;ii. It was also sworn that the only damage done was some cutting of the bhiekboy's lips, which bciu# thick, are rather siisceptfnio <»t laceration. The bench, however, thought that the eliar^e had been proved ami lined Iho defendant T.'i with Al't es. costs. It is intended to appeal. AJ'rnrn.-, in which a couple ..f share brokers were engage.I, was iiivcstigaf ed at tliu police court It.-day. Tim parlies were. Air A. 1,'. Caue and Mr AV. F. Hixi.n. Mr Cane, who is a director of a company of which Air Dixon is malinger, went to tlm kilter's tillicc, which is also the oiliee of I lie company, on tlm ,'ird in.st., and bad a conversation with Dixon about tlm sale of .shares, to which Cane was opposed. According to Cairn's ver sion, Dixon called liim a liar, thrust him out of tlm ollico. and beat him on tlm head with a ruler, so that lm was badly hurt and lost a great quantity of blood. Dixon put tlm matter differently. He said that Calm insulted him. and would not leave the ofKco when ordered out, that thereupon lm endeavored to put liim out, that tliev struggled and fell, Cane's lu-ad striking tlm wainscot. The Bench thought Dixon was at fault, and lined him La, with L'-'S .'is. costs. Air Granger's report on the recent fatal accident at tlm Lazarus mine has reached the department. It recapitulates the facts of tlm unfortunate affair, but tlm inspector says he is unable to recommend that the jury's suggestion that 10 minutes should be allowed to elapse after a shot lias been tired before the miners return to the face should be adopted, as too much time would thereby be lost. He expresses a fear that the two men who were so badly injured may yet lose tlicir lives. Alessrs T. AV. and J. AV. II. Busst, the well-known bicyclists, are stated to severely assaulted another wheelman, named Holliek, who took part with them in a contest 011 Saturday and succeeded in giving tlieiu some offence. Early this morning a tlirec-storied stone and brick building in Flinders laim west, was found to be oil tire, and everything being -every dry and in good order for limning considerable damage was done before the llames were subdued. The building was occupied by Alessrs Kimrsel and Co.. liatmakers, and also by Alessrs Stephens and Coope, picture frame makers, who both suffered very considerable damage, tlm total loss being estimated at L'l ,.100, which will be partially covered by insurance. Charles Bailey, the fisherman who had such a terrible experience 011 the keel of a boat in Hobson's Bay, and was rescued more dead than alive, is in a very weak sta te, and fancies that he is being chased by sharks. The change from the open sea to the tanks in the aquarium was too much for the poor porpoise, who, after limiting several attempts to escape from his prison house, quietly yielded up the ghost. It is very rarely that a iisli of this species will live and flourish in an aquarium, and it was hoped that the experiment in the present ease would be successful. Tim Eitzroy police have .secured a third mail for assaulting Air Freeman, in Collingwood. 011 Thursday evening. His name is Harry Smith, and lie has been ] licked out by the victim from four others. 