GENERAL NEWS. A Good Stabt.— Right glad aro wo to see that the new Warwick flrin of MoDougall, Robinson, and Suvilo can report a fair Bhare of businesn for the first fortnight, as will bo seen by referring to the commercial column in our next. New Locomotives. — Two now passenger locomotives havo been completed by the firm of Messrs. EvanB, Auderson, and Phelan (aays Wednesday's Telegraph), and by them handed over to tbo Railway Department, Ono of fclieso has run a successful trial on the Clova 1 md line. Tho Phiciiix Engine Company, of Ipswich, havo also delivered at tho Mary borough railway nnother locomotive, known us of class F. This has also run a successful trip, and is about to undergo 1,000 imlo test before beiug finally accoptod by tho depart ment. Messrs, Evans, Anderson, and Fholan havo two similar locomotivos in hand, and tho Phwuix Company havo one1 New Bank.-t-Wo understand that Mr' Abcrcrombio, tho Brisbano manager of the Commercial Banting Company of' Sydney, lias been in town daring the week with n view to securing premises for tho purposo of opening a branch hero, nnd it is probable that this will be an established fact by the begining of next month. A Dhoving Fbat. — Yesterday (says Wed neslay's Wentern Star) 11,000 sheep passed Roam, from Manuka, Flinders river, going to Cecil Plains, tho property of tbo Hon. James Taylor, Peter Croagh in charge. Mr. Creigh startod from Manuka on November 20, and by the time lie arrives in Cecil Plains ho will have nearly trnvoraod Queensland from tho north-west to tho south-east. On the way heavy and moderate rains, with swollen streams impeded progress from the start, the rain storms appearing to keep pace with tho party all the way down. Seven bridges havo boon made on the ronte, and several stoppuges necessitated by the floods. Tlio sheep arc in prhno condition ; none have been lost. Thread in the Stomach. — Poor little provincial papers sometimes mako sad mis takes, as is only natural considering their dis advantages ; but tho ' leading journals ' sometimes lead in this lino also. In the Queensland leading journal of Wednesday last wo are told that ' Dr. Harman, J, Tarrant and Mr. and Chas. J. Roborts, C.M.G. were appointod members of the Council to-day.' It happens that Dr. Harman J. Tarrant is ono person and is nljo Mr. and Chas; J. Roberts, C.M.G. The latter is tho inventor of the free hotel lunch, and was C.M.G.'d for the grand feeds ho gwe English and foreign visitors to the Sydney Interna tional Exhibition some 10 years ago. Tho vory next paragraph states : ' The Agricul tural Department is requesting poopla who have any specifics or medicines tending to the eradiction of thread in the stomach and taps worms in sheep to submit them ' &o.; Thread in tho stoinncli is a new complaint or industry. No doubt the correspondent who wired the news from Sydney intended the passage should road 'thread, stomach, and tupo worms in sheep.' Small Debts.-— Yesterday tho Police Magistrate disposed of tho following cases, particulars of some of which will be found below : — Cameron and Hobbol v Henry Haugb, goods, JB11 lCs lid; verdict for amount with costs, in all £14-33 lid; Mr. Dodd for plaintiff. Sama v James May and wife, goods, £0 5s 5d ; .verdict for amount with coats, in all £11 15s 5d ; Mr. Dodd for plaintiff. Palothorpo and Cocka v J. Whiting, goods, £3 3s lid ; verdict for amount with cost, ia all £3 Ss lid. Hampson Bros, v John White, damages and covl, £0 19s. Nonsuited, plaintiff to pay £2 4s 64 costs. Mr. Mackay for plaintiff, Mr. ILimilton for defendant. John Whito v Hunipson Bros., damage to tank £12. Verdict for £7, with costs of court 5s, professional cost?, £2 2s, witness' expenses 5s, in all £9 12s. Mr. Hamilton for plaintiff, Mr, Mackay for defendant. George M'Cleverty v John Higgins, agistmenl of horses, £5 11s ; verdict for £4 Is with costs, in all £5 7s. Mr. Mackay for plaintiff, Mr. Hamilton for defendant. Thomas Welsh v W. Hughes, refreshments, £5 2s; verdict for amount with costs, in all £5 18s Gd. Saino v John O'Brien, refreshments, £1 4s; verdict for amount with costs, in all £1 9s. Collings and Co. v Mrs. Jane Walker, tea, £1 Is ; verdict for amount with costs, in all £L bs. Joan fluuen anu Co. v E. Garrett, goods, £1 3s 6d. £1 paid into court; verdict for further sum of 3s 6il with costs, 3s Gd, Cboss Pootosbs.— Yesterday the Police Magistrate sat in the Small Debts C :-urt from 10 o'clock to nearly 4, tho bulk of the time being occupied by a couple of cross-actions — Hamp- son Bros, v, John White, and John White v. Hampson Bros. These were taken separately, of course, with a refreshing repetition of evidence, but it will read better to lump tho concern and mako a story of it. On the 22nd of March last, Mr Whito . (of Whito and Ackhind} ordered a ton of coal of Hampson Bros., telling Mr Albert Harapson, according to his account, to tako tho fuel by tho top road and tip it where he had previously tipped firewood, but according to Mr. White's account ho was only allowed to go that road if tho groom made no objection. Mr. Hampsnn, then, accompanied by William Otto, a guileless looking youth, took tbo cial in a spring coal dray to which two horses, shaf ter and leader, wero attached, to the upper. gate of Mr. White's residence on tho range.- Thero they had to obtain the assistance of the groom, i Harry Towns, to open the gate. Towns states that ho told Hampson he had come to tho wrong gate, as tho lower ono led to the place where the coal should be put, but Hainpaon replied that ho could not go that road becuuse ho had no brake on his dray and the harncsB was old. At all events the gate was openod and tho dray taken along the top road with tho result that dray and coal and horses came tumbling down upon a 2000 gallon Gospel Oak galvanized irou tank full of -water, smashing it badly and the harness to same extent. So different did tho cause of this accident present itself to two different parties that one claimed from the other £5 1& (with £1 Is for the coal) for damages sustained through the other's negligence, while the other claimed £12 for damages sustained through carelessness and uuskilfulness on the other Bide. Of coursothe stories as to tho mishap differed as widely ob the claims or tho poles. According to Hamp son, the road was unfit to carry a dray, being so soft ou the lee side that tho wheel wont down and carried everything over. This wbb in a manner corroborated by the youth Otto, but as it appeared ho know littlo about the matter, except that he was always to ' koep the left Bide when driving,' his evidence was probably discounted slightly. On the other hand two very competent witnesses, one a thoroughly disinterested one, Mr W. J. B. Cameron, gave a veiy different explana tion of tho accident. According to Mr White's groom, Towns, tho solid road was Oft 'I'm wide, and backed up by on embankment, somowhat lower than tho road, and sloping Btooply, of 5ft 4in in width, and Hampson deliberately back his dray on to this embankment for tho purposo of tipping tho load down. Mr. Cameron who, stood tho verandah of his own house some CO yards away, a keen spectator of the proceedings, declares lie saw from the unskilful way in which Hampson was shaping, that the accident was inevitable, and ho accordingly called to some one to come and sec it tako placo. There can be little doubt as to which story is the more correct. In fact Hampson. himself admitted ho intended tipping the coal down tho embank ment, and this could scarcely bo done on a Oft. road, such as that described, without risk. Besides, Otto continually declared that the loador wbb left attached to tho dray booauao it was considered ' the softest plan,' aud it can only bd inforrod that tho idea was that the lnn,i.. m-,,1,1 nntin t\\\n t1\\*n\\.t Pr*niYi m\\\ntt ntrnr tho bank should thero bo danger of that lnis advonture. And according to Mr. Camorou, tlio loader did his best, but was dragged over, pulling hard. Hampsou, whoso caso was . tried first, was nonsuited and ordered to pay £2 4s. Gd, costs, Mr. White having paid into ? :Coiirt 21s. for tho coal. In tho cross action thoro was a great deal of repeated ovidonco, in 1 addition to which Mr. Whito deposed that the ' tank, which waB quito now and cost £12, had' been rendorcd utterly valueless, und Mr. Jainos Paton Baid ho had inspected the tank nnd it would , cost £12 to mako all right, although it might bo patched up for £7, but ho would not guarantee it would hold wator theu. Tho Polico Magistrate took a sympa thetic view of the caao, as pluiutifTs ivero rospsctahlo people and had lost by tho accident. Ho regretted tho matter had noi been sottled by arbitration. The verdict would bo for £7, which, with tho costs, amounted to £9 12s. . : Mr. Mackay appeared for Mossra. Hampson, and. Mr, Hamilton for Mr, White; Saobihgb.— William Johns, tho party who levied on the contribution boxes of St. Stephen's cathedral, was yestorday sentenced to 6 months' hard labor. Pabliambnt Mbets — not before tho end of June, says tho Telegraph, which profe3scs to have the information from certain- country raombers who wanted tolio advised for certain in order to make their arrangement. Our local florists will now have an oppor tunity of securing- some first-class plants, as Mr. G. Soarlo, who has lately openod his establishment in Ruthven-streot, has just received his first consignment of plants, con sisting of camellias, palms, laurels and a large v iricty of other plants suitable for this distrit-t. Labbikin LABK3. — Last evening, shortly after 10 o'clock, the bell attached to the door oE Dr. Sheaf wns heard to ring violently. : Tho housemaid, who went to' answer tho .call, dis covered that a. string had- been tied to tho handle of the bell, aud tbo groom, who was in bo I, had to turn out snd investigate.- He dis covered that the string reachod as far us the post office but there was no appearance of the offenders. However, it has since been found out who did it. We strongly advise the parties to try their littlo game, on to-morrow evening when a warm recoptiou will bo as sured them. Rouair. Treatment.— On Tuesday last Mr W. Frnwley lodged an infortnntion against Thomas McMahon for an assault, which took placo at Lovejoy's Hotel, Meringandsn, on the previous evening. Complainant charged McMabon with having cut his head with a stone, knocked out several teeth, and other wise injured him. A warrant was issued, it being supposed McMahon had cleared out to Brisbane, but the eagle , eye of Constable E, Hawkes, whilo ho was on duty on Wednesday morning, detected his man on tho railway platform preparing fora start. \ The constable arrested him and took him to Cabarlah that afternoon, whom ho was brought before tho bench and remanded uatil next Thursday, bail being allowed in ono snroity of £20, and him self in n like sum, McMahon, who bus only been in the colony 12 mouths, is Frawlcy's cousin. A Quintette ob Cables.— London, April 14\. Beplyiog to a question in the House of Commons this evening, Sir James Fcrgusson, Under Socreta'y for Fovciga Affairs, stated that the reporc that a Portuguese military expedition had boon 'sent to the Shire River was not confirmed.— The German Government have assured tho Government of Great Britain that the operations to be undertaken by Emin Pasha will be confined entirely to the territory within the German sphere of inllucnce in Africa. — The Grand Duke Constantino of Russia, cousin of the Czar, has been arrested for writing a revolutionary poem — It is stated that Madame Sarah Bernhardt, the famous actress, has entored into a contiact with a prominent impresario for a tour round the world, which will include visits to America and Australia. — Owing to the express wish of tho colonies that the fleet of Australian cruisers shauld bear distinctive Australian names, the Admiralty. have decided to rename the vessels as follows : — Tho Pandora to be called the Kutoomba ; Pelorus, the Mildura ; Persian, the Wallaroo; Phoenix, the Tanr anga ; Psycho, tho Ringarooma ; Whiting, the Boomerang ; and the Wizard, the Karrakatta. St. Litre's Ciruncir. — The general Easter meeting of the abovo congregation took place in St. Luke's chnrch last night at 8 p.m. The Bight Rovd. Bishop Dawes occupied tho chair. After the minutes of tho 'last meeting had been read and confirmed, (Mr. Warner having been elected secretary pro tem.) the report and balance sheet were read by Mr. Churchwarden Agar, and generally approved of. Mr. Wallis then read a report in which he snggeated sundry methods of deminishing the church debt* and contributing towards a fund for tho building of an entirely new church. Mr. Groom M.L.A. kindly promised to print 200 copies of the same gratis, for which the congregation tendered him their heartfelt thanks. Mr. Agar was then ap pointed .'people's churchwarden for tho ensuing year, and Mr. Warner clergymau's churchwarden. -It was decided Unit tho Parcohial Council should consist of niue members, for which Messrs Searlo, McStay, Giles, Spalding, Chooseman, Lowe, Fortcs cuo, Hawcs, and Penticost wore chosen. Tho auditors elected for the year wero Messrs. Ringrose and Williams. Some discussion took place re the appointment of a collector, and it was ultimately decided that the ladies be asked by tho churchwardens to undertake tlio collection of tbe stipend fund. It was also de cided to apply for representation of the district in the Synod. After the usual vote of thanks to tho chairman had been passed, the meeting was closed with prayer. Cbicketbes' Entertainment. — The enter tainment at the Assembly Rooms on Wednes day evening last proved ou; of tho greatest successes we have had to report for somo time past. Before 8 o'clock the building was crowded in |every part to witness the first ap pearance of the Ethiopian Minstrels, a company of local amateurs which had been formed for the purposo of giving a benefit for tho Too wooinba Cricket Union. The entertainment had been the topic of general conversation for some aad to judge from the unanimous and con stant applauao accorded, it was quite up to expectation. It wore invidious to criticise or say that ono did belter than another or that ono piece was performed bettor than another, for each was first-class in his own part. Before tho curtain rose Messrs. Davics (piano) aud Kretchmar (cornet) played tho overture to ' Tancredi,' rendering it in a masterly manner. Moat of the success is due to theso finished instrumentalists who gave their ser vices gratis. Mr.Divios, who had undertaken the position of musical directors from tho formation of tho company, deserves all praise for such a creditable porf ormauco as was given on that evening. When tho curtain rose there wore to bo soon eight niggers as black ns coal, all in dress suits. Mr. Sinclair, the inter loeuter, who, by-tho-by did not uso any cork nut probably would have felt more at home if ho had, acted his part well. Tho comic jokes, local and otherwise, by Mr. A. B. Marlay (1st bones) and Mr. A. Grattan (1st tainbo) wore well given and highly appreciated, Tho comic songs 'Tho Bald-headed Swell' and 'Talkative Man from Drayton,' by Mr. Marlay, were rendered in this gentleman's iuimitablo manner. 'All for the Biiko of Sarah' and 'I was in it' by Mr. 0-rattan, who is not a new chum in tho nigger business, ware eacli honoured with an encore, tho singor being the recipient of a number of bouquets. ' Call me baok again,' by Mr. F. W. Boyco, aud ' Minnie Leo ' by Mr. R, Bain, woro both woll given, but Mr, F. C. Warren, who lookod somewhat comical as a nigger, surpassed everything with his two songs, ' I'll tako you homo, Kathleen,' and » Thn 'Rntrmnv Tijirs .' Thn flrab uart of the programme was brought to a close with a coinio ilnalo by Messrs. Gratton and Marlay, entitled 'Tho Humpy Bong Prostidigitateur' which caused plenty of laughter. On the rising of tho curtain for tho Bocond part Mr. J. G. Boyco was found in possession. In a short eppoch he introduced tho aodionco to his 'Mirth, Magic am- Mystery' in a vory pleasing manner, and proceeded to perform each trick in a very neat stylo. Thon came Mr. P. S. Cunliffo's song ' Queen of tho Earth ' and Mr Lamb's song 'Tho Tar's Farewell,' both given with clear onunciation ; then Mr. Mackay with a clog danco in capital timo. Messrs. Boyco and M-irlay for tho character song and danco ' Norah ' woro loudly oncorod. ' Sports on a Lark,' a screaming fareo, in which Mossrs. E. Puscoc, F. N. Robinson, Marlay, and G-rattan took part, wound up tho fun. The two la'.ter gentlemen nctod their parts in a manner that would not discredit a professional troupo. Altogether tho entertainment was a pronouueed success, A Stray SnowBB. — To tho swrpriso nnd consternation' of everybody indoors, a well I remembered sound of rain on tho roof was ! heard last night about 10 o'clock. It wos very i light', though {and in half-an-hour uot a ghost ! of a cloud could be discerned, ' Cot off fou A Month. — As showing tlio effect of the floods out west, we may stato that i four nnmbors of the St. Oeorge Standard — 22nd March to 12th April— came to band yesterday. The mails had not been ablo to rnn for nearly a month. The Federation of the Wobld.— Mr E W. Cole, Book Aruade, Melbourne offers flvo £10 prizes for the fivo best essays iu favor of - ' tho federation of tho wholo world,' and five £10 prizes for tho flvo best essays against such a project, Essays to bo sent to his address before tho 1st of June next. Tho fifty best essays ou each side will be published in liook form. W.C.T. Union.— A special mooting of the W.C.T. Union was held on Tuesday afternoon, 15th instint, when it was decided to give another picnic to tho reformatory girls. From tho last picnic a balance of £2 remains and tho union will bo pleased to rcccivo donations either in money or refreshments from those desirous of helping. Donations will bo re ceived by Mrs. Ducsbury, Russell-street, secretary to tho union. Oub Emigration LECTtmEE. — Wo had tho pleasure of a visit yesterday from Mr, George Randall, the gentleman who for several years has so ably and energetically conducted the emigration from England to Queensland. Mr. Randall looks first class, and as full of energy and enthusiasm in ever. He naturally thinks tho easing off of immigration a mistake and looks upon its tbroatood stoppage as a calamity. Mr. Randall, to whom Queensland is indebted for a largo body of most useful colonists, has just arrived from England. He proceeded to Brisbane last night. Reckuitbd. — The Rev. W. Higlett, who was prostrated by typhoid fever for a long time, upon becoming convalescent went to Southport to recrnit. He returned homo on Thursday nfter an absence of 28 days. That the recruiting has been successfully ac complished will he freely admitted when we stato that during thos9 28 days Mr. Higlett gained 2311)3, in weight. We know quite a number oE people who, after hearing this, will be hankering after typhoid. Mr. Higlett is quite stout and, to use a cpmmon expression, never lookod bettor in his lifo. This will be cheering news to a wido circle of friends. Fire Brigade. — Tho usual monthly meet ing of the Fire Brigade Board was held at the Court House on Thursday afternoon, when the following gentlemen wero present: — Messrs Joseph Stirling, C. Campbell, S. G. Stephens, and the Secretary, Mr W. Clark. Mr Stirling was voted to the chair. Minutes of previous mooting woro read and confirmed. The socretary was instructed to procure a set of harness suitable fov the requirements of the brigade. It was also unanimously decided that Snperintendant F. G. Hutchinson and Deputy- Snperintcndant A. Kitchcoham he reappointcd. Accounts amounting to £30 15s 8d wero passed for payment. Tho secretary was instructed to write for particu lars of a manual eugino for the uso of the brigade, nnd to lay the information received before the board at their next monthly meet ing. Embankments no good. — According to a writer in the 5. 31. Herald, Bonrke is doomed, ' With respect (he s*ys) to the embankment now being constructed around Bourko, nil the navvies in New South Wales conld not avert its total destruction, owing to tho extremely porous nature of the soil, which extends to an average depth of from 10ft. to 12ft. At the most the fiood waters could be kept out only so long as the water took to percolate through tho soil of which the ombinkment was con structed. I have had a substantial emlmnk mont fully 3ft. above tho flood waters placed around a cellar containing a large quantity of stores. This embankment, bo it remembered, was built fully 20ft. from the cellar, yet it only lasted long enough to give timo to remove tho stores, when tho water flowed through. Pooncarrio, Menindio, aud Wilcannia are about tho only safe townships on the Dni-line;, they being built on high sandhills, far above the roach of tho very highest flood.' But tho most porous soil can be rammed and trodden into impermcablcness. A TnANSPORjiATiON Scene. --Mi\ Alfred Timbury, agent for Messrs. Bcalo & Co., A. Overend & Co., and others, recently shifted his quarters from Ruthven-street to Russell strcot, opposito tho railway gates. The trans formation effected by him in what was for merly exceedingly dingy premises must be seen to bo believed. Everything inside aud but has undergono a thorough cleansing nnd painting. The glass in window and door is resplendent with gold glass letters, the first seen in Toowoomba. The spacious window, car tuned, cai'Detod, and brilliantly lit, contains two pianos, nn organ, sewing machines, music stool&c.; Thclar^c front room contains tho saino things in profusion. Next, to this is a mo3t cosy office, aud next to this sgviin a room that Berves nicelv for fittiner and renairine. In the roomy yard a large building, comprising stable, cosch-houso, fodder-room, and shed, has been . erected, and altogether wonders have been accomplished. Consignments oE the now cream separator, tho Alexandra, will be re ceived shortly. Cabbiagm Spbings. — The question has often boeu askod, is it not possible to, have a lighter spring for vehicles, with tho same strength? Tho Yankees as a rule are pretty clever improvors, but for the im provements in carriage springs Canada takes tho cako in producing a new patent single-plate spring made from the finest crucible steel. This is manufactured by Mr. Armstrong of Ontario, and a consignment of such springs was imported by the well-known firm of McLean Bro3. and Rigg of Molbo'urno, and exhibted at the Melbourno Cen tennial Exhibition where they took a special prize, Somo of those springs havo found their way to Toowoomba, as Mr. Hurford was persuaded after some trouble to try them. Having used a sot in a buggy ho built for Mr. J. Murray of this town, ho in vitod a representative of this journal yester day to have a look at tho vehicle Ho was very much surprised at the light appearance of tho spring, and could not believo ^s strength until, at Mr. HurEnrd's call, sovoral of his men jumped into tho carriage, when it becamo evidont that lightness, strength, and simplicity wore equally, combined in tho inven tion, which should prove a groat boon to any one who like an easy running1 trap. . Country Donations. — Wo have beon a9kod to publish tho following : Tho Lady's Coutral Flood Relief Cominittoo havo ac knowledged (iu tho Brisbane Observer) tho receipt of two casos of clothing, containing about GOO article from the following ladies and eentlomon of Pittsworth and surrounding district. Pittsworth: Miss Garcot, Miss Hadloy, Mrs J. Evans, Mrs Hughes, Mrs Bowdon, Mrs Taylor, A Friond, Miss Mnhonoy, Mrs H'inney, Mrs Currey, Mrs Stuinm, Mrs Molutosh, Mr Huntor, Mr Bull, Mr Gardinor, St. Helens : Miss Greonup, Misses Wost, Mrs Postlo, Mrs Luscombo, Mrs McAUistor. Hor mitago: Mrs Trott, Miss Trott, Mrs Harbor, Mrs White, Mrs Borrowmau, Mrs Scanlon, Mrs D. Keifer, Mrs C. Mclntyro, Mrs Peat, Mrs Kratzmann. North Branch: Mrs J, Porter, Mrs A. Porter, Mrs R, Portor, Mrs J. Portor, junr., Mrs Stirling, Mrs Muirhoad, Mrs G Mann, Mrs W. Mann, Mrs J. Holmes, Mrs S. Holmes, Mrs P. Connor, Miss Connor, Mrs H. Lock, Mrs Will, Mrs Keone, Mrs Adams, Mrs Given, Mrs Sullivan, Mrs C. Pifctman, Mr Pittinnn, senr., Mrs J, T. Don oley. Spring Gully : Mrs Pimm, Mrs Mclutyro, Mrs Noonau, Mrs E. Neale, Mrs D. Noalo, Mra Geizor, Mrs Edwards, Mrs Moore, Mrs Kowbothara, Miss Norwood, Mrs B. Daniel, Mrs J. J. Daniel, Mrs Daniel, Mr W. H. Wruy. M.v 0. Maaddeu, Divine sorvico will bo hold at the usual lioiir morning and evening at St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Eov. J. Crookston, minister, Morniug subject t ' Christian Evolution.' Evening subject: 'A common danger and united effort.' Mb Thomas Mahonbt, of Pittsworth, hns nponod a general store next his hotol. The Clifton Divisional Board has no less than 26 contracts to lot. T. G. Robinson & Co. soil to-day 20 har ness and saddle horses, milch cows, &c.; T. G. Robinson & Co. soil to-day aviaries, canaries, poultry, cheese, pumpkins. T. G: Robinson & Co. sell to-day 60 store pigs, and one piir pure Berkshirea. Certainly the most effective medicine known is Sandee and Sons' Eucalypti Extbaot. Test its ominbntly powerful offsets in coughs, colds, Influenza ; the relief is instaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy — no swelling — no inflammation: Like surprising, effects produced in croup, diptheria, bronchitis inflammation of tho lungs, swellings, &c.;' diarrheas, dysentery, diseases of the urinary organs. In uso at hospitals and modica clinics all over the globe; patronised by Hio Majesty the if ing of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at InternationalQxhibition Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article and reject all others. ' 1037 The Toowoomba Permanent Bonefit Build ing and Investment Society are prepared to advance money on Freehold Property for building purposes. Repayments only 2s. 6d. fortnightly, which .includes principal and interest for every £20, participating in the profits, thns reducing the interest to 8 per ccut. Now is tho time to borrow. 32n Holloway's PinL3. — Indigestion. — How much thought lias been bestowed, nnd what voluminous treatises hnvo boon written upon this universal and distressing diBcnse, which is with certainty and safety dispelled without fear of relapse by a course of this purifying, soothing and tonic medicino ! It act3 directly on the stomach, liver, nnd bowels— then in directly, though no loss effectively on the brain, nerves, vessals, and glands, introducing such order throughout the entiro system that harmony dwells between each organ and its functions. Dyspepsia need no longer be the bugbear of tho public men, since Holloway'i Piils are fully competent to snbdue the most chronic and distressing cases of impaired di gestion, nnd to restore tho miserable sufferer to health, strength, and cheerfulness. 50 