TICKER A SPORTS. On Wednesday, October 22, the seventh annual athletic sports was held on the cricket ground, near the township. The weather being all that could possibly be desired, the committee felt that a success ful day's sport was assured. Although the first race was advertised to start at one o'clock, yet, at about ten o'clock, a large number of people were seen wend ing their way from all directions towards the ground. On the committee arrival on the ground preparations were at once made for the enjoyment of the pic-nicers. Booths of all sorts and sizes were erected in large numbers, so that there was no danger of any suffering either from hunger or thirst. A good programme of sports having been arranged, these were taken up with spirit by the younthful and other members present. Great interest appeared to be centred in the Sheffield Handicap but. unfortunately, for this event, there were only five competitors, However, as the two Peninsula cracks were competitors it may readily be ima gined that the racing was first class in this as it was in the other event. Taken all through this year's sports were by far the most successful ever held at Tickera, and reflects credit on the committee who carried out the details in a most satisfac tory manner. - There was a very large crowd on the ground daring the day the number being variously estimated from 500 to 1000. Subjoined are the events:— MAIDENS-Hilllery, 1; Vickery, 2. A protest was entered against the winner on the ground that he had won a handicap at Ninnes in September, 1889. The protest was up held; and the prize awarded to H. Vickery. Boys' RACE (under 16 years)-F. Cornish, 1; J. Sellars, 2. RUNNING HIGH JUMP-J. Elliott. FIRST ROUND SHEFFIELD HANDICAP— Thomas, 1; Rodda, 2; Jordan, 3; Hilliery, 4; Clark run out. TILTING—W. Farrel, 1; W. T. Flint, 2. QUOIT MATCH—J. Bryden, 1; Geo. Chatfield, 2. MARRIED MEN'S RACE—J. Thomas, 1; P. Walsh, 2. HACK RACE (mile heats)—F. Elliott's Spanker. FARMERS' AND FARMS LABORERS' RACE— W. Harris, 1; M. Hilliery (subject to pro test), 2. TROTTING MATCH:—Bargees, 1; W. Heath,, 2; Beach, 3. A protest was entered against the winner for not complying with the rules, and the prices were awarded to the second and third horses. BOYS' HANDICAP (under 12 yean)—A. May, 1; J. Barker, 2. FINAL ROUND SHEFFIELD HANDICAP—£6, J. Thomas (5 yards); .£3, E. J. Rodda (16 yards); £1, W. D. Jordan (2 yards). ClGAR, & UMBRELLA RACE—J. Bruce, 1; D. Heath, 2; J. Kinnear, 3 ; R. Heath, 4; W. Hawkes, 5. In this event, protests were entered against the first and third horses, which were upheld, and the prizes were awarded to the second and fourth horses. In the evening, a grand CONCERT Wa given in the church, in aid of the sports' prize fund. The building was filled by an enthusiastic audience, a large number being unable to obtain admittance. The Concert Committee had arranged a good programme. The chair was occupied by Mr G. Chatfield (Mayor of Wallaroo), who, in a few happy remarks, expressed his pleasure at seeing so successful a day's sports, and alto his gratifi cation at the large attendance present that evening. He thought he might safely promise them an enjoyable evening. The programme then opened with an overture by Miss Stephen in gool style. A song from Mr H. Deeble, " Many years ago," followed, and was well received. Miss Cissy O'Longhlin, a juvenile favorite, rendered in a pleasing man ner the pathetic song, " Please give me a penny, Sir," for which an imperative encore was demanded. Mr W. Symons contributed a recitation entitled " Hamlet on seeing the Ghost." Miss K. Herbert sang effectively the song, "Let my name be kindly spoken." Mr F. P. Hosking, who followed, was loudly applauded for his vocal effort, " The Brave Brigade," and as an encore gave a vigorous rendering of the comic song entitled "Johnny, get your gun," both contributions being received with marked approbation. Mrs Sharples and Miss Wearne then sang the duet," My home in Savoy," in a very pleasing manner. This brought the first part of the entertainment to a close. During the interval the prizes competed for at the sports were distributed to the successful competitors by the Chairman. The second part of the pro gramme opened with an overture by Miss Stephen, which was deservedly applauded. A song by Mr H. Deeble was followed by a recitation, " Billy's Rose," by Mr F. Bath was given in excellent style. Miss K. Herbert then sang " Dolly's Bevenge " with marked effect, and in response to a well- deserved encore, gave " You'll miss your mother when she's gone." Mr W. Finlayson contributed the favorite song, "Jack's come home to-day," and was loudly applauded for his effort. Mrs Sharples rendered the song, " Mother is the best friend after all," with feeling and effect. After a recitation by Miss Stephen, a capital evening's entertainment terminated with "God Save the Queen." 