«' THE LEGEMP Of THE WATTLE." TO THE EDITOE. SIB,-Allow we just a few lines in your valuable columns in order that I may express my appreciation of the very pretty little pop® by, I take it, a colonial writer under the above title published in jour issue of the 25th inst. Before It appeared I had ventured to imagine that the rhythm in which it was coached was peculiarly my own, but I most have been Rjietaken, and dreams I have had in the spirit lanfl of a poem oalled " Hiawatha " are doubtless but dreads after all. More over, any poor doggrel I m#y have written is, I see, improved upon/inasmupb your contributor in trod aces a certain rhyme tkronghffu$. Is spy case I owe " Talsie" a word of tbspks ; on tbe opp band for a really nice little poem, the out come of an imagination that giveB great promise for the future, or for the compli- ? meat conveyed rathe truism that " Imita tion is the sincerest flattery. - -1 am, &c.;, I i LONGFELLOW'S GHOST. I TABLEAUX. COFFEE aooiaL SAB.drowning ease, AUSTEAWAKB again defeated. ADDBBBS in reply got rid of. BEILLXANT Masonic gathering. StAviK boxes McAuliffie in September. THB Murray ruing ; Benmark in danger. THB Phillips' won't hare any arms left soon. PBO&BBSSIVB; Succession Duties bill intro duced. THB derates Emperor off on a month's cruise. THB Australian orioketers doing a little better. THB Bail way Oomissioners are in the South East. CorasBBffOK of Boards of Ad riot in Adel aide shortly. THB Governor and Chief Justice freemason'* ising in Tasmania. As attempt has been made to jump a Baker's Creek claim. Mr LAUBHBD says he is liable to err ; some people won't own that much. Boards of Advice and Majors hare con ferred on the question of Arbor Day. A coffee social takes plaee m the Kadina Town Hall on Tuesday evening next. THB Government are going to give the ' Boards of Advice a free ride to the city. IIOBD CABBHTGWON has got the goat. This 1 is one of the prmliges of the arlstoraoy. AN Australian freezing company with a capital of £250,000 registered in Iiondon. MUNICIPAL Oouneillors appear to have thin skins in Borne as well as other parts of the world THB people of the South JEast want the I freight lowered on the carriage of produce on | the railways. EDISON'S phonograph tried with great suo I cess in Melbourne Mr Gladstone talked to j the aadienoe. TASMANIA^ Government proposes to pur chase all the railways in the colony now held by companies. THB TJ. S. House of representatives has re jected the amendments made in the silver bill by the Senate. SPOKFOBTH, the demon bowler, to play with the Australian Eleven in several of the forth coming matches. IT is being felt that the Chief Justice might do more for hit country if he stuck to his office a little closer. Dr COOXBUBN referred to the "silver sea in whioh Australia was plaoed " as being her strong wall of defence. Quiz deals somewhat severely with Mr Bonython in its letters to publio men. Truth is at times very unpsllatable. PfiOBABiB changes in tba British Cabinet; Lord Harrington to be Premier with Lord Salisbury Minister for foreign affair*. j THB work of repairing the " creep " at the British mine is nearly finished. Ore is being again bagged for dispatch to Port Pirie." ' MB WOODS, the Australian, will probably play with the Australian Eleven, after the match of the latter with Cambridge Univer sity. LOBD CABBIN&TON; leaves Sydney in Novem ber. Another Lord expected to succeed him ; nothing Jess would suit the mother colony now. JUDOS HIGIOBOTTOU of Victoria has boiled down 400 Acts of Parliament into 100. But then be is not a leader of society sooh as our Chief iB. THB ladies who attended the Moonta social agree that the Masons are not so exclusive and unsociable as they biave been painted. THB Msyor of Hadiua has issued a number of invitations for Arbor Bay, including all ex-Mayors, and the members of the first j Council, THB Salvation Army in Melbourne having a big struggle with the unemployed. 531 registered, 831 meals have been supplied, and 25 families relieved. A Polish Jew near Stawell (V.) has died from starvation. He was goffering from in fluenza, bnt refused to have a doator. Over £300 found in the premises after his deatb. THB English directors of the British Blocks are disappointed at the returns of the mine ; the colonial shareholders are equally disap pointed at the extravagance of the directors. A Bew municipal bill of 416 clauses. When this is passed our looal Mayors will have to curtail their fortnightly reports in order to devote their spare time to a study of I munioipal law. THB clerk of the Adelaide Police Court, who appears to be a bit of a bush lawyer, has been ordered to pay £50 damages for the il legal arrest of a man who, he said, had used { abusive language towards him. . IT'S a pity that Mr Lamshed in referring to the former oooupations of those gentlemen, did not give them eorrectly ; all the members ' but the one whioh earned his praises have had ' practical experience of farming. O'CONSOB is not satisfied with his defeat by I Stansbury, the former complaining that he won the race on a foul. Stansbury has ! agreed to row the American again on Monday next on the Paramatta for the same stake,j but with a different umpire. Mr A. L. THBTTBB first asked the Public Service Commission not to publish bis evidence re wattle seed dispute, and now he writes to the papers complaining that it is not published. This looks as if Mr Thropp had been doing something else besides collecting wattle seed. , IT is said that the Princess Victoria of Prussia, having been crossed in lore, bas decided to remain single, and will remain single, and will take up hsr residence in England. For State reasons she was - not permitted to marry Prince Alexander of Bulgaria, who subsequently married an opera tic singer. THB total number of men engaged on the transcontinental line is 393, including engin eers, surveyors, inspectors, draoghtmen, and clerks. Labourers on day work to the number ? of 292 have received £4,159 8s lOd in wages during the past eight weeks while 22 pieee work men haye been paid £306 12s lid in the same time. PBBBEDBNT Harrison, of the United States, has refused to agree to the agreement arrived at between Mr Blaine and Lord Salisbury with respect to the Behriug Sea fisheries difficulty. The question at issue is as to the right of the United States to exolude Canadian and other sealsrs from the Behring Sea within 300 miles of the coast of Alaska. A BOOK AGENT CAUGHT.-A book agent named Samuel SpUrgeon Hail (says the ! Eapunda Merald) was convicted in the Mel | bourne Criminal Court, before Mr Justioe Hood, on June 16, of perjury committed in | a ciyil .action be brought to recotor from Mr | John Forrest, the prioe of a book published in Sydney, and called "Victoria and its I Metropolis: past and present," a short sister work to the now notorious " History of Sonth Australia." Tuesday's Age says: " A number of farmers who had repudiated alleged orders for a book entitled ' Victoria and its Metropolis,' were sued at the County Court, Horsham, in February last, before Judge Grant. Among the defendants was Mr John Forrest, against whom a verdiot was given for £10 lis 6d. The prisoner Hall gave evidence in the case that Forrest bad signed an order in proof of the claim and not | merely the statement of his biography. [ Thereupon an information was laid against i the agent for penury, and be was committed | for trial at the Horsham Police Court. Owing | to the strong feeling that prevailed in the } district, an order was obtained for the trial of Hall in Melbourne. The jury, after a j very brief retirement, brought in a verdiot of j I guilty and the prisoner was remanded for sentence. A point of law was reserved for argument." The prosecution showed that ; (say* the Harder Watch) signatures ffere obtained with indelible pencil wlueh could easily be transferred. Mr Forrest and other < witnessss gave evidence to the effect that ; they never signed any order.-Dr Creed has (says the Hamilton Spectator) introduced a Bill into the Legislative Assembly of New* South Wales, the object of whioh is to pro teot persons from imposition on the part of j book ageuls. The provisions of this measure ' require that no agreements to purchase a book, the whole of the volumes of which an not delivered at the time, shall be legal unlets there is printed 0n the face of the agreement in red letters, and ip typft not less than pioa .ire, "The liability qf the person under this agreement is-The d^sb, of conr*fj represents the amount of money involved, which has also tp be set forth in large charac ters. Newspapers and other periodicals ar§ exempt from the provisions of the Bill, whioh does not apply either to importers of j books or to the managers of publio, libraries. 1 