THE GLOBE-TROTTER. Letter Carrylug in Cilia a. About the moot curious institution in 'China is the postal service. It includes two quite distinct systems, one f or the government ofilciala and the other for every one , else. The dispatches of the government are carried by mounted postmen with tolerable swiftness. Their carriage and delivery are under the direct supervision of the Minister of War in Pekin. The people at large are not allowed to send mail by the official carriers. They are obliged to transact all their poBtal business through a much slower medium. Ia every Chinese city there are several t post offices which receive and deliver ia • their respective districts the mail matter of the general public. Each guarantees the safe delivery of everything intrusted to its ; care, and in case of loss cf valuable papers or goods reimburses the sender without delay. The contents of every package, however, must be.exactly declared at the time of mailing, as the postage varies with very trivial variations of value. The postmen of this branch of the mail service walk or ride on asses, from station to station. With some eighty pounds of mail matter a postman covers about three miles an hour. The minute he arrives at the end of his route he transfers his burden to the shoulders of another postman, who, whatever the time of day. and whatever the weather, hurrieB off to deliver it at the next station. To keep himBelf ready for all emergencies, the Chinese postman never fuddles hie wits with over-eating. He always takes very light meals. "Eats himself only eeventenths full," the Chinese say. . He is usually a man of fine physique, ard less .afraid of ghosts, witohes, etc., than forty-nine out of every fifty cf his fellow-countrymen. In fact, an applicant for admission to the service is generally subjected to a kind of civil service examination of bis courage in withstanding the horrors of supernatural phenomena. If he stands the test without quailing and proves that be has not incurred -the enmity of any spirit bad that might interfere with him in the discharge of his duties, he has taken a long step towards procuring his appointment. This singular condition for admission to the service is universally considered to be quite proper,for the average Chinaman is also afraid of spirits and the dark that the slightest noise by the woyeide at night would cause him to drop whatever he was carrying and dart ofi like a shot to the nearest settlement. An ordinary letter' may be sent one hundred and fifty miles or more for about 3d. Thirty per cent, of the postage in collected in advance from the sender. This amount covers the expense of transportation, and IB a guarantee against fraud on the part of the Bender. The other seventy per cent, IB collected from the receiver, and represents the profit cf the service. The poBtmcn often carry very valuable mails. Tho traders intrust to them drafts and silver bullion without hesitation. To protect the most important mails, email guards of soldiers are often nsed, or troops of fighting civilians arc always ready to fight at least a dozen highwaymen. The manner in which they prepare themselves for such uneven combats is an elaboration of a pugilist' s training in punching tho bag. From the roof of the empty shed in which the practice is taken hang on ropes ten heavy sandbags. Tho man who is learning to be a guard stands in the midst of theae bags, while his instructor on the outside sets them to swinging. The man araoBg the bB.j;n then strikes out right and left with hi& fists for the purpose of punching the bagsawav from him. As soon as he learns to keep aii the bags in motion without letting' them touch bim he is pronounced ready to. go on the road to knock out mail robbers. 