A FREE MARKET. The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in i I commervial sense, is a "free market." In other wolds, a "fair" means a market at whih all and ever c may purchase or not without being snbjected to D fee or tax, and also where alland every n sell with out any such disabilitiv as attach to ordinary martets. At one time the fairs In England were I great features in the social and industrial life t of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker intercommunication whichr has rna iued, thse fr, have pretty wall died out, amatter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition a of thes national life. ERre n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed a serylittlsof the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast g-a-headooloaics. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Erupe, and basinese is done with a movement and form to which, nven in this day, few provincial folk In the old country are accustomed. This, howerer, is a nessity, following upon our freer and more properous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is ?eaght ?n all diretions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago wa sceomplished in a week. This, howeerr, is not a matter fOr marvel. It we live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the sld folk eould po'ibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which seotimeetalists are continually regretting-people,by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: " Let seience, learni?, arts and Nmmerce die, But give us back our ownnobility. Peopla nowadays have money to spend, and as cuea tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spepd it wisely, we find great ectablishmenta, such as Foy and Gibson',, of Smith street, Collingwod springing into 'existence, whose purpose it is to p?lply to a well-t-do population, the comfort s, the neceserioe, the deegancias and refenements of home life. Here we euule to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Austraslia. We are wrong. At this pree-t moment, the firm we hare mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat rnlgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes gor." Any theatrical manager who may happen pat eeHws. Foyand Gibson's grost shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and pros of people into and out of thoe places. All morel by the one impulr-a a sger desire te raenil themselve of the adv~a tao?soffered by Foy and Gibson to pulcrlers during tleir great Fair. Tothebenevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least I) per cent. of these reowdr are rendrced happier ly their attendance at this Fair. The 1 unen wife who has become posesseld of one of those elegant mantles, of which ouch nulones of enrpasino beauty and trse anre exhibited, will hve a swaeter temperani more ruatented epirit h han hitherto rul.l her. The ratron lwho ohas seael one of thoe. splenaid I?ras.eL crepete at 4s.C . per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The' country gentleman who has pur chased his ruites of furiture for the home to which hle shll presently cvnduct his bride, is llld with a -ens( of import?nce and responiibility, to whichhither.to, der:og hi shiit'eoalovenly bahclter edah, be has been an utter strano'r. In a word, it is imleble for a refleeting observer to look on at the oc' lbvv influx and o:t - flux of ri.itrs to this shew to be iace:sible to the circumstance that three fairs erve a higher purpose than perhaLo ever eterel intol the calcula tions of the originatorl themlk els. We do net sup po that Meeates. Foy and Gibuln, when eontlep!nt t ingthe etablirshment of these fairs, took into re honing the p?.ilanthrepie aspect of the mattr,. ]]eut as a rule moral gol follows upon all honourable en tesrie. and MelIrs. For and Gibbsn whem they reckon their proits, may, if they please, add to them the imeportaint, though intangibtle balance of an in aans 1 pOpuchr coteentement. There is another lesontolesan fromtheSe fairs, ndl that is, that in the hands of capable mren, no affairs, however intriote or e'mllic' tld, are beyond the indfluere of metlhud. The rulesby which this gIat establishment is governeed, are en as tee laws of the S?teso and Pe.sials. A fixed system-result of long experienee-cnd qrge business ex periree, controls every detail of thi, t usi ne.s, so that matter- g on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of te tkrob oand pdrle tthe steam engine. Some ile antay be form?d by these who have nevroer vesiot Fory and Giaoonea premices of their ire when we inform them that the frontage eatends Breft. to Smith street. and that there is a depth to Little Ouxfrd street of ?ilt. The gr?at Show roem. filled with th> outliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of deported belles aseomble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and elvetve and lace, and other bewildering matters, taste aogin some slight flavour of the delights which once movrel them in the dlesh. SWe do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespnore's authority that there are more things in haven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de perted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the asubtantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. a Peeop'-ladie in parfitrlr-wto want a new a n pation, rght to s d an hour ar to at Foy and a Ginbean's a; and if they, having done so, do not eapcriencae a .enuation as of one wrho has beheld anaw reve lation, all we ma my is that they must be very blas auJ piyed out. For soh people there is but one asom -p~ d-meor-im-L'Arvs] 