A MARCH IN THE RANKS. BY JESSIE FOTHERGILL. Author of . "The First Violin," "Healey," "Kith and Kin," "From Moor Isles," &c.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter XLIS. — I Will Be Directed. Before ho had finished speaking sho had darted from tho room, along tho corridor, down the stairs to whero Peregrine's rooms were. She was by his bedside, faoing the sight that hnil more horror for her than any other in the world. At a single glance she saw that ho was, as Wil son had said, very ill indeed ; more ill than ho had been even on that night when Godfrey had been first anmmoned to him. 44 If he should die, and I conld not tell bim that I am sorry — or before ho could say 4 1 for give yon!"' This was the wild fear that knocked importunately at her heart and filled her consciousness, whilo with outward self possession, and without an instant's loss of time, sho turned to the man, saving, 44 Go this moment to Little Undermoor, and bring Dr. Noble here. Don't lose a second. I will stay here. There's nothing to bo done till tho doetor comes." It seemed an eternity before Wilson returned, accompanied by Godfrey. It had been a little more than 10 minutes. Godfrey knew there must' have been some thing vory wrong betweon hor nnd Peregrine when she, not heeding the presence of tho ser vant, sprang to his sido, seized his arm as if in a vice, and whispered (not forgetting, even now, to prevent Pcregrino from knowing all her alarm, — V Get him out of it quickly. Ho mnst not die this time 1 Not yet ! I am sure you can do it." "Let us see what can be done," said Godfrey, putting her gently aside, and going up to his patient. It was a hand-to-hand struggle with death in which they now engaged, for tho spasm was a terrible one, anil at first no remedies took any effect, no applications could warm the death like coldness .whioh had him in its icy grasp. Each shuddering, agonised breath seemed as if it would be the last ; so that Alizon herself felt as if her last hour had come, in the intensity of her longing to wrench some of that suffering away from its victim, and her passionate feeling that sho could bear it so much better than he could. Suspense and fear had conquered oven her. She beckoned tho servant to tako hor place, cost herself into an easy chair where Peregrine could not see her, and covering her face with her hands, waited. 44 Tell me when there is anything different," sho said briofly to Godfrey, and ho knew the unspoken meaning that lay behind her words. At last sho heard his voice. como out of this." In n second she was at his sido again; and though at the first glance be looked just the same, yet directly sho saw that Godfrey was right. A chango was creeping over his face, the color ot life was graduully returning to his lips, and at last he gave thorn a look which had iu it something that was not. merely agony and nothing else. 44 Peregrine ! " she said, hardly ablo to articu late the word, and bending over him. Ho looked at her without speaking for a moment ;.thon turnod to Godfrey, nnd said — " That was a bad one, wasn't it ?" "Pretty well," said Godfrey, nodding. 44 Yon aro better now." His eyes had never lost sight of Alizon, though he was speaking to Peregrine, and apparently looking at him. "Horo!" ho said to too servant, suddenly, but without haste, 44 You stay here a minute. Put somo more of this stuff on to tho handkerchief and givo it to him. I'll como back," ho added to Peregrine, and then, taking Alizon by the arm, ho led hor into tho noxt room, Peregrine's smoking room, filiod with his things, smelling of tobacco ond Russia leather. Tho blind was up. Tho chill morning light was in tho room, groy and un- genial. Outside, tho trees stood motionless in a soft whito mist. "Oh," sho gasped, 41 1 thought he would novor come back horo any more." Sho sank down upon the divan against tho wall, and for tho first and Inst time in her lifo lost consciousness and fainted away. It was, howovor, only for a moment or two. When sho awoke again with a sigh, Godfrey was still standing by her. "Now you are bettor. Drink this water and como to his room ngain as soon as you feel fit, not before. Ho will bo very weak after this, and ho must bo kopt clear of anything in the least agitating." "Yos," said she, nnd Godfrey went back leav ing her nlono. Whon, after a very short timo, sho rejoined them in tho bedroom, ho was Bur- prised, well though ho kuew hor strength, to SCO now completely sho had recovered her com posure. Percgrino wns now frco from pain, though ho looked moro dead than alive. When ho saw her como in ho did not Bpeak, and sho tnorely said gontly, 44 You are better now?" 44 Yes, thank you. I've given a lot of troublo." Ho turnod to Godfrey. Tho latter, as soon as possible, sent Alizou away, and leaving full directions with the man, and with a promise to come again during the forenoon ho went away himself. Alizon, on getting to hor own room agnin, found it was 5.30, and that she had what she had scarcely ever before suspected sho possessed- nerves, and that they were unstrung. Sho adopted hor own plan of dealing with this con tingency ; plunged into a cold bath, dressed, and, putting on hor hat, left tho house anil garden and struck out over the moor in a lonely little frequented direction. Here, alone in tho profound stillness and crisp fresh ness of the autumn morning, sho climbed quickly upwards, seeing tho warmth of day gradually appear, and despite the soft mists which had hung over everything when sho sot out. Whon she had gono as far and 03 higli as sho wished to, sho camo to a pause, and looked about her. Brown heather and yellow bracken waved in a sea of beauty over the fiat table land on which sho stood, and rose about her feet. Below, tho valley lay spread like a map ; the white roads, tho grey river, the fields green and brown, the wood3 with their autumn nosegays of color. There was her bugbear, Moorsido, on tho hillside. There was the thick: wood which surrounded her own homo, and tho small house belonging to it. She could see the chimneys and part of the bulk of both, and sho looked down at them long and sorrowfully. Could she. nerhans. from the nhvsical distance get any clearer view of the moral situation ? Bo that as it might, she made a vow anil swore an oath in her heart, as she stood there, and after turning her eyes southwards in the direction into whioh Hilda had yesterday journeyed, her gaze once moro turned to tho two Under- raoors. 44 1 will take what comes. I will do nothing, say nothing, suggest nothing. It is outside my province. I will bo directed." ' Chapter L.— The Decision. For days aftor his terrible attack of illness, Peregrine remained weak and ill in tho extreme. Godfrey, who visited him every day, absolutely forbade his getting up, nor indeed was lie able to do so, but spent most of his timo lying on his back, afraid to try even a change of position lest tho terrible tiling should seize hold of him again. Daring that first day Alizon did not see him at all until evening. Godfrey had come again about 11 o'clock/and had enjoined silence, quiet, anil almost solitude ; ho ordered that the invalid should scehio one but his servant, who was a skillful nurse. Alizon wa3 forced to endure this as best she could. She did not seo Godfrey either. She knew ho was in tho house, and the unprecedented occurrence took place that she felt herself wanting in tho conrago to intercept him on hi3 way out, either to ask him about Peregrine's state, or to hold any conversation with him onher own account. He did not ask to see her, sho found ; she received Wilson's report of his visit anil his orders, nnd mado no comment upon it, but this littlo incident — Godfrey's taking his departure from the house without seeking any iuterviewwith ber— sankdeepintolier heart, and showed her, perhaps more tlinn anything el-e could have done, the depth of tho gulf which shq had mado between herself and him anil his. Her mood of the morning was still upon her. Her solemn promise to horself, 44 1 will be directed," had been wmng from her by the deepest feelings, tho strongest convictions sho could experience. She was quita clear in her own mind what she meant by this promise; it would be the hardest ono to keep that sho could possibly have made, and little timo elapsed be fore Bhe was put to the test. It came at once, in this painful experience of Godfrey's aloof ness, and tho banishment from her brother's room which, though it might be desirable enough, would not, she felt sure, have been ordered by Godfrey if he hail not guessed or been told thnt her presence would vex and agitate Peregrine. Tho day passed drearily enough. Sho knew that Godfrey paid a second visit to his patient during the day, and again she did riot see him. Late in tho evening Wilson came to her with n message from Pcregrino, that if she hail time he would be glad to see her for a few minutes. She went upstairs, feeling most sad, most uncertain anil low spirited. It was with a kind of terror that sho re-entered the room in which had passed all the suffering and struggle of the early morning. Softly she entered, and as softly went up to his bedside, and looked at him. plaeing her hand timidly upon one of his which lav motion less on tho quilt. Ho looked ns wliito as a sheeted ghost; the slightly arohed line of his fine black eyebrows, the cloud of silky dark hair, and the exhausted dark eyes formed a marked contrast to this pallor. His face, despite its hollow look, was, so far . as liue nuil contour went, a beautiful face, nnd always would be. Alizon, at this moment, folt it to tho depths of her hoart, tra she looked earnestly at him and, in her newborn compunotion and self distrust, realised thoroughly that to other women, who were not hiB sisters, monitors and opprassivo guardians, it3 beauty and the charm which ho coulil oxerciso when he sc pleased might bo dangerous in their fasoination. 4J1U1IJI UtIU OUUUVUtJ IV II UO WUIU? Ill 1ICI what influence ho might wield over an cmotionnl, suscoptiblo, highly-strung nature. 44 Like Hilda's "—forced itself into hor minil. Had he not always, whon ho had chosen to charm and persuado even her, with her eyes open to all hi: faults and all his follies, succeeded in beguiling her into indulgence of his crotohets, connivance at maiiy a proceeding of which she disapproved. And was it likely to be less so with others, who saw all tho charm and less of tho hard reality behind it than she did ? "You wanted to soo me, Peregrine," she said, very softly. He made no return of the touch of her hand— always before, aftor one of these terrible illnesses, he had readily taken her hand and hold it for a time, if no other sign of feeling had passed between them. But there wob no responso now, and, fearing to annoy him, sho removed her own from his and looked at him. 44 1 sent for you," he replied, in suoh a weak, extinguished voice as she had ncvor yet heard from him ; hut, from the expression which sud denly crossed his face and came into his oyes, sho knew he had no kindly words to say to her. She dared not spoak first, but waited to hear what ho had to say. 44 It wasn't that I particularly wanted to boo you," he continued. "Servants arc always jabbering. You havo alwayB bcon witli me lie- fore, anil I thought thoy might think it queer if I didn't seo you now. So 1 nskeil you to come — that was all. Noblo says I mayn't get up for ever so many days, but that I shall get over this." 44 Yos, I am sure ho will toll you only what is right." 44 It's late, isn't it? Have you had dinner?" 44 Yes, it is nearly ten." 44 Noble is coming to soo mo again to-morroiv. Ho told mo to soo no one io-dny, so I suppose I hail hotter bo quiet now. I'm awfully tired when it comes to trying to talk." 44 Very well I am sure you had host be quito still, and Bay nothing. I won't stay ; I am glad I liavo seen you. Good night;" 44 Good night 1 " said Porogrino, with a slight, almost impcreoptiblo smile, fcnea moro sho touched his hand with hora. Onco moro no responsiro movement came from his. Sho turned nnd went away, sent Wilson baok to liira, nnd went into hor own room, where, aftor standing still for a moment; sho burst into ui passion of tears— wild, torrible, uncontrollable tears and weeping. Sho was a woman who V; . ... — - — — — — — — — - — — — might be said to " never cry," ami the storm left .? her feeling physically as well as mentally pros trate, Sho had never felt so ill in her life, nor \- so desolate and solitary. She saw nothing for it hullo submit, until at any . rate Peregrine should bo much bettor, and able togivc his views on different subjects. A week or more passed thus, during which time Peregrine, though he got up, was nob al lowed to leave his own rooms. As he got a little better, he sent for her two or three times ; she passed in and out of his rooms, bringing him flowers from the greenhouse, books and news papers, as she had been in the habit of doing. Not the faintest allusion to what had happened passed between tlicm. Outwardly, things . looked much as they always had done, only — there was the chasm between them, which seemed to grow deeper and deeper as the days went on. There was the continued cessation of any intercourse between Godfrey and herself. Once she met him coining out of Peregrine's room, as she was about to go into it. She had not known he was there, liaving coino straight upstairs from the garden whero she had been. Alizon must have been brought very law by that time, for she paused, looked at him, and wished liim good morning. She dared not hold out her hand lest he should refuse it. " Good monrng," said the young man, quietly enough, as he made her a ceremonious bow ; but she saw the sudden color that covered his face. She longed wildly to be inspired with the right words to say to him, but ready in resource ft3 she usually was she failed on this occasion to say something appropriate in time. For almost without a moments pause he passed her and wont quickly downstairs. " He can resent, then !" she said to herself. " « on, it- wouia do a miracie n nc uiun r. Peregrine never mentioned him to her, though she knew quite well that he had long conversa tions with him ; and this, too, was a source of wondering speculation to Alizon. How much did Godfrey know of what had passed between liis sister and Peregrine'? Was he destitute of sensitiveness on such points? "Was he, too, "despicable " in such matters? Or was he — was he — what was he ? Something considerably stronger and better than she had hitherto taken him for? All this, and kindred reflections, tedious to relate and dwell upon, formed for Alizon the . opening of a new kind of spiritual and mental \- . life. As the days of solitude and sorrow and humiliation crept slowly by with leaden feet — so . it seemed at the time— she was growing in- . wardly, though she knew it not. She only understood afterwards, on looking back and . finding how long a time had in reality sped by, how much she had felt, learnt, mid experienced during that time. Oue evening, a fortnight after Peregrine's seizure, he lmd, for the first time, come down to dinner. Alizon maintained an outward cheerful serenity, but she knew as well as possible that . the thought in her brother's mind, as well as in her own, was that but for what lmd happened . the natural order of things would have been that Godfrey should be seated with tlxem, re joicing with them over the invalid's compara tive recovery. It was a bitter thought, one which hurt her more keenly than she would have admitted. When dinner was over, he asked her where she was sitting, and wheu she said "in the library," lie said he would come there too. They entered the room. A bright wood flro blazed on the hearth ; the Lamps were lighted, the curtains drawn ; the place looked the picture of cosiness and peace. Shu took her usual cliAir, and her book into her hand, but glanced at him before beginning to rend. Ho was standing by the mantelpiece, ouc elbow resting on it. One , hand, white and almost transparent in its thinness, he spread out to warm in the blaze. " I've some business to talk to you about," ho said, "and I want to get it done." "I am at your service," said she, laying down her book, and wondering if it were very disa greeable business. They had had a good many disagreeable interviews in this room ; here it was he had insisted ou having the ball which liadbecn so disastrous in some of its indirect consequences ; bore had taken place that worst scene of all, after she lmd come back from seeing Hilda at Little Undermoor. Peregrine did not keep her in any suspense. . " I told you before 1 was taken ill that I meant to have some other arrangements — I was tired of this kind of thing ; and this last affair has not made mc think differently." . "Arc you sure you arc able to talk of . business to-night— the first time you are , down?" : . . "Yes,, quite," ho said curtly. \ "I have had plenty of time to think things over, and I have decided .upon everything . now j but, before I talk about that, you may as well know that Noble is not going to stay at Undermoor." . . '"Indeed,!": The. word dropped tonelcsaly from her lips. .The news was so very much what might have been expected, but by the feel- . ing which swept across her heart when she heard it, she knew what bad news it was to her self. . "No. . It's only likely that he should wish to go. . Vc had it out one day. I made a clean breast; ofit to him. It seemed lie knew all UifUUv iv. X USULU 1# . 114 UUu 11U tUUiU O will' ing to see me. Ho said that was all right, but that he was afraid everything else was all wrong. Ho was for leaving mo then and there, and tak ing Ins little sister away with him, but I threat ened to have another fit and finish myself off altogether if he did, so he consented to Btay for . a little, while, till he leaves Asklcy- bridge." : . "He is going to leave the place?" asked Alizon, . quickly. . "Yes, and no wonder. His sister is to bo ; married to Giles at tho end of the year, but . from whero they lived before, not from here. ; When , bo takes her thcro for her wedding, he takes himself off at thosame time, not to return. 1 don't want to talk about it. Ho is the best fellow I ever knew. We'll drop that." She made no answer, but sat with her hands folded on her lap, aud gazed into the ffrc. God frey going ! Aud she heard of it from a third persou ! Peregrine's voice continued : "He's, going. And I am going too. I don't mean to have my headquarters here any longer. . Perhaps I may come occasionally. But I can't \- stand it for a permanency." " Where shall you go, then ?" "London, first. Perhaps I may go abroad afterwards, but I'll try Londou first. I find my old . rooms iu Chrgcs-strect ate vacant, and I shall be received there with open arms. One amuses : onesolf better in London than at Asklcy- bridge, even though oncinay bo an invnlid," he went on meditatively. "If it doesn't suit mc, I can go where I please. I have the world to choose from, and that always makes it more diffi cult." "You will have Wilson with you, of course?" "Oh of course. He'd quite indispousablo to me. He was kind enough to make no objection to the arrangement when I spoke to him about it. In fact, he approves of it. He thinks the , change will do 'us both good," said Peregrine, laughing a little. . " Well, lie is .vory valuablo of course. But : . . . Pray excuse me. He isn't a companion for you aftcrall. You never made a companion of a servant and never could. And, though tho novelty of the thing may amino you at first, yet you will soon find you have to be as quiet thcie as here, almost— or to pay. a frightful penalty. You kuow you will, Peicgriiio,' she added al- most beseechingly. "I don't want to throw cold water on your plan, but, though I have not seen the sort of comrado you liked, yot even I must have been better than in lodgings, with no one but Wilson." " I have thought about that, of course," said Peregrine, and this time there was a slight change iu his tone, an accent of something like embarrassment. " It would bo extremely wretched with no ono but Wilson, so I shall have someone else as well as Wilson." "Why, whom?" she asked, looking at him, as one wild conjecture after another flitted through her mind. Not Nelly ? Wildly impossible. Not Godfrey Noble ? Still more so. "I shall take my son with mc," replied Pere grine, deliberately. "Your — son?" she echoed, slowly, staring at him, and for the moment wondering if he wcic iu his senses. " Yes, my son. Of course such a thing never occurred to you as that I should dream of doing so. But it occurred to me some time ago, when I bad mode up my mind to put things on to a different footing. I've often thought about the little beggar, and rather wished to see him ; but I novor saw my way to managing it without stirring up a lot of disagreeables and having a regular row overit. But now I've made up my mind to pay the jirice which it will cost to have him to myself, and I shall take him with me and have him properly looked after till it's time for him to go to Eton. He's hardly old enough to have a tutor yet, and I don t see how a governess is to be introduced into a bachelor's establishment. . . But there are ways and means of managing things," ho went on, in a sanguine tono. " In tho first place I must liavo him over here. You have always been the boss wnere uioso cuuureu came in, so x tuougat it might be better if you were to write and arrange about it, if you don't mind. If you have any objection I'll get Barnctt to do it." (Harnett was tho family solicitor.) "There's a governess, or somo one, isn't there ?" Pcrcgiino went on. " Yes, of course." " Well, slie might bring him over. I should like him to stay here a day or two, and try how he likes it," he continued, to his astouished auditor, who sat silent from sheer excess of amazement. "About writing," he added. "Will you do it, or do you object?" "Oh, I will do it. Only, what am I to say? I can't order Nelly to give up the boy, without rhyme or reason. That would be a fresh cause of offence, with a vengeance." "Why, of course, you may he sure I have considered tlmt," said Peregrine, with sardonic emphasis. " You are to tell liur from mo that I am still in tho same mind as to living alone, and always shall be, and that I know I can legally take both the children away from her if I like, but I don't. I am reasonable. I want to have the boy, and provided she gives him to mo and leaves mc in peace she can have Undermoor to do as she likes with, any establishment she pleases here, and an equal division of income. It isn't as if I wanted a lot of money," pursued Peregrine with unvarnished egoism, "I can't spend it, in my state of health, and I'm willing to pay that price for peace and liberty, and the possession of my boy. Tell her this is an informal offer, and that it can all be made square officially afterwaids." t\cll, I will doit, said Alizon slowly, and then, with more animation, " Peregiiue, tell me one thing truly ; is this idea your own or did Godfrey Noble put it into your head ?" "It's chiefly my own. He knew long ago that I wanted to have the boy. I was talking about it again, aud he said, Why not?' Theu he told mc some things — what difficulties she had got herself into, and all that, and that he was convinced it would be all right if she felt herself of a little more importance. It seemed to mo reasonable— iu fact, I wonder none of us over thought of it before. And so, between us, we concocted this scheme. As for you, Alizon " "Pray make no plans for mc," she said decisively. " You arccutting yourself loosef rorn me now. Leave me to dispose of myself." "By all means," he assented, with a bow. "I was not thinking of dictating to you. I only wanted you to see that I hadn't disposed of everything without giving a thought to you. The little house belongs to you, you know, until you get married." "I know all about that. Never mind me," she said, more hurriedly still. " Would you like me to write about Saxon at once — to morrow, tlint is?" "If you don't mind." " Very well. And how soon do you suppose to carry out this idea ?" "As 80011 as ho has been here a little while, and got accustomed to mc. And, of course, I slmll have to decide what I am going to do about his education, and all that. I should think in a fortnight or three weeks, if there's no coufouudcd difficulties made by tho other side." " Well," replied Alizon, almost automati cally. "Sons there's no more to be said, I'll wish you good night," pursued he. " Good night," she repeated, with a profound sigh, as she watched him go out of the room. 