WEST SYDNEY ELECTION. To the Editor. Sir, — Permit me m tne columns ot tne .ravENiN-* News, which throughout this deplorable strike is the only Sydney daily paper which has^given even a semblance of fair play to labor, to sound a note of warning to the workers. From all appearances the laber party, which is entirely without political organisation, seems to be giddily rushing to its own destruction in this pending West Sydney contest. There is a plethora of so called labor candidates already in the field, and not one of them has the ghost of a chance of winning the election. Among them is a wharf laborer, a Domain 'howler,' a young man who seems to have gone crazy over protection, and last, but not least, the ubiquitous Mr. P. J. Bren nan, president of the Trades and Labor Council, and an ex-offieio member of the Labor Defence Committee. The political ambition of the last named individual, to say the least of it, is some what extraordinary. He is ostensibly put for ward by the West Sydney Protection League. Is it not a strange thing that Mr. Brennan, the nominee of such a body, should be rising as a labor candidate f His appearance in the political arena in such a guise is all the more remarkable, inasmuch as the Trades and Labor Council quite recently decided that labor candidates should not be run under the official auspices of that body, and that furthermore the council could take no cognizance of the fieeal question in the matter of parliamentary candidates. How then can Mr. Brennan, the president of that body, come for ward as the nominee of a hole and corner protec tionist meeting in West Sydney. And how came it about that Mr. Brennan. is in the field at all. Surely as paid secretary of the Butchers' Union, president of the Trades and Labor Council, and member of the Labor Defence Committee, he has quite enough to do without dabbling in politics. Surely he would be better employed in endeavor ing to bring about a settlement of the strike. I now 'warn the labor party to beware of the danger of losing their heads by running after such -will-V-the-wisps who will certainly lead them into the quagmire ©f disorganisation and ruin.— Tours, &c;, . W. JEFFEEY, 12, MeaxB-avenue, Eandwick. 