A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," In its I commercial sense, is a "free market." In other words, a "fair" means a market at which all and every may purchase or not without being subje.ted to fee or tax, and alst where all and every can ell with i out any such disabilities as attach' to ordinary mI arkets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the sota and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishmenl of railways, and the quicker ino communichtion which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, amatter perhaps for regret, in some respects,' I but inevitable uniler the changed condition of the i national life. SHere in Austulia fairs are unknown. indeed Iverylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-headcoloniese. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business Is done with a movement "and force to whlah, I even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened e energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its 'average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now Ie ) sought in all directions to doas much in an hour as 100 years ago was acecomplsahed in a week. Tuas, however, is. not a matter fo marvel. If we ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than- the old folk . eould possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred s fold greateri and is more equally distributed thantno those "good:old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, by the ay, whoare of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners Swho wrote: "Let science, lesrnng, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as eduo e tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as ' Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing -into existence, whose 'purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home a life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have s said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are 3 wrong. At 'this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, I are conducting a gigantio Fair, and to . use a graphie, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore, eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Mesrs. Foy and Gibsuon's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous E mind if he forbear from a ailh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers' during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temperand more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of' those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Cd, per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country, gentleman who has pur. chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftless slovenly bichelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, is' Impossible for a reflecting , observer to loob on at the ceaseless influx -and' out - flus of visitors to this show to ' be insensible to the circumstance that these faires serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup. pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec* koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en. terprise, and Mes?rs. For and Gibson when they reckontheir profits, may, if tihesplease, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an mn creased popular contentment.. There is another les'ontolearn fromthese fairs, and that is, that in tie hanlds of capable men, no affatr, however intricate or conpllcated,are beyond.the influente of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience-and large buasiness ex perience, controls ev.'ry detail of the bust. ness, so that matters go on like machlnery, and to our mind, s ith much of the throb and pulse of the steam enoine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, tliil with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if gnuosts of dclarten belles nsoemble here o' nights and, amidst dltiny slksr and vcvete, and laces,- and other hewildring nmatsten, taste again some sligiht flavbu of ithe delighte which once moved them in the oeshi We do not Ibelieve in ghosts, but, as we have Ms Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in onu philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts,! de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle In spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-tadies in 'particular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, havin done soo do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we can say is that they must be'"ery bllas and played out. For such people' there is but one resource patent-medicines.-ArDVT.l 