heligoland. With reference to the cession by England of Heligoland to Germany the Daily says If we are to cede Heligoland, it may be useful to know what Heligoland is like. Englishmen, as a rule, have less information ou that point than the Russians, Danes and Germans who aunuailv make tho island their bathiug station. It is a small island, and the very smallest of our organised colonies. It measures little over a mile in us greatest length and about a third of a mile in its greatest jbreadth or, say, three- quarters of a square mile in ull. t It is nothing, yet in certain contingencies it might be every thing, for it 6tiutds right opposite to that mouth of the Elbe which, when the canal to Kiel is completed, will give tho German fleet free access to the North Sea and render ic quite independent of the troublesome passage by the Sound. Though Heligoland is known to but few EnglLbmen, :l i foriunatelv fairly well kno\vu to oue (Mr. William George Black), who, iu spite of occasional inaccuracies, has written u capital book about it and the ndjnceut islands, which was published two yearn ago by Black- wood aud Sou4 Our want of knowledge is in this instance mere forgetinlues.-, for Heligoland forms one of those Fri-inti islands of the North Sea which formed the cradle of our race. AIoBt of these islands were ,-ecurcd by Prussia on her annexation of SSchleswig-Hohuiin, and, if it suiter the datno tuio, Heligoland will but go th»J way of the Frisian world. From the Island of »Svit, according to local tradition, Llengisi sailed to the conquest of Britain. The storms of 140'j years have washed Hongipt's harbor out of recognition, but the tradition has ueiicd their ravages. Thcf .language of Heligoland bearB a c'o-». affinity to modern English — if tho fact ought not rather to he stated the other way. As the Heligolanders themselves sing or say— Jluwtor. brent en greuu ules Is guth Iuglisu eu gutU b'ricsch, which, being modernised rather than translated, tuns as follows Butter, bread and green ehcesa Is k'Oud Kngiisu uud tfoud Frieda. This may have something to do with the un questionable prefeienco of the Heiigolauders tor the Euglish rule. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach was perfectly justified iu calling attention to this aspect of the ca'c in a late debate which, it is needless to say, tool: place before Lord Salisbury's intentions were announced, Tho Heligolanders bear a stroog attuchmeut to their isiand and they have a lively horror of annexa tion to a military monarchy based on tbo system of the conscription. They celebrated the Jubilee of tho Queen with every demonstra tion of loyalty as an acknowledgment of their gratitude to a power which, while it governs them us a Crown colony, Btill leaves them very much to themselves. Their present constitution dates only from 18(13, and it places them under the paternal care of a Governor who, within hi9 modest limits, is said to be as autocratic n3 the Czar. This umiublu despot makes his- own laws and is his own Chancellor of the Exchequer. He is also his own Com mander-in-Chief and Judge of tho Court of Sessions, though he has assistance in cases of divorce. Sir Aithnr Barkly, who at present holds this enviable post, was appointed in 1SS8. Sir Terence O'Brien, his predecessor, "restored the Dimness," paved the streets with concrete and erected a stcaui lift— a most useful contri vance, as affording communication bet'wecn the Handy shore aud the high aud all but inaccessihlo cliff above, where most of the people lire. Heligoland has had many masters, but it has never belonged to Germany. It was captured by us iu 18U7 from the Danes, and formally ceded by them in 1814 by the Treaty of Kiel. The loyalty of the island to the British connection is no uoubt bused, to some extent, on the consideration that it ia best to let well alone. Heligoland has increased both in population and resources under British rule. The population is now about 2500, tho reveuuo between £8O00 und £3000. The national debt —for, to bo strictly accurate, the island is not wholly without one— stauds at £10. Bo, at least, we gather from the last report of Gover nor Barkly ; but iu another way of looking at it this is only au outstanding account presented too late for settlement at the close of tho lust financial year. Our own territorial loss in the transaction may he stated in this way. Taking the whole Empire, we have at present 8,013,502 square miles ; we shall have only 8,940,561 when Heligoland goes to Ger many. We are giving up about the half of Hyde Park. The bitter American saying about England would be almost literally truo of the little island at the mouth of the Elbe. A som nambulist might hesitate to go to bed there for fear he might walk in tho night and full off. This, of course, is only one way of looking at it. '('here ia every probability that Germany will strongly fortify tho island and that we shall find it easier to part with thau to recover if ever we want it back agaiu. It is the sea, the sea, and nothing but the sea at Heligoland. Tho traveller reports few trees, uo ruuniog water, no ruins, but ao cxtr.ior Jinary width of sea-view, seen as from the deck of a gigautic ship. Thete is uo harbor— passengers ure pulled ashore in boats. The only romantic associations are a ghost, beiieved to represent a person in orders and of the Lutheran petsuasion, uud a sort of sub-population oi elfiu people, who live under the Trcppe, or steps that lead to the Gurumit of the rock. Those are greatly given to the petty larceny of new-bout babes, substituting their own uu- sightly offspring for the little strangers, unless closely watched. The best substitute for the watching is to rub the feet of tbo nurselings with butter, and this ia commonly douo. Every thing in Heligoland ia to scale, except the men and women. The summer season lasts but lu weeks. After that time hotels, lodglnghouses and shops aro closed nuri the m «il — wind and weather permitting even theu— comes in but twice a week. But life is very pleasant there while thu season Justs. Small ns it is, Heligo land has a sort of dependency iu a still smaller i9laud about a quarter of a mile distant from what may bo called the empire state. nuit; iwc viaibuju gu iui uiu uuiuiiig, wmcil is said to he wouderfully good and most ex hilarating iu its effects, When they have bathed they commonly stroll into one of the cai'bs of the dependency for breakfast. Aftor this they re-embark to reach what may by courtesy be culled the niuiulaud. Here there is a conversation-house, with theatre and ball room and a band, to help fill up tbo day. The native fisher folk dance in kalis of their own aod those visitors who think with the Skar that the wise man should never dance himself when he can got someone elso to dance for him attend tueir modesL assembly rooms. AU the company know one another, and each has a certificate of character in tho fact that no youth or maiden is allowed to danco in public until after confirmation. 