PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. ' Bv "Cr-Nsoii." Again tho ship of Slato sails in com paratively smootli water, ami tho captain live. Mr. Muuro failed to deatroy thu (Jo- vernmcnu Buln a merciful man, and kind to nil, and now it rcmainstor Jack (>'»rdmur to do tho pnlling down. But, if he fails, what then? Why, tho l'ubhu Library und National (i, tilery must auui-1, tho host itnl will ronntin, nml even the Mono wails of Mel- Bourne (Biol will continue to weather the winds nnd date thennger of nil Carlton. Thou .Mr Muuro had jui explanation to make, viz., that he meant all he said on Tuesday and a good deal more. Ho didn't hopo to carry Iiin amendment, and, in fact, would vou against it hunzcU. This caused a ninilif to run down thu Government bunch in whi'dt the cusliionn oven took part; But thu gloo wan dihpurnud By thu lender of the Oppofdiinu having nnothcr littlu go at tho Premier. Mr Munrn nummcd up his ehargu thus. The Bonus money never existed; therefore thu Treasure r could not havusaved Lt!JU,tK.'0, and the Tl caiUier had expended 1AW),0L0 without- authority, 'Hii-io is, however, one littlu point that the critics of the Government have over- Iwked. The bonutca were to bu ear marked, nnd not nvnil&B;!u until earned. Certain results had to Bo obtained, But the Premier admits that LIN.ODO has Been ex pended in- advance. What on? l'urhapj Dciikiu will niiswor. Thu Wnnt of Confidence motion never troubled thu Government much— rather Clwicil thorn than otherwise, as it was ound to give tho Leader of the Opposition another nasty fall. As predicted in Thk Hr.it.vLP, thn di-lxito was concluded last night, aud no attempt was mailo to take a division. Tho Oninxitioii wanted to avoid this, os Mr Mqiuu simply desired to peso una careful critic of lhoTrciiMircr'xtittancing,nnd tho Government Bid no particular feeling in thn mutter. Mr MTutyro endeavored to secure thn at tention of thu House, hut failed, Members did not want to Bo overwhelmed with figures so they noisily chatted about the Railway Bill, and u few related how well they had Been treated By Mcobre 'i'uekcr and Beat durinft ft. Lip over the route of thn proposed Fitaroy line. The Meinber for Maldon continued, however, to Blnxa away. lie had gathered a certain quatititv of information and felt Bound to work it off, If Member talked about sonicthingclacit was their Iosr; no hu tneuudcrud along through Big figure?, aud littlu figures, tlgureu of assorted size aud mixed portent, und the Government sat imp:ir,ive. When Mr Laurens caught tho Spcaker'a eye, the xceuo chnnged BJiilatiilmaa redgnud. Members went . out. They all pay Mr LuurctiH a cutoplimetit iu this way, as they know he Jikei lo get a quiet hearing; but there are h few who might profit hy tha words of wisdom that full from thu Itou. nicmbor for North Melbourne, Mr Oillios, ' ft Railway MiniHlcr, is always effusively politu lo thu great critic of his department's finances, nud hat night hu grabbed his hat nnd went out so as not to interrupt tho wordy dobator. Mr Lanronx r-Bould appicciuto this coiniiduratiou. But poasibly hu doesn't. .Mr Ijxuruus hiuat havu Been in a jtkudur mood, .for in critici&ing; tho Kstimutes hn wanted to know if rhu Gnverument expected that wealthy colonists intended to die off more rapidly t'jtn uviml just to oblige thu Government and increasu the prol>ate duty. 1'lin Trevuirer evidently unticipntm they will, m.d In has prepared lii« estimate of revenue fi run this source iiccordingly. MrLevion conlcmlcd the railway should Bu kept distinct from thu ordinary ueeounlo of thu colony. Ami . Sir Bryan O'Loghlcu wanted iiimuinfurmatiunaBautthnsu strntige nnd inbtngllilo ngriciilturnl Iroimsns. But there was no'cnlightenuieiit. Where is that IAH.'t.OlM, or thu 1.13,000, and thn L'iYO.OfKB Anuwer— In tlio Kew Asylum, Thin is the only solution of the 'difficulty. And if room- Bum worry too much thuy run thu risk of luvviiig the locntion .of thu litmus fund Brought unduly under. their attention. .Sir Bryan Believes he can trace (tor I ion of the L13,u00, an LfcOOO odd wax spent on the liutlur Ikjoiu. If so, the Government export Buttur trade wasnolaticliarosyspecnsMmis- ters endeavored to mako out. I'hcii tho other JJ5G00, what hecamu of that? Salaries ami ' new BroomiL" Kvrrti iIicko (iliocki, however, did ' not trouble the 1'rcmiur, und ho sat sphinx-like through it nil. Nothing hut dynamite or Mr Laurens can shift him, unless it is the dinner hull. No, Mr Gillies i 0110 um many for tkeni ; too much weight about iiiu). ('on it I« that the Opposition is not tirwl of \Yntit of Goiifidunuu tnotiouH ? Sir Brynn O'Loghlon has one up his sleeve, aud ho utatcit' ho will mibmit it a later stuyo. The Aracnildy in not u a afu dace fiir nnmo members. Mr Tuililll informed the Tiuuiio last night that it once nearly killed him, besides cor.ting him 1(H (id for a cnh. It nearly hillcd'Mr Bent oucu, but Inndifforunt way. The dvaughto fair) nearly killed Mr Woods; Bnt as the raid 'draughts liulonged to him hu could ray nothing. Kvcn now hnld- Bunded meiuBoia look up at tho ventilators where hoiiio of tiioir hair' 'I mill lienuing, .Tho most of - it has been rnked uui by tho tnos- anngcrAa.nl used to stuff cushions with. There are.new wind in thu chamber .now, hud niuinhur.i.kuup their imtHoii an much as pos.'.lhle, Yes ; Mr Tuthill is right, the As- Homhly Ih ft (Iftngurous place. 'Aspiring Mr Aniitvingo;tald thu Bailway Bill wan a political job. At li-n&t;, hu said that Hiimi of (hoGovcrninent supportora said it, ' On Ids own recpfmsiBHity, lie stated that thu Railway (.'mnmisBiimcrs liad wil fully mialud tho Houlu ; But Mr ;Gillica couldn't stand that. At Inst tho delicto waa exhatislcd,;' and givvo up tliu ghost. , Thu - umondtfieitt was thuu negatived without 11 'division, muT on Tmmdriy next nicnilmrH will ugftln , Bo :fcd with Railway J5ill und juinblen,,,,. ' ' 