THE CATHOLIC DEMOCRACY OF AMERICA. We take from the Register the follow ing extract from an able article on the above subject taken from the Edinburgh Review " The history of Catholicism in the United States during : the last two generations is mosteffectively expressed in. figures. In 1830 there were nearly half a million of Catholics in a popula tion of thirteen millions. By 1840 their numbers had doubled, while the population hgd increased only to seven teen millions, the proportion of Roman Catholics to the entire population having risen from to -jV. Before the next decade closed the Irish famine had occtttired, tvhich wasthe chief cause of the endrmou succession of- iwn millions of Roman Catholic inhabitant^ and the three million Americanadh'erehteofthe Chnrch in 1850 constituted one-eighth CP&ing; Jthpse^ ten years the immigration into the United States was composed annually of about 200,000 Irish and about 80,000 Germans; but in the next decade - a change took place, and accordingly ih 1854 we find that 220,000 Gcrniane ' landed' in America and only 101,000 Irish. The propor tion ot CatjbolicB among ' the Irish immigrants is about seven-eights; their proportion among the Gen- man's depends on the provinces from which in a given year .the immigrants come, and varies, from; one-fifth to one-half of the total number. The Catholic population never lost ground, and now, iu 1890, tbelowest estimate of its numbers is 9,000,000. the . highest- estimate 12,080,000, in , a total population of nearly 65,008,006. The -next census of the United States wdl determine alt conjectures, out mesDwmie u is saie 10 consider that... the Roman, Catholics number one-sixth of the inhabitants of the Republic. " This enormous growth of the Catholic population in America is not exclusively due to immigration. Other causes of the increase are the annexa tion of territories, such as Florida, Texas, and California, the -scattered inhabitants of which were for the most part Catholic conversions, and the ihiiltiplying of families. The last of these alone is numerically of importance. A considerable number of Protestants of influence have become Catholic, and no leSB than three archbishops and seven bishopB of the American hierarchy in the last fifty years were born in other creeds; moreover, in the days when the echo of the Oxford movement was borne across the Atlantic there occurred the strange case of an Anglican prelate, Bishop Ives, of No"rth Carolina, divest ing himself of his episcopal office and becoming a layman in the Church of Rcme. It is, however, certain that the defections of immigrants have been overwhelmingly more numerous than the conversions. For example, at the end of the decade in which we have seen that two millions of Irish people landed in America, the increase of Roman Catholics in the country amounted to about two millions. It must be remembered that during that period there was also a large immigra tion of German Catholics, and, more* over, a large family increase both among the immigrants and the Catholic popu lation already in the conntry. It is impossible to calculate the number of those who fell away from the Church in the period, but they probably amounted to at least a million. Admir able as the organisation of the Roman Catholic Church is, the sudden accession to the American nation after the famine in Ireland and the revolution in Ger many could not have been foreseen, and the Church in the United States doubt less lost man; of her children, not from any defect in her marvellous machinery, but from a lack of laborers needed at a time of high pressure. Yet the thirty missioners of 1790 have in 1890 as successors more than 8,000 priests, working under the direction of fourteen archbishops and seventy-three suff ragans, while, to the end that the new generation may be served by a national priesthood less dependent than hereto fore on alien aid, there are over 2,000 seminarists of the youth of America training for holy orders in the Church. " The chief result, then, of the influx and increase of Catholic population in the United States is that for the first time in the history of Christendom we find the Roman Catholic religion pro fessed by a great democracy, speaking the dominant language of the earth, inhabiting a continent of boundless resources, forming a powerful section of the foremost in prosperity among the nations. In past ages, no doubt* it is true that entire peoples adhered, to-the Catholic faith, but the most favorable example in history cannot be compared frith the free and enlightened democracy of America, and in vain in the present day 4o we look on the Continent of Europe for any such alliance between the Church and the people." The Jesuits in Gee many —The Jesuits were turned out of Germany eighteen years ago. That was an act of madness, and there was method in 'the madness, for the expulsion of the Jesuits was the forerunner of that series of persecutions of the Church known by the name of Kulturkampf. The frightful blunders committed in the course of that " war against Rome '\ have in a great measure been retrieved.:, by the virtual repeal of the May lawsy but the Jesuit law remains on the statute book, and there is no prospect of its being expunged. What, then, is the meaning of the .subjoined notice, which we cull from the Cologne VoUcs zeitung:—l'The German Emperor has Conferred upon Father Bollig, S.J., the insignia of the Crown Order. Father JBollig is a native of Cologne, and .was expelled from his country in pursuance af...toe law of July 4, .18/2, He now holds, in the library of the Vatican, the important office of-second Cus todian." Father Bollig and all the other German Jesuits, some members of the very highest nobility among them, have been outlawed all these years for being highly dangerous characters. Had they been left alone, the Socialists would not perhaps now bethe bugbear of the German Empire, for it is admitted on all hands that religious, orders in general, and the Jesuits in particular, are the most efficient antidote of Socialism. But where is the Bense of knighting an outlaw ? Could any one imagine O'Donovan Rossa being made a K.C M.G. ? The only inference to be drawn frem the promotion of a Jesuit to knighthood is this, that the German Emperor perceives the absurdity of the ostracism to which the Jesuits are still subjected, and means to have the Jesuit law repealed. Made nova virtute pure. Catholic Statistics.—The "Irish Catholic Directory for 1890," edited by the Very Rev. Canon Keogb, gives as the statistics of the Catholic Church in Ireland 32 Archbishops and Bishops, with two having no jurisdiction in the island; 1,013 parish priests, 189J administrators, curates, and secular priests not employed in parochial work ; 524 priests belonging to regular orders ; making about 3,374 prieBts, though there are believed to be about 3,450, some retired or unemployed not appear ing in the returns. The regular orders, once so important in numbers in Ireland, are now chiefly in the province of Dublin, which has 38 bouses of regulars and 277 regular priests, and in the province of Cashel, which has 26 houses with 167 regular priests. The orders are chiefly the Augustinians, Carmelites, Capuchins, Dominicans, Franciscans, Congregation of the Holy Ghost, Society of Jesus, Marists, Oblates, Passionists, Lazarists, Order of St. John of God. The Diocese of Dublin has 511 priests, Meath standing next with 184; then Armagh with 179; Cork, 167 ; Kildare, 1<>6. The United States baB now probably more Catholics of Irish birth and descent, in part or in whole, than Ireland itself. With its 14 Archbishops, 73 Biphops, 8,322 priests, it has the greatest body ot English-speaking Catholics in the world. There are in Africa 12 Prefects Apostolic, 12 bishops, and 12 arch- . bishops. In ibe north of the Dark Continent there are 497,000 Catholics; in the west, 1,026,000 ; and in the south and east, 39,000. The islands of the Indian Ocean have 266,000 Catholic inhabitants; those of the Atlantic Ocean 796,000, In all there may be 3,000,000 Catholics, large figures in themselves, but saddening when it is remembered that the total population of the Dark Continent is 200,000,000. Angels op Light and Mebcy,—Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson, who now appears to have settled finally in Samoa after his long wanderings among the, Islands of the Pacific, writes home—" I visited Molokai about a fortnight after the death of Father Damien. It is a fearful place to live in, and reminds one of a waking night mare. It Would be one altogether for a visitor to spend more than an hour there were it not for the Catholic Sisters, but.it is worth while going through the ordeal to see them moving about among the stricken lepers, like angels of light and mercy, as, indeed, they , are.'' Misery and heroism, so side by side, may well have fired even the imagin ation that gave :to the world the story of;Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. c*r\n ® Mr. Stead on the Propaganda.—t ".The Propaganda is nothing to look at outside," eays Mr. Stead,." and inside its chief characteristic is want of room. It: is a large building, but it is all too small for Its purposes. Everything is cramped for space. All is for work, nothing |s for show. But I never passed;that stuccoed building without a homage which I have never paid to the relics of the saints. For oat from that plain edifice have gone for nearly three hundred years the apostles who carry into every land the sacred dame oi Christian faith. Recently, early in the morning, seventeen students were conse crated in the Church, which stands in the centre of the building, who after their- departure might never meet again on earth. East and west, north and south, as far as the foot of man can tread, far forth those devoted legionaries of the Church go, bent upon the sub dning of all nations, and on the estab lishment of the universal kingdom of Our Lord and His Christ," Old Protestant prejudices are certainly dying fast when an English Dissenter can write in this way. The Spanish newspapers contain an account of the wreck of the steamer Remus, which sunk after striking upon a rock in the Philippine Group. A Franciscan, the Rsv. .F. Raymond, though invited to enter the first boat that left the ship, refused to quit the vessel till all were in safety. Before this could be done the ship went down, and the survivors saw the priest still on his knees on the deck, praying in the midst of the unfortunate victims of the shipwreck, as the waves closed over the steamer. The Protestant Bishop French has, on his journey home from India, visited Bagdad; and a private letter of his lordship, extracts of which have appeared in an Indian monthly, gives us some interesting notes on that town:—" The Roman Catholics are here in the ascendant, and have absorbed into themselves almost the whole of the Eastern Churches represented in Bagdad; all indeed except the small Armenian Church and its Mission. The Mahomedan population is scarcely touched by any of these Churches, nor even by us, except the few patients, not more than two per cent., who visit our dispensary." 