THE CONDEMNED ABORIGINAL I JACKBY. • i «0 THE EDITOB. a Sir—I have been looking iu'Lthediftianary for the definition of the word " Phantom/ 1 and i find Webster gives it aa '! an apparition, a ghost." Turning to-the word "ghost" I see it is defined as "thesoul of a person -deceased, a spirit appearing after death." This then leads one to specula teas to who the "Phantom" may be .whose brutal sentiments appear in your issue this morning. Surely it is Nero, Caligula, , or perhaps Charles XX. of France, still unable to free himself bom the influenoe of his crafty mother. If my conjectures be wrong it is still very evident that " Phantom" Is a kindred spirit of these onoe noted pfsrsons. I had hoped that the days were past v when ghosts of this kind walked the earth, but I suppose that while they can find their like in such writers as " Ami dea Njoirs" and others of bis class we must expect them toepme hither. " Birds of afeather flock toga thee. 11 It is of course useless to argue with a phantom whose doom is already sealed, but for the sake of his kindred spirits who -are still dwellers of this earth a word of warning may not be out of season- Some of- them are very fond of putting themselves In the position of the murdered man's relatives. But how is the death of Jackey to benefit these ? Will it restore their lost one to them again? No. Now let these writers put themselves in the position of Jackey's relatives. If a white, man had oommitted a crime, would any one dream of punishing all his relations I If it be advisable to hang Jackey in the pressnoe of his tribe, or to photograph the < execution and send copies to his friends, why hat not the tame thing been done whenever a white man has been hanged 7 What woald be the public feeling if suoh scenes of horror task place in our streets! But if it be justice then it should be done, and sentimentality put aside. I am aware that I shall be told 1 do not know anything about ths blacks, and am not oapable of judging In the matter. Bnt I have read the writers as Mr. Lindsay who have been studioui who dare not argue with only abuse as their weapons. But "Phan torn" has opened our eyes, and we now know whence such sentiments oome. I am, Sig^Ao., MMA fi. HOLDEN. January 21, 