A LHGEND OF "HAVNTED" GOVLLT. (By 'V'LIras S'svre.sT'cR '1'AeKeR,) AUNTED) Gully was haunted no longer.. The two original prospectors' ewho had nmed the place had been absorbed, ild almost forgotten in thebo concourse` of diggers, whose new log huts; claiins, and constantly agitated windhrlsses lic spoke the eviction of tho. ginus loci, which was popularly supposed to brood over the:buried gold' of 'this deepand densely-woodled ravine. Freonch Billy had explained the early existfng error attached to the locality, and I confess that the hitherto secluded spot wis rilled of its charmsa Is ihe did so. "'You seec," said he, with much excite nment, "those tc'o fellows work like niggers, two-tree-week, whenI they go to the township and drink cognac, plenty -too much-then comaue bacIlt: i the nighlt, fall down, roll down the gully, lose theoir swags-tlhen they say the plance is hated-ghosts take away their things. Srac) I they got dlrunk, that's all. ,Considering that Billy, oil his l irstt pilotage. of myself to the tiully, had pointedl out a swag reposing against a trlee, lfil. way ilowns oan of the sildes of theo great 'rift, whore it had isppnarently bee,' ssou ghl t to a sudden stop in its ldownward' career,. end reilecting' also thrit eo'discoveered tlhat' same afternoon a inoi tin billy, aa siiall big of flour, and ia pick-handle, at various points, rind tlhat when after "infinite pains wehad cnried these rbtiblos Land our own tools to the prospector's ulit,.half way up the other side of the ravinel, we Isad.l bee received with smuiles nIII unlimited'olf'ers of battle-axe, I came, to lie conclusion, that Billy was right. As to the pros pectors, they didn't care. They were on. good gold, and had probablly spread thliu report of ghostly tthieves to scare aVwayu intruders. But sticking so Coiitantly to the sale place wavs against them,.. They were wvatclhed aied the new runti hegan, Iheaded by oursealvoes. It was not long before our party of five lhad run up a subatantial log hut, and were living in clover, retiring to rest in our hunks at nighlt literally tired out, and-oh, delightful life-dreaming of unearthling the largest inuggeot over heard of. With the exception of niever knowing wlhat Jemniy, oun, nwsv clhan partner, wonld Im uip to next, our lines had indceed cthancedl upoin pleasant places, and when the puddinig IImachin - was 'finisheld we cojsideorl that we should be, able to ismake plenty of trilbute moniey, even if our own claimi turned. out to Ie ait dulltr. It was ino siiieiurn,O this lookiig aftert Jeminy. You couldn't tirnst hlimi. to work for ,more than toe,, iieiutos at 'ae. time without tlingsig dlowns hi shooel. a:nd rusliig ail' liken a mnae no waeli 'a prospect. The lhaid uriadlydset liiretotlei.u hut, iand hail dlemiiolisalul is valuisble 'lpossum rug ice his etirts tato put it 'iut again. 71 hail broil ale l; the' ho,'rii. lhandles oil' our kniveinndci forkt, isiel' lich got hushed nini.i tisisus, whee,', 'll' lhands had to turi, out witli.tottleu laii' terns to [dell hiil).' Otte Sundsiys wies gec ' iiially 'lirie, sometimes varie., by a bsig pr'ospeotiing' avilk with some experuensed disg-ui, swho't would redl gold-cimi" ii thi,, chl iiilot'et. like a book,. cndl.hIegailo the s ay with divers storicis of digging lif,, iandl.tlh. ovetinig gene'rally sew our pariy, suatedl in concliave, soisetisnis ,relading, souse times singiiig, int always aiady to rush' intothe tio.ll-absorhiung topic-gold-lind ing, at the slightest hlint from any one. It wes oil those occasions that our sanuctum would be invadled by dliggers, witlh speciinei'o- nuggets, crystolliseUl quartz, garnets, iand zirconsi. Once T rmioember seeCing two oIIiplsiioes tlhat hiidi ibeen picked out of the tailings from the 'e,'sdles, lbut we dlid niot thtn knows the ialue, or..even the idenitity of iiansy of tlhe stonen-all lIhands would gather' round, and miniutely exiamine thlns, and yarns ewould Ih spun of oll days-lOin dligo and Walhall i old days, until we fult refreshied and satilicled. At otlher times outi Sunidays would ie uuneventful unti'' SiIuiiirkraut" dropped in to en livee 'tlhnm. Of course, Sauerkriiut w'is not his real 114111e. No one ever owned up to is real ,naei on tho diggiungs-1 Dill the =Painter," " Jack the Dutchelor," or ' Swiinhlill .Jern," were good'enoughl for ues ".Wi alweay s ,nswored to thoin,. I_ "lairesay'some of us forgot occasinaldly both, chrisilian ishi sursaim,,' or onily, surmised, in rtiCoet of halilfelousltiu, svns,. drinonet thalnt we: hbld once owSeld such a tlitle, togethluei withl ni, silt ,hut anda pauir nf glove'd, ic. nI. slibtbsit u andi fu'-oll': existiiue', as it wore.: -ants 'asupuiani secas ,ithi wa.mie, given, byi his goedlfither.acd godilsotlher: to the inrli vidcul' in, question, but French Billy sad rechristenedl hlimi, under thelt in tliuenit, of Martll's brassly, nnd the cognomienn halll , adhered- like sticking plaster. - "With, all Ihis quaint, foreigin ways, Sauelrkrnut , wes eiolovedl ill I hauntedl Gully.' No onu couldl. look upos his frieindly, honesct Teotonic face, Iheaunig [pmsi sveryone,s without feeling a thrill of intarost in thle uiana, hlijiself. 1' I0 had only oiie fault, ho wvius is victiuls to deep sinkiisg- ot goldmoliluing tlsougls lie hliid expua'iencedla.plstothora'of that alne hut lie eV,,s give,, to ouddil, opasmusodie eutluiures of iard dsr4inkivg. "It tout uiiitter bo3's,' sIi'eiiig iw ll ay, when, roemonctrniitel weehl,iy hlil frhuide, whosihail pulluil hlim,, thloigli a lishirli alcoholic attisek, "It Ilout miatte,', [ hlof sioie left in di sorldt to carin for mie, and simin loetlofraiuloin die is tod, and the, grass grow groon above her grave iii. do Liebenwalde, I see mino fault a well as you, but it tont matter." Sauerkraut had worked his clain with varyilng success, always hIutting, or in other words, living alone. Good luck invariably ended in a carouse, and 'he would emerge from i bout' as oco "wlio' had come back from the dead.; Ie had, wlhen debarred from our society, two constant comipanions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from the former hie could evoke such sweet aniid solemni strains, that hli solittude was solitude no longer, and il iny a digger, passing his rude biut on the hillside after nightfall would pause And listen, And perclhance renmarking to himself, with bated breath, that " Sauerkraut was on the picolo gaini" stroll oni in meditatlive mood. 'The otlher friend wis aL roughl but symipatheti dlog, nminned Schneidelr. As we tiurned away one night iandl de scended the zigzag track down the gully thil strains of tihe resuscitated mail'si Ilute stole gently on our ears amin esetme,. the air, thlat sweet, pathetic, Americans: imelotly,- Way down ipn deai SwnuIiee riper,, Happy was I. seeming to incorporatoe itself with the rustling of the leaves and! the chirp of thie treecrickets andl to hlnrmnoiso with the twinkling stars and the perfunmed isummer evening until it idded a solcmni peacefulbbenediction upon thel unbridled andi reckless licenoso of an Australian dligging camip. Apprehenol ding no evil consequences we had left a bottle of threeo star Heiin nessy for hliiu to taper on, for Sauerlkraut was not ita constiant toper, anid once tlhoroughly recovered lihe would not touclh the fatal beverage for months to. getliher. . 'VWhen'. able to ishoulder pick iand sliovel hie lievnys worked tlhard agamin, maid wnilif oftemn.visit oui log lint on Sun ditys, lis eiya brilit and his skii clear. Jiven:Sclineider was ia dillierent dog oil thieRo occasions, alnd dictateil aid wrote out volimims of caniine aitlectioni on the door with his tail. The only aplprehllnll sio whlicih seoiiin to exist in Schlneider's meind-for there is no dotlubt ise pos sessed onei-wi s brought inlto play by the sight of a bottle. Tlhen hle slhrank uppareuntly into his shaggy skin, and be eai more like a door-minut than ai dog. A gleam of groeat pity crept into hlia eyes, and his tail lay motionless beside hlim. But Sauerkraut never touched us ldrain, after the first hlospitlable olffer we never sought to temipt hlilm. IHeo was very grateful to us, and by desire wouldl produce his flute Andl whilo away tIhe tiime delilghtfully. Promu titio to tiine as the imonthls iandl weeks rolled on lie would drop in casually, leaving soune tiiis. r presaen of wild hloney fresh: in the combm, it others, ia warlllabyora braceo of.will duck. About, threei monthsl . After thIe ocoam alton to whictI haIllso alluded Sauerkraut dimoppetarel; aull, it, iess conjectured. tilhat his iwanderiing hlblits hmilprevailed' uion hi iito Icavs thin caump iitl pid rospect iini somi i roillmsuti locality. Conjecture save. plice to certninty' After a visit to liis li t;ivhere it was tdiscoveredl' that he Iiild tskeuir his gun, pick, slhovel and seiigi si;- imag a notea tuckedilto the doori liis wIllknowni Geimiin clhrisneters i- liee I iisei tie is lilisiiet luifeCleu1·o aimudt' ttamiou-'i iiiui',ini i elr sii is to trubauo:lr. a fortghtii :. SThle ;only way to tithesoe inuges layr lbliroughi -limmost imipeunitrablle ti-tree ucrulb,;so tlick that a track h musti e cut' with billhook ortonmialihawkl, to gives one: evuneroomito crawl oil il-fonIs. tlmioughr it Inut asiwn Iksentwithras-eiller would: iot. have to strike oni to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journey front Hauntedl Gully, so we felt anxious no louger, and soon grew accustomed to tle babsonooe of our frioend. Onn evening, as ws were sitting in clhenory coifabula tion, hlowevcer, we were startltled biy the auddi i appearanceu of Schnider.l Nver-. before or since has tlhere hCei such a dog. IH wall footsore, half bllind, draggled, tCre, aind ileeding. Finding tlhat Sauerkruit dli noit turii upl with hlils, as we oexpected, we blecame alasrnmed, the miore so, is the poor snimal lappear eld strangely excited, occasionally giving ai low, mioaning whinell, indl thou i series of short, quictk barks. Wo fedl him, And lie devouredl the food raven ously. Then heli drriik oeagerly, but every now s snd then rushedlto the dcloor, and finally couiducted' himsolf in auch Anl outriiious fashliion that we concluldedl Ilthat somben acocident hnd: hippeiiedl to his mustier;p so getting. our bottle lnsterns w. let hlimi out, latii a's it was, aind, followed hiiii Froai our log cabiis. heo woint to his uinaster's lnode. Oncei there, with. misis. tian: ceiine, sag'icity,, hIe hlowledl udi rusheld. forwtarl: on thu tiio'k. leuading aiway from it.. Theni dashing' bauk.aid biarking, hii plaiily sihowed its that wsc wore to, follow. WVe merged fronm the gullies, pitfalls, andt wisterfallsa of the long dari k hlours as to a smaull plain. BIfore us, Ikissed by lthe sin, Illy the Clevltisd ItRanges aomie ten miles oll. At then aen ottheloplain, ti-Irem sirni:m tnse - like n solid wall; streotchlint nary. side ways iandsl. ahed; is fr as the eiye couldl'reach. The mislt Was rollintg awsy in plantoam colttumis-, snol we0 k,,ow tilat thie work before ias waes so. clhd's plusy.. Schneider went cintuiglit to thus. ti-tree. For the next six uticlssi str uingled' through a traak fi-shlyv Ctis thaiII scvuht, its notme places hesihig toi crawl for loug distances; but let longthu gettlihut thiroeghl, stih' oramped, hituisoil, such utterly xhesauited, we camite. to the. wlt'ernlilh of a. lovely creek, fmimugemhs withlitlowiering eicumnlypti, ibshhpio with gorgeous pateots. . Thini dog took us to snride hark gunyahi.. Imeide by. Sau'rkrsut dead-a shot wound.in hall. breast In the stiffened ingers of his left haniid was his pockeot-book open where these lines were pencilled:-"I have naocidont nit ny guli. I fall-she shoot ine. In the creek look. It is iruby tin -thIere isi thousands." Iar thie writ ing broke oil. Deaith had claimled his victim. And within tvowenty yards of the corpse, the glommomimig hlasghiug waters wantoned over lthe very richeat streami tin yet discovered under this Southern Cross. mWhat Sauerkramt Ilii found, snd perishedu in fiidilng, proved to be i mine of wealth to hundltod of diggers iiid specu!ators, andl oni the spot, where lie died, a granite colismn, surrounlded by ian ironrmilinl. lieais the incription : IFANS' 1TAUPTMANN, PnMElnsr PioslNIcm AND PoiNmire CIY.VRLAND TOWNSIIIP. it is nlo idless. toiasy that we took care; of Slhheidier,. but a settled moselan oholy pervatldedl his being, and hebecamtne i :chuimnuged slog inidi onn morning, on .goion out of the liht, I found hlim pulioless; cold,; and stil' i, thie early suai rays lon1ail libean faithful untomdeath. 