PAfD MOURNER'S It was the night that Bill Nye and James Whitcomb Reilly, gave their hu morous entertainment at the Opera House, the occasion beingtfae Press Club benefit, that saw the Press Club rooms fiitled, about 10.30, with the newspaper lads of the city aod their friends, and from that hour till i o'clock the follow ing morning wit, wisdom and horse play reigned supreme. Stories and recitations were the order of the night, aod each did his best to keep the ball rolling. Among those present, was the well known actor, Burr Mcintosh, who wasthen playing an engagement at the Academy and among other laughable etories he related the following : 'It happened,' said theactor,' that one of the male members In a well to do Irish' family, going at the upper end of New York City, found it necessary to give up the ghost, and the foneral that his sorrowing widow gave him, was a corker, she having faired every carriage that her finances wonld allow and per haps a few more. Now, it also happened, that this gorgeous funeral was the envy of all her neighbours aod especially of one livlng'close by, whose husband was ling ering between life and death. She even went so far as to hint, that if her hus band was ennsiderate nnnnftil to die. she would have a funeral that would kaock the spots off anything ever seen in the ward. A weeklater the unfortunate man breathed bis last and immediately she set to work, to arrange the funeral. She bad no difficulty in securing carriages, and then au original idea struck her. She would have a couple of mourners walk behind the hearse, dressed appropriately and mourn aloud, as the solemn procession moved to the cemetery. It was a more difficult task than she at first imagiaed, to secure two men, who were willing to walk that distance, but after promising a coaple of flannel-months five dollars apiece to do the job, she won her men over, and the result was that the funeral procession that left her house, was one long to be remembered and struck envy to the hearts of every family thereabouts. Af ter hiring the two professional mourners, to gnard againet any shirking on their part, she gave them to understand, that if either one of them once raised his head while en ronte, he would forfeit hia five dollars. The funeral started off in all its sol emn grandeur, aud everything was pro gressing lovely, some ten blncks having been covered, when one of the hired mourners suddenly gave a loui ' whiff' and anxiously remarked : 'Oi say Dinny.' ' Fwhat is it Fat !' ' Oi tiuk, Dinny, that some Dootcbmnn has cut a (hates in the neighborhood.' ' "Willi, Oishud think as much. Aithe soom mon has cut a chaise, or begorra, cnere uses a uwtu oawg iu raie nmu auuui fwhere.1 - \- -'' Av Oi ware not afraid av losin' me foive, be hiveus Oi wad lack aop an' see fwhat it is that is raisiu' sich an iuferaal shmelL' " Say, Dinny, excuse me fur beiu' in quisitive, bud have yez a holly toot in yer hid f Divil a wau have Oi Pat — say, 01 have an oldea. D'ye thiuk the coorpse beyant there doied av a coochagious dteatee %' Howly mother ! Oi hope not, for be gorra av he did, be the schraill is apreadiu' it all over the town an' we wun oe litis lureae i>u emeu i . "Say. Oi can't sthand this mooch long er,- an' it's gettiii' wurse all the tnime. Yon look np, an' av youlos; yer foive dollars, 01 wall devoide me own foive wid ye.' All roight, av ye say so, its a go, an' Oi'wnlt go wauoye ou the coorpse an ay way!— Good Gawd mon, we are aff the track) an have been follyin' a garbage wagon fur the lasht six blocks !' 