: . Tlie '^j^jr^^^ '- '' (By ' pEBEGBINUS.t?') XVIi.— The Wksletans at 'Ranwick. REV. GEORGE- -MARTIN. The Wesleyans. at Rand wick are iiot a numerous body, Tliey have a pleasantly situated school church just off Avoca street, and nearly opposite $t. Jude's (Church of England). Many years ago they held service in' the house of the late Mr. Hebblewhite during his residence in Band wick. After his death the services ? were in abeyance for some time. In 1884 the present church was built, reserving a valuable frontage to Avoca-street for future purposes. Randwick is not an independent parish or circuit, as the Wesleyans call it, being connected with Surry Hills, and forming part of the Bourke-street circuit. They have just built a new and commodious parsonage in Church-street, and are manifestly intend ing to work on their own lines. The Sunday school is under the charge of Mr. Everingham, with a small but efficient staff of teachers. The^ school, though not a large one, is in a nigh state of efficiency, and in the competitive examinations of the Sunday School Union, the Randwick school has carried off some some of the principal prizes. The church is under the charge of an ex-president of the conference, the Bev. George Martin, a minister of upwards of 30 years' standing, and who has spent the whole term of his ministerial life in the colony. Mr. Martin preached yesterday morning from the text : Acts vii. 59 — ' They stoned Stephen, calling upon. God, and saying, Lord Jesus receive my spirit' — and said : We are all familiar with that beautiful passage in the Te Deum which says, ' The noble army of martyrs praise Thee.' A noble army, indeed ; nay, the army of martyrs. A nobLer army of men the world never saw, and. their very names have be come to. us an inspiration to noble deeds. They resisted unto blood, and they passed joyously through the gates of death, that they might win the crown jewelled with virtues rarer and more beautiful than^the pearls of the sea. My friends, when we utter that sentence, what a gallant array of names seem to rise before us — names, too, that the world will never let die. We think of the Smith field, martyr in his shirt of flame, of Ridley, and Latimer, of that noble lady, Annie Aethew, and the hero band of England's great Confessors We think, too, of the Covenanters of Scotland, of the venerable Coligny, and the noble band of Huguenots in France. Imagination takes us back to the heroic ages of Christianity, and we think of Polycarp and Ireneus, and the glorious band of Christian martyrs who sealed their faith with their blood in the first ages of the Church. Among these were men and matrons, young wives and tender virgins, ?who by the mighty power of God were transformed into heroes and confessors. With gladness of heart they went to the sword, to the cross, to the lions j for the sake of that unseen Saviour whom they loved with a love which the waters could not drown nor the floods of human passion queiLch. Now, this morning we are led to con template the life and death of the man' whose name stands first on thei glorious head-roll of martyrdom, for; Stephen was the proto-martyr of-, the Christian faith — the first of those golden grains which were beaten out by* the flail of persecution, but gathered in the' gai'ner of God as the first fruits of a glorious harvest. First of all, then, let us look at the man and the position he occupied in the church. . There, were two things which seemed to give an air of commanding majesty to this ancient martyr. They were his genius and his.courage. It was no common blood that was spilt when, he fell, for he possessed those great qualities which make men leaders of their kind. Along with the inspiration of faith there was the inspiration of genius, for it flashed from his eye and fired his whole frame with an enthusiasm that could never be concealed. It has been said that brave men die but once j cowards a thousand times. Now, Stephen died but once. That death was: worthy of the great cause with which it was so gloriously identified. Stephen was one of the early converts of the Church, and it is by no means im probable that he was one of the most re markable of those numerous converts who were gathered into the Church during the great revival of Pentecost. Then, in the days of Stephen, as now, there existed many of the evils of class distinction, and even in the Church, despite the attempt to form a Christian communism, there was a good deal of the spirit of social caste. Now, Stephen did not belong to the highest social caste, for he was a Grecian. The highest social caste was the pure bred Jew 'who had been born in Palestine,' he was the Brahmin — that social aristocrat of the people. But, Stephen had been born abroad, out there in some of the provinces of the Empire. He was what is called an Hellenist, i.e., a Greek Jew, or a Jew who had been ;born in one or other of the Gentile nations. Let us understand that this was ..ja fact of very great significance, for the Christian Jews of Judea were the ' Brahmins of the new religion. They possessed a .good deal of the old spirit of Jewish ex clusiveness, and they looked down with something akin to superciliousness upon, tteeir brethren who Had been borfa. in Greek cities, and who in some degree seemed to inherit the spirit of Gieek liberalism. For a moment look at ~fchese two classes. At that time they divided between them 'the whole Christian Church, and they represented two distinct ideas. , Ifow, the first idea -was that, Christianity -was to be grafted on the old Jewish stock, but the second * idea -was infinitely broader. It was that the new religion was to be cosmopolitan, that it 'was no exotic, the native of ~no country, but the inheritance of all — of Gentiles as well as Jews. As we look,, back upon the Church in those days we are strongly conscious of the fact that our sympathies are on the side of euch great Hellenists as Stephen And Paul. It was not long before class jealousy arose, and the. Hellenists complained that their widows were neglected in the daily ministration. Outof tMsarose the Christian order of the diocpnate/aiid seven men were i appointed :td';-'^»b|^^||fl^sf-^ad'::1?6 fill ^ lihe subordinaW^fc$|e^ Among these menjSt^lien- a^^^hillip seem to have been distin^Mshed^y personal and moral qualifications ,b'£ no inean order, for both of them bet»|ae'^c^ve\and successful evangelists ; ind^eii^-ais soon as we read Stephen's name -^e_:read .,of .iis great spiritual exeeHence.L /He/ leaps up before us a full-born and full-armed giant, a spiritual athlete— a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost. ; As soon as Stephen appears among the stirring' scenes of the Church, a great revival broke out. This revival not only spread among the people, but it reached » the. temple and the priest hood, and a great company of the priests became obedient to the. faith. In this re vival Stephen seems ...to, have had a spirit wonderfully akin 'to that of Paul. He was so full of faith and , zeal that he made enemies on every hand. (,He provoked the most vehement opposition; he created around him a tumultuous; sea of passion; and he succeed ed;in evoking an hostility which stopped at %o crime, and could be appeased only bjjr his blood. You see, my friends, Christianity 'is not that tame and colorless 'thing which some people imagine', it to be. , It is a thing that, when exemplified in men like Stepheri/is full of life' and fire. It then becomes ;ft:^reat spiritual energy, it assails the strongholds of evil, it pro vokes opposition,1^ rouses 'the Jiatred of bitter foes, and it ksends forth champions to conquer or die in. the great battlefields of truth. ? '- -':'*; ' ?-_. ?'':ti,1-;- ? But let us look at this great historic pic ture of Stephen before thfe Council. You know the scenes of our Christian history have been the inspiration both of ancient and modern art. From . Raphael and Correggio to Holman? Hunt, and Munkresy, they have \ furnished subjects for the highest walks of pictorial art. But, apart from those scenes 'connected with the personal history of our Lord, we have no scene that surpasses in poetry and beauty, in the play of passion, and in the broadening contrasts of Jife, this great historic picture of Stephen before the Council. This Council of the Sanhedrim consisted of 71 members. The president of the council had the title of prince, and was generally the high priest. It com prised the most influential men in Judea, and they were priests, scribes, doctors of the law, and elders. Now, let us imagine Stephen standing before this great Council. Look in the judgment hall, and see how he stands quiet, calm, ?' and fearless, with all the conviction of the great truths he defended full upon him. On one side were ranged his accusers — libertines (or Jews who had been freed from slavery at Rome.) Cyrtenians, Alexandrians, and others. On the other side were the lower ing countenances of the false witnesses who were suborned to swear away his life. These false witnesses speak; their lies, and finish. Now, listen. There is a hush in the whole assembly, and then every eye is turned upon the ; accused. Ah, what a scene that was j for, looking steadfastly on. him, they saw his face as it had been the face of an angel, ' You see the contrast.. You know how hate,' and malice, an-l revenge darken human faces with the passions of evil. In moments of great trial and sudden emergency the countenance is often an index of character, and while the faces right and left .were darkened- with the scowls and passions -of hell, Stephen's face was flushed with, supernal beauty, and it shone before the Council radiant as the face of an angel. But^ wh.at. was tha^ radiant face? You. know /the plainest faces are sometimes made beautiful by the expression of spmtual' qualities.' Thank God for the radianjfe faces there are '. in the world! You have' 't»ften seen a quiet restful glory upori'-%he human countenance. You cannot assunie it. It won't shine at your bidding. It / is .ilde 'mirror of the heart, not a mere/: veneer ou the surface. There are many pl&cid; faces in the world amiable with negative rather than posi tive qualities, but in some faces you see the glow of sensitive happiness. . They are not perhaps beauteous in feature, or chiselled with the faultless lines of Greek art, but they are tremulous with light, radiant with spiritual expressions. . But, my friends,. Stephen's fall has told them all this. It was the ''human expres sion of a divine glory. It was the irradia tion of the confessor's face' 3-y the power of the Holy Ghost, filling with light and joy the martyr's heart in this the hour of his greatest need: After, that death had no terror. It was the' first great historic trial of Christianity, t and . this was God's answer to its judges. What that angel face was 'we cannot tell, but surely it /was some hovering splendor, some ' halo of brightness, — some auroral glory thrown like a lumi nous veil around .him, and it seemed to testify to the .fact that faith in the unseen Christ could chase away the dark shadows of a darkening world, and trans figure these human lives of ours into things of divinest beauty. Then, think of the moral qualities of which that angel face was indicative. There was peace — God'speace—fillingthegoulbf His confessor with perfect calmness] and with a serenity as tranquil as. that which -reigns in the depths of the deepest sea. Stephen was calm, radiant,; unMoved, while the passions of men were fefuriiing at i fever heat around him. Ah,_ jnyofriends, ttiat was a great triumph. -- Then that face was indicative of pity, 6% Wnlgiiity, and of divine com passion., ,*fcIi'^as npt^nly angelic, it was Ghristlike. .3&en; surely it was indicative of mor^4feairl§ssnef BJ. -StotfeB, aad wounds, and death ii^^aiotprrqrk for the inan who faatl 'caught $be radiaHee*of ^meeeri -. worlds of glory. * - stJT-as? * ? ' i&H; Following thisiteanie, fihe martyca de fengeJ^sa^JR^tii^ djSftnjse the accused became' ihe accuser $ ^so iliitt -the^members of that great council, jerere , cut.' to the heart, or, as it *tahdjB, literally were sawn asunder. ^.A$* $af§se ^charges they were filled with -a-age,5 and gnashed upon him with their ^ teeth;- But what effect had this on^Stejfheh;? Simply this, that he looked steaciiastl y'^mio heaven and sw the glory of God fend Jesus standing at the right haild 4t ®p& Tes, fee paw the glory of God^1aindie^aw,aB Paul sub sequently saw, the glorified form of the enthroned Christ., But w^hen. we were told that Stephen eaw^the ^heavens, opened, the veil of the invisible drawn- iiSidej, and that in those opened- .foB&vjms; life saw, the Son, of jtfun ^tau'ding at the right hand ?of God, we |ask what is meaflt^ by this? v Is it poetry or is it faet? But first, ask what is light? 'What-; is vision? Now, the scientific. theory of : vision is that the eye is a camera obsctucsi,,; and that the rays of light entering thlsj dark chamber are refracted in part inwards; by the crystalline leas and the transparent; humors of the eye. So that an image of external object's is cast upon the retina,; and the optic nerve by its vibra tion conveys the sensation to the brain. Professor Stokes in his ' Burnett lectures says of the eye, taken in con nection with the external agent that affects it, that the evidence \ of design is almost irresistible. But behind that vibratory nerve there is something which no science can ex plain. There is a mysterious something which brings that trembling nerve in contact with the living spirit within j and, my friends, He who made all this curious and wonderful mechanism to convey an image to the mind, could surely, if He willed, dispense with intermediate means .to convey through the eye to the soul an image of His own glorified form. We pre tend not to explain all that Stephen saw. That steadfast upturned gaze seemed to '. pierce the heavens, and he saw .the glory of God shining fully upon his soul.' It was the most rapturing moment of his life. Already he seemed to be treading the golden streets of the city of God. He saw Jesus, the Son of Man, standing at the right hand of God — standing as though he had arisen from His throne to help and succor his faithful wit ness. Ah ! my friends, that vision was not a beautiful illusion. It was not a mere phantasy of the brain. You know philosophers tell us that of all our senses the sense of vision is the one which can most easily be- deceived. The eye is being constantly deceived, in carriage, when at rest and in motion. But that vision in the broad daylight was no illusion ; of the senses. It was a glorious^ reality, and Stephen became the martyr, not of an opinion, but of &? fact. That we see is the triumphant spirit, the sweet calm restf ulness of a human soul, in the conscious possession of Divine truth. It was faith triumphing over sense, and if the bed was hard and rough and stony, the sleep was divinely calm, and the sleeper unutterably blessed. Victor Hugo, the great French poet, in his last days, said, ?? When I go down to the grave I can say, like so many others, I have finished my day's work, but . cannot say I have finished my life. My day's work will begin again next morning. ? The tomb is not a blind alley- — it is a thoroughfare. It closes on the twi light to open with the dawn. And, my friends, when Stephen fell asleep he awoke amid fairer scenes. You know our modern doctrine of energy says that the energies which exist in the natural world cannot be destroyed — they may be transmuted — pass from one form to another ; but they can not be destroyed j and, my friends, what mighty energies were those which throbbed in Stephen's breast — love, joy, courage, devotion — and all bubbling over with en thusiasm ; and those energies are not dead — they live to-day. It was a giant who fell asleep, and depend upon it it Was a giant who awoke — and may I triumpn so. 