ROMANISM : ITS ASSUMPTIONS, ABOMINATIONS, AND DOOM. By Rev. T. J. M Alton, LL.B. (Seventh Article,') The vast exient to which the process of " sanction " and " adoption " has been carried, even in ceremonial, and other matters, ex traneous to the modes and objects of worship, is, by most persons, entirely unsuspected. No. Bsying of ecclesiastical history is more sug gestive than that in which Hohbes declares that "the Pope is the ghost of the defunct "Prkmcin IT.mnira oifitncv rwnmnaA nviran fViA grave thereof." This, as Dean Alford ob serves, "is the true original basis of his dignity and power, and it appears even in the minutest details." Thus, for example, if the Pope were to be regarded only as tho successor of St. Peter, his chief original seat would, of course, he in the Basilica of St. Peter, over the Apostle's grave. But this is not tho case. St. Peter's Ohurch, in regard to the Pope, is merely a chapel of gigantic proportions attached to the late residence which the Pope opened under the Vatican Hill. His proper see and cathedral is the Basilica of St. John, " in the Lateran " — that is, in the Lateran Palace, which was the real and only bequest of the . Emperor Constantine to the Roman Bishop. It had been the palace of the Lateran family. From thence it passed to the Imperial dynasty. In it the Empress Fausta, wife of , Constantine, usually lived. In it, after Con- stantine's departure to Constantinople, the Roman Bishop dwelt as a great Roman noble. In it accordingly is the true pontifical throne, on which are written the words, Hcec est papalis sedes et pontiftcalis. Over the front is . inscribed the decree, Papal and Imperial, de claring it to be the mother and mistress of all churches. In it the Pope takes possession of the See of Rome, and of the government of the Pontifical States. And similarly, the splendour and the attri butes which custom has assigned to the Pope, hi longed originally to the Emperor, and were gradually transferred from the head of the State to the head of the Papacy. Thus the chair of state, the sella gestatoria, in whioh the rope is trorne aloft, is ihe ancient palan quin of the Roman nobles, and, of course, of the Roman princes. The red slippers which he wears are the red shoes, campagines, of the R'.man Emperor. The kiss which "the faithful " imprint on thoss shoes, is the des cendant of the kiss first imprinted on the foot of the Emperor Caligula. The fans which go behind him are the punkahs of the Eastern Emperors, borrowed from the court of Persia. So too, the name by which his highest ecclesiastical character is indicated is derived from the Roman Emperor. The Latinized version of the Jewish High Priest was " SnmmuB Sacerdos." But the Pope is "Pontifex Maximus," and the Pontifex Maxi- . muB was a well-known and recognised per- sonage in the eyes of the Roman population, long before they had ever heard of the race of Aaron or of Oaiaphas. He was the high Pagan dignitary who lived in a public resi dence at the north-east corner of the Palatine, the chief of tho college of Pontiffs, or Bridge- makers. It was his duty to conduct all public sacrifices, to scourge to death any who insul ted the Vestal Virgins, to preside at the assemblies and games, to be present at the religious ceremony of any solemn marriage, and to arrange tho calendar. His office was combined with many great secular posts, and > thus was at last held by the most illustrious of the sons of Rome. Let it be remembered what were the principal characteristics of the transition period. Within thirty years after the estab lishment of Ohristianity by Constantine, fUguuiBui wtto lujLiy rcjuiurou uuiian, luo Apostate," who, besides abrogating all laws designed for its re.reseion, prohibited all attempts to propagate Christianity. His im mediate succesBors Jovian, Valentinian, and Valens, though nominally Christian, were yet wholly indifferent and neutral between the two religions, granting equal indulgence and toleration to both. But Gratian, who came next, though a sincere believer, did not ven ture to annul what Julian had restored. He, however, was the first who refused to accept the Pagan title and assume the habit of " Pontifex Maximus." He would not so far seem to lend a sanction to the old religion. How highly the Pagan priesthood resented this affront was shown in the romark, " Since the Emperor refnses to be our pontifex, we will take care that the pontifex shall soon be maximus ; " a threat speedily made good by the murder of Gratian, and the investiture of Maximus. Could that priesthood only have foreseen what would follow, it might have soothed their wounded pride. Little could : they imagine that the conscientiousness of tne emperor wonia oe succeeoea by tbe com pliance of the Pope, and that their proud designation, "Supreme Pontiff," would be come the distinctive boast of the Bishop of Rome! Wherever we tnrn we are met by similar incongruities, contrasts, and transitions. Ter- tulliau, denonncing incense, as the distinctive rite of paganism, and declaring that " idolatry might sooner he carried on without idol than without incense ; " and then, Ambrose and Obrysostom showing us the " adoption " and . sanction," both in East and West, of the ; . ".perfumers," the incense, and the thuribulum . . itself. Vigilantius, before the end of the . fourth century, denouncing the '1 multifarious paganism introduced into our churches, under the pretext of nligion ; when heaps of wax : candles are lighted up in clear sunshine, and people everywhere kissing and adoring, I know not what, contemptible dust, preserved in. a little vessel, and wrapped up in preoions linen." And Jerome, in attempting an answer, hot denying the fact of such practices, nor yet denying that they had been adopted from Paganism, but defending them on the ground that '"That was once dono_ to idols, and was then to be detested ; but this is done to the martyrs, and is therefore to he received." On the one hand, the laws of Theodosius, uni versally prohibiting, under severe penalties, to " light candles, burn incense, or hand up garlands to senseless images ; " and on tbe other, the universal practice of the modern Ohurch of Rome I Reviewing this policy of compliance and compromise, can we wonder at tbe conclusion of Bishop Stillingfleet? — " Christianity became at last, by that means, to he nothing else but reformed Paganism, as to its divine worship." 