A NIGHT WITH THE SPIKITS, OR A CHAT WITH PROFESSOR BALDWIN, Vi. - *' „".; f (T3y Cerviculus.J I have been a believer in spirits from ah early age, and many's the prank they have played me. I have sat up in my bed, and seen blue devils by the billion, and have had a green man withered eyes and flames coming out of his mouth gibberiiig iit ine from a corner for a week at a time, until I felt he was there without looking at him, and had his fiery eyes piercing me like hot pokers when I turned my back on him. Oil yes, I believe in spirits, and I allowed Professor Baldwin to understand so before I had been with him five minutes by incidentally observing "Mine's whiskey." ' "Ah, I think 1 can accommodate you," said the professor, toying with a diamond and sapphire ring presented to him by the Czar of Russia. He clapped his hands, and a ravishing houri appeared from an adjoining room. " Del," he said, " bring the ewer out of the bedroom." " Del," who looked delightful, pirouetted out of the room, blowing me a kiss from the tips of her toes as she departed. "Miss Russell," called the professor, and a ru.s£î-ing noise was heard as another fair maiden entered. " This is my wife " lie said, " but T call her Miss Russell iu the bills, in order not to be responsible for her debts." " Did you call lovey- dovey," she said. " 1 did, duckey-puckey," he replied, " fetch a tumbler." Miss Russell floated through the door, without opening it, in the most clairvoyant ând spirituelle manner, and immediately afterwards the door opened and a tail man with an Ethiopean face turned a double somersault into the room. " What's tlîe meaning of this buffoonery," said the Professor sternly. "Miss R. said you wanted a tumbler,, so I guessed you wanted me," said the long'un. " A tumbler, pshaw, I wanted a glass." "Right you are, boss," said the Ethiopian, and disappeared through the opposite door, reappearing a moment afterwards with a looking-glass. "Now look here Jimmy," said the Professor sternly, "this is not ail act you're doing now "J it ain't'show business, but I'm entertaiuiug this gentleman-who represents that splendid paper the BULLETIN, and who wants a private seance.or a night with the spirits ; so we don't want you or Miss Delroy or Miss Russell to do anything more than you're told. Do you mind me now, Mr. Jimmy Bell ?" Jimmy looked confused, and peeped through the top of his hat, which had no top to it, and felt in his left hand trouser's pocket which had no bottom to it. In the meantime Miss Delroy had come skating in on the tips of her toes, bearing an ewer. " Is that ewer out of your room ?" asked Jimmy inquisitively, but jocularly. " Jimmy Bell, am I the boss of this show or are you— have I got a monopoly of the patter or have you ?" said the Professor with the utmost severity. "I guess you do all the talking boss," said Jimmy humbly, " but I don't want to see one of them attacks of hœmorrhage of the throat come on you're always talking about, so I thought I'd chip in and give you a rest." " You're too kind," sajd the Professor sarcastically, " but I think you said whiskey," politely,"to me. " I did," I remarked in dry and husky tones. " Give me the glass and the ewer," he said. "But where's the whiskey ? " I anxiously enquired. " Don't be in a hurry," replied Baldwin, and poured out isome water into the glass, which he handed to me. "What's that?" he sail. I tasted it -, it certainly had no flavour. " I don't know," I cautiously replied, " but I thtnk it's water." "Ah, evidently forgot 'the flavour," said the Professor, and he poured it back into the jug. He then re-filled the glass from the same source. " Perhaps that ivill suit you," he-said, in a quietly triumphant tone. Once more I tasted: it was certainly the very best whiskey. I felt I was in the presence of a master, one who could raise spirits from the vasty depths of a bed-room jug. " I am your slave," I said humbly, "order what you please, and I will drink it." " I thought so," said Baldwin, " now, what do you want next ? " " I should like to see the ghost of my niotlier-in-law," I replied. " Oh, certainly, nothing easier ; when did she die ? " " Well, the fact is, she isn't dead yet, as far as I know, but I M'as just giving expression, in a remote way, to a wish that she was a disembodied spirit." "I can't have any jesting with such grave subjects," said the Professor. " Think of something you want to know, keep your thoughts to yourself, and Miss Russell, whom I will mesmerise, will reply to your queries." I immediately started thinking, and Miss Russell was brought iu, covered in a sheet, but evidently under the mesmeric influence. The Professor started to throw a lot of nothing at her, in order to get her completely under his influence. " What do you see ? " he asked. "I see, ves, I see a man with a red nose, drinking wliiskey ! " "There must be a hole in the sheet," said the Professor hastily, throwing a table cloth over the clairvoyant's head. " Now what do you see ? " "Nothing" said the clairvoyant sepulchrally. Turning to me he adjured me to keep on thinking. I thought he said "drinking," so I finished my whiskey and held out the tumbler, which the professor , politely re-filled, this time giving me brandy, which was rather against my conscience, as Î don't believe in mixing. However, I said nothing, but drank. Seeing that my thoughts were commencing to wander, the Professor asked me to write a question on my cuff, iu any language I chose. I wrote, in Tamil, " Who will be the first Premier of Western Australia?" „ Scarcely had I finished writing ere the reply came from under the sheet. " I see a wood, no, I see a forest, one tree is more sound and upright than all the rest." " Was your question anything to do with a wood or a forest ? said the Professor. " It did not refer to a forest I said., but to John Forrest, I see what she means, John Forrest wj.ll be the first Premier. Let's drink his jolly good healfc^ I held out my glass, and this time he poured fromlSfe^wer a glass of port. I said nothing but drank-. It was very old and crusted, in fact it left a crust on the side of the glass, and I believe it has left a permanent crust in my internal economy. ':;• •.'' I wrote down another question in Sanskrit: "Have I ever been vaccinated, if so how much ?" The Clairvoyant said " I see lumps, yes, I see bumps, I hear a little boy cry ' Oh ! ' I see that little boy grow into a man. He is vaccinated again. It breaks out on his nose." " And yet they say it's whiskey" I interpolated. "Thank you madam for thus vindicating my character for sobriety. Yes, thank you, I will take another drink," to Professor Baldwin, who poured Curaçoa from the jug, which he assured me was a temperance drink, a fact he had obtained from the people of Northam. I drank the tumblerful of delectable drink, and felt strangely exhilirated, a feeling which was followed by deep di-owsiness. I fell into a slumber, and only woke to find myself at the BULLETIN office, with the Editor searching my pockets for copy, and trying to read the hieroglyphics on my shirt cuff. He declined te believe that I had been mesmerised, and when I said that I thought I'd been hocussed, he suggested it would be better for all concerned if 1 gave up drinking. 