THE NOVELIST. ' ' B B T t e j c r " CHAPTER XVI. (contimied.) ; [By H. Rider Haggard.] ''Daddy," said the c1»ldv'' I-.Iiaveii-fc said - my sprayers.; Mother, did . not come, and Anne said it was all nonsense about prayers. Auntie did always "hear me my prayers." " Yes. deai\ and so will J. There, ' kneel upbii 'my Jap and say them." In tli e middle of the prayers-—which Effie did iiot remember as well as sh e: might have done—the parlourmaid arrived' again. ".-•••. " Please, sir, her ladyship—" " Tell her ladyship I am coming, and that if she is 111 a hurry she can go to dinner! Go on, love." Then he kissed her and put her to bed again. " Daddy,'' Effie said, as he was o-oing, "shall I see auntie Beatrice any more ?" " I hope so, dear." " And shall you see her any more ? You want to see her, don't you, daddy? She did love you very much!" Geoffrey could bear it no longer. The truth" is always sharper when it comes from the mouth of babes and sucldiugs. With a hurried goodnight he fled. In the little drawing-room he found Lady Honoria, very well dressed, and also'ber friend, whose name was Mr. Dunstan. Geoffrey knew him at once for an exceedingly wealthy man of small birth, and less breeding, bat a burning aud a shining light in the Garsington set. Mr. Dunstan was anxious to raise himself in society, and he thought that notwithstanding her poverty, Lady Honoria might he useful to him in this respect. Heuce his presence there to-night. " How do you do, Geoffrey ?" said his wife, advancing to meet him with a kiss of peace. "You look very well. But what an immense time: you have been dressing. Poor Mr.i Dunstan is starving. Let me see. You know Mr. Dunstan, I think. Dinner, Mary." Geoffrey apologised for being late, and shook hands politely with Mi-. Dunstan—Saint- Dunstan he was generally called on account of his rather clerical appearance, and in sarcastic allusion to his somewhat shady reputation. Then they went in to dinner. " Sorry there is no lady for you, Geoffrey; but you must have had plenty of ladies' society lately. By tlie way, how is Miss—Miss Granger P Would you believe it, Mr. Dunstan ? that shocking husband of mine has been passing the last month in the company of one of the loveliest girls I ever saw, who knows Latin and law, and everything else under the sun. She began by saving his life— they were upset togethw out of a canoe, you know. Isn't it romantic?" Saint Dunstan made some appropriate—oi", rather inappropriate—remark to the effect that he hoped Mr. Bingham had made the most of such unrivalled opportunities, adding, with a deep sigh, that no lovely young might live for liur, <W., Sc. : ' Here Geoffrey broke in without much ceremony. To him it seemed a desecration to listen while this person was making his feeble jokes abont Beatrice. " Well, dear," he said, addressing his wife, " and what have you been doing with youself all this time P" " Mourning for you, Geoffrey, and enjoying myself exceedingly in the intervals. We have had a delightful time, have we not, Mr. Dunstan ? Mr. Dunstan has also been staying at the Hall, you know." " How could it be otherwise when you were there, Lady Honoria ?" an- swered the saint iu that strain of compliment affected by such men, and which, to tell the truth. jarred on its object, who was after all a lady. "You know, Geoffrey," she went; on, " the Garsmgtons have re-fiirmshed the large hall and their drawing-room. It cost eighteen hundred pounds, but the result as lovely. The drawing-room is done in hand-painted,; white satin, walls and all, and the hall m old oak." "Indeed," he answered, reflecting the while that Lord Garsingtoivmight as well have paid some of his debts before he spent eighteen bundled; pounds 011 his drawing-room furniture. Then the Saint aud Lady Honoria drifted into a long and animatedlconversation about their fellow guests, which Geoffrey scarcely tried to follow^ Indeed the dinner was a dull one for hnn, and he added little or nothing to the stock of talk. ; :' • •>}.;: \- When his wife left the room,,how>: ever, lie had to say something: so tliey spoke of shooting. The Saint had a;Tedeeming 'feature—he was : something-, of .a ;spo"tsman,:£hongh:M£j: poor one, and he descubedto Geof-:, fiey a new pan of hanimerless gun's? which. he had bought ,foi a ti .Sling-; suin qf^jOin^dje^Ti&lpj; (y-ginSie-vji *3^commeii(iii^-- : -tke.-:pattern to - hiis, notice "Yes," anweied Geoffrey "3s see, they aie beyond me A poor; man cannot afibid so much ioi a pair of guns " ;ss " Oh, if that is all," answ ered his -guest, "I "will sell -yon. these, tliey -are a little long m the stock foi and you can pay me t\ lien yeu like;; Oi, hang it all, I have plenty of guns;; I'll "be geneious and give them to? you If L cannot afford to be gene ou , I don't know who can 1 Thank } on-veiy much, Mr Dunstan ' answeied Geoffrey coldlj, c but lam not in the h bit of accepting; sucli pie,e ts jxopi my—acquaint ance VJW 11* y ou have a gla ' oi shetcy ?—do r Then hall t\e -join Lad} JJonorja ?' ^This peech quite ci" Tied zt*he Tulgar bu not 11 me 11 ng S mtr and 1 Geoffrey v.as -sony foi jit aanoment aftei he had made it ihrt^he^wasi. weaty and out of tcmpei ^ WhydKL, hi ^ wife brino- lpeople«to ftlie lion* e V Yeiy hoEtlyafteiwa§f|]i en ' igiiesfc "took—h r, 1 cnr if I] nu, mil 4 ! JBrngliajn M -was a^ conceited 1 -^? "fand » 'Itogeikei '-too tmuchjox -hxm t&nd-; is what he married her for She's a mncli better sort than lie is, anywnyy though - I -v don't quite malco her out either—one can't go - very': far rwith: her. But she is the daughter of a peer and .worth cultivating-,--but- not when Bingham is at home—not if 1 krioAvlt.",';;^^ " What have you said to Mi Dunstnn to make him go away so soon, Geoffrey?" asked his wife.. .- -. " Said to him ? Oh, I don t know. He offered, to give-mera pair of . guns/ and I told him that I did not accept presents • L from ;.my acquaintances Really,. Honoria, I don't, want to in terfere with your way of life, but do not understand'hew you canassociate with sncli pepple;-as> tliis"rMr Dunstan." "Associate witli him !" answered Lady Honoria. " Do you suppose want to associate with him ? Do you suppose that I don't know what the man is ? But beggars cannot be choosers; lie may be a cad, butihehas thirty thousand a year, and we simply cannot afford to throw away an ac quaintance with thirty thousand year. It is too bad of you, Geoffrey,' she wont ou with rising iemper: " when you know all that I must, put up with in bur miserable pove»tystricken life, to take every oppor i,unity of making yoarself disagree able to tlie people 1 liink it wise-to ask to come to see us. Here I, re .turning fi om comfort tuitliislwiietphe'd place, and tho first thing that you do is to make a fuss. Mr. Dunstan has got *boxes at several of the best theatres, and he offered to let me have one of them whenever 1 liked aud now of course there is an end of it. It is too bad, I say." " It is really curious, Honoria, said her husband, " to see what obli- gations you are ready to put yourself under in search of pleasure. It is not dignified of you to accept boxes at theatres from this gentleman." " Nonsense. There is no obligation about it. If he gave as a box, course he would make a point of looknic* in during the evening, and then telling his friends that it was Lady Honoria Bingham he was speaking to —that is the exchange. I want to go to the theatre; he wants to get into good society—there yon. have ;the. thing in a nutshell. It is done everyday. The fact of the matter is, Geoffrey," she went on, looking very m uch as though she were about to burstin 10 a flood of angry tears, '•' as I said just now—beggars cannot be choosers —I cannot live like the'wife of banker's clerk. I must liave some amusement, and some comfort, -before I become an old woman. If you don't like it, why did you entrap me into this wretched marriage, before I was old enough to kuow -better, or why do you. not make enough money to keep me in a way suitable to my posi tiou ?" ' : .. " We have argued that question before, Honoria," said Geoffrey, keeping his temper with- difficulty, " and now there is another thing I wish to say to you-. Do you know that detestable woman, Anne, stopped for more than half an. hour at Paddington Station this evening, flirting with a •ticket collector, instead of bringing Effie home at once,-as I told her to do, I am very angry about it. She is not to be relied on ; we shall have :some have done. Cannot you discharge her and get another nurse'?" " Ifo, I cannot. She is the one comfort I have, Where am I goiu .to find another woman who can make dresses like Anne—she saves 111c hundred a-year—I don't care if she flirted with fifty ticket collectors suppose you got this story from Kffie; the child ought to be whipped for tale bearing, and I daresay it is not true." "Dffie will certainly -hot whipped," answered "Geoffrey sternly, "I warn you that it will go very badly with anybody who lays a finger, 011 hen" " Oh, very well, ruin the child. Go your Jiva way, Geoffrey. At any rate I am not going to stop here to listen to any more abuse. Goodnight," and she went. : ':-•;. '-'.V-T' •., Geoffrey sat down aud lit .1 cigarette "A pleasant hom e-coming,"he thought to himself. "Honoz-ia shall have money as much as she can spend —if 1 kill myself to g'et . it, she shall liave it. . What a life, what a life! wonder if Beafa-ice -would - treat 1 e husband like this—if slie had one." -He laughed.;aloud at the.absurdity of the idea, and then, with.a gesture of impatience, threw his cigarette into the '-fire and went to his room to try and get some sleep,. for he .was thoroughly wearied. CHAPTER XYTI . GEOFFliEy WJSS HIS C-ASU Before ten o'clock on the following morning, having already spent, two hours over hiS'brief, that he .had:-now thoroughly iliastered, Gobffi-ey was. at 1ns chambeis, vhich he had some difficulty ,iii reaching- owing: to ..the, thick.fog-fhat s.till huiig over London^ and indeed'a!) Briglahd ^ To his surpnse nothing had "been heard either of .the" Attorney-General^ 01 ol Mi Omdli ton llii sjIkhoiweie^ in. desjjai:: ^^Jbn^hejl^onsoled s irigTSiat one 01 the othei jfes^Ujreio^t'uSjMpafij® a few woids would suffice -to explain the additional light/^vhicli ..had been thrown on the case He occupiedi his half hour, however, m ma,king a few rough notes to guide him m -the altogether-'improbable event: oi' his being ^called on to open, and then went into court. The case Was first many counsel engaged on the othei: side L J-ust as the pidge took his seat ;;th<3\\-sqlici.t6iv dismays Kanded 'G eoffi. ey a, " tsOegiam which had that moment amved fiom- Mi Candleton It ^ as dated fioms 0 lai on thejyieviou night, and lan, p 'Am kiui ble-to cios on^account of' thicli. fog You liad bettei _get some body else in Paisoiis and Douse * t And we haven t got another^ibrief y piepaie3, saidtlieagoni7e'5' T olicitoi q "What s more T'earfheai" nollunglpff does not^eem to ^inowj^njlfere "heg^" 8 ship; was:. there,' the jury swas there, if this case was not taken there was . no other, with which tliey::cou.ld ':go: on, &c;, &c; The court took the: same wiew,,: :and -lectured- Geoffrey severely. - lEvery counsels 111 a .case; the court remembered, when it was at the Bar, used to be able to open that case at a moment's -noticej and though things had, it implied, no doubt deteriorated te a considerable rextent since .-those -.palmy days; every- counsel; ought ^still :to;be prepai'ed to -do .so on emergency. : Of course, however, if lie,.Geoffrey, told the com-1 that he was• absolutely unprepared;to:go on with the ease, it. would have no option but to grant an adjournment. \- ::'^T:am perfectly-prepared/to go:-on; witli.it, my lord," Geoffrey interposed "YeryweH,":said:thecourtin mollified tone, "then go on ! I have 110 doubt that the learned Attorney- General mil arri ve .-presently^': Then, -as is .not; unusual-., m a -pro bate suit, followed'an argument as .to who should open it, the plaintiff or the - defendant. - : Geoffrey v- clinmed that-ihis nglit clearly lay with him, and^^ the opposing 'counsel :.-xaised , no great obiection; .thinking tliej- would do well to leave the opening in the hands-^of,a rather inexperienced .maiij: who would.very likely work his side more harm: than good. : So,, somewhat to tlie hor>ror of tbe -solicitors^ -who tlioiight with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney-General, and the unrivalled experience and finesse of Mr Gandleton. Geoffrey was called -lipon' to open the case for the defendants, .prppdundirig^ He rose, without fear or .hesitation: and witli but one prayer in his heart, that no. untimely .Attorney-General would put in an appearance. He had got 3us chance, the chance for which; many able men have to wait long years, aud he knew it, and meant to" make the most of it. Naturally a brilliant speaker, Geoffrey was not, as so many good speakers are, subject t,o fits of nervousness, and he was, moreover, thoroughly master of his In five minutes judge, jury, and counsel were all listening to him with attention. ; m.-ten they, were ab sorbed in the lucid and siicpint statement of the facts ivhich he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at -first received with a smile, bu.t presently counsel 011 the other side ceased to smile, and-began to look uneasy. If,he could-pvoye'what he said there was.an end of tlieir ease. When he had been speaking for about forty minutes, one of the opposing counsel interrupted him • with, souie•.remark, and thai; moment lie noticed that the Attorney General's c'erk was talking to tb e soli citor beneath him " Bother it, lie is coming," thought Geoffrej'. ' But -no, the ^olicitor bending forward informed him that the Aitorney- General had been unavoidably de tained by some imporfaut Govern iiient matter, aiid had returned: his brief. " Well, we- must get on as wc caiij" •Geoffrey, said. " If yoiL'teontm get 011 very well," whispered the solicitor, and then Geoffrey knew that, he was doing well " Yes, Mr Then Geoffrej' went on with his statement. At lunch tnue it. was a , question whether another loader should be briefed. Geoffrey said that so far as he was. concerned he could get on alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had goi. a friend to " take a- liotc " for him while he was speak- After some hesitation the solicitors decided not to vbrief fresh counsels at; this stage of the cause, bnt to leave it, entirely in his hands It would be useless to follow the details of this .remarkable will suit, winch lasted two days, and attracted much attention. Geoffrey won it, and won it triumphantly. . His address, to the jury on the whole, case was long remembered in the courts, rising as it did to a-very highvlevel of forensic elo qu ence. Pew who saw it ever forgot his handsome face and commanding rpresencej'tas'heerushed.theioase'ofihas opponents like an eggshell, and tlien with calm and overwhelming force denounced- tlie woman whOjv with her lover,, had concocted the- ;cruel. pTot that robbed heriuncle. of-Me; and i-her cousins of their property, till at the -lastjpointingtowai'ds-her-'witliout. stretched hand, lie branded her to the jury; as. a, murderess; iFew. in : ;that-crowded.^;ourthav.e forgotten the tr- agic scene that followedi :when:the trembling womani worn out'by theilong'anxiety.-of the trial, and utterly unnerved by her accuser's. brillianta,nvective,,rose-fromher seat and cried " We did it—at is true that we did it ,to.get Tthe;money,?but we:did;not,mean "tofiigliten. him to death,' and then fell Jaintmg to the giound Geoffiey Bingham's quiet words as he sat>'dgjtn: '.7 • ™ " My loifl -.,mdj,gentlemen of the earcy; ' ^There. as<no applause, + Iie occasion' wat, too diamatically solemn, but -the "up——de-b-^ii upon- -'he com| and the outside public to whom such a scene is peenliaiJy fttted to appeal^ was deep and lasting- r * Geoffrey hirusett was -under ilittlei delusion about the mattei He had] no conceit m his composition hut' nuthei had he an) false modesty He; merely accepted the situafapn asTeally poweiful men do accept such Events—' with thankfuliiess but m ithout tm pnse Be Jiad got his chance at "lastf and likt. any other able man -what'^ In walk of life" Jie hadiisen^tol That w s -all Most men -g-ei Bnch chalice jii ome shape oi-ftoiva \ and -are unable to avai^them eLve** of | them Geofh,ey ofiei=of ^hl^Sr ceptions j -a .Beatrice haMssid^ horn to succeed inew,that ^ And yet whlle'ht „ jrat^Sio^jnliael&hac; competition indeed, ^bnt 3 still in a position to meet it Ho will not have been too proud of that endeavour it will have seemed but a little thing to ;-him^-athuig--&ill;:of-fan,lt5ai-o d,-rmp erfections, and falling far short of hii ldealiv :He.will notjeven-have attached' too great a; weight to his, success, because if he is a person of this calibre yhevmust remember.' iliow'- small- it iis; whenallis-said.and-donej-that'even in his day there are those who can ; heat him 011 his own gtound , and also that all>worldly su.ccess;'4ike::;the mos( pei feet-flower, yet "beais m it. the eIenients-;of ; decay.; But lie will -haverefleeted.wi'thhumhlesatisfaction 011 those long years of patient sifcrivra wlneli have at length lifted him to an . emmen ce whence lie can, ch mb on and' ou, scarcely.: ^encumbered: v. : by tli -jostling crowd ; till at; leiVgth, worn out,-the-time; comes foir him to fall So Geoffiey thought and felt The thing was to be done, and Tie had done it. i Honoi'ia; should have .money now:; islie: should no longer he, able to Uvi± him with -theii' :povei-ty. .'Yes, ar.d a better .thought still, .Beatrice would be.glad to hear of his little triumph. Ho reached homo lather late Honoria. was goings out to -dinner with, a distinguished; .coiismi and' was already dressing, s .Geoffrey- had ::de ; clined tli e,, invrtationv^which was -a short ,one,r because he ; did;jiot.; think :that he:would be.backrfTom 6|iamben iti ti-nie to avail hxrrviicH -of li,---' X-n 1111, entiKisiasm^lipwe^^ wife's room to tell her of the'• event. "Well;" she:said; "what lmve von been : ; doi»g ?' I think that you might-, have -arranged.: to come, out with me. It does not look well, mv going out so much by myself, • Oh I forgot j of course you are m iliat. case." v -,-. • --.:-'v-'. Yes—that is, I was. - I havo won the case; Here is a" Tery fair, report ofitm the St James's Gazette -ii youcare to read it.'; " Good heavens. Geoffrey !How can youv expect me : to read all that stuff when 1 am dressing ?" " I don't expect you: to, Honoria only, as you say; I have won. the-ease. iand.I siiall.get plenty ; of work-now." " Will you ? .:I am : -glad,to hear it perhaps we .shall : "be able to escape from tbis horrid, --fla.t-. ji- you do; There; Anne.! Je vous l'ai bifn ;dit cette robe ne me va pas bieu.-" " Mais, milady, la-robe va parfaiteinent " • " That is: your opinion," grumbled Lady Honoria. " Well,,it isn't mine' But it will have to, do. Good-night, Geoffrey ; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get back,'' and she was gone. Geoffrey picked up his St. James's Gazette with a sigh, -He felt hurt, aud knew that he was a fool for his pams. . Lady. Honoria was not ,a sympathetic person ; it was not fair to expect it from her. Still he felt hurt. He went upstairs and heard Bffie say her prayers. " Where has you been, daddy ?— to the Smoky Town ? The Temple was euphemistically known to Effie as the Smoky Town. " Yes, dear." " You go to the Smoky Town to malee bread and butter, don't you daddy ?" " Yes, dear, , to . make-- bread and Gutter';" " : Yes,:Effie,'a;good;deal.to-day-."- " Then where is it? In your pocket." '% ' "No, love, -not • exactly.. I, won a big-lawsuit toiday, and--I shall get a great -many pennies for it.--' "Oh," answeredEfiie meditatively. "I am glad that you did win, daddy You do like to win. doesn't you: daddy deal ?" : ""Yes, love." -.'- .-'•'-.''.. " Then I Svill give you a kiss, daddy, because you did win," and she suited the action to theiwoi-d;- Geoffrey went from the little room with a softened heart. He dressed and ate some dinner Then lie sat down and wrote long letter to .Beatrice, telling her all about: the tiual, j and .not ^sparing her his reasons for adopting each particular tactic andlme of argument which conduced to the great result And though lus letter was four sheets -m length, he knew that :Bea ; tnce would-not:be,bored at -having to read it CHAPTER XVIII. yl? fTHE. BIS1 : XG - STAT?;--: ' :.l . As:mightheespected;thc>memor: able case of Paisons and Douse proved the turning point in Geoffrey's careei-fwhicliwas.thenceforwa-rd-oii'e' of brilliant and staitlmg success On the very next morning when he reached his chambers it was -to find three heavy "biiefs awaiting him, and they proved to Tie but the heralds of an uninteirupted flow of, lucrative? business Of course, Tie was not a Queen's Counsel, but now that -his* great latural poweis of adyocacy had become generally known,* solicifoi s fiequently employed him alone,r 01 gave"him J ati'other "junior, --so^that ie" j " '•i5^iisg?irie^>K''ownt %as, too,v tlm Geoffrey leaped the fruits of the; arduousJegal'-studies, which he had; 'ollowd without tt atiqn fiom the time when he found himself thiowtf upon his oj\ji lesourcesj and which had made a sound lawyer of Jhim"as 1 as a bnlhant"and effective advo cate Soon, ^ven with- 1 his gi eat capacity foi wjpik, he "had as much] % business ^as he 'could' 'attend to' -When foi. tunejgives good jgif ts she! geneially does a -so v,ith a lavish hand ; Thus it'came^ Jo vpasf'that aboutj thi ee''weeks atftei_ the'ttrial of Parsonsl and 'Douse ^'Gebffiey'sr-inncle •j-the! solleitoiT^died "jand^o^i's | surprise - ^ehevnig ^ " if I live yoa will be able to have a carnage Don't begin to grumble, Honoria. .Iliave:got.£i5fltospare, and if you care to come round to a jeiveller's.-you can - spend; it on" what you like " " Oh, you delightful persou 1 " said his wife So tliey w.ent round to the jeweller's, and Lady Honoria bought ornaments to: the -value : of £150; 'and carried them home and hung over them, as another class of woman might hang over her first-born child, -admiring them with a tender ecstacy. Whenevpr he had a sum of money that ;he could' afford to -'part/ witbj ::Geoifrey ivoald ''take: hei':-t])-ns to a ' -jeweller-s or. :«, - dreKKmakev's, mid stand by coldly' while she bought things to its valne Lady Honoi ia; iva,s delighted.; It nerarcentered m- lo her mind that m a sense lie was -ta,lriiig,a:i'evenge,Tiponher,and-tlia,t' every fresh exhibition of her re|oicings.over,.the \- good' :thingS'thus provided- added to his contempt for her. Thosp were happy days for Lady ' Honoria !. She :rejoiced in this return of wealth like a school boy at the comins? of the holidavs; or;a: halffrozen,'wanderer at the aismg of the sun. .She had been miserable, as: miserable as her nature admitted- of, during all this night -ot poveity , now she was happy ig im, as she undei -stoodliappiness. F bred; educated,: civihzed-^what: you will^-out.of .the moi-e human; passions had- replaced ' them. by. this ldolworsh lp of weal tli, or: r ath e r of, w hat; wealth^brings. . ' -It' gave, .her- ;a. positive physical satisfaction; her.- beanty, which had begun to fade, came back to her; she looked five years younger. And all the while Geoffrey w'atched her. with an ever, growing scorn. Once it broke out The Bolton Street house had been furnished ; he had given her fifteen hundred pounds to;do it,.;and; with; what things they already owned, ,:she ' managed verywell on that. They moved into it, aud Honoria had set herself up with a:sufficient supply -of grand dresses and jewellery, suitable to her recovered position. Odo day, .howeveiv it occurred to her that Effie was a, •child : of remarkable: beautj', fl'lio, if. properly, dressed, would . look very nice in. the drawing-room at teatime. '-,-•; So she ordered a lovely costume for her—this deponeiit is not able to describe it, but it consisted largely yf velvet and lace. Geoffrey heard nothing of this dress? hut coming home rather early one : afternoon, -^r-it was -on: a Satui-day—he found the child being shown off to a room full of visitors, and dressed m a strange, and wonderful attire with which, r.ot unnaturally; she was vastly plea sed. He said', nothing atrthe ;t.ime,-. but . when,, at; length the dropping fire of callers had ceased, he asked who: put Effie into that dress. ; "I did,",said.Lady,Honoria', " and a- pretty penny it has .cost; I can tell jou But I can't have the child come down so poorly clothed, it does not look well.'- "Then "she can slay upstairs," k-i.kI G-ooSj oy fi ownano- .. ~ -- ^ ^ , -TVliat -ao-yofi ^enSi-F^ri^oa " I mean that I will not have her decked out in those- fine clothes They are quite unsuitable to her age There is plenty of time for her to take to vanity ." . •: . . : : : "I really don't understand you .Geoffrey. Why should-not the child be handsomely dressed ?' " Why. not! Great heaven, -Honoiaaj 'donyou suppose that I want to see Effiesgrow up like ) - ou, to lead <a life of empty pleasure-seeking idleness, andv,made a god ; : of-lusury ? had rather-rsee .her'^he was going to add;,dead'-fii st,^' but checked himself:.- and said—" have to : workv for her living Diess yourself up as much as you like, but leave the child alone " Lady. Honoria' was furious, but she' was also a little frightened. She had never heard her husband quite like this before, and there was something underneath his words that she»did--;n{)t quite; understand. Stillless.didsheimderstand.when on the Monday Geoffrvy suddenly told her that he had fifty pounds foi her to spend as she liked, then ac compatdedher- toamantle-shop^aDd stood patiently by, smibng coldly .while, she: mvested-it 111 lace and em bl-oideraes-.~wH'onoPia':thought!that;he was making:reparation .for.: his sharp words, and so he was, but to himself, and m another sense Every time he gave her money m this fashion, Geoffiey felt like a man who has pasd off a debt of lionoui She had taunted him again -and again with her poverty—--the poveity she said that he had brought on' her, foi every taunt he ivould heap upon her) - all thpse~"thiiigs m > -whicli' her^Ebulr; " dehght^d-j'He-woulcl glut her with* ^ealt'h'' as 1 , ' m 'iTer 'hour of victoiy, Queen Tomyiis" glutted dead Cyrus , with "the blood of anen It was an odd way of taking a re: vengCj f^and one t lJ l_iid\ 71 norj ilmuilh but thiu_h t -11 ii -TcH " l, c ve Geoffieyi I *nmeh ^secret relief Also he wasu nu Iil i 1 cd lc <.(" ht 1 r "as an) .bottom to such f J 1 di in ioj ii Ou ! j 1 j^un^.satiety^~n ith it But^i Lad} Sonoiia>wa5»al veiy_had sab]ect foi •-iel 1 ivpn nent bit, il\ii show id tliL .jijgn of being; satiated, £ *eitlla?-^vitly ifin^^fihing|7 j j^ith^pleasui es Jsoi ^socialde^ ^liglftl^^^^l^Uweiy' liei natui al F element andtW^mig-httas 'Soon JS-ve expected a^fislflto v, eai of the w atex 