THE YOUNG FOLKS. JAPANESE CHILDBED.' " Owingto their lpugexclusivehwS, the J" apanese race has many peculiarities which- are novel to us. Their former isolation, has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their youuj- are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. These youug people are intelligent' and keen, Hut they are so much upon the. watch, for our peculiarities rhat it is easy to see they are not to the.manner born ; they- are tfie creation- of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. . .. ' . To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not pampered, and petted, and made into hothouse plants. Mothers work upon what Js kno wn as the tougheningtheory. Plenty of life in the open air, often iu a state of nudity- and wif-.h the head shaved, is the common treatment. In the house babies are left much to their., own devices; Most of the furniture of a European home is hot seen among the Japanese. Thick mats are- almost the only adornment, and that makes a splendid playground for the little children. - Superstition begins with a child's birth; and, in order to keep off tho bogies, its first clothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, the material being dyed sky- blue for that purpose. Among the wealthier families the "Becord of Ceremony " says that "twenty- four baby robes, twelve of silk- and twelve of cotton, must he- prepared, the hems being dyed saffron colour," and that when the child has been. washed its body " must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed." The next important business is giving it a name. The chil&is; taken -to the temple : and merely presented there, without any religious ceremony. The father gives three names to the priest, and he writes them on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed: together, and then,- with certain forms, thrown into the' air. The first that falls is the chosen name. . This is written out on paper and given to the child's parents to preserve. . The priests, at these times are usually very liberally dealt with by parents in . the matter- ox- presents, auu tuey are espectpu tu keep an accurate registry of the children pre sented at the temple. Then follows a family feast at home, .at which time the child receives certain specified presents ; if it is a girl, a pot of pomade; if a boy, two-fans; In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a ldng life. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes may be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but they must he left off ou the one hun dred and twentieth, which 1 is the time set for weaning the child. There are elaborate cere monies connected with this, one of which is that as.feeding by hand begins then, if the child is : a hoy it must be fed by' a gentleman . of .the family; if a girl, by a lady. . When a boy is three years old a sword-belt is. buckled, on.. . When he is seven he has two small swords pnt in it if he happens to belong to the privileged class. Babies always have the head shaved until they are four years old, then three little patches are grown. Children in Christian lands are very fond of hearing stories like " Cinderella" and "Jack the Giant Killer," "Beauty and the Beast;" ahd, strange to say, Japanese babies have the same taste, arid, still stranger, have thoBe same fsfdries, but some also that are.: peculiar to them selves jilike. the story of the "Two Bamboos;" which is here given : ; By the side of the bay of Yeddo, on a. beauti ful bank, grew two bamboo trees.: One was.tall, lusty,. and strong ; the other graceful, drooping, and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: "I should like to' know what good you are! The smallest-breeze makes you beud your , head almost double and sigh with pain. Look at me! I don't care what wind, blows or what storm comes from the sea; I can facie them and -feel the better for it." The sle' r.er bamboo, who was modest arid retiring, implied: " Yes, we are each suited to our vocation in life.- You.will be a stout coolie pole." "Coolie pole, indeed!" snorted her companion, contemptuously. " Not I! nothing but the mast of- a junk for me." " And I," said the slender bamboo, " I shall he used to. decorate a house at the New. Year. (festival; if I'm to he used at all." " Don't count on that," roughly said the big bamboo. "They'll make you into" mats or something or other low. Why, you're fit for notbirig else!" "As he spoke a strong breeze came in from the sea 'arid - made the whole hillside qiiiver arid sigh — all but the stout bamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say " Go on; it . pleases you and dorit hurt, me," while the poor' little oue at his side bent, arid swayed, and groaned to see so many 'of her tender leaves, torn away. Time went on. Twood-cutters came. " Orra ! Qrra !"they cried. . "Here's a fine, fellow for Hiriashi's junk !" " Told you so," whispered: the- big bamboo. " Now-Tor life ! Anything rather than stop on/ this hank spend ing the best years of one's life in listening to your groaninger." The axes were plied, and he fell with a thundering crash. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew, more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came.to play under, her .shade, , for they had learned to love her, arid called her their " Silver Spray." ; Que day; there was a great hullabaloo in the siantation. . ' ' What is the matter ?' ' asked the aamboo of her neighbour. " They are going to build a house here for the Prince of: Tosa," replied the tree, " and we- re all to be swept away." And the next day the wood-cutters came arid thework of destruction comriiericed; Down upon the sand were -thrown the beautiful flowers and the graceful clusters of leaves. Te little . bamboo' "trembled and wondered . . when her turn would ,come. At length the de stroyers approached her, and a man was Swing ing his axe iu the air to give her the fatal blow when .a chorus, of child voices was heard: "No ; don't kill Silver Spray — please don't !" The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they, planted heron a bank overlooking the sea :One day a dreadful storm arose, the water was churned into dark-green mountains of .wayes, and in all directions junks could be seen flying to the: nearest shelter.' It was a terrible time for all' the trees arid plants, but' the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. " ' Next mbrriirig the : shore was strewn ' with" timbers arid ma8t's, aiid torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the reiriains the -bamboo recognised her, big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked in . many places. As the men dragged him; to 'thefoot of the garden he saw her and said: f'Ah,I wish I had been a coolie pole !" And. he was cat up for firewood, hut the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, andwheri she heard: boasting, going on around, her. > would often tell the story of her strong, lusty com panion. One or two hundred years ago -the -old- fashioned nurses .were net content with, telling; tales like " Cinderella" arid the like, but there was a whole range of literature like the " Tale of Lord Lovell," and the " Babes in the. Woods," and " Mary Amhree," and the " Witch Mother," and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far wors9, for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. There is not an operation of nature or a simple act of daily life which has not an association of some Weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They ate everywhere. They not only appear in the dark, ..-or haunted houses, or ' in gloomy woods. Every ' quality, such as hunger, pride, malice, revenge — every natural .phenomenon' has itB embodied form prowling arouud f or victims. . . . . Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely- see sewer-gas the Japanese Beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old man under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity-— it is not an intangible shadow or a phantom on which you cannot lay hands, but it is a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly that it handles tools, and swords, and two- bladed daggers just as effectively as a man ; hence it is a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, powerless ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christiaulands. . .. - Whatever shows itself to be a power in natnre is invested , with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a storm fiend that drives it—a malevolent, malicious desttjietiye, hateful being. One of the Japanese ghosts iB a judicious and highly proper one. It belpugs to; wells . and bodies of water ; it has horrid artns and claws to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like - a skeleton's. ; The Japanese ' child. will riot be tempted, to fool much around the mouths' of wells and cisterns wherihe thinks of an awful water-sprite which' is .waiting to drag, him :dorirn. ' - Oue of the cheerful ideas common to humanity is that of the vampire — that is, the spirit of the dead enteriug into a departed body and! kepirig it from decay.by. feeding upon, the bodies of the other dead, or upon' such living then or Women ' as by their wickedness have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed spirits. Children are especially liable to their attacks, and there is nothing the vampire likes so much as the tender meat' of little children; hence Japanese children will not keep late hours or go near a place of burial leSt; yapire -iaould seize upon them and suck out their lile-bkiod and f eeiLupbri theif Jteuder fleshr 7 "TT As the ordimury food of the vampire is the body of the dead, arid the tid-Mte from Bring beings only come as occasional feasts, the vam pire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way into the grave. . 