! BOYS /IND GIRLS. C'-V" Little Pets —It is well enough fyr children . toibe| laptt; but; It is not good' for; them' to' grow up shoop. ^Evading the Point—"Daughter,'1 ;said an anxious, parent to his > little oiie,: didn't I tell y.ou to eat no more green apples ?"— " Yes, papa ; but this is a yollow one." Only- a -Kiss—A poet sings, " And I covered her up with the kiss I give," Poor girl! To bo hid from view by such a remarkably open countenance, - -,r A Polite' little Boy—Grandmother —" I am sorry to bob that you are not polite. What' d6 you do whon you'nieot your teaolier on the street?" Bobby-^" Dodge around the nearest oorner." :Little Lottie—Little: Let tie : " Will I pver grow to be aB large as you are ?" Mamma : "I expect so." Little L'ettie : " And will l talk,. talk, talk nil the time, too, the same as you do ?'' ■ ' ' ' 1 Tommy at, Sunday School—" Who waBthe first niarii Tommy ?" asked the Sunday-sohool S ' teaoheri "after explaining that 'our first' paronts were made from the dUat of the earthy Henry Clay, ma'am." ;Lots"ot'Tongue-Doctor "Now let' iiie see your tongue, Bonny ?" Little boy shows his tongue. Dootor (glancing maliciously at mamma) : " It's a pity you weren't a girl ; you've lots of tongue.". . , Not the Right Answer — Visitor —' " Tommy, I wish to ask you a few questions in :• grammar." Tommy — " Yes.v sir." Visitor—"If I give you the sentenoe,:" The, pnpil lovoa his teachor," what it that?" Tommy—" Sarcasm." , r When he was a Boy—" I don't like these circus performances," said an old gentleman. " I became prejudiced against them when I was a boy, by the gymnastics of a fly that stood on its head on my custard, and rubbed his hind legs together iri the air." Geography Lesson—Teacher (to boy who , has to be correoted frequently): " Can you tell me where the Blue Ridge , is?" Boy. (rubbing his shoulder) : " No; but I can tell you where the black-and-blue ridge is." He is treated' more ridgerously than ever now. What the Boys should Read—Boys,' if you feel that you are badly off because you are poor, and must make your own way'in the world,, you would perhaps be encouraged by reading the fciographies of our greatest and most successful men. You will fyid that nearly all of tham were poor boys, without influence, and many of them without any but self-acquired educations. But, they,, were lada with lots of energy and integrity ; in* oapable of a mean act, honest and persevering! ; , v ; Why wb Theow Riob aiteb the Bbide. —Long, long ago, 111 the time of the Shang dynasty, 1500 yeiira before Christ, there lived , in the province of Shanai, China, a ipiost wonderful sorcerer named Ohao.' To this .dealer in mysteries there came therefore, one day, a Mr P'ing to consult the ' ornclo ; and, Ohao having divined by meanB of a lortoise-shell diagram, informed him that he hnd but six day8 more, to live, t Naturally Mr P'ang was much dismayed, and in his distress he resorted to the fair Peach-blossom, tv young lady who had also acquired quite a reputation as a soroerer. Her divination yeilded the same results as Cliao's—in six days P'ang must leave thisivorld, unless she could avert the catastrophe by her magical powers. However, she gave , the poor mat! a little hope by promising to atteippt his rescue, and, fortunately, she wis successful; »b that on the seventh day after Ohao was consumed ' with astonishment, mortiliaation, and rage, when ho met P'ang taking his evening stroll, as hale and hearty as ever, and learned that there was a greater magician in Shansi than himself.' He felt sure his reputation would be ruined unless he could get rid of his • rival, po ho at. once began to plot against her life. 'First he sent a go-between to'Peachblossom's parents to inquire if she was still unmarried. The answer was in the affirmative, at whioh the wily sorcerer befooled the father and mother into believing that ho had a son who desired a wife, and ultimately induced them to engngo Peachblossom to this mythical youth in marriage. Th? wedding cards were interchanged, but tho crafty old Ohao seleoted the most unluoky day possible for tho ceremony—a day when the " Golden Pheasant" was in the ascondant; for he knew that then as surely as the bride entered' the red ohair, in which she was to be conveyed to meet her husband, tho spirit bird would destroy her. But he reckoned without his host, for the wise Peachblossom knew this as .well as 'he, and feared not. "I will go," she Baid, "I will fight and defeat him." When the wedding morning came, then she ordered that a quantity of rice be thrown out before her door, which was done.1 • This tho Golden Pheasant Baw, and hastened to enjoy, and while his attention was occupied in picking up the snowy grains the fair Peachblossom stepped into the bridal chair, mid passed on ,hor way unharmed. And to thin quaint Chinese logend, according to tho Mongolians, is why we still throw rice after the bride. a Ghost or a Monthly Nubse.—Ireland 1ms her " bunalioo " (exolaima tho Arraidulo ISxpress), Scotland hor seera who behold virions, and tho cathpdral city of Armidalo rejoices iu u presumably mythical personage clad in sable robca known to the initiated na the " Woman in Blaok." As the legend goes, bofore tho outbreak of. that fell diaoaso diphthoria in Armidale, many yeara ago, when family after family, experienced cruel loBsea, a tall femnle in blaok appeared an4 disappeared in varioja parts of the town with extraordinary celerity, and generally about " tho witohing hour of night." Thore is a rumour (of course we do not vouch for its accuracy) that thin interesting spootre has geuoralty been obsorved about the time of anj misfortune befalling tho cathedral oity, and that tho " dark ladye " has again been observed upon hor nightly peregrinations. It ia to bo hoped, however, that bIio is not " is bli.ok asshuia painted," and chat if Bbe be ihtor viewed in tbe floah she may prove to bo merely Mrs' Caudle " on the rampage.^ 