BRITISH & FOREIGN. ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. fFrom our own CorresDondent. 1 Speaking at a banquet given him atBam bui^ a few evenings ago Lord Jersey referred to his approaching departure in terms which were a trifle lugubrious. Wis reference to the "sacrifices" he was mailing in order to take up his gubernatorial appointment will scarcely be weloomed in the colony to whioh he is going. I have heard it hinted that he was over-persuaded by Lord Knutsford into accepting the post, and that he does really regret his decision. But rumour, we know, is a jyingiade. Sir Henry Parkes recently suggested to the New Zealand Government the advisability of the colonies appointing an Inspector of Stock at San Francisco ana Glasgow as well as at London, so as to prevent the exportation of [ diseased stock to the ookmies. Acting under instructions from his Government Sir Francis Dillon Bell invited the other Agents-General to meet him on Wednesday last. Sir Arthur Blyth and Mr. Archer attended, but the other colonial representatives were unavoidably absent. It was unanimously agreed, however (for the absentees endorsed the decision arrived at), that it was quite unnecessary to appoint a resident Inspector of Stock at Glasgow, as the gentlemen representing the colonies in London—i.e., Mr. Ingersoll on behalf of Victoria and South Australia, and Mr. Woodrofie on behalf of the other oolonies —could easily visit Scotland or other parts of the United Kingdom on the comparatively rare occasions on which stock were shipped to the colonies. Speaking of the Australian cricket team the Standard says that Lyons, who made a stipulation before deciding to come that he should go in first, had, like most batsmen of his class, considerable fluctuations of luck. [ The Times of the 29th inst: devotes overa column in large type to describing the charac teristic features ef the South Australian edu cational system. The article is written in a 1 decidedly appreciative spirit. It regards the example of South Australia as very instructive in the matter of school-foes, and it pronounoes the curriculum adbpted as both' full and rational. The only business men interested in- the Australian- wine trade represented at the Edinburgh Exhibition are Messrs; Burgoyne and the St. Hubert Company. Messrs. Bur goyne^ stand is one of the most tasteful in'the Exhibition, and good service has beendone to Australian wine by Mr. Stacey, who is managing it. The Exhibition itself is, I hear, a miserable financial failure. Arborieu] turista in South Australia will be interested to hear that the municipal authori ties in Paris have instituted a special course of instruction fbr-young gardeners at the School of Arboriculture at Saint MandA The lessons, both practical and theoretical, are to be given on Sundays) and' include ornamental arbori- I culture, the classification of plants, and the position they ought to occupy- in clusters and designs, their- chemistry, the- art of watering flowers aright^tlie tranaportation of trees ana. shrubs. Theoretical knowledge -alone will not suffice, each studentrbeing required to show the practicability of hishSeas by working themout m the grounds around the schooh Mr. J. L. Toole, the comedian, is very angry about the report whioh comes from Australia i that he is going- to - he married- again. He | writes home to a friend as follows:—"Just got your letter wittfc that lying paragraph about mv marriage.- What a- thundering shame. Not the-ghost of an atom of truth in . it. An awful lie. I have not the faintest | notion of ever getting married again. Pray contradict it everywhere." From the Continent' there comes the news that phylloxera isspreoding rapidly; that the I vineyards are being-uprooted and;planted with American vines, Jur North Portugal'there are 100,000 hectares afflicted, 36,000' of whioh are entirely destroyed. The Doura- Requin has 32,00&-hoetares of dead- vines out of an-area of 50,000 hectares. Xh Italy about 160,000 hec tares of vineyards sure either attacked or | destroyed. From' Hungary, and from other l vinegrowing countries* the same story comes. The Consular reports shew that vine-planting is goingen all oveirthe world at a great rate, and- that American, vines are being chiefly used for planting purposes. A story has come over here from. Australia about an English, nobleman, who, represents Her Majesty in one of the Australian capitals. The Governor was on a visit to one of the lead ing colonists, and; his host arranged among other amusements a. visit to a well-known, stockbreeder, saying he would send a wire before- he came.. Eventually a telegram was sent off to the following effects— The Earl will'come to-day by 11.39 train; send, to the station to meet- him." The stockbreeder was away at the time, but his wife opened the tele gram and came to the conclusion that a well known bull of that name was coming, so a stout herdsman was sent down to the railway. The Governor, the other Earl, andparty arrived at the station, and apparently there was no. one to meet them. Upon enquiry, however, it was discovered that there was some one waiting in the station from the stockbreeder's place, upon which he was sent for, and the following conversation took place:—"Have you oome alone to meet the Earl ?" "Of course, I have," i was the reply. "If the Barl have a ring thro* i, as he " his nose, as be ought to have, with this"—hold ing up a bill-staff—" I can tackle him best alone. I don't want no help nor no humbugs!" London, October 3. The following prophecy has just appeared in the Pall Matt Gazette:—"The antipodean workers are going to get a beating, but they will have their revenge at the polls. The Australian Lower Houses next elected will pass a mass of Bills giving a twist to the law in favour of labour in its battle with capital. The Upper Houses will throw them out. A cry will arise for constitutional revision. Downing • street will answer with a nan possumus, as it has always done when thus invoked. It cannot intervene in party struggles. There are the Constitu tions framed in the fifties, and Australia must make the best of them. The existing House of Commons would approve that answer ex arnimo. The next will be too busy showing Irish loyalists and Welsh parsons to think of the colonial question. But the democracy of Australia will not be kept in suspense. ' Better Will drimiO * fhllTi flAVfl fko cut the painter/ it will argue, than have the life crushed out of us by our cast-iron Constitu tions.' With Canada and Australia gone, and South Africa in the clutch of the official liquidator, I presume that the question of colonial federation may be regarded as at an end; 'England will then be left to her mani fest history. What time she can spare—and it will be but little—from her own affairs she will give to fostering her dependent races." You will have heard by cable that Mr. Bose warne is leaving the Civil Service in February next, meanwhile doing his utmost to give satisfaction as Commiesioner. His resignation among those who were in the habit of visiting the Mineral Exhibition was no surprise, as he had frequently expressed himself very Btrongly at the way in which he had been discussed in Parliament. Assoon as Mr.Rosewarae'sresigna tion was known here steps were at once taken to secure his services as Manager of the Kanga rilla and Aelare Company at £1,000 a year for three years and residence. He will have free* dom of action to visit and inspect other pro perties. Since his arrival in London he has formed the "acquaintance of English capitalists, and imbued them with some of the confidence that he himself possess® bs to the mineral resources of South Australia, and it is very probable that the'bolony will benefit by his resignation, as it will allow him freedom of action. Mr. Rosewarne is advertised to lecture this evening on " and the Minerals of South Australia," with the Agent-General in the chair. He is making strenuous efforts to make collections of foreign minerals for the School of Mines in Adelaide. _ Mr. D. Christie Murray's new novel, which begins in " Macmihan's Magazine for this month, is entitled " He fell among thieves. Mr. E. W. Hawker bas returned from the Continent, and settled again in London for a tlMr. Haddon Chambers, author of "Captain Swift," has written a new play called the "Idler." It is to be produced in London, m New York, and Mr. Charles Cartwright is to produce it in Melbourne. j 1 London, October 10. The London Spectator urges the Victorians j to take warning by the fate of New Zealand and not to pledge tbe future to the hut by over-borrowing and its attendant evils. It urges that the outward signs of prosperity m the colonies are sometimes misleading, and that the prosperity impendent upon loans la owing to political uffioundness and not eoo nomic soundness. It states that now loans are not to be depended upon in New Zealand the population are abandoning the oolony, and the taxes are falling on the "luckless owners of property." The suggestion is.then made that gome day loans wiE cease to-be in Victoria, and the Question is asked, what is to be done when no new capital- comes into the oolony, and_ the light-hearted son of tod flits to another <»[ony or land where money is more plentiful" There is no doubt about it but that Messrs. West garth's difficulties will most unfavourably influenoe the future of loauB to come.. Bo serious is the matter that it is- surprising" the eolonial financial authorities allowed the firm's state of affairs to-be made known, artsing chiefly as it has done through being overloaded with eolonial'stocks.. ■ .. "The other day, a correspondent writes, "1 was through Kintore and Inverune. It was a very soft morniug, .bufc it did-not deter me from getting a birate- eye view of the SootcH domain of the Governor. Kmtore and Inverurie appear to me to* be two of* the most carefully eufcvated districts as far as I could judge north-of Aberdeen. The two- tovms— and Inverurie is especially a- large plaoe for a country district in Scotland-—bore a remarkably prosperous- and cleanly appearance; I was much struck with the number of- place*"* | worship in- Rwerurie. The whole- distnet I appeared exceedingly well managed! Ite Scotch harvest is expected- to be one much, above the average." _ » The English papers thmk that General Edwards's report is likely to-further consolidate the Empire by making the colonies,.especially Australia; unite more closely withthe-Central. 1 Executive of Defence. The moral of it ifly according to the English jonrnals, dent, separate, or your defenseless coasts will become the prey of the European Powers. ...... i The Mining and Metallurgy Exhibition awards are out.. The following have been obtained by the South. Australian, and Nor l them Territory, exhibits:—Specimens from the Mbonta Mines, specimens from > the W-al laroo, Wallaroo Smelting Wmtov Mutooroo Copper Mine, Prince Alfred Mine, Kapunda [ Copper Mine, Young's Claim, Wheal Turner, Hamley Mine, the Elder Ruby Company, Mac Dormefi RubyGompany, Florence River Kutoj Company, Maud River Ruby Company,, i.e. Wollaston fop Australian gems, Captain vr. Pascoe (quart®, crystal, and oppper-speoimens). New- Alma and Victoria Gold Mine, Mount Toraens Gold. Mine, Mr. Baumjgold speci mens), Mr. J.C. F. Johnson, M.P: (specimens from Mint and New Era Mines), Govern ment Geologist (gold incalcitc, nuegets. allu vial gold); Mr. Hall; of Echunga, Mr. V. Law rence (octahedra crystalsof goldandmuggets), Eangarilla Silver Proprietary Company, Miss Isabel' Baker, Tidisker Silver- lead Mine, South Australian Mining and Smelting Com pany, Ediacara Mine, Harrold Brothers (man ganese dioxide), Eagle Silver-lead Company, Mount Rhine Paint Conmany, Flinders Ranges Ochres and Umber Company, School ! of Mines, Adelaide, Sir S. Bavcnport.Oodla I Wirra South Flux Company, H. Y. L. Brown, 1 and May Brothers, of Gawler. From ' Northern Territory—Hon. J. H. Gordon, Mr. V. L. Solomon, MP., and Mr. J. G. ^he London road authorities have taken up the Baltic wood blocks in. the Strand, just by Mortey's Hotel and the Golden Crora. where the heavy traffic iB, and put down Western Australian jarrab. Mr.. M. CcDavies^ of Aue laide, will he glad to hear of this departure. On Friday last Mr. Rosewarnegave a lecture in the Palace on mining and minerals in boutb Australia. Sir Arthur Blyth occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the. lecturer. The room set aside for the lectures raconnac tion with the Exhibition is one of the large dining saloons. It was well filled, the audience ] including a number of South Australians, among them being Captain Angel, Messrs. 1. Brooks, Marshall, and. Masey. Mt. Rosse warne, in starting, pointed out that it appeared to him that When he looked at the Chairman, who possessed a long and intimate acquain tance with the colony, it was rather pre Bumptous on his part to try and grvean histori cal account of the- mining industry. He then went on to give . an interesting I account of the early discoveries of minerals at j Glen Osmond, Montacute, and Kapunda, and | dealt rather exhaustivelv with the Burra Burra, Wallaroo, Moonta, and other Yotke's Penin sula Mines. Then the northern rmnre «mtaiu ing copper were dealt with, and the difficulties the early prospectors laboured under and the results they obtained. The large area which tbe copper lodes of the oolony occupied was | pointed out on Mr. Brown's geological map, and the opinion expressed that there were stul , great openings for investment of capital in I searching for other mines. With nearly j £20,000,000 worth of copper. to show, said Mr. | Rosewame, the other mineral exports were comparatively small) but they were not to be j despised, proof being given that gold, silver, lead, bismuth, nickel, cobalt, asbestos, ana a variety of minerals were spread oyer the whole area from Cape Jervis to tbe MacDonnell Ranges. Mr. Bosewarne further stated that minerals had been followed south from Pal- \ mere ton towards the of Barossa, Echunga, and Teetulpa. The belief was also expressed that diamonds might yet be found in remunerative quantities. The leoturer recognised the valuable assistance and researches of Mr, Menzel, and ni later i years those of the Rev. Temson Woods. I R^arlring as to the comparative value of i minerals m South Australia, the fact was j stated that South Australia had produced the value of £6 per head more than New South Wales if the tattet's coal was left put. Atten- I tion was also drawn to the very liberal laws of j the oolony whereby Crown lands could be | acquired for mining purposes. Mr. Rosewarne expressed his full conviction in tine future of thfr mineral wealth of South Australia-, and thought that an ere of jn-orperity had set irr. Ho urged the money men of Great Britsia ft* enquire" thoroughly into the rrainnwrs of the colony, and he felt convinced that with intelligent direction English capital could be employed in South Australia with every reasonalne efjanco of giving returns. The collection of mimnala from the Territory invited inspection. and there were not in the Exhibition stash magnificent specimens of tin and gold as the Territory snowed. After a number of questions- were asked by the audience and answered by thtv lecturer, a cordial vote of thanks- was-accorded", to the lecturer and the Ckairmam Mr. Rosewarne is making'every endeavour to obtain a collection' of British and foreign minerals for the School of Mines. The' Sheffield' Museum authorities- have asked1 the , Executive for nearly aS the' South- Australian' 1 collection, and have applied to tfceNew South Wales authorities for specimens- of diamonds, nuggete, and other precious stoneo. Mr. Rosewarne is going to visit* the- asbestos works in Italy before he rettarns to- the oolonv. _ There is some talk of another Mining Exhi bition for 1892. If it is to be let it'becontrolled1 by the Government, and place it above'sus picion as far as possible; let ample time and1 notioe be given, and acuitableplkoe near Londbn secured. The present Exhibition iff makingr way for a Cat* and Dog Show. _ Mr.^ Plajfrfbrd's recent remarks on hereditary newspapers. Sir Somers Vine is doing very well in South Africa in connection with-the Imperial Insti tute. Captain Angel has finally decided-to-give" up the Tori-ens, and Captain Cbpe takes his place. Captain Angel'says he is buying up all the pyrites mines in Sooth Australia upon which he can lay his hands. Messrs. HarroM Brothers have- just sold some greasy wool aflSd. a pound, beating the ° Hbn. J. H. Angae's Hill Brver growth, whioh - only fetched 11 Ja. Messrs. Harroldh-ealo went - to America. Mr. James Austini and the oldest of that ilk,, the owner of Glastonbury Abbey, has, after a long residence is England, determined; at the age of eighty-two to return to-Victoria, and end his days there. Mr. L. K. Fletohor; tile son of the Rtv. Boby- Fletcher, haa- gone to Iancoln - College, Oxford. 