OCR MELBOURNE LETTER. Monday. Tho Macedon mystery has been the snb- ject of a good deal of gossip for the past week, and Government House did not exactly like the ""Age's" clear way of putting it. In fact, His Excellency the Governor wrote to Mr Gillies, thanking him for putting on the gloves on his behalf, as his elevated position prevented him from entering the Press ring. S:ill the truth lies between. As to the al lowances, the spirit voice that " con trolled" the " Argas" and "Daily Tele graph" is right: as to the" Macedon business, you will find the "Age" is right, and that His Excellency will not go into summer quarters there, although he may take an occasional " doss" there for a night or so. The fact is that after the magnificent residences and shooting- boxes His Excellency possesses in the far countree, the Macedon one — even with those much-grudged wooden rooms and three extra stalls added — is only about equal to a nobleman's gatekeep er's lodge, while " society" at the Mount is not all that a gentleman who desires to retire into the country to shut out the world would care to be too neighborly with. I do not suppose he would commit the mistake of snmnier- ising ontside the limits of Yictoria : but I am pretty sure the residents of the Mount will see very much less of the present- vice- regal party than tbey did of Sir Henry Loch, who enjoyed the free dom of existence there and his rambles, accompanied by his alpen-stock and dog, on the ever-climbing tracks, and his luncheon of coined beef and colonial beer as the invigorators of another ex cursion. The " allowance" question may be briefly explained. When Sir Henry Loch came out an attempt was made to rectify the scale of allowances, for reasons which it is not necessary to mention now : but Sir Henry pointed to the old list which had been exhibited' to him- by the Secretary of State when he assumed office, ©f course, this est'ab- Ished a basis of contract, and the s-eale off allowances to apply to future Go vernors was then revised by agreement between Ministers and Sir Henry, as representative of the Imperial Govern-- ment, and that at once; like the dormant Commission, came into force as soon as- Sir Henry's term of office ceased. No dispute- on that score could possibly- arise, though I believe there has been- some little dissatisfaction 'expressed over other monetary questions-, which arose- mainly because Mr Gillies-has, since be lost his surplus, found itr necessary to- keep a pari icularly tight" hand on tlie- sirings wh'icli open the- mouth of the public purse. By the way;. the Macedon incident lias-opened a patli to the specu lator, and Tarn informed that Mr L. L. Smith, on hearing of it, at" once offered to His Excellency the right' to purchase an estate ai? Beaconsfield for £10,000. Fortunately- for His Excellency's com fort, the proposal was politely declined. Some of the incidents at Dow's starv ation seem to have been- very funny. There was plenty of railway pass, but little to eat, less to drink, .and few to attend the tab'ies. The waiting, in fact, was of the character onee satirised by ' Punch," when the waiter, asked to bring some more champagne, replies, " Quite iniDOSsible, sir - I" haven't been able to get a bottle for-- myself for the last half-hour."' One selector sum marised the whole affair in a sentence : " Well," he said,." I didn't think I'was coming two hundred miles to get a bit .of bam." Sfill, the D6w entertainers | were a jolly -crew, and a sympathetic I one ; for we're they not showing their appreciation- of 'the only Minister- who has brought the whole resources of the State to hear to- moke his department-: the teacher, the banker and the helper of the fanner?" "Walter Madd-n was an- excellent Minister ot'Lands, bat it-wfts- I left to Mr Dow to- create the Depart | ment of Agriculture.- ' That singing- ef the "Death- off Nelson" may seem inappropriate ; -bub there are inappropriate things done-oat- side of the - Masonic Hall. What,- fbr instanee, .could! tc-.ihe mind' of a -student o; history-seem more incongruous - th'an the interment of Lord Napier- of M4g<- dala, whose victories were obtain ed- 1c ver nnarmed '- dark- skinned races, between I the remains -of-' Nelson and Wellington- ? j Where? then? is Sir Gaaoet to be p-sir ? Probably on- the top of" Wcllingtan-,. to keep iiis -ghost- quiet in its grave.-. I do not- suppose thait any newspaper in the,'World: has ever- before -bsem re quired to .publish in jonsecutkre . para graphs dn. one issue the announcements of the -deaths of twoi of its mosfctvpJned contributors? The one, ISr- Gfeorge Bieknell1, the cleusr " sub"" of the Weekly Times," was a personal friend fov- whomil have for years entertained a creep.es-toem ; tho. other, Mr >Jl. St Potts, was- connected w-iih me in .business, and was-- for- s considerable period. 'at writer of the-lfetksrs on sporting subjeaisJbrwarded by- uife to many- provincial' newspapers. Hp. had a rase eye for a, horse, and we shalll miss his " call" ifi, the Press-box at- gs-ery rEcs-meenngrihri-llong days to. ooeae. 3 have, in my possessiim a sixpence- cbe edge ai" which has-heei bent over by- .being struck with a. tmlbek No, I hajse- Yot ' Mt. in a batti'o."- Peace hatL fes hicks la this direction.?, no le3S than, way. j The Jack is, that sispeuce was threwn in the) asr and shot ai>. with a Winsinssteu repealing rifle by Captain Breiw, the world famous wfog-'shofc, who is at pre- senjt on a visit ih> Melbourne- He cer tainly is a maneilo'is shot, ai»l if I were tell yon some of the things, he does — iow he takes a small piece of brick in one hand, lipids his Winchester with the other, throiW-s the brick isp. and shatters, it in mid- -air — you wouBd hardly believe it. And! yet this is the ommonesi. of his feats with a badleL And with a shot gun he is equally clever. So struck am I with his skill, that. 45 for a consideration," I should have no objec tion to l.t him do the William Tell business and shoot an apple off my head. 