THE COLOYEL'S FUNERAL. An Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CIIAPTER XXIV.--continued. TIHE DUEL. I iUDn never before been concerned in a duel, and il the matter of the strict eti quettu of this sort of encounter was en tirly- at a loss how to act. Howevecr, I had always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so ruling a line athwartships almost abreast of th7e main mast, I made twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, amesuring tie in terval a second time, and finding that it was very fairly twelve of y os- l palces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all their imight. They knew perfectly well whet was going to take place, and they were not yet sensible that they were not to beadmitted to the spectacle. Itewassto be sofmething of a far more -aidly excuti sort tihan caetching a shark, aye, or even tsay be of seeing a man hung at a ship's ye- dslars. It put a sort of sickness into int somehow to witness that swann of wvhiske-n mauhy.Iav-chseeke faces, all looking thirstily, expectation sleu ping every posture, with a kind of swimming f tile whiole body of them too in the haze of heat into which the yacht's jibboom waett twisting in a niimeer to make the brain diszy to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottois until one has ex aminied thle expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expec tation of witnessing hmarn sufferinig. I stepped below. "Colonel Hope-Ken nedy sat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drumtiing softly withl the fingers of his left hanod. I appreached hirm, and iring hint a bow, which be retunled with an air of great dignity--men are amzingly polite when arrnging the terms of soms cut-throat job-I said, "it is my painful duty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires tie meeting between you and his, should take place at once." " Not a morent need be lost so far a?I am concerned," le ansaered, gazing at rmle steadfastly witlh eyes that locked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them.n "YuIy cousin requests nle to state," i continued, "that you will consider him as anctig without a second equally with yourself. 3Iy unhappy office will consist simp]y in giving the signal to fire. I wouldto God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point--" "It could not have prevailed with me," he exclaimed. "The m.a?nman's blow wss needless. On what part of the yacht do we figlht?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by yot?" I bowed. Asi there are no seconds," he said, "I presnme we load for ourselveal" "That is Sir Wilfrid MIonson' sugges tion," I answered. "Ilave you the pistols, sirl" "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and neocked and walked in withouet waiting for lnim to tell me to enter. He was writing in his diary; he instantly threw down his pen and jumped from -is chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" he asked. "Your piistols are identical, I belierel" said I. "Exactly alike," he answered. "Then Colonel Hole-rctnnedy's choice, , said I, "carleot funolsh Iles with any ad vantage over you, by his choosing, I mean, with a soldier's experience the pireciser wealmU I" "There is not an atom of difference between tlem," lie exelainld. "Yonder's the case, Clharles. Take it, and let the scoundrel lchoose for himself." He could niot have spoken more coolly liead he been giving rre the most common place instructions. 1 remnember wondcriog whiiss I looked at him and listened to him whether lie actually realised his own in tention ; yes I should have known better than this if only for the meaning Ids face conveyed, and fora note in his voice that made oevery accent lmrd and steady. He said: "WVhennyouare.lreadyring thehand hell on the table ; I will then join you." "But you will charge your own pistol," said , "so I mostreturnwitlh the weapon altcr the Colonel has nade his choice. "No," he exclaimed; "carry the case on deck and load for me." "Very well," said I, wearily and sick at Iheart, and devoutly wishing that some heavy black sqlall would-como thundoring down oi the yacht as the precursor of rale of wind and delay this wIetched business, for the present, anyway, I took the ,pistol-e.ase mid returned it to Csdonel lope-iernnredy. He slightly glanced at the firetr-s, mtd said witlr a faintsmilo: "Theyl are an clegant brace of weapons. Either siill dio forme. "'ill ysu load on deck or her, sir?" miad I. 'Here, if you please." lie extracted one of thie listols, poised it in his hand, toying a momenta o teo wvith it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which 1 could not discern the least tremor, lio then re turned the pistol to the case. Bloth of us .vould know which onhe he ad handled very well, asit lay gainst the side upon whlich the lid locked. " ave you a surgeon on board 1" he enquired. l answered "?no." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, " one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound ?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to winrmee at this, the only expression of un easiness I had witnessed in hism. Finding lie asked no more questions, I said, " If uou are ready, sir, I will summon my "I am ready," lie replied. On this I rang the little hand- bell thaf stoed upon the table, and hi a nlnute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we iounted the compnion ates, my cousin leading thOe way, the Coono'l ee et, and I t his hireels, 'rith thel pistol-ece under iy arm and a very liveliyse?s of-nmurder .n ?y heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. WlhetherIiss Laura guessed lhat was going forward I know not, but I wans very thankful that slto remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's roolness, it was most important that nothing ahould imperil hil frid's com posure. The yacoh's decks were deserted save by the ligures of the men who it had been awanged were to relmaini. Forward at thie hatchl conducting to the forecastle stoed the tall, burly figure of Cutbill ; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, dis mouth working in the middle of his face as though he were rehearsing a long speech ; Crimp grasped the wheel Heaven knows liow it was that I should have found eyesight for nmalloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recol lect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into his oheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided his equab, homely figure, and I also abserved that he gnawed pon this junk rith an energy that suggested a mind in m advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, "It will b satis factory to myself, sir, if you will kindly neasure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, end then giving me a slignt ow lie said, nonchalantly, "I am quite satisfied." " With regard t the lig~t," I con tinued, leoking from him to WVilfrid, "'You will decide for yourselves gentle men, which end of the vessel you will face." "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight slrug. SThen," said Wilfrid, "I will have my back to the wheeL" I could not be sure that he was well ad vised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would throw out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was pro jected, clean lined asa shadow cast by the moonlight on a white deck. "It may be as well to toss for position," I said. "No," cried Wilfrid, "I am content." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons totlhu men tIy hears thumped like a cowaidl' in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up lhi respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your Imad rela tive to feather-edge himself. He is all front. 'Tis too irrational to take advan-. aege of." Wilfridleeard him and cried out, "Let his look to -himself Ready with signal, C'harles." 'I pulled out my pocket-lhandkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly lot go the wheel andcane skimming up to Finn. rumbling out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, tlhat the gent's pistol (mean ing the Colonel's) was upon him full, and that hlie wasn't going to be made cold beef of for any man. "f Ready, gentlemen " I cried, and de uirous of emplhasisinig the signal, lest thd Colonel's keener sight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it caught W?Vlfrid's. eye, I called out '"Nowl" and the handkerchlief fell tothe deck. Tlhere was one report only - it wse like theo sharp crack of a whip. F'or the ilnstant I did not know which man's pistol had ex ploded, but the little curl of smoke at \ilfrid's end told use thant it seas his ea s thl Colonel fling his arms up; and his weapon flashed as he seemed to lire it straight into the air. "' Good God I how generous!" wns the thought.tlmt swept through me; "'l]e will nt, light."- .o continued holding lia pistol elevated whilst you could have counted ten, wite a slight baekwBard leaning li*s ure and an indescribable look in his face; absolutely as thlsigh ro wer- cndeavroe-rin to follow the fliglht of the bullet; his -aeIion then fell to the deck, he made a dclutch' with both hands at heitheart, witth a deep gnanm mank-lhis knees ycielding, and, with his hands still at his heart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whlilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulselesas. Yet it was diflicult to credit that he was dead. His face was as repoceful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whlatever of pain in it -nay, such faint distinguishable expres sion as I remember had the air of a light smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm ; the orifice was as cleanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity ! Howgents of this kind stand upon their honourt yet they're the people to break up homes." "Cal Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken belos." I rose front my knees and walked aft to \ilfrid, who remained standing at the ehahkcd line, his arnl thalt ?nopnl the pistol hanging by his ido. Tl5.ero was a kind of lligfll look in hIis face, that with Iis swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indi cated a mood of scornful triumiph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," mid I. "I have shot himi through the heart," aid le, talking like one newly aroused fron his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You lhit him in some vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "He made sure of killing me; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harshlyand mirthlessly. "He'll trouble no other sman's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to that bell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Binn were bending, "was good at least for another twenty years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him?" "Carry him below." "Finn?" hie called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped. "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone- dead, as MIr. MIonson declares, get it stitched up. I'll tellyou when to bury him." "Ay, ay, sir,"answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. Mly cousin handed me dis pistol. As he did so his manner changed; a broken hearted look-I do not know how else to describe the expression-entered his face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a suflerer from,some exquisite throc, and said in a low voice, trenmbling with the tears which pressed close behind: "His death does not return to me what lie has taken from me. With lhim go my honour, iy peace of mind, the love that was my wife's-all gone-all gone!" he muttered. "My God!" he almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that le lies there." "Be advised by me, Wilfrid," said I; "witldraw to your cabin and rest. This lias been a terrible morning-enough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. You met him bravely, fairly, honour ably. He Ihas paid the penalty of his infamly, and though Heaven knows 1 would have gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it las happened, 1 thank God your life is preserved and that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and lie took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn camo staggering towards the companion hotch, bearc, 'g theo body?etween them, on which lie walked Irastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, sup porting his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the wheel. 1 went up to him. "I'll keep the helh steady," said I, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up tlhat pistol yonder and bring me the case off the sky light." Whilst he did this we were hailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the rail and steadying himself bya backstay, "but I should be glad to knew if the gent's coming aboard?" I shouted back, "ho. You need not wait for him." The man tossed his arm with a gesture very significant of a growling "Well, well! " and then with a flourish of his bat he cried: "A lucky run home to 'ee, gentlemen alll" dismounted, and fell to singing out oslers. His wild-looking croew ran about, the maiotplrsail-yard slowly swing round, and prreently. th'o dceply-laden, 'malodorous craft; rolling clumsily upon a swell to where light summer heavings our yacht was curtseyina with fairy grace, was heading rounid to her course, blurring the water at her boirs to the blowing of the mild.breeze that. had scarcely power enough to lift her fore sail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, sirl" said Finn to me, "there'll be nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to see." "By all means, Captain Finn; and thcn get the boat hoisted and a course shaped for home, for our quest is over and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows I " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cut bill tried to walk and look as though he were sensible that death lay under his feet end that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for hin, and he measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, "All hands trim sail for home! " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomit ing sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bridd were fullof life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or.two to exchange a few words with Finn. "You are sure the colonel is dead?" "Ay, sir; he'll be no deader a thousand years hence." "A bloodymorning's work, Finn! I feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death, 'tis besa as it is. Have youany particulars of the foundering of the Sharkt?" "The yarn her people-I mean the surwivors aboard the barque--spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting 'em. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though ship wrights had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There wele boats enough for all hands and to ipare, and they had just time to get away when the Slhrk foundcred. 'Teas blow ing hard tlhen and a hligh lsea renning and before it camuse on dark thle boate had lost sight of one another. The colonel and lier ladyslip were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Liza Robbiis fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." " dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined stons thunder mgup from theim south, for all one knows. Vdll now, Finn. drive us hom.. as fastas cvor you can.. lswovl her along-- we've all had enough of it. In what bertlhlavo you placed the body?" "In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir." I gave him a nod, and with the pistol case under my armn, descended the steps and went to my cabin. CHAPTER XX.V. TILE COLONEL 5 FUOEILAL. Ox entering my berth I threw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a de spondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. .But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete wretch. It then oecurredtome that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seein tlhat no food had crossed my lips since '(inner time on the pre ceding day. It was about two o'clock in the after noon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there wereio others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward-who seemed thankful to have an order toattend to-to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandishments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into apleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at my cr, and, whipping round, found tiss Laura at my elbow. "1 have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. "What is the news ?" "Have not you heard ?" I inquired. "I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." " Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy through the heart," said I, "as le declared he would, and the body lies yonder ;" and I pointed to tihe recess that Muffin had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed l" she exclanimed in a low, breatliless, terrified voice; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. " Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid," said I. "But lie is dead; of him then lot us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just sue ce-eded in fighting myself out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You lave eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I there fore advise a glass of champagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowl;" and that she might not say no, Iput on an air of bustle, called to the steward to ibmne; diately open a pint bottle of ehamngne, helped her to s-little piece of the fowl, snd, finding her stim reluctant, gently in Sinanted a knife and fork into her hands. srWe are homeward boullnd," said I: "Boo I the sun has slipped 'tother side of 'ti.s yacht. Our bowsprit po.ints directly for dear old Southassnptons Water. So," maid I,. filling a glass of champagne and handiog itto her, "you must absolutely drinik to our prospersus voayge, not only to the ship that ?oes, but to the wind that blowsi wshiist,.' said I, helping my sell to anethersamall dose of Burgundy, "I'II drhiui tie lass tlatslotes a sailor." \- Shl could not forbear a slight smile, drank and then ate a little, anti presently I sawb how much good it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her liart. I asked herwhere Lady Ionson was. . "In my cabin," she answered; "she will not speak to me; she asks my maid for what she requires ; she will not even look at me." "It is all too freshyet," saidI. "A little patience,MDlissJenning. Thlewoman in her will break through anon: there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?l" She shook her head. Justthen caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to lIiss Laura, "'Your sister must not be allowed tostarve. I fearshe will lhave known what hunger is aboard Captain Criip's odious old bargue, where the cloicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Here," said I to the maid, "gcot me a tray. Steward, open another bottle of chanmpa?gne. You will smile' at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray tihe maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told iliss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said I; "I want you to cheer ne up." I went to mycousin's cabini and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady 3Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of herbeing so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of aknight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I wao startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, he was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any ner vous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wander, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished soome great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he ihas seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvellingnmuch, and she was equally as tonislhed. "LCednceive, ?r. Mionson," she ex claimed, "that the whole may have passed out of ilis memory I" "I wishI I could bolieve it," said I. '" 'o,ie.u ins just lain down as a boy might who is tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrong headed sometimes. - If I had shot the Colonel- but we agreed not to speak of him. liess Jennings you are better al ready. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes wore full of worry anid care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old o?erkle is in your gaze, and nose you smile once more, and your complexion las gathered afresh that golden delicacy whichs I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Ir. Ionson," slhe exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, wlhilst somiething of colour came into her cheleks, " thi is no time for com plimhents." h'evertheless se did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking dosnwards with a gravity tlmt was above demureness. At that lmoment Cutbill and Crimp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they entered. The bigsailor Ihad a roll of lwhat resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by eLuflin. liiss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was im possible that she should suspect their mis sion. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. "Will you share your cabin with your sister?" I asked. "No ; she cannot hear my presence. My maid will prepare for me tie berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing lier 1 "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said I. "There's a cabin next mnine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife-" "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst tihe crew forward. Donot anticipate trouble, Mr. MIonson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for your sister," said I, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wardrobe, the two score conveniences of tie lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and scissors, bodkins and tape bless me I what a paradise after the 'Lima Robtbi?." And then I told her how the Sharir was lost, giving her the yarn as I had it from Finn. "Anyway," said I, "Lady MIonson is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." "But I did not wish her-I did not want Colonel Hope-Kcnnedy killed," she exclaimed witllh a shudder. "Yet you could have shot him," said I; "do you remember our chat that night off the Isle of Wight ?" "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. "But now that he is dead-oh, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. "It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. " What is abhor rent to them in life, death converto into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps t. leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now tlmht her ladyslhip is on board, what is Wilfid going to do with horl " "She is never likely to leave her cabin," sho replied. "When the B~de arriveas home then 1" "I cannot tell." " Had Wilfrid's misfortune been mine this is the consideration tlmt would have stared me in the face from the very start and hindered nie from taking any step that did not conduet me straight to the Devoree Court." Here her maid arrived and whisperod to hier, on which, giving mu a pretty little s.id smile, she rose and went to her cabin. I mounted to the deck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a plea santn breeze of wind whose hot buzzing as it hiummned like the vast insect life of a tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was cooled to the car by the pleaat noise ofe running waters on?either hand. My first look was for the 'Liza Robbins, and I was nota little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee quar ter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike line. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me he approached with a ship shape salute and exclaimed : " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home " " For what other part of the world, captain ?" "\yell, sir, at sea one wants instruc tions. MIaybe Sir Wilfrid knorws that we're going home " "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in his chabin and knows nothing." " Lor' bless me !" cried Finn. " But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitch the body up." "Yes, sir. His honour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of tie ocea in whicah ye can keep the like of them thlinsglong." "When do you mean to bury him " " Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of- " and screwing upl his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Mlonson. " You are right, Finn. We have had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." "Will your honour read the orfice " "Dye mean the burial servico? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "I've got it, air, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, "On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morn ing, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner belL Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found"the table pre pared but no one present. I was stand ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crhisoning of the western sun when WVilfrid came from his cabin. Ho was dressed asif for a ball- swallow-tail coat, paltent leather boots, plenty of white shiit sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily soeon that he had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at him. There had never been any ceremony amongst us; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always showna a singular negligence. often in cold weather sitting down ie old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. " Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, "you nust give me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," he cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens I how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one'sforefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh,a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha I a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now-where's Laura?" IHe asked the question with a sudden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. "Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, "I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady MIonson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with lhis finger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered. talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us ; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked asnailo but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to acting the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for champagne, talking as if to entertain usa. He laughed often, but softly, in a low pitched key, and one saw that there wasa perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his wife close at hand, but lihe never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of ghastliness into his hectic manner, the crazy air of con viviality that flushed, as witlh a glow of fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the morning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped him. He drank freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzdling the conflicting exproessioans which ailled with wildness his large, -protruding, near-sighted gaze at one or the other of us. .I saw too clearly how it was with the poor fellow to feel shocked. isa Laura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which sihe seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well-feigned ignorance of there being anything unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a atmdow into ter face when she looked downwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when her eyes met mine. After dinner my cousin fetched his pipe and asked me to join him oi deck. I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "We must not forget-tlha Lady Ionseon is on board. Upon my word, 1 believe you are right in your suggestion this afternoen that Wilfrid has forgotten all about it, or surely Ie would alt-e made somle reference to her diinng." "1ll take care that she is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I pur posely abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his Ft as, chaint he would have been irritated by ;se lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is afterauch a morning as we have passed through" here she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay-A'I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart." He returned with Ilis pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-in- law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "1 have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see thinat my cabin is prepared." I thought this answer would start him into questioning her, but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," le cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they'don't suffee we'll have !Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a green. grocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only!" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiterl thoulit, ady fonson will hear that and take itas an expression of his delight at her presence on board I Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Misa Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said lie, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," aid I. "You're in Iove with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautiful night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called to a figure standing 'to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, Finn ?" "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "the capt'n's a-laying down, but he's guy orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was tlhankful. "He onmy mistrust thle weather, pCerhaps," I answered softly, that oldJacob might nothear. "Yet the sky as a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilfl The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated oursielves. I cannot tell how much it affectedt me t fid himn. ao easily thrown off-tce line Of 01is thloughta. It ? clahd oen darksomoe time, for in those parallels fight-treads on the skirts of the glory which the de parting sun trails down thcavestern slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or theroeaouts, and it was now a little after eight-for my cousin's strange humour had nmale a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in the star-laden dusk, a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into tihe skylight shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phan tasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall, noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to may about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakinga away from his train of thought; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in fant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as tihe fugitives were con corned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain abanqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave hint an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked care lessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smoking, puffing out bg?at clouds rapidly and filling the bowl arrehs with ha.sty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had he made some reference to the morning. You felt as if the memoryof it must be working in Ihiln like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from him at moments when I thought of the character of the source whence he drew the strenlgt that enabled him tonmask himself with what might well have passed for a mIere company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. " Going to turn in ? " he asked. ' It has been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," Ihe exclaimed; "the one stirring, memorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you.and we will pledge it in a bumper before parting." We entered the cabin ; it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where Misa Laura was and the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. "She should be with us, Charles," cried my ousin, with a light of excitement in his eyes, his face flushod, thnlgh above it had looked marble in the starlight, and a half smile of nmalicious triumph riding his lips. l"No, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drik to be, Wiltf 1 I want to see you tured in m dear by." "Pooh, ipoohi; hangi turnin gi Ifee myself of forty-spirit power to-night, just in the humour, if I were a member, to go down to the House and terrify tile old ladies in it who call themsselves Sir Jolans and Sir Thonases, and who wear swallow-tailed coats sood hrod-bbrimmed hats, with a passionato attack on the British Constitution. He called for brandy and seltzer. How ever, we had not been sitting twenty minutes when lis mood clhanged; Iris dinner-party face dzrkened. He folded his arms and lay back in his chair, look BooKs of patterns of specially prepared Serges, Tweeds, Cloths, &?., togethbr witl: lesigus of newest Gowns, Coats, and Ulsters, will be forwarded, post free, mmediately on receipt of letter or telegram, rom our Establishment at Cowes, where the r-t of fitting nccurately without the necessity if a personod interview has been made . a ,pecialitb. A pattern bodice, by parcels • ost, only required, and a perfect fit muaranteed. Novelties in the above garments are con atantly being designed and produced, ex clusivo alike in fit, colouring, and texture, whilst our Branch Hcuses in the various partsof the world keelo us supplied with the latest ideas of the leading fashion centres. ing downwards with a gathering scowl 1i upon his brow. I rose. P "Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. g He viewed me with an absent expres sion, said " Good- night," and at once f went, but in a mechanical way, governed' c by habit without giving his mind to the a action, tohis berth, at the door of which p I saw him stand a moment whilst he gazed hard atthe cabin abreasthim; then e rubbing his brow with the gesture of one t who seeks to clear his brain, he dis appeared. a Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst In stood looking into the binnacle Finn came t up to me. - " Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, " and get this here melancholy job 1 over ?" "Yes," said I, "tho sooner the better. l1ir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell I '-our people to be quick and secret." He trudged forward, and presently re- c turned with Cutbill and another seaman. The three of them went-below, leaving ritimp to get the gangway rigged ands lighted. A couple of globular lamps, such as might be used for riding lights, were sutspended against thds bulvarks, t and between them a seaman rested a wreng of the length of a stretcher. I e moon as rising at this moment on i our starboard beam, an arch of 'blood defining the indigo-black line of the I horizon there that on either hand of her r Went melting out into a blending of star- I laden sky, with the dark and gleamning I ocean brimming to the yacht, vast as the heardss themselves looked. Presently up through the hatch rose the figures of Captain Finn and the two men, swaying under the weight of the canvas-shrouded form they bore. The watch on deck came aft and gathered about the gang way, where they glimmered likevisionary t .creatures to tile dull, yellow shining of c the lnamps. Face after face seemed to i come twisting and wriggling out of the c dusk-visions of hairy salts, rendered i lifelike and actual by the dull illumin- I stion that glanced upon their shadowy i lineaments. The wind filled the rigging I heith melaneloly noises, there was a 1 yearning sob in the sound of the water ase it washed aft, broken and hissing scr-t pent-like from the bow. The'canvas rose dark, but it was now gatlrering to itsr loftier cloths a faint, delicate, pinkish tingo from the red moonbeam, though in I n few minutes when the planet had s lifted her ill-srapen face clear of the black' line of brine, all would be of a I anow-white softness above us, and a parlrkling line qf bulwark-rail and glitter ing constellations in the skylight glass and a wake of floating and heaving silver rolling fan-shaped to us. A coirple of seamen caught hold of the gratingand-misedit level with the bul warks; one enld ,supported by the rail. I The body was placed upon it. and ghostly it looked in thatk;peetral commingling of starlight and lamplight and moonlight not I yet brightening out of itsredness--ghastly I in the nakedness of -its- crinvs cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at that hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn I pulled a thin volume from his pocket and c opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughinglioarsely as though loth to begin. At last he mustered up courage and made a start. He pronounced many of the words oddly, i and there was a deep sea-note in his I delivery. I watched his long face twitch- - ing and working to his recital as he t brought his eyes in a squint to the page I with the isntern light touching his skin I into a hue of sulphur that made one think ( of it as the likeness of a human counten- s ance wrought in yellow silk upon black t satin. But the mystery of death was with a us; it seemed to breathe- hot as the I nightwas-in an ice-cold air off the dark i surface off tie sea, and a man's sense of t humour must have been.of the feather weight quality of an idiot's to flutter in I the presence of the pallid, motionless t bundle upon the grating, whose. chiill, secret, subduing inspirations were un-r speakably" heightened by the eyes of the sailors round about gleaming out of the weak glimmer of their countenances I vaguely shaped by the rays of the oil s flames upon the obscurity, by the silver gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven surveying us over the yardarms and through the squares of tihe ratlines and amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, and by the steadfast watching of stars low down in the measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits stand ing on tiptoe behind the horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was iow icing her crimson visage with crystal and diffusing a soft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of tile dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of was standing with my back to the com panion batch ; my eyes were rooted upon the whito form which in a few moments nowwould be tilted and sent flashing with a heavy cannon-ball at its feet into the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end he had met; but he lay dead; his grave was this mighty wilderness of waters; not a hole in the earth -to which those who mourned him could repair and say, point Ing downwards, "What remains of him is here ;" but a tomb rivalling the heavens in immensity, - a material eternity that would absorb him and his memory as though his form, waiting there to be launched, was but a drop of the dew that glittered in the moonshine upon the gra ting that supported him. That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy musings, and I was thinking of the man as I had beheld him in the morning, worn indeed by shipwreck and privatiun, but stately, erect, soldierly ; his cheek crimsoning to the blow that Wilfrid had dealt him; life and passion strong in him; when I was startled' out -of my thoughts by Finn ceasing to read. I glanced at him and observed that he was peering over the top of his book, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to Eee what bad called off his attention, and- remarked a \- tall female faore attired in a light dress, but with her e concealed by a long dark veil, standing close biside thie head of tihe grating perfectly motionless, cave for such movements as came to her bythe swaying of the yacht. She had appeared amongst us with the stealthiness of a ghoet, and she looked'like one in that conflicting light, with the faint gleam of her eyes showing through theveil, and the stitched up form on the grating to give a darker andmore thrilling -necentuation to her presence than she could have got from an e'miptygrave in a ruiptusred coffin; The cailors backedaway fron her, shouldering one another into thegloom with- much i-wipinh of their lcatrherlips spod the backs of ther hands -. I was startled on behold ing her, but.lquickly rallied to. a sense of deep disgust that possessed me on coni tasting this illustiation of emotion with her language and treatment of Wilfrid that morning. "Proceed," -I exclaimed to -Finn. H'Iead on, man, and sheoteanth.es-rvice, too, if you can." - . t o croaked out afresh, betthe poor fellow -·ns exceedingly nervdus. Tire ceremony, so far as it hrad gone, had been chill, doleful, depressing enouglh before; hut a character almost of horror to my mind now came .into it with tihe tall, stately, notionless apparition fihat stood -Ca-erce won by the lamplight and the moonlieht from the shaldowiness that clfothea her with unreality-at the head of that ashen-tinctured ]engtl lying prone and- reesemkllng-i- hammock upon tile :g tidg. It was tre moral hei ldynlsip's presence put into the occasion that made S:the ceremon yallon a sudden so hideously herunt o vild;'so ihhe iaeen, strikeing io liketo the heart. Forlhiis lredhsd quitted ler child, as she believed, for ever for i this she had abandoned her husband, had pricked the bubble of her honour, extin guished the inspiration of her woman hood'spurest, -truest, deepest, holiest feelings I What but an affrighting vision could that dead man wrapped in his sea shroud convert her ladyship's dream of passion and pleasure into I + Something, one should think, to blind the very eyes of her soul. But, Lord, how I hated her then for the base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, mneaking attendance at the funeral of her shamowith the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, stalking dose at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind hter ! Finn's croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two men who held it, or else not'understood. The sailors raised their arms ; the glim mering bundle sped like a small cloud of smoke from the side to the accompani ment of the noise of a long, creaming wash of water simmerin- aft from the bow, through which I ecioehlt the note of a half stifled shriek from Lady Monson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. 1 sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing who I was, she waved me from her with a motion of which the !rassionato haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly aft. I believed Ele was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut the book. Make an end now. The man is buried, and thank God for it." Lady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft the wheel, and overhung the taffrail, apparently gazing into the obscurity astern where the colonel's body was sinking and where the white wake of the yaclt was glittering like a dusty summner highway running ivory-like through a dark land on a moon lit night. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said to Finn: "I hope she does 'not mean to throw herself overboard." Ills head wagged in the moonlight. " Sir," he answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If sale were the wife of thesgent that's gone, I'd see to it. But dhe'll not hurt her self." Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon lher. The awning was off the deck ; the planks ran white as thie foam alongside under tle moon that was now brilliant, and all objects showed sharp upon that ground, telilst the flitting of the ebony shadows to the heave of the deck was like a crawling of spectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, off-hand indifference could not reassure me. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, sweltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddy ing froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing -dim, scarce defnable configurations of the sea-glow whiell to her sight might take the form of the man whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him shte might witness in the apparition, real, sweet, alluring as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which in imagination Icould see glowing against the moon. It waes with a deep sigh of relief that, after 1 had stood watching her at least ten minutes in the shadow of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the gratin" and walk to the com padnion. dosre at?ire she osemed to melt away as ghoasly-inlner comiug as in her going. Twenty minutes later I followed her, found ..n cabin empty, and went straight to bed. (To be cofntintued.) 