FICTION. Prom English, American, anti Other Periodical*. THE WIZARD^ LEGACY. CHAPTER XVII.-(Continued). " I don't know very well what is conveyed by the words ' a small sound,' " said Jack, gravely. "This was not small. I heard it only for a minute." "Come now, Daffodil, could you have counted sixty while the noise lasted ?" "You should have been a lawyer, Jack," said his wife ; " how can I tell ? When I say a minute, I mean just a moment, a flash of time, you know. I had scarcely heard it when it died away ; but my ear« could not have deceived me- you must ac- knowledge that !" Very pretty little ears they were, and daintily set off by the small jet pendants which she wore in them, after the civilised fashion of the ladies of the nineteenth century, who yet held up their hands and eyes to heaven, in wonderment and pity at the ignorance and absurdity of the natives of the Pacific Isles, who stick similar ornaments through their noBes. Very pretty they certainly were, and Jack said so with a promptness that did him great credit. But he stuck to his colours with a tenacity worthy of a British sailor. " I've said that I throw the bell or bells in, I make you a present of tbem. As to the ocular manifestations, I confess I have my doubts." " I am convinced that I saw, just for one minute-" « Daffodil, be accurate !" " For one moment, then, a half moment, time enough for me to see it, the horrible, fearful face disappear." "And a good job, too ! It wouldn't be the least harm in life if it disappeared altogether." ''"When I looked again, the hand was once more holding back the curtain, the eyes were staring at me, like evil things. What do you say to that ?" "What is the use of saying anything?" answered her huBband, " only this, the Booner we get rid of the thing by hook or by crook, the better. It has made you, and Peggy the house- maid, fancy all sorts of things. And though I don't know anything about ber sense, OT lack of it, I do know that you, my darling have plenty. Then, you know, the dear old Major got this whim into his head, and he too saw signs, and heard noisos, and no doubt believed that the thing was possessed with supernatural power. Its room is better than its company. Let us make it a grand present to the British Museum." " The British Museum ! Nonsense, Jack !" " Why not, pray P It isn't too ugly, it can't be too ugly for that. It will just match the Ninevhite Bulls, and some of the other horrors'. And I daresay they'll be glad to get it." "But they don't take pictures, you foolish Jack." " Doa't they ? Then why not try the National Gallery ? They'd jump at it there." "Don't you see, Jack," said Daffodil, with a pretty pleading look, and a sorrowful tear shining in her clear eyes, " it would seem such a heartless, auch an ungrateful thing to do: he thought so much of it. No, Jack-respect for his memory, love for him, should prevent our giving it away. We must keep it, I suppose. But if we do, let us, for pity's sake, lock up the picture gallery." " Wouldn't that be a pity ? The very first thing people do, when they come here, is to ask to see the pictures ; as for the ' Hans Veller,' I see no beauty in it, and only for the dear old fellow, whose pet it was, heaven knows why, I'd give it away, or cut it up, with s right good will. Suppose we give it a little room, a private and particular gallery, all to itself? That would be certainly doing it honour, and any- one who had a fancy for looking at the ugly faca could pay it a visit. I'd put a good lock on the door, and I'd keep the key. Don't you think this would be a good plan ? Then it would be out of your sight, and you need never think of it. "I suppose there is nothing else for it," said Daffodil, " but if any one ever wants to see it re- member that you must act as showman, Jack. I don't wish ever to look at it again." " All right. There is the little east room, let us put it there. You need never go near it then." So Jack, who was always very smart and prompt, took the matter in hand at once. There were rooms in plenty and to spare in the old house. And the east room could be perfectly well spared. But before it was given up to "Hans Veller" some slight alterations had to be made. There was one corner, where a faint trace of Buspicious-look ing blue mould suggested damp. The White Water architect came and looked at the walls, and said he could make it " dry as a bone" with his famous cement. So he and his men came, and they brought the famous cement with them. "By to-morrow, sir," he said, "the room will be ready, and you may hang your picture there." On that day a ship dismasted, wrecked, was toss- ing in the stormy waves of the Gulf of Mexico. All day long the sailors had worked at the pumps in vain. All day long the cruel sea had leaped, as a beast of prey leaps at its victim, on the battered hull. All day long the wind had torn the sails, the water had poured in and over the deck ; hope there was none. All day long two men, side by side, stood, holding on to whatever spar was nearest, sometime* falling when the wreck sank in the black depths, making no effort to help, answering all appeals with sullen silence or with bitter tauntB. "Work and to what use? Death had them all in his grasp." All day long the black servant stood by his master's side ¡ both had drunk deeply ; now and then horrible laughter broke from them that made the other doomed wretches shiver with horror. Was this the end of all his hopes, his plans, his thirst for wealth, and for all it gives ? Manuel asked himself this question, and raged, as a mad man rages, as he knew there was only one' reply to it. Women were on board; he would have fought with them for a place on the boat, had it been possible for sailors to launch a boat. He would have trampled on them, as one tramples on a weed, if by so doing he could secure a firmer foot- ing on the broken deck. He would have caught the last crust from their starving lips, if he was hungered. He raged against fate, as a caged tiger rages against the bara that impnisoa him, and the black serrant by his side echoed his master's curses in a guttural undertone. Overhead, the angry sky, crossed by fierce arrows of lightning ; all around the angry sea, rolling its huge waves as if in derision of'the broken ship. "Let us pray," cried some terrified creature, and the fierce laughter of Manuel and his black servant was heard even through the screams of the wind, the rush of the terrible waves. "We have had.ne luck since they came on board," said the sailors ; they would have rushed on the two men and hurled them into the sea, but Manuel waB armed, and they knew it. And night came on, and death came with it. But Daffodil thought not at all of Manuel. She was go happy, that even the veiled picture had lost some of its terrors for her. She would be glad when it was removed from the picture gallery, that was all. Jack always laughed at her about it. t " To-morrow it will be hung up in the east room," she thought. Somehow she thought a j "'ood deal of the picture all that day. She could | mot get it eut of her mind. The wind had rise«, and there was a fierce wail in it, SB though voices were blown upon the blast-voices of de- rision-of terror-of agony. Now and then loud claps of thunder were heard, blue lightning shafts pierced the dark air. The lamps were lit early, the red fires glowed on the wide hearths. " Oh, Jack !" cried Daffodil, " what a night to be at sea. Heaven help the poor sailors !" She looked pale and nervous. "You little goose," he said, with kind banter, " you know what the sailor said when it blew a gale, ' Heaven help tho poor folk aBhore !' " She put up her hand to her throat. " I have lost my dear locket !" Bhe said. It held a bit of her grandfather's white hair. Search was made for it, but in vain. Then she remembered that Bhe had been in a hurry that day and had passed through the picture gallery when eoinp to her own room. " I must have dropped it there," she said. The gallery was always well lit, and the locket could easily be seen if dropped there. She went out of the drawing-room and upstairs, and along the corridor. She was thinking too much of her locket to feel afraid just then of the picture. She drew aside the heavy portiere and entered the gallery. The next moment an awful cry was heard, and when Jack rushed up- stairs like a madman, he found Daffodil lying senseless on the floor, at the entrance of the gal- lery. I #.*#***. When she came to herself she was in her own roora, her husband was bending over her. " Oh, Jack !" she said, clinging to him in terror. " So it wasn't a dream-I saw such awful things." "Don't talk about them," said Jack, soothingly ; "here-try and take a little sal volatile; that's a dear : you're all right now, aren't you ?" " But-but I did see it '" she said, trembling all over. " Do you mean that-that confounded picture ?" said Jack. " I promise you when once it is put in the east room it shan't have a chance of frighten- ing you or anybody again. I'll lock the door and hide the key." But it was long before Daffodil could give any coherent explanation of her alarm. " Light all the candles," she said, " and hold my hand tight." Jack did as she ordered him. ".And if you like," he said, "I'll fire off my revolver, just to frighten the ghosts." " Don't laugh at me," she said, " You don't know what I Baw." " No, I don't," he Bald. " I'm waiting to hear it." "I saw none of-the pictures-not one-the gallery was not there at all. The whole place was changed into a great open square, with old-fashioned houses all round, and-oh-Jack, there was smoke, and flame, and I heard the cries of many people, and the tolling of a bell ; that terrible bell, you know ; and in the midst of the flame I saw a man tied to a stake." " Daffodil !" said Jack, " you think you saw these things, but you can't have seen them." " As I see you now," she replied, " all in a moment, and the face of the man-I saw it quite plainly-was the face that is in the picture ! The eyes met mine- such eyes-as if they mocked me, just as the painted eyes do-and then-then I sup- pose I fainted." "I should think you did !" said Jack. "I spilt a ton of water over you, and I've sent for the doctor, and he'll put you to right ; depend on it, darling, all this drouin or fancy of yours shows that your nerves are out of order." " But they're not !" she said, "and I saw every- thing, and I heard the cries and that awful bell," And Jack could not persuade her to the contrary. When the doctor came and heard the story, he too laughed at it-at it, and at her. "We've heard of the Cock Lane ghost," he said, as he scribbled his prescription, " and the Fasting Woman of Tutbury, and every village has its White Lady or Spectre. I know what will set you to rights-tonics-and a wineglassful of this, three times a day." This he said to her-to Jack, when he took him apart, he spoke more gravely. " Upon my word, I don't know what to think of all this !" he said, "it looks as if the house were be- witched ; since the cursed picture came here there has been no peace; one would think that rascal Manuel and the picture were in league. We must take care that no more harm is done ; your wife's nerveB are mush shaken. Take her away for a bit, and above all things destroy, or send away, that abominable picture." " The worst thing is," said Jack, " she does not like to part with it; the poor old man had a craze about it. But I'll lock it up, and then I'll lose the key-bang me if I don't !" The Doctorleft, after ordering a sleeping draught to be given to Daffodil. It was sufficiently potent to send her into a sound and dreamless slumber. When she woke it was broad day. The storm had wailed and roared itself out ; the pate sunlight of a wintry day came on. Not a breath of wind stirred the leafless trees. Daffodil awoke, refreshed and calmed. "To-day," Bhe said, "the-the picture will be put ia the east room, won't it, Jack ? I should not like anything to happen to it. We must keep it ' carefully, though it is horrible, because he prized it." Jack looked at her cheerfully; yet he was a little*embarrassed too. " I'm afraid-that is, I mean to say-wo can't take care of it. It is gone, my darling, and so much the better !" " Gone ? Oh, Jack ! I am sorry-no-I am glad. But how did it go ? Did burglars break in ? I slept so soundly that I heard nothing." "Thank goodness, said Jack, "you did sleep well. You never heard the noise- they came in the middle of the night-the servants did-to tell me a fire had broken out in the gallery. But no great harm was done ; I may say no harm at all, only one picture was burnt-that is gone-not a trace of it remains." But he never told her what the frightened ser- vants had told him-how, when the fire broke out (none knew how) they heard mysterious sounds issuing from the picture gallery-groans and cries -and peals of demoniac laughter, and the tolling of bells, slow and solemn. Jack, as much puzzled as they, warned them to keep this part of the affair to themselves, under penalty of instant dismissal. "The first one who speaks such nonsense," he said, " leaves this house." Neither he nor Daffodil knew that as they talked together that morning of the fire, two corpses, grim and unlovely in death, were floating amidst broken wreckage in the stormy waters of the Gulf of Moxico ; their evil lives ended, their ghastly faces distorted and almost devilish. Afterwards, one of the three survivors told how the black man could have saved himself, being one well used to snrf swimming, had he not attempted to help his master to eain the shore. With the destruction of the veiled picture, rest- ful happiness was restored to Daffodil and Jack. If Bpace allowed, I could tell you how sunny and full of rich content was their married life, how, as years passed away, they brought with them only a fuller trust, a more complete bond of union. Letters came to them in due time, telling of Manuel's death-news received in silence-such a silence as one keeps when he hears that a deadly foo has passed away from this world, and awaits another judgment than ours. Daffodil was, by law, his heiress, for somehow he had gathered together money. But neither she nor her husband would touch the ill-omened spoil. He wrote back to the gentleman in Barbadoes who had found out the English relatives of the once famous Dr. Manuel, bidding him take all proper measures for conveying the money to the poor-" only let us never hear of it again, until you can tell us our wishes have bean carried out." The gentleman in Barbadoes no doubt wondered I at this self-denial. " Very ugly things were Baid about Dr. Manuel," he said, " but I only wish I had the chance of getting such a windfall." He obeyed his directions, and wrote when all was arranged. " At your request," he said, " before disposing of the money, I looked carefully into Dr. Manuel's affairs ; at least I did my best to find out if there were any relatives of his, by the mother's side, and can find none. You are aware that she bad coloured blood in her veins. She had been brought up by her grandmother, who was a quadroon. A rumour has reached me, to which I am not disposed to give much credit, that her grandfather was descended from a Dutch ancestor, by name Hans Veller ; but with this we have nothing to do." " Hans Veller"-the name was unpleasantly fa- miliar to Jack-he frowned as he stuck the letter into the fire. " Daffodil shan't see it," he Baid, and he kept this secret, even as he kept the other, for her dear sake. [THB END.] OUR TALE FOR TUESDAY AND THURS- DAY.-The fine story "A Wizard's Legacy" being now ended, Its place will be taken on Tuesday and Thursday with a narra- tive, sensational In character, entitled "THE SANDYCROFT TRAGEDY." The Interest of the story centres upon a mur- der committed In circumstances which are mysterious, and is sustained to the end. 