[?] [?] OIIAPTEK XXI. j rui-fjihi as ho had I flrraf not fctatf « 0i,a -?®tSE TI»Ue<l; If1 contemptibly insignificant 1 Vrrin" P61 £,,,' revolver, olhoriviso.X ''SSpV \J5a SOT % ,'0ttrdW sUi'KS and that S Henry ' w- «& f. IMIJ'1 PrcM In Vlnnbts as to his safety woro SS. after rsychohatfKouq ? to1-5" "torfiSf p'<?6selli' K® raan?'?? ? fl« ?M St apatUtlo as he guvomehis Litrf a"!1® dropped into tho sent on. the 1 t""'d llrt,ionlc tracoot that agitation which Slum-. Jd&mtho; previous night was <9 S U««»'n?eto ®, and old expression oC : ho I ,bc8h!MlcdlUio q gambler who has played I '?ivrs«s a 'hothi thejk-loat ni$'» '' Jjf to/kyidlVouwM say, seeing that I was Quits u 5» ibo atlorgo than a maniac. She "'""SiJf'vns ttb matter .-frith ma., .and te» Vf'ivTouhd as only she can" he ro- W#1"5- >« as. only slip con.' . Tlion '""SB 'oontinucd, "One offhosodays, i'iPianroay know the value of . my Jfr. '"vh.Ji . then shouldyon bo threatened 0' hor you will understand my 'Ifacr. if o man came., insolently to loved your wife and meant to ffjSjffi!#. ' 1,1 ' -baft df brfn &?& "« now-rtf tlw love of n man 'ftfe/iiM »- m'm-nodV .sharpiy, f'.ms Iiikteve of a fntlicr for hia daughter bo as a,.l»uoband top hi. S' Ths'lers I bore hor .mother is centered Sor'ihighte-HiU.toe teve.of my hearty U«lShi»bick upon mo for amomeofc round too garden, he asked: 1 tyStoi-tbat other unldvod soul V ' S how sb. slept during theiday (unable tq qndura too Ixght after living so' TsdwB without light <ir Jove," he -a-iSblf moved', ."month wouldkillm»z Ethel te)hmo.'f, .. - ,-r ; i " Xtifcu Mdy aatural, as she knows no one Suego'Mt that «iie might hi wld'!it ocour to- moj. loiting youi ?!5»2i'li- brews as Kd'hundd hiS fndo » Wi'-WdsV- h'» '<lbo«8i resting on his fcM.'Bifi'sghlihead afteramraato'a sflenqo, rotol BJtuidCTation , of .propriety,. hat ,wh n',ls,'ilis,''®ri;s 'fttiire ' You ..are 58Bfititotte.8e.'d< iffleptibh',, , which . proi jaffSwlieajed.' Ton: ought tq weaken -' Kurf when 'Its' shoaf'comce .it'' may not ImpcMrfc&Ms; V . /'i < | ."ihcpslbifind-hef family or fnor.di, until : Jtaitanraistay.with-md. i.-i ....'. , r»Not «'tmii|fly>J'""h»- aaid,. hia eves liuhtainB. .'. tot her oome ..to .us, . . Ethdl I ii fepif interoitod in hor. ' lot hot daogerops lpfkutmietyea.jbe loplaced.-bya love, for a & «li my heart j oau wish. Psycho: m»! „thanvto;,,liya .'.wito'i-youc1 It qStijstfbB 'a.hrelthier'lifa; for hor;"' ho! |oolLned with growing excitement. " 8(1. iTOiHttalmow tho world-'gh, is .to- live in. . iTt oocld tate her abroad itrhile ypu araiotkihg Xftrkt ftfa/bp - I. -,H« tooted eagcriyiute my cyos as ho mods' I (hi proposition. .iThoro .was.-a wonderful, ox- I prmim of hii fapa, . apathy ,liad .;changed to I tun intent, ' It yyiia null a gamblor's face, but ; lit wore Biojook of oha who., sees .-his jv ay te: litlwo ' a .'fortsno , by pluckihg; a pigeon;: I For .ftt fbst;' time doubt' of ,',.;hisi Itetiw in . r'my. gflitd,' ' XhUld'-ra', hoc lav ;lt,-for:'bia tja. (juailed boforo niino, . liti ho woo : ihatternig ''iomdthihg in ;d 'dcep ItdMqNWDqr'i; tono ' that:. :I;i. eoiild'j .not;, l-ctich.:. Ho pared ecrose thorilaurn'r.with ibis; Iheadhcst, ind wha ;ho.roturned, thsievil look lyii popofiom-his foco,. fit lie soutodiuinself IsprnMaidbipie, bcsii:. : I iJlJuppMR't, do,' Thorno. -i I- understand and i Iflapiljite; pjth -thS girl's', feelings iubrei 'than Ite-phillofp; Shemust notjosa yon.at'dnce- IgjItaL5 tet.have joh dpi>e;toyrur!lB firidingj CtlnnOvf -i- .I-;-, i. Pt'.iji ' , l-'ItoUfalnof tha odvcrlie&nieait; I had inaertod ttdl'injwwrl-hid. received- ' t-u "Mno.othcrauawer ?'ho(i3kod, I' ' W.; ij.) i r, ; . 1 7? ;ProP9? to. do .lioyr. V i. £ "5? Sffin--i£ X fld no f urther; ntioo There bay bo i» letter at the t flhall go: over presently to not unlflcelfd : Socio Hliarp lavryer , IS' 9 . way to ®aing money through it, Iwjj 8fc ridibf the child would bo ouiy B-f!r''0?e jafly"sappP8e' to ctftim!her. and ' W»?ec Pot of. the way. tao w eecutely. -.fHavo iorirtofthat?.' ; - ' »pMm.;notic«»tatn that I have "not too _haiide of thatmaa or you have," he replied calmly, Kif i- swtho danger of: advertising ur 7' ii dld-bc.' far safer to put the of agqpdBolicitor ; doypu, wltcitor, ilr. Aiidresvd, dt 'Bou-; al%' at'aH siiito'd to an in- had bettor ipave BSiliiiUr - dreWa and nnk' him who pi tiOOU: r-ft!1 -1 Rtotesslon to employ if 'SWllwbfforptoiwe. tot® no further etepj at'pra- Ih'Stappy to leava'it entirely 'oGoclV';1- ' / y.:i . reuowod coiifliienee , Kbit, HvuvS ,'".? forward, with : his Bto i' JT. j looking on tho- g.-ound. r? VaU3#' l'r,t,,out raising his "pfrom tho houso Bllsian«iS .C0nr8B of the morning ; o.lt'qlficb if thero is any him tho- namo to lk?.V,5»?1to«'.o: addressed.. , . : broll i5 h" -said; draw- " &1 "!("« to hii f I®'- " Lot jTaaomcthlngelso I want to say 'bo 1?wn' ' fUter found eoma aott of V r 'i ..hat .do j-ou:value it f think about toil thousand IS«& j'i.'talwI.Ws . the jws": au vn.ujo. cqu.qrt your K v5w;.:ilr,V K!i Ut':b'<i<1,8 ' 0,1 twentythnnsand' Rlrfte thq.frSehold and 'ftotiofouud in tlio huYo found but part. v'llirottu®®9' tho rest" : v?uwoat,i7ain' 5?"1 I may have 'lifeWtij,'... "flatter paying." ; . b in| too gene roue." «i! ic# ""-ihuohfo & -.«oj.cpttoBp,'»!_ 1/ ®fe|!&r; maylire ti/eis hi long '-m tfcoK' for ii bis :sS|sSio£i jjj-fou hscausd »i oan- t . .,a ' know ivl' lauo), y, c wrong d!utri4fep,!f -"hows ml .-BBISgaiti rgntt'Tnalroyoir'happy— jnaraa yuu makq- ; pq happy. , .Some tun 03 I ; thing. ,'X. , am. no moro-than tho littlo'cf6atufea in- tlio garden that wo forget tho nbxb 'day because they cannot toll us what Ihoy think uud fool. Aadlwunti to bo something moro than that, , you know."?, There woe a pathetic 'yibrutioh' in her voice as( it sank iu this lost phrase. Then, 111 a firmer tone, ahe added; " So I- want to seo all that' Ethel cau do, and learn how to do it very soon. :cry soon." . , , , Wo met Etiicl'-and her fa'ilicr in'tlio drive,- and walked together through the flower, garden': and Uie . conservatories, there being"stiu.ligHt enongh to reveal .tho tints of the blooms evcn to ordinary eyes.- Undor -'his- daughter's influ ence Sir Hcnpy was always reasonable, and at most- times amiablo and' interesting ; but tliis evening I wns struck: by tho. lender intcroit ho tookin Psyche. Ho devoted himself almost ex clusively to hor, and betrayed 110 .symptom of jealousy, or susiiiciqn when Ethel and X 'lingered . In tho rear. Tlio mamicr of this extraordinary man was now as oppoeod to his brusquoriis of tho moniing as that lo thojunking agitation of the night tef ore. . Selecting some oftlidbloe- somsthat Psycho most admired, ho arranged thorn with toeto in a spray,- gossiping at the same; time in a simple way that she could .undemtnnd; and fastened- i; upon hor dress.' T......1.. 1 ... .... ,1 l 7 VWI ,n<w uuiigiibcu, |iuuiuug. wuw w me vutkb it wns like tlio. spray tnatEthol wprb,-:' !' I hod no idea- tho giyl wiia so intelligcntj bq saiil to . mo, whoti I'dychs had drawn Ethel away' with the serious' viow alio had in urindi " And how oxcoodinglr sweet her manner is." 1 I repeated what Psyche ' had said 111 coming. That wish of hers would bo terribly pathetic if it were impossible to roaliso it," he reoiai kctl; ." but, thauk God, -it may be realised. She shall Iwirn all that she .wishes to know. I will adopt bcr as my own daughter." , . j "If fiec real parents are 'not foyind," I eugi gested, '. ... "Triib,. but .1 do not think they will be douml,'' he said; iu aii odd, dry tone. " Dyi Qie-by«, thorowas ho letter for . you at Towerj, bridge". I saw Andrews this afternoon and pat tlio apse bypotiiotically before him..- He is din- tinetiy of opinion, that so far oa the girl's; well few ia.oqnoerncd tbeMicat thing is to do nothing. The . great . thing to be . feared is that'tiie mart . who put her out of the way. twelve years ago will got her; jiito nis haiuls again 111 order to put .her away effectually uud for ever. There can be no' doubt that' the crime was attempted with mercenary motive ; the clitfd coming betweon this man and a fortune. ' If tlint was so Psyche is sail the tughtful heiress, and mors dangerous to tbe'man-'now than sho .was'as a child. : - At any mto it wca'd be moot unwisa' to do auy- Qung in a hurry. Thore is no .ncceesity for haste. 1 in tend, -vit'i ttia- bleasing of heaven;" he mnrmurod furventiy, " to repair, the wrong tlwt hasboon done to that poor girl, and to be :'tq hern better friend' than those who suffered - her to'be famedaway." There was uu awkward pause; I could sot aeqoiint satisfactorily to myself for the feeling Of embaerassihcnb that made moBilont. You -onn't make . it out," eaid Sir Henry; .0b88fvlng; iay silence. " That does not -sar- S rise,, me. .. To you it must seem that my. con . tit has been that . of .a manido. rather than a sane man, aud nothing must appear moro mad than my proposal to; adopt ;as. ray daughter a ' girl I saw for tho. first time last night; Every effect- is "i'nexplicabld until tiie' cau.Ho tliafcpro- dueod it stands revealed; My quickly changing moods are inexplicable. Believe me, not oub-of those moods would appear mere unaccountablo than tho phases hi an eclipec if you knew of the phadow.-oust .upori, ray: lifu. (That: shadow -is nearly past,, tliank :God ! One of these days— t uotnow— yoanhall know all !" n. „'.'As ho. epoko the last.. words ha opened-. Ins' note-book and took, out a paper, winch he how put ill 'my hand, f ; .. fl» ; "That is the chequa -for the propertyyoa wero good enough to let mo have"' he said, in a tone of real -gratitude. " With it, .Bernard, I . give yoii permission.:. to ask < my daughter to bo .your wife.!!.,.- . v .This wmi as unexpected as - anything, lie hod tot said or done, and his toiio betraying none of hat bitter scnaie ot deprivution he had before displayed mad ft# contradiction more ob vious. . ' ' !".Tn giving yon my daughter;" he' continued, "lyoii'may,: perhaps,- Una some' reason for my eager desire to adopt Psycho." If I hadhot bcenblindod by a lover's emotion I -might have fqund -.another rressoninnd seen (that I was taking, a (bribe, , r. ., -...- . . Wo found poor Psyche, in tho library looking, with psiuetl. wonder, at - an open hook, .and stfiviiig to uiidetetand that each collection of :bjack marks uieaiit a word, and that those: Words token together told of "something thut pcopIC wonted to know. From tho book she looked round tho ifxnn at the sholvee from floor .to cejtiug,. tilled with similar books... -: -v.di-Aroithoy. aJl tho aatno she askod. - -:V S>o, see, .this .iy quite different/.', reptiod Ethel, dpqauig :another;i aud.telling her. the atory u . contained iri al fow- casy '.words. But ike story failed to charm," Psycho; for sho had ii' Tory- serious ohject ' in ' making these' in- quirics. . ' " Oan you read them— all -theso - littlo words in ail these books ?" - she asked in awo. ' " Yes,- Ethel cau read .-them: nil, mud so- will you beablo to road thotn oueof these (toys,":' Baid Sir Ilen'ry kiudl/.j |,i , i- Psyche drew a. long breath in silence,, . Then : fiipinnrr fn-liUlutl. fallP fluul . . ,'t Now I want to htor you ,'suig a sou'g ivith .words." . : ; Ethel' took her Into the drawingroom, nud: sitting down to tho piano siing a. simple ballad to lu:r own accompaniment. : ; - ; -"-Oh, that is beautiful,"- said Psyche, after listening in ropt attention. : I wont to hoar it again, Jet mo do it.'? / And seating .liorsolf- beforo the piano sho pressed tho notes , ss she had seeu Ethel press, them ; but when nothing but discord oomo from hor touch she drew boclc frightened, and. looked ronnd to see if wo were laughing at her folly. But the poor child's ignoranco aud disinay moved us iu anothor way. ' . , ' " You will have to learn a long while, dear, boforeyou can play," said Ethel, sitting down beside uer and taking her hand. " I have been learning siuob I was quito ,a little child." . When we left the .house the eturs wore out. " -'Look, look!" criodPsy oho, lifting Ethel's hand in delight, " see, eho. woars dowdropeon hor iihgots." ' " ' - At a word from her .-father Ethel took tho diamond -ring off and slipped it on Psyche's finger. It's a dewdrop that doesn't fado, and that/ you. can keep, for ever, und :you Bliull weaflt always, doar, for my sako." , As Psycho sat by my side in tho night she held up the ring! uud . looked at . tho grancing raye aisftully. ; "Brpthcr," sho said,'" it does not look so lovely ou'my liand us - it did- ou' hers; My, fingers are not so smooth:-' and whito as -hers." ' , : \- " Working in the sand has spoiled, them. That's all over.now." \ - - 1 " Yes, we shall, work side by side no more." Presently she looked at tho ring ugaiiu " Oh, it was' kind of har to givp it to mo," uhoqaid. pressing the ring to her chcok. "She is all .klhil, and good, and sweet, and beautiful. You 'dbri'tlriiow auyone'iu all the world more boau- tifulnhd:good|:doyou?" .-' \- " No.-Peyehe." : "I doii't think thoio .will'ovor bo oneliko her,'? ihosaid.iu a quiet tono of cOnviotion. : \ " Why, I thought you wore goiug.to'be like her,'' I Kiid lightly, hoping to.cbange the vein of sadness in which her thoughts seemed to be pillUlDgs. AJUv tUU iVlUhlHty . . »v ua ceiVcd. . p ... .- - , ' " No," Bald 'she, shaking hor hoad gravely, !" 'f can never bo iiko hor. I was silly nud vam to 'think that. ' I know bettor now. . I'could novcr team all thoso words— .never sing as sho does, for she has - boon learning-, wnco sho was a littlo child— all , the tim'o 1 havo been llvingin the dark. . I sholl-uevcr bo anything but a snout little creature of, tho "garden ;'?,her.Totoofapm-' bled. . Talk to mo, dear, jiist a littlo more; 4nd,let:me listbii, hs I did In the .'cayo, when you : fiipt caine tb me and I'know nothing. Oh, It was good to' know, nothing then ; it is dreadful to Eiibw so littld' how. My heart is very full, I Cannot speak."1 ; j : My heart was full also, but I managed to speak cheerfully 03' I- reasoned with hor, 'show ing that our happinoss did not depend upon our oxqalliug all others, or there could be hutouo happy, person' hi the whole world; thatnofcwo persona aro alive, but each . hits some exeollouce which tho other may lack without boingless 16V4Mo ; and other truisms of a like kind. . ' ''Wh'ethqr'.'sho ' followed my argument ; or 'nnSerttobd 'it'-'I cannot toll, Perhaps It was -,dnly tho sound of myyoico she heard while her 'thoughts were, occupied .with -pleasant momo- i vins'-Hut die Miempd enmfoxtod uow and again, smoothing., my shbiddqr gently 'with' her cheek - as (lie tlitT when she wosliappy. - . ; . . ;I: thought I might tike ndvaiitoge of this mood to ijruvire her for the coming change,' so ,1 spdko of our' visit to the Chase, and the things wo had seen; It pleased -her to talk about the - greenhouses aud thj gorgeous 'flowers lu them. ""But it was so strange'," sho eaid, in atone of awe. ,, " Xt wi|| BO<m , jtfgy Btyanga &iiu; inoro beauti ful wheiiyou know: thorn batter." s./f Aw wg.goiiig Ihcrd again r ibo askod, > Bouii to dluo tlioro fo-ioorrow . ovouTnt. " You wulliko to go?", -vIk,- <vWaeroYer/ypu go I mast liM to go. | : t ''You don't (iwliko Sir Henry f. r 'Ohuda I like him a great doal. , t.. . J. ; ; xrpmglaa of xrnta oufoUro irltik.lLiia alWaykf'' 7,9 i:i(. - . : - « CQuUIh1( do that,n Bhooxclaiinod. lauglunge Then' seeing, mo grave, her amilo , w,qat suddenly, and sho eaid with an n<icciit of coiwteniationi " You 'don't want b4g to .go\ m y?u-y?u nittlco ma go: to . ., <c, ,nt make 'yon do 'anything. Payche, that hurts, you. You shall live with me as long i aa yon will." f . ; .. , . . Oh, my brother," sho oxclaimod. claeping ;ifly arm to her. breast. / , Presentlv I said .u X011 like .to have Ethel always for a > companion and friend?" T 4Xdonofc uncleratamd that. I cannot live aIf«wth her And with you'too." t u-nfv.0 woliveaeundoras wo do. -Bat if to livo with us end alio eaysyes. n one will never say ycr," Psyche saidj con fluently. 'iSover, novor, never I' ihat aakod how, sho could .tell< «! hy what I feol,' she an- swerea. When she looks at you and you ! look at Iior—when you speak' low together as. you did to-night, X oould cry with tho pain in my heart. Thou how eould.ehoboar to bco as, situng os wo sitnow, whispering to each othorl Su011? iJ10 night with no bought for any other r J»o, no !—eho could not do that, ft iWpuiu bo too much pain. Moro thau she could ooau. oho would rather ltvo nlo'ne than soo that you are my brother and not hecs,". «®7tcould I toll her that X loved Ethel moro tnan I loved her ? X rose, putting off a Kttle loumjr tho evil hour. f . j . I sycho. rarely oamo down from her room before sunset ; we woro to dlno atfS o'clook, but Bir Honnr hud asked mo to come in tho Jternoon, I was bidding Ethel good-night at uiatmoment, and the mutual pressure of oar hands conveyed tho fooling -with which we looked forward to. tho meotang better than my faltering tonguo expressed. . .i ! .-X went tip to tlio boueo at 4, and after some . general eony orsation Sir Honry excused him- solf and went into the library, fearing Ethel and me to ourselves. ' - Wsatoiled lnuie shodo' off tlio pinewood, and thoro X asked Ethel to- be my wifoj and she camointo my arms and I hold her fheroob- Iitious of everything but .tho orowniug hanpi- liessof my life. . j " Why aro you drying, love ?\ I asked., . i She' raised hcrkeaa frommy breast and showed mo a fuce radiant with happinoss ; . " Why should I cry fM sho askod. I was perploxed. I oould havo sworn that as I. murmured my love ovor her beat hendj kissing tho, waring, hair, I hoard a smothered eob. -| 1 - . # It was getting dusk wlien we bow Sir Henry m the drive., .. \ , I going-over to fetch Psyche —my other chua, be said. X .gayo htm tho key of the door, content to stay with my love. „T©n minutes pornaps had gone by whon Bir Heary appealed again ia the drive. He was alone and walking hastily. ; Where b Psyche??1 he askod, when he- wa TViullll ifhVlWti rr (flafnnnA : " I loft her in tbo house wfapa I camo avrav; I kca»d bet siugiugiu her roota." . i " Sho ia hot there how," he auaweradi ' She' iBBOUe!'" " . CHAPTER XXIir. , ' ! ®KB' Konov OV HKAVBlf. "'.She is goue !" The words struclcino with dis may.' I cuucluilod at onoo that old refer had succeeded in capturing poor Psyche; lie su not a man vvho threatened idly, m tho mnrdo'r- ous attempt on tho girl's life had already -proved. - x-spoxe ray' tear to air floury, and we ran to tho cottage. . . ," You- havo nothing to fear from him,", he replied, with confidence. " It Is mora probable, that qbe has toft tho house oa she did tho other day when eha'foutid you gene.'?- . . . ' . This view was partly confirmed iu ray mind when I' found tho back door auboltod.- -Aftor taking a: hasty' glance in her.,rooin ami round \- the garden we - returned to th. Chase. ' It was .there she-sought' mo before she-kiioir'we woro to dinoat. the .house;- - It was natural to sup. : poso that, she had -takou- -the -samo path and wandered from the -open drivo into the deeper shade of the pork. Yet my heart sunk with a fearful misgiving that the hop. was delusive. We went up to the house. Then separating we searched' tho . alleys- uf "-'the park, eoiling " Psyche" as wo wont ;; but no.answoreame. i I found myself on the spot where I hod asked Ethel to bo my wifo, and taken her into my .anus; Then liotidng'a thicket hard by, and remembering tho sound of a Utiflcd sob thathofi rcuchoa my ear, I fdt eonvixiced that It had come from poor Psyche's wrung hcort. aiid thut sho in seeing mo cmbraca Ethel as I hid novcr embraced har had learnt for herself what- I hud not found courage to toll hor— that I loved Ethel moro than I lovod her. . ' My! poor littlo Biatof," I criod. and waited with the last hopo of hearing hor sweet voire .echo ".-poor, little sister!" Not a breath broke - tho awful silouco. ... . ' Alone I went hack to tho cottage. loallod her (again anil again ia the garden and went into tho house to search in avory room with, blank hopelessness; Oponing tho door of my own-room I founds tracoot hor that crisped the huiron my head. . Tho rooui was strewn with fresh-cut flowers. There were ilowore on .my pillow, -audhesldo them (the . ring.'thut . Ethel had.-nut on her finger. . .... . - . I sat down unable to go further, . for this '.touching sou veuir was too;significant. to bo mis- uuilcretooi. -Our conversation of. the night (boforo .camo back to mo ; what sho had saiu in apcakiug of , tho imfiossibility of Ethel's living with us applied now to herself— " she ooulil hot' do that.-, : Jt .would bo toemuch pain., Moro than alio, could hour., Sho would rather -, live atone than sea that you ore mino and hothors." And she had .fouuu that it. was for hcr.to go away and live aiono, But. where had sho wan dered V I asked myself, starting up as -I realised tho necessity of finding tho poor girl aud soothing her stricken heart at once. 1 did not fear suicide. PByoho scarcely know, what death was; tho possibility of seif- dostriictiou was boy ond her imagination. Had she simply gone along tho road, oh. and on, with no other object but to getav.-uy from tho placo where it was too much pain to live t No. 'lu lier room I'foiind a clus to hor destination. There was a cupboard iu which sho kopt, with a . strange love, the relics she had brought away with hor from tlio cave. The rough ssrgo suck iu which sho workod by my eido iu too burrow, tho shoes she wore when tho day's work wus dono, and a necklace of shells that I had ground oa a Hint and threaded together— they were gone, and beside her bed lay all tho clothes I had given her in her now life." I felt sure she bad gone hack tb'tho cava, to livo alond there with the- memory of those happy days' wheal her heart uover nehed. " ' It struck : ma that amongst those ' things which sho could iiot find words to tell me ubout was soma sort of premonition of this return; The old life was often iu her thoughts ; but sho lmd dwelt more than usual upon tlio cave this last night. Long after our conversation about Ethel sho suid : "Brother, do. you'. re member tho pretty things wo carved iii the wall of tho cave. .There was a piece you marked ia black that I never had time to finish. Only a littlo moro and it would be all finished," and later on sho said, " We have forgotten, all about poor caw; I wonder if ho would know me ngaiu and cdmo on my snoulder if f called." . ' \- With theso recollections coming to my mind, T ran nnross tho downs. Thore was only- ouo way to tho cavo that he know ; tho way by which .wo had left it. together, and that way ! know sho would try" to return by — not reason ing that the water - must long sinco hayo sllfed up' the tunnel. I wont dowu the gap; to my consternation the water was up, aud after fol lowing tlio shore' eorao distaqco I whs pre vented by tho sea from going further. > ' I ran back, up the gap, andoloug the oliff in frenxied haste. Beyond Headman's Point I lookeddown. Tho light had' so faded that/ tould Irirely distinguish the fraguieiits of cliff strewed on the: shore from tho foam of tho water beating amidst thorn. Prceeutly I stood on thocliff just over thooiveru ond traiued my eyes iu the dark chaoa of nicks anil water bolow. It was there, we had como out into tho open day. A few 'jackdaws wore wheeling, round half way down; their ory was to rno a terrible omen. Then gulping down my choking emotion I oallod, for the last time, ; ' ' "Psycho ! Sister 1 Door-Psyche !" It may havo beets no moro thou imagination, and yet n cold'awo chilled- ino to the heart as there seemed to fall upon my ears that swelling rise arid plaintive fall of toe iEoliah soug of my ""Is' r'rusbolf'tarij along, the 'cliff I met sjr ""3-ood God, man' !" ho/ criod, " What Is the matter, yoh look lileo o ghost of youreolf,'.'- i. Poor Payoho In w>wn toora X alisireroai through my sobs/still ranmngv- ' ;(»? ' .» M-Wbftfc do you raeaa, 'Xh8fib? lieaskAd, his voi'cs almost as brokon as mine. - _ _ : " She has triod to'-get back- to the cave — know it, I know it! and the water has come ut> " " (!| ! " Oh God, havo I this to answer for, too I" k\Yo looked into the . water like madmen, and , vvadod and ewaro till the point was roundod, and theiiwo got upon too sand aud again till we r'S-qiiongitfie groat ; bouldersiund ragged fragments of tba'fallen cliff. - ' _ - . "Add there wo found hor-just a Uttle beyond -toe reCedtag'WAtsraTn.'berdqbbl.ed dress. . Hek jn.u were clasped- tightly upon tho atang of .shollsl. liad put about' her nock in"daya-whon- sho knoyr no pain ; and now inher sweat child's fqeq there was the tamo expression of innocent joyit had worn then. I trust in God'e'mcrey that at the last sho forgot that there is suffering in this world, and died with tho happiest memories she knew,. . . ' CHAPTER XXIV. ' TUB BXriATlpg. ' She lies In too churchyard at Ecolesham;. On too stone over hor -grave thore is oner- -word, " Psyche"— no more, . Hor loss was a torriblo blow to all who had known her. Even my grandfather hobbled up to the grave oa wo left it and dropped in too flowors ho had gathered for that nurposD. But the ono mast prostrated was Sir Henry Duncan. Ho loolcod uke a, man who novot siepfc. Morally and physically, ho soomod unahlo to hold up his head, and walkad as if ho had risen from a bed' 'of sickness against - Bis wish. HU oondition perplexed Ethel as much as it alarmed her ; it was less a mystery to me, for X was per. fecuyeure.that in.some. way ho, was rosponmble forPaycho's wasted life. - He has atways suffered :from occasional flts- of dejection,?' Ethel ' said to njo. u And hitherto I havo boon able to civo him relief. But now my efforts faiT; itsocms aeif he did not licar my voice, I.wish you could porsuado him to havo medical adrioo;" Finding him alone in the park that evenine. X told him what she had said-/ ' Yes," he said, . «V(tia time I did eomothiug I can't go cn lika this, --blighting the happiness of- all- 1 love. You', will bo over early to morrow morning ; toll her I have gonoto cotf- aiiit tho best physician I know, and shall act on his advico no matter what, it Ik. I can't toll her niyqplf ; slie'd ask questions, and I havo never told hor a lie." ' Ho was absent too uaxt day, and.I told Etool what ho had promised: to do btit I know that be had gone no further than too- rocks where Psyoho perished, and that cousdeuce -was too only physician whine guidance ho sought and intended tofolibw. V»e mokhimiutho oven- ing . qs he . was coming librae,; his liahds behind' hiiu, his obiii sunk on his breast. , : , , : . .. ."I've socn Win,, lbye/'/io, said, taking (Ethel'S hand with more tondornoss fhaB'he had .lately displayed. " Says I need chango. . Tells me I mast go away as' soon as possible.!" - "I thought ho would advisa tlmt," Ethel eaid. " Wliarbahnll wego f"- ' " I shall go alona," ho said firmly : and then with on abrupt ohaogo, " wheu shall you be- married f" " It Is. almost too oar-ly to think'of that," sho replied, looking down et toe crapo ou hor dree,.'. ; " I aupposo conventional cqiiaideraiions must be etadiell even iu n quiet wedding, I should havo liked to wait una! you are married, dear", bat I don't think I'tunst delay this journoy. I -want- to avoid anything- like a parting, " ho continued after puusu, " and so if I don't- put 'In an appcaranoe cats rnorniiig - you must not bo JlTftPmftflr . "Kfv . fc'flinr U rvifnitm ilnsri trffJi haro ypungateis next.wcck— perhaps I sholl go then, perhaps before, aa.I can't stand children. Any; Lo w, ! shall riot say good-hyo to yon." One night at'tha end of toe week after Iliad parted from Ethel,- ' I found Sir Henry hi the drive where be waited puiposeiy for me. - "J want totalk' to you, he-said, "lot us go on -to - tho Downs This- path is tho most? direct." Wo turned from thqdrivo, and,waltbd inetienoetoron«h toeshadeU? .'. " Do you boliove in expiation, Thorno ?'.' .he asked, suddenly.. ' . : : " If you mean reparation for injury dono-l-I began. Ha intarmptiid me impitlontty, uThflrn nra Jimnn iniiirinfl th it «nn "nnw? Yta repaired; Do you belicro that a man may got liis squl out of hell by - all' act of tolf-aacrifice— thatiswhat I neau.". : ' " Ne. To -injure oiiosolf for -Haviug injured another doublre the oit'inoe." If a man may . cry, quite with 'society when ho.hos served km term in-, gaol -.for .brooking aociety's laws, .why should uob a' ruasl's con science beat peace whim ho has inflicted upon himself tho punishment he deserves. How else is -he' to got his soul out of that, hell wherel too vulture of reproach tears at it night and by? There is no other way by -which ne may hope \- to meet thoso he lores hereafter. . i But for that 'fear of something after death.'" he oontinncd in. a lower tone, spoaklng to bim> self rather than addressing roe', " tho fear, of finidlagbno pqle-haircd, sweet-faced child, and but'fortho hope of meeting, my dear daughter, ascapq from this purgatnry would bo easy ana quiwrenOiigb." — ' \- - Tbopark wae bounded by' a deep ditch. Wo leapt. it; but on the other side Sir Henry stopped os .if it hod reoallcd something to his luiod, and. instead of striking across tho Downs, oa had socmod hie intention, ho followed, tho edge of the ditch till it ran into a deep cleft iu . tlio cliff, where the'ii ruiuago was carried off. The cleft' was deep, hut still not inoro than six or eight feet wido at" toe' surface/ and it grew doepor as' it wont .down to the' oiitlet ou tho shore. Following the cleft for some twenty- paces Sir Henry stopped lit a point where the turf B'nowed that a loml of liiuo had been thrbwii there. :-. _ /- " I had limo shot in," he said, " hscansa there is sometliing dead and putrid down there. Foter Beamish la down there. I shot , him through too head that night— you remember1'" . 11 Tm thnfc thff rrim« mil lintcrninffin iirtuitlfi'!' ,Ia«ked. ' ' ; Ho laughed lioawely. ' 44 Grimo ; hb ev- claimod. " I think no more of - shooting ih»t cunsod villain through tho head tliaii 'if ho hud boon a mad dog." , '. . v. :M . '; Ho kicked a clod down the cluft, and, as it fell with u thud on the lime Hut covered old I'ater,'he said? 44 Fancy a. thing liko thata vUe, ignorant riiffmn of ninety uud odd, keeping mo tindor his thumb for a ao/.on years, holding me at his mercy, threutening my'daiightor with -life-long dbgruce. With a fittfu more wit he might have trtkon evory penny of my ill-gotten fortirao from me. ; You uut know by this time thut 1' am the raau who gave bira that chest to auik out at sea. Every meeting we hud was m tho dark, nud under a diflgufoo I lclicrcd ho could iiotreaognieomo— but no did. Ho was used to ,tho itignt. It wns part of his oM bu&inesd; to penetrate dieguiee aud know what sort of a'rnnn ho had to do with Ho told me how-thoy litid dlaoovoreil her and brought htr to life. But no bribe would induce him to give hor upto mo ortull uio whorol could find her. Pcrliaua your grandfather's merer had tomolhing to do with that. Ho thought maybe Ouit iiaviug tried to destroy hor once I only wanted to got iter ag u'ii to do tho doed olTectuuIly. For twelve years thut went ou. -Then I edwT your advertisoiueiit In '.The: Timti end nnswerod it through a firm of solicitors iu liondou. When I ieiuui from thorn that the girl you had found wiuthe ehiM I had triod to murder I lost my hbud, and Potdr Beamish coming to mo at that very moment for monoy, and with his usual throats of exposuro, I dettod him to produce tho girl, 'and so liko a fool put him ou thc acent. lie had.toM mo that the child was a stout, healthy wench iu ecrvico as a barmaid ; I expected to And her vulgar, coarse, robust. You oiu iiuagiiio the shock when I hoard tho truth; and found the, sweet, frcdh little thiuu whose wasted life I had to answer for. God knows I did not meau to bury hor ahvo. You ask why I tried to kill the child I I .have brought you hero to tell. Not. that I may excuso myself/ but) that M m.ty lofscii tlio child'.s idiaiuo whtiu tho truth ia known. ' I married iu direct dofluueoof my fathiris' wish. Ho diwuhrrritcd me. I— u fiuondthrift. and uocrdo-wen." who had never occupied myself with one,' sorious coosidoratiou, fouud myself uuuble to earn a living. My wifo died . Ethel was etok, . My dost guiuru was paid for tho advico. of a'phyeician. He decbirrd , Uiat Ethel.- could be saved by being . bikeu- to 'Madeira for a time, but could juver live .through the winter in this cliamto. At f hist j.mcluru my father iilod, loavi&g; every tiling to an adopted infant, for ho, like mc, wus a friend - less, uulovabh) man. By a i4mnge coincideiico tho adopted child was weak— not ecprcted to outlive childhood. My father. know this, and left bis fortune lo ber with a roversion tome, simply as a tnaius of prolonging my puuinh raenta fow years. And now thisueHfinu was presented to mo : should I suffer toy owii child tb die when X might save b<r Hfe by. dedroyiug the child .who doea not expect tb livo ? ' 1 did' not h'eritato an instant. My child was oveiy thing to mo, thsotbArw&s; uothing'to atiyl>ody. I stole tho'child, and as I- believed took her life away with opiate I boiioved that she was dead whea l gave hen into tjiol handa of Fetcr Boamiah/..May God dijny mo meroy tf this Is untrue!' He paused, aud thjn.iu,a softened .tono ho said, 4 X do not wish to. exonerate my self. Time will. show that I havb.paid the penalty for' tho woo I brought hpon pborUii V'. . f - , :Cu' / .... ; He did not return to .tlio 'Chasm-: : Ethel tried to .beliov that hbr.iathor -peokiog ivlief fro'iu. physicl autfcriug abpwd,;f \ A- mouth Sasscd, aud we heurd no tidmgot him ; ,Oub ay. my ffrondfathertcamo ,tb mo, witha scared loot labia faoo. ' l..; , 44 Sonny,1 "he said, 'fa .hcidonhg tono. he had learned from his father, tl You4ro got to come.alooff of tne. You're got to put on' your hataud asKuo questions, but just take what rvogottbglvoyouaa wugoosalbqg.'1 ... L I put on my hat and went out . with him. Wb turned in the direction of Uie HpIf way, -houso. > M I don't; see much good in riifortuiug,' ho lh»gan as wo trudged along, " 4f Seems t>> nib if | Vod . gb/a ' bit . cut . o y<eqr ;.rikb bourfo at thp ' lust'eraH not all'' tho tracts ridd total aodtczoia vi ...vst.'v " V'.. ; 'V: '<?' /J<r.\,f tipg tn lii'oaiuft going to put you .sirdigtit ageh." 7 , "" 44 What's tho matter ?H I askod.'' . 44 You speak when yvi'rc Bpokoto,ufmd not afore, .eon'uy; or you'll go v/vo'ng like the rest" of tlio faiiihly.M7 . ifhving ;\Viilkcu oh aoino' dis- tancqin silence to let this Warning oink In ho re'couiihcnccd : ' ' ; 44 Iduu' no'.v what's tho use on it all. Hcfo'a father been out on the loose over a month and jusvercomoamghmo ; it don't signify anything that I aiu't touched bo much ns iwo-peunorth, arid been cockiu' my oyo up at the textca nil the while— bore's raoro troubfo,' 'S if it7 warn't onough Uroamin' every night of tho ybung 'un. and wukiji' up-all a sfiiyor and a sweat tiunkin' I'dfoigot to soud down her victuals, Ifcgots ovor tne that do 1 " -Ho stopped — his old ohin twitched, and : ho looked out ovor tho sea with blank do jection; Tho sight- of his cottage; roused hum Ho turned his quid over, and, ' knitting his brows, said r ' v r 7 44 You'im got to go down in that cavo again, sonny." ' - j \- I stopped short, ',ch Mod to tho heart at tho ; very thought of roviritiug tho secue of poor; Psycho's captrvity, . » " ' 44 Come on--you'ro -got to- go," ho sold, " doggedly, 44 I'd go myself if I'd got the '' strenffth. and it ∈'t tha fpar nf nnf: mmln «<n 1 ogen stops mo aoithcr. I'd know what's the ! good'o/ a old. foliowhliko uoahanging on in ; this world;" - " ; . j "Who is dov/u there?" I asked, the truth flashing upon mo. < 4? He's aowu tharo— Sir Hciiry Duncan." i 44 How long has ha been there ?" v. 44 A month, sonny. HoCauio'to me and told ; mo I should have the old cottuge a )on« ns I lived if I- served him as I served tho younjj 4 an. And seem it was kinder right ninY pious ho < should do by himself as others luid been done by through him I agreed- to it Diiy'by .day I've : whistled to him — well, as near as I could liko t Whistled to her:; but thero wacn't no pretty ' song come back; ho: emptied the bucket; though alt right, .but with Mover a souud, till it oomoyesterday, and all day long I was calling ; rohimanda whiatliug, :but no answer come, and this morning tho victuals (s in tho bucket Just ; I left'em. 8o you've got to -go down, 5 eonuy, nudaee whut'a uraitta. V- ., X went down sick with apprehension and the « dul! pain of awnkonrd memories. Onco moro I lit u candle : and groped aioflg thb;possage into tho shadowy cave..- , . , . . - . \- "X found him stretched but «iond upon Psycho's : bod with the .evidence- of Psyrijo's life about; him. In tho alcove over his head hung stripes \ of tha coloured rags sho lmd hung thoi'u ; in tho ; wall the -scroll she cut; in the saud.a print of) her little foot," "What pmco,' wliafc menu emiltlj he havo found more-fitting for his terrible ok-' piatfom' ' : t 0 ' . 1.-# . Tlio clouds have 'lifted ;tbe »iin shiite.< now. - Etheltsmy wifo,- and when 1 hold her hand iuj mino .1 foeli that X qiossess all the happuwHst hcavxji cau give, » lA«t tnght'werlmgorod. long. in. -the garden; 'ffuro ilia n Ifnilnlnn. iniln/1 II I .. "J1 l»»iJI , ' I.IIU IIUAVCIU flneq with stare, and wo watched . thaiu iuj eilnnt-heppincii.; -V" ,. f 1 " Hush!" ; muimuced Etiiol, stopping. Did you' hsar it ' ' ! Afaiut sonnd far away Tosa 'oml fell, and so- died away im|iereoptibly. i , -."There it is again,!' . sha :' whispered i- low.1 " It is the ilret mghtiagalo i" I - i ' It soaudod- to my- eqr ..like .tlio - lont' ve.'no of Psyclio tinging of, .the now liajqiimsej oi. a n«v»' world. ... ' : r'- . , ; 'i'rt B ISr-ri ,. ' : 