THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Hovil. Pautomiine, " Ciuderclla." —Alexaudfft Theatre. ''Judge Not." —Princes*' Theatre. " Thai Doctor Cupid." —Opera House. " Fuu ou the Bristol.'' —Wisworks Aufi Museum. A Hut of Novelties. —Sc. Gaorqe's Ha 11. Ooqill Bros. —Cvelorama. 3Jattle of Waterloo. —Victoria Hall. Variety Company. —Perry Kyan is having local sours written. —"Waleo aud Adson showing iu Ballarat vith success as " Walsb aud King." —There has beeu ao addition to the house of Harry Cogill—a Due little sou —Mies Olive Uerkeley umde quite a bost of friends during lier recent trip to Adelaide. —What on earth catno over tbe CogilJ U rot bore that tbey should advertise a beauty show ? —Amongst this week's advertised artists at one of our bill's are a " Miss Uou-tevlh aud Miss Glare." But, there, whiu't; in a mono ? —Cora M'Gan, Jimmy Slarsb, taly, Warner and a few others have returned Irom Stawoll, Ararat aud Daylesford. They did not come back millionaires. —O'Neill bas a big advantage over the average Irish comedian, for, in addition to being a first-class eoiuediau, be bas a voice, which be kuosvs bow to use, aud binge a rattiiug Irish song. —Mr. K, C. Aspinall is mentioned in English papers as making a capital" doctor's boy" iu a play ealled "Tbe ltalloon.'' Oue enthusiastic critic eaye that bia humour is worth going miles to see." —A serious tnitbap bae occurred at ibo Abb field Recreation Ground6. Mr. Wyhtrd, lbe wdl-kuowu theatrical, was Jjandliug a revolver when it exploded, and tbe bullet lodged in bis leg. —The Ecrahl of Friday last notified tbo fact that tbe Hodson-Vi'ruoii compauy would on tbat eveuing play ".Savourneen Deelisb." This is deelishious, but, not if tbe management know it, dear boy. —We are to lmve another visit from Frank Lincoln at an early date. What about tbe prize for tbo tille ? Suppose he's coming back to baud tbe cheque over to the fortunate winner. He's had time to maue the selection, anyhow. —Miss Alice Davenport has just returned from Adelaide having fulfilled a short engagement. A Tew nights ago she narrowly escaped what might bave proved a surious accident, owiug to a portiou of tbe 6tage giving way. —Wbftt a bewilderiug aud beautiful idea tbe management ol " Tbe Little Folks' Festival " conceived iu eugagiug Jack Hurke, "the Irish lad," and l'oier Xewton, etc. Our little boys aud girls are beiug legally looked after. —Friedman, of the World's Novelty Company at tbo Victoria Hall, is out with a circular to fashionable Melbouroe, setting forth the fact that he is pn pared to find taleut, d'C , for high-toned garden parik-c, &c.; He bas not yet received tbe patronage of tbe Hum o' 'Opetoun. —lcis really time some of our daily papers bestirred themselves in connection with our minor shows. The uoticcs that appear from time to time are of the mo6t ludicrous character. Hang it all, the least they might do is to send around a man occasionally, and see that be goes. —The country people have a big treat in store for themselves, as Dan liarry intends playing seasons of Irish seusation drama—" Arrah na Pogue," Tbe Colleen Bawu," "The Sbaugbraun." Tbat everythiug will be done in tip-top style may be gathered from tbo fact that Mr. Barry is specially eugagiug tbe well-kuown Irish comedian, Mr. J. P. O'Neill. was supposed to bo burnt became ignited, aud it wa6 with the utmost difiicuhy that she was rescued. Several o[ those who assisted in ihe rescue were severely hurt. —It's really time that tbo mushroom management businoss was played out. The poor player has trouble enough, indeed, aud besides, there's jute as uiuch fuu iu walking about doing notniuR, lor which nothing in the way of paymont is expected in returu, as there is iu studying parts, buutiDg up props, (and poetibly refusing good engagements) bud learning that " we're very sorry, dear boy, but there's no sugar," —When highly-collared aud pateut-leathered mashers loiter around metropolitan music-halle, gaily twirling their comesiiqned moustaches, and anxiously enquiring " Does Miss Tottia de Muggins leave tbo orl tiy this hentrance, haw i" it's, haw! ]ust about time the gifted mauagemeut utilised its, bawl massive brains, deah boy, by calling iu the aid of a constable to enforce the move-on clause. Haw I donchernol —The football business in the pantomime is just a trifle rough ou Mr. Dampier. The idea was unquestionably his, aud was mentioned in Melbourne l J L'Ncn before tue opera at the Alexandra Theatre. We stated, too, that it was Mr. Dampier's intention to make a feature of this 6cene iu his new drama; however, the plain fact remains that the pantomime people have used ic, and bo taken the wind out of the Dampier sails. How tbi6 will affect the Alexandra productiou remains to be bobu, but we fancy Alfred is too much ul a geucral to piu bis laitb to any Eecond-liaud sensations. -A Melbourne weekly says that the M'Mahons, with a company consisting mainly o( the Londou Pavilion Co. brought out by W„ (J. and M. to the lioyal, have been plajiug "The Bells of Hastiuore ' to good business at Sandhurst. This is a slight error. W, G. aud M. did uor bring over the l'aviliou Co., uor have the M'Mahoue anything to do with this variety show, aud,further, there is no such piece as the "Bells of H&stuiere.;" The i'avilion Co. were engaged in Loo dun by Jack Suiith for Fred Hiscocke. "The Belle of Hualewure" is iuteuded, probably litis a typographical error. —Playing iu Dick Turpin up country lbe other night a Mr. Warner (uo relation to Charles) did a splendid fall. On tbo second nigtii instead of "knocking ' the audience be knockDd himself, aud came down wollop. Now, it strikes us that on the first occasion it was more by good luck than good management that Mr. Waruer (uot Charles) came out whole at lliu drop of the c irtain, anil if Mr. Warner (not Charles) will lake our advice ho will, ere going iu for future falls, have a fuw rehearsals with eceues aud props—that is, with the domestic leather bed. Hack falls are at all limes somewhat difficult, and one of the best at lh<' performance we remember ever having seeu was Mr. W. (J. Carey as Matthew Elmore in "Love's Sacrilice." —Tin) Jtellriiigers aro hooked for jioualla to-morrow then Vnrrawuuga and 1) jaiib'-vurtli. — Whitburn in n-nv Kuceessfuliy singing a parody on "Travolliug Hick to Dixie," emitted "Travelling Back with Xixou." Tile ocn«r i-vflniug tbu redoubtable sergeant was present.. and nobody enjoyed the turn more than Tut 11 Nisou, tlw popular detective. — Sir. Fred Peaiiiuout (whose Marionette performance pruved suuh a successful item at the littln folks'Festival) about lo EinrL ou tour. All ihe fanbiouahle ports of — Mr. Kreitmayer ib to be congratulated on the gool honses he has huuu haviugat bis W'axworks and Mun>-um of late. Hut wo supposd hu dot's not get biB " drawers " for uoLbiug. Kalypso aud tbe Syrens muse have cost a pretty penny to put on. This newest abd inosl beautiful ot iliueiou6 should uot be missed by anybody. How the figures are manipulated so as to describe tbeir graceful movements iu midair is beyond tbecomprehension of tbo uniuiiialed, and I'rovo is adding fresh acts to hie always extensive rcpcrtuirc almost every day. He now does a fine performance on the wire, and follows without a inoment'6 delay with a serieb of jugfzling feats and Indian jndoogaii, iu which the uinrvolJuueis more than reached all aluag the lino. Tue B : uging aud daucing of the youug6t«rs are as good as ever. —There are some theatrical people in our midst, and amongst tbem, to ebetr credit be ic said,a large mustering of variety artiste, who are walking about Melbourne doing nothing lor one all-sufiiciont reason. Tbe smart man who "knows all aboutiL" balances bis chin in the palm ot his left baud and ejaculates, 'Humph 1 there can't be much in Simpkius auybow, or be .wouldn't be walking about doing nothing so long. Surely some of our managers would have picked bim up before this." The true Btate of affairs, however, is tbat the SimpkiUBes walk about doiug iioihiug lor tbe simple reason that tbey are holding out for asalary, uotan uncommonly large one either, but a fair wag**, wmlet tbe ToujpkinBos for about half or a quarter of tbe sum fill up the vacancies. Had we our way with those "great successes,'' well, it would be a bad day for G.S.'s. Tbe sooner the "groat buc- C06SC8 ' are oflered leughty engagements in a foreigu country the Iwiier lor geuuioc artists, whose occupation iu Melbourne at pruseut, cousiste mainly in adorning tbe sidowalkB. —From papers forwarded us from Penaug.we get news of Madame Cora. They go on to say tbat the highest compliment we can pay Madame Cora is to Bay tbac in every luslauce&he; appeared perfectly at home,and that tiie most intricate illusions wero goue through with the greatest and most graceful precision we have ever witnessed. Although carrying ou the wbelo programme from begiuuiog to end by herself, Madame Cora manages by her tact and command of language to sustain the iutereetof tbeaudietice throughout,so tbat tbe entertainmoot never becomeR dull. Legerdemain in Madame's hands Is cogent iustruction and auiueing; and in this, ae wo) 1 as in the tact IbatMadutne passes rapidly from one thing to another—for there are no watts—lies in igreat part lbe lady's power to bold bcr audience epell-bound as il were lor two hours. With Madame Cora magic is as different from that of tbe ordinary itinerant iVo/eesrtrti who visit us occasionally as Hamlet would be iu the bauds of a schoolboy opposed to Harry Sullivan. Altogether the entertainment was a genuiuely good one and should have been witnessed by everybody. Madame Cora, we hear, will shortly leave for AuBtrali", a country which she has made a Uiud of second home, aud where ber name is a household word. Her visit to the East, India. Hurmab, China, Japan aud Java, although a success professionally—for the support has been liberal and the reception cordial—has been almost barren of novelties iu her line of business, which was tbe tnaiu object Madame was in search of to Lake back lo the South and West. TNR. Alphabet. » A stauds for AppleLou, who round the country eaila; 13 for Brough and Uoucicault, just now in New South Wales; C e Laud s for theCoRi J Is, Cop piu, Cat heart (dear old Jim); D for Dampier, Darrell (Heavens l we muBt mention biLur, I'] for(Heury) J3dwards, whoso brilliantly has shone; F for Flemming (Herbm), who'gainBt all can hold his own; G for Garner, Greville. Grattan lliggB and many more; H the Holloways ind Harwood, pets as iu days of yore; I stands for Ireland, a pro. Australia owns; J for Jenyns (Hssie) and Jone6 (that's B. N. Jones); K for Kelly (l^dwiu), once with tbe Only Leon; 2j for the Lrwis b (wo the G. h. W.'e mean); M for tbe Musgroves, Milns, MacMahons and Maggie Moore ; N for tlic Nonentities, tbe howling amateur; 0 for 0 Neill, of Irishmen the cream ; P for Pollock, Phillips aud for Pomeroy, all supreme; Q for Quiu, for Marion Quin, we loved once when a mite; K stands for Rignold, the hero of limelight; S for tbe Stewarts, tor Sheridan and for Sass; T stands lor Titheradge, a utau we can't surpass; U stands for Urp, u man ne'er out of tune; V of course iB Viuceut, who proceeds to Gnglaud soon W for Williamson, Willie, Warner, ayel and Ward ; X for tbe xccJlence with which they 7 re all adored ; Y for Young (for Charlie Young our love is undimiuidbed); Z the Zavi6towiskiB, aud the Zeplius, and—er—we've fiujshed. —About Music Ilalls —The nearest approach to Heaven tbat we can boast of ou earth is a Metropolitan music-hall rehearsal, and the most civil and obliging individual imaginable on the face of the globe is a mueich≪ mauager. The ladies and gentlemen comprising the company never crowl or grumble like other common people, end are in short tbo happiest of families. Tbe leading muBician, too, is looked up to, belovod, adored and generally worshipped by the reBt of the company. Should an arrangement of music bo requirea the musician iB in frantic haste to oblige tbe lady or gentleman requiring his services. Tbe "chorus of beautiful ladios," christened by vulgar people " chair-warmers," arc civil and obliging to a degree, they never gabble gabble about each other, tbey never sing out of tune aud never auger any of the solo vocalists. The principal comedians and lady and gontleman vocalists are ever oh the look out for specialties of & new and startling character with which to surprise audiences, and the ondmen spend many weary days in unearthing new jokes, gags and conundrums. The stage-hands always nave full dress, scenic and props rebearaalB and never run on any wings or fiats wrong end up. The sight at rehearsal, as seen by ihe light of das is ft treat to the uuinitiated, the compauy are ranged acroee the stage, ihe "chorus of beautiful ladies " bringing up tbe rear. A smile of supreme happiness lights up aod adorns the conductor's countenance, and the mauager, generally a man of stupendous and massive brain power, whose bulgingbosoiu unconsciously proclaims Ms importance, gives a kindly nod of recognition and a cheery good morning to everybody from tliebea"titu1 *od bewitching ini't'.a donna down to tbe Btage " supe." After the e naiutaiions the rehearsal commence*, tbe only thought of all being the day's business, aud so wrapt up are they in their work tbat it is on record that ou one occaeion the whole company, forgetful of the fact that it wafe salary day, actuiHv finished rehearsal, invoked tbe usual blessing that Providence would kindly watch over protect aud guard and guide the manager throngh ail trials, troubles and tribulations, left for home, never dreaming of the "filthy lucre.' It is only fair to say tbat from enquiries we have made, we are able to s'ate without fear of any contradiction that this never happened more than once. At times swellishly attired young men and barefooted lads hang about ibo stage door anxious to get a glimpse of tbe bright shining star, Ui£B Wotsernaim, and when she emerges they uudgo each other in tbeir intense fxcitementand awe-etrickeo whisper," That's 'er, Mies Thingumbob." Of course many a time and oft it eo happens that the tailor's models and email lads are a little out in their calculations and instead of beiug the utar it happens to be one of the maoy > beauuful chorus ladies," Mjbs Montmorency De St. Jenkins or as she was familiarly known when at school in the suburbs, Tilda MuggiuB. —Tbo Adelaide Press Is loud in its praise of " Little Lord Fauntleroy." —Dan Harry's Company about to open in Geelong in tbp Red Rag." TIIIB should kinder unnerve the Moorabull people. —Mr. Cunard having terminated hiB engagement at the Waxworkb, is about to proceed to Sydney, special arrangements having been made, and hi6 services secured lor Solomon's Temple. —Jolly Nash, the two Mlchaele, Harry Carroll and the remainder of the HiscockB' Pavilion Company passed tbrougl) Melbourne on Monday last.tm rontr to Adelaide, where they will have comic opera as opposition. —Siys tbe Warrnambool Standard anent the "New Magdalen":—Miss Alice Player bad a difficult part to sustain in the character of Mercy Merrick, the girl who has been grosBly wronged, and who in her turn commits an unjust act in depriving Grace Roseborry of the home that should have neon hers. Miss Player gave a true pourtrayal of the character, and at tunes her acting was eo realistic that the audience was held spell*bouud, and this was especially 60 in the scene wbere she rises to a B6B86 of the injury she baa inflicted. She certainly possesses great ability, and the audience were not Blow in showing their approval of her effortB. —The Majeronis first appearance in Calcutta, at the Corinthian Theatre, before a large audience on 23rd of November, supported by a company of amateurs, in "Jealousy," was not altogether approved of, but an ably written article in one of the leading journals, tbe Matesman, speaks in the most enthusiastic toms of tbe acting ol the two principals. That of Signor Majeroni is eulogiBed as combining dignity of manner with refinement, suppressed feeling, repose of strength and subtle beauty; and that of his accomplished wife as presenting " a model of excellence for finished acting and sensibility," blended with aristocratic elegance, delicacy and the power of expresBing tragic passion, without overstepping tbe modeBty of nature. Tbe appearance of both artistes in "Fedora" was being looked forward to with great interest. i at the liend of Affaire expect? Why, tbe Saturday night yielded only two jiOiaids nineteen shillings. Tbe remarkably mild manner in which tbe management set about advertising was in itself enough to "choke off" playgoers, and kill the beet show on earth. Certainly, if it did nothing else it effected a great saving in gae, for the doors, owing to want of nourishment, were closed every night of "tbe season," with the exception of two or three. There is an old proverb that— And, well, the Hiberniau Co. did 7»of rise. They bust to such an extent that the anxiou6ly-looked-forward-to salary day never arrived, and this at Christmas end New Year's time, too. Take tbi6 to heart, picture it, aye 1 aud think of it, ye aspiring anil ambitious amateur. Paesiug the hall while "the show "was being "advertised," we were simply horror-struck to find a piece of white paper pasted on the board outBide, and written in blue teadpcncil, the announcement that" Conn the Sbaugbraun " would bo played on such and such a nigbt. bythe-way, what about tbe patronage or the Hibernian Society? That didn't eeecu to count.for much, anyway. Of the show itself it was excellent, and the few who did attend wore simply delighted; still the bare fact remains that no ghost walked. To the ladies and gentlemen com* prising the company we extend our 6incerest sympathy. Hut, alas! it takes a deal of sympathy 'to sweeten a cup of tea." —The London interviewer has now taken a firm grip of the earth's greatest showman, liarnum. Tbe story of The EgresB has often been told, but here it is in Ha.rnuui'6 own words'.—" Early in tbe following March I received notice from BO MO of the Irish population that ibev meant to visit IDP iu great numberson ' St. Patrick's Day in tbe morning/ 'All right,'said 1 to my carpenter, 'get your egreBS ready for 17th March;' aud I added to my assistant manager, 4 if there is much of a crowd don't let a single person pa6s out at the front, eveu if it were Sr. Patrick himself; put every man out through the egress in tbe rear.' Tbe day came and before noon we were caught in the same dilemma as we were on the fourth of July; the Museum was jammed, and the sale of tickets was stopped. I went to the egress aud aBked the sentinel how ujauy hundreds had passed out. 'Hundreds ' he replied. ' Why,only throe persons bavegone out by this way,and they came back, saying that it was a mistake and begging to be let in again.' ' What does this mean ? 1 inquired; 'surely thousandsof people have been all over tbe Museum siuco they came in.' ' Certainly,' was the reply, 'but after (liey had gone from one saloou to another, and have been on every Door, even to the roof, they come down and travel the same route over again.'' At thi6 time I espied a tall Irishwoman, with two good-sized children, whom I had liappened to notice when they came early in the morn* ing. ' Stop this way, madam,' said I, politely,' you will never be able to get into the street by tbe frontdoor without crushing these dear children. We have opened a large egress here, and you can pass by these roar stairs into Ann-street, and thus avoid all danger.' 'Sure,' replied the woman, indignantly, 'an' I am not going out atall.atalJ, norths children aither, for we've brought our dinners, and we are going to stay all day.' Further investigations showed that pretty much al) of my visitors had brought tboir dinners, with the evident iuteution of literally ' making a day of it/ No one expected to go home till night; the building was overcrowded, and meanwhile hundreds were waiting at the front entrance to get in when they could. In despair I sauntered upon the stage behind the scones, biting my lips with vexation, wheu I happened to see the scene-painter at work, aud a happy thought struck me: 'Sere,' I exclaimed, 'take a piece of cauvaa four feet square, and paint on it, as eoon as you can, in large letters, " TO THE bGRESS." Seizing his brush, he finished the sign in fifteen minutes, and I directed the carpenter to nail it over the door leading to the back stairB. He did so, and as the crowd, after making the entire tour of tbe establishment, came pouring down the main stairs from the Third story, they stopped aud looked &t; the new sign, while some of them read stopped audibly, and looked 'To at tbe the Aigress/ new sign, 'The while some AigreBB,' of them said read audibly, 'To the Aigress.' 'The AigreBB,' said others; ' sure that's an animal we haven't seen.' and the throng began to pour down the back stairs, only to find that the ' AigreBB' was tbe way out, and that they were iu the street." 