PARISIAN ECHOES. PARIS, 10th May. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The Americans hero, who have claims against the Portuguese Government for kid napping their Delagoa rail way concession, are rough ou their own and the English Government, for their slow-coachistn in not bringing the obstreperous, fat, fnssy, aud patriotic bouncing Lusitanian to book at once. The Ameticans simply want their money, -aud do not care a clamp-shell whether pressing for their cash pulls down the House of Braganza and all the other one-man power dynasties. Portu gal is in a fix; she cannot command the two millions sterling,to 'meet the dual total, due to Uncle Sam and his Anglo-Saxon'cousim Paris jivas the ouly market where Portu gal -had . the ghost of. a . chance to raise the wind. Her attempt. to borrow has ignominiously failed.' The IS3I Dom, Miguelites largely contributed to the collapse m warning the French, by wall posters as big as crumb carpets, that they have not been paid money lent in 1831. Poor -Desdemona 1 As Brabautio warned Othello—' Look to her, Moor; have a quick eye to see; She has deceived her father, and mty thee. Apropos of Portuguese matters, Serpa Pinto, ; since his arrival in Lisbon, is dished up in as many ways for the popular appetite as was Jlocamlole by Vicomte Ponsoudu Terrail. An anecdote of Pinto. He dined one day with King Humbert. Queen Marguerite was charmed with liis eloquent descriptions—for he speaks well. He assured her that he had already, wiitten and pub lished I several romances. The Queen was delighted, aud next day ordered a message to.be wired to the Italian ambassador at Lisbon, to send to Rome a complete collec tion of Serpa Pinto’-s novels. -The ambas sador had all the publishers’ shops in Lisbon searched, but they declared they had never heard of even a line of novel, written or printed, by Pinto. The ambassador was astounded, but he was diplomatic above-nil; so he wired back to her Majesty that the first edition of Pinto’s works was out of print, but that he would forward the volumes without any delay when the second edition appeared. The ambassador is dead since. -. The declaration of Home Minister Cous taus that he was occupied examining the claims of the 5000 wild foreigners engaged iu politically agitating the working classes to continue to be residents iu France, has undoubtedly proved a cold douche for the hot-headed" world-reformers; and • the pos sible retreat of the “ fivo thousand” has sobered even native anarchists.- The latter must not be confounded with the genuine working classes, who despise them; the anarchists must be warned off the labor move ment; uutil the seven devils be cast out of them they cannot be considered as cleansed and fit to fall into the ranks of common sense. The healthy masses owe a chalk to the Home Minister for his hummer and tongs attitude towards such political loafers and social ne’er-do-wells. ’Tis the same with common natures. Use them kindly, they rebel; But be rough as nutmeg graters, . And the rogues obey yo.. well. But it must not be concluded that the honest working classes are either dead or gone to sleep since their trial labor holiday. They are organising for mutual support or federated defence; iu a word, getting into line. And employers are similarly occupied. They would be great fools were they not to do so. When both armies are fully organised, put down as muuy ponies as you please, that instead of fighting they will peaceably regulate their differences. Their 11 hands were never made to tear each other’s eyes.” Help to beat off politicians from ex ploiting either of the Greeks. They were only Mdlieres doctors who claimed to have mort gages for the curing—or killing—of their patients. “0, name the day the happy day.” ’Tis done gentlemen and ladies, M. Guernaz, a national chauvinist writes, that the English will- quit Egypt in 1593. He does not Say by what route, Alexandria, Suakim, or the Cape. He also affirms that France would gain nothing by the evacuation, but, on the contrary, might lose. England has two cards iu her hand to be played against Monsieurs before quitting the Nile Valley; tile sole right to come back if necessary, and accompanied by Tui kisli troops, that which would make Gambetta turn in his coffiu, though his brain is in a bottle iu Paris. Next, requesting as a return compliment, for France to fix her evacuation day for Tunisia. So long as England has the most favored nation trading clause with the Beylicil Government the Freuch protection of Tunisia is a help, uot a hindrance, for her commerce. As for the Egyptian debt conversion, ex cepting, with a few who make the British evacuatiou their fad, the matter excites no attention. Of course all Frenchmen would like to see the English out of the country and themselves in. But they do uot mean to cannonade John Bull away. The Freuch bond holders view his presence there as the best guarantee for the payment of their coupons, aud the Powers do not want to be consulted, may a saving of some thousands a year be applied to the reduction of local land tax ? That’s not diplomacy. M. Pere-Siverd truly says that naval matters occupy promineutattention in France. She aims to be as foi midahle on sea as on laud. This looks like burning the candle at both ends. M. Sivert doubt3 if the French could cope with the Italian navy; were the latter allied to the German and Austrian fleets it would be impossible," while the neutrality of England must be c-unted with. Iu the next war he believes the reprisals for the destruction of trading vessels will take tho form of shelling seaside towns with long range gnus. Fiance would he mad, follow ing M. Sivert, to engage in a maratiine war with England. But lie builds too much on the curtailiug food supplies for the British, in case of war, while forgetting that, whether on sea or land, the next conflict will be of short duration, and that the de feated must pay to the utmost farthing for all the music. 