TETE A TETE. Thus may wo see how the World wags— dr Icu TAe ft The publication of tho Loan Estimated has awakened no little amount of : heart-burning and jealousy on tho part ' or tne central .Division. It 13 tho old -- story retold ! "We are overlooked again 1 in the allocation of this moncv as we f have been or. previous occasions Tho : persistent ignoring of our rightful claims is getting a little monotonous ; Would it not be well just to give u a taste of the Governmental good thin", to see if wc still remember what their flavor was like ? We do not desiro faxotu. All wc ask is our rights, and an equitable share distributed in the Cen- tral District, of the Loan Expenditure of the Government. Now, seeing that the figures arc before us, let us "lance for a moment at the state of the ca«e In the first place, let it ho understood that the statement of the available loan balances, which shows the sum of ' £250, -1SS as allocated to the Central Dis- : triet has nothing to do with tho question at issue. These are allotted, but as vet " unexpended balances from former loans, ; and aro only awaiting the time when the works for which they wcro set apart, shall be accomplished. Amongst . these aro the reconstruction of a portion of the line from Comet tOjJEmerald : Downs, £2-4,251 ; railway eSkteinn from Retreat, £111.880 ; buildiiig.nrt . sjdings, £"1S,G29 ; improvement Pitzrov River, £-45Sl. £c. What we wish to learn is the extent to which the Central ' District has profited under the loan of : £2,20-4,000, which was tloated in March last. Turning to the ' Loan proposals » for 1890-01, t,s ordered to bo printed bv ' the Legislative .Assembly, November Id, 1S90, we find on the schedule onlv one direct mention of the Central Division, viz., under railways, where we road " Central Division, Emu Park line incom plete £15,000. To be sure the Central District would share in the sum voted for " the working expenses and main tenance of dredges for 18 mouths." also under " Buildings," to wit our ns-w Post Office. But if we allow £35-m m ror the former item, and £10,000 A- the latter, we will more than cover all that ' the Central District has received trom the Loan Proposals of 1890-91. viz., £00,000. And yet that eminentlvreason- able journal the Queeuslaiuler desired to affirm aweek or two back, that the dear v self-denying South had been playing a highly self- sacrificing part all through, and if anything had not received a titho of what was her due. "We are always learning, but we have yet to learn how , £60.000 can be esteemed a. fair share to allocate out of the 1S90 loan, to so important a district as ihe Central. Last week I commented very strongly v on the erratic manner in which tho mail steamers between this port and the South have been running of late. During the striko we were, of course, williug and ready to make all duo allowances for irregularities consequent upon the condition in which tho indus trial and commercial worlds then were. But such an excuse does not hold good now, and yet sooth to say, tho erratic character of the mail service is. if any thing, worse now than it was then. Let lis take tho past week for instance. On : Saturday last, after waiting exactly six days, the patient lieges of Roekhamp- v.. ton were accorded a mail per tho ;- JJiirtcah, followed on Monday morning : by another per the Arawtic. Since then, ?w. until yesterday, we were again left vA " mailless," and isolated from all con nection from the outside world, on which occasion we wcro inundated bv another plethora of letters and papers by two steamers, the one arriving in .m:v the morning and the other after- noon! Is this htppy-g i-luelcSftav of . doing business to bo the " use and 14 wont " ot tho future with which \%o aro 1 to bo regaled? If so the. 111 itttr is nothing short of scandalous, ilcio is a large centre of population, approxi mating, with Mount Morgan, to nearly -: 17,000 inhabitants, virtually served b> 4, only one mail per week, for of what | value aro tho two mails to us if they felii both come tumbling in upon us 011 tho same day ? Surely the matter cau "Srsj bo remedied. The fact is that the a steamship company holding tho mail contract is only tied to time as regards . tho delivery of one mail. Tho other ono is loft a sort of open ques> : tion, as to the thno oE arrival, and in fact everything olse, save tho circum stances that tho sooner it gels to its destination the hotter for the people of Rockh'ampton. This 'method of doing business wont do. Jt is is too chaotic. It takes for granted that Rockhampton folk aro such an idyllic, Areadian-liko sort of people that the outsido world to them is n matter of no account. Not much ! We liko to pot our pennies on the Melbourne Cup and the sculling PMitcheB on the Parramatta with tho k of our hoighbors, and tho day's doings of the good folks down South are just as interesting to lis, as ours to them. Thou look at the . inconvenience to business people who have to spend a smallj fortune in telegrams when other wise a twopenny stamp would do every thing. I sincerely trust arrange ments will be mado whereby an additional mail may bo accorded to us — say on Thursday — on. the samo terms as our Monday's mail is received now. # # ; Tho Archer-street Draiu again! Of a truth _ tho Rockhampton __ Municipal Council will rejoico exceedingly when tho nunc dim it is of this interiniuablo contract comes. On Thursday after noon at tho meeting of tho civic fathors tho matter came up again, ovor tho question who was to pay tho men's wages. For tlio contractors to do so was as impossiblo as to ox tract blood from a stone ; for tho sureties to bo compelled to do so would be a task of some "difficulty, as the promiso to pay tho men given by one of those sureties at tlie time the con tract was taken over, was . only vorbal. The only course, open as far as I can see if tho men aro to bo saved from utter starva tion, is for tho Council to pay 'the wages of tho men out of tho monios in hand uuder the contract. Although cor- taiuly tho Council are not logally bound to discharge this liability, I consider they would be doing a vdry graceful act by rescuing a number of innocent, hard working ineu from positive beggary. # # At tho last meeting of the North Rockhampton Council a letter was re ceived from the Under-Secretary, of the Treasury, affirming with regard to the Btatemeut of general ratos col lected in North Rockhampton during tho years 1886-1S90, (which sum it wns alleged had been embezzled by the Into Town Clerk, and on which therefore the Council claimed endowment) that such a claim could not bo sustained. Nor can we blaino tho Treasury. While wo fully sympathise with the Council over their double loss,, yet wo cannot see aivy grounds on which an endowment could be granted. An endowment can only be granted 011 what is actually iu hand, not upon what sums should have been thero, or had in the past been, there. Accordingly if . the Tronsury had mado tho grant on tho sums embezzled by tho late Town Clark of North Rockhampton, they would bo .making -an allowance upon that which actually had no exist ence, which might expose them to serious troa&jlband; misunderstanding. Iwouder tbSljvorth Rockhampton Council made the claim at all in the first instance. '# # Considerable surprise was oxprossed in Nortb Rockhampton at the stoppage of work at the "bore," near that borough during tho past week or two. As tho cessation of operations chauced to be contempor aneous with a visit from Mr. J. B. Henderson, Hydraulic Engineer, not unnaturally was it supposed that such stoppago was tho result of the engineer's visit. But at the last meeting of the North Rockhampton Council, a reply was received from Mr. Henderson de nying that ho had in any way influenced the work, so that tho cause of the stop pago must be sought in some local reason. I am led to understand that the groat depth to which the boro has now been sunk, and the excessively hard strata through which the work lias had to be prosecuted of lato, lias necessitated some delay in order to pro cure stronger "rods" than those recently in use. At the last meeting of the North Rockhampton Council, Alder man Lewis intimated that the work would be resumod within a day or two, so that the worthy lieges of North Rockhampton may possess their souls in peace that the apple of their eye — their boro, is not to be stopped ! , W On Thursday night in the Legislative Assembly, Sir Samuel Griffith moved his long-looked for resolutions upon the Separation question. Of course," we have, as yet, only the condensed reports aB telegraphed from the Parliamentary correspondents of the Rockhampton press to goby, but Btillforallthatlcaiiriot congratulate Sir Samuel upon his effort. There was a tendency distinctly visible to interweave the issues of Federation, with those of Separation, and wo strenuously maintain there is neither relation nor correlation between them. Separation and its offects, are as distinct from Federation aud those results directly attributable to it, as chalk from cheese, and while wo maintnin that Separation may he achieved very much sooner than the Premier reckons, we also uphold, 011 tho other hand, that Federa tion is by no means so noar boing consummated as -bo supposes. Upon both issues wo differ from him our reasons being that, in the former caBOftho under estimates tho progress thoflifeation propaganda has made in theANorthern and Central Divisions, while in the latter I10 over-estimates the harmony prevailing among tho colonies on the subject of Federation.. "Wo have yet to seo tho outcome of this debate and how the vote goesns regards "tho acceptance or rejection of the resolutions, before wo can say whether the Separa tion movements iu both tho Northern and Central Divisions will be advanced or retarded thereby. . # # Tho Liconsing Act is uuder process of amendment iu the Assombly at presont. Mr. .P. O'Sullivau, M.T., A. for Stanley, is the father of a " . 'big Bill of 3 clauses only. -a. ... ,.jpio of which is providing compensation to a publican on the refusal to ronow his license, consequent on a voto of the Local Optiomsts in any district. Tho amqndment is an oxcollont one. To a publican his liconso as much implios vested interests as a leaso holder's lenso. Ho puts certain improvements on his pro perty consequent on his belief that the ieaso of his hotel will bo'renowed as he may dosiro it. Thoreforo if ho bo a decent and industrious fellow, anxious to make his way iu the world, ' ho has every right to havo his interests con served, just as much as any other man in tho community. But of course our temperance friends wont see it in this light. # # # From the report of tho meeting of the Girls Grammar School Scheme this week, I am dolighted to note that the over sight of the erection of tho new edifice) is to bo ontrustcd to such-good hands as Mr. Gaily of Brisbano, and his pupil) Mr. Hockiugs. Necessary, indeed, is it that such should bo tho case if the building is to be tlio ornament to tho town intended by tho trustees. Cor- tuinly tbeso gontlomcu deserve credit- for the zoal with which they aro nursing the affairs of the institution. They havo tho failure of tho previous institution before tliom to servo as a guide to what courso of action should bo avoided and what- adopted, and if tho Girl's High School fail, of ono thing wo may be certain, that it will not bo owing to lack of an eager and sustained in terest, 011 tho part of tho trustees, in all its affairs. # # We have at last Buccooded in arousing the public mind to something like interest Jin its own safety and wolfaro about the dog uuisauco. The number of complaints reaching ub regarding' accidents, actually occurring or- only, barely averted, which aro directly attributable to these yelping curs, would be surprising to evoryone. People scarcely realise the extent of thodangor, when they see a dog running after a horseman and playfully biting at tho horse's heels. They do not take into account the fact that if the horse be n' high spirited animal, ho will probably be come startled aud eithor bolt or shy, perhaps throwing bis rider, moreover, and seriously injuring him. It is the duty of nil pedestrians when they see any dog acting thus at ouco to chastise it, so that it may understand tho practice cannot be pursued with impunity. Then wo call upon the Nuisance Inspector to take note of the vast number ot unreg istered dogs about tho town, that seem to spend their time startling horses and stealing whatsoever may chanco to take their fancy ! # # And so a euro has. been discovered for consumption at last ! If Tarataloid bo really a specific for this dread dis ease, Dr. Koch will have deserved well of the human race, nay, his name will go down to the latost ages of time - with Harvey,, Lavoisier, Biehat, Yirchow, Pasteur, Simpson, and others, as being a benefactor to his species, a scientist who had defeated one of tho deadliest scourges of humanity, in fair and open field. We have heard tho fact, now let us await the results. # # A recent query, says a correspondent, has suggested to me tho folio wing curious bill of charges which was made for re pairs at Winchester Cathedral when that was a Roman Catholic edifice. Here it is : — " To work done — " For soldering and repairing £ b d Saint Joseph' 00 02 00 "Forcloaning and ornament ing the Holy Ghost ... 00 03 06 "For repairing the Virgin Mary before and behind, and for making a new- child ... .... ... 00 0-1 08 " For screwing a nose on tho devil, for putting- a new horn on his head, and glueing a bit on his tail 00 02 06 Giving a total for such exceptional services of 12s 8d. Tho above is not, I am aware, exactly local, but it is de cidedly antiquarian, and may, on this account, be allowed to pass muster. ZINGARO. 