[?] Br J. O. B. It is said that the present Lord Mayor of Lon don, when a young man, was an opera singer, and posessed a fine baritone voice. Although many years have passed since he deserted the stage for the counting-house, his Lordship may still be heard with pleasure in ' The tempeBt of the heart,' or in ' The heart bowed down.' It would seem that during his professional career the 'ghost' did not walk with sufficient regu larity, in other words, it was much easier to sing than to surprise the treasurer when the latter had any money. This is by no means so uncommon as people think. Indeed, in many theatrical combinations, even in our own day, the ghost is seldom to be depended on. It appears to he a tricky, limping, knock kneed spirit that seldom appears when due. Per haps in these latter days the world has seen no greater metamorphosis than that of a professional baritone into a Lord Mayor of London. Whit tington certainly reached that giddy elevation. But that was, years ago ! Besides, he couldn't sing, although from all accounts he had a cat that could. It will be remembered that a couple of months ago, when the traditional show took place, his Lordship was accompanied by a procession of animated nature — the head of the column was elephants and the rear -emus — that made Barnum green with spite. It is impossible to help specu lating on whether the chief magistrate on looking before and after — his vehicle was wedged in the middle — remembered bygones. There is a wide difference between sitting in a sumptuous carriage, clad in -gold, surmounted by a bat of studied eccentricity, and followed by a dozen ostriches carrying young niggers — there is a great difference between this magnificence and heading a posse of Druids in ' Norma,' with a card-board stump for a sacred tree and half the stalls' paper. In this city of Sydney there are baritones, pro fessional and amateur, who, if they could only be persuaded to become Lord Mayors, would please not alone themselves but others. * ' * ' * * For a long time . Australians have been in the dark as to why the sparrow was viewed with such peculiar vindictiveness by the American farmer. The cause has at last come to light. ' The imported English sparrow refuses to eat American insects, and even attacks and destroys the Yankee birds that are -content with such fare. This is trades-unionism of the wont kind. It is carrying things with a high hand to come to a strange country, and not only turn up your nose or beak at the national dish, but persecute those that enjoy it. It is a singular fact, and one which naturalists have so far overlooked, that after the lapse of centuries the domesticated animals of a country seem to acquire some of the characteristics . of the people among whom they and their pro genitors have been bred. Thus a British bulldog, although not half the size of a dingo, would face a dozen of the latter and have half of them hopelessly mutilated before the others had decided whether to bite him or let him be. Then look at the stubbornness of the English donkey. The genus to -which he belongs is by no means a stupid or intractable one, as may be seen in Spain and Southern Italy. But no sooner is the creature brought to Britain and bred for a few generations than it develops all the worst peculiarities of an ass. So with the sparrow apparently. In Corn wall he puts up with slugs, grubs, and insects of every kind. Bring him to Connecticut, however, and nothing but peaches and cherries is good enough for him. How careful people should be not to introduce into their country any creature with too proud a stomach. The parallel might be carried further — might be extended so as to include humans ; but it is as well to let it remain where it is. ft 'ft ft ft At a banquet to Miss Myra Kemble, the ' talented Australian actress, the Agent-General for -New South Wales said that Australia could scull, ring, bat, and box England any day, and would probably soon be able to meet and beat the mother-country on the turf. Then Sir James Fergus son unstintingiy praised the colonies for their noble desire to federate and so avoid periodi cally mauling each other like the States of Europe or of South America. But you might spell the whole telegram through word for word without finding where Mies Kemble came in. The banquet, to be sure, was in her honour ; hut so far as information goes it merely afforded an opportunity to a few- elderly men to sav some tiresome platitudes concerning commu nities a hemisphere away. As a matter of fact there are numbers of reflecting men in Australia who would be far from displeased if their native or adopted country's claim to recogni tion by the nations was not based on her sculling, batting, or boxing proclivities. These are not the pursuits or accomplishments, admirable though they be, that make a land respected abroad When Australia becomes an independent State — as in the course of nature she must become— men who aim at steering her will find something more serious to advocate than the apotheosis of persons . who scull, or bat, or box. In the meantime, it might be as well to wait for detailed accounts as to Miss Myra Kemble's place in the banquet — where, in a word, she came in. * * * * In his remarkable speech at the Town Hall on Monday, Mr. Salomons expressed bis conviction that all aspirants for political honours should feel thankful for not being Ministers of the Crown. The poet of the ages has told us that the head wearing a crown lies uneasy. Yet it is singular how few of those privileged to wear such uncom fortable head gear have been prepared to relin guish it till the black curtain went down and, in the words of Habelais, the farce was over. True it is that the Spaniard When the lust of sway Bad lost its quickening spell, Cast clowns lor rosaries away — An empire for a celt. But how many have followed his example since ? You could count them on the cards in a euchre hand. So with politicians. Let them taste office, and, like the tiger that has once dined on a Hindoo, no other fare will content them. Married women with large families frequently advise maidens to remain single. They say that worry, loss of freedom, and constant incertitude regard fog the future of their progeny are but a poor ex change for liberty and lightheadedness. Do the maidens accept the counsel? What would the world come to if they did? Maugre Mr. Salomons' advice, it is safe to say that there are but few members of our Parliament— or of any other, for that matter — who would refuse office if offered it ; fewer still who, once having borne its respon sibilities, would not gladly bear them again. It is but human nature. His tory affords some illustrious exceptions ; but what are they among so many of au opposite kind ? Even old Thiers, after his ten years' labour on that fine work, ' The Consulate and the Empire,' admitted as he put his books away that a day spent in governing men — in shaping the . actions of nations — was worth a life spent in recording those, actions. No, Mr. Salomons. Advice such as yours is about as effective as standing on the shore to repel the advancing tide . or industriously twisting ropes from sand. In his memorial 6ermon, Rabbi Davis, of Sydney, said that the late Chief Rabbi Adler had lived to see 'a descendant of Jacob made a peer of the realm.' From this it would appear as if the reaching a place in the British peerage was one of the worthiest ambitions. Does Mr. Davis really think so ? Does he know the history of the insti tution he regards with such apparent awe, the methods by which it became a distinct estate of the realm, the methods by which it has been recruited? The descendants of Jacob were chiefs and kings two thousand years before the British peerage commenced itq, remarkable race. To rejoice because one's confrere was admitted into an assembly containing some of the drollest of mankind is at least singular. Had Mr. Davis congratulated his hearers on the fact that the Chief Rabbi had lived to see the patriarch's descendants on the platform of the British Royal Society or in the front seats of the French Academy, there would be some justification for it. Had he dwelt on the . undoubted fact that in philosophy, music, science, literature, art, and arms such descendants have left names second to none among men's children, he woulc be merely telling the simple truth. But to rejoice on being enrolled in a body whose very existence is an anachronism and almost an Lisult to modern ideas is strange — passing strange. 