PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. \Vednesdat, 20tu August. ' The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. AKSWFTLS TO OITKSTTOVS Dr. PEARSON, in reply to Mr. Calvert, said that selectors holding leases wero not being pressed to pay up all their overdue rents If a satisfactory reason be given for being in arrears time for pay ment is invariably allowed. Mr. WKIXUN, in reply to Mr. T. Smith, said grave objections had been raised against the pro ceedings of tlie Metropolitan Licensing Court, and he did not think it would remove the hotels in Port Melbourno nmlSouth Willi.imstowii in obedience to the writ of mandamus issued by the Supreme Court in July, 1889. Dr. PEARSON, in reply to Mr. A. You.no, said that the Govormnont would not Lake the responsi bility of amending Part IL of the Vermin Destruction Act 189 J in order to grant loans under the same terms and conditions as for wire netting to land . occupiers who had destroyed log fencing under compulsion. Mr. DEAKIN, in reply to Mr. Taylor, said it was intended to introduce an Amended Factories and Shops Bill, which would contain clauses relating to the annual inspection of boilers. Mr. D. M. JjAVlKS, in reply to Mr. Williams, said it was intended to amend the regulations in connection with engine drivers' certificates. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Taylor, said the amount to the credit of the insolvency unclaimed dividend fund was £4263. Dr. PEARSON, in reply to Mr. williams, said that no State school teacher would lose any salary by the alteration inade in the 4th class. - Although lite average of a 1st school might ho reduced, the jalary of the teacher would remain the same. Mr. DEAKIN, in reply to Mr. Gordon, said tho amount to the credit of tho compensation fuud under the Licensing Act amounted to £48,187. AN EXPLANATION. Mr. WOODS said in last Thursday's Age lie was reported to havo said that Mr. Watson was the most expensive eugincer in the Railway department. Ho diu not apply that language to Mr. Watson. THE RAILWAY BILL. Tho debate on the second reading of this bill was resumed. Mr. ZOX regretted the Government had allowed > Itself to bo influenced by tho caucus. After tho Minister of Railways had brought down the « bill hfl should have stood by it. In amond- 1 ing the measure at the dictation of the caucus the Government fell into a great ertor lie thought the hon. member for Gippsiand East was perfectly justified in saying, if it wore riot known whether the lines in the bill would pay or not, that ho had a right to participate in the i general scramblo. ; Mr. LAURENS : Does that hon. member alone share in that opinion ? Mr. FOSTER : No. It's vory general. Mr. ZOX said two reasons should bo con sidered by the Government in proposing tho con struction of railways—firstly, whether they would pay at once ; and secondly, whether there were sufficient resources in the country to bo servod to render lines which might bo made ultimately fl payable. If he were satisfied of tho ultimate pay- B ability of tho lines proposed he would bo quite will- B ing to lay out a certain amount of money upon K them, so as to put people upon the land. There B was not so much to do gained, as was supposed, in H thcappointuioutof a select committee on the Railway H Bill, for tbero would scarcely bo a man amongst tho H members who would bo conscientious enough to vote B against tho line in which ho was interested; lid E would ask, therefore, whether tho time was not yet B ripe for the appointment of some impartial board to B decide .upon these matters. There would bo no B objection on his part to light lines. If tho country B could save thousands of pouuds per mile, it should B bo done. Victoria had a larger amount of' monoy B invested in railways compared with population than B any other portion of the civilised world, fl The railways in Victoria- paid 4.1 per cent.; B How South Wales railways, 3.14 per cent.; South H Australian railways, 4.5 per cent; Queensland rail- H ways, 2.75 per couL; aud Now Zealand railways, 2.33 B perconL The railways of the United Kingdom paid H 4.6 per cent Although our railway management hau been depreciated, if tho House went into statistical details and examined into the charges made against the commissioners ho believed they would be able to make out a good caso for themselves E and one that would be satisfactory to the country. In Great Britain, £48,000,000 of capital invested in railways paid no dividend, £2,500,000 paid 1 per cent, £2,750,000 paid L2 per cent., £27, 000, '000' paid 2.3 per cent., £172,000,000 paid 3.4 per cent, and I £133,000,000 paid 4.5 per cent, making a total of £864,000,000. Of this amount £508,000,000 capital H invested were invested iu England, £87,000,000 in H Scotland, £32,000,000 in Ireland. Of tho amount Bl invosted in Scotland £6,000,000 paid no dividend at all, £9,000,000 paid 1.2 per cent., £49,000,000 paid 3.4 per cout., aud £23,000,000 paid 4.5 por cent In Ireland £3,000,000 paid no dividend, £5,000,000 paid 3.4 per cont, and £13,000,000 paid 4.5 per cent, fl In this colony a largo extent of new country was B being opened up, and it was not to be supposed tho railways would always pay. In the United States H in 1888 there wore 156,082 miles of linos open, and theso were constructed at a cost of £1,873,000,000, B but these railways did not pay as well as those of fl this colony. It was not to be expected that a sink- B ing fund could ho created for tho purpose of assist- fl ing in paying off tho loans, hccauso as soou as thoro B was a profit political iiilluencu was brought to bear B on tho commissioners to imluco them to lower tho fl freights and fares. As to tho indebtedness of tlio colony, ho had obtained sotuo statistics as to the fl private wealth held in the different colonies, and B found that in New South Wales tho pri- fl vato wealth aggregated £410,000,000, or £371 B por head of the population. In Victoria B it was £386,000,000, or £358 per head ; in B Queensland it was £106,000,000, or £266 per head ; fl iu Soutli Australia it was £57, 000, 000, or £182 per fl head ; in New Zealand it was £145,000,000, or £235 fl per head; in Tasmania it was £26,000,000, or £180 per liead ; and in West Australia it was £6,000,000, B or £144 per head of tho population. Taking tho fl figures which represented Victoria it would be found fl that tho colony was in a good position as far as its indebtedness was concerned. When the bill was re- fl ferrod to a select committoo he hoped the inquiries of that committee would be of such a nature as to enable the House to arrivo at a decision of what was best for the country. fl Mr. GRAVES said the Premier, when- speak- fl ing at Kew, said tho railways to bo proposed to Parliamont would be such as would pay. Ho was B informed that tho Minister hail had 455 lines B surveyed, making a total of about 7000 B miles. There woro two lines in his district, and thougli ho should bo sorty to sea H them left out it' did not affect his opinion that -H the Premier had, on the whole, carried out his pro- raise to distribute railways in such a way as to encourapo sottlemeut and keep farmers on the land by enabling produco to be brought to market. One of tho lines in his district had lately been dealt with by ono of the daily papers. lie would not say that tho writer had .not been over the ground, but that if he had the character of the country had changed very considerably from what he know it to be during tho last two or three months. (Laughter.) There wuro many parts of tho colony that must become depopulated if tlio people did not obtain railway communication. What would be the use of introducing intense culture, which would produco articles that for the most part could not bo con- somed on the spot, if railways were not mado to take them to market. Even though the colonies piiid £12,000,000 a year in interest so loug fl as they sent homo produce greatly iu excess of that value the colonies could not go wrong. Tho national debt of Australia was fl not more than 11 per cent, of the value of property, B and the railways were probably a sufficient asset to meet it altogether. The privato wealth of Australia was estimated at £286 per head, and the value of fl public works and buildings at- £49 per head, giving fl a total of £335 as against £249 in England, lie hoped ho would never live tu see the day when the railways wore in the hands of a private company fl or of private individuals. They must be kept under the control of Parliament. (Hear.) There was not fl scintilla of truth in the statement that he had not endeavored to obtain tlio insertion of a line to' fl "ouibat iu the bill. Ho had letters from the chair- fl man and secretary of tho caucus to prove tlio fact, fl Ho bad interviewed the Premier as well, bub for reasons which he could now sou were all sufliciont fl tlio line was not adopted either by the caucus or by fl tlio Minister. fl Mr. MASON said tho bill was n great disappoint- ment to the country. The miles je was limited to a n greater extent than was expected, from the fact of so many trial surveys having been made, whilst the fl estimated cost of lines astonished everyone. Considering tho great amount of devia- 9 tion that must be allowed for, ho could hot 9 see how the estimates could be correct. 9 In this colony' 1115 miles of railway were mado 9 Prior to 18S4, at a cost of less thau £4000 per mile 9 'r all works except permanent way material and 9 rolling stock, and under tho present bill the average 9 cost would bo considerably orer £6000 per mile. 9 iSii tlie railway bills introduced siucn 9 Wl, when the colony began tho work 9 ® railway construction in earnest, down to 9 Hi® time the last bill was introduced, the 9 cost per mile averaged £3970, and surely it was 9 possible to build linos as cheaply now as 9 « was then. As to tho projected linos in Gipps- 9 RM. between Alberton and Yarram, the country 9 level, and thoro wcro no bridges and only a few 9 cu"0rts to construct The estimates generally 9 er® too high and tlio country ought to get tlio jfl oeDeflfc of more lines than wero projocted, aud that SB fr the sanio amount of money. The Great . n southern line was supposed to bo one of the most 9 ®P®naive oountry lines in the colony ; its length 9 "Jp Dandenong to Port Albort was about 120 9 nnd for 26 miles it ran through the Kooweo- 9 nip Swamp and tho Strczlecki Ranges, yot the 9 average cost per mile, exclusive of permanent way SB pteiialand rolling stock, was only £5544 per mile, 9 |J0Ugb if it wero introduced under the present bill 9 mo estimate of cost would probably bo somewhere 9 £10,000 and £15,000 per mile. Tho question 9 ®f colling stock was purely a business one for tho EB commissioners to uousidor, because the amount 19 iece8i?ry, NVfts B0V0| ned by tho traffic, and it had to 9 ?,e &dded; to as tho goods to bo carried increased. 9 J u'a3 unfair to tho public for the Railway Com- 9 52? Jlr8 bo constantly reducing fares, and 19 Si ®i 0 fAHways did not pay to ask those who re- 9 Xe doficit iet6 rom lues ' J0"1 Paying off p9 SniELS : Are wo not all to somo extent ro- 9 8pojISIbJe for those reductions 7 9 : No doubt they were to somo extent, fifl th « Jtiilway Commissioners had power under KM e,a to simply refuso requests to reduce freights, 9 aju besides ail this tho Governor in Council haB to 31 y i10 tai® freights. ||1 reluctanUy '' UOt say 'oy yi®61 S tthSt IAS9N : There is ono matter in which I g would be a great convenience— if they woro Ej uce the price for the conveyance of coal to the P (Laughter.) In The Age of tho previous k SI, u or appeared from a gentleman named B 2 . r!' reapecting the line proposed from Tmral- t xon to Currojong; but that gentleman's statements $ men correct, though ho agreed that the Govern- c ®atle a great mistake in not connecting the P Southern lino with Sale, because that would Si nSiM na,"onaf work. Tho distance was about 20 R In S' i iCC)s about £4000 per mile. K IVn lP would bo no expense in securing c? SS!ii.0ir "Way imrposes, as under the acts under ?? was held in those districts tho Govern- $ Siii«was emPowered to take the land it required for fe construction. They did not ask for luxuries, P dt'CCMiUes, and thoy were prepared to put up r j»i„any 'air aird safo way of travelling, so long as F Lnii c®r.tai,L /The roads of tho district wore so B aSS travelling by them was almost impossible, & maVlf® selectors could not get their produce to SJS? The lines to which ho had re- % ' tu i. wuld be to some extent feeders of r train? jln,es' fr which they would provide which at present the settlers could not is jta 'i- Thougli they might themselves be run M? ,loss «iey would largely increase the ha<i i!i 16 lines. Considerable attention wtu A4!11 recently devoted to the question of tram- If inunff Sw.,ution in country by tlie various B tliA r les antl sHires. It would be tho duty of II- tt.!,Sr6!11Inent to a"ien<1 the Tramway Act in |T. that greater facilities could ho'given to local K Kq.11 '®r the construction of such lines. Th&so; irrW?i.10li 'e treated in the same way as tho fe IenSi«L trusts»- As ib was at present thoy were I eocQUM(r5?i),Aey L tlie irrigation trusts, and fc uragmg them to compote with the farmers of Gippsiand, while at tho name time they tied the f hands of tiid latter by not granting them proper facilities for getting their produce to market. There wero ' immense areas of land in their district which wore covcrod with ho.wy growths of timber, and If It wero just that the Go- < vornmont should help tho trusts to put ! water qn to tho soil it was equally so that the fanners of Gippsiand should be agisted to removo the timber from the soil, for till that were done thoy could grow nothing, liis constituency had , boon greatly disappointed at tho omission of certain lines which they hod been expecting for years, and which should have been included in the bill, but he would support tho measure, and trusted that at a lator stage t he House would grant them the exten sions to which they woro justly entitled. Mr. BURROWES saiu this was the worst bill which in his long experience had been Introduced to tho House. Not that this was the fault of tho Goverpmont that introduced tho measure, but it wis a natural result of 'causes which made every bill worse than the ono before it. One thing that required careful consideration in connection with this matter was tho credit of" tho country, and they should see that all the lines proposed were such as would pay expenses in order to keep up tliAt cferiit, which would be sure to suffer if it were known that the country was constructing Hne3 that would not pay working expenses. There were lines in this bill which would not pav half those expensos when they were completed. There were some of that cliaracter which would run parallel to lines now working which would not only not pay thoiuselvcs, but would attract traffic from theestab- Hsiied lines. As regarded tramways, it would be wise to incroase the amount to be granted to £3000 per mile, and, insist upon them being properly equipped with rolling stock of such a character that.it could exchange with the Government stock on tlie Government lines. Some reference hod been made to tho decrease of revenuo on the railways, but this was owing to tho heavy expense of running new lines which liad boon recently constructed. There was no doubt that the reduction of freight charges also assisted, but that reduction was the result of action taken by the House and the public. As to tho cost of the construction of railways which had been declared to be too high, itwas due to tho fact that if a lino were constructed cheaply the commissioners were besieged with applica tions for 'level crossings, Ac., which brought up the price to tho figures complained of. The Echuca to Denlliquin railway demonstrated how cheaply a light line might be constructed and worked. Though it was built along level country heavy initial difficulties had to be surmounted. To get their locomotives over the Murray the com pany had to build a bridge at a cost of £3000, and had to pull it down again in three years' time at great expense. The line was built in 11 months, and two trains had boen run over it daily since. The unui coat per mile, including roll ing stock, which' was of an excellent description, wob only £3000. During the last 12 years 24 divi dends at tho rate of 8 and 10 per cent per annum liad been paid, amounting altogether to £135,875. The permanent way hnu also been materially improved and two now locomotives purchased. It was now as good a working line as any in Victoria. An average speod of 20 miles an hour was maintained, including stoppages, and on one special occasion a speod of 56 miles had been attained. The load for a goods train was 60 trucks of cattlo or sheep, which was double that drawn along Victorian linos. No trains were run at night time, and not the slightest accident had been sustained. There was' no reason why all the work on light country lines should not be done iu daylight. Mr. SHIELDS : What is the rate of the working expenses? Mr. BURROWES : 42 to 48 per cent, Tlie Go vernment would bo justified in receiving applica tions from local bodies to build lines in level country similar to that in Riverina. . But while ornamental stations wero built every fow miles, railways would nob bo built for £3000 per mile. It was a matter of rogret that the Government had given so little information to the House respecting the Railway BllL It was not at all adequate. Mr. MUNRO : Not by a long way. Mr. BURROWES : It was not to bo expected that tho Railway Commissioners could provide all the information that was required. The sooner tho present system of proposing railway lilies, by which the Government was onaulod to reward its sup porters, was done away with the bettor for tho country. As in Now South Wales, proposals for tlio construction of now lines should bo inquired into and reported upon by a public works committee. Mr. BROCK said before the light line system was adopted tho opinion of the railway ongmeers should be obtained The Goulburn valley was entitled to more consideration from the Government than it had rcccired iu the Railway Bill. He would nevertheless vote for the second reading. On tho motion of Mr. Williams, the debate was adjourned. , SUBURBAN TRAMWAYS BILL. . Mr. LANGRIDGE moved that tho report of tho select committee on tho Suburban Tramways Com pany's Bill be taken into consideration. Mr. G, 1). CARTER asked for an adjournment. Owing to pressure of public business hon. members hud not been able to mako themselves acquainted with the report. An bbjoction bad boen communi cated to hlin by the solicitors for the Melbourne Tramway Company, and time should be given for Eossibio objections on tho part of the public to be rought forward. Mr. WILLIAMS said he 'would oppose, the hill until he was satisfied that the proposed tramway would not como into competition with projected railway lino from Collingwood. A line might be recommended by tho committee to go almost over thosanie ground. Mr. MOUNTAIN; Nothing likoit. Mr. WILLIAMS: Tho House did not know what lines would be made. Mr. LANGRIDGE Raid if tho tramway wore In opposition to the Collingwood line ho certainly should not ho moving in regard to the measure. Mr. MUNRO said thore was no chance of a rail way being made along the Punt-road to take tho pooplo of tho northern suburbs straight to St. Kilda. Such a lino was not wanted. Mr. ARMYTAGE: That's no roason. (Laughter). Mr. MUNRO : The interests of the public would bo served by the tramway, and its construction would give that employment for capital and labor which was so much needed at the present time. Mr. GRAVES opposed tho passage of the Mel bourno Tramway BUI, but this measure was not open to the saino objections, because jt recognised penny sections. (Hear.) Tho report was received, and tho consideration of amendments postponed. PRESBYTERIAN TRUSTS BILL. This measure was read a third time. KEW CIIURCU OF ENGLAND LANDS BILL. This measure wgs read a third time. DISCOVERY OF BENDIGO GOLDFIELD. Mr. BAILES movod— That a select committee be appointed to inquire into and report upon the claims of Henry Frencham, of Richmond, as discoverer of the Uetidigo golaflulds, such committee to consist of Mr. Bennett, Mr. Burrowes, Mr. Cameron, Mr. Foster, Sir. Gordon, Mr. A. Young and the mover, with power to send for persons, papers and records, and to roport tho minutes of evidence from time to time ; three to be tho quorum. There were claims by other discoverers, and it would be the duty of the committee to inquire into thera. Mr. D. M. DA VIES said the committee was unnecessary. A board sat in 1864 which inquired into tho "claims of the first discoverers of gold in all parts of the colony, and made its awards. That disposed of tlio wholo matter, and after this lapso of time it would be impracticable to open the matter. Thoro had been three Ministers of Mines who were representatives of Sandhurst, and thoy apparently bad not beou satisfied with Mr. French- ain's claims. Mr. M'lNTYREsaid it would be interesting to know who really was the discoverer of gold on the Bendigo field, and if the person was still alive some recognition should be made him. Mr. WOODS said if the committee were appointed it would be almost impossible to confine the investi gation to the claims of one individual, and great dissatisfaction would be caused if it were so con fined. If the inquiry were widened it would extend over some years before it could be completed. Mr. GRAVES pointed out that it was strange no one had made a claim to be considered the ufsco- vcrcr of the field until lately, but it would be worth while to appoint a committee in order that the question who was the discoverer might bo decided. Mr. M'LKLLAN did not know anything about the present claim, but he knew gold was discovered by a shepherd, and that the news of the discovery was kept quiet for a few weeks for fear it would inter fere with shearing operations. Air. PATTERSON was notaware that any money was voted to bo given to the discoverer of gold at Sandhurst, and could not see tho necessity for a coinmitteo to find out who was ontitled to the credit of the discovery. Mr. LAURENS expressed his surpriso that no claim liad been iftado before, and thought it was now too late to institute an iuquiry such as was asked for. Air. ARMYTAGE said he would vote for tho appointment of tlie committee, as it would be an interesting historical fact If the name of the real discoverer could bo ascertained. Air. DIXON would support the motion if the scope of the committee's inquiry wero widened so as to ascertain who was tho real discoverer of the field. Air. WHEELER quoted from tho report of a com mittee which sat to consider this question in 1864, when a number of awards were mado to persons who claimed to have been discoverers of gold. The question had been dealt with years ago, and taking that into consideration the House could not now be asked to discuss claims which should have beou made in 1863 and 1864. Mr. G. D. CARTER pointed out that there was a statute of limitations, which should be brought into effect in such matters as this. If tho House went on dealing with these applications the discoverers of goldflold would bo like Banquo's ghosts, aud thoy never would be got rid of. Mr. WOODS : How many ghosts did Banquo havo? Mr. MTXTYRE : Ghosts are not in order in this House. Mr. CARTER : Tbequestion as to who discovered gold had already been dealt with, and it had been shown several persons had recoived awards. It was quite time that tho llonse should put its foot dowu against any further claims for past dis coveries of goldfields. What was wanted now was a man who would discover a new goldfield. The House divided ou tho motion with the fol lowing result Ayes .. 45 Noes 30 Majority for the motion., .. M lfi AYES. — 45. Ma. Armytago Mr. Gordon Mr. Peacock Bailes Graham Shiols Baker Graves Smith, G. Beazley Hall Smith, L. L. Bennott Harris, A. Sterry c Bent Hunt Tatcbell Brock Keys Taverner Burrowes Klrton Taylor Butterly Levien Trenwith Cameron M'Coll Tucker Carter, W. T. M'Intyre Turner Craven Methven Uren Dixon Munro Williams. Foster Murphy Woods Gardiner Outtrim Young, A. NOES. -30. Mr. Anderson Mr. Forrest Mr. MLellan Best Gillies n Mountain Carter, G. D. Groom Murray Clark Harris, J. Officer Davies, D. M. Highett Patterson Deakin Langridgo Richardson Derham Laurens Shackell Duncan Madden Smith. T. Dunn Mason Staughton Ferguson M'Lean Wrixoa THE EIGHT HOURS SYSTEM. Mr. TRENWITH moved— That in view of the wide spread and rapidly growing feeling iu favor of the " Eight Hours " system of labor, it is the duty of the Government to introduce at an early date, not later than the beginning of next Session. & bif to legalise the system in connection with all depart ments of industry throughout Victoria. Oon this quostion a large number of members of the House had already made up their minds, and had expressed their opinions on the hustings, and the result of thodebate was that they were not likely to be much affected by what might be said. There was a widespread and rapidly growing feeling in favor of tho Eight Hours system of labor. Wherever the matter was spoken of in public it was spoken of approvedly. It was acknow ledged to he sufficient and as much as a man ought to be asked to perform. The grounds upon which this was admitted were many and comprehensive. It was nrgeeil by some that in a climate like that of Australia man should n«t be required to work more ' than eight hours and that ho ought not, on physical grounds, to be asked to work longer. There was. owover, a higher roason which he would urge why the system should be adopted, and that was that ib was necessary for ' economic purposes. They heard from various parts of the world that men able and willing to : work were not able to get omployment, and the adoption of the system would provide work for men ! who were now in want of it. The system was 1 necessary also in consequence of the spread, of education and the increase of intelligence. It was urged that It was improper to obtain legisla tion for the 8 hours principle, and that tho end desired could be obtained by moral suasion, yet men were daily struggling against adverse circum stances to obtain it. Those who enjoyed the 8 hours system were in a miserable minority. It was the duty of tho Legislature to confirm by legislative enactment generally accepted public opinion. Was it right that what was looked upon as a fair principle should have to bo daily fought for? The Council had very little compunction in throw- I ing out a measure introduced in the Assembly by a I privste member unless it bad tho support of the : Government, and that support ought to be accorded j where tho measure was in consonance with public opinion. Hon. mombers ought as far as possible to refrain from debating the point, but endeavor to have the matter decided that night. Mr.. BENNETT, in seconding tlie motion, said manufacturers who had adopted theeight hourssys- tern were under disadvantages in working against manufacturers whose employes worked eight hours, hut since he had given his tnen the eight hours - they had done as much work as before, and were mora cheerful and contented. The Government ought to bring In a bill dealing with the question. Air. PATTERSON said they were all proud the eight hours system was an established system. They might as well compel churchmen to attend divine service as compel workmen to labor only eight hours when they all had it (No.) Why ask the Government to bring in a bill next session? Who would be the Government next session ? (Laughter.) If this motion was to be token as a guarantee that the present Government would bo in office next session, then thoy might consider the desira- bility of bringing in a bill. (Kiughter.) He should like to see a bill brouhgt in by the hon. member for Richmond. What wore they going to do with men who wanted four hours or would not work at all. The hon. member represented quite as many of that class as of any other. Air. TRENWITH asked whether tho hon. mem ber was in order iti saying ho represented men who would not work at all. The SPEAKER: Thero is no point of order in volved in that. Air. PATTERSON : In Germany and elsewhere they were moving for the limitation of the hours of moor, ami ho was glad to see it. It gave our people a better chance, for at present the importer had a great advantage in this colony. But the working men here had shown themselves quite independent of the Legislature. They could tako care of them selves and tho llouso did its duty in protecting women and children. If a bill were passed the trades unions would be weakened, for the .bill would protect non- union as well as union labor. He had supported a private bill on this subject before, and if it were reasonable ho would support it again. The mover hod notniAde out a case, ilo had not quoted a single cose where eight hours ought to be given and was refused. All Government em ployds enjoyed the principle. Mr. TRENWITII : Watchhonse keepers work 24 hours. Mr. W. T. CARTER: And gatehouse keepers. Air. PATTERSON: Wero theso tho industrial classes? He was trying to show the hypocrisy of the. whole thing. » Dr. MALONEY: Shame. (Laaghtcr.) Air. MUNRO said ho had never heard a weaker speech. Probably tho fact that tho Minister of Customs regarded the term of office of the present Government so short accounted for his lack of cheerfulness. Air. PATTERSON,: What is the good of the motion? Mr. MUNRO : Then, why not pass it ? Air. PATTERSON: If it is a useless thing of that sort it does not matter. " : The employds of the Castlemaino ooHen Mills worked eight hours whon tlio hon. member sought their suffrages. Thero were many other classes of the community in the same position. A declaratory motion by the House would have very great weight. In England legislation of this nature was retarded by the fact chat eight hours had been so long in force in Victoria without it, If a privato member introduced a bill of this nature he necessarily had very little time to call attention to it, and coming from the Government it would have much greater weight than it otherwise could havo. Tho non. member asked an expression of opinion from the House as to wbethor the Government should introduce a bill for the legislation of the eight hours principle, and when the House divided it would be seeu who wore in favor of such a measure. Mr. PATTERSON : That is only electioneer- "W- Air. MUNRO : The hon. member has been elec tioneering all his life, because he is the only hon. member I know who has to look up Uamard to know what he said last year. (Laughter.) Tho quostion, howover, was not an electioneering one. For 30 years the working classes of the colony had been laboring to establish the eight hours systom, and now tho time had arrived to deal with the question by legislative enactment. Tho fooling of Victoria was undoubtedly in favor of it. Mr. CLARK pointed out that the eight hours system was to some- extent legalised in the colony, as there was a clause in the Melbourno Tramways Act with reference to It ; and as far back as 1883 a clause was placed in the Harbor Trust Act providing that contracts let by the Trust should'contoin a con dition that the men employed on them should not work more thau eight hours per day, except in cases of emergency. The motion seemed to him very like an attempt to catch favor, and it might be well to go one better and alter the motion to make it illegal to work between meals. (Laughter.) He was a supporter of the eight hours system, but did not see the nec ssity for its legalisation iu this way. Mr. BENT would support tho eight hours system, as he was pledged to do so, and in order that the matter should not be considered a catch vote ono ho would suggest an amendment to strike out all words referring to next session and to insert the word "forthwith. If certain classes of labor wero able to obtain the eight hours systom because thoy wero strong enough to demand it, the weaker portion should be protected by law and given it. Mr. DEAKIN said hon. members would under stand the motives of the hon. member for Rich mond, and would giTo him credit for wishing to bring the question to a practical issue. Complaint might perhaps be mado of the brevity of his re marks. as thoy wero bare of illustration, but they could appreciate tlio motive which had prompted him to make his remarks so short. His observation touched vory slightly even on tho general principle of what ho wished to see adopted, though on general grounds he would have not only the ear of the House as a matter of sentiment, but of the whole community. There was a general desire to see a reasonable limitation of the hours of labor in all avocations. Personally bo would be inclined not to bring forward as a chief argument in favor of the eight hours systoin that tho general adoption of the principle would givo employment to more people, but would use an argument of far greater weight, that every man being invested in this colony with political powers should havo leisure to enable him to discharge his political duties and to educate himself up to tho standard necessary to enable him to intelligently grasp all the questions that would he presented to bun. Oue 1 of the first objects should be to raise the status of those for whom eumloymunt was to be found, and the hon. mombor(AIr. Trenwith)raight havo passed from gneral principles to illustrations andshownhowmauy wero now enjoying the application of tho system, when hon. members spoke of introducing equality in conditions of labor they failed to realise tho fact that equality was not to be obtained merely by giving eight hours work. Eight hours labor In oue walk of lifo might mean more than 10 or 12 hours- in another class of labor. (Hear, hear.) Mr. \V. COLLARD SMITH: We are nob going to split terms. Mr. WOODS: Wo are going for eight hours and nothing less. Mr, DEAKIN : The hon. member is at liberty to go for eight hours, but he (Mr. Deakin) was going for something more. Ho had no objection to the proposition as a sentiment, and as a sentiment he was prepared to support i , but- ho wished to point out that the House might have expected to receive some practical suggestions as to the manner in which the difficulties the Govern ment would have to face wuuld be overcome if an endeavor was made to carry out the principles which laid at the basis of the resolution. Labor in itself differed immensely, not only on account of the different classes of occupation, but Also in regard to the conditions on which they were carried out. Did the hon. member hold that it would be possible to include all the employment of labor in tue country districts— to have eight hours for laborers at har vest time— (no, no)— or to have eight hours in pri vate houses? (No, no.) What the House had a right to expect was that when a resolution was moved as the basis of dcgislation it should indicate the direction in winch that legislation should go. There was undoubtedly still a number of trades and businesses in which the oight hours system was not strictly observed, and in which it could very easily be observed. The hon. momberfor Geolong (Air. Munro) referred to the woollen mills. Up to the commencement of the present year the oight hours system was not observed in those places, but at tho present moment every woollen mill and factory observed tho systom. (Hear, hear.) That was an evidence of tho march of the principle onwards to success. The only question to bo considered was the measure of responsibility the State would assume by limiting tho hours of labor, for it would bo necessary to consider vested interests and how they would be affected by an arbitrary limitation of the hours of employes. The raoro carefully they studied the subject and took their step accord ingly tho botter it would bo for the country. The question was not to be settled by sontimunt, but on a practical basis, which also looked for support on sentiment. They must conserve the rights of labor without weakening labor. The measure — although Air. Patterson thought it useless to those who enjoyed tho eight hours system — would put on the statute book the recognition of a principle with which tho name of Victoria was identified all the world over. (Hear, hear.) Ho did not think that was a slight thing, when they considered that their whole industrial system was built up on the eight hours principle. (Hear, hear.) He hoped thoy would be ablo to put upon tho Statute Book a pieco of practical legislation show ing that they wished to give the principle its fullest force and effect. They were entering upon a path which bad been trodden before by othor countries. Nothing was more remarkable to the student of European history than the great importance which this antl other questions affecting labor wcro assuming all the world over. Even in Germany, where it might be thought tho pressure of their military burdens would crush out their industrial lifo, they found measures on the statute book providing for the future of laborers as it bad never been provided for before. In France they had before the legislature also proposals of vast importance to the working man. In the mother country these great social questions were receiving the warmest sympathy of both the great parties. He trusted that this question would be dealt with by the House in a practical manner Mr. TAYLOR said that before the House legis lated on this question the> should have some explanation as to why the principle had failed when applied to shop employds. On the motion of Mr. Madden the debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. The House, at 11.10 o'clock, adjourned to the fol lowing (this) day. 