Ocean Reminiscences. Let mo recall a trifling incident of my ship-board life, an experienco small and brief, indeed, but vividly fresh and of clearest and kcenestoutlino in memory. Wo wcro on tho Mozambique parallels, well to the eastwards ; tho weather hot, tho sky cop perish, and tho sea ot a sallowiah bluo, with a thick, ulow flow of a swell as of tho water was heavy and sluggish with oil; a weak brcozo of wind blew off the port-quarters, with a sort of stinK of heat in it, liko tho bite of tho sun itself ; and tho chip under all studding-sails on that sldo went rolling for ward in a kind ot loathing way, as though alive to tho trucks with instinct ; and I very well remember the slopping noise of the wator as it fell from her bow liko flinging buekctfuls of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clook in tbo afternoon, when tbo thickness over the starboard bow died out along the horizon there, and showed tho sea-lino clear to tho edgo ot tho ocean, with a twisting and glanoing of yel low fires in it from the sun, as though lines of molten brass wcro slowly sinking in it. It was then that a sail was made out Borne three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap parently a largo ship, showing to hor courses with her mizzen-topmast gono, and the spanker-gaff naked, with somo oolors flying at it. As we slowly rose her she showed like a frigate upon the water, with hor band ol broken ports and hor big wing ot standing jib ; and I heard tho oaptain tell tho mate, after tnltinr; n lobe view ot her throueh a telescope, that ho boliovsd she was euob end such n ship, naming a well-known Indiaman of tkofo dayB, She was in distress, it was now gathered ; for it seems that she oarried a braco of Bignal halliards at her gaff-end, on ono of whioh was hoisted tho Eoglish ensign, jack down, whilo on. tho other fluttered a row ot bunting out of Marryatt's Code, signifying that thero was serious siok ness on board. I can seo that ship now aa I saw her then ; her canvas had the whiteness of froth touohed by moonshine; sho rosa and fell very mnjc3tioally, her ports briatting and fading cb. she leaned to tbo heave ot tho waters. By the aid of the glass, which I furtively employed on 'tho mate turning his. 'BwTcrr^b^ttTai^in«)fHiKrk«--oat the. white, quarter-boats swinginR at 'iher * davits, tho gleams off the glass of her largo windows, the hurried shadowing ot her sails, as they swung in and out, and the flags hovering in reds and whites and blues from tho peak end. The helm of our Bhlp. was shitted for her, and we got her right under our flying jibboorn end. Thero was not enough yawn in tho foot of tho foresail to disoloeo her from tho poop ; and it being now four o'clock and my turn to quit the deok, I strolled for ward on to tho forcoastlo to watch the very noble pictura on tho sea lino, that was ren dered nignitioant boynnd expression by hor appealing aolors, and by tho mutilation of her abaft. .A group of our Jaoks ctood against one of the catheads, gazing too, I had not been looking abovo three minutes whnii one of them niolfiimed in a honrss voice : ' What, the blazes I Is that thero muck a-drawing up around her, or is ehoadis solving ?' 11 The ' Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't matool' raid a eeoond man, in sub dued voico ot mingled awe and astonish ment. 11 Watch hor a-dying out 1 Smite mo, if mortial eyes ever see tho like ot that Bfore.' My gaze was upon the ship as tho men spoko ; and, euro enough, I observed hsr to be Blowly melting out, not aa though a log were driving down upon her, but as'a rain bow dies, tho tints shining and fadiog and perishing; In a few moments all wan blank sea where sho had been. Thera was an expression of dismay on overy ware-ridden, whickered face I glanced at. The oaptain, the mate, and a number of passengers were moving and mopping liko goblins over tho brass rail at tho break of tho poop in searoh of tho amazing phantasm. It waB, of courso, a mirago; but it took all hands, from tho skipper down to tho cook's mate, Borao time to rcalisp it, so marvellous had been tho illusion, so substantial to the vision that rolling and stately fabrio, so ex quisitely had tbo paiotod mirrowing ot her littod tho line of tho sea. With some fanoy that tho real objeot aould not bo far off, tho captain oontinued to head in tho direotion in which the mirngo had shone until darkness oamo when tho ship was brought to her course afrcBh. A tew days before we saikd from Calcutta we got news of this phantom vesBol, Sho had boon somo loagues below the horizon on which hor likencBa was painted, signalling for assistanootoanotbcr ship seven or eight mileB distant from her. Had tho quality ot tho atraosphore remained as it was, by which I moan had the mirage lin gered tt whilo longer, no doubt wo should have brought tho simulacrum of the other voseoI into viow. Thus it will bo seen that chips ns well as men bavo their ghosts. Thia re«allB to me another incident, belonging, howover, to no experiences of my own. It was the obief mato of this same ship from whose dook wo Bighted tho mirage who told me the Btory. Ho was third Mato of a very handsome clipper barquo, bound to a New Zealand port. The oaptain ot her was a tall, anotero man, with a grizzly beard, and an oye ot tho dead blaokness ol unpolished jet. Instead ot speaking of him as tho ' old man,' his sailors called him ' tho monk.' He was exceedingly reserved, said little »r nothing at table or on deck outside buou in structions as ho had to give ; yet, spite ot his monastic or collegiate looktf, whiob.'uiight havo qualified him. to adorn a pulpit rather tUnn n mnvAnnntmnn'B rttint*f *i- j3aa1i- Y\n m«« an excellent sailor, and a man of considerable roQnemont ot specoh. Nothing particular ooourreduntilthelittlo barquo was drawing on to tho equator, when it was observed that tho captain grew rest Icbs. He seemed unablo to sleep ; through out the night-watches ho was incessantly arriving on deck, and for a whole half-hour at a timo he would stand right in front of tha binnacle, obscuring it to the sight of the man at the wheel, and keeping his eye fixed upon the card with the lifeless air of a person acting ia bis sleep, At noon one day tbe lati tude was found to bo about Bis miles north, Thero was a pleasant breeze blowing' oft the port beam, and the clipper keel was made by the log to be sliding through it at some seven miles in the hour. - The oaptain, putting down his sextant, walked aft to tho binnaole and stood before it, holding bis watch in his hand. There was a light as of fever in the gazo ho rooted upon tbo dial plate. Sud denly ho called to the second mato, who bad charge : 11 Hands to tbe port braces, Qet tbo yards trimmed for a westerly course. Down be low.' Tho littlo ship oamo round with'tho men rounding in upon the braoos too astonished to eing out. Tho captain walked the dook chafing his bandB and ohuokling, . 'Now, sir, wo hava it,' ho oricd to the scoond mate. 'Havo what, Blr?' saked tho astounded officer. 'The equator, Bir,' roared tbo oaptain. 'Tho equator?' cried the mate, looking round him, 11 Yes, sir, truo as a hair by tho magnetic boaringB— a fore and a aft lino, Bir, Keep to that course, d'ye hear. Not an inch oft to port or starboard, or quicker than you oan say Jack Robinson I'll blow your braius out I' Tho socond mate, glnnoing through tho skylight, observed tbo chief officer in tho cabin, and with a slight motion of his head summoned him on deok. Tbo man arrived, with a lace of wonder, gazing aloft and pround, and not a littlo amazed to find tho tli'p bound to tha eastern Amerioan sea board, instead of Now Zealand. 'This ia to bo an achievement, sir,' Bhontcd tho captain to him, ' that'll rank mo forcmoBt amongst tho most famoua mon this oentary haB produced.' Tbo mato viewed him with a stupid look otintorrogation, ' Sir,' oricd tho captain, approaching him with an expression of ccstnoy on his singu lar countenance '.'tho kcol of this barquo will be tha first that over ploughed tbe lino ot tho equator without a hair-breadth ot de viation for 1000 mileB at least; and mark you this,' ho dried, drawing himself erect, and extending bis clenched fist at tho mato, ' if I oatoh tho vessel's head off her oourso by tha smallest fraction of a point, I will blow out tho brains of tbo man who has chargo of tho deok at tho timo,' Ho slapped bin breast that ihs two mon might guess what ho concoalod there, and, picking up bis sextant, stalked bolow. Tho unfortunate creature went entirely out of his mind that niRht, and thoy had to pinion him to prevent him from destroying himsolf, or dealing death to tho ship by filing her. Ho died within tho week, raving m&d;, not n littlo to tbo relief of tbo mates, who could do nothing for him beyond soeing him carefully watohed. 