CHAPTER XXIV. LADY HONORIA TAKES THE FIELD. GEOFFREY hurried to the Vicarage to fetch his baggage and say good-bye. He had no time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for he could not have eaten a morsel to save his life. He found Elizabeth and her father in the sitting- room. "Why, where have you been this wet morning, Mr. Bingham?" said Mr. Granger. "I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice ; she is coming home by the village," he answered. "I don't mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could before I go back to the mill. Thank you-only a cup of tea-I will get some- thing to eat as I go." "How kind of him," reflected Mr. Granger ; "no doubt he has been speaking to Beatrice again about Owen Davies." "Oh, by the way," he added aloud, ''did you happen to hear anybody moving in the house last night, Mr. Bingham, just when the storm was at its height? First of all a door slammed so violently that I got up to see what it was, and as I came down the passage I could almost have sworn that I saw something white go into the spare room. But my candle went out, and by the time I had found a light there was nothing to be seen." "A clear case of ghosts," said Geoffrey indiffer- ently. It was indeed a "case of ghosts," and they would, he reflected, haunt him for many a day. "How very odd," put in Elizabeth vivaciously, her keen eyes fixed intently on his face. "Do you know I thought I saw the door of our room open and shut in the most mysterious fashion. I think that Beatrice must have something to do with it ; she is so uncanny in her ways. Geoffrey never moved a muscle, he was trained to keep his countenance. Only he wondered how much this woman knew. She must be silenced somehow. "Excuse me for changing the subject," he said, "but my time is short, and I have none to spare to hunt the 'Vicarage Ghost.' By the way there's a a good title for somebody. Mr. Granger, I believe that I may speak of business matters before Miss Elizabeth?" "Certainly, Mr. Bingham," said the clergyman ; "Elizabeth is my right hand, and has the best busines head in Bryngelly." Geoffrey reflected that this was very evident, and went on. "I only want to say this. If you get into any further difficulties with your rascally tithe-payers, mind and let me know. I shall always be glad to help you while I can. And now I must be going." He spoke thus for two reasons. First naturally enough, he meant to make it his business to pro- tect Beatrice from the pressure of poverty, and well knew that it would be useless to offer her direct assistance. Secondly, he wished to show Elizabeth that it would not be to the advantage of her family to quarrel with him. If she had seen a ghost, perhaps this fact would make her reticent on the subject. He did not know that she was playing a much bigger game for her own hand, a game of which the stakes were thousands a year, and that she was moreover mad with jealousy and what, in such a woman must-pass for love. Elizabeth made no comment on his offer, and before Mr. Granger's profuse thanks were nearly finished, Geoffrey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice, pale and spiritless, went about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense that would awaken her suspicions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. But at last an event ocourred that caused Elizabeth to determine to take the field. One day she met Owen Davies walking along the beach in the semi-insane way which he now affected. He stopped and without further ado, plunged into conversation. "I can't bear it any longer," he said wildly, throwing up his arms. "I saw her yesterday, and she cut me short before I could speak a word. I have prayed for patience and it won't come to me, only a Voice seemed to say to me that I must wait ten days more, ten short days, and then Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrice, would be my wife at last." "If you go on in this way, Mr. Davies," said Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with jealous anger, "you will soon be off your head. Are you not ashamed of yourself for making such a fuss about a girl's pretty face? If you want to get married, marry somebody else." "Marry somebody else," he said dreamily; "I don't know anybody else whom I could marry, except you, and you are not Beatrice." "No," answered Elizabeth angrily. "I should hope that I have more sense, and if you wanted to marry me you would have to set about it in a different way to this. I am not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her sister, and I warn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as a friend to be careful. Supposing that Beatrice were not worthy of you, you would not wish to marry her, would you?" Now Owen Davies, like most other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance, was at heart somewhat afraid of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters connected with his insane passion, he was very fairly shrewd. He suspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what. "No, no, of course not he said. "Of course I would not marry her if she was not fit to be my wife - but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good afternoon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now ; it cannot go on much longer now. My prayers will be answered, I know they will." "You are right there, Owen Davies," thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. "Your prayers shall be answered in a way that will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and you shall marry me. The fish has been on the line long enough, now I must begin to pull in." Curiously enough it never really occurred to Elizabeth that Beatrice herself might prove to be the true obstacle to the marriage she plotted to prevent. She knew that her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingham, but that, when it came to the point, she would absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for one moment believed. Of course she thought it was possible that if Beatrice could got possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard, Elizabeth was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not seem possible that what was so precious in her own eyes might be valueless and even hateful in those of her sister. As for that little midnight incident, well, it was one thing and marriage was anothor. People forget such events when they marry ; sometimes they even marry in order to forget them. Yes, she must strike, but how? Elizabeth had feelings like other people. She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but she would much prefer that it should not be known that hers was the hand to cut her down. Of course, if the worst came to the worst, she must do it. Meanwhile, might not a substitute be found- somebody in whom the act would seem not one of vengeance, but of virtue? Ah! she had it: Lady Honoria! Who could be better, for such a purpose than the cruelly injured wife? But-then how should she communicate the facts to her ladyship without involving herself? Again she hit upon a device much favoured by such people-"un vieux truc mais toujours bon "-the pristine one of an anony- mous letter, which has the startling merit of not committing anybody to anything. An anonymous letter, to all appearance written by a servant : it was the very thing! Most likely it would reault in a searching inquiry by Lady Honoria in which event Elizabeth would of course, against her will, be forced to say what she knew ; almost certainly it would result in a quarrel between husband and wife, which might induce the former to show his hand, or even to toke some open step as regards Beatrice. She was sorry for Geoffrey, against whom she had no ill feeling, but it could not be helped ; he must be sacrificed. That very evening she wrote her letter and sent it to be posted by an old servant living, in London. It was a masterpiece in its way, especially phoneti- cally. This precious epistle, which was most exceedingly ill writ in a large coarse hand, ran thus : "My LADI,-My consence druve me to it, much again my will. I've tried hard, my ladi, not to speak, first acorse of miss B. as I heve knowed good and peur and also for the sakes of your evil usband that wulf in sheeps cloathin. But when i think on you my ladi a lorful legal wife, gud and virtus and peur and of the things as i hev seen, which is enough to bring a blush to the face of a stater, I knows it is my holy dooty to rite your ladishipp as follers. Your ladishipp forgif me but on the nite of whittsundey last Miss B. Grainger wint after midnite inter the room of your bad usband-as I was to my sham ther to se. Afterward more nor an hour, she cum out agin bein carred in his harmes. And if your ladishipp dont believ me, let your ladishipp rite to miss elizbeth, as had this same misfortune to see as your tru frend, "THE RITER." In due course this charming anonymous letter reached Lady Honoria, bearing a London post- mark. She read and re-read it, and soon mastered its meaning. Then, after a night's thought, she took the "Riter's" advice and wrote to Elizabeth, sending her a copy of the letter (her own), vehem ently repudiating all belief in it, and asking for a reply that should dissipate this foul slander from her mind for ever. The answer came by return. It was short and artful. "Dear Lady Honoria Bingham," it ran, "you must forgive me if I decline to answer, the ques- tions in your letter. You will easily understand that between a desire to preserve a sister's repu- tation and an incapaclty (to be appreciated by every Christian) to speak other than the truth-it is possible for a person to be placed in the most cruel of positions-a position which I am sure will com mand even your sympathy, though under such circumstances I have little right to expect any from a wife believing herself to have been cruelly wronged. Lot me add that nothing short of the compulsion of a court of law will suffice to unseal my lips as to the details of the circumstances (which are, I trust, misunderstood) alluded to in the malicious anonymous letter of which you inclose n copy." That very evening as the Fates would have it, Lady Honoria and her husband had a quarrel. As usual, it was about Effie, for on most other sub- jects they preserved an armed neutrality. Its details need not be entered into, but at last Geof- frey, who was in a sadly irritable condition of mind, fairly lost his temper. "The fact is," he said, "that you are not fit to look after the child. You only think of yourself, Honoria." She turned oh him with a dangerous look upon her cold and handsome face. "Be careful what you say, Geoffrey. It is you who are not fit to have the charge of Effie. Be careful lest I take her away from you altogether, as I can if I like." "What do you mean by that threat?" he asked. "Do you want to know. Then I will tell you. I understand enough law to be aware that a wife can get a separation from an unfaithful husband, and what is more, can take away his children." "Again I, ask you what you mean?" said Geof- frey turning cold with anger. "I mean this, Geoffrey. That Welsh girl is your mistress. She passed the night of Whit-Sunday in your room, and was carried from it in your arms." "It is a lie," he said; "she is nothing of the sort. I do not know who gave you this informa- tion, but it is a slanderous lie, and somobody shall suffer for it." "Nobody will suffer for it Geoffrey, because you will not dare to stir the matter up-for the girl's sake, if not for your own. Can you deny that you were seen carrying her in your arms, from your room on Whit-Sunday night? Can you deny that you are in love with her?" "And supposing that I am in love with her, is it to be wondered at, seeing how you treat me and have treated me for years?" he answered furiously. "It is utterly false to say that she is my mistress." "You have not answered my question," said Lady Honoria with a smile of triumph. "Were you seen carrying that woman in your arms and from your room at the dead of night? Of course it meant nothing, nothing at all. Who would dare to asperse the character of this perfect, lovely and intellectual schoolmistress? I am not jealous Geoffrey -" "I should think not, Honoria, seeing how things are." "I am not jealous, I repeat but please under- stand that I will not have this go on, in your own interests and mine. Why, what a fool you must be. Don't you know that a man who has risen, as you have, has a hundred enemies ready to spring on him like a pack of wolves and tear him to pieces? Why many even of those who fawn upon you and flatter you to your face, hate you bitterly in secret, because you have succeeded where they have failed. Don't you know also that there are papers here in London which would give hundreds of pounds for the chance of publishing such a scandal as this, especially against a powerful political opponent. Let it once come out that this obscure girl is your mistress-" "Honoria, I tell you she is nothing of the sort. "It is true I carried her from my room in a fainting fit, but she came there in her sleep." Lady Honoria laughed. "Really, Geoffrey, I wonder that you think it worth while to tell me such nonsense. Keep it for the divorce court, if we ever get there, and see what a jury says to it. Look here ; be sensible. I am not a moralist, and I am not going to play the outraged wife unless you force me to it. I do not mean to take any further notice of this interesting little tale as against you. But if you go on with it, beware? I will not not be made to look a fool. If you are going to be ruined you can be ruined by yourself. I warn you frankly, that at the first sign of it, I shall put myself in the right by commencing pro- ceedings against you. Now, of course, I know this, that in the event of a smash, you would be glad enough to be rid of me in order that you might welcome your dear Beatrice in my place. But there are two things to remember ; first, that you could not marry her, supposing you to be idiot enough to wish to do so, because I should only get a judicial separation, and you would you have to support me. Secondly, if I go, Effie goes with me, for I have a right to claim her at law ; and that fact, my dear Geoffrey, makes me mistress of the situation, because I do not suppose that you would part with Effie even for the sake of Miss Beatrice. And now I will leave you to think it over." TO BE CONTINUED 