YACHTING NOTES. By Viking. The wet, and stormy weather wliieU prevailed during lost week right up to Friday gave a gloomy prospect for the Saturday's yachting, but fortunately the morning broke line, and by the afternoon the sun was shining, and a nice whole-sail southerly blowing, giving a perfect day for what was really the opening of the season, although the Ifobson's Bay and St. Kilda clubs had gone through their preliminaries two Satuw ays back. By 4 o'clock the bay presented an animated appearance. OR Port Melbourne the stately craft of the ltoyals were seen cruising about going through their owning day man«uvres, followed by the Sprightly crowded with spectators. The Hobspn's Bay boys were out in full force, sailing for the first race of the season, and down the coast the St. Kilda and Brighton clubs were similariv engaged. The Port Melbourne, the latest of our sailing clubs, turned out a good fleet of 18 or 20 boats, and although not presenting the spick and span appearance of the older clubs made a very good show, and as they sailed past the Royal's fleet in single file presented quite a pretty sight, keeping admirable order. The evolutions of the R.Y.C.V. last Saturdav were of a rather taine description, through no fault of those present, but rather through those who were absent. Only the following seven yachts put. in an appearance, vizi:—Magnolia, 3r, tons: Iris, 10 tons; Minnehaha, 12 tons; Pert, 12 tons; Viking, 8 tons; Erin, 9 tons; Fairy, 5 tons. With sucli a small fleet it was impassible to make a display of an imposing nature. Of the absent yachts the'Janet and Wan derer are not yet in commission, Taniwha still lavs in the Sandridge Bend, the May Queen lias not for years taken part in any of the club's fixtures, the Ada aud Galatea are not yet ready, and no movfc lias yet been made to place the Iduna or Secret in commission. The Oeelong club intended to send some boats to take part in the proceedings, but bad weather aud the distance no doubt prevented their attendance. It is a great pity that the leading club of Victoria cannot make a better show afloat than that of last Saturday. There ore quite a sufficient number of yachts on the register, but the owners seem rather apathetic, and are often more inclined to give their own interests a prior consideration to those of the club. The opening day was fixed at a date late in the spring weather, when one would think that ample tnne had been given to allow of all yachts being in commission ; however, those on board the Sprightly had a pleasant afternoon's outing. The smooth water allowed the steamer to draw alongside the Said(5, and even-one, including the ladies, were easily shipped on board, and thus afforded an excellent opiiortunity of mating an inspection of this magnifi cent yacht. The internal carv ings and ornamenta tions were objects of general admiration, many visitors being surprised at finding such a grand pleasure vessel in our bay. The racing in the 20-ratiiig class round the English coast during the past season was products e of plenty of sport, but, like the first-class racing, it was chiefly confined to a very limited number of cracks, which starred round the various regattas tailing against one another on each occasion, and pretty hard work, too, racing one day and off again the next to take part in the matches further along the coast. The Velzie sailed 48 matches in 103 days, including Sundays, thus leaving 57 days for mating passages and resting, and, as all sorts of weather had to be contended with, one can imagine that a season's racing round Great Britain in a crack 20-rater would be a little too much of a good thing, even to the most anient yachtsman. Of the other 20-raters the following is the abstract of prize winners, by which it will be seen that, the Dragon beads the list, notwithstanding- the hard w ork gone through by the Veleie :— o 8 si O g M . P K § Yacht. 1 i — a. |£ ■3 ES e E £ a, — 51 A 5c So o o £ Dragon 40 23 7 30 480 Velzie 48 12 14 20 295 Chiquita 41 12 13 25 230 Siola 12 1 1 2 20 Ghost 7 .. 1 1 5 Charissa 19 4 ' 4 35 Windward .. 9 i 15 lit my notes a few weeks ago 1 mentioned that a Glasgow yacht owner had been fined by a bench of magistrates for having more than 12 pereons. besides his own family on board his own yacht during an afternoons cruise. It. now appears, according to the "Field," that a case occurred in April, 1889, where a yacht owner was prosecuted under similar cir cumstances. The case came before the Chief Justice, who decided in favour of the yacht owner. The .South Australian Yacht Club opened their season on Saturday afternoon, the 1st inst., on the Port Adelaide river. The weather was i«?rfect, a nice light breeze blowing. 26 yachts took part in the proceedings. A scries of evolutions were gone through in capital stile under orders from Ihc Com modore, Commander Waleot, R.N., from his yacht the Edith. The steamer Vatala, with 400 visitors on board, was in attendance, and followed the yachts throughout, thus affording a fine v iew of evolutions. Since that date several of the club's yachts received a severe knocking about from the recent gales. The boats or the Holdfort Bay Sailing Club also suffered severely. The St. Kilda Yacht Club held their first (club) race oh Saturday last, under most favourable circum stances, for a trophy presented by Mr. R. S. Telfer. The following were the entries and time allowancej R. Leehnvere, Astoria, scratch; J. P. Kennison's Flying Scud, liuin.; L. Meyer's Camilla, Sinin. I 80sec.;J>. Robinson's Genesta, Sniin. SOsec.; Messrs. j Rogersand Whitehead's Meteor, and Messrs. Shelly and Co.'s I.ouise, Cmiii. -The Astoria, which was built by her owner (Mr. R. Lectamere, late of the Genesta), a new addition to the club, and whose launching has been anxiously looked forward to by all the members, to try her sailing powers, was unfortunately unable* to be launched in time to compete, through j the non-arrival of her sails, but we hear her owner intends taking part fa the Royal's mien race on Satur dav next. The race started at 20 minutes past 3 p.m. off* the St. Kilda Pier to a whole-sail southerly breeae, the Camilla being first round the north-east buoy,: closely followed br the rest. The firet round was com-; plcted in the following order .--Camilla, Meteor, Genesta, Louise, and flying Scud. This order was maintained until the north-west buoy was reached, where the Genesta overhauled the Meteor. In the third round the Flying Beud and Louise retired, the | result of the rore bring—Camilla, first, time of fiursh-< iug 5h. 4Unin. SOse&iGenesU;, second, tune 5b. 6«nm. Msec.; Meteor, thiM, Dh. 59min. 58scc. The dub el yacht Union followed the raoe with a number of lady j yachtUmoni . . . . - , and gentleman friends of the members on board, who j thoroughly enjoyrdtheraiL .Mr. J. H. Bush acted j as timekeeper and judge. The next rape will take i place on Saturday, December 6, for a tropliy pre-, rented by Mr. J, M'Phereou, fprkeel boats only,. j 