A SET OF CHESSMEN. ? "But, Koanair, perceive imr magnificent ttey are! There is not in Finistere, there is not in Brittany, nay, It Is certain time is not in France so superb a set of chessmen. Andivm! And fixe carving—observe, for example, the variety of detail/* They certainly were a. curious set of chessmen, magnificent in a way, but curious firstof all. Ab JL Bobineau remarked, holding a rook in one hand »rui a knight in the other, the care paid to imllimiii Bnrpriang. Bat two hundred »•"<? fifty francs! for a set of ssmen! So, so, my frr*m^. X am willing to admit that the Wort is good—in a. kind of a way. Bat two hundred and fiftv francs! If it were fifty, now?" " Fifty!' Up went K. Bobiueaa'E shoulders, and down went It Bobineau's bead between them, in the fashion of those toys which are rafled by a string. " Ah, mon Dieu! Monsieur lam^fo at me !'* And these came another voluble declaration of their meats. They certainly were a. curious «et- I really think tboy were the most carious set X ever saw. X would have preferred them, for instance, to anything tliey have at South Kensington, and they have some remarlvabl e examples there. And, of course, the price was small. Bat when one has only five thousand francs a. Tear for everything, two hundred and fifty bang taken away—and for a Bet of chessmen—does leave a vacancy behind. I asked Bobineau where he got them. Business was slack that sunny afternoon—it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever bad, bat that must have been & delusion on my part. Heportsaid he was a warm man, one of Morlaix's warmest men, and his queer old chop in the queer old Grande line—Grande Hue ! what a same far an alley!—contained .many filings which were valuable as well ae <jueer_ But j there at least was no other customer in eight just Jflittj 6Q Bpbinean toldme all the tale. ' : ' It BBomed there had been -m.1 M. BanLcfcon— jftn^ode - not a." BnebHi, s. v War»rf«n p fanH • p^n'oan^ who bad come and settled down in the commune of Honignenn, over by the gaze. This M. Funichon was, for example, a —well, a little—a little exalted, let us fay. It is true that the country people said he 'was stars: mad, but Bobineau, for his part, said no, no, 110! It is not necessary because one is eccentric that one is mad. Here Bobineau looked at mp out of the corner of bis eye. Arenot the English, of all people, •hp most eccentric, and yet is it not known to all the world that tfcey are not, necessarily, stark mad ? Tfii« M. Fonichon was not rich, quite the contrary. It was n little place he lived in— the merest cottage, in fact. And En it he lived alone, and. according to report, there was only one thing he did all day and all night long, and that was, play chess. It appears that he was that rarest and most amiable of imbeciles, a disss maniac. Is there such a word ? " What a life!" said 3£. Bobineau. " Figure it to yourself! To do nothing—nothing!—but play chess! They say"—M. Bobineau looked round him with an air of mystery—" they say he starred himself to death. He was so besotted by his miserable chess that be forgot—absolutely forgot, this imbecile—to eat." That was what H. Bobineau said they said. It required a vigorous effort of the imagination to quite take it in. To what a state of forgetfulness must a man arrive before he forgets to cat! But whether iL Funichon forgot to eat, or whether he didn't, at least he died, and being dead they sold his goods—why they sold them was not quite dear—but at the sale H. Bobineau was the chief purchaser. One of the chief lots was the eet of ivory chessmen which bad caught my eyes. They were the dead man's favourite set, and no wonder! Bobineau was of opinion that if he had had his way he would have had buried with him in his grave. ** It is said," he whispered, again with the glance of mystery around, " that they found him dead, seated at the table, the chessmen on the board, his hand on the white rook, which was giving mate to the adversary's king." Either what a vivid imaginationhad Bobineau, or what odd things the people said! One pictures the old man, seated all alone, with bis last breath finishing his game. Well, I bought the set of ivory chessmen. At this time of day I freely admit that they were cheap at 2501.—dirt cheap, indeed; but a hundred was all J. paid. I knew Bobineau eo well —I dare say he bought them for twenty-five. As I bore them hitimplmnfly away my mind was occupied by thoughts of tTim- original possessor. I was filled by quite a sentimental tenderness as I meditated on the part they had played, according to Bobineau, in that last scene. But St. Serran drove all those thoughts away. PbiKppe Henri de St. Servan was rathera dHfirnltperson to get on with. It was with him I shared at that time my apartment on tihepZace. " letus«rae!" I remarked when I got in; " what have I here r 7 ' He was seated, his country pipe in bis mouth, at the open window, looking down upon the river. Tne Havre boat was nuKng ready to start—at MnAiv the mntiMi event of thie week. There was quite a bustle on the quay. Et Servan just looked round, and then looked back again. I sat down and untied my pmvlin " I think there have been criticisms— derogatory criticisms—passed by a certain person upon a certain eet of chessmen. Perhaps that person will explain what he has to sav to these." St. Servan marched up to the table. Hie looked at them through his half-closed evelids. J " Toys!" was all he said. " Perhaps! Yet toys which made a tragedy. Have you ever heard of the name of Funichon ?" By a slight movement of his grizy.lvgrey eyebrows he intimated that it was possible be had. "These belonged to him. He bad just finished a game with them when ihey found him. dead—the winning piece, a white rook, was in bis hand. Suggest an epitaph to be placed over his grave. There's a picture for a painter—eh r" "Bah! He was a Communist !* That was all St. Servan said.. And so saving, St. Servan turned away to look out of the 'window at the Havre boat again. There was an end of M. Funichon for Wi. iCot that he meant exactly what he said. He simplv meant that M. Funichon was not Legitimist—out of sympathy with the gentlemen who met, ana decayed, visibly, before the naked eye, at the dub on the other side of the place. With St, Servan not to be Legitimist meant to be nothing at all—out of his range of vision absolute! v. Seeing that was so, it is strange be should have borne with me as he did, But he was a wonderfnl old man. n. We played oar first game with the ivorv chessman when St. Servan returned from the club. I am fr&s; to confess that it was an occasion for me. I had dusted all the pieces and bad the board all laid when St. Servan entered, and when we drew for choice of moves tie dominant feeling in my mind was the thought of the dead man sitting all alone, with the trhite rook in his bend. There was an odour of sanctity about the affair for ice—a trhifi of air m the land of ghosts. Nevertheless, my loins were girded up, and I was prepared to lieir myself as a man in the strife. We were curiously well matched, St. Servan ami I. We had played 220 games, and. number of wlna. Hfe-badbiBdajs, Hd Eoh&d; L At one time! was <deven games ahead^b&t;' * «nce thy.t tlfricf-blfssai hour 1 had not soared a angle Kamc. Be had backed me steadilr, and* eventually had made the scores exactly tie. In these latter days it bad grown with brm to be an article of faith that as a chess player X was quite played out—and there was a time when I bad thought the same of ilim! He won the move, and then, as usual, there •came as interval for re3cction. The worst tiling about St. Servan—regarded from a cheesplayjng point of view— was that he took such & tzme to begin. When a man has opened his gasis it is -excusable, laudable, indeed—If be pauses to reflect a reasonable length of lima Bat I never knew a man who was so fond of reflection before a move was bmJ" Ab a rule, that absurd habit of his had quits an irritate effect upon my nerves; but that evening Mt qtrite cool and prepared to sit him out. There we sat, bothsroMng onr great pipes, he ebuang at the board, and £a£ him. He pur out Ins hand, almost touched a piece, and then, with a start, lie drew it hade again. An interval—ftt mmi- pm<m»;m» TgiV Another interval—and a repetition of the pantocaine. I pufied a cloud of emoke into the air and softly ' sighed. I knew lie bad bsen ten minutes by . myvatdL Pofl6ibiytheeagb a "i""!'*?-] effect, for he suddraily strobed oat bis fctrn and moved queer's knight's pawn a single . ({UIB. I ns startled. He was^great at book openings. that was theabeurdest part of it. He mdi load you to suppose that be was meditating aomethingqurfe original, and then would perhaps hefyn with fool's mute after all. fis, ,llHnMl,lnJiwin tiiml quBen'eknigfat'spawna nrietgnietabn Ienatexd ereply.' Pray Iefcit be&ndersbxtd; thougblwoold not have confessed it to St. ' Semtofor the wodd—t^iatl am rtoplayer. I MI wed3ed.to.tbe game for an boor or two at ' flight,. or ptudvenintie, of in tfimm at' 'fixaea. Int l sbaD sever be admitted to its inner mysteries—never! not if I oatspan Methuselah, lam not built thu way. St. Servan and 1 were two r>-.iMr«*7i who loving the sea, dabble their feet in the shnilows left In; the tide. I bare no doubt that there ate a dozen replies to tint opening of his, bet I did not know one then. I bad some bazyidna of developing a gams cf my own, while keeping an eye on bis, and for that puipoee pat oat my band to move the queen's pawn two, when I felt my wrist grasped by—well, by what felt uncommonly Oke an > a visible hand. I was so startled that I almost dropped my pipe. I drew my hand back again, ana was cosrhhu of the slight detaining pressure of nnseen fingers. Of course it was hallucination, but it seemed 6o real, and w«a so unexpected, that—well, I settled my pipe more firmly between my lips—it bad all but fallen from my mouth—and took a whiff or two to calm my nerves. I glanced op, cautiously ; to see if St. Serran noticed my unusual behaviour, but bis eyes were fixed stonily upon the board. After a moment's hesitation—it was absurd'. —I stretched out my hand again. The hallucination was repeated, and in veiy tangible form. I Was distinctly conscious of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to piece I had never meant to touch, and almost before I was aware of it, instead of the move I bad meant to make, I bad made a servile copy of St. Servan T s oDening—I had moved queea' knight's pawn a single square! To adopt the language of me ate L-ick Swiveller, that was a staggerer. own that for an instant I was staggered. could do nothing else but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke. I was conscious that when St. Servan saw my move he knit his brows. Then the usual interval for reflection came again. Half anoonsciouely I watched bim- When, as I supposed, he had decided on his movie, be stretched out his hand, as I had done, and also, as t had done, he drew it back again. I was a little startled—lie seemed a little startled, too. There was a momentary pause; back went his band again, and, I of varying the monotony, be moved— Knight's pawn a singleBquare. X wondered, and held my p&xjca.; Hiera might be a gambit based upon these lines, or there might not, bat since I was quite dear that I knewno reply to such an opening, I thought I would try a little experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slightest conception 1 of any particular move in my head, bnt simply to see what happened. Instantly a grasp fastened op my wrist; my band was - guided to—king's knight's pawn a single equar& This was getting, from every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen appeared to be possessed of a property of which Bobineau had been unaware. I caught myself -.vondering if be would ha ve insisted on a. higher price if he had known of it. Curiosities nowadays do fetch such fancy sums—and what price for a ghost They appeared to be auto- matic chessmen—a utomatic in a sense entirely their own. Having made my move, or having hod somebody else's move made for me, which is perhaps the more exact way of putting it, I contemplated my antagonist. When he saw what I had done, or what somebody eke hail done—the things are equal—St. Servan frowned. He belongs to the bony variety, the people wuo would not loll in a chair to save their lives—bis aspect struck me as being even more pqker-likc than usual. He meditated bis reply an unconscionable length of time, the more unconscionable ernco I strongly doubted if it would be his reply after alL But at last he showed signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, bis frown became pronounced, and lie began to raise his hand. I write " began," because it was a process which took sometime. Cantiously he brought it up, inch by inch. But no sooner had he brought it over the board than his behaviour became quite singular. He positively glazed, and to my eyes seemed to be having a struggle with his own right band. A /truggle in which he was worsted, for be leaned back in bis seat with a curiously discomfited air. He had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares—the automatic principle which impelled these chessmen seemed to have a partiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. X pressed the tobacco down in my pipe, and thought—or tried to think—it out. Was it an hallucination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too ? Had I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't I ? And what was the Tppampg of fiie little scene I had just observed? I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. X have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of my right wrist resembles lion. I have not spent so mnch time In the tennis-court and fencing- room for nc it? — I had tried one experiment, I thought X try another. I madeup my mind that I would move queen's pawn two—stop me who stop I felt that St. Servan in his turn was watching me. Preposterously easy though the feat appeared to be as I resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement—a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of the feeling, I didn't do, it was perhaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my right hand, probably to the full as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queen's pawn. I was just about to seize the piece when that unseen grasp fastened on my wrist. I paused, with something of the feeling which isdaces the wrestler to pause before entering on the veritable tug of war. For ore thing I was desirous to satisfy myself as to the nature of the grasp—what it was that seemed to grasp me. It seemed to be a band. Hie fingere went over the back of my wrist, and the thumb beneath. The fingers were long and thin—it was altogether a slender hand. But it seemed to be a man's band, and an old man's band at that. The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On the little finger there was a ring, and on the first joint, .here appeared to be something of the nature of a wart. I should say that it was anything bnt a- beautiful hand, it was altogether too attenuated and claw-like, and I would have betted that it was yellow with age. At first the pressure was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a baby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own band firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, and not a little to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist held as in an iron yyce. Then, as it must have seemed to St. Servan, who, I was aware, was still keenly watching me, I began to straggle with my own band. The spectacle might have been fun to him, but the reality was, at that moment, anything bat fan to me. I was dragged to one side. Another hand wits fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open—I had tightly clinched my fat to enable me better to resist— my wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon a piece, I was compelled to move it forward, my fingers were unfastened to replace the piece upon the board. Tie move completed, the unseen grasp instantlv relaxed, aad I was free, or appeared to be free, again to call my hand my own. I had movedqnecn's rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was anything but comical to feeL When the thing was done I stared at St. Servan, and St. Servan stared at me. We stared at each suppose, a good long minute, then I bSoke fbepsnsL. "Anvtbmg tbft imBtterr' X Inqifeaa. -^'HS' put nphisfwmfl nnilmripifl Wit atouatadie, and, if lmay Bay eo, be curled hislip asweU. "Do yon notice anything odd about—about the game f" As 1 spoke about the game, X motioned my band toward my brand-new eet of chessmen. He looked at me vrilh bard sus- picious eyes. " Is it a trick of yours?" be asked. " Is what a trick of mine f" " If yon do not know, then how should IP' I drew s whiff or two from my pipe, looking at him keenly all the time, then signed toward the board with, my hand. " Ifs your more," I taid. He merely inclined his head. There was a momentary pause. When he stretched out his band he suddenly snatched it back again, and half started from bis eeat with a etifh^i execra fzon. Did you feel anything upon your wrist f" tasked. "Mon Diea! It Is not what X feel—sec that." He was eyeing his wrist as he spoke. Hie held it under ibe giaxs of the lamp. I bent across and looked it. For eo bid a m»»i lie bad a phenomenally white and delicate skin —under the glare of the lamp the impressions of finger marks were plainly visible upon Jus wrist. I whistisd as I saw them. Is it a trick of yours?" he asked again. " It is certainly no trick of mine." " Is there any one in the room besides us *wdF* I shrugged my dmUmiad looked round. He,' too, looked round, with MasUmf I thonght not quite easy in bis glance. "Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certainly no one who is visible to me." Witbhis fair white hand—the left, not the one which had the ftagei-tnatfampon the wrist fim att w womrtbing 1»>» compelled tne not as I would, " Esactly the same thing has occurred to I laughed. St. Bervan glared. Evidently iiie humour of the thing did not occur to him, be being the sort of man who would require a surgical operation to make him see % job;. But the humorous ride of the situation struck me forcibly. Perhaps we arc favoured by the presence of rhost—perhajw even by the ghost of M. Funichon. Perhaps, after all, he baa not vet played bis last game with his favourite set. He may have returned—shall we say from—where? to try just one more set-to with us! If my dear Sir"—I waved my pipe affably, as though addressing an nnseen personage—it is really you, I beg von will reveal youraelf—materialise ijc^ Ibalievc, theexprcaaon now in vogue—and ehow us the sort of ghost you are!" Somewhat to my surprise, and considerably to my amusement, St- Servan rose from Iris seat and stood by the table, stiff and straight as a scaffold pole. . •• These, Monsieur, axe subjects on which one docs not jest." "Do you, then, believe in ghosts?" I knew he was a superstitious man—witness his fidelity to the superstition of right divine—but this was the first inkling 1 had had of how far his superstition carried him. " Believe I—la ghosts! In what, then, do you believe? X, Monsieur, am a religious man." "Do you believe, then, that a ghost is present with us now—the ghost, for instance, of M. Femchion F' . * St. Servan paused. Then he crossed himself— actually crossed himself before my eyes. When be spoke there was a peculiar dryness in bis tone. " With your permission, Monsieur, I will re tire to bed." There was an exasperating thing to sav: There must be a large number of men in the world who would give—well, a good round sum, to light even on the trail of a gboet. And here were we in the actual presence <of something— let us say apparently curious, at any rate, and bete was St. Servan calmly talking about Society turn in their graves. Ike mere suggestion fired my .blood. " I do beg, St. Servan, that you at least will finish the game." I saw be hesitated, so I drove the nail well home. Is it possible that you, a brave man, having given proofs of courage on countless fields, cjin turn tail at what is doubt- Iobs an hallucination after all ?" •* Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage r I knew the tone—if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my bands. *' Come, St. Servau, sit down and finish the game.'' Another momentary pause. He sat down, and—it would not be correct to write that we finished the game, but we made another effort to go on. My pipe had gone out. I refilled and lighted itL " You know, St. Servan, it is really nonsense to telk about ghosts." " It is a subject on which I never talk.** " If something does compel ns to make moves which we do not intend, it is something which is capable of a natural explanation." " Perhaps Monsieur win explain it, then?** "I will! Before I've finished! Xfvouonly won't torn tail and go to bed! I think it veiy islble, too, that the influence, whatever it is, i gone—it is quite on the cards that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, bat before yon do anything just tell me what move you mean to make." I will move"—be hesitated—" I will move queen's pawn. He pat out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, be moved king's rook's pawn two squares. " So ! Our friend is still here then ? I suppose you did not change your mind F" There was a very peculiar look about St. Servan's eyes. " I did not change my mind." I noticed, too, that bis lips were uncom monly compressed. " It is my move now. I will move queen's pawn. We are not done yet. When I put out my Land you grasp my wrist—and we shall see what we shall see." " Shall I oorne round to you ?*' " No, stretch out across the table—now !" I stretched oat my hand; that instant he stretched out bis, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be, another, an unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too. " There appears to be another hand between yours and mine." " I know there is.** Before I had the words well out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, thai unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn two squares, St. Servan and I sat staring at eaiji other. For my part I felt a little " litis is very curious! Very carious indeed ! But before we say anything about it we will try another little experiment, if you don't mind. I will oome over to yon." I went over to him. "Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands." I grasped it us firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to move queen's pawn." He began to raise his hand, I holding on to his wrist with all my strength. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the table when two unseen hands, grasping mine, tore them away as though my strength were of no account. I saw him give a sort of shudder—he had moved queen'6_bishqps's pawn two squares. This is a devU of a ghost," I ssid. fst. Servan said nothing; but he crossed himself not once, but h»1f a dozen times. " There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make." St. Servan sho<>k his head. "Not I!" he said. " Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which [can make without your aid. £ amply want to know if there is nothing tangible about onr unseen viator except his hands. It is my move.'' I returned to my side of the table. 1 again addressed myself, as it were, to ail un seen auditor. " My good ghost, my good M. Fuuiciion—if it is you—you are at liberty to 'lo as you desire with my hand." I held ti out. it instantlv was grasped. With my left hand I made several passes in the air up and down, behind and before, in every direction, so far as £ could. It met with, no resistance. There seemed to be nothing tangible bnt those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist—and I bad moved queen's bishop's pawn two squares. St. Servan rose from his seat. " It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry must cease. It had been better had Monsieur permitted me to retire to bed." •'Then you are sure it is a ghost—the ghost of M. Funichon, we'll say." " This time Monsieur must permit me to wish him a good night's rest. " He bestowed on me, as his manner was, a stiff inclination of the head, which would have led a stranger to suppose that we bad met each other for the first time not ten minutes age instead of being the acquaintances of twetv good years. He moved across the room. St. Servan, one moment before you go! You are surely not going to leave a man alone at t he post of periL" It is better that Monsieur should come too." Half a second, and X wilL X have on] one remark to make, and that is to the ghost. 1 X rose from, my seat. St. Servan made a "-mqi ••If thereiseny otiief peraon wMi room, may X ask that person to let us hear voice, or hers f Inst to speak one word." Not a eound. "It is possible—I am acquainted with the la.W£ which govern—eh—ghosts—tfcjttthe faculty of speech is denied to them. Ii that be so, mifltit X ask for the favour of a. rign—for " stance, move a piece while my friend and I re shui fling where we axe." Not a sign; not a chessman moved. " Then, JL Funichon, if indeed it be y* and you axe incapable of speech or even oi moving a. piece niece or ol 3 yoar own accord, and an only able to (poll our game, I beg to inform : you that you are an exceedingly ill-mannered and foolish person, and had far better have etaidaway." •As X said this I was conscious of* current of ooldair before my face, as though a swiftlymoving hand had shaved my cheek. "By Jove, St. Servan, something baa happened at last X believe onr friend the ghost has tried to box my earn!" St- Servan's reply came quiotly stern. •'X think it were better that Monsieur came with me." For some mason St. Servan's almost can- anntuoas coldness fired my blood. X became " I saall do nothing of the kind 1 So you think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery conjuring truck which would disgrace a stance t Driven to bed at this time of day by a gboatl And «such a ghoet! If it were aomethinglike a ghost one wouldn't mind: bnta fool of a ghost like this !" Even as the words passed my lips I felt the toncb at fingers against my tbwl Tbe tonch increased mr rage. I autrindit them, only to find Biitaww was nothing thego. *• Damn yon!" Icriod. ".FnnidKBi, yon old fool, doyott think that you can frighten wutY Ton see those diwwn; they are mine, bought and paid for with my monty—you daze totiy and prevent me doing with them exactly as I please. " Hp'" tbe touch against my throat. It made i my rage tbe more. "As I live, I vnUmuah them all to pieces, and grind tliem to powder beneath my heeL" My passion was ridiculous—childish even. But then the circumstances were exasperating —unusually so, one might plead. I was standing three or four feet from the table. I dashed forward. Afl I did so, a hand was fastened on my throat. Instantly it was j caned by another. They gripped me tightly. They maddened me. With a madman's fury I still pressed forward. I might as well have fought with fate. They clutched me as with bonds of steel, end flung me to the ground. X£L When I recovered consciousness I found St. Servan bending over me. "What is tbe matter ?'• I inquired, when I found that X was lying on the floor " I think you must have fainted;" "Fainted! I never did such a thing in my life. It must have been a curious kind of faint, I think." " It was a curious kind of faint." With his assistance I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered. I glanced round. There were tbe chessmen still upon the board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I seemed to have lost the use of my tongue. In silence he helped me to tbe door. He half led, half carried me—for I seemed to bave lost the use of my feet as well as that of my tongue—to my bedroom. He even assisted me to undress, never leaving me till I was between the sheets. All the time not a word was Epoken. When he went I believe he took the key outside and locked the deor. That was a night ot dreams. I know not if I was awake or sleeping, but all sorts of strange things presented themselves to my mental eye. I could not shut them from my sight. One figure was prominent in all I saw—the figure of a man. I knew, or thought I knew, that it was M. Funichon. He was a lean old man, and what X noticed chiefly were his hands. Such ugly hands! In eotne fantastical way I seemed to be contending with them all through thenight- And yet in the morning when I woke—for X did wake up, and that from as sweet, refreshing sleep as one might wish to bave—it was all gone. It was bright day. The eun was bhining into the great, ill-furnished room. As X got -oat of bed and began tp dress, the humorous side of the thing bad returned to me again. The idea of there being anything supernatural about a eet of ivory chessmen appeared to me to be extremely funny. I found St. Servan had gone out. It was actually half-past ten ! His table d'hAte at the Hotel de Bretagne was at eleven, and before he breakfasted be always took a petit verre at the dub. If he had locked thed'jor overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before be started. I went into the rambling, barn-like room which served ns for a salmi. The chessmen had disappeared. Probably St Servan had put them away—I wondered if the ghost had interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I went out — fancy St. Servan contending with a ghost. Hie proprietor of the Hotel de Bretagne is Legitimist, eo all the aristocrats dine there— of course, St. Servan with the rest, because, presumably, the landlord's politics are congeuiaL As to his cooking it is apparently indifferent—T never knew a worse table in all my life! Tbe landlord of the H6tel de l'Europe may be a Communist for all I care — his cooking b first-rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After I had breakfasted I strolled off toward the Grando Hue, to H. Bobineau. When he saw me, M. Bobinoau was all smirks and smiles—he must have got those chessmen for less five-and-twenty francs! I asked him if he bad any more of tbe belongings of M. Funichon. "Butcertainly! Three others sets of chess] men." I didn't want to look at those, apparently one set was quite enough for me. Was that au he had? " But no! There was on ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved—" I Unnlrwl him—nor did X want to look at that. In the Grande Hue at Morlaix old bureaus carved about the beginning of the fifteenth centniy—if you listen to the vendors— are as plentiful as cobblestones. "But I have all sorts of things of H. Funichon. It was I who bought than nearly alL Books, papere, and—" M. Bobineau waved his bands toward a multitude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at the side of bis shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I found it was in manuscript. "That work is unique!" exclaimed Bobinsan. "It was the intention of M. Funichon to give it to the world, but be died before his purpose was complete. It is the record of all the 1 ones of chess he ever played—in fifty volumes, "onsieur will peraeive it is unique." X should think it was unique! In fifty volumes! Tbe one I held was a large quarto, bound in leather, containing some ai or seven hundred pages, and was tilled from cover to cover with matter in a fine, clear handwriting, written on both sides of the pa§ e. I pictured the face of the publisher to whom it was suggested that he should give to the world such a work as that. I opened the volume at tbe firstpage. It was, as Bobineau said, apparently tbe record, with comments, of an interminable series of games of cheas. I glanced at tbe initial game. Here are the opening moves, just as they were given there:— w' H nr.. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King's Enight'6 Pawn, one square. Queen's Book's Pawn, two squares. King's Jiook's Pawn, two squares.. « BLACK. * Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King'B Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Book's Pan n, two squares. King's Book's Pawn, two squares. They were exactly the moves of the night before. They were such peculiar moves and made under such peculiar circumstances that I was scarcely likely to mistake them. So far as we had gone, St. Servan and I, assisted by the unseen hand, had reproduced M. _ Funichon's initial game in tbe first volume of bis fifty—and avesy peculiar game it seemed to be. 1 asked Bobineau what he would take for the volume which I held. Monsieur perceives that to part them would for a five- franc piece, which is less than the value of the paper and the binding." I knew then that be had probably been paid for carting the rubbish away. However, I paid him his five-franc piece, and marched off with the volume under my arm, giving hivn to understand, to bis evident disappointment, that at my leisure I would give hiin instructions is to tbe other fortv-nine. As I went along I thought the matter over. iL Funichon seemed to bave been a singular kind of man—he appear^l to have carried his singularity even bevond tbe grave. Could it have been the cold-blooded intention of his ghost to make us play the whole contents of the fifty volumes through ? What a fiend of a ghost his gbost must be" I opened tbe volume and studied the initial game. The people were right who had said that fiie men was mad. None but an imbecile would bave played such a game—his right hand against fro recorded liis Jmbecility raTbUckauad as thongb itwere a thing to be proud of! tainly none but a criminal lunatic would have endeavoured to foist his puerile travesty of the game and study -of chess upon two innoceat men. Still, the filing was curious. I flattered mr self that St Servan would be startled when be caw the contents of the book I was carrying home. I resolved that £ would instantly get out tbe chessmen and begin another game—perhaps tbe ghost of M. Funi chon would favour ns with a further exposition of Iris ideas of things. I even nade up my mind fiwt X would communicate with the Psychical Besearch Society. Not at all improbably they might think tbe case suScientiy remarkable to send down a member of fiiair body to inquire into tbe thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on the 'on of a ghost, a ghost, too, which might * to perform at will—almost on the of "drop a coin into the slot and the move!" It was cheap at a hundred francs. What a stir those chessmen still might make! What vexed problems they might •(Ave! Unless X was much mistaken, the expenditure of those bnndzed francs bad placed mo on the royal road to immortality. Filled with each, thoughts I readied our rooms. X (bond that St Servan bad retained. With faun,if I may sav so. be bad brought bis fnendfi. Such friends! Ya Goth*! When I opened Hie door the first thing that greeted me was a strong, not to say suffocating, smell of iniwiM. Tbe room was filled with smoke. A fire was blaxinr on the hearth. Before it WM St. Servan on bis knees, bis bands clasped in frantof him, in an attitodeof ptayvr. By him stood a priest In bis robes of office. Hie held ( wiutaoemed* pestle sad mortar, wfaxe contents be was throwing by handful* into the flamst. muttering soma doggerel to himself the wbOe. Behind wen two acolytes, Witt pin dnaafiwei anil nlco white stoles, who woe swinging owacri—bence fin odour which filled the room. I was surprised when X bebflu all this. They appeared to beholding •ome sort of religious service— and I had not bargained for that sort of thing when X had arranged with St. Servan to share the rooms with him. In my surprise I unconsciously interrupted the proceedings. " St. Servan! Whatever is the meaninc of L this?" St. Servan looked up and the priest looked round—that was all tee attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I conceived to be a Erin upon their faces. But I wasn't to be pat down like that. " £ must ask you, St. Servan, for an explanation.** The priest tamed the mortar upside down and emptied the remainder of its contents into the tire. " It is finished," he said. St. Servan rose from his knees and crossed liinwlf, - "We have exorcised the demon," he observed. " Ton have what r" I asked. " We have driven out the evil spirits which possessed the chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck me. " You don't mean to say that you have dared to playtrickB with my property "f" " Monsieur," said the priest, "X have ground it into dust." He bad. That fool of a St. Servan bad actually fetched his parish priest, and his aoolytes, and their censers, and between them they bad performed a comnrinatory serv te made and provided for the driving out of demons. They bad ground my ivory chessmen in tbe pestle and mortar, and then burned them in the fire. And this in the days of the Psychical Research Society! And they bad cost me a hundred francs ! And that idiot of a ghost had never stretched out a hand or said a word.—T he Corn- hilt Magazine. 