A FEW WORDS FROM AN " OLD. PATH" CHRISTIAN. .To the FUditor offhs Queensslnd Tim's. Sra,-As I have read several reports of Christadelphian lectures and addressesin your paper, of late, in which Christian people in general, and Christian ministers in particular, are somewhat roughly handled, I venture, as an "Old-Path' Christian, to mnake a brief statement of those things which are most surely believed among us, and to endeavour to show that, in holding fast the belief which we do, we are not holding "a pack of traditions of men of corrupt minds which have been handed down from the dark ages." I quote now from a letter, in your issue of the Ist of May, signed "Christadelphian." First of all, let me call attention to one or two features in the reasoning of our Christa delphian friends. a. We are over and over again informed that there is no passage ih the Bible which states that man has an immortal soul. To this, I wonld reply that there is no passage in the Bible which states there is a God. The nearest approach to it that I know of is "The fool hath said in his heart there is no God;" but this can scarcely be taken as a text given to prove the existence of a God. But just as the Bible becomes utterly meaningless unless we assume that there is a (God, so I sub mit it becomes meaningless unless we assures that man is something more than living matter- that he has in short, a soul which, being in its nature spirit, cannot perish. b. Our friends continually tell us, as if it was a discovery of the most advanced scholar ship, that the Greek word translated " spirit" is derivel from the word which means to blow or to breathe. Personally, I am very grateful for the information ; but, until it was given to us on their authority, I had an idea that most people who had been to school knew it already. They do not, however, probably from the modesty which always goes hand-in-hand with profound scholarship, tell us that in the only place, in the New Testament, where the word "breath" occurs (" Seeing He giveth to all life, and breath, and all things"-Acts xvii., 25) the Greek word used is puon (pnoe). Now, the word "' breath" here clearly denotes the mechanical act of breathing. Why, then, if breath and spirit are inter changeable terms, did not the Apostle use the word puesua, which, elsewhere, is invariably used to denote the spirit as distinguished fromln the flesh or body. I admit that pnoe and pneuma are derived from the same word; but I deny that they are interchangeable, and I challenge the Christadelphians to quote one passage where pneuma is used to denote the mere mechanical act of breathing, or pnoe to mean spirit in the sense that St. Plaul used it when he said "That we should walk in new, ness of spirit," or, "If ye through the Spirit do multiply the deeds of the body,' &c.; Pos sibly, before long, we shall have a Christa delphian trauslation of the Bible, and then, maybe, we shall 'get such translations as "God is a breath, and they that worship Him must worship Him in breath and truth; "Now is my breath troubled even unto death;" "Father, into Thy hands I commit my breath;" " Walk in the breath, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh." They are heartily welcome to their own ideas on this matter; but personally I am inclined to say, " No man, also, having drunk old wine, straightway desireth new; for he saith, the old is better." c. The exigesis of our friends is open to grave objection. As a rule, in their letters or reported addresses there is a most ecxtraordinary junibling together of texts from all parts of the Scripture with the most charm ing indifference as to their contexts, reminding us of the exegesis of that genius who under took to prove that suicide was a Scriptural command. On being challenged to do so, he replied, "Does not Scripture say, 'Judas went out and hanged himself,' and 'Go thou and do likewise;'" It is a generally received canon of interpretation that no more must be put into a passage than the Spirit of God put into it. When this canon is violated, the Scriptures are not interpreted, but wrested. One illustration of how often this is done will suffice. Romans ii., 7-" To them who by patient continuance in well-doing seek for glory, and honoor, and immortality, eternal life," is often brought forward to prove that eternal life is not a present possession, but one to be bestowed at the coming of Christ. I submit that such an interpre tation puts more into the passage than the writer intended to put. Let anyone read the chapter carefully through, and see what the apostle was trying to prove. The eleventh verse shows it exactly-" There is no respect of persons with God." The whole drift of the chapter is that, so far as acceptance with God is concerned, there is no difference between Jews and Gentiles. Whether a man is a Jew or a Gentile, if he, by patient continuance in well-doing, seeks for glory, honour, and inmmortality, God will render to him eternal life; and if he is contentious, and does not obey the truth, whether he be Jew or Gentile, God will render unto him indignation and wrath, tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man (I wonder what that expression " soul of man" means) that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile. Again I say, let any one read the chapter, and he will see that, to make the passage prove that eternal life is not a present possession, but a future one, is to imnport into it something altogether foreign to the apostle's argument, which was that, although Jew and Gentile differed greatly in point of privilege, there was no difference be tween them so far as aeceptanee is concerned. "For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law, and as many an have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law." I could give other examples of sllias Christadlelphian exegesis, but I forbear. d. "Christadephian," in his letter published in your issue of the Ist of May, says, "' The present tense is used frequently in Scripture to express the ultimate purposes of deity." The object of this statement is evident. The Lord Jesus said, " He that heareth mey words and believeth in Uim that sent me, hath ever lasting life, and shall not come intocondemna tion; but is passed from death unto life' (John v., 24). Such a statement as this, unless in some way or other explained away, would be fatal to the Christadelphian theory. Hence, the attempt to mnake the words " hath everlasting life," In that passage, mean "shall have everlasting life." But does "Chrsta delphian really ask us to believe that because Isaiah, speaking prophetically, said, "Unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given,' years before our Saviour was actually born, that, therefore, when Jesus, speaking to the Jews, said, "He that heareth my words and be lieveth in Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life," He did not mean that they had it then and there, but they would hlave it some time or other, 1000 or 2000 years ahead ! Did St. John thus understand Hint? What did St. John himself say ? "These things have I writ ten to you that believe in the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe in the name of the Son of God." (1st John v., 13). Again, was the Lord Jesus in the habit of using a present tense to denote something u:ill in the future ? When He said to the nobleman "Go thy way ; thy son liveth ;" did he mean that his son was only living in the purpose of God ? Does not the narrative show us tha the very hour Jesus said "Thy son liveth," he was healed of his sickness--he lived. On the other hand, when Jesus promised something that was still in the future, he used a future tense. When he re ferred to the out-pouring of the Spirit, which at the timee was something in the future, He said, "I He that believeth in Me out of his belly shall flow (not does flow) rivers of living water." And again, "I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter." "The Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost whom the Father will send in my name, He shall teach you all things' I could quote more passages to show that the Lord Jesus in His dealings with men used the present tense when he gave a present blessing, anti the future lwhen He promised something still to coame ; but I must not occupy too muche of your space. The attempt of "Christa delphian" to support his contention by quotilg the passage, "Who calleth those things that be not as thogh they were," is simply a wreet ing of Scripture. Let anyone read the whole of the chapter in which that passage occurs (Rom. iv.), and then say if it is likely that by those words St. Paul intended to teach that the Lord Jesus sometimes used a present tense in a future sense. Is it too much, then, to assert that those Christians who really and truly believe on the Lord Jesus Christ are, quite within the limits of Scripture whlen they believe that they have eternal life ? And now, sir, let me as briefly as possible endeavour to state the belief of the Christian Church. The Churches believe that those who believe on the Lord Jesus Christ have as a present possession everlasting life. They are born of God (John i., 12-13). They are passed from death unto life (John v, 24). Searching the Scriptures, we find that there is a real union spoken of as existing between the risen Lord and the beiievers. fle figure of the vine and the branches, the head and the members of the body, the husband and wife, are used to illustrate that nuion. That union is a spiritual union, and is the result of the Spirit, which was given without measure to the Son, dwelling in and on the believer. Do I need to quote passages to sup port this statement? " Because I live, ye shall live also;" "Know ye not that your bodice are members of Christ ;" " He that is joined to the Lord is one Spirit;" " Know ye not that your body is the temple of thle Hdly Ghost which is in you ?" Then the believer is commuanded to walk in the Spirit. He is told that the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh ; that if he through the Spirit mortifies the deeds of the body, he shall live. He is said to have the witness in himself. The Spirit is said to witness with hIis spirit that he is a clhild of God. (Our friends may translate it, "The Breath beareth wit ness with our breath," if they please). I have not nearly exhausted the teaching of the Scrip ture on this point; but I have surely quoted sufliciently to show that the New Testament does not regard man asa mere piece of mechlan ism, composed of flesh, blood, and bones; but rathler that the flesh and blood form the pre sent dwelling-place of a spirit that has ieen renewred in the image of Him who created it. "Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you ?" (list Cor. iii., 10.) Next, I will endeavour to state, as briely as possible, the view of the Christian Church concerning the Christian after death. I be lieve that all Christians are agreed that the resurrection of the body will not take place until the Lord's return, but our belief is that, at death the soul or spirit of tile believer passes into the presence of the Lord, and there con sciously awaits the consummation of all thligs, when its portal body shall be quickened and restored to it a spiritual, an incorrtptible, a glorified body. As briefly as possible I will state the ground of this belief. St. Paul, iu 2nd Cor. iv., 16, says--" For which cause we faint not, but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day.'" W\hat is the inward man there alluded to except it be the soul or spirit? In the very first verse of the next chapter he goes on to say that we know that, if our earthly house of tis tabernacle is dissolved, we have a build ing of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. Let anyone read the verses carefully through, and what does he find ? That the Christian in his earthly house of this tabhernacle groans, being burdened, but he rejoices in the fact that, though it will be dis salved, he has another lhouse eternal in the heavens. The inward man groans within the outward man of flesh and blood, and sighs for the time when he shall be clothed upon with hIis house which is from heaven. It emay be (verse 3, chapter v.) that, for a time, he will have to exist as a naked, an unclothed spirit; but he will be clothed upon ultluotely mortality will be swallowed up of himn. God has wrought him for this thing, and has given him the earnest of the Spirit, and, therefore, he is confident, for, although while at home in the body he is absent from the Lord, yet he is confident, and would greatly prefer to be absent from the body and precent with the Losd. Have I in any waay distorted the Apostle's argument? Let unyone whlo will read the whole passage, and see. Again, if Abraham and Isaac and Jacob were, at tile tuime our Lord spoke, nmere heaps of dust and ashes, where is the force of the Lord's words, " He is not the God of the dead, but of the living." If Paul, and John, and James, and Peter are not now in conscious existence, God is no longer their God. He is not the God of the dead, but of the living. Again, on the Mount of Transfiguration, Moses and Elias ap peared with Christ in glory. Whence came they? Were they suddenly gathered up from the dust to appear with Jesus in glory for a moment, and then immediately reduced again, for an uncertain time, to dust and ashes? Again, who are the great cloud of witnesses represented in Hebrew xii., 1, as watching the Christian's race The previous chapter gives us a long account of the heroes of faith, and loses by saying that these all having obtained agood report through faith, received not the promise, God having provided some better ~thing for us-that they, without us, should ot he made perfect. " Wherefore," says the Apostle, "seeing we are encompassed about weith so great a cloud of witnesses, let us run the race,' &c.; Who then are these witnesses ? Surely the departed saints. But, if they are only dust and ashes, and have no conscious existence, how can they watch us running our race? Lastly, thereare theisolated passages of the New Testament whichl go to prove the same thing. Thedying Stephen saying, "Lord Jesus receive my spirit;" Paul saying, "To die is gain," " We are willing rather to be ab sent from the body, and to be present with the Lord,' and "For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart and be soith Christ, which is far better;" Peter saying, " Shlortly I must put off this my taternaet" all these go to inspire the Christian with the Apostolic confidence that when he is absent from the body he will be in conscious existence present with the Lord. Lastly, What do the Churches teach con cerning the future of those who die out of Christ? Concerning their state between death and the coming of Christ, thcyteach nothing. for the simple reason that Scripture teaches nothing. Many of us have our private opinions on the matter; but, as we do not wish to be wise beyond what is written, we never dog matise on the subject. But the Churches do believe and teach that, when Christ shall come to judgment, the wicked dead will surely stand before Him, and receive the due reward of their deeds. (Mat. xxv., 31-46; Reino ii., 16; Heb ix., 27; Rev. xx., 11-15, &c.;, hc.) In conclusion, let me say that l am a man of peace, and have an intense dislike to religious controversy. I am not vain enough to hope to convince the Christadelphians; and I sumely do not condemn them for holding and teaching what they believe. To their onn Master they stand or fall. My one object in writing was, seeing that the faith of meany earnest Chris tians has been somewhlat bitterly attacked, to give a reason for the hope thlat is in us, and I trust that I have done so with meekness and Godly fear. Thanking you, sir, for your courtesy in in serting this, I beg to sign myseTlf, . AN OLD-PATH CHRISTIAN. M1ay 2 