^TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1890. j' B&xlway; Employees1. Spokts.v—On i eveningJast a meetiiag of the:-rail-, j fway^^mployees was'beld at the Harra-. jicoarfceHoiffil *to consider the advisability* of 'holding sports and a-picnic sometime during the Christmas holidays.. There ■was a good attendance; and Mr. W. H. iEtoggarth, J.P., Besideut-Engineer of the iSontn-East, .occupied the cnair. After ■ some discussion, it was decided to leave the date of the gathering open for the present. :.as* the business men in Narracoorte had j'not yet decided upon what days they '•would close their establishments. If they would close on .Thursday, Friday; and : ^Saturday, it would be held the latter day; ' but if tney closed on the 29th December, ; instead of Saturday, the 27th, they would probably fix the date for Monday. It was derided to hold the sports and picnic on the Narracoorte crieket ground; and that the public be asked to jom in making the gathering a success. Amongst other sports, it was decided to have two Sheffield Handicaps—one for the railway employees, and the other for all- comers. An adjournment was made till Friday evening next, wheir A .meeting will be held to arrange the details. !a No-Confidence Motion on the Tapis.—The " Register " states that the Ministry are threatened with a no-confidence motion, several members of the Opposition having, been found out in the terrible crime* of plotting. Sir J. W. Downer is spoken of as the leader required in the coming fight. If members are anxious to do some little business this session they had better give crisis-mongering aspelL The Colleen Bawn.—On Friday evening the Narraeoorte Dramatic Club will reproduce"' The Colleen Bawn," the proceeds being in aid of the Club.' This is the best and most complete production that has yet been presented by our local amatenrs, they having gone to great expense in mounting the piece with excellent scenery and effects. The production of the play having already met with an enthusiastic reception, and the prices of admission having been reduced to 2s and Is., we are sure that they will have a large audience on : Friday evening. The Premiers of the . various colonies are consulting about the date for holding the. Federation Convention. Sir Henry Farkes suggests January next, and Mr. I Gillies March. Who is Interested ?—There is a small measure, passing .through Parliament entitled the Public- Trustee Bill, the discussion on whi ch assumed a peculiar turn in the Assembly the other day. We believe the Bill was originated in the Upper House by the Hon. XL C. Baker, who gave it to be understood that the measure was designed to benefit a number of minors, who might from the peculiar construction of wills be placed in difficulties in respect to the economical administration of the estates in_ which they might be interested. On the Bill heingconsideredin Committee in the_ Assembly our senior member said, the Bill was designed to meet the case of a squatter in the South-Bast, giving this as a reason for opposing a clause in the measure. It woffid certainly be interesting to know, what is at the bottom of the measure. Mr. Osman appeared to have some, idea "of the object of the Bill. "He Mid the intention .was to remove encumbrances on landed estate by allowing the owner to lodge equivalent security in the Court. He lmew of an' estate of 20,601 acres, which had been liable to- pay annuities-of £1,200. on three lives, and when two of the legatees' died, leaving the liability at only £400 per annum, the owner was J unable- to. sell an acre. Th& Bill "would meet such a caseas that, and ample security for the £400 would still exist'. Mr. Dashwood, one, of - the legal members of the House," said the case of the squatter, referred to by Mr. Ash would not come under the 'Sill, because the persons interested had'arrived' at a settlement. The Bill; would tend, to the division of large, estates, and the Judges would see that beneficiary under wills had a quid pro..qno for landed security.^ If the Bill will do what Mr. Dashwooil "says it will we "are always pleased to welcome such, ^measures; but if it is specially introduced .to,, meet one particular case we do not "think Parliament has any right to interfere. ^ Aconference on Australasian Charity is at present sitting in Melbourne, and representatives from all the colonies are taking part in its deliberations.' Miss C. Hi Spence,nf Adelaide, read an able paper on the administration of charity in South Australia. •' 'This colony, she said, so far as she knew, was the only one of the Australian colonies where the most socialistic principle of English legislation, the right of destitute persons to claim shelter and food from the public funds, still held good. In the other Australian colonies the Government aided substantially the. various charitable organizations. But in South Australia alone was the Government directly responsibie for the administration of charity. .The main stream of relief therefore flowed through the Government Destitute- Board, the Government-Hospital, and the Government Lunatic Asylums. Miss Spence referred at" some length to the operations. of the Destitute Board of South Australia, and 'said its methods were so good that she would like to see thein imitated. ,- Institdte' Trustees.—A meeting of the Institute Trustees was held on Saturday, evening,the 15th inst. There were presentMessrs, A. Atttwill (Chairman), J.'-McGilchrist, A. EL Pcako, and A. Caldwell An account amounting to £9 Is was •received for. material used in erecting the Wtoriyy m corinectioii with the " Colleen Bawn, .arid also one of £2 10s for share of painting the scenery as per agreement wito- itiie /Harmcoorte Dramatic Club. These accounts, amounting in all to £11 lis, were passed for payment. This scenery, though specially . prepared : forttThe Colleen Bawn'1, w>il houseful for other pieces the club may play from time totime, and will be a handsome addition :io the stage scenery. Mr. J. J. Taylor applied for the use of hall stage to prepare scenery for Apsley Institute. This was granted oncOndition that the work did not interfere "with thb occupation of the hall. -Mr.J. J. Taylor wrote, stating that one of the travelling troupes which played in .Narracoorte recently had considerably ^damaged the scenery and took away some of the ropes, and offering to look after the scenery in consideration of receiving a -pearly ticket of membership. The request was gladly complied, the Secretary to write informing him of his appointment as caretaker of the scenery. The Trustees discussed.the advisability of calling upori travelling ttonps to deposit a certain amount as a guarantee for leaving the swinery in the same repair as they find it, bpt nothing ryas done. Fudu-Week's Engagements.—The engagements of people in Narracoorfe this week should be more than ordinarily full. O.n : Tuesday night there is the Debating Club's monthly meeting; on-Wednesday afternoon there is the Wesleyan Sunday school picnic, .which will be held - in a paddock- of Mr. T. Magarey's, in the direction of the Cemetery; and in the eVeaing the annual Sunday school meeting will be held, and the "Variety Fair in connection with St. Paul's Church will open in the Institute Hall ; on Thursday Afternoon and evening the business in connection with the Fair wiU be continued ; on Friday evening the Narracoorte Dramatic Club will again play "-The" Colleen Bawn" ; and on Saturday evening " Little Lord Fauatleroy" will be played-hv a company who are making a provincial tour of the colonies. The Rev. W. M. Teape was to'have delivered a lecture in connection with the Debating Club on " Looking Backwards," but this will probably have to be postponed to a more convenient season. There are also, one or two important gatherings in connection with the fashionable world. It is to be hoped that all will be successful. Kincraig Institute. — The . usual .monthly meeting of the Committee was held on Tuesday evening last, the 11th inst.. There were presentMessrs. A. "Attiwill, A. H. Peake, A. Wallace, Dr. Macmillan, J. Magarey, E. E. Davies, J. Thomson, and W- F, Loutit (hou; secretary). Dr. Macmillan, Vice-President, occupied the chair. The minutes of last | meetiug were read and confirmed. The Treasurer's financial statement was read as follows :—General Fund.—Receipts— Subscriptions, £6 4s; expenditure, £5 3s | 6d; credit balance, £6 18s 5cL Building fund.—Receipts, £5 5s; expenditure, nil" overdraft, £215 6s 5 A Letters were read from the Secretary of the Public Library in reference to voting for Governors, and pointing'out that the election takes place on the 25th October ia each year.—Received. From G. P. Smith offering magazines for 1891 at 1899 prices.—Ra°ceived. From Messrs, A. Wallace and E. E. Davies stating that 19 new subscribers had been -obtained, and pointing out the advisability of lower subscription for youths under 20. A vote of thanks was passed to Messrs. A. Wallace and E. E. Davies. The Secretary stated that he had written to Kingston, Mount Gambier, Penola, Gawler, Kapunda, Auburn. Terowie, and Port Pirie iu respect to scale of tariff for hall, and that he had received answers from all but Terowie and Port Pirie. It was proposed by Mr. A.Wallace that Messrs. Attiwill. Peake, Loutit, and Wallace be a sub-committee to revise scale, and report at next meeting.— Seconded by Mr. Loutit and carried. The Secretary reported that many books and periodicals required binding.—It was resolved that the Librarian be instructed to look through the books and report at next meeting. Mr. Wallace gave notice that he would move at next meeting—" That £10 be expended in novels." Several accounts were passed for payment. It was proposed •by Mr. Peake—"That the 'Narracrorte Herald" and 'Register" be procured and filed from 1st January, 1893," This was seconded by Mr. "Wallace; and on a vote teeing taken the proposition was lost. Mr. Spence. the President of the Shearers'Union, visited the electorate of Normanby last week, with a view of seeing what ehauces he had against Mr. Shiels, the new Victorian Attorney-GeneraL The pulse did not beat his way; and Mr. Shiels has been re-elected unopposed. We are confident that Mr. Shiels will 1 make an able and energetic administrator.' : I. I From all parts of the coloues there are I alarming accounts of the!'locust pest, and I if some unusual occurrence cues not enterpose to destroy them there "will be very little summer feed for the stpcfc W e hear of a good many swarms is this district. Professor JQowrie has tried ^he experiment of syringing,- with a cycbne nozzle, a solution , at the rate of 1 lb of London purple to 200 gallons -ofl water upon herbage infested with locusts, with the result that the locusts were destroyed wholesale, whilst the farm animals can eat the herbage without any injury-. Mr. Cock has given nojiee in Parliament that he will propose that an additional tax be placed on barley and oats imported into the colony. \ In reply to Mr. Ash in the Assembly on Thursday last the Commissioner of Public Worts said it was intended; to roof in the platform at the Wolseley Railway Station as soon as the necessary (provision had been authorized on the Loan Bill.. Noxious Weeds. — In Parliament on Thursday the Treasurer moved—" That, an address be presented - to His Excellency the Governor praying His Excellency to issue a proclamation declaring the- Can-, adian thistle a, noxious weed under Acts : 409 of 1887 and 26 of 1862." In speaking to the motion the Treasurer said a resolution on the subject had been carried in the Legislative Council,, and when the House approved of it:the thistle would be'proclaimed. The-weed was confined to two. or three patches in the South-East,. and instructions had been given to the owners of laud on which it was. growing to destroy it, but they had only partiallydone so, and as the District Councils had no power to 'cpmpel them it was .desired that the ye'ed might be.fproclaimed. .The Canadian thistle was most difficult to eradicate, as every portion of the root would grow, and as it would speedily become a great nuisance the necessity of arresting its spread; was: apparent. • During the course of a short debate Mr. Ash said .proclamations had already been issued. with regard to. weeds, and the result had been considerable injury to farmers and squatters iu the Soutn-East who. had been compelled to spend hundreds of pounds: to exterminate the weeds,. They relied upon the District Councils, who gave the instructions, to see that the weeds were cleared in other parts, but thai was. not done, and the result-was-that the farmers i and squatters simply wasted their money.; Mr. Cock said that the Scotch thistle which had been proclaimed proved; to be . an advantage to the farmers and others ! ■rather than otherwise, because.it was now { used as a fodder plant, but the Canadian ' thistle was different. Several unsucces-'j fill attempts had been, made in the-SouthEast to get rid of it. He knew: of land having, been trenched 3 ft.,.but even then the weed was not eradicated. Every inch of the roots grew, and: steps should be taken at once to abolisfi. the weed. The Treasurer's motion was eventually carried. Agricultural Scholarships. -—-Professor Lowrie and the Inspector-General of Schools'met with the: Minister of Education and Mr. Miller, M.P., on Wednesday last, for the purpose of considerr ing the basis upon which the Agricultural i Scholarships (agreed upon by the House on 'the motion "of Mr. Miller) shall be offered. _ An outline was agreed upon. First, it is proposed to divide the colony I into _ six districts, in order that boys.attending schools in the country, where the teaching may not be equal to that of the large schools in the city, may have an [ opportunity of securing a prize. An outline of the syllabus was also sketched.the details of which will be completed by the Professor of Agriculture ana the Inspector-General. Everything possible is to be done to complete the examinations in time to admit of the first six winners entering the College after the new year's vacation. In addition to the scholarships it will be remembered that the House also j agreed to a sum of money not exceeding. £103 being offered to schools for gardening and other rural subjects. This sum wiU be divided amongst the six districts at present under the Inspectors of Schools, as the latter will, in all probability, be the judges.—" Register." Remedies for Snakebite.—The following is the Royal j;Humane Society's directions for the treatment of snakebite— " First, tie a ligature immediately above the bite, between it and the heart. Second, cut the bitten part out round the fang wounds thus (:), a quarter of an inch deep. Lett his wounu ne sucked freely by persons who have no wounds, sores, or cracks in their mouth. Third, if ammonia is available give it mixed with water every halfhour, as long as depression exists, in the following relative doses:—-Two drops to an infant and fifteen drops to an adult, regulating the dose according to age in the above proportions; If ammonia is not available give any other spirit — half a tablespoonful to a child and a tablespoonful to an adult, mixed with three parts of water." The Society gives also this treatment :—" Be Drompt ; every moment is important. Tie something very tightly an inch above the wound. -Don't remove it for some hours. Make some cuts with a knife, or any sharp instrument, across the holes made, by the snake's teeth -, let it bleed freely. Snck the wound for half an hour. Give plentiful does of brandy or wine (spirits are best). Give every ten or fifteen minutes liquid of ammonia in a wineglass' of water thus :— Twelve to fifteen years old, 20 to 25 drops; eight to twelve years old, 15 to 20 drops ; four to eight years old, 10 to 15 drops ; under four years old, 3 to 10 drops. Don't forget to mix in- water, so that the ammonia may be swallowed without pain. Get patient to a doctor quickly as possible ; it is quicker thaii bringing the doctor sometimes." The Land Bill.—During last week the Assembly devoted the major part of their time in considering the Crown Lands Bill in Committee. Previously it bad been decided not to allot pastoral lands through the medium of Boards,- and on Thursday it was decided that in the future pastoral leases should be dealt with as follows:—''Before any pastoral lease shall be granted pursuant to this Act, the Surveyor-General shall, . except where hereinafter otherwise provided, under the direction and subject to the approval of the Commissioner, determine the duration of the proposed lease, the boundaries of the land intended to be comprised therein, the upset annual rent at which the same shall be offered for the first fourteen years of the term, and the value of improve ments (if any) existing on such land ; and thereupon the Commissioner may, upon giving notice thereof in the ' Government Gazette,' cause the lease to be offered for sale by auction." It will thns be seen that payment for improvements for all future leases is abolished; and that the leases will be_ offered for sale by auction. Tn connection with the liability of the Government for payment for improvements made on current leases of pastoral lands, the Government succeeded in carrying their scheme for allowing lessees to surrender and obtaining an additional tenure of their lease. The Bill as it now stands is in somewhat of a muddle, and a number of important amendments will have to be made in it so as to be workable. The New South Wales Parliament is becoming notorious for rowdyism of the most flagrant description, a Mr. Crick being the latest and most vigorous exponent of the art. The House decided to suspend him, and it was only after violently resisting the Sergeant-at-Arms and other officers that Mr. Crick was removed. The disorderly member was then brought before the Speaker for an explanation of his conduct, but he was more abusive than before, and told the Speaker and the Chairman of Committees that they were heavily bribed for assisting to put through the Bill for a scheme of water supply for Broken Hill, and that they were a pair of thieves and robbers. . Mr, Crick was then expelled, and a writ has been issued for the vacant seat. Losses through the Strike.—Mr Henry Gyles Turner, the President of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, has been interviewed by the Melbourne " Herald" on the subject of the present financial and commercial outlook. Mr. Turner states that the loss by the strike has been estimated at anything between £l;000,000 and £2,003,000, according to the | point of view taken. Of this amount three-quarters of a million has fallen upon the wage-earners, and the nest chief " sufferers have been the small shopkeepers. Had the attempt made in connection with the shearers' strike succeeded the result of a blow aimed at £8.000,909 worth of wool would have been to throw back: Australian progress for two or three years. Mr. H. G. Turner is of opinion that there will be an easy money market for three or possibly six months, but considers that it will be twelve months before the community will recover the ground lost through the strike* Restricted enterprise,. _ considerable distress, among- the Unionists, and increased speculation , are indicated, as. probable, for some time tocome* Precedency.—Lord Charles Scott, the Admiral on the Australian Station,, was not present at the Mayor's, dinner last evening (says the " Argus" -of November 113,.though it is well known, that keis. on. a visit to- Melbourne.. The cause of' his absence, which was much commented • Tip on, was a. difference ofopinion as to. the precise degree of precedence, to which he , was entitled.. Lord Charles S'oott holds, that his. proper position is next to the. Governor of 'the, colony-ihi which he, happens to find himself, and before the. Governors of any- other colonies who might be present. The Queen's regulations provide, in regard to precedence in the colonies,that the person next, to. the Governor is fco be the officer in command of the forces,if of- the- rank of' a MajorGeneral,or the officer in command of the navy, if of the rank of an. Admiral.;: and that if there be-.two such officers the-order between them: shall depend upon their relative positions according to-the: army and navy-list.. There-is.a. general qualification which says that persons, holding rank in the United Kingdom, or in any foreign country are not entitled to the same rank. as . of right in any colony, but that such persons may- have such places assigned to them- as the Governor shall think fit,according to the social conditions of - the,_ colony; The question was first raised in Sydney, where His. Excellency the Earl of . Hopetoun was placed next to LordHarrington at a public function,.and Admiral Lord Charles Scott declined to attend. In'the present instance the view taken by the Mayor- of Melbourne is that the Governor of any neighboring colony, like the Governor of our own colony, is the representative of the ..person of the Queen; and that it is not m accordance with our sencs of loyalty that any other officer should be plaoed in precedence of the representative of the Queen. Another consideration which has weighed in. the matter is that the interchange of visits between the Governors of the various colonies is likely to be attended with much benefit to the colonies themselves, and that nothing- should be done which might tend to discourage a custom which is happily becoming every year more thoroughly observed. The Premier Permanent Building Society's Trials.—The Melbourne Pre[ mier Permanent Association trial was concluded on Friday last. The Chief Justice of "Victoria, who conducted the J trial, summed up on Thursday, and the i jury took nearly all davFriday considering I their verdict. A verdict of guilty was returned against Mirams on the first count of having made certain false entries in the balance-sheet with intent to defraud, but recommended him to the merciful consideration of the Court. They found the . other three accused—W. Doherty, the late secretary, John Hedriok and JonnHolten, the late auditors—not guilty on this count, and all_f our .not guilty on the second count of having concurred iu making the same entries with intent to defraud. Another jury has been empanelled for the trial of John Nimmo, John E. Gourlay, and John Stewart, Directors; James Mirams, Secretary ; W. Doherty, accountant ; and Robert Murphy, Bernard J. Mnrpby, and Philip Oorkill, borrowers from the Society, on a charge of conspiracy to defraud. The trial began on Saturday. Mr. Mirams was admitted to bail on Friday. Mr. D ikerty's bail was also extended pending the result of the trial. A Variety Fair.—A Variety Fair in 1 connection with the Church of England ; will be opened in the Institute Hall on Wednesday evening, when a large quantity of fancy and useful goods will be offered for sale. Daring the evening there will be vocal and instrumental music by our leading amateur artistes. The Fair will reopen on Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock, and will be' brought to at close a 10 p.m. The proceeds of the Fair will go towards painting and renovating St. Paul's Church and Schoolroom; and we feel certain the ladies will use all their energy to attain the desired end. A conference of military commandants is to be held in Melbourne this week to consider the advisability of erecting fortifications at King George's Sound, Port Darwin, Thursday Island, and Hobart. General Downes will represent South Australia. Palace Hotel Fires.—Fred. Kimber, a commercial traveller who was recently j sentenced to twelve mouths' imprisonment for being illegally on the premises of the Melbourne Palace Hotel, when several attempts were being made to set it on fire, suecessf ally appealed against the conviction on Friday last. There is a movement on foot for the Presbyterian bodies in Sonth Australia and Tasmania to join the Presbyterian Assembly in Victoria.. As it is. all the Presbyterian churches in the South-East are incorporated with the Victorian Assembly. The ISTew Sonth Wales Government have 'appointed a Board to enquire into cases of distress occasioned by the strike, with power to grant relief. ' Fruits for Preserving.—When Mr West, the irrigation' expert, was sent to America he was requested to ascertain what varieties for frnit not generally grown in Victoria were mostly used for preserving purposes in America. He now recommends the cultivation of the Muir peach as most suitable for drying, and the Foster peach for canning. He also recommends for the latter purpose orange and lemon cling, white and Adriatic figs, Washington navels, and sweet oranges Santa Barbara softshell walnuts. Hatch seedling almonds, Cuthbert raspberry Sharpless and Longwood strawberry, and' Crandell blackberry. The Secretary for Agriculture will procure a standard sample of these, and where frnit growers desire to obtain any varieties, the departmerit will willingly order three -plants of each variety for any individual grower. The trees so imported will be microscopically examined and disinfected to prevent the introduction of new pests. The Returning Officer for the District of Albert.—In reply to a question put by Mr. Ash in the Assembly on Thursday last the Attorney-General said that no appointment had yet been made to the vacant position of Returning**Officer in the electorate of Albert. The weather for this time of the year is most unusual. The rain which fell last week has given vegetation a fresh lease of life ; though the few very hot days we ^ad previously withered up the grass in li -lit sandy soils. The quantity of rain th't fell here on Wednesday and Thursday last as registered at the Post-Office amouated to If inches. The fall was registered as followsAt 9 a.m. on 13th insc.. 930 points ; do. 14,th Inst., 680 Doinfsdo, 15th inst., 60 points. ' Wesleyan Sunday School Anniver- j sary Services.—The anniversary services ; in connection with the Narracoorte; Wesleyan Sunday School were held in the Institute Hall on Sunday last. The hall was tastefully decorated with flowers j and- illuminated texts, which gave the building a. cheerful appearance. The children who were seated on tiers erected j on the stage, sang special hymns during each service in a most creditable, manner, ■ In. the: morning the Rev. "W, G. Clarke ' gave an eloquent, discourse ou the inspiration of the Scriptures, taking his text from i TT Peter, 1st chapter, and 21st verse, j "■ For the prophecy came, not in old time by the will of man; bat holy men of God spake, as. they were moved by the Holy Ghost." He said there, was a great deal of talk at the present time on this subject,, but he could find no greater argument, in favor of the Divine: inspiration than the influenceand power-of the-good old hookon the. people. He- especially touched, on. the necessity for the.home teaching- and. training of the young. He- gave, several strikmg illustrations in proof of. inspiration, ami very-ably-ar^uecr the-subject.. I^con.-; eluding; his remarks, he-, saicL that Bible, ; reading-in State Schools, was highly necessary the: Bible: and religion, being; the. . foundation of o-nrj nation,. ' In- the afternoon a. children's, service-, was. held,, at; which there was a.large attendance;.. Mi... ! Clarke- gave, an interesting, address,, founded on the-, text " What'; manner ■ of child shall this. " be." He. brought.before, them- the, path of life, with its. many- temptations, and. impressed-upom the. children: that, they must, nave, courage to do the, right. He, relate d - some, interesting-anecdotes during the. coarse of ■ his.remarks,and was. attentively- listened* to throughout. There was again a large, attendance at the evening service, when, Mr. Clarke gave another excellent , discourse -ou "-The Coming Kingdom of Christ" founded .on the text " Art, thou: :the King of. the Jews."—St.. John, 18th-. ■ Chapter, part of the 33rd verse.. He dealt, with Christ's life on the earth,, and: hie sufferings and trials, as a King. He .said, the time was now-beginning todawn upon them when: Christ would, be acknowledged; ; as King throughout the. world;' and thepresent condition- of things was • slo'wlyi changing towards, that.; end./ -Mr.: I J-. : Magarey- presided at the ' Ipigan; : at all the services, and . collections j were- taken up in aid of the- - Sunday, l School funds. The annpal picmceiraUbe .: held at Magarey's One-Mile Paddoekfon ! the Border Town Road on Weddesday I next. The children will meet &t; Jthe | church at ^ o'clock in the morning and:be I taken out in-conveyances. In the evening I a. public meeting will be held, at.which : i the Superintendent of the School will pre■ I side,and a report of the year's work, will be presented.. , . " I The South Australianrevenue for 1J890-1 j is so far beyond the expectations- of "the* ' Treasurer. At Port Adelaide the men having acI cepte'd the freedom of contract term* ! insisted upon by the employers-are now j returning to work wherever-possible;, ' -j ■j The milk supply at the Narra'coorte ! Dairy Factory is increasing every day j .' and the supply at present is over 203 gallons per diem. During the past fortnight j operations have been confined principally to the manufacture of cheese, j Little Lord Fatjntleroy.—Mrs. F. I Hodgson Burnett's charming story en; titled " Little Lord Fauatleroy" lias ; achieved a world-wide fame, and. those 1 who have read it, and have not. ..had the opportunity of seeing it acted on the stage, will see _ by our advertising \- columns that a treat is in store for "them, as an excellent company of actors is announced to perform the. simple, bat interesting story, in the Kurr-acoorte Institute Hall on Saturday evening next. This company has been playing in the provincial towns of Victoria with marked success. Speaking of their performances, last Saturday's " Hamilton Spectator" states ■-—The production of Mrs. Fiances | Burnett's dramatised version of her ■: world- Tamed story "The .Little Lord J Fauatleroy" at the Hamilton Town. Hall j last- evening was an. undoubted success, a crowded house testifying approval- in ' repeated and hearty bursts of applause. As " Little Lord Fauatleroy", Miss Mabel Russell made a charming hoy, oue .brimming over with affection, truthful, brave and faithful. Her first encounter with His Lordship was a very telling scene, but with such scenes the play abounded, and it would not he easy to say in which Miss Mabel Russell s'hone the most; the audience liked her in all of them. As Earl of Dorinconrt, Mr. E. B. Russell, was as aristocratically overhearing and perverse as the goutiest of Earls could possibly be, but he met his match in that bold American adventuress " Minna,''.' very cleverly impersonated by Miss Hettie Howarde, whose- Yankee twang and bounce were highly appreciated. Miss B elle Russel was a charming " Mrs. Erroll," and'another member of the same talented family." Floricultural * Society's Spring Show.—Owing to the inclemency of the weather on Thursday last the attendance at the Show was not so large as on previous years. During the evening Miss A. Caldwell (harmonium), A. V. Elsden (cornet), J. Lobban (clarionet), A. Jarred (violin), and R*. Smith (trombone) rendered some excellent selections of music. The prizelist will be drawn up, and prize-money payable in a few days. All the arrangements were carried out well by the various stewards and officers. Mr; A. AttiwilFacted as steward of pot plants; Mr. W-. F. Loutit cut flowers; Mr. J. H. Ritchie bouquets, vegetables,and fruits;-'and Mr. G. P. Morris general superintendent of all arrangements. During the evening several magnificent fuchsias and pelargoniums, kindly given by Mr. Gould, of Wolseley, and vegetables by Mr. P. L. Schinckel and Sun Hap Sfiing,were sold for the benefit of the funds of the Society. The following table showing how the prizes were won by the successful exhibitors will be interesting — Class A.—Pot plants in bloom. 1st prize-. 2nd prize, D. MoLeod 13 Z W. Lucas 7: 2 G. Piatt .; 3. 7 Class B.—Pot plants without reference to, bloom. 1st prizes. 2nd* prize. W. Lucas 10 1 G. Piatt 2 2 i D. McLeod T 3I Class C.—Cat Flowers.. Morambro ... ... ... 8 7 D. McLeod 8' 5 G. PLatt 8 2 1 W. Lucas 6J, 3; John J. D. Renfrey (Mt. Gambier) 4 4 Mrs. G. P. Morris 3| 3" Mrs. Rankine (Wolseley) 3 0 G. P. Smith ... ... 2 9 Padthaway 2 1 W. Reddan 2 0A. Limbert 1 1 G. Hutehins, Mt. Gamhier- 1 0 Mrs. McGilchriat- 0 1 Miss S. Caldwell 0 1Class: D. —Bouquets. 1st prizes.. 2nd prizes. Mrs. G. P. Smith: 3 3 John J. D. Renfrey .... 2 1 Miss Sharpley ... ... 2 0 D. McLeod 1 0 Morambro. 1 0 Miss May McGilchrist ... 1 0' A. Limliert. 0 1 Mrs. McGilchriat 0 1 Miss S. Caldwell 0 1 Miss. Irene MeGilchrifct ... 0 1 Class R.—Fruit. 1st prize. 2nd prize. Padthaway 2 0 Mrs. H. Smith ... ... 1' 1 G. Hntchins 1 0 Class F. .—Vegetables. 1st prize. 2nd prize. Sun Hap Shing 11 0 J. P;, D. Laurie 1 0 P. L, Schinckel 0 ,1 : , Mr. Kiddle, of Kybybolite, had -a fine show of cut flowers and fruits in the Hall for exhibition only. The exhibit that took the prize for a uew_ and rare pot plant was a. Rhododendron in bloom.. Wool.—Messrs. J. Oriee and Co'6., wool store is now a busy scene night and day.. Since tbe opening of the season ^84 bales have been received at the store} tins date last year ,2,4 a substantial increase this-year; notwithstanding the broken weather the shearing sheds have had to contend with. The Naeracoorte DESiTra» We remind the members of this dnb that the monthly meeting will be held this evening. The snbyect down for-the d«bate is "Women's, JBights," Sir. W. EL. Hoggarfch opening in favor- and Mr;. A. WaJlaee- resronding in the negative.. An interesting. flisenssiott.». anticipated. It was arranged that iheBJevi WI. JKLTbapey M.A.,." wcSdd lecture; on " Looking -Backwards'*.; mi Friday evening Inext, But 3;; haa been fonnct necessary to postpone xfc for the present, as: th&Enstitnie; Hall isen— gaged. fin ° ^A ' GoIleett. Efesvn"* that evening! - ^ lit all' the? colonies- the- strike has. Beent , d)aclared."-off;r_ E'taisemjrthy- efforts.are; now- being taken foe-' th& relief of; thai 1 anfEerers. . • . . 