CHAPTEB XVlL — POETET, PfiOSE, AND THE Dead Swoossb. From Verona to Como is o day's journey. Under any ?^iPTnwiR*:aT'^B, there is no monotony in it, bat travelling in pleasant ?y)m pan i ninth ip jt is porfaape one of the most delightful of continental railway journeys. The scenery is never tmlnteresting, and there are blways in the distance fine ranges of enow capped monntaijiH ibe nappy fcingUBh party lrom Venice, it need hardly bsaaid, found the trip full of a new and epecul interest. Dolly was radiant. It ceeded no psychological student to discover that Sam Swynford was the selection of her heart. If he had been wise in his estimation of female character, he ought to have dis covered in hia earliest anqnaintannwihip with Jenny's lively sister that her 'stand off ishness' and sallies of wit at his expense were only feminine Indications of interest, if -not love. It was perhaps a little feline, while she purred to make her lover consclonB of an occasional scratch. Had the amiable young stockbroker responded with the manfn intimation that he was not to be wsonded with impunity nor without resentment, U is quite possible that1 the shadow of Philip rorsytb might never have fallen npon Dolly's fateful youth. She had in ^f'* secret heart loved Swynford niriw the less tniit she fiad occasionally made him suffer. Ik was only tbe trifling of a somewhat coquettish nature. Swynford had. in slave-like worship, flung jiimnftTf at her feet, and she had, placed her foot upon his neck, not viciously, but with something of tbe pride of conquest. She would have'appreciated from Sam the spirited response that such treatment would have re ceived from Philip Forayth, because she knew that Sam was devotedly attached to her. She had donbte of Philip, was flattered by his attention, urged to accept him by her sister, who had no other object but Dolly's social and happy advancement in life. The truth is tie two pretty young women were as much above the average of their sex in genuine amiability as they were in ap p*q-.rfl.nftft and m tuners. They h«.«i jp the course of their education *nd training, annexed unconsciously some of tbe snobbishness of the upper middle class in small social victories ; delighted in being received in a higher grade of society than their neighbours ; found in social success of this kino, greater pleasure thaa should belong to the honest performance of their home duties ; liked of course to be admired rather for thgir boauty thfr1 their intellectual qualities ; were ambitions more or less selfishly for diBtinctioD in their husbaDds that they, the w|yes, might assume the role of ennerior nersons : were, in fadu eaoA women with women's weaknesses. No hostess was more gracious than Mis, Mllbauke, nor more successful in her popular little parties, and Dolly might well be envied for her high spirits, her healthful constitation, her bright eyes, and her unquestioned beauty. Philip Forsyth b&d; been proud to be seen escorting her in tbe tents of Vanity Fair, proud of the attention her happy, pretty face Invoked, prond of the envy it excited among vuinen, and the envy he excited aa her pros pective husband. Bat Sam Swynford, in hii higher tribute to Dolly's natural fascinations than was possible to Philip Foreyth. Sam had no ambition apart from her. In every speculation be was inspired with the hope of a future wiLh Dolly He administered to her Uttle vanities in e^ery way that was postuble friend of the family. He remembered all the day a in which she wus specially interested — Christmas, the New Year, St. Valentine's, Easter, her birthday, Jenny's birthday, Walter's birthday. She always said be had excellent taste in the choice of flowers, the bindings of books, acd the selection of dainty bits of bric-a-brac But Jenny could not for get that Svtn bail in bt« rtpoeeh u su^eatiou «f NYith Country di&kut;, and *as a little in uliued to overdress, took no pains to cultivate arutocraUo society, and hub, after all. only a stockbroker ; bo that when Philip Fonythj with his distinguished style and manner, his . artistic prospects, hi* promising position in * society, and bis notable circle of friends, oame . along as a rival to Swynford, Mrs. Mflhanfrp ' took Dolly's future into her hands and brought about the engagement which had ended so OSS' aatronaly. She now congratulated herself and her three companions on continuing their Italian holiday with the new love and being entirely off with the old, and confessed to Walter that there was something nobler in life than some of the aims which had engrossed her ambition, upon the sunken rocks of wbJcb she had nearly wracked Dolly's future; but Walter would not hear of the smallest thought oi self-abasement on the part of his pretty sad affectionate wife, and he vowed that he bad - always felt somehow or other that ererytiring would oome right for Dolly! although he was anxious to make believe that if anyone was to blame for hastening that anfortanate en gagement it was be himself. Altogether the party was under the in finance of affectionate self 'denial amd wi'*jt*^ congratulation upon tbe coarse events had taken. At present they did not, from ?' sympathetic p-iot of view, feel the shadow of ' Philip Fonytb's strange disaffection, and they had no knowledge of that sensation which tbe Ghost of the Lagoon* had created In Venice, They arrived at Como, a picturesque city at the bead of tbe famous lake, where Walter had secured rooms at the best hotel In the Sqaare by the quay where von take the lake eteamen or hire rowing boats. After an excellent dinner Walter and Swynford sat in the balcony, smoked their cigars, and watched the sunset. Dolly and Jenny unpacked their valises and talked over the day's adventures. The next morning they were to go on to lark, interested in studying the picturesque and busy Becnlarisation of Sunday in Italy, which is strikingly Oluetrated in this city of Como. Jugglers, hawkers, vendors of iced drinks, and holiday people were in the Square from the earliest hoar on Sanday morning. Later, there were slramiiis arriving with bands of musia and democratic societies out for tbe day. Members of rival and friendly associations met these political combinations on the quay, where they palavered and exchanged emphatfo dvQfttes. Tbeir bands Swynford oonaidered to be naarrr as bad as those of the Salvation Army in Bngland ; he hoped they bad not travelled all that distance to make tbe voaualn'tanos of such ribald miuic. Walter, dlBOoaxBang-witli a bystander, discovered that tte miStfani were hired for inch oocasions as these by politbal administrators and the OdHfeBoWB and Foresters of Italy. The banners of these Orden ware, 'however, more eanly carried than those of our English conlnteniifieB. They did not indulge in those tremendous pictures which in England stretch across the streets and are borne aloft in high wind* with mach sweat and struggle by even the strangest and doughtiest of Oddfellows and the most stalwart of Robin Hoods. - ~ . ' The 'Square of Como was ', very ~basy~a-ft Sunday, and so ware the streets ; busy With people who were shopkeepmg, going to church, marketing. M'g?ng, yrrrTi'*ff. At night the vocalists were in the sseenAaacy. but as Walter remarked, they did amg ana they were not drank. They awoke the echoes of *h? nm ntnn(lit|p htlti with *'*flrigWt* and chorus. If the Sqsare of Como bad been a thoroughfare in an English dry fV-i hn» of workmen and holiday-makers would, ft is to be feared, have been roaring ont some music- lull it*mg or h *-mm?h eft f 'g a taiWar chorus of the slums. ' One goes from home.*' said Walter, 'not only to see how great England U m xnany things, but tow small, not to say Ijrotal, 'she may be in others.*1 In the afternoon our English travellers said their prayers with Che rest of the church* going community, and towards ** *nlnj» mifl* their first Uttle excursion on the lake, which they navigated in dreamy sunshine oa the Sweet and gentle searchers after troth hare discovered that Bolwer Lytton adapted hb poetic description of the Lake of Como from a foreign source ; other philanthropic critics have at the same time ridiculed the poem as overdone being applied to the famous r*^1'*1 lake Permit a humble worshipper of nature, and one who loves art none the lees, to sty that Bulwer's half page of suggestive desarip tion is only a faint I d n i cation of the in writ **^ beauty of Lake Como. Why, there Is ©van an botel at Belaggio, half way down the lake* which goes near to be worthy of the well known linee : — Its lurtolB nUi Cram oat a glassj txnra Of coolest foliate, marled with Unfa.* Ihe lake is a sheet of water thirty-five mQee In length, and every yard of it a picture of romantic beauty — high sloping bUli that hem von In now and Hum twlrtrm not hpp lake, but many ; hUla that are clothed with foliage and backed at many polntz by distant Alps that are clothed in everlasting snow. A- the steamer skirts the shore, yon see that the gardens of tbe innumerable villas are filled with flowers, that the houses are of all de scriptions, palaoes, cottages, chalets, lodges, hotels ; as they go high up into the mountains they dwindle off Into the cots of vinayard tendere or herdsmen. It ie wonderful now and then to see up in the mountains villages which look light flights of buildings that faave Bcttled down in dorters ai pigeons might, all in a heap, with a few trees about them, and always the sheltering elbows of eonvenicmt Alps. Tbe season u late they tell me on the boats and at the hotel, yet the air is soft and balmy, great bunches of westeria decorate garden walls, lilac, rhododendron, Guelder loses, chestnuts sire in fall bloom, and at overy village where the steamer touches* men and women are sitting out of doors, the men l twinging tb-ir in^s over quay walls, the ''summery ' dressee, and we have long since diBoarded wraps and overcoats, and find tbe weather bat enough despite the breeze of a steamer in rapid motion. BeUaggia U pro bably the mast delightful point of the like. It Is fifteen miles from its northern extremity, and divides the Uce into two Here the travellers oommenced their de lightful experiences of Bellaggio. The weather m like July in England, though the time was early May. The sky was character istically Italian. The windows of the hotel were open. From the great drawing room basic the voice of a prims donna of the lyric ?sage, whom some travelling companions had persuaded to sing a few snatches from 'Othello' and 'Lohengrin.' The terraces of tha hotel wen reflected in the lake in deep buoiui of green and pink and red and yellow, rTr*'f-ms if grass and flowers. On the opposite share the lake was bordered by a sweep of architecture that melted away into hill ajid dale ; and far off on the right tile snow .mountains pretended tike? were white clouds capping the rich bine of tlie sky. In the little town there was a pinna out of which every now and then ran narrow street ways on to the hOla ; little streets literally of rHmhtng steps. When yon looked up these muvs ways and saw women corning down wltti children In their arms, or men lolling against anxious doorways, yon could only wish you wen an artist with nothing else in the world to do bat to pat these pictares into black and white for magazines, or better sffll. Into all their glory of colour for popular picture galleries. When the Juaeiousnesg of full simmer comes to Lake Coma, and rests upon the clustering hois of Belaggio, and dreams in a sunny slowdown in the vaEeya, it b no stretch of fancy to imagine the perfumed Ijgnt of mnmn gnazbled palace steal ing through -the miat of alabaster lamps, and every air 'Heai; with the sighs Of qnmge groves and music torn sweet lutes, Inth?m3«tl*ro»tl 'Of course I like the picture,' Baid Dolly, M but not for 'always, 8am.' ?'How do you mean?' he asked, pressing heV arm as' tiiey lounged upon the terrace watching the light andshade npon the distant haDd. ' 'iBesotfful for a viut,' said Dolly j ' perfectly lovely, but too good tor tiis likes of .1, as Walter's gardener says down in the .'?^Son1 really feel like that!' said Sam. 'Tro so awfully glad, became I was HiinMng iioanewhatm that falreetion.' ^tBBallyr»he asked. 'InSeed, most truly,' he said. 'I once ^?M»lfi ^u odd, afmple kind of rich man who owned, a palace in Worcestershire, hot lived b' the lodge which stood by the road at his gates.. Of course, Dolly, I could live with yob, 'my dear, anywhere, palace or oottage, a saint tn iOoomsbury or a bijou villa standing In B» own grounds at Kensington.' '8am, you're so odd I' _'.*fgn I said garret,' said Sam, 'of eourMl ably meant It as a figure of speech— » fep» ffejparig, a» Walter would aay;but fcjaggtou pajacB longing lor a cottage on the tend^nM^fftyi, iffy trying fr- negotiate a cnange o]I JPOQSis* ' wish one'Ol those loafing peannui wno. lire, at the top of the narrow avenues coat' crve ' npon the Rasss, where those »«n toy'oUBtsSs^ brfe-a-brao. 'Oar thoughts arecertainly sympathetic, Slip,' said Trolly. 'I snail often dream of S^Jl lovely place. ' If we were to live here we |oogbi'to dnai in costume, aa they do upon the stage. I' oonld never endure to go about In such scenery in ordinary clothes.' *' That's because,** said Sam, ** yon never see fliis kind of thing in pictures without Tt»w»« men and women in all Borts of fancy dress. The best studies of lakes and mountains «*'^ waterfalls, with palaces and foreign costumes, seem to me to be like ohromoB; but wouldn't those wrinkled old women on tile Piazza make fine subjects for Professor Herkomer. Forsyth would ** Dan*t mention that tiqtww Sam ? not yet, at all events. It makes me feel as if I would ?Ike you to slap me in the face.' 'Dolly!' exclaimed Sam, entirely for getting what be was going to say about ''iv&oa;,' said Dolly. ' I don't wonder at those strong men in the East End of London beating their wives.' 'Dolly, Dolly,' said Sam, with his arm round her waist and 'awfully happy,' as be tpld her afterwards, 'you'll make me feel miserable if yon talk in tint way. Besides, fancy drifting from ' glassy bowen, musical with birds, palaces lifting to eternal summer, and orange groves heavy with the sighs of mnsu from sweet lutes,' into the barbarism of Whltechapel and womenbeaters 1 For good ness' sake, don't tell Jenny what we talked of, and dont mention it to Walter. Weahsll be flh«**fr*T nnmerdf oily. Let us go back fio poetry and nmtimimt. '' 'Thafs the bell for dinner,' said Walter Mllhuikff, coming npon them unobserved, and calling their attention to the Bounding gong beyond the terrace, 'and here aie the FlngHuh newspapers. Such a discovery, by Jove 1 Bow Comedy and Tragedy do go band in hand ! They have found General Petranovitch floating with the tide from the Adriatic into the lagoons, stabbed to the heart with a dagger on which u engraved, in Arabic, the word * Vengeance.' ' 'Bow dreadful I' exclaimed Dolly. ' It is believed,' continued Walter, ' that he was killed on the night of the illuminatiunB and takes out to sea in one of the many boats we saw on that exciting night By Jove, If s worthy of Uie ancient days of Venice.' 'I'm glad we didn't stay,' remarked Dolly. 'So am V said Swynfard, 'and you'll erase me, Walter, if I don't tear my hair over Petronovitch. I fed so awfully happy.' ' Ton look It, my boy, you look it. Come along, then, we will dismiss the Venetian ghost and try the Bellaggio cuisine. I think its all right. I have interviewed the chrf, and discovered a brand of champagne that I think will even astonish yon, yon City Sybarite 1' (To be antmatd.) 