-,.. y. ¡i .South Coast Nows/ . ": . . Mrs. . J. M'Lelland, of \Vbodstock, Shosl '. haven,'.'cited on Deceiribëc"19, leaving six children. ' . i Tho wreck of the schooner Scotia was sold at Kilima for £3. . . À child named O'Gorman, 9 years*"61d,* whose parents reside ut Albion^ark, diod_ from the effects of a fright produced uta juvenile game, in which'a ghost was supposed to appear. ' The shock to the nervous system brought on paralysis.' The gallant and brave conduct of John S nod tl on, in endeavouring lo save the life of young Busby, at Floyd's Point;1. Bulli, on Christmas Day, is to. be* brought under the notice of the Royal Humane Society. December .29. was . one of the most trying days experienced ut Kiama for years past. The temperature was 104 degrees in the i shade, und ahout 135 in tho sun, and this intense heat continued till between 2 and 3 o'clock, whona »outlicrly-burRter caine np. I. ; Great activity prevails at all the Kiama butter factories at tho present time. In three of them not far from Kiama, 82C0 gallons of milk is manipulated daily. It may safely be estimated' that the eight butter factories in that electorate are now being1 supplied with 20,000 gallons of milk per diem". ' ,- ? ??? . It is generally believed that the Govern ment hus .bought, the blue . metal quarries at Bombo for £30,000, and that it 1ms also bought Mr. Geo. Hill's plant, at the sumo olace. . At tho inquest touching the death of a child whose body was found buried in the sand on the sea beach near Wollongong, tho woman Sarah Sue, who is married \ to a Chinaman, and who was in custody upon suspicion of being concerned in the death of tho child, was committed to take her trial at the next Central Criminal' Court for wilful murder. _ The North Illawarra coal mine has stopped working, and 300 men are thus thrown out of work. Mr. H. A. Pringle, the manager, of the Southern Coal Company, has taken possession of the Corrimal Coal Company's property at Brooker's Nose,, on behalf of his Company, who has purchased the property. It is in- tended to ship tho coal at the Southern Coal Company's jetty, Port Kembla. The Com- pany have also purchased 700 acres of 'land at the rear of this property, from Mr. Osborne, and they intend erecting a large number of miner's residences at Corrimal, and commencing work on an extensive scale, paying considerable attention to the manu- facture of coke. Rumour has it that Mount Keira colliery has secured the Messageries Maritimes con- tract, and that work will therefore be fairly constant after the New Year. £60 handicap, 125 yards, Bulli Oddfellows' sports, was won by W. Smith (Sydney), 25 yards; W. Clarke, 17yds 2; E. Mantle, 20yds, 3 ; A. Gribble, 19yds, 4. Time, 13¼. 