STAGE, SONG, AND SHOW: "My Jack" at Her Majesty's- Scoring With a Sensation. Slgnor Hazon's Concerts. Tho usual big house welcomed tho change of bill at the Alhainbra Musio Hall on Saturday, when tlio programme included two now artists in tlio persons of Miss Obery and Mr. Baxter, who went straight for popularity, and succeeded without apparent trouble. The first part consisted of the usual local contributions, the most taking piece being " Divorced," which was rendered in great stylo nntl finish by Mr. VV. John son, Johniiv Cownn'R " Nirmorcat. &c..; ,&c.;, &c.;," was above the .ordinary so far as real genuine fun wont, and the house was literally convulsed during its interpretation. Mr. Lawlor was greeted with a big round of applause for "A mother's farewell blessing," and Miss Taylor scored a decided point on account of her treatment of "Still thine own." Mr. Baxter, one ot tlio latest additions to the compuuy, was all at home, and in " Where- over ho went" was vory funny. Ghat ley Fanning, as usual, was in good trim, and Ills comicalities were got off with excellent effect. In the-secona part the clover exhi bition of tho Leopold Brothers was greeted with evident satisfaction, and Charley Fanning was around again with any amount of fun. ' The ' Misses Anderson con- tributed an Irish jig, and Bob Baxter worked in .several comioal little ditties. Miss Obery's contributions consisted of "Ireland's rights" and "Single young men," each of which mot the approval of the house. The entertainment for the evening concluded with the amusing sketch, " Tho Mystery." Yesterday evening, notwith standing the unfavorable state of tho weather, saw a big honsa at this popular placo of amusement, arid tho programme submitted was of the usual carefully selected description, while tho several items were rendered with all the effect that could be desired. This evening a complete change of hill will bo discussed. Mr. W. Johnson .is down by special request for his song "Divorced," and in tho second part Bob Baxter is to give a treat in " I forgot it" and "I was one of them," and tho "Australian Toarn" will he about in full force. " Adonis," described as something very laughablu, is to conclude the programme. In this sketch the several characters have been distributed amongst the ablest members of tho com pany. Tho whole programmo will be found to ho verv nnrl nmn.qmtr. n.nrl tho " special " linos are woll worthy of note, During the past week the very damp character of the weather has considerably mitigated against big attendances ut the Cyclorama, but though the attendance has been nothing in the way of phenomenal there appears to bo hut littlo cause to grumble, The place is a most acceptable resort during trie rainy days, when one is debarred from visiting the other wonders of our glorious city, because, whatever the weather may be outside, inside the building is always the same, and you aro transported from tho muddy slush of Sydney streets to the refreshing country around the village of Gettysburg, where there is ample food for reflection and admiration for many hours. Tho lectures delivered by tho manager abound in intorest, and tho greatest possible care is taken to lead visitors through all the important points of tho war by frequent references to tlio painting, while interesting points aro ucBuuuvu in tiie piuiuuhi juasiQiu uiuuuu- No fear of feeling bored by a visit to tlio Cyclorama, and those who have not been aro keoping themselves out of a raul treat. The admirahlo performance of "Caste" continues to fill tlio Criterion to bursting point each evening. On Saturday every available seat in .the house was eagerly secured long bofo'ro tho ring-up, and even the passages and aisles wero occupied. Thoso who would not miss onq of the very finest performances ever seen on tlio colonial ofn.ffft aVimilii imninmliAP f.linh fivn tiirtpn representations will be given. Miss Olive Berkley resnmcd her place in tho cast, of "Little Lord Fauntleroy " on Saturday evening in the presence of a good attendance. The piece wont smoothly, and liberal applause was bestowed. To-night Miss Gracie Hopkins will be seen in tlio child's piart, and on Wednesday and Friday, to-morrow and Thursday, Miss Berkley's adherents ;will have further opportunities of seeing her. Tlio Saturday matinee of "Littlo Lord Fauntleroy" was, despite tho counter in ducements, very well attended, a large pro portion of the house being young folks, who seemed to feel the! keenest interest in the fortunes, doings, and sayings of the littlo lord. Solomon's Temple of Amusement was crammed on Saturday afternoon uud even ing, and even on Sunday numbers braved the drivolling rain and howling wind to see the marvels Solomon had provided. All the shows are going strong and woll, and Cunard has other novelties ready to spring on you in tho oarly autumn. Perhaps you Cunard-ly believe it, but it is a positive fact nevertheless. Tho usual change of bill will bo mado to-night in the Alhambra programme. Somo new and clover folk will be introduced, and these, in uddition to an already strong company, will make Mr. Smith s following one of tho strongest ever brought together in the city. From Bill Shakespeare to Ben Landeck is a big jump, hut tho management of Her Majesty's took it on Saturday night, when, ill the presence of a gallery and family circle that slopped over at the sides, and crammed stulls, and u meagre circle, " M-y Jack," an ultra-sonsational melodrama by- the last-named gentleman, was laid on for tho first timo in Australia. Sensational, did we remark? Well, just a few, and precisely at this stage of the war we want it known that Benjamin has worked more laughter, tears, happiness, agony, influenza, excitement, and other emotions into his play than we believed could bo wedged into the space of three hours and 50 minutes. Wo are exact when we say three hours and 50 minutes, for that was the precise timo " My Jack " played on Saturday night, and it still remains a matter of wonder to us that woovor got through before breakfast on Sun day. "My Jack" is rough but very wholosomo stuff; like most of its class-it points in tho end a very excellent moral, - and in the pointing a marvellous entertainment is pro vided. There is, to bo sure, a -fine manly young hero, persecuted, of course, and robbed of his rights by a villain tvho not only works for his destruction but lays diabolical schemes for tho ruin of his (the lioro's) intended. Tlio said intended is youthful, beautiful, and the very embodi ment of virtue. She rojectB the advances of the hold, wicked suitor, and de clares her intention of sticking to her sailor lad till his hair turns red. Tho villain is known as Sir' Edward Vaubcrg, and the hero as Jack Meredith, but as the story works itself out wo began to discover that Jack was picked up at sea some years beforo by a Greek sailor named Ciro Pauitza. Jack was lashed to a Bpar, and his mother was besido him — dead. When Panitza found the bodies he cut tho woman's finger off to secure a ring that she wore, and he stole some papers from tho child, whom he took ashore at a coast guard station at Bambridge, Cornwall. Here tho lad wits fostered by old Peter Merodith, a coastguardsman, and when old enough tho lad took his foster father's name and calling. Panitza sold , his secret to a confederate, who, having hoard tho Greek's ater.y about the castaway, resolved to de. claro himself Sir Edward Yanberg, and take possession of tho estates to which the mothor and child wero re turning when the vessel was lost. Jack Meredith loves Dorothy Prcscott, tho winsomo daughter of a devoted blind mother — so does tlio pretended baronet, and there tho trouble begins. Wo wero quito prepared for it when Panitza camo on and screeched out that "He wanted somo-er monnay 1" or by heavens he'd "blow ho gaff" on hiB pard. Also, we wero not sur prised when a convict brother of Dorothy turned up and said tho "traps" wero after him as an cscapod " lag." Later on our fraquent provious experience of melodrama wus re peated when tho convict brother went to a ruincu mm io sco ino papers .unit x uuiixu hud hidden thero anil the latter jabbed him in the coat collar with a fruit kuife and got out just in timo to allow Jack Meredith to arrive and be accused of the deed. This didn't surprise us any more than did tho spcctaclo on tho deck of II.M.S. Sesgnll, with Jack Sweeney doing ground and lofty tumbling to the uccompanimont of a stringlcss fiddle worked by a blear-eyed topinan (qr flyman) with ono eye. It seemed perfectly natural that the hunted Jack Meredith should turn up with Pauitza, and that Bhortly afterwards tho villain should come aboard and demand of Jack the docu ments that had been stolon from the mill. Even tho harrowing spoctaclo of our hoi-o and the Greek on the point of pegging out on a large Egyptian desert, upon which tho Seagull had boon wrecked, moved us not to feelings of astonishment, and when, just as they were both going to turn ghosts, a squad of blue jackets and marines marched in front eomowhero we preserved a calm exterior and only murmured, "Good old Bonjamin Landeck." The orthodox Bquaring- up and settlement takeB place in tho last act, and precisely as wo have seen at the 284 other melodramas we have survived tlio villain says at tho finish " Well, gentlemen, you've won — good day — take mo away." Now to work out the plot; of "My Jack" a great effort in tho matter of mounting has been made, and most successfully too. Some of the sots wero really splendidly contrived, and wo cannot bestow too much praise upon tho sceniq work. Tho exterior of tho lighthouse was one of the vory best Btago effects we have over seen, and when tho explosion and collapse is worked a little more smoothly it will really be a wonderful spectacle. Tho deck of the Seagull is about the best ship scene wo have looked at, but some of tho pastimes might with advantago ho cut. A dauby, impossible sunset spoils the storm cloth in the first act, but the effect of the breaking gale is admirably con trived. The dashing Jack Meredith is played with spirit and force by Mr. Rignoid, who makes the mostjof every point, and securos a howl of sympathy and admi ration every now and again, Mr. Jowott is again in the gentlemanly heavies, and onco more ho is completely successful. The way the gallery hooted anci. hissed him every time he said i something more than usually wicked or showed his white teeth in a sinister snigger suggestivo of sinful Scheming was a treat to hear. Mr. Sterling White was as Seotcli'and as safe as ever as Peter Meredith, and Mr. Frank .Stephenson, u stranger to tho theatre, scored heavily as Ciro, tho Greek tough. Mr. Stephenson has made a very- favorable impression. Mr. Charles Hall as Captain Hereford of the Seagull, Mr. Sweeney as Patsey Dnolitn, a Chinese shellback, Mr. Grcenaway as Charles Preseott, the valueless chequo person, Mr. Huzlitt as a sergeant of polico, wero all efficient. No ono was sorry when Charles I'rescott was abolished in the second act, as all he seemed to havo to do was to make folks miserable, but lie did that artistically. An excellent study of the blind Mrs. Preseott was supplied by Mrs. Rignoid, and Miss Watts- Phillips made a most attractive Dorothy, the beloved of Jack, Miss Madge Soymour looked nice enough to captivate tho whole navy, and about 20 other peoplo were useful at-various periods. "My Jack," full as it is with thrilling incident and splendid stage pictures, should prove a big card for the management. The cause of good music will not die in this city while such audienceH extend their patronage as that which attended at Signor Hazon s second concort on Saturday aftor- lioon. There jnust have been close upon 1000 porsons present, and throughout tho programme the very closest interest was manifested in the excellent work pre sented. Wo aro with tho inanagoment in thinking the removal of the stage to tho end of the hall an improvement, but we aro also of opinion that tnc removal of tho concerts to quite another building altogether would still further add to the pleasure' derived from the hearing of them. The reasons why tho Exhibition Building is-.'not a suitable placo for tlio holding of concerts— especially high-olaBS orchestral ones— aro various aud wellknown, and wo dare say that the management are of tho same way of thinking, and are but tho victims of necessity. In Saturday's bill Signor Hazon again showed oxcollent judgment in happily com- bining serious work with lighter selections. !From tho works of Wagner, Schumann, and Bazzini ho chose three numbers, which well represented that class of music which may be called descriptive, and which is charac terised by the majesty and grandeur of its Quality. In another portion of tho pro gramme Schumann in quito a different vein was heard, and With no loss pleasure. In deed, there was a very happy blending, of majesty and melody of passion and pathos, with horo and there a taste of something lighter and daintier. Tho overturo to "Manfred" (Schumann), which is not un known here, is intended to convoy the im pressions producedby Byron's work. All the wild imaginings, the disturbed soul of tho man, and tho supernatural character of the poem aro hero finely reproduced. The work is mostly for strings, and tho treatment of it on Saturday was, barring a slight uncertainty at the opening and a want of harmony now and then, very fine indeed. Wo havo to thank Siminr Huron for introducing to tho public of this city such a wholly delightful work as tho proludc to Ponchiolli's "Hoinuge to Donizotti." Tho prelude is taken from tho cantata which was given at the unveiling of Donizetti's statuo at Borgamo. The composition is intended to give tho im pression of tho Genii wcoping nt tho tomb of tho dead composer, and so faithfully was that impression conveyed that one could have almost wept with the music, so full of tears were its melting strains. Tho strings open witli a wail of grief, and the first violins sustain tho melody with a subdued accompaniment, through which can ho heard the tonder tones of tho 'cellos telling of un speakable sadness. When tho last lament ing tones died out, a great "storm of applause shook tho building, and tho num ber had to boj. repeated. Servni's beautiful " Souvenir do Spu" was cauitally playid on tho 'cello by Mr. E. Strauss, and the house was so delighted that tho soloist had to how his acknowledgments, The principal num- ber of tho afternoon was, of course, Bnzzini'e symphonic poem, "King Lear." In this work the composer lias endeavored to pourtray tho emotions of the two first characters of the tragedy, Lear and Cordelia. Tho dis ordered miml of the old mun, and the vnrvintr nassions that move him. farm tlio thump of this very powerful work. Alter nately tlio music is made soft and sweet to represent Cordelia's professions of love, and then the returning rage mid madness of tho aged king are depicted by a conflict of semi-harmonious sounds culminating in n fortissimo movement expressive of passion and fury. The orchestra treated tlio work most comincndahly, and the conductor's complete control was manifested in this number to a greater extent tlinn in any other selection of tho day. The overturo to " Rienzi " (Wagner) is familiar, and we need only say that tiie orchestra rendered it the fullest justico. Schumann's de lightful morccau " Kiiulerscencn " formed the sixth number. In this a melting melody is sustained by tliu lending violin with a kind of droning accompaniment. So ex- quisitoly did Mr. Allpress play tho piece that there wus no denying the house, and un oncoro resulted. The "Ruins of Athens," Turkish march (Beethoven), which we always think must havo suggested "Tho Turkish Patrol," followed, and had to bo repeated. Bocchcriul's smug minuet, witicit nns reacnea tne whistling . stage of popularity, was not played unything like so well as wo have heard it, and ior ono of tho few times in our exporienco no demand for mora was made. The last numbor of the afternoon, Pedrotti's " Tutti in Masehera," was a stranger, and, now wo know it, a vory welcome stranger. The composition is made up of two themes, light and lively in character. Tho first is in gallop time, and is particularly enlivening. To the second theme a pizzicato accompaniment is supplied, and as n closing movement both themes aro deftly interwoven with a particularly happy effect. Taken throughout the concert was fully up to sample. Next Saturday's pro grammo will include Rail's "Lenoi-o," sym phony ; Beethoven's ' Prometheus," over ture ; Saint Snuns' " Danso Maceahro " ; Schubert's entr'acte and ballot from " Rosa- munde"; Wagner's " Tannliauser " march, &c.; Thero was a fair attendance at the Coogee Aquarium on Saturday, when a big bill was presented, and those who patronisod the grounds, besides boing able to admire tho beautiful scenery and surroundings, and the clever performance on the bicycle and unicycle of Professor Smith and Littlo Una, wore enabled to catch a splendid viow of tho graceful descent from tho blue-vaulted heavens of the clover parachutist, Bliss Val Van Tassell. 