Archdeacon Farrar on Modern Preaching. Wo live in times when nearly all know how to read, and when excellent books are within tho easy roach even of the poorest. Nothing is more fatal to tho pulpit than that ill the very subjects with, which it-deals it should be sur passed in knowledge by the pew. Tho printing-press must inevitably bo a for midable antagonist to theautooratic dog matism of the sermon. In days when a preacher might fairly be convinced that his training placed him immensely above tho standpoint of his hearers, arid that in leaning and knowledge he was necessarily a Triton among minnows, ho might be excused for adapting a some what dictatorial tone, and for assuming that his ipse clixit was sufficient to domi nate over the opinions of- his auditors. But when a preacher ohooses to adopt such a style in these days a few are sure to be found, oven in village congrega tions, who have a right to say of him, Out, autrefois ; mats nous avons change tout cda.' Nothing is more offensive in the modern preacher, especially when he is young and raw and ignorant, than, tho assumption of any right to lay down tho law on disputed topics. Ho should rathor ondoavour to convince, and to il lustrate, and to persuado, and to win. Tho pulpit is no longer a coward's castlo. Tho preacher can bo answered, if any ono thinks him of sufficient importance to mako it worth while to do so. His most self-important assertions will bo taken only for what thoy aro worth. Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetance. His most aggressively ig norant dogmatism will bo listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of his authority, but of his conceit. Nothing will tell more powerfully and nioro deservedly against tho modern preacher than for him to givo himself tho airs of tho mediteval inquisitor or the domineering priest. Thoro aro two groat departments of knowlodgo which preachers aro con stantly tompted to invade, with no bot tor oquipmont than that of a traditional and iminstructod opinion, which hay remained unchanged iu tho midst of progress, and which is often roudorod still more offensive by boing ornamontal with a smattering of impossible apologetics. They aro tho domains of science and of Biblical criticism. In both domains munberloss priests, and ovon whole generations of priests, and religious teachers, havo maintained and enforced views which are entirely false. Tho boacon light of progress ovor every such sunken reef of persecuting ignorance should serve as a warning to the modorn teacher to avoid tho ar rogance: of a nescience which takes it self for knowledge and denounces what it cannot understand. It is perfectly truo to say that there is and can be no antagonism between the Church and science, while at tho samo time there is no more deplorable fact than the liostility to science which has boon displayed contury aftor cen tury by tlio immense majorityof the Church's representatives. Not a few, indeed, of tho martyrs of science havo thomsolves boon priests — among thoro. Eogor Bacon, one of tho greatest of them all ; but this has not saved thorn from yoars of anguish and persecution, inflictod upon them by the inflated and ignorant intolerance of thoir brethren. No ono who is acquainted with tlio history of sciouco, and has sufh'ciont honesty to accopt facts, can possibly deny that scarcely a single truth of capital importanco in scionco has ovor buon onuueialod without having to struggle for lifo against tho fury of theological dogmatists. In every iustanco tho dogmatists havo boon ignominiously dofeuted. The world moved, us Galileo said it did, in spito of tho Inquisition. A groat Puritan divino thought that ho; had chocked tho progress of astronomical inquiry when ho said that ho preferred 'to bolicvo tho Holy Ghost rathor than Nowton; yet Nowtou was absolutely right, and the Puritan divino was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulminated anathemas against -tho early geologis to ? and one religious controversialist — with tho oxquisite culture and suavity which marks the ordinary language of self-sufficiont bigots— satisfied himself that during the ages which preceded the creation ' God had been proparing a hell for the geologists.' Yet, before 30 years had elapsed, tho rejection of tho truths which pakoontology had revealed would havo been regarded as tho mark of an idiot. The mon of science quietly advanced in tho sacred task of deciphering thp letters which God has inscribed upon the rocky tab lots of the earth, leaving tho theologians to square their biblical ob jections with tho now revelation as best they could. In our own time, to give but one instance more, we have heard from mon who couldbaroly scrape through the matriculation examination of o tenth rate college, the most furious denuncia tions of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution. Darwin himself opposed to those tirades the silence of a magnani mity too noble oven for the indulgence of private disdain. And already not a few leadingtheologians adopt tho theory of evolution as one which can be ap plied in even wider regions than those of nhvsics. Let the modern preacher learn a little wisdom, a little modesty, a- little suspension of judgment from tho disastrous annals, of the past. His curses, like chickens, ? will only come homo to roost. No truth of science will collide with any truth of religion. God has revealed himself in nature, of which science is tho interpreter, as He has re vealed himself in Scripture, of which theology is the exponent. If men of science havo often misread for a time the teachings of God's works, theolo gians have domonstrably erred — and that far more egregiously, and for ages together, and with far more disastroxts consequences — as to the true meaning of Gods' word.1- God srjeaks in many voices, and has more books than one. Let all religious teachers, above all let ignorant and unscientific teachers, abdicate onco their insolvent pretension to decide ox catliedra on new scientific discoveries and theories. They are' wholly incompetent to pronounce any opinion upon them. Lot them leave to science the things that belong to science. Science is perfectly able to tako care of herself. If her sons are often hasty in their inductions and generalisations, thoy havo no monopoly of error. Tho lignt of God will show what their opinions are worth. If those opinions be erroneous, they will bo refuted on scientific grounds ; and tho lesson of historic experience proves that if thoy bo correct, all other weapons, whether they pretend to be sacred or not, will bo of no avail against them. When, as is too often the case, a preacher posos as ' Sir Oracle ' against somo scientific theory, whilo ho is as con spicuously ignorant of scionco as ho is of most other subjects, ho presents a spectacle which is ridiculous alike to gods and men. 