"THE POETS' CITY." AN ATTEMPT TO DESCRIBE VENICE IN WOEDS. (Boston Pilot.) VENICE, 18th September. FBOM the moment that, in coming from Mestre, the first sign of the city of Venice appears above the glaucous waters of the lagoon, scarcely breaking the sameness of the distant and dreamy horizon, . the mind begins to become attuned to the strangeness and mystery of the place. Most of the ordinary experiences of the traveller's life seem to have no place here. The railways entering in upon an apparently boundless •waste of shallo'w sea, shining in the bright sun of mid-September, is equally perplexing with that visionary semblance of a city rising f rpm the waters in the dim distance. Yet here most people are approaching: the realisation of that brightly coloured dream that haunts them for years before they behold the actual living Venice. As you step from the noise and btstle of A railroad station into the funereal-hued gondola thit glides smoothly and silently over the green water of the canal, and, from the half concealed solitude of the hut-like, construction beneath which you sit, look out on either hand at the palaces, noble in else and magnificent in architecture, rich in decoration and harmonious in colour, that you pass by on your way, and note the shimmer of the sunshine and the reflection of the forms and colours on the water, and enjoy the gentleness of the motion—apparently -without effort— that brings you in presence of these entrancing sights, you incline to believe that even common minds might rise above their ordinary level here, and that ihose gifted with the power of Bong might soar to unwonted heights. WOBDS CANNOT DE6CBIBE VENICE," says a recent writer on this ever-old, ever-new theme, "nor brush pourtray her ever-fleeting, ever-varying charm." Men, however, continue always to tell in words the impressions they derive from a contemplation of this " unique and singular city," as an old Venetian writer has fetyled it. " Venice is to be felt, not reproduced," says the rebfent. writer already quoted; " to live there is to live a poem, to be daily surfeited with a wealth of beauty enough, to madden an artist with despair. . . . And not a single poet, if we except Shelley, who more than any one else has incidentally caught and expressed 1 , the spirit of the lagoon landscape," has . been able to pourtray it in adequate description. Nevertheless, and in spite of this alleged .incapacity of the poets to give us satisfactory pictures of the marvellous Imes and changes of Venetian landscape, their descriptions suffice to the great majority of travellers. But, what is of btill greater importance, the poets have peopled the city with human beings, both imaginary and historical, whoso deeds n.nd lives and fortunes possess the profoundest interest for mankind. The city may be said to be filled with ghosts—with creatures of the imagination —for thousands of th'e visitors to it, tc> v. hom these are more real than the actual living inhabitants. As imagination bodies forth The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns thein to shape, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name. And the traveller, to the neglect of the true history and real associations of the place, frequently strives to locate the events described by the poet— Such tricks hatli strong imagination. Mr. William W. Story, the American sculptor, essayist, and poet, said, a short time ago, that whether or no Shakespeare ever came to Italy—and there was no conclusive proof that he <lid—yet the creation?? of his genius still continue to people the land. " I have met them myself," Eaid he, "frequently in Venice, and Veroria, and Mantua, and Padua." Stylock, though lie nb lohger wears the Jewish gaberdine, the distinctive costume of his nation in his day, may still be visible in a street in Venice to all imaginative eye. THE BIALTO, where, in his day, men most did congreate, is now the name given to a very old and picturesque bridge covered with shops, like the " Old Bridge" at Florence, arid spanning the Grand Canal But that scarcely answer^ to the jpublic place or exchange where merchants assembled. It must be admitted that a(; t first, view the Rialto is not a ^tidfac'tbry;site, and the ahnotators anil Commentators on Shakespeare givp no ligfefc <in it^ks {hey generally (explain woirtls rather tkan facts. Shy lock says to Antonio— •In'the Bialto you have rated me About my moneys jind my usances. Tlus. y6rd: indicate * .place p^joii^sea.; .4k «rd ; «ithor, Coryate, who visited Italy a1>out,!jthe year 1608 (eight years before the death of Shakespeare), writes in his work, entitled "Crudities" — "The Rialto, which' is on the farther side of the bridge as you come from St. Mark's, is a most stately building, being the xchange of Venice, where the Venetian entlemen and the merchants doe meete wice a day, betwixt eleven and twelve f the cloke in the afternoone. This ialto is of a goodly height, built all ith bricks, as the palaces axe, adorned ith many faire walkes or open galleries, hat I have before mentioned, and hath a retty quadrangular court adjoining to t." Thus Coryate, in his quaint descripion, gives "a local habitation" to the haracters in the "Merchant of Venice," ho haunted the Rialto. Strange to ay, Otway, writing seventy years afterards, chose the Rialto in his play of Venice Preserved" as a meeting- place or the conspirators, for what reason it s difficult to conjecture, as "no place ould be less proper for secret deliberaion." Anyhow, these two poets, in the lays just mentioned, concerning Venice, ave bestowed a marvellous interest on hat part of tjie Grand Canal spanned by he Rialto Bridge, and the traveller, oryate, has kept green the exact emory of- the place in his quaint Crudities." A long distance from the Rialto is the hurch of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, nd at one of the corners of the square urrounding this church stands a large ouse or palace in which dttelt Cristoforo oro, who has been described as 0THBLL0, THE MOOB OP "VENICE. A chronicler of that city, Marin anuto, speaks- of a Cristoforo Moro, ieutenant in Cyprus, where he was kept o' defend the island against a threatened ttack of the Turks. It was said that his man was the Othello of Shakespeare, nd that the dark colour given to him by he , poet was derived from his name, oro, or Moor 1 Anyhow, the house at he corner of the Carnpo de Carmine is requently visited on account of the ame associated with it. A statue, said o represent the " valiant Othello" stands ver the door which opens on the canal, nd, if the sculptor's art do not belie iin, hie seems a youthful carpet knight ather than the warrior who, had passed hrough " most disastrous chances," and moving, accidents by flood and field," nd who was " declined into the vale of ears." This slight and graceful figure represents a young man with long hair flowing over his shoulders, and with regular and handsome features. He is clothed in a steel corslet, composed of pieces overlapping each other like large fish scales ; at . one side of him is a tali, pear-shaped shield on which he leans. In a way he resembles a quiet imitation of Donatello's statute of the .fiery St. George which stands on the external wall of the Church of Orsanmichele in Florence. There is a head enclosed in a helmet, forming the keystone of the arch opening from the canal, which looks more like the ideal of Othello than the statue which pretends to his name.; the lowering eyes, and the thick, drooping moustache, of the keystone give this Head individuality and character more in "keeping with the grand manhood of the Moor. In the grand hall of the Ducal Palace -r-now completely restored after, twenty years' labour—the ghosts of Othello and of Shylock meet us again. Marin Sanuto, whose chronicles I have already referred to, relates, the day by day meetings, morning and evening, of the Doge and Counsellors in the Hall of the Pregadi, the scefie of the trial in the " Merchant of Venice," when Portia pleaded for mercy before the full court and finally curbed " the cruel devil," Shylock, of his will; and again on that night, when Othello came in haste to defend himself from a charge of abduction, and whose pleading won the hearts of his judges to his cause and even silenced his opponent, the father.of Desdemona. Perhaps no trial that has,actually taken place within the walls of this " Palace of .the ancient state," has ever resounded so long and widely throughout the world-as that in Which the forfeiture was a pound of flesh to be cut from Antonio the .Christian merchant by Shylock the Jewish usurer. And thus the poets have pushed the historians to the wall, and the creations of imagination. take the place of (he areaturee of fact 1. . . • Although the references .to, Venice in these and.other plays xqiigbl be illustrated ^ereM.cons^erablelengt^jyet .t|lere are qther poetf, and a numerous, hos t they q.re, whp have ;been stirred (to song by jras xreiBBious BTOBT OF; THB PLACE arid its marvellous, ever-varying beauty. 4-t the Piazzetta you may imagine Tom J^loore chanting one of his charming serenades, or love songs, fl!s— &ow; gently here, my gondolier; Bo softly £, j ' i -wakithetide » ; ''- .„ : aJwt a&i;'ari-ear- one«r|li tOay hear but 1 ' faecsto wborii wglidej«»«'<'• " j - Or that other, that seems made to be sung to the notes of a mandolin— When through the Piazzetta Night breathes her cool air, Then, dearest Ninetta, I'll come to thee there, etc. Or it may be Robert Browning, breathing verses of unfathomable meaning, but which here somehow scarcely need an explanatory commentary, such as— In Venice 1 This night so delicious—its air Full of moonlight and passionate snatches of song, And quick cries and perfnme of romances, which throng To my brain as I steal down this marble sea-stair, And my gondola comes. Then I step out on shore ; The Piazzetta 1 my life-dream accomplished at last (As my gondola goes). It would need a volume to tell only half what the poets have said about this city ; but if Venice has had a laureate at all, it was surely Lord Byron. His verses might serve as a poetical guidebook to the city, and for sustained descriptive power and abundance of historical references Byron is acknowledged as surpassing all English-speaking poets. Half an hour's sail in a gondola—one of Shakespeare's characters, Rosalind, in fact, speaks of " swimming" in a gondola —brings you to the Isle of St. Lazzaro, closely associated with Byron's residence at Venice. Since 1717 this island has been in the,hands of the Armenian clergy, known as Mekhitarists, from their founder, Mekhitar de Sebaste, they receiving it from the Council of Venice when it was a heap of ruins. It is now the site of a flourishing convent of Armenians devoted to the propagation of learning. Here it was that Byron passed many of his days, studying the Armenian language, the alphabet of which he described, iu a letter to Tom Mopr, as "a Waterloo of an alphabet," from its qualities of defeating the best efforts of those who would conquer it. In the larger library the Armenians keep the table at which Byron used to write ; his room for study, lined with books, is still pointed out; over one of the doors hangs the portrait of this very handsome poet in his Greek dress; and, amongst the curiosities of the place, the Armenian Fathers show the inkstand and pens he used, as well as a penknife which belonged to him; and in the visitors', book they point out his name, written in English and Armenjan. It was here he translated into English from Armenian the Epistle of the Corinthians to St. Paul, and also an Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians—ail apocryphal—but found in an ancient Armenian version of the Scriptures. Here, also, in this convent of the Armenians, is preserved the manuscript of that little sonnet which Longfellow prefixes to his translation of the" Divina Commedia," and which is as. a harmonious keynote to what follows. It begins— Oft have I seen at some cathedral door, A labourer, pausing in the dust and heat, Lay down his burden, and with reverent feet Enter and cross himself, and on the floor Kneel to repeat his Pater Noster o'er, etc. This, dated 1874, was given by Long fellow as a souvenir to the Congregation of Armenians. Another manuscript, which the Fathers prize, is an autograph letter of that other celebrated American' poet, William Ctillen Bryant, which he wrote to one of the Fathers of .this Congregation. Here, also, are autographs of Alessandro . Manzoni—the Walter Scott of Italy; Alphonse ]£arr; Cardinal Mezzofanti, the walking polyglot, who seems to have known more languages than ever were dreamt of at Babel; Don Pedro d'Alcantara, Emperor of Brazil, a persistent student, though a ruler; General Grant, General Sherman, and a host of other American and European celebrities. It was in this island, too, that an Armenian father translated, into his own, language, and published in the type ,of that .language, "The Deserted Village" of Oliver Goldsmith, dedicating the Armenian version, to the late Thomas. Buchanan Read, the American poet. It is not only that' the poets have in Venice found • • a . fertile field for the display of their genius, but even such unlikely person's aB kings hive " dropped into poetry," as Silas Wegg would sayi amidst siiph congenial surrounding^., At; the Armenian Convent of San La/szjijrp they possess a manuscript poem by one of the iate kings.of. Bavaria,.Louis Li in which . he. celebrated the . charms and beauties of the roses which gr4w in the convent garden. Nor is it p&etry; alone that offers a resource for expression to those whose 'sotils^are filled' with the lpeaiaty of Venice, ai who atfe not gifted' ^th the , poWet of song. ;,'.Tlie prose wptten about the place pariakesof tUe iature ofpoetry, and occasionally reaches the Jiigliest altitude, for it is in this that John Ruskin has, in the finest form, told tbechann and. glory of. Vesicae ^ratersinapetry.Bn&iibjpinge; JiEvedone ! ;zntftsfci*fo depict in brilfiadt aolbtttVi W those who stay at home, jvhat,.it ig tjfit renders Venice world-renowned, have succeeded in giving* grand, thoueh vague, picture of the plase. Still, may say with- Holoferiies in "Love's Labour's Lost"—" Venegia! Venegia I Chinon.te nede, ei nontepregia—Venice! Venice! He who sees thee not, pri thee not." ZM P. ,L., CONNELLAS, 