TA LE: Dr. Siiidholme's Dream. Thank Heaven, it is over at last, and all that I have to be thankful for is that the worst has not happened. How it has all come . about is still but a confused jumble in my own mind. Unly one tning stands out clearly before me, and that' is the wretched dream which has been in some mysterious way the cause of all that has followed. Yes, it is as clear to my mind to-day as it was a year ago, when I dreamed it. I can sac the bedroom, furnished with every comfort and luxury. The fire burns brightly in the fire place, and two figures — a man and a woman — move about the room. They seem, by their gestures, to be holding an animated discussion. Yet I hear no voice no spoken word. Tbey are evidently uncon scious of my presence, and I feel an intense longing to let them Jmcw I am there and to mediate between them, for I can see clearly that they are engaged in a quarrel. The man stands gazing into the fire, his hands thrust into his pockets, and a horrible nervous twitching about his mouth and brow, which is rendered more disagreeable by the flicker of the firelight. The woman stands at her pier-glass, and I see the reflection of her face therein, lit up by the wax toilet candles. It is a beautiful face, and is rendered more beautiful by the emotion which heaves the bosom of its owner and suffuses her cheeks with the life-blood coursing through her veins. Rich masses of raven-black hair fall around her shoulders, aad form a stricking contrast with their alabaster whiteness. The man is tall and rather fair. His fore head is high and broad, and his whole face of an intellectual and refined cast. His hair and beard are curly and of an Auburn tint. Both man and woman are in evening dres8._ As 1 stand gazing first at one and then at the oiher. the two faces seem to burn their images into my soul. Presently the man turns toward the woman, with a- look of fierce anger on his face, and with out-stretched hands evidently addresses some words to her. A look of unutterable scorn comes over her face as she replies, and the next moment, to my unspeakable horror, he grasps her lovely throat m his powerful hands, and I can see that he is choking her ! I TI I i-T_ -L OUIYC VYXLil LU-L Uly OUCIigbil LU UpBHflL UP JLLLUVU to her assistance, but I am paralyzed. At last, with a fearful effort, I utter a piercing scream, and wake— oh, with what thankful ness ! — to find it is but a dream. Yes, only a dream, but differing from all dreams I ever dreamed before in this one respect, that every detail of it— the bedroom, the furniture, the faces of the actors — are as clear as if I had seen them with my bodily eyes but yesternight. Long did the dream haunt me, and I had to summon all my philosophy in order to shake myself free from its morbid influence \- sufficiently to devote my whole mind to my patients. Bat the two faces remained clear to my mental vision, and I often speculated upon the chance of my ever seeing their nroioty pes in the flesh. What I am now going to write is a simple record of facts. I have 110 intention of pre tending to explain them. I can see plainly enough how certain links of the chain are csnneeted, but there is one wide gap which baffles explanation. A year had gone by since iry dream, and I was attending a conversazione at Gray's Hospital, given to commemorate the opening of the new wing. There was a good display of interesting objects, and especially of microscopes, ex hibited by one of tbe principal makers. I had been for some moments peering into one of these, when a gentleman, standing at the next instrument, said, evidently addressing myself : ' Here is a remarkably good specimen of the amoeba, if you are interested in these ex amples of primitive life.' I raised my head from tbe microscope 1 was examining and turned toward the speaker. No sooner had my eyes rested upon his face than I became aware that it was the face of the man in my dream. Yes, in every detail the same ! I was so staggered by this discovery that I stood rudely staring in his face, until he said, politely : ' I beg your pardon. I have SistmiEd you /in vour examination of something which per haps weir more interesting to you then this little chap under my'giass.' I stammered out some excuse for my rude ness, bent over Ms microscope, and duly praised the specimen. This led to a conver sation, which soon proved that we were both . interested in microscopy ; and as we' were both alone at theconvcraazione, we wandered through the wards together aad talked 4 polly- wogs 'the whole evening. He was a man of considerable culture — a barrister, he told hie, but fond of science, particularly of microscopic studies. 1 hap pened to have some rather fino specimensof my own, -and as every microscopist is 4 hail- fellow-well-met, with every other, 3 asked him to visit rne and sec my collection. He came, aad I returned the visit, which led to a friendsMp between us and frequent visits to each other's houses. One evening my new acquaintance, v/hem I will oall Hennell, called upon me and arid he wished to take me to the house of a friend, a certain "West End physician, who, he said. had a magnificent collection of slides. I readily. consented and we weie soon on our way. Hennell was very communicative as we walked along, and allowed his talk to take a somewhat personal turn, -which was unusual with him, as he rarely indulged in anything bordering on egotism . He told me that his visita to 'Dr. Vurren'fl ha-, i an in. to rest in thein beside that of poliy wogs,' as we called our animalculie, which, in short, was nothing less than love for the physician's daughter, cf whom he spoke in the warim.sC terms of ad miration. - c «?-. niu ui'tnnlir tlorfhA. M-J UV'hl. »- « ».o At vnvv tion iu mind and person, as you will readily admit,' 'said he. I replied ihat I was quite prepared to see a female paragon, as I knew that he was a man who "would not be easily satisfied with a- Woman. "We arrived at Dr. "Warren's and by his desire were shown into his study, where we found hip 1 already busy selecting some of his choicer- specimens for our edification, and' we were soon all three deepen the examina tion of slides and living specimens from the large glass bowl in which the doctor kept Ms live stock An hour or so passed away, and we were so intent upon our studies that I had not ob served the entrance of a fourth person until I heard a soft, quiet voice say : ' Good evening, Mr. Hennell ; and, if you are not too deep in tbe mysteries of rotifera and other cr-rdful creatures, pray introduce me to yourii.eiid.' Hennell rose quickly from his microscope, with heightened colour and extended hand. ' Good evening, Miss Warren. Allow Hie to introduce to you Dr. Siudholine.' Great her.vens ! What strange fatality was pursuing me ? Standing before me, sure #s death, was tho woman of my dream! I felt that mv heart was standing still and that the blood had left my lips. I could see my own condition reflected in the embarrassment of the young ladv before me, and I made a des perate effort to control myself and go through tbe formalities of au introduction. The task was rendered more difficult by the knowledge on my part that Hennell's keen eyes were fixed upon both of us and were taking in all that was passing. However, good breeding, of course, prevented Ms making any remark at the time upon what must have appeared strango behaviour on my part, and Miss Warren speedily recovered her composure and invited us to come and take some refresh ment. - . ' My father and I usually dine early in order that he may have a long evening with his microscope, and so we generally have a light supper,' she explained. I found tm self seated opposite Miss "War ren at table, and felt tbe strange fascination of her face— a fascination which owed its power in my case less to her beauty, wMoh was undoubtedly remarkable, than to the in sistence of my brain in tracing the likeness between the woman of my dream and tbe living and breathing woman before me. I glanced from time to time at Hennell, and more than once caught Ms scrutinizing gaze fixed upon me ere be had time to drop Ms eyelids, and tois increased my embarrass ment, so that I must have shone but poorly in the conversation which enlivened the supper table and im which Miss Warren took part in a manner which fully justified all that Hennell had said of her mental powers. Supper over, we retired to the Doctor's surgery and had our pipes and some wMsky and then bade our host adieu. On our way home Hennell rallied me about my strange behaviour on my introduction to Miss Warren, Muting half jocularly and half tentatively that that was not our first meeting and that I was probably an old ad mirer of tbe lady. I tried to enter into Mb jocular mood, but could not ; my mind would revert to the dream and to its already partial fulfilment, and I asked myself a hundred times whether I ought not to tell Hennell what was passing in my thoughts. Meantime my distract- d manner gradually told upon him also, and he became silent as we paced along together. On reachiug his chambers I put out my hand and said, 4 Good night.' ' Good night, Studholme ; but I am afraid it i3 either 4 love at first sight ' with you — in which case it is awkward for me — or else Miss Warren has mesmerized you and for gotten to wake you up again.' I tried to laugh off the impeachment, but there was no general hilarity in my laugh, and Hennell saw that there was none. However, he took no further notice of my. mood, and I left hitn and sought my own house. I am a bachelor and getting well on toward the forties — aa age when a man ought to have some judgment, if he is ever to have any ; yet when I sat that night by the fire in my study and puffed hard at that aid to reflection, my pips, I could not for the life of me determine on any course of action with regard to my friend and his sweetheart. I got down AbercromDie ana reaa nis chapter on ' Dreams,' and the strange coin cidences which sometimes may be traced between the dreams and subsequent events — coincidences which in many cases can be ex plained by antecedent events, and wMuh in other cases only exist between some of the circumstances of the dream and the facts. Still my mind came back to the question. How was it that I should see those two faces so clearly in- my dream — faces which, to my knowledge, I had never seen before in tMs world f And even if I had seen them in the great human tide that surges around us, I must have seen them at separate times. Why, then, should they associate themselves in that horrible fasMon in my dream ? And why should I afterward find their possessors already linked by tbe bond of love, and drawing near to the state which would make the fulfilment of my% dream at least a possibility ? A possibility ? nay, a certainty ! whispered some strange voice within me. Good heavens ! what should I do ? If I spoke to Miss Warren of the matter I might awaken in her mind fear and distrust, which would have no more solid a foundation than 9l "fVinliaTi nrirl n ufraTKyp pniTipirlpn AO -WW-- W — V. V- wv--.— Qw WW- — W-W.W — WW. If I were silent, and by another 4 strange coincidence' tbe dream should be realized to its horrible end, I should stand, in my own eyes, as an accessory before the event. I could see nothing clearly, and, like most men of a contemplative rather than an active cast of mind, I resolved to let matters drift and trust to events to decide my final course of action. Meantime my acquaintance with tbe Warrens progressed, owing to tbe persistent invita tions of the doctor, to spend time with him in his study over the microscope. I saw the approaching fulfilment of Hennell's en- gagement with Miss Warren, and watched carefully the indications of the man's char acter. He seemed to me to have a generous nature and a well-balanced mind. I managed once or twice to got him to talk about himself, and gave him my opinion of his character and temperament, finishing with a eulogium upon hiss s-lE-commaiid, instances of which I had seen on more than one occasion in our ramble.; together. 4 My dear fellow,' replied he, 4 you have now- touched a very weak spot in my nature. ' Izi the days' of my youth, as Father Williams remarks, I was notorious for the violence of my temper, which used to seize me like a whirlwind and whisk me away I scarcely kuew whither. Nothing but a certain development of the national faculty and de votion to patient work at my microscope has enabled to get self-control to be tolerably certain of myself under, at least ordinary provocation. Whether I should still stand firm under extraordinary provocation, Heaven only knows This conversation disturbed mo greatly. The man was, without doubt, too generous and lofty of mind to commie a deliberate wrong, "out, by his own admission, he had a passionate nature which, like a vicious horse mi'/ht at any moment bolt with bis rider ana ormg disaster either upon nimselt or another. What other? Might it not bo on the woman of my dream — the woman ox his choice, which was one and the same in my inind. Again 1 debated in my mind whether 1 should warn this girl and toil her inv dream and again I shrank from meddling with ')t:i;c' p.-.opie's afi'.iirs ; and lo ! while I hesi- atcd, fate sealed the match, and I was called upon to act as 4 best man ' to my friend. This constituted me 4 the friend of the family,' and J was a constant visitor at their house at Barnes. It was about six months after their marriage that a.n event occurred which awoke within me once more the horror of my dream. I had dined with Hennell and his wife, and ho and I had strolled into the garden to smoke our cigars. I' Come and have a iook at the stables, old follow,' said Hennell leading the way in that direction. As we approached the building vie could see a light burning in one of the stables, and could bear a hubbub as if one of the horses were careering about the stable. Hennell and I ran to the window, through which wo could see a groom striking one of tbe horses vicioasly about tbe legs with the handle of a stable fork. The mare (which it appears was Hennell's favourite back) seemed almost mad with fear and excite ment. I turned to Hennell, and tho sight of his face appalled me, so full of evil passion was it. Without a word he rushed to the stable door, threw it open, and seizing a heavy bunting whip with his right hand and the groom's throat with his left, be rained on Ms body a shower of blows which curdled my blood to see. At last I sprang forward and seized the wMp from behind him as he raised it for further blows, and being myself rather athletic, I managed to relax his grasp of the groom, who fell all of a heap in the corner. Hennell's eyes turned to mine, and the fire in them faded, into a huntsd look. ".He shook like a leaf as he stammered forth broken apologies for Ms violence. 4 She is my favourite mare, Studholme, gentle as a child ; and tbe brute struck her with that thing while she 'could neither re taliate nor fly !' ' All right, eld fellow. I daresay he has deserved what he has got,' I replied ; 4 but do you go into the house and leave Mm to me.' 4 No ; I am a greater fool than he ! I have given way to passion such as no doubt in fluenced him, and I have less excuse — God help me !' and he turned and left the stables with Ms hands covering Ms face! I helped the groom to rise, and sawhim safely into the servants' quarters, where he would no doubt be attended to by Ms i'cilo ws, and I then sought Hennell in tbe drawing-room. He was not there ; but Mrs. Hennell sat there, some embroidery in her bands and a placid smile on her face. 4 Well, have you finished your cigars ; but where is Frank P Again that dream forced itself before me, I pictured to myself Hennell grasping tho groom's throat, while ten thousand 0 evils looked out from his eyes, and I thought, ' Had it been her throat and no one near to savQ her ?' Why should I not warn her as to her hus band's temper, and either tell her my dream, or at last beseich her to guard against arous ing his passion ? . I trembled with excitement but I strove to be calm, and, taking her baud in mine," had just begun my task of telling her of what had passed in the stables when the door opened and Hennell entered. I was in so nervous a state that I have no doubt I looked altogether confused, and Mrs. Hennell herself was agitated by my manner and my opening words, begging her to listen calmly to what 1 was about to say. Hennell looked Keenly at both of us, and said no word, and, after a little forced con versation between myself and Mrs. Hennell, I begged to be excused and retired to my room, as I was staying with them for the night. I retired to my room, but not to rest. I" was too excited to think of sleep, so I drew an easy chair in front of the fire which burned briskly in the grate, and sat down to ponder over the events of the day. I had had a long ride with Hennell during the afternoon, as a special holiday, and I was physically tired, so that nature, aided by the warmth and comfort of the room, asserted her rights, and I fell asleep. How long I slept I do not know, but long enough to dream again the dream of a year ago, and once more I suffered the agony of seeing the man seize the woman by the throat, but this time be suddenly cast her from him, and she fell heavily upon the floor. I heard the sound of her fall, and sprang up, wide awake, and an irresistible impulse moved me 10 seize ine lamp ana rnsn to tne iana- ing. There I was met face to face by Hennell, and, merciful Heaven ! what a face was his ! It seemed to wear the stamp of years of agony. 4 For God's sake, come with me, Studholme — iny wife is dying or dead !' were his words as he led me into his bed- room. There, on the floor in front of her toilet table, lay his wii'einher dressing-gown, which was open at the breast, and her raven tresses fell in all their glory over her hosoui. I knelt beside her and laid my hand on her heart. Thank heaven, it still beat, though her face -and lips were ashy pale. As I bent low to see if she breathed, I saw by tbe light of the toilet-caudles three dis tinct finger marks upon her snow-white throat. It was all true, then he had tried to strangle her. Hennell Mmself stood in front of the fire in a dazed condition, twining his fingers to gether like a puzzled child. Iu a harsh voice I bade him get some brandy, and meantime bathed his wife's forehead witli cold water. She was evidently stunned by fall, and must have struck her bead agaiuat some piece of PnrniinrA in 'Phprp tttptp r>n mnl signs of asphyxia, thank heaven! and I knew she would speedily recover conscious- ness ; so, having administered to her a little of the brandy which Hennell brought, and witnessed the first deep breath which har- bingnd returning consciousness, I slipped out of the room, whispering to Hennell to come to me for further instructions later on. Ho came to my room half an hour after, and, in reply to my query as to how fared his wife, he said, in a low, broken voice : ' Better, better, than I deserve— God help me !' and sinking into a chair, gave way to such violent weeping that, in "spite of tho intr hourf Jiicl' T „ J the man. I spoke sharply to him, as lie was hysteri cal, and bade him pull himself together and act the man, but he replied in despair ; 4 1 am no longer a man. I have laid hands upon a woman, and the noblest and truest woman that ever stepped on God's eartb !' Ho would have told mo all there and then, but I would not listen and bade hitu return to his wife and watch her with care until she slept. Poor devil ; he did watch, as I afterward learned from his wife ; for when sin- was awakened by tbe sum streamiug through the window- blinds, he was still sitting before tho empty fire-place, his face buried iu his hauds and his elbows resting on Lis kuees. At her first movement, (so she told me) lie rose from his seat and knelt by her bedside declaring he. would never rise again until bo had received pardon, and offering there and then to go away, if she so desired, forever, leaving her tbe iicuse and grounds and half bis fortune. I need scarcely say that he wis forgiven aad did not go away, and that in truth this strange and violent scene aud the bitter repentance which followed on Ilcimeli's part only bound husband and wife in cioser ties. 1\. iiu«.nL me awi;, uiiunvura irom Hennell's own lips — how that the row with the groom had thrown him entirely off his balance and let loose the demon of passion which had been lone chained up. One devil lose hud brought him another for orunrirmv viz., jealousy, and ho bad. charged his wife with dishonorable relations with myself. Tho scorn with which she treated the charge being too proud even to rebut it, liad mad dened him, and he. had actually seized her by tho throat, wbeu she stepped backward, and, tier foot catching in. her dressing gown, she fell and was stunned by the fall. Thus was my dream realized, realize 1 partly by its own hah-fiil influence upon myself and others ; but there still remains the mystery — why did I see those two faces in my dream ? "Why were they associated together in the dream as they were afterward in reality ? I confess it has shaken my scepticism as re gards the things 4 not dreamed of in our phil- OBOjmy., rounauiVANT. . It is all explained at lastj and I, can still dispense with the aid of the supernatural. Last nielil: we had gathered together round Hennell's fireside — a motley group of authors, artists, and scientists, such, as Mrs. Hennell loved to bring together. The conversation turned on art in general and pictures in particular. 4 Did you see Yan Hagen's weird exhibi- i tion last year ?' asks young Lawrence, the artist. 4 There was one ghastly picture of a man strangling a woman in la bedroom. My thoughts at once rushed to Hennell and his wife, aud I trembled for the result of the speech, but both hnsband and wife were calm .as a summer's night — they had buried the past forever. 4 The only thing in the picture which pleased me,' continued the speaker, 4 was the painting of tho furniture and surroundings in the room, and the reflection of the woman in a large c'aeval glass. Hello ! old fellow, got 'em again !' suddenly exclaimed the irre verent young fellow, addressing myself, and at that moment I caught sight of myself in the mirror of a sideboard ; I was as a man' who had seen a ghost. 4 Go on,' I cried ; ' describe the picture in detail.' Lawrence did so, and the whole company listened with heightened interest to his description. Then I turned to Hennell and asked : 4 Did you visit that exhibition ?' 4 Certainly, and Edith with me ; fit was shortly after our engagement.' 4 And did yon see that picture ?' 4 AYe did, undoubtedly .; for I had' to drag Edith away from it at last. She seemed fas cinated by it.' 4 What was about the date of your visit to the exhibition ?' ' 4 Well, I happen to know tho date exactly as it was the date of our annual dinner at the Club. June 27, 18—.' ' 4 Then I have solved the mystery !' I cried with excitement. 4 Highly interesting, ' quoth Griggs, the the'osophiet, 4 especially if we happened to know what the mystery is !' Thereupon I had to relate the story, the utUAin \J J. wiiitiii at u hilUVYli LU Lilt? Igauui omitting, of course, the strange sequel. ' Very extraordinary !' exclaims Griggs, now serious aud on the scent of what he sup posed a fresh exhibition of things behind the veil, ' and no doubt explicable by occult science.' 4 There is a much easier explanation thau that, my friend,' I replied. ' I was at that exhibition and stood before that picture long enough to get its details impressed upon my brain. As I turned away Hennell and his lady love, now our honoured and beloved hostess'' (with a bow to Mrs. Hennell), 4 also stooa in the front of that picture, and, although then unknown to me their striking and handsome countenances' (with another bow to host and hostess), t made another, though uuconsciousj impression on my brain.' 4 On your heart, old man,' chimed in the incorrigible Griggs. 4 1 left the exMbition, and, on reaching home, was culled at once' to see one of my wealthy patients. I ought to say my one wealthy patient, for such he was at that time. It was a bud case, .and I had to sit up with Mm all night, and for several days 1 was in constant attendance upon my patient and scarcely had a night's rest. 4 Then I got a whole night's rest, and near morning dreamed my dream; but, owing to the .vagaries which the mind plays in dreams, while retaining intact the vision of the room in the picture, I caused the man and wife in the picture to change faces with the lady and gentleman who were looking upon it at the same time as myself.' ' Then Hennell. did not murder you, after all, Mrs. Hennell?' cried La wrenee. No; by the grace of God !' replied Hen nell, with a solemnity only understood by two persons present — Ms wife and mvself. — The Cornhill Magazine. 