Widow Watson. By R. P. WHIT WORTH. A wet Christmas. You know what tha means on the diggings. It means hot, muggy weather, mud up to your knees; damp, dirt, and discomfort generally. But it aleo means K Dig wasmng up, ana consequent pieuty ui gold, with its concomitants, drinkinu, gam bling, riot, disorder, and dtvile' dance gene rally that characterise the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings of. let us say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on tne gold-fields seems to oast over the memories of tho<<e who have lived long enough to recollect them. The days of easy get tins, tnd ' reoklese spending, of desperate toil and triad revel, of hardships and danger, and thought less waste, of crime perhaps, and suffer ing. And yet from out of those dark days, from amidst those bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, shine out vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the mm ky clouds by which they are environed. Such an one, of many I have known, ooours to me now. A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek aud the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded hump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the li-.ht drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant instead of, as he was wont in fine weather, appearing, almost to overhang the valley on the steep hill sides of which the miners sought their rioh treasure. The roads and traoks, such as they were, were covered with a thick layer of yellow mire and slush, aud all nature seemed as miserable and dejected as she usually does under such conditions. In the afternoon, Ro we ver, the 'rain partially oleared off, and ithe son even got a ohanoe now and again to lighten np the prospect with a tearful Bmile. . But melauoholy as everything looked out side, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound of revelry, not to saj devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to bacco and the odor of rum, and fringed with garniture of ohoioe digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in tha township. In a word, money was plentiful, he men were in high spirits, and Bullooky Ben, the burly landlord of the 44 Pick and Shovel," who waB usually of a grumbling disposition, was heard to deolare that there hadn't been suoh a 41 roust up," since he'd been in the country. Drinking, swearing, smoking, dancing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, ca? d- playing, were in full blast, and poker, euchre, oribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, by which the nnholy alliance of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, went merrily on. Why try to describe the scene farther ? Those of the olden time who have been in it and of it, will easily realize it, those who have not, never ean. That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond the Western ranges, tbe slosh, slosh of a heavily shod man, might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud, from the direotion of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the townBhip. .Presently he emerged from the bush into view. He was a big, stalwart fellow, black-bearded, and em browned by exposure to the sun and weather, i Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life fought yet not always won. He was clad in the inevitable slouched billy-cook hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained with slush and bedaubed with clay, he looked the very picture of what he was, a hardy, fearless, rough and tumble old time digger, equal ito either fortune, and ready at any mo ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, for that whs the soubriquet by which he was mostly known, was indeed a hard cane, honest indeed, industrious, and trne as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard living, hard swearing, graceless reprobate, a type, in short, of a class of which there were so many in those days. As he came down tbe hill and approached the fallen tree which served as a bridge over the yellow -ashing creek, a sudden, heavy downpour of tain caused him to turn aside for Bhelter, in a little shed attached to a small slab hut a little way back from the track ; and, without inter. Jiar, io be an eavesdropper, he could not help overhearing what was being Baid in the sorry dwelling. By-and-by his attention and his cariosity were aroased, and aB by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in the logs, he could see without being seen, he iooked in. The room was meanly and scantily furnished, and by the empty fire place, Beated on a low stool, was a woman of some thirty yearB of age. She had a gray, faded, sorrowful look, the sad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face bo certainly, and alas, so indelibly, Leaning on her lap, and. gazing intently into her faoe, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old, and; on a roughly constructed bunk of sap lings, eat two other enildren, girls, of abonb four and six respectively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, the widow and fatherless ohildren of Harry Watson, an industrious miner who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by tbe fal ling of a-tree, eighteen months before. Tbe .company had buried him, and had done something for the widow, certainly, but ob I so little for her needs, and Bhe had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework; but she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved, and never paraded her poverty, ehe seemed to have dropped out of mind. " I'se doin' to hand my 'tokin' up fo' Fanta Flans to put sumfin' in, den we's have a dopd dinner, eh, mamma ?" the little fellow said as Curly peered in. The widow's eyes filled with tears, bat- Bbr made no reply. " Santa Cians doesn't oome so high up ir these ranges as we live," said the elder girl. 14 Yes he does," said the younger, " don'' yon. remember, once, at Christmas, he put something in onr stockings. I got a brigh' new sixpence and a doll. But that was be fore pa died." "I'ee doin' to be a big man soon, I is,' said the little boy, bravely, 44 den I'Be doin' to be a didder 'ite pa, and 'den I'e det p'entj money an' fings. Isn't I ma ?" " Oh ohildren, ohildren," said the widow, choking baok a sob, and smiling, or trying to milfl through her falling tears, 44 we are Eoor, very poor, bat never mind, we'll be atter off some day, and then — and then — " But the poor woman fairly broke down, . and wept silently. "What mates you always try so, ma I" asked the little fellow, gently Btroking the faded faoe withhiB chubby hands. ,4 Ob, nay darlings, my poor, innocent, help less little ones, you'll break my heart witb your prattle. I cry beoause I have no food to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no anything. A little dry damper, that is all. When that's gone, God help us." " God will help us, mamma. You have often told us so, and you always Bpeak the truth," said the elder girl, caressingly, and olasping the wjdpw round the neok,and softly kissing ner. " Besides I'm not hungry, at i least, not very." , Gurly oould bear no more. He made onee ; as if be would have knocked at the door, bu, after a moment's hesitation, he turned' softly . The " Pick and .Shovel' —ana, for the' matter of that, every other hotel and shanty in ths to wnshin— was doinn a roaring trade mat evening, and Bullooky Ben, his wife, Jim the barman, Moll Dowd, the big, red- haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe, the odd job man, was as busy as they could be, reap ing in the golden harvest. The bar was full, the parlor was full, so was the long dining- room, so was the kitchen, The atmosphere was thick with tobacco smoke, the noise waB uproarious, as Curly strode in from the mud puddle that did duty as the main 44 Hello, Curly 1" shouted Long Ned the packe, as he caught sight of Curly's face in the doorway. 44 Where you been ? Darn me if yon don't look as soared as if yon'd Been a ghost." There was a lull in the hubbub, as every one in the room turned to look at the new comer's solemn countenance. He did look scared enough, in sober fact. 44 Boys," said Curly, impressively, " I have seen a ghost, and such a ghost as I can't say I'm sorry for seeing. And it's fetched me, yon bet. Fetched me up all standing, as a feller may say." There was a dead silence, and someone aBked : 44 What have you seen ?" 44 A ghost, mates. Tbe ghost of days long gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The ghoet of undone duty. The men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the card playerB suspended their games. " Boys," he went on, 44 I've seen thie blessed evening what's brought the salt water into my eyes, and by George 1 I ain't ashamed to say it. Ycu all remember poor Harry Watson, as was killed at the Long Tunnel two year since oome June?" 44 Yes, yes." 44 Well, I happened to be passing the Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to Bhelter out o' the rain, and there I see and bear summut as laid me out, knocked the sawdust clean out o' me. There was that poor creatur' a-sntin' oryin' over them fatherless babbies — cryirt', mates, o'count of havin' no food to give 'em. Think o' that, boys, this blessed Christmas time, and no food to give 'em. I couldn't stand their in- noeent talk, by George I couldn't, I had to cut and run. If I hadn't I should ha' blubbed right out. Now, you've all beer'd o' that Santa Claus as bring things for kids on Christmas eve ?" " Yes, yes." "Very well. This 'ere's Christmas eve, and we've had a good washin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ere, that Walhalla's not goin' to be played so l.»w down on as not to have a Santa Clau.-1 of its own. And that Santa Clause i< gmn' to the Widder's thiB very night, on the quiet, as it were. We ain't a mean lot o' skunks on these diggin's, not as I knows on. There's my hat, and there's my pound note in the crown on it. Anybody can cover it as likes." Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bully, and the most inveterate gambler on the field, rose quietly from the table, saying in, fox him, a wonderfully soft voice : 44 Put down your oar ds, boys, I'm in this I reckon. There's my pound. Who's next ?" There was no need to ask. In a moment Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic crowd, and noteB, gold, and silver were poured into the hat as if by. magic. 44 Pass it round here," called someone from the bar, and the Paotolean stream rolled in. 44 Pass it ronnd the township," cried one enthusiastic contributor, "I reckon we mountain boys do things right up to tbe nines when we do 'em at all." And it was done. Some gave in money, some in kind. Tbe affair by some means had spread through the place, and all gave something, the result being that Santa Claue must have had a very big pack indeed to hold half the offerings of these rough ant. ready, but generous, dwellers in the wilder ness, The township appeared to be oppressed with some great and profound secret all that evening. Men who met in the hotels, stores, or street, whispered to each other myste riously, or conversed in low, solemn tonc-s. Even the card players at the tavernB seemed to be preoccupied, and Bendigo Sam twice made a misdeal, a thinghehadnever before been known to do within the memory of his oldest acquaintance. Quarrels were made up, old friendships which had been severed, renewed, and, singular to relate, for the first time in the history of Walhalla, the eve of festival wbb allowed to pass without a fight, or a solitary individual being 44 run in" to the police camp. It was as if the inhabitants had had premonition of some vast moral earthquake or volcanic erruption. At a little after midnight half a score of stout fellows, each loaded up with a package more or less bulky and weighty, might have been seen moving stealthily along the valley in the direction of the widow's residence. The rain had ceased, and a watery moon shone .in the firmament, now visible, now obscured by the driving eoud overhead. There was not a sound save the harsh brawl ing of the swollen creek, and the querulous whimper of some belated 'posBum in the dis tant bush. Noiselessly they approached the log eabln. All. was silence, all darkness. Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the little overhanging poroh, and as noiselessly they glided away again, fading ont into the semi-darkneBS like so many shadowy spectres. Meanwhile the ohildren Blept peacefully, dreaming, it might be, of the angelic qnire who hailed the natal day of the God-child with exultant carols of transcendent sweet ness more than eighteen centuries before. Slept, each witb its little stocking pinned above its head in childish faith in the dear old legend we all know and love to teach. The hours of darkness sped. The bell bird and magpie hailed the advent of the sacked morning with the metallic music of their joyous notes. Tbe roBy blush of dawn spread over the eastern sky, lighting up the peaks that rose tier after tier in the grey dis tance. The fresh crisp wind rustled the leafy screen orf the lofty gums and tbe sweet scented wattle -blossom, and the mother rose from her lowly couch to prepare the meagre morning meal with the moisture in hez eyes, and the dnll aching of blank despair in her heart. _ No need for her to look into those poor little stockings hanging at the bed's head. No need to wake the little sleepers to the dis appointment that must come too sood. She went quietly and silently to work, built up some kindling for the fire, then opened tha door to get a stick or two of wood from the small store in tne shed. Great heavens 1 what was this? Was it a dream ? Was it a mockery of the senses ? Was it witchcraft? A heap of packages huddled into the door way, and on the topmost one a card securely sewn, and bearing the inscription : 44 The Widow and ohildren Watson, from Santa Glaue." She staggered back into the room, and, in a voice that seemed eearcely her own, called on the little onee to wake and see this marvel of marvels. Marvel of marvels indeed. Wonder beyond all wondering. The very embarrass ment of riohes. The ohildren had never seen anything like it before. Flour, tea, sugar, butter, cheese, baaon, a fat goose, tinned meats — why go on enumerating. There was everything human eye bad ever seen, or human heart oonld desire. Food of all kinds, materials for clothing, such few loyB as tbe township conld afford, poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value. . And, last of all, the little boy came to a Bmall parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of 'Cknvas. 44 Here mamma," he said, 44 he's a Iokle heavy one, I tan't 'ift it." Tbe mother 'raised it from the ground. It was beAvy, very heavy for its size. On opening it what waB her astonishment to find it filled with money, paper, gold, silver of all denomina tions. Her heart was full. "Oh my darlings, 44 she cried in an eetaoy of gratitude, 44 we shall never know want again, never, never, never. Kneel down with me and pray God's best bleasing on those who at thie- festive season have not forgotten to remember the Widow and the Fatherless in their affliction. Yea, and they shall be blessed. Amen, and Amen. Behind a clump of bush, not very far dis tant, might have been seen the stalwart form of Curly. As she fell on her knees, and lifted her pale-faoe to heaven, he flushed red through his bronzed ski", turned awkwardly away, and slunk quietly through the bush as if afraid of beiDg detected Let us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude to the One who reigneth eternal in the heavens, and whose mercy endnreth for ever. 