A GHOSTLY EXPERIENCE. The following experience" ocburred in our own time to a gentleman, well-known- in the scientific world of Paris, whom we' have ourselves met in society, and whoso veracity is inimpeachable-thol late Hi. B- y, one of the editors of the Adtnaeles &ierlfijigses;, a man then in the prime of life, constantly on gaged in scientific research, and most un 'likely, from his pursuits and frameo of mind, to give way to undue credulity or freaks of imagination. The story-which he was not willig' to relate-was, however, told by himself to a nmutual friend,, through whom it became known to the present writer. Ht. B- y stated that he had another friend wireho from boyhood had been dear to him as a brother, who went to Algeria, as a colonist, in the more inland part .of the .counitry. Pf. B- y had been for somo time witlout news of him, but felt'no nhxiety, and was not particularly thinking of him, .whe one night, while sitting writing in his private room, to hlis joyful surprise, he saw the traveller. come in, wearing a strange dress, which was unfamiliar him. He started sip and hastened to meet the visitor, heartily ex tending his hands, when to his astonishlment he drew back saying "Do not touch me. Iam r drl," "No me touchez pas-je asui miwrt"), adding that, he had come to ask' him to prepare his mother for the noew that the shock night' not be too sudden. bt The whole story was so unlike the con ventional " ghost ". that JI. D-y, accord-I ing to his own statement, felt no moe.o fear than if he had seen Iis friend under the most ordinary circumstances. The apparition then took its place in an arm-chair, opposite to the one occupied by. P1. B--y, and the two conversed freely as in fariner times; the' one still beloingiilg to this wqrld receiving thed assurance of the other that' he' was "yery. happy " (ftrs Arurn.rx),Ibut that he was not permitted t'say more. The strange visitor then told hiti that' he would comb?'agilin two days later, at thie samo hour, and dis appeared. When he found himself itlone, the awe and terror which had been absent from tile inter view came in full force, and overpowered BI.: B-y, .who tried to brace his nerves by seeking every kind.of niitunrl explanation of thie wonderful'P?'ight 'he b ad witnessed." Halluoination-.a passing fit of delirium-a' delusive. dream, everythinrg ?eemnedi more satisfactory, that the realty. Fi'nally, he determined not to cause.- perhaps needless affltition to'his friend's mother, and ceonse quently refrained from writing to her as he had-been requested to do. WhVien the timeno camo ftr'thie apparition to' return, he prepared a' large fire,. placed an arm-chair n. readiness.for his .visitoi; then' distributid lights in tile rooin, so'na to give it festive.. brilliancy.. :At the .exact hour,.his friend !again stood before him--bit: grave and sad; mildly, but enrnestly, reproaching' him for not -having written to his mother,| and enutreating.him .to do so without loss ofl tirie, for sheo woild' hear the sad news too suddenly froniothdr sources. Pt. B-y, promised to atone'for tle omission, and again the friends . civersod, B-13-y remaining' perfedtly "calm and .without fcrr,'. The .visitor then bade .him' farewell, saying that' :hb:obhoirld ab6,seen no ?inoro on this. earth;' and as 31 B-- . gazed, he sa?[ .'lnigdiradially disappear. >Again Ire was 'smizel with'intnses awe arnd-terror; but this time .hto did :not hesitate to :write to his friend's' mother,i saying ' that'cichrumsatnces which had come tol Iis lrowledgd'cd 'him to entertaini serious fears as to tIe safety of her son. 'Scarcel hid the eoor 'mother received the first intlatioin-of danger, when lthe official conmrunicatloii relchler her, 'ainouno ing the and event as having' taken place on the very day when H?t.D--y had ilrst 'seeon his'mysterious visitor;and emulesing a photo. graph, represenitirg his friend ini the strdnge| dress'which had surprised him, and which I?o found was the one adopted by colonists in that distant part of A' -.? 'ia. 