i ? - SJT $ Woman's Rights. CPAPTH1 VII. SH^BCLirFB9!} HETUIIN AND T&EATXBKT.; Janet clung to her mistress as tbe fatal spot iras passed, and uttered a little stifled . nC&atn; once when a dark shadow stretched beneath a rock. Oh, miss ! look there !? or 4 Oh, Miss Mnocl ! what is that T she kept uttering at intervals ; while M&bri; looked steadily abotit, discerning no flgnre, 110 trace of i-mnlniv Itvino- nr'rietirL 6he wm scarcely disappointed ; 6he had 110 faith in the snpernatnral ; hnt still, Janet's tale had aroused hor cariosity to a certain, and after despatching her telegram io the London detective, whom, on her own responsibility and at her own cost, she was employing -on Slurcliffe's- behalf, she said to her maid, 'I will walk back the 6ame way, Janet. We will give your ghosts one more chance/ So the two women walked along the deserted cliffs. Suddenly Janet cried, 4 Lor1 ! what is thatr in a tone of keener alarm than UBUat; and a tali, fair man stepped back from the edge ot the cliffs to the path where they were, toning quickly at Janet's ** Miss Clarence,1 he said, qnietly bowing \- and coming nearer. ' Ob, Mr. Shircliffe!' she responded, with an involuntary gesture of dismay. 4 What have yon come back for V 4 Why should T slay ? My business is finished. I left home for a month, yoo know, Bnd that elapsed yesterday. Why should 1 6tay away longer, when my pre sence is required at home ? Why should I 6tay ?'— looking nt hpr steadily, while his tone deepened into gained harshness, and with a bitter gesture he moved slowly on. Janet, with some wonderment, hnt more delight (for ghosts were not proof, in her opinion, against a moscniine escort, and she was secretly a warm partisan of hand some Mr. Shircliffc's) dropped behind, very close, but ont of hearing. ' Why should 1 stay/ continued Shir cliffe's, 4 when no word of thanks or acknowledgement has ever reached me from the wormn for whom I made the sacrifice of goii g ¥ 4 But — bnt think of tbe danger to your self V she faltered. ' X care nothing for that. It was not for myself 1 went/ ' Bnt — the circumstances are just the same still. They have not altered yet/— in desperate vehemence. 4 They have altered entirely. When I left, it was under the belief that Hortense cared something for me — that, at any rate, she pot some value upon my life and happiness. A month1* absence witbont message or word, kindly or otherwise, — with no single answer to the numerons letters I have written her, have proved that belief to be erroneous. And now what is this romnnr I hear of her marrying Sir Evelyn Paget?1 he demanded, suddenly Altering bis manner. ' I don't know. I have beard nothing/ 4 Or perhaps it is that yon will tell me nothing/ 4 Nd ; indeed I don't know ! Hortense has been away ever since Mr. Vincent's death. Site could not stay here after the shock, she said, and I have been keeping house for annt here ; so we have seen nothing of each other. She b&s; been stuying with Sir Evelyn's married sister, so the report may have arisen in that way. She only returned home yesterday. I have heard nothing of her visit yet. But, Mr. Shircliffe, yon knew she was n flirt when first you fell in love with her/ 4 She is at home now, you say V was his only reply, 4 1 will accompany yon, if I may, Miss Clarence, and have on inter view with her at once/ She glanced at his set, determined face, and knew that arguments and dissuasions were useless. ' Don't come to the front door then/ she said, pleadingly. ' If yon don't mind coming round to the conservatory with ine, I will send Hortense to speak to yon there/ 4 1 do not wish to creep and hide like a thief/ he replied, haughtily. ' Why should I ? If my life can only be held at 6nch price ? 1 ' If yon would only hate patience !' she interrupted, plaintively, * One rush step ju6t now might bring untold misery on all. I tbink yon might grant me this little favonr/ she replied, with olmost a sob. 4 I beg your pardon/ he said, regarding her more closely, and changing his lone; 4 1 have been very rude, I fear, and very ungratefnl for what 1 know you have done for me. . If yon wish it, I will come to a side-door and wait oat6ide/ They said little more as they walked with &ieps; to Mrs. Allerton'o house. 4 Von will 6ay no word of this to any one/ Mabel whispered to Janot, ns she dismissed her at the front door. Don't mention that you have 6cc» Mr. Shircliffe/ And as Janet promised, Mabel felt easy, for the girl was perfectly to be trusted. Leaving Leigh Shircliffe leaning against « the conservatory outer door, Mabel entered * tbe drawing- room in her hat and jacket, and found her cousin, and she had hoped, seated there alone. What a picture of comfort and peace the room looked, with it6 bright tire, and shaded lamps, and Juxorions chairs in one of which, drawn close to the tender, Hor tense loanged, exquisitely dressed in deep crimson cashmere and black lace, with a book upon ber lap, and a pretty box, con taining the choicest hotlmnee flowers, upon & little table by her side 1 4 Look at the bouquet Sir Evelyn has just sent rue I'-she said, lifting the flowers admiringly. ' Now, that is a delicate little attention I do appreciate 1 I fear they J won't keep for next Tuesday's dance, bnt | } daresay. he will send me some m-»rc for I that/ I * Hortense/ Mabel said, in on agitated | iriii-'prr, t'/miiij,* Hpeloap to the girl, Ktid * bending 'lier lips to '^h'e golden /hpad, 4 Letgh. Shircliffe. is waiting ontsfte the conservatory dpftr to speak to you. Come to him for one rminute, dear I'— drawing her up pleadingly, £ 4 1 am snre I fvon't !— I can't ! — I dare not ! Send hrai nwey, Mabel, for pity'6 sake I I thought yon had managed every thing so beautifully !— regarding her with half-resentment, half-alarm. 'Itisshamefnl of yon to bring him here I Yon have planned it just for 4 1 did not bring him. I told yoa that if you would never write to him, or send him one word 1 4 1 never meant to write to him or send him one word. I am snre all—all that was enough to break off the engagement that we had. I could not write to or send messages to a man suspected of ? ' 4 Hush, Hortense ! Yon shall not say that word !'— passionately. 4 Bow alarmingly fierce yoo are ! I do believe, as I said once before, yon are in love with Leigh yourself 1 1 I am sure I wish you would marry him, and takejhhn away ! It is of no use yon standing and looking at me like that, Mabel. I shall not go near him l'— edging further and forlber from the conservatory. 4 1 tell yon I dare not — there, then ! I am ab solutely afraid of what he might do to me. Besides, I cannot, for — for Sir Evelyn is so wildly jealoiiB, and 60 wonderfully acute, he would be 6ure to find it out in some way, and be bitterly angry ; and I am sure1— looking dowu, end fidgeting with her flowers — 4 1 am not going to lose such a chance as that — a baronetcy, with eight thousand a-yoai — for a senti ment that is dead and gone. I tell you 1 never did really enre for Leigh !' — growing more angry beneath Mabel's glance. 4 1 bitterly regret ever having carried on wilb either of them ; bnl J aro not going to repeat the mistake. I am going'— with a little forced laugh — 4 to take jnnr very good advice at last, via covsine, and give up flirting, and be con tent with only one string to my bow/ 4 Hortense, come and speak to him. You will Dot he so hard when you see him. Oh, child ! he loves yon so I1 4 1 can only wish he did not, for I don't lore him a hit, and never did, and that is the truth. Tell him I treated him aw fully badly, Mabel. I know that now, and I am sorry for it, and I ask his for giveness, and all that; and then he mu6t forget me, for things can't lie altered now. Oh, do go, and send him away, Mabel, for charity's soke I If (Sir Evelyn were to get an inkling of his coming here like this to see me, he would never forgive it. 2 never saw a man so furiously jealously disposed in my life; and — and he may visit me this evening. It is quite possible. Oh, Mabel t yon are getting me into & scrape I' 4 Hortense, stop a moment before you throw soch love from you as his ! 1 — Mabel's voice was trembling with emotion; her pleading eyes were bent 10 her cousin's, her hnnds grasped hers with yearning effort to send comfort to the man for whose sake all thought of self was put aside, — 44 stop a moment before you inflict such bitter pain upon one who is suffering and in tronhle ! Oh, Hortense ! he loves you so ! — he loves yon so 1 1 4 1 am really 60rry, Mabel. I hlnnie myself almost as much as you could do ; hut I am not going to add to my folly by giving false encouragement now. That would be very cruel/ said die beamy, drawing herself up with pretty propriety. 4 At any rote, break it off with him yonrself kindly. Don't hurl his feelings by this cold avoidunce. Yon owe him so much recompense ; give what yon can.' 4 1 give you carte blanche for any mes sages, any apologies you like/ said Hor tense, eagerly ; 4 only I tell you I dare not go to him myself. I am frightened of biu), and that is the truth. If jealousy could prompt one crime, it might another. Don't look like that. I don't 6ay it did, but it migut. I cannot stand this ogita tion,' she contained, glancing at her white face in the mirror, and putting back her hair with nervous fingers ; 4 1 shall look quite a fright this evening. 1 shall go away, aud have some stiong ten, and dress for dinner quietly. 1 am not ubie tc stand these shocks. Yon 6cem to enjoy them. Your nerves are made of steel, I think.' She glided to the door as she finished her plaintive protest, and with a 6igh, Mal»el let ber go. She hesitated a moment, and reflected. 'He loves her so ! ' 6hu murmured, in accents of lendcr est pi'y. 4 How can I tell him how heart less and worthless she is ? Leigh Sbiivljffe was leaning against the door, as Mabel had left liitn ; and raising his head as she appeared, ho 6aid qnietly, 4 Then you cannot persuade her to come ? 4 No. ()h, Mr. Shircliffe, I «m so sorry ! But I think, presently^ yon -viJJ see— you, will see'— not looking «t him as she nervously fullered, nor conscious that lie was looking at her alight, graceful figure,* as it stood in the light, with earnest, steady gaze — 4 you wilj see that it is all for the best/ — desperately. .'All for the best, to be jilted for a title and eight thousand a year ! ' he said, bitterly. 4 Yon know, fhen ?' very softly. * ? ,l 1 overboard part of your conversation. I bad not intended to 6ink low enough to be an eavesdropper, but in a moment of folly, hcuring her voice, I stole jn to have one look at her, and I heard more than I ?bargaiued for,' — with an attempt at a laugh. 4 It has saved you repeating dis agreeable messages, Miss Clarence/ She looked at his white, stern profile, I and yearned to comfort the hard, weary, bitter pnin, expressed in its every line. ' Oh ! I wish it were in my power to comfort, to alter tilings, 10 m«k« you one hit happier/ she murmured, with tears in her voice and 'eyee, and tiympathy too loving too regard self-restraint. 4It sym pathy is auy good to yon, you know that you have mine fnllv, for I know what is to wvR'like you, vainly/ — almost in a whisper. 4 1 know its pain and torture; I can feel for yours.' * 4 Do yon?' he asked, with a swift searching glance. /But do you know ibe bitterest pain of all — to know your love was misplaced — that its object was worth less ?' 4 No; I don't know that/ she said, proudly; 4 1 6b all ever be spared that. But still 1 con— oh, I do feel for you I You loved her . so deeply, so truly, so nobly/ 41 loved her !' he said, with a break in hi6 hoarse accents more touching than sobs, and for a moment he turned aside battling with emotion ; then, as she stood suffering so acutely for his pain, longing —oh, so yearningly 1 — to give bim com fort at any cost to herself; to bear bis pnin for him in addition to her own burden,, if so it might have been, be went on quite calmly, 4 1 lored her; but it is past and over. My love died to-night, a death as sudden and cruel as Vincent's. Yon were right in your prophecy, Mibb Claience — the time will come when I shall see it i6 nil for the best.' 4 Yes, yes,' 6he murmured, looking np at him, and 6be little knew how the lovc light glorified her dark 6weet eyes, how the tender compassion upon her face beautified it. 4 The clouds have born very dark just now, but the light will hreAk through soon, and it will be all the brighter for the temporary blackness. 4 You speak from experience/ he said, again with a gaze fixed upon her.' 4 Yes,' she replied, with quiet, sweet smile; 4 1 know thAt Bufferings patiently and nobly borne, &s; yon will bear yours, must strengthen and beautify, not werp ami distort, the life they fell upon.' 4 1 most not keep you standing here,' he said, after a little panBe; 4 and yet I scarcely know how to sny farewell/ 4 Yon are going away again, of course ?' she said, pleadingly. 4 Yes; just for a little while— oh, please, until you arc a little safer. You trust mc as your friend, don't yon ?' Implicitly,' he said. 4 1 am glad. I always wanted to he your friend, if you remember/ with & fniut smile; 4 ami I promise now to do all I can. I shall delight in doing it; it will be a great pleasure and interest to me, as it has been to do all to bring (lie (ruth to light. We hove got a clue, I think. The detective will be here to-morrow morning ; if you talk it over with him, you will see what you think of it.' 1 How am 1 to Ihnnk you ?' he asked, bending down a little, and still gazioc at her. Her face flushed as she met her glance; 6be drew back involuntarily, as Bhc re plied, with the first tinge of confurion ber manner had shown, 4 1 don't want any thanks. Nothing of that sort is required between real friends/ {Heal friends !' be repeated. 4 1 think your friendship now, Miss Clarence, is the one thing that keeps me from despair/ — in deep low, enrncst tones. 4 1 nm so glad .' she whispered, not trusting her voice to say more jiiat then ; hnt she put her baud shyly into his, and she never drew it away, though he raised it passionately to his lips. 4 1 ble6s you for your sweet sympathy and trnst/ he said, when lie went away ; and even in solitude she coloured hotly and thrilled wildly beneuth the memory of the words, and (he look with which they were uttered. As she stole np.stair^ to hor room, she met HortenBe in unblemished beauty upon the stairs, and heard Sir Evelyn's ring at the door-bet!; Leigh Shircliffe, passing slowly and thoughtfully throngh the grounds, paused opposite the drawing-room, and glanced ?mconscionsly through its uncurtained window iuto the pretty room whore he had so often sat, and looked at, listened to, and made love to Hortense. The fire and the lamps were illumining is now, an then, and across it came a graceful, lithe, 6upp)e figure clad in creamy trailing gnrment6, with pink flowers at ber neck and in her golden hair. She came joyfully forward -lo welcome someone who took her hands in eager clasp and gazed at her beauty with un checked admiration, and Horlome's blue eyes looked qp .at Sir Evelyn Paget, as they had often looked up at Leigh Shir cliffe, dazzliogly, sweetly, shyly. Then across tbe quiet garden came the sound of her ringing laugh, so pretty and bewitching if you were in the inood for mirth; ay, hut so heartless and cruel, false and cold, its silver music sounded across the garden now. 4 What a mistnko I made !' said Shir cliffe, turning, without another glance into that pleasant room. Arid so he bade farewell to (lie woman he' had loved. ' ? . -V.. ./ CHAPTERS!!!. 1. * , ; THB DXTJ^CTIVB AT WOBlt. 4 Is*it (rue that BcighBhircliffe ;s really ^arrested ?' asked Miss Allerton, trembling and growing ^very white: « 4 fine is showing some emotion at last/ thought her cousin, and spanswer^d gentle, ' Yen; Hortense ^ someone ninst have -'tracked him from ''Dover yesterday. He only Innfied^yest rdiiy morning, and th-y* ♦rr&sted; him early ttiis'ragrniug at Haven's Neat/ ' 1- 4 What did he come home for? He knew how it wonld be. What did lie, come. back fpr?' ? * . 4I think yott.lcnow, Hortense; hut' ? pitying again' the distress upon the pale baby face— 4 you need not trouble too much, dear. We' ore very sapgoine about his innocence being' proved now, aud of course it is infinitely -better (hat he should he proved innocent before the world, even if it eutail the misery of a trial, than that ouo' graiu of suspicion should rest upon him, even secretly/ 4 But will my evidence ho required, Malic) ? Can't be be cleared ? Oh, surely yon and those clevaydiitectivcB yon are employing can clefi^him without dragging lira into court 7 j shall die if one of those severe wiggefl council cross questions me, and very likely in my con fusion 2 shall say things that wiU go again6t him.' 4 If you adhere to the simple troth, yoo can clear him by your evidence. If you show that before he met Vincent that evening yoo had accepted him, all motive for the crime is removed. The fortunate lover wonld have no need to quarrel with the less fortunate and discarded one. 4 Bat he is not discarded— at least, he (Victory did not know he was discarded. I really think now I mnst have been mad to go on aB I did ; but I cannot have it all published ; I will do anything rather. If I were 10 go and see Leigh now, Mabel, as you wanted me, would it do yon any good ? 4 Too late,' replied Mabel, contempt uously. 4 He is not a free agent now/ Hortense cared little for contempt. 4 Get me ont of this fearful position in some way/ she pleaded, wringing ber hands, and looking distracted. 4 1 will go abroad. They can't compel me to eoinc back.' ?Yob shall do nothing of (he kind/ said Mabel, passionately. Hortense, are you so wickedly selfish that when a life is at stoke you would sacrifice it for a selfish fancy of your own ? 4 It is not & fancy,' retorted the other, no less passiouaiely. It is my future happiness — the whole of my future life. I nm as good as engaged to 6k* Evelyn Paget, and this — this— all these fearful disclosure hp has no ides of will ruin my happiness unalterably. He detests nothing bo much as a flirt. He lias 110 idea that I ever was foolish enough to flirt. 4 Poor man V said Mabri, with con temptuous bitterness: then more gemlv, 4 You arc winning him nnder false pre tences. Better far to confess your faults and follies, and promise to adopt different conduct for tbe fnture, Hortense/ 4 1 can't ! Tt is all very well for an old maid like yon, who have no temptations to flirt, to preach against it so virtuously!' cried Hortense, angrily. 4 But put your self in my place, and have every man yoa meet paying yon attention, and see if even you would not sometimes act just a little bit foolishly 1 Oh, Mabel ! dear Mabel ! — throwing her arms suddenly round her neck,— 4 do help me. You are so clever, so kind, 60 sympathetic. I can't loso Evelyn, for I love him— not his title and his in come, but himself — yes, at last I know what it is to love, and I know that if my fcannl coqaeiries come -0 his ears I shall lose him for ever. He thinks he is the one mau I have ever encouraged ; yet even now, though I have fascinated him, though I feel he loves me, he has not thoroughly proposed yet. The slightest thing would lose him. He wants a good wife, he says, and how can he ever think I would make a good wife if he hears of my encouraging two lovers nnii! tbey quarrelled about me, and all (hat tale of vanity and wickedness ? Oh, Mabel, darling,— the pretty little jewelled hands clung to her cousin's ueek, the tearful pansy eyes were raised in be witching pathos — 4 you are doing so much for Leigh Shircliffe, yoar friend— in spite of their tears, the blue eyes noted the quick blush on Mabel's cheek — do something for me, your cousin. Get the barristers and detectives to arrange to do without me. . Hortense, I can only advise yon to tell all to Sir Evelyn, and then let him see you act bravely, truly, and unselfishly. Then he may pardon the past . and trust the future. 4 No, he won't. Oh, I wish now I bad qone to (lie 2unser?atory and tnade Leigh go away lust night. It wa6 a wicked trick of yon to bring him here, Mabel. 4 Mr. Hunt,' announced the servant, opening the door, and a quiet-looking mnn with a wonderfully keen eye, and a gentle manly manner, and a faec like a mask, entered. He looked attentively at Hor tense ; and Miss Allerton, to whom all admiration, be it a nobleman's or a detec tives, was gratifying, looked pleasantly at him. 4 You had a good deal of conversation with poor Mr. Vincent at one time or another?' said the detective, addressing Hortense. 4 Did you every hear hiai say much about a brother, or any other re lations 7 4 He mentioned his brother/ said Hor tense, relieved by the ending of the de tectives sentence — the lieginning had alarmed her. * He was on had terms with him, I fancy, for they did not correspond. He had a sister, the Countess of Dnzzi, or some such name, but 1 believe he rarely saw her. I think ' — -looking sorrowfully upon the carpet — 4 he was quarrelsome, poor fellow. 4 The sister was married, of course ? Did you hear anything of her husband ? , * 1 once heard Mr. Vincent say he haled jfim. 4 Ah ! ' Mr. Hunt looked at pretty Hortense again with apparent interest, bnd Hortense thought again that he ad mired her. ' Mr. Hunt,' she began, glancing at him sweetly, but At that moment the door bell rang again, and the servant entering, looked at Mabel. 4 Signor Rosselli wishes to 6ee yon, Miss Clarence/ 4*Tell the servant to show him into the next room!' ssid the detective, in low, quick tones. 4 Interview him alone there, but lei this door'— touching the folded oues — 4 remain as it is. Refuse bim nothing/ he wdnt on, impressively, bnt commit yourself to no promise; of course. Lead him on to say as much a b he will, and defer your decision until to-morrow. Go to him' through the other door. Then, as Mabel disappeared, he caught HorLense's /imploring gaze, at d said quietly, 4 In there anything t can do*for you, Miss Allerton ? (To be continued,) 