Bowser as a Harpist. When Mr. Bowser unlocked the door one night this winter, he did it bo softly, and he made so little noise in the ball, that I suspected something wrong. He came inte the Bitting room looking rather sheepish, and like a man who had something on Ms mind; but I asked no questions, and he volunteered no information until öfter supper. Then he suddenly asfced: , " Do you keep up your piano practice ?" " Oh, yes. Yon hate music, and so I don't play when you are here." " I hate music ? What are you talking about ?" "You have often compared my playing to the Bounds of beating on an old tin pan." "Well, of course, you are a poor player, and jour voice is oracked ; but so far as music is con- cerned-real music-it fills my bouI with joy." " But you never sing or play." "Haven't had time heretofore, but now I-I-" " You intend to." "Yes. I feel the need of something to make home more pleasant-to offer more diversion during the long hours of evening. I think I shall leam the harp." "At your age?" " That's it ! That's what I expected to hear ! "What's the matter with my age! I am neither blind, speechless, or crippled. Pliny went at it and learned six languages after he was seventy years old." " Well, I suppose you brought home the harp ?" " Yes. It's a beauty, and I got it cheap. It's a real Givoni, and I bought it of a man who was hard i ?np. Got it for 35 dollars, and it's werth Ï0 dollars." " And you will try to learn to play it P" | "Certainly. I had one lesson this afternoon, and in less than a month I'll astonish you." "You will practice in the garret, I suppose ?" " Not hy a jugful ! I shall practice right here ! 'That is, there won't be much practice about it, as I shall be playing tunes by Saturday." He uncovered and brought in a greasy, ill-shaped barp, which looked as if it had been carried around the country since the days of Columbus, and when he saw me looking at it, he said : "This harp wes made by Givoni himself over 100 years ago." " Who was Givoni ?" "Who was Givoni? Why don't you ask who .George Washington was ?" "Well, if s my opinion that you have been swindled on the instrument, and I fear you are too «Id to take up such music." "Doyou? Thafs a nice way to encourage a husband ! I see now why so many men run out aights. I not only soved 40 dois, in bnying this harp, but I'll make your heart ache with jealousy before the month is over !" He oat down and began to thrum. He held his head on one aide, run oat Ms tongue, and picked away at the scale, and ha had been going about five minutes when the cook opened the door, beckoned me out, and whispered : " I give you notice that I sholl leave after sup- per to-morrow !" " Why ; what is it?" I aBked. "Him-Mr. Bowser! He'll bring spookB and ghosts about! I have already been taken with palpitation of the heart. Mercy! but listen to those voices of the dead calling out to each other across their graves! Mrs. Bowser, it's the wonder of the peoplo that you don't commit suicide !" Mr. Bowser thrummed until I had to carry baby up stairs to quiet his howls, and until the ends of his fingerB were sore, and he wouldn't have quit when he did, had not a voice in front of the house ehouted : " Why don't some one throw a rock through the window or ring for the patrol waggon ?"' i Next day a dark-skinned man who said he was a i grandson of the late Givoni, came up and gave Mr. Bowser a lesson, and the cook, who had almost con- sented to stay, saddenly rose up and rushed after j her bundle. When ready to go she whispered to me: I " I'm sorry, mum ; sorry for'you that's left ! If the child dies, send me word and I'll come and do , all in my power." Mr. Bowser took four lessons in all and then tola his teacher that Ms services would be no longer re- quired. He took the last two lessons in the barn in order, as he said, to surprise me. On the even- ing of the last lesson he brought in the harp just as a couple of the neighbours came in. He promptly responded to an invitation to show off, but had not labored two minutes when one of the gentlemen asked : "Haveyou any particular object in that, Mr. Bowser ?" " Of course he has, replied the other. " It is an imitation of a great calamity in Japan-buildings shaken down by an earthquake-flames devouring the ruins-husbands shouting-wives praying children sobbing-dogs barking, etc. Is it your own composition, Mr. Bowser ?" "Why-why, don't I play all right? The teacher said I was making wonderful progress." They beckoned him out into the alley, and held a conference. What was said I do not know, but when Mr. Bowser came in he looked very pale, and the first thing he did was to give the harp a kick which opened all the joints, and prepared it for the crash which came when he flung it out doors. "Mr. Bowser, have you gone crazy?" I de- manded. " No ma'am, but I've got a few words to say to you !" *' What have I done ?" "Done! Don«! Who coaxed me into buying a harp ?" " The grandson of Givoni. He had an old harp he wanted to get rid of, and he struck you for a flat, and got twice its worth." " Struck me for a flat !" he shouted as he walked around on the cat. " And why P Because I was willing to be swindled to keep peace in the family. You had your mind set on a harp, and harp you must have." " Mr. Bowser ! What did I want of a harp ?" "Heaven only knows. But for you I Bhould never have thought of trying to play on it. What do you Buppose Green and Davis said ?" " That you were a dunce." "That if their wiveB led them around by the nose as you do me that they'd wipe the family out and then commit suicide ! I must have looked sweet dawdling over that old harp !" " You did. I told you that it was nonsense your trying to learn music at your ago." " My age ! There you go ! Am I a thousand years old ? Am I five hundred ? Am I even one hundred, that you keep flinging it at me ! Music ! Why, I've more music in my big toe than you have in your whole body. Mrs. Bowser, this is the limit. You have gone far enough. Now beware ! The wbrm is ready to turn !" But next morning the worm was as pleasant as June, and when a crowd of a dozen boys paraded up and dowii, each harping on a piece of that harp, Mr. Bowser never let ou that he saw or heard any- thing. 