"BEAUTIFUL OLD AGE." How few persons thoro nro that know how to grow old?1' Hbw few 'there riro "that vditlisa" tlili fact that in growing old gradually and gracefully, thoro is as much of an nrt us thoro is in living ,long. and ,wcll. , , What the , paintod sky, and -sqftj?'tiop light' fjoyentiduris1' to llio. chiy,.so. is tho liutumn of one's life to its fiery youth and lis lusty manhood. Who is thoro that cannot, appreciate the beauty of Uio twilight ?' Wlieii ia tliu sky sivMri/ctivp.ha then ? < When,. is. the light so nihllow ati'd so ji.urfcctiy ritluriecl to '.'the seiiBO of vision 1 Not in tho mprning- with, its searching light. Not at noon' when ilio bum's rays consume with heat. ( Twilight is alone. It. is tho.days euthanasia,. And as there is ever ,6ohiUlhing:i.b'biiutifiil''''as1 woll las lad ili this merging of tlie itlriteriril into .1 lib immntorinl, the light into darkness, so in growing old there is nn indefinable quality that adds sometimes tl'guity pnd i always ernce to tlie head ,that is crowned with" silvorocl htiif. ' I think that wo nil will udniit that, beautiful old age,- nod by beautiful old age 1 irieriri riot o'rily'beauCiful in person, but beautiful in man ners and morals, is unexcelled by any other beauty. But to grow old with intelligunce._we must look ahead and plan for it. If we waste our youthful fires in oxtravngant dissipations tho spirit will he consumed, and tliero will bo nothinfj-left'in the- -later years of aur lives to form tho basis for an attractive, age. Youth is selfish, land see's no farther, than a ''day. It is happy ap long: as it can enjoy itself. Antl so it burns tlie.candlo rit lioth ends, and in the twi light ofjlife there is nothing left with which to illumine the surroundings. Then, as Lord Bcaconifield w isely wrifes iri one of his novels, " The dissappointflient of manhood succeeds to Ihe deldsion of.yoiltb." -There is riothh-g that is so elbquotitly sad rio the old age that is broken down dud withered' '' because iri youth tliero was notf that conservation of energies' that must bo observed if wo wish to grow old gradually and symmetrically.; .. -j-.j ; . . . ... This thought w'ris coticeived by Bishop Berke ley : '|Our youth ridcriniirivri but to-dny. We may nlwjiys find time to grow old." Tliiri is very true, arid it is tlio optimistic'; view, of tlio sub1 jeofc. It wo could, enjoy life in youth reasonably wo should not only extract rill the pleasure from cxistench while tvb' arri 'young, but wo should not fail to haver strchgth enough' left when we are old lo enjoy thedater years- of, life. When a man grriwteold'he becomes a runiinaling animal. He lives1 again iiVhiS rec'ollcctions. If they are pleuaanfi, then Iris days' are pleasant. ' If the ghosts of wasted'.- time - and opportunities and failures pnd reckless living face him. thon he is dejected arid unliapp'y.' How can we got that for which we are not willing to mako a sacrifico V Never far a moment forget the compensating logic of finturo; /It' Ib inflexible. If we expoud our vitality in youth can we expect to enjoy a croon olR-irge? "-If wo witstb" "the" foices of life when wo have more than wo need, will not nature sums day call us to account and make us pay for.it.?.. .Surely,, reader, surely. There -is nothing done in this world without its conse quences. A beautiful old ago is tho crown of one's life. - It commands respect and Hdmiration, not to Bay rovcronce, everywhere." 'A' man begins to make friends when he gets old, . because the -fires1 of aggressiveness are, out" and a sere'rie' ' passivity takes its place.--, Brit' wo cannot be serene iri age unloBB we have been temperate in -youth. Shakespeare, iti 'htB "As You Like It;" puts these words into the mouth of old Adam : '' ' Though I look old, yet I am strong arid lusty ; For in my youth I never did apply Hot and rebellious liquors in my blood ; Nor did not with unbashful forehead woo / -/< ( The means of weakness nnd .lebility ; ; ' Therefore my ago is as a lusty winter, < Frosty but kindly, f : - It is an inspiring picture. Put in contrast to this tho picture of a broken-driwn, decrepit' old man, for whom- the world has no happiness. Old age to the first is delightful. ;.to.. the other (it is a calamity.; Which will you choose 1 -It is mearly always iri /the power of (-the . individual whether he shall r.ejoico in tlie days when he is nearinghis end, or. look forward to fhat' end as in release from the sufferings of helplessness.— i' Detroit Free Press.' i " --. .-.j 