An Ocean 'Tragedy. BY W. oLARK iUSSELL. CR0APTER ~XV. . WZL?.rzD's DLaisroN. I? r was pleasant to learn next morning ha tat-the breeze which' had been slipping us -?iimbly through. it since tr had trinimed sail for our folhe?*ard-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving us an average of some seven knots k hottt, but had gathered a little in Et'ease of weight at sunrise, so that I awoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from alof6 the 4uick wash and eager seethiig of recoil ing seas, the atr?n? ig bbisks d·f trong cI hste.. to the Aopibis of the spars as "" 'dugh t he north-east trades were pour i 'furll upon .the starboard bow and we were. buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels, within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had pene trated these "doldrums," as they are called, I was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the toasting eye of the sun sicks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished eell with a white-hot clapper forlight. My spirits h-er ~uod as I sprang out of my bunk tsd made for the bath-room. It was not onsly that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow it5tead of over the stern as it had lWIn for weeks; the object of this ti p, such as it was, hadbeen Echievbi ; there was nothing more to keep i look-out for.; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with SLady Monson lookieg o' was like the drop of the black ubrtin : it was the end of the tragedy; the orchestra had filed "t,? th' l ohts were extinguished, and we 'ouulý now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and made my way to the sparkling breakfast table. I seated myself on a couch wait ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I called the head one to me and said, "Is there any chance of Lady Meon eon joining us at table, doyou know " "Ithink not, sir," he answered. " Who attends to her--I mean as re gards her meals ? " S"Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyships's orders are that a seperate tray should be pre pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her .about ten- minutes ago." " So I may presume," said I, " that she finds herself pretty well this morning? And my cousin, steward 7" "I was to tellyou, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "How is he ?" "Ho didn't complain, sir; just said "I'll breakfast in my cabin this morn ing I" "All right," said I, and the mari retired. There was nothing uinusual iit Wilfrid breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hear that he did not complain ; as a rule he was Very candidif in suffering; owned Seeely to whatever troubled him, however :rifling, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came fiom her berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events I took to express a troubled or sleepless night. Her eyelids were a little heavy ; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Yet no woman, I thought, could ever show 'sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing the atmos .phere with a flower- like fragrance that had nothing whatever to do with the scent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. "He is well, Ihope 7" "Oh, I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. I'll look in upon him after breakfast. Have you seen Lady Monson this morn ing?" "No," she answered, " I sent my maid with a message and the reply was that Lady Monson wishes to be alone." ?Now, Miss Jennings," said I gently but with some emphasis, "you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. You have done your duty; she is on board this yacht ; I shall grow fretful if I think you intend to waste a single breath of-the sweetness of your heart upon the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert nature.. I dare say you have scarcely cldosed your eyes all night through think. ing about her." "About her and other things."' " Why tease yourself? A sister is a sister only so long as she chooses to act 'and feel as one. It is indeed a tender wdr-a sweet relatiofiship. But if a Swoman coolly cuts all family ties-" \- She shook her head, smiling. "Your views are too hard, Mr. MIonson. You Swobuld argue of a sister as you would of a wife. We must bear with the shame(the degi?adation, the wickedness of those we hnave loved, of those we still love spite of bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneel'down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de 'pended uipon our own actions. All of us'would feel cut off." \- Not all, I thought, looking at her, but sat silent awhile, feeling rebuked. I was a young man then; I can turn back now Sscarred as I am by many years of life's warfare, and see that I was hard, too hard in those thoughtl?Es days of mine; tbhat knowing little or nothing of suffering myself, I knew little or nothing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human sympathy. You find nmany corridors in hunman nature when you enter, but sympathy is the only way in; and to miss that door is merely to go on walking * round the edifice. I ate for a litttle in silence, and then said, "I suppose, as you have .seen aslost nothing of your sister, you are unable to form an opinion of her state of mind 7" "She is naturally of a cold nature," shei anmwered; "dispositions such as hers,- 1 think, do not greatly vary, let lwh.at will happen to them. Though one knows not wlhat passion, feeling, emotion may have its fangs buried in such hearts, y.et: suffering has to p?iss through too \- any wraps to frnd exprpmpn.", i. smiled. "Yes," saT :., "Iknow what you mean. Sheis like aperson who tes bu?ied in half-.a-dozen cofins; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." ' "But why did you ask that question, Mr. Moiseioht" " Well," said 1,- "yeul know that we buried the colonel last night ?" She started. "I did not know I" she exclaimed. 9 "Yes," I continued. ." We luhig a couplb of lanterns, and Finn re?d the Si ervice. Jist before the 1iody wis = launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. "Wais Henrietta really present? "she exclaimed. ".How could she have known-what could the mien have thought of her? What niadpess of bad taste I " "The forBfinger follows the thumb " said I, " and when you coine to the little finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying this?" But she merely exclaimed, as thouglh to herself, "How could she be present? How could she be present ?" "Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; " when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, ahd in that posture of supplication continued to watch the dark wahtrs for tupwavlrd of teh mihtutea. lMeanvwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where i stood in the dusk fidgeting 'exceedingly. For what was in my mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard I " Her. violet eyes rested thoughtfullly upon my face. "I hbsblid i'ot have been afraid." ebb ixclainepd with a faint touch t?t ?5irn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. "Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I men tioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moon light." "Women who behave an thy sister has, Mr. Monron," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, " are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be" trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash aad impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will h's extremely careful to preserve her own." "New if I had baid that-" said I. "Oh," she Answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks fading out of hem, " 1 will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I wment to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up iaid 'dressed, sitting in an easy-chair, reading Isis diary, which I took the book to be. He held the velume close to his face ; his legs were croseased, his feet inslippers, his right hand grasped his bi0 meerschaum pipe, which was flled w 7,.u Xn rod lighted. The cabin window was open, and the draperies df the handsome little apart ment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. "You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said I. "Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here though ?" " Not 5t all," said he, putting 'down the booc and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smok e with me." "Why not on deck ? " I answered, sit ting nevertheless. "A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmos phere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke which went up from his bowl. I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale; there was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of anxiety in his eyes that was new to me; a look of sane concern as though some dlificulty novel and sur prising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the .table near which he was seated and easily guessed by what remained that he had made a good meal. His manner was quiet, even subdued; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of the odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes. He was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. "Has Finn removed the five-guinea piece from the mainmast ? " said he. "I don't know, Wilf." "I must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on our arrival. I shall be glad to get home." " And so shall I, upon my word." "The ceaseless motion of the sea," he continued, talking quietly and with a more sensible look in his face than I had witnessed in him since the hour of our start, " grows so distractinglymonotonous after a tunime, that I can readily believe it affects weak heads. This trip has about exhausted my love of seafaring. I shall sell the Bride. Inodded. "How long should the run home occupy us I " he asked. ' "Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I answered. He smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then said, "Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprison ment." I imaginied he referred to his wife, and that he was feeling his way in this round about fashion to talk about her. " There is no necessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," said I. "Your yacht is' not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whispers might indeed prove embar rassing. So far as I am concerned I am quite willing to promise very honestly never even to look. Miss Jennings is all tenderness and sweetness and sympathy; there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors, I continued, noticing without comprehending an air of bewilderment that was growing upon his faceas I talked, "Jack meets with so many astonishments in his vocation that surprise and curiosity are almost lost Arts with him. The crew will take one long thirsty stare; then turn their quids and give what passes aft no further heed whatever." "Idon't follow you," he exclaimed, posing his pipe, with his eyes intently tired on'tme; "what are you talkig gbout 1" "You were speaig of the tediousness of a five weeks' inmprionment i" S"Quite right," said 'he, " and tedious Sit is if it's to last five weeks." "But, my dear Wilfrid, Iwas endea vouring to point out that the imprison ment to which you refer is unnecessary ; in fact after last night-" But here i suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on mty part to let him know ,that his wife had been a present at Colonel Hope- Kennedy's buritl. "What I miieas is," I continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a nietd questibh of sbri Sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser vrtion, why niot imitate'the gtfat MIokanna : "O'erhs featseah . The Veil, the Silver Vel.whch he ahid sung In mercy there to hide from human sliht His dazling brow till men could bearst light." In our case we have no dazzling brow and cbnetlstbahtly require no pilver veils ; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be-" He was now gaping at, me,,and cried out, "Your brain wanders this morning, C?harles. Do you mean thzitI should'go veiled ?" "You I " I exclaimed ; "certainly not. I am not talking of you," " But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. I I~tked hthim With dintetneflt. "llYtt do iibt meiaf to say that *die inteild tb istn prisoti yourself iin this babifi till wb glt hbomb?" He shook his head. "I don'timpfisoif nmyself," he aniswered,." i aM imprisonbd." "I3By whoim; pray " "Can't you st ?"" I tan nly eyes round the cabi... "No, no ! " he shouted, "look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out ? I How am I to pass through that door ?" "How are you to pass through that door?" I exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How clse ?'." "Ay, and that's just what I cai't do;" said he, with : inta.lic?oibl aslikh dt thiB hefid. "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. " Because," he answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, " I ai too big." I perceived now what had come to him, and felt so dismrnyed, so grieved, so pdihd, I may say, to ta "er hlatt, that fot sthte moments I was unable to speak. Row ever, with a violaht effort I pulled ithyself together, and lighting may cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the msrt e of obtaining what eihcictalne I could ge out of my gesturies hihd my Phffing of the tobacco clorids, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid; but lieser to big-ain'd not note so big-as hot to be alhlb toii'ts through that dodt. See b Itt ibi g'd ~riit put your.t.o h.ids juhst above my .hips aid you'll fdlloir ?ie through "~s easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." I rose, but he waved me off with an al most frantic gesture. " My God, man I" he shouted, " What is the use of talking ? I could no tnore get throuegh that dbot than I could pass through that porthole." "But don't you think nt tnldght mniiagii to.haul ýgu th?lough " iiLd. I. YP,:d tear ae to?ices." he answered. ",id own , ry ,oýo. ,; .,,Uný speaking with an alnmost cheerful note in his voice, "it isa verygrave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is com modious, and with you and Laura to come and keep me company, andwith the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," hoadded, liftinghis finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pu, on, " oven if I was nottoo much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, " I should never be able to get through the companion hatch." "Well," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am s?ure to leaving your cabin. If not, ahnd you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room foran elephant." "Ay, that would be all very well," taid he, " so fur as this cabin is concerned. But would you have ire order the carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlanitic weather right ahead of us ? " I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reason ing with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watched him attentively to rkmark if he moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and iswieldiness of excessive growth in his body and limbs : for I remembered the case of a man I once heard of, who, believing him self to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an im mensely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping his stomach as though it stood out a considerable dis tance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that he had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and'-sat talking with him for a long half-hour. He asked no questions about his wife, nor as to the disposal of the colonel's body, nor re verted to the extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the pre Iceding day. Yet he conversed with perfect rationality; his manners were Sbland, with something of dignity in them; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's craziness had localised itself in this new and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, \- leaving his mind in all other directions clear and serene; yet mad as was the I notion that had now seized him, I' could \- not but secretly feel that there was more madness yet in his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed the light of memory in him had been extinguished and he was conscious of nothing but \- what was actually passing before his eyes. I held my peace on .this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at any Shour I might find him on deck and his Sdelusion gone. At dinner, however, that day Miss Laura noticed his absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that there was something wrong with him. She questioned me-and I.told her the truth. Hel r es filled with sadness. "He grows worse," ihe said. "I fear he will never recover." "This marriage," I answered, "on top of what was congenital in him, Las proved too much. Have you seen your sister to-day i" "No." "Does she intend to keep her cabin until we'reachEngland ?" "I cannot say. She declines to see me.". "'Yet ,he has turned you ouit of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer' little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy on oie side, and'a wife self-imprisoned by heaven .knows what emotions on the other side; and both'doors within kick of li foot from eithet threshold. It is a picture to encoittage an ingetdios mni?d fited.with mattimbiibal resolutions I" " Meii ib "fobbls tb' get imne`di I " she exclaimed piqiantly. " And women ? " said I. "Oh, ýt is the lbuiness of women to make men fools," she anscered . Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archness or sarcasm. " I don't think," said I, "that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make 'fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all the gods : if I had married a woman like your sister and she had serve?l maeas she has served her husband? I should wish i Ir. rid- as Vilftid Ho:doaiaot ask after hter, leei tirha utterly forgotten Iier and the felld' was sent to his rest yesteriday. Oh,-h9 delightful I Why you hear of -women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of lifer forcing them to search for oblivion in drink,, gambling, and st an, usitil they end es pentiless sisciarets, as broken-diwn o tple-nosed rguels, add id l 'f6r loct forsooth l i ft hbw is Wilfrid saimed ? Znoine 'ild-byed iinaginitibii .lis idto his bainji,. turns all the paintings tb thb wall, aid ,with nimble hand falls to work to gprnish the galleries ipejdq his skull with tapestry hangings which engage .his .sind to the forgetting ,f all things else." . i "But, Mr. Monson," cricd she, "surely with some little trouble one might siiteced in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he has increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door." "1 ^Tt us pay hiin a visit," said . She at Once rost, We had fiislhed dinner eioth? tiiiii, l-ti been chatting with her over such slender dessert is a yacht's stores in those days supplied-figs, nuts, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The west.ring sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the tble glowed in rich contrast with the snow-white damask and the icy sparkle of ryst-sal irwhilst ted stars trembled in the siidvet iatnji, with a soft crimson lustre flaking; as It iehitttd, upon the eye out of the miitoirs. The hinmihig wfitd gtished pleasantly thiough the open skjdlight and owin tlib h?tchway; and set the leaves of the planFts dtaing aid the fetis gracefully nodding. To think df thi tI?insin for whom all this sihdir 's designed, fbt ivhbm all theloe elbginieswere heaped to gdth ir; the miistress; ifidebd, bf the dallant arid _aiutiftll?.ttils tin?bi ti?hiL? bl- r .ring us with a pretty saueiness ove4 t?~s iaa of ppjhiio anrid undbr this reddening equi noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to her I But Miss Jennings was making her Way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no leisure iotd flit ildtlisifigi . We entered. The etinalil of tlih diidiibi hmyr cousi hid behenserved i-ithi wChro still upon his table, anid I gathered that he .a a so" exceedingly well. This did.ribt look as though ho -sulpe.ot.d -cur ~et?sn had anything to do with his sudden astonishing growth. He hademptied dne' pint bottle of champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow with a biinpei just poisied out; apparently, alongside it. He hali attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm-chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted. ."How d'ye do, Laura, my dear? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people likesou." I placed a chair fot M1]iss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the furniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi ness .oate?i his ?yesi bt this I readily ascribed to the champagne; the interiit was hot; and Miss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cbousin watched her uneasily, as if he feared she would see something ih him to divert her. " Do you feel no-, Wilfrid," said I, " as if you could ght oh deck " " Oh, certainly hfot," he answored warmly, "I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as though he pitied me. "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurting yourself dt alL:" "Quite easily I Yes, in pieces !" he cried scornfully. "But it is not tiatyou are both blind. Your wish is to humour me. Please do nothing of the sort. What I can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp his breast with both hands. " Look at these," he continued, slapping first an arm, then a leg. "It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. HadI increased correspondinglyinheight, I should not have been able to stand up right in this cabin," and he directed a glance at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver ran through him. I thought now I would sound his mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit his cabin, yet if his intellect had failed in other ways to the. extent I found in this particular hallucination he would certainly have to be watched, not for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as you may suppose, his crziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was-in the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to be made a bon fire of as an empty tar barrel, with gun powder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete in ajiffythe work that the flames might be dallying I with. "You do not inquire after Lady Mon son, Wilfrid," said I. Miss Jennings started and stared at me. "nWhy should I "' he answered coldly and deliberately, producing his little tinder box, at which he began to chip. " I'll venture to say she doesn't inquire after me." I was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence that accompanied its delivery. "No, I fear not," said 1, much em barrassed. "As she only came on board '"Well" he exclaimed, finding that I paused. "Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, "It just occurred to me you might have forgotten that she was now one of us, journeying home." "Tut, tut I' said he, waving his hand at me.but withiout turning'. his head. "Laura, you are lodkingg after her, my "My maid ses that she ha all she req'\Te,'" iwe'red the girl.- "She de' I clines to hafd rhd'ig to ay to me-to meet ine-to hear fi no - 1 He nodded his head sldwl said gitaefy at her, and lowering his vo5'6 said? "Cai she hear us, do you think ? " "No," I exclaimed, " not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage a between." He smtoked leisurely whilst he kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on Mi s aura:. t "My condiio," said he, Addressing her as t thoirgr I wers absentf " ~ais oftimte'tkan c one ociasio6i said to tie, ' Suppose ye u recoiei youi.1ifd h hi aye ye? going to do with' her ?' I have recov6ed her anYd now I ,will tell you my iueniosas. Laura, you know I adored her." Shlin- i clined he "head. "What term -would you apply to ad woman;" lie proceeded, "who should abandon' t devoted husband that worshipped the ground sf' walked,, u ?.'Who should desert the sweetest I iga'?fnt" I thought his voice would tet -t it was as steady as the ot his eyet-" that ever came I io htt (Af a motlhei" heart with ve? ho soiiitd1rfeit a position of I distinction. an'd? optl ie'~:t *ho should stealthily creep like.a thief in tilk night from arbome of beauty, of elegance, anid h of spl dous' who" should do all.this for 1 an end of ouch depravity that it must be i nameless? "his forefinger shot up with a jcrk and his eyes glowed under the trembliin'.of thli 'lids. "What is the term y6~ i?oid apply to s?ach a woman ?" he eo"tinlidd, noW -sa6iihrg ~nd with an t imperioius iitb.in ii i 6ie; I .1 gdess6~ei d', Wod thit Wasin his nifild and cried,: "Why, niti~ o odie'sd." " M1d I " he thunlered -folntif, slap- t ping his knee adud .reaking into a short, it secm-deliriduis laugh. He leaned forward as though hS t'i:uld tikeo Miss Laura into t his strictest confideirls atid putting his hand to thd side of his niou'thie whispered, "She is moad. We none of us knew it, x Laura. ,My first act then when we reacih hom will e t dconfine her. But not a a word, fiiid ! ". 1 held his finger to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again wit, ifa?s painful i with its smile of cunning and triumph: I saw that the girl was getting scared ; so without adoI dropped out of the bunk 1 on to my feet, 1 " An excellent scheme, Wilfrid," said I I, "in facttheonlythingtobedone. But s my dear.fellow, d'ye know the atmosphere i hceft i5 jue toasting. i'll take Miss Jen nings on deck for a ti th, aid when I am c cooled doiwh a bit I'll ldtk ih upon you I for another yarn for half-?ii-hiout before I tursninsg in;" 'AIL riht," he exclaimed. " Laura looks as if the wafis some fresh air. Senrd oin of the stowrird to mei will you, t is ybi passthough thoughthabii ? Biit friffd, both oa ?.or'-hash l Not i Word, ybio understand l" "Trust us," said i, id ¬ick fiiest t I took Miss Laura's hand and led hde rit is of the cabin. As I closed the door she c reeled and would have fallen but for the c arm I passed round her. I conducted t her to a couch and procured a glass of 1 wgte . .The atmosper re her was com partlvadl bl '61? with the evening air br'ezin' doiwi thd6il?h ti Whide rkylight, r and site qlcil iecoverd I .sing hqr lngers to .lios ay.a.es .nTaii her hehd. "'I should fall craZy myse t were I much with. him. .His sneers, i his smiles, his looks, the boyish air of his face,. too ! .The thought of his misery, his Tinjury, the irreparable wrong done him- poor Wilf, poor Wilf I '" Her tender heart gave way and she wept t piteously, t When she was somewhat composed she I fetched a lihat and accompanied use on 1 deck. 'the dusk down to the horizon tras clewi daid fifi?, richl sýatigled to where t the hard black iiiie of the cahini riled the a firmament. On high sailed many mditbts like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silverwake that i lingered long on the eye and resembled a ltength of ituaoheolotited steam slowly settling hivay Ibfoib thti hieath of a soft air. Thors iWtern miiy Shootiiig ditsfi, W ..? withoiut tli tboili-lie-i "" ac6 of the inteoric flights; sharp, Iiizlliig siartkes 1 that mnadb one think of theflashing of miuskets levelled at theeoeeafi by Visionary hands in thh hovering sta--ladeii glo6iii. i The wind was failing; the yacht was sailing with erect masts with a rhytbhiiic i swinging of the hollows 6f her canvas to I the light weather rolls of the vessel on a the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white 1 breast. The dew was .heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring fioth caine froiz the bows. All was hushed along thb decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle appa rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. "Alas," said I, "the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. "We were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Miss Laura, "dii our passage to Englahd. It seein>d it ear. Eiery body greb quarrelsom'e, and I believe there Was a siutiny imohgst the crew." . "Oh, I hate th dead caili at sea l" I cried. "Yet I feair ie are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jeininga, you will be hold a very storm of shooting stats. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shed meteors in any abundance a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. Butwho is that standing aft by the wheel there i" My question was heard and answered. "It's me--Capt'n Finn, sir." " We're in for a calm, I fear, Finn." "I fear so, air," he answered, slowly coming over to us. "Great pity, though. I was calculating upon the little breeze to day lasting to draw us out of this here belt. Them shooting starn, too, ain't wholesome. Some says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norrards, but not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. Monson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, air? Han't seen him on deck all day, I hope his honour's pretty well ?i" '! Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to the weather. rail, somewhat fonvrward, clear of the ears of the helmsman. "Captain," said I, "my cousin's very bad, and I desire to talk to you about him." "Sorry to hear it, sir," he answered, in a voice of concern; "the heat's atrying him, may be." . " He refuses to leave his cabin," said I, "and why, thIink you ? Beciuse he has got it.into his head that he hlis grownitoo biroadto pass tbroug 'the door, or even to sqceeze thrUh ghsthit hatch there." "Gor bless me' "' he exclaimed, ''iwhat a notion to take on. And vet it ain't the first time I've' heard of such weitsi 17 at was once shipmate with a man wid' F8 believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen t hi~l atrying to cut up tobacco with it. se There's no arguing with people when they d: :ges theintdmpere" in ".1t .don't- you thithn, Captain Finn," at sa Mis: J~einigs,. "that with some ti trouble 8ir Wilfrid, might be coemed into am coming on deck? If he could' be indeeed at to pass through hi door he woutld'find ft the hatch easy?' Then, when' on deck, si confidence would return to bia and his cl crazy notion leave him." tI " Won't he make the heffort, miss1'[ V inqied Pnn. c I answered "No, He says that it iT w6lt ear hi to pieces to be dlragged ti through;." a. ".Then, st~if eirleinted thr skhipper te with energy, "'if IW syr? it you mayou p depend upon'it ho believe.it, air, and rf m he believes it thfin I dorri't dotib that b physi'~ i fda''eb"y way of getting hini orta of his cabi., ~aIdl'? i ti mbst dangerous L thing that -could ")i -fi'ed:.- It's all the ci narves, dir. Them's an a?i?inigmbhit t i to bust a man open by acting uipoii' ~i imagination, Mr. Monson, sir, I'lItell'eW is what oncis happened to me. I had" a fever, and when I recovered, my narves pi was pretty nigh ell gone. -I'd cry one moment likd'a baby; tIhen laugh ready to split my sides cien tiithbit at all. I took on a notion that I mt l] wibleht hands u] on myself if tha opportunit offibrecT. It st wasn't that I wanted to hurt nutil but cc that I was afeered I would. I recdilect, an being in my little parlour one day. Ther? ar was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a. drawer in which my missus kep' sil the aible khnitse we ate -with. The thought of thern knives gave me a fright. tn I warded to leavetheroom, but to get to th the doof I should ht?e t'e past the drawer so wherd them' kriff"' ?ire a??l I couldn't stir. Your hoiiotoi, a^ts ta'r the' state of ti ;my ini'vds that the agony of being so driigged pais that door Would have been to as bad as -trenhiig' me in halves. So 1 to got out through the window, and it was a in fortnight afore I liad £' s ourage to look th into that parlour again." he "My father knew a rich gentle'rr' in ra Melbourne," said Miss Jennings, " who he lost hi? mind; Ho believed that he had tu been changll into a'cat, and all day long fr he would sit bcshldn littlicerevice in the sp wainscot of his dining- osto waiting for a i mouse to appear." sh "?ut when it comes to imao dtaiona to of this kind," said I, "one is never to as know what is going to follow. Captain di Finn, my cousin may mend-1 pray God at: he will do so and ason-" "Amen," th quoth Ffiin in his deepest note-" mean- p while," I contin'ied, "I am of opinion l that he should be wittuid? " h" " You think so, sir? " he0 i nexenimed. at "Why, man, consider where w' are. in Seiins ? xout ye into that mightydistanco," co I cried; itbftifsg to the black junction of th sciiitillarit glooni ditd tilJ spread of ocean to coming tL6'is thende' l ink. "Think of th our lonelinft? hlier and the condition su that a madman's a? i*,ight reduce us to. w: That is not all. Lady Moneon - this a young lady and her maid sleep cl'ose to his cabin. Whoe shall' conjecture the at resolution that may possess a diseased to brait on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must be a Swa e" Finis." ul "4 gl it: :fair D,") he answered af thoigtstiully'; " 'WGl--it s,', to have the" o?ding -of ii~ 7"Ta'i't fof the ilt, -of me, si??" hid tiaidf;, thei added, " He' master here 'ee knt, sit;". " I'll. iuake myself rspohslblSe" c claimed ; " the trouble is to' hav~ hisT watched with the delicacy that shall dd~f the detectiofi of 1i& nlost suspicious ti humouir should he put li~i tziid out of his nm berth or quit it--which he is nob I ely to of do ye. Of course an eye would I~ ' fe to be kept upon hinm from without. Name fe me two or tErco of your trustiest seamen." o1 "Why, sir, there's Cetbill, a firt-class o1 mai; and there's two others, Jonathan cc Furlong and Wlli~rcn Grindling, that you it mayputyour fullesf 6tfeertee in." t " Then," said I, "I ptbophcb that these at men should take a spell of keepiiit' 16ok c: out turn and turn about.. The stetitlf r would have been fit persons, but they are ti ~Wlttiih? in muasle. Let the man who keeps ft watch the cabin so post himself that he I Imay. cormnanld the passage where Sir fi Wilfid'd berth is. You or Crimp, accord- T irig ?s?o- t Watch comes round, will fi see that the felleo below whoever he c, may be, keeps awake. # attend to ea this, Fins. I atm satifidd that it is a ti necessiry measure." d "I shall have to tell ld Jab6'htTi ri truth, sir, and the men likewfse," said lie, 6 "and also acquaint the stewards with t] what's wrong, ,otherwise they'll be' for .o turning the sailor that's sent bejiot out of a! the cabin." fi "By all means," said I, "I'll stand t] your loohout; whilst you are making the i neceislify arfatngementi . Dut see that c you provide yutir mens with some - ready and quite reasonable eiilfa for being in e the cabin should Sir Wilfrid Cthmce to d come out during the night and fAid oie c of his seamen sitting at the table." t "Ay, ay, air; that's to be managed f with a little thinking," answered Finn, t and forthwith he marched towards the t forecastle into the darkness there. r " It is fortunatei"' I said to Miss 'Jen- c nings, "that t am Wilfrid'a cousin. If II wer sitnply a guest on board I question t till hleo aid there yoti'd catch sight ot the gleam of a star in some short fold oft black swell running with a biirnishid brow. The ddw to the fluttering of the f canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pat- t tering sound of raindrops. " Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, "for a pair of paddle-wheels I " We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but I gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of- the dinner table spite of the - sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very heart sickened to the slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly'and sulkily melting out into black ungldaming oilI 'We seated ourselves under the fanning -spread of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of his wife, of.features of lhe voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly sliding into a sentimental mood. - My companion's a sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to the starlight, came -very near. into courting me into a confession of l]ove. The helmsman was hidden from us, we seemed to be floating alone upon the mighty shadow that strefched around. -A sense of inoxpressibl6 rembteness was inspired by the trembling of the lumi naries': and the sharp .shooting. of the silver meteors ia. though all the lifo of -this-vist hushed universe of gloom were up there, and we had come to a pause upon theo.very verge.of creat n, with no other vitalityin the misty cnfines save what the beating of our' tw~eart put into them. SOn a sudden she started ,and said, "See i there is my sister." The figure of Lidly Mossn? rose. 1 p -e slid veiled; out of the companion hatclr, She did' not observe um, and approached tlFea Bil?' of the deck where we were seated, courted" haply by the deeper dye the snso?s of the naninssil put into the atmospfitsr about it. I was struck by the majesty cf her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage as she advanced, taking the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look to glide wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank with no cleara suggestion of alarm in her manner thlit I took her hand and held it. Lady MIonson drew close--so close without seeingrus that I believed she was walking in her sleep, but she caught sight of us then and isstantly flung with an expres sible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side of the deck, which shie paced, going aftor'ards to the rail and overhanging ift, motionless as the quarter boat that hung a little past her. "She frightens me I " whispered Lsrs2 "oght I to join her? Oh, crUl, 'et?irY that ash should hate me so bitterly? fr't hei ow*--acts I " "Why should yo join her ? She does sott Want yout. The heat has driven her oil -d.&ctt;, and she, wishes to muse and perhaps ? oiraiise over th?colorrel's grave. Why are you afrrid' of her ? " "Because I ant a coward." Just then Finn cac? along. He went up to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger a"ainst the starlight when he dis covered his mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. " ig ?- took the breath out of my body, sir," lIiC -clainted in a hoarse whisper ; " actually thcatlr"i it was your honour, so tall she be. \ rd,, I've arranged every thing, sir, and a 1oc?out '11 be established soon arter the cabin liglftmtemrned down." Laura suddenly rose anl wished usme good-night. I could see that Iucly Mon son's presence rendered her too uneasy to renmain on deck, so I did not press her to stay, though I remember heartily wish ing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Li:d -.Robis. She continued to hold her stelresa posture at the bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. B?t for her, coutemp tuct?t and insolent nmamer of turning From sui I believe I should hare found 1 spirit enough to attempt a conversation with her. It was s t until four bells that slih rose suddenly frim her inclined atti tude as though startled by the clear choing chimies. Past her the sky was ireoly reddenifig to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and ?g-sinst the delicate, almost dreamr-like flush, I perceived her amss up her veil and press her hands to her isce. She then veiled herself afresh, camne fi the companion and disappeared. Was it resmorse work ing in her, or grief for her foundered cotone , or some anguish born of the theeght of her child ? Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the black,s vaporous-looking surface that our keel was scarce now wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of a heart as dark as' hers ! Half-an-hour later I quitted the deck, cad as I passed through the-cabin nodded to C?Uibill, who sat awkwardly and with a highly embarrassed air with his back upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins-a h1 r salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muasao"? ? ?'e -, - CHAPTE XVII. A DEAD CALM. I As up an about a great deal during tilc nsight. It was n1ot only that the heat nuriltorl slep' ; there was something so ominlohs ii the' profound stillness which fell upon our little ship that the mnind f nt7 itself -eigcied detriv as with a sense of nih,~iAri m, a dll, ineoninunicablo dread of approaciSkle" calamity. Of the dead calm at sea I if't. by no means ignorant; in African and Wesut ii.dinn waters Ihad tasted of the delights of "flis species of stagnation over and over a?nin - One calm, I remember, came very cilo~ to raising Co!kridso's description, or rather tle descnitfion intt the poet borrowred from the narrative of old Sir .Richard Hawkins pi'etiosved in the foxed and faded pages of flal Ke'. Samuel Purchnas. The water looked to0 i0 ftIll of wriggling fiery creatures burning Mois multitude of colours till the surface of the sea re sembled a vast, ghastly prisml 'efiecting thle lights of some. hellish principality, deep sunk in the dark brine. But I never rcollect the ocean until this night as with sout some faint heave of swell; yet, after the iveah diiught of air had utterly died olt,; somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom ss stirless as the sur faice of a summer labi) . There was not tridfiglitest movement tosiuiaken an echo in her iharias, fo run a tremor through her canvas, to ntldgE the rudder into the dim mest clanking of ifs tiller chains. The effect of such a hush ~a this at sea is m describable. On shore, deep in the country, far distant from all hum of life, trio stillness of night is a desired and fdifiiEar condition of darkness ; it soothes to res: ; shatever vexes it is a violence; the saweepitg of a gale through hissing and rearing trees, fdi thunider of wind in the chimney, the lashing of the windows with hail and rain, the red bolt t4 lightning to whose hue the bedroom glances in blood to the eye of its disturbed occupant; all this brings with it:an element of fear, of something unusual, out of keeping, out of p?ature ar?.~t But at sea it is the other wa' ab'dhiet-.TI~Is the dead calp that is uhhfatrt?l. It i as though the mighty forces of iieraelt and ocean hadpor tentously sucked Its their breald in anticls nation of the shock of coiodit, as a warrior h his lungs to the full, amnd then holds his windwhilst he waits the cry of olarge. I tried to sleep, but could not, and hearing one o'clock struck on the fore castle, dropped out of my bunk for ten nminutes of fresh air on deck. Cutbill sat with his back against the table; the small flame of the lamp that hung with out the least vibration from the cabin ceiling gleamed in the sweat-drops that coated his faco as though oil had bhICe thrown upon him. I said softly, pausin?g a moment to address him: "A wonder fully still night, Cutbill." " Never remember tihe like of it, sir," he answered in a whisper that had a niote of strangling in it, with his effort to sub due his natural tempestuous utterance. "Allquiet aftl" ''As a graveyard, air." S"In ease Sir W'ilfrid Monson should look out and see you, what excuse for being here has Captain Finn provided you with i" '"I'm. supposed to, be watching the bayrometer, sir. If Sir Wilfrid steps out I'm to seem to be peering hard at that there mrqeury, then to go on deck as if I'd got something to report." "Oh, that'll do, I dare say," 1 ea claimed. " He may wonder; but that must not signify. Heavei grant, Cutbill, that sam unnecessarily nervous; but we're a middling full ship ; it is the right sort of night, too, to make one feel the. ehugeness of the ocean and the helpless ness of sailors when deprived of their little machinery for fighting it; and what I say is a misgiving under such circum stances ought to serve us as a conviction -so keep a bright lookout, Cutbill. Nothing is going to happeni I dare say ; but our business is te contrive that nothing shall happen." The huge fellow lifted his enormous hand very respectfully to his glistering forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her reflection lay upon the sea like a league long. fallen column of silver, with the ocean going black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent shaft. Not a wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of light : not the most fairy- like undulation of water put an instant's warping, for the space ofa foot,into it. I set the main mast head by a star and watched it, and the trembling, greenish, lovely point of radiance hung poised as steadfastly on a line with the truck as though st were some little crystal lamp fixed to an iron spike up there. I spied Jacob Crimp near .the wheel, but I had come up to breathe and not to talk. I desired to coax a sleepy humour into npleand guessed that that end would be defeated by a chat with the surly little sailor,.wits Whom I .rarely exchana ed a few sentences without finding myself drifting into anargumnent. So I lay over the ral striving to cool my hot face with the breath off the surface of the black prfound that.Iay-like a sheet of dark, ungteaming nirror beneath. On a sudden I heard a great sigh out in the gloom. It was as though some slumbering giant had fetched a long, deep, tremulous breath in a dream. I started, for it had sounded close, and I.looked along the obscure deck forward as if, forsooth, there was any sailor on board whose respiration could rise to such a note as that! In a moment I spied a block of blackness slowly.melt ing out like a dye of ink upon the indigo of the water with the faint flash of moon light off the wet;round of it. A grampus I 'thought I; and stared about me for otllers, but no more showed, and the pro .digioar midnight -hush seemed to float down again from the stars likeasensible weight with one wide ripple fromn where the great fish had sunk, creeping like a line of oil to the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow. \- This grave-like repose lasted the night through, and when early in the morning, awakened by the light of the newly risen sun, I mounted to the deck, I found the ocean stretched flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening do'n and merged into the ocean line so that you couldn't see where the horizon was, save just under the sun where the head of the misty white sparkle in the water defined the junction. It baffled and bothered the sight to look into the distance, po vaporous and heavy it all was, with a dull blue gleam here and there upon the water striking into the faintness like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you might catch the glimmer of the cahn past the mixture of hazy light and hues where sea and sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay," he answered, "I've heard of nothen to the contrairy. Her ledship came on deck during the middle watch and had a bit of a yarn with me." "Indeed " said I. "Yes, she scared me into a reg'ar clam. I was standing at the rail thinking I see a darkness outunder the moon as if a breath of wind were coming along, and a woice just behind me says: 'What'syour name?' Nigh hand tamed mny hair white to see her, so quiet she came and her eyes like corposants." "What did she talk about?" said I in a careless way. "Asked what the sailor was a-sitting in the cabin for. 'To prevent murder being done,'saysI. 'Murderl' saysshe. 'Yes,' says 1, 'and to prewent this wessel from being set on fire and blown to yellow blazes,' says I, 'for God knows,' says I, 'what weight of gunpowder ain't stowed away forrards.' 'Who's agoing to do all this;' says she ; so I jist told her that Sir Wilfrid had been took worse, and that the order had come forward that the cabin was to be watched." " What did she say to that?" I ex claimed.. S.Why, walke a'to 'tother side' of the deck and sot down and- remained an hour, 'till I reckoned that when she went below she must ha' been pretty nigh streaming with dew. " What do you think of the weather, Mr. Crimp ?" " It's agin nature," he answered. " Like lying off IBlackwall for smoothness 'Taint going to last, though. Nothing that's agin nature ever do whether its weather, or a dawg with two tails, or a cat with height legs." "I wish you were a magician," said I, " I'd tassel your handkerchief-for a strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, and the first of a long succession, I fear." At breakfast 1 told Miss Laura of Lady Monson's visit on deck in the middle watch, and the mate's blunt statement to her. " It was a mighty dose of truth to administer," said I. "She will pass some bhad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old Jacob talking to her of murder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever that may mean, with her husband sleeping right abreast of her cabin and armed, as she must know." "Has he these pistols ?" shd asked. "Yes," I answered, "I gave the case to one of the stewards to return to 1im, and now I am sorry I did so." "Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. "I do not envy her in her loneliness. Why should she refuse to see me ?l I eeasily under stamd her objection to showing herself on deck by daylight; but I am her sister; I could sit with her; I could be company for hlier, win her perhaps," she said with a niStful loo, " to somcethlin, like a gentle mood." She sighed deeply and continued: "Wit£rid scared•meestenlrday. There was that in his faIe which shocked nie, but I could not explain what it was. Yet I anm not the least bit afraid he will commilt any deed of violence. Let him be twenty times madder than he now is, his heart is so tender, his spirit so boy like, pure, honourable, there is so much of suveetnesa and affection in his nature that I am certain his cruellest delirium \- would be tempered by his qualities." I was grateful to her for thus speaking of my poor cousin, but I could not agrec Swith her. The qualities she pinned her faith to had suffered him at all eventato .. -- slooD Coloncl-Hope-Kennedy aid to'ifiake naothi?'of the man's death. Yet, thought I; looking. at her, seeing how this sweet little creature values, and to a large extent understands him, what devil's influence \- was' upon the loring, large- hearted, child like man when he chose the other one for his wife ? But, fond of him and sorry for hims as 1 wias, I could not'have wished it otherwiseo-for my sake at all eventa; though on her Jart it would 2have made her her ladyship" " and ound her a hus band whose brain I don't doubt mighn t year by year lure grown 'srager in the cheerful and fructifying light of her cordial, sympathetic, .nrllant character. I looked in 'upon hiim ater .breakfast. MIiss Laura wished to accompany .ne, but I advised hlerto delay her visit until I had ascertained for myself how hle did. He waas lying in his bunk, a large pipe in his mouth, atwhichl he pulled so heirtily that his cabin was dim with tobacco smoke. 'His cieok-wass'upportedzby his elbow and liis eys 'fixed upon his watch, a superb gold timekeeper that dangled at tihe ex tremuty of a heavy chain hitched to a little -hosok cMrowed'into-the deck over-hishead.. O' the back of this watch were his initials sect in brilliants, and these gems made tie "blden circle show like a little bodyof i ght as it lhumng motionless before his intent gaze. lie did not turn his head whoen'I.opened the door, ticn looked at maio hin sa absetll-millded way wheu I was .aride entered, "Ah I" he exclaimed languidly, "it is you, Charles. You promised to sit with me awhile last night. "I did, but the heat below was un endura'ble. It is no better now. The temperature of this cabin must be pro digious. What calculations are you making?" said I. "None," he answered. "I have slunl the watch to observe if there is any move ment in the yacht. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. We are afloat, of course ?" he said, suddenly looking at me. "I hope so," said I. "Afloat? Why what do you suppose, Will ? That we've gone to the bottom?" "It -would be all one for me," he answered with a deep sigh, and then applying himself to his pipe again with a sort of avidity that made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. He clouded .the air with tobacco smoke and said : "I am heartily weary of life'1 "And why?" cried I : " because we are in a dead calm with the equator close aboard. The very deep is rotting? A calm of this kind penetrates through the spores of the skin, enters the soul and creates a thirsty yearning for extinction. Being younger than you, Will, I give my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like you, be weary of lifoand desire to die." "It is easily managed," said he. "Yes," cried I, startled, "no doilut. But the .weather may change, you know," and not at all relishing his remark nor the looks that accompanied it I seized my hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of the tobacco smoke through the open porthole. "I am of opinion," said he, .puffing and dropping his words alternately with the clouds he expelled whilst he kept his eyes fixed upon his watch, " that, spite of the arguments of the divines, life ss a free gift to us to .be disposed of as we may decide. Nature is invariably com pensative. We are brought into this world without our kndwledge anid there fore, of course, without our consent, d'yo see, Charles," and here lie rolled his eyes upon me, " and by way of balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with existence : keep it or part with it." "I say, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equi noctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. Don't speculate, my dear fellow leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the puzzling distance un fold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, whowhistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon towards which they are advancing. Tell me now-about this cabin door of yours. MIy dear fellow, it must be big enough this morn ing to enable you to pass through ; so come along on dock, will you, Wilfrid ?" "Danm it, how blind you are!" he exclaimed. " No, I'm not," said I. "JD'yo mean to say that you can't see what's happened to me since we last met? " " What now, W'ilfrid ? " "What now?" lie shouted. "'Why, man, I can't stand upright." " Why not ?" I asked. " Becauaoe 'm too tall for this cabin," he answered in a voice .of passion and grief. "Pray when did you find that out?" said I. "On rising to dress myself this morn ing," he answered, "I was obliged to clothe myself in my bunk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed to me." Well, well! thought I; God mend him soon. Hot as it was, a chill ran through me to the crazy, wistful, despair ful look he directed at me, aind I was oppressed for a moment with the same sickness of heart that had visited me during my interview with him on the preceding day. "I had resolved to sell the Bride," said he mournfully, putting his pipe into a shelf at the back .othim and foldin his hands, which seemed to me 'to havo grown thin and white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so now." I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," he added. "Nonsense !" I exclaimed. " But I say ?lee !" he suddenly roared; " how the devil else am I to get out of her ! " "Oh, I see!" I answered soothingy, "I forgot that. But, Wilf, since you're too big to use this cabin for the present only, for I am certain you will dwindleto your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant constantly with you, some one at hand sitting here to wait upon you ?" "Why, yes," said het " no doubt of it. I am almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." "No, no," said I. "Nor would the stewards make the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to be waited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter how roughl their manners, agile, strong as horses with lively limbs, used to springing about. One or two such men are to be met forward amongst your crew." "A good idea," he cried. "Gadl after my experiences of Muffin I'd rthler be waited upon by the tarriest of tarry tarpaulins than one of your sleek, soft stelpping, trained rogues who come and ask you for a situation with an excellent character in one pocket froti their late master, and in the other the contents of his dressing-case. Ha, ha, ha!" and here he delivered one of his chort roars of laughter. (To be continued.) 