? MARY QHKEN 01- SCOTS used to bathe in wine. That was when she couldn't drink any more, wc suppose. A NEW item in the (1oa.il of rulea of the Victorian Alliar.cs.—The newly-amved l'emperance lecturer from ''Londing.' THE secretary of a Queensland grammar beliool advertises in the Argus for " two assistun masters, who must be athletic." He didn't like to say "pugilists,'' we suppose. A WMTRU in a contemporary fays:—" The institution ot marriage was originated coeval with Adam and live." Yes, aud poor Adim was only the " Co." in the concern. AN attentive student of the colonial and home newspaper press says that tlie more radical the piper the mora memorable it considers the slightest items about the aristocracy. JoKEi'H CumoUTT was charged with wife desertion at the Hroken Hill Police Court last week. There seems to be a mistake in the spelliug of his name. Shouldn't it be Joseph Clearout ? A BECttNT article ou judicial eccentricities in a Sydney journal was, it has been discovered, written by a member of the Supreme Ciurt Bench, The writer " guyed " himself among the rest. " ScusciunBR No. 3 " writes to the Hcxuhi asking what are " the proper steps to be taken to obtain a divorce." Garden steps are as good as any other sort if they are wie'ded with sutli^ient vigour. LOVELY woman is spreading hci 1 .-.elf slowly but surely. A lady has lately started in Clones as an insurance and commission agent and general accountant. She succeeds her father in the business. ADVERTISES!ENT in the Age lately :— \\\T G. GASS.-liiuctij-call ou Goo. Lyon, cordial • waller, Windsor. We suppose Mr. Gats is the gentleman who aerated the soda-water. FKO.M a daily paper : -" A building society is to bo formed in Ucaalla, which will be a greit bjou." Umph! This is what all building societies arc supposed to be when they start. Atcecwards they frequently become great boons. Aud then!—then they burst, A HUMAN skull and feet with boots on the hones were found on Whitelaw's track in Ciippslaud lately. They are believe! to be all that is left of a young nun who weut into the district two years ago canvassing for subscribers to a Jiairusdale piper. WE read that "a large aerolite of irregular shape fell in Dr. Geo. Crippls's yard at San Autonia, Texas. The ball was white with a bluish tinne and streaked with veias of vermilion, green and black." Bah! We've seen things go like that in our own bedroom. THE heaviest gun in the world has just been manufactured at tbe Krupp works for the Russian Government. It weighs I.'IG touB, is 40 feet loin;, and has a range of eleven miles. I[ this progression in ordinance goes on much longer, a possible enemy in Ivirope will be able to bomb at us without leaving home. Fancy a gun able to shoot round the earth ! Tbe Irishman's crooked gun that "shot round corners " was a commonpl ice weapon compared to the gun of the future. It seems to be on y a question of time aud money and a liLde scientific trouble for a monster of this kind to be produced, THE Stamford says:—"Letter carrie.B agitating for increased pay. J hey make out- a good case. They say that they uiv tbe worse treated class in the Public Service." This is a mistake. Er.ry class iu the Public Service is the worst treated class —according to its own account. \YK understand that the Premier Permanent cases are likely to be adjourned ou Tuesday, la:h July,the day that PUNCH'S SOCIALITIES is published. It would hardly be wortli while trying to do any business, so the court will give the wearied lawyers and clients a holiday for recuperative purposes. "P.J.I)." wiites to an evening piper wanting to know " when tie close season (it any) for doves ends.' Tnere are some people wto would waut t i know if there was a close season for angels, and if so when »! ended, if these celestial visitants app3ared on earth again. KKO.M a country exchange: "The Holy Ghost aud Victoria Colleges met on Wednesday last for the second time this ECCSOU AS in the lirbt contest, the Holy Ghosts ran over their opponents, kicking 4 goals 0 bchinds to 3 behinds." This is very funny, but isn't it a little flijipant ? POLYGAMY is said to flourish iu Turkey, and yet tbe list statistics 1 f Constantinople give the population as oOSbll males and 3ti4,7~>l females, or lie 11 ly two males to one female, if these statistics be le'iible Turkey is not, after all, such a heaven as Australian p-diticiuns have b.cn led to think it, An undertaker's advertisement in a Broken Hill paper concludcs thus :—" Koto. —The iimeral cork*/: will pass the Pig and Whistle Hotel, Bromide-street, at 10.15." Dots this mean that promiscuous mourners will he picked up there or that the procession will stop there for refreshments V "NOTHING mounts up like a washing bill," says a writer iu the Barrier Miner. ' Pne fewer the shirts one wears the {more.one's extravagance in linen appears to Lo iu tie washing bill." We gather from this that journalism iu l'rokcn llill is looking up. Pressmen there have taken to wearing shirts. A SviiSEY journalist got into trouble lately aud was asked why he did not request his brother pressmen to let him down softly in their repnts. His reply was that as reporters are now worked iu J-ydney by sweating proprietors be would sooner take from them a coat or bjot than a bit of "copy." A LADY emerged from the now C'entemial Park iu Sydney lately, and iuforniel a piliceman that the had been grostly insulted. She detciihed the situation of ttic intuit and the appearance of the cu'prit. When the constable looked the matter up he found that what shocked the lady was one ot' l'arkes' newly-erected marble atlileUs. WE hear that arrangemeits have been mad; for the annual foothill match bit ween the Articled Clerks' Law Society and the Medical fetiidtuts to tike place shortly. It is said that the Medicil Students hope to have better luck this year in obtaining "subjects." It is an artful way of making opportunities for the study of anatomy. A YOUNG man 21 years of age, but described as " looking about 13," was sent to the K.ew Asylum by the Sandhurst llencb last week - apparently because of his illusory looks. If this is to bscome a legal reason for ccndiug people to the Asylum, a number of giddy old gentlemen about town who c mtinuc to maintai 1—when not inspected too closely—a gh&Btly; appearance of youth will be m'stiug from their f ivourite lnunts one of thes3 dayB. Tim pcop'.c who tried to defraud the relations r,f Melbourne footballers while recen'.ly in Sydney, by forging letters and telegrams for money, stand uood chances of receiving a terrible punishment. The injured footballers might force tbe forgers to play a little friendly game. That would be worte than gaol, and the cat, ani solitary all thrown into one. A COKKFSPONDKNT in the M'erlip Times says tbe Victorian farmer is " nothing if not independent." Of course. JJe never clanours for Protection. He never asks for a lax to be put upou products from other colonies. Open competition, and plenty of il, is wiiat if wants. Oh, yes. Need we say tliat these remarks are intended for irony ? (It might be as well.—Ko. P.) A wniTEH iu a contemporary says that tlic honeymoon is " notbinu else than a bard, very hard, struggle between two independent natures, and is, in fact, the hardest, because the rockiest part of marital lile." Hem ! The writer seems to have spen" his honeymoon in a quarry, As a general thing we fancy crocherie.it would be a mure correct aijective than rockiest iu this conueclion. "WHERE you make inouey spend it, 'senteutiously remarks a writer iu a Uallarat paper. All very well—but suppose you " make ' it in, nay, a bank! you will probably find iu that case that you will have lo go to Europe to sp'.nd it and cause a lot of expeuse to be incuried in bringing you back. And then what (un is there to be got out of oakumpicking by one who 'las not been brought up to it, so to speak ? A TUT. They had a quarrel, aud she sent His letters back next day ; His ri' g and all his presents went To him without delay. " Pray send my kisses bick to me !" He wrote. " Could you forget them '<" She anBH ercd speedily that he MuBt come himself and get them. A VACUANT woman at the City Court the other day triumphantly displayed her black and dirty hands as conclusive proof that she was an industrious person. If auy of the Melbourne professional men of lax persoual—let us Bay Dr. Johnsonian — habits are ever charged with vagraucy, thc-y call EC' up au unanswerable defence by producing the state of their tingcr-naile as evidence ou their owner's behalf Wow AX is dot.: indued to have her rights BO far as male costume goes, at any rate. A young girl entered a Russian monastery ot a place with lbe drunken name of Koshiozeisk and beeunc a monk. Things went 011 all tight for eome time, but she betrayed her sex by tome accident, and the Ahbo I, finding there was more of Maria than of Monk about her, told her to witndraw. That giil will Its au auctioneer yet. TitElanguil dudery ot the British a istocracyis to be allowed to become more languid. It will not be nece.-sary in the future for the exotic masher to twirl his moustache—supposing he has one—for an Knglish swell lias invented a moustache trainer. '•It is an elastic, curved strip of tbin metal, at either end of which is secured an adjustable plate, faced 00 tbe inner side with toft cloth, in order that the machine may comfortably clasp the euda of the niousta :he. 7 he latter is carefu'ly arranged ac night, or during periods of seclusion, and the trainer fixed upon it." We hope to see this introduced into Melbourne. Kelieved of the exertions of picking his teeth and boot-jacking the refractory capillary follicles ou his zenith lip, tbe dude will got into such a tired condition that he •will be easy to exterminate. 