THE GHOST OF THE BLUE CHAMBER. Uncle John told us a story. Undo John said: Perhaps we "were not aware of it, hut there was a haunted room' in that very house. He Baid that for years nobody had been able to sleep in the "blue chamber (they called the room next to the nursery the "blue chamber," nearly the whole of the toilet set beings of that shade) on Christmas Eve, owing to its being regularly visited during that particular night by the spirit of a man who had- lolled a Christ mas wait with a lump of coal. But this was only one of the crimes that the man had com mitted. A peripatetic solo cornet player had wandered into the town one day, had played a selection of popular airs (with variations) just outside this mau's gate, had been seen after wards going into the house, but bad never been seen coming out of it. A German hand had visited the place one summer, intending*, so they announced, to stay for a month. Oh the second day from their arrival, tho whole company, as fine and healthy a body of men as one could wish to see, were in vited to dinner by this man, and, after spending the whole of the next 24 hours in bed, haa left tho town a broken and dyspeptic crew; the parish doctor, who had attended them, giving it as his opinion that it was doubtful if they would ever be fit to play a tune again. I forget the rest of his villainies. I remember Uncle John's hinting, however, that they had not been altogether unconnected with the lonely grave of an unknown stranger,'. an Italian peasant lad, a performer upon the barrel organ. I rose up and said that 1 would sleep in the "blue chamber." "Ho not thwart me in my resolve," I continued. "I am young, and have had a clear conscience now for over a month. The spirits will not harm me." I may even do them some little good, and induce them to be quiet and go away. Besides,; I should like to sec tho show." .They tried-to1 dissuade me from what they termed my fool hardy enterprise, but I remained firm, and claimed my privilege. I was "the guest." "The guest" always sleeps in the haunted chamber on Christmas Eve; it is his per quisite. They said that if I put it on that footing they had, of course, no answer; and j they lighted a candle for me, and accompanied me upstairs in a body. I did not go to weep— I did not feel sleepy at all—I lay on my back, looking up at the ceiling and thinking of things.. I wish I could remember some Gf the ideas that came to me as I lay there, because they were so amusing. I laughed at them myself till the bed shook. I had been like this for half an hour or so, and had forgotten all about the ghost, when, on casually casting my eyes round the, room, I noticed for the first time a singularly contented-looking phantom sitting in the oasy. chair by the fire, smoking tho ghost of a long clay pipe. I fancied for the moment, as mo9fc people would under similar circumstances, that. I must he dreaming. I sat up, and rubbed my eyes. No ! It was a ghost, clear enough. I could see the back of the chair through his body. He looked over towards me, took the shadowy pipe from his lips,, and nodded. The most surprising part of the whole thing to me was that I did not feel in the least alarmed. If anything, I was rather pleased to sec him. It was company. I said, " Good evening. It's been a cold day!" He said ho had not noticed it himself, but dared say I waa right. Wo remained silent for a few seconds, and then, wishing to put it pleasantly, I said, "I believe I have the honour of addressing the ghost of the gentleman who had the accident with the wait V' Ho smiled, and said it was very good of mo to remember it. One wait waa not much to boast of, but still every little helped. I was somewhat staggered at his answer. I had expected a groan of remorse. The ghost appeared, on the contrary, to be rather conceited over tho busi ness. 1 thought that, as he had taken my reference to the wait so quietly, perhaps he would not be offended if I questioned him about tho organ-grinder. I felt carious about that poor boy. . "Is it true," I oskod, "that you had a hand in the death of that Italian peasant lad who came to the town with a barrel organ that played only two tunes 1 Annie Laurie, \ ana 'Home, sweet Homo' ?" lie quite fired up. "Had a hand in it!" he | exchiimed indignantly. "Who lias dared to ; pretend that he assisted me? I murdered the youth myself. Nobody helped me. Alone I did it. Show mo the man wno says I didn't," We grow quito chummy after that, and ho told mo ajl hU crimes. He said he had lived next ' door to a young lady who was learning to play the gtiitar, while " a gentleman who practiwd o» the bai, vjo} Uv(hJ oypwjte. ^>4 he, "with fiendish cunning, hod introduced these two unsuspecting young people to one another, and; had'*persuaded them to elopo with *feach other against- their; parents' wishes, and take thcir musical; instruments .with thom; and they hud done'so, and, before the honeymoon was over,- sho had broken his head with the basa viol, and he had tried to cram the- guitar * down her throat, and hud injured her for lifo. My friend said he used to lure muffin mon iuto the passage and then stuff theni with their own wares till they biuret and died. He said ho hud quietod 18 that way. Young men and women who recited long and dreary poems at evening parties, and callow youths who walked about the streets late at nighty playing concertinas, ho used to get together and poison in batches of 10, so as to 6ave ox penso; and park orators and temperance lecturers he used to shut up six in, a small room with a glass of water and a collection tx& apiece, and let them talk each other .to death; It did one good to listen to liim. I asked him when he expected the other ghosts—the ghosts of the wait, and the cornet pluyer, and the Ger man band that Uncle John hud mentioned. He smiled, and said they would never come, again, any of them. I said; . ""Why; isn't it true, then, that they meet you here every Christmas Eve for a row ?" He replied that it was true. Every Christmas Eve, for 25 years, had he and they fought in, that room; but they would never trouble. him nor anybody elso again. One by one had he laid them out, spoilt, and utterly useless for all haunting purposes. He had finished off the last German, band ghost that very evening, jhst before I came upstairs, and had thrown what was left of it out through the slit between the window sashes. He said it would never be worth calling a ghost again. "I suppose you \- irr - will still, come yourself as usual?" I said. " They would bo sorry to miss you, I know." "Oh, I don't know," ho replied; "there's nothing much.to.come..for;now.... Unless," he added kindly, "you are going to be here. I'll come if you will sleep here next Christmas Eve." "I have taken a liking to you," he continued; "you don't fly off screeching whea you see a party, and your hair doesn't 6tand on.:r end. 'You've no idea," he said, "how 'rick X / ani of seeing people's hair standing on end." n He said it : irritated him. Just then, a slight '.' noise reached ua from the yard belowj .j and he started and turned deathly black.': "You are ill," I cried, springing to-,1 wards him; "tell me tho best thing to do fc^* ^' you. Shall I drink some brandy, ana give you., the ghost of it?" He remained silent, listen-" ing intently for a moment, and then he gave a • sigh, of relief, and the shade came back to his / cheek. "It's all right," ho murmured;'/"!/^ was afraid it was the cock." "Ohj it's,too.Z early for that," I said. ""Why, it's only'the middle of the night." "Oh, that doesn't'/, make any difference to those chickens," he re-' ' plied bitterly. 4 4 They would just as soon crow..■ in the middle of the night as at any other time. '; —sooner if they thought it would spoil a chap's .(1 evening out.- i believe they do it on purpose,'*1 J "How do you manage when there isn't any cock handy ?" I inquired. Ho was/on/the!/': point of replying, when again he started and1 listened. This time I distinctly heard' Mr.!;1 Bowles's cock, next door, crow twice, .. . .*/' »/.l~ He was gone! Ho had left me without'/a* word—-without oven saying- good-bye! -Jee'omb K. Jeeohe,' in "Tinsleys Magazine. 1 