POOR MAN'S GINGER SNAPS. 'MIdioasseo in cup,, brter two tablespson fils ;"ginger; -one tablespoonful ; soda, one tibleopoonful; flour enough to roll out thin. Boilthe.. treacle and stir in, the bet:er, ginger and eodla rolled fine, and stir in tho flour whlile hot; roll thin, cut and bake.' DROPPED BISCUIT. E'en housewivcas the most thrifty unawares At times are taken, when the varied cares Of life upon their souls as heavy Eit As did the ghosts on Richard's. Then most For all who care their troubled state to cheer, And change to jocund smiles the starting tear. A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally there is not a crumb. Prepared to cat. T-hen it is well to know A recipe like this I give below. Take one pint flour, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet, Mixed well within the flour. And then you tale A teaspoonful besides of lard. And make Y\our dough, with milk ,dmainistered, to be Of mumh (.·mu i h), the same consistency, Then drop (small quantti.ies) into the pan, And have your ov.n just the heat (you can) To smake tile bisieit cri-p. Try it, pray do ! And you sill say, I know, '" Our thanks to you." DRIED APPLE DUMPLINGS. One pint of dried apples, cut, one.half pint of sweet milk, two teanspoonfuls of batk ing powder and one tablespoonful of butter or latd. Use flour sulficient to make into small bilcuits, and drop into boiling water and hoil quitcly till the apples are done. Cut the apples into mFtall bits with eciesoro, and soak iii wanim water before makirng. Et: w:th reranm sauce Il.lvorel with nutmeg. CHICKEN PIE. S'ngle and pathoil a pair of chickens, cut thcm up and cook till quite tender. Uncover when nearly done and let the watar boil away till reduced one-half. Line a large, deep pan with biscuit dough omade very ahort and rolled about an inch thick, and put in the chicken cut into finer pieces, with butter, salt, pepper, a dredging of flour, and their own gravy. Cover and bake till the uppur cruot is brown. Serve with matshed potato. IRISH STEW. Cut two pounds of the neck of mutton into small pieces, put it into a kettle with one onion sliced and a bunch of pot herbs nicely dressed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add two tablespoonfuls of lice, simmer ten minutes, add two potatoes cut into dice, and while they are cooking ton minutce lonrer, makelyourdumolinge. Put a pint of flour into a bowl, add a teaspoonful of salt and a heaping teaspoonful of bakling powder, moisten this with abcut n gi!l of milk; the dough must be soft. Form it lightly into balls, dry them on top of the stew, cover the kettle, boil ten minutes, season and serve. LIGHT DOUGH DUMPLINGS. lMake very light' biead-dough'into small balls the size eof eggs ..Have ready a pot of water, boiling fast: l)ropi in the dumplings, take eares.to haxo the:water more than cover them. Cover the pot.and, boil for. twenty minutes steadily, withou.lifting the cover. If it tdlopbbil?in?'for aijhbment, the dnnin. linIs'iill be heavy ;' Serve hot with butter: nad sugar for deetert, 