ÄN IRISH STORY. .;.BT O. 31. , Beautifully situated ki s pleasant valley of ! ' the White Knight's coantry, «4 the foot of the' Gaiter Mountains, waa the cabin of Laxly Dodd and bis wife. They rentid a cabin and a few acres of laad, which they , cultivated with great cate. They vrere in dependent) and respectad by their neighbors ; they loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance ot comfort about thom. ' Larry was a hard working, and ocoaaion ally hard drinking, Dutch-built littlo man, with a fiddle head and a round body, a steady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carriod too much wbUky ; then, it must be oenfessed, he could not walk the chalked lino with perfect acouraoy. He had a moist, raddy countenance, sattler inclined to an expression of gravity. Take it alto gether, he.waa,£!Onerally looked"upon aa a proper per SOD, notwithstanding the faot that be had every day in the year, a eort of un holy dew upon bis face, even in tba coldest weather, whiob gave rise to a eupposi'tloa that Larry was apt to indulge in atcong po tations. However, all mea of talents have their faults-indeed, who is without them ? and Larry, setting aside bia weakness, was a most diatingniehsd maa. H« was a man of mixed habits, in his mode of life, bis drink, and his oostume. His dress ooaorded with, his character-a sort of half-and-half between farmer and boree jockey. Hs wore a blue cost of coarse cloth, with ehort skirts and a standing dollar ; his waitooat was red,'and his lower habiliments were mada of leather, which, in eouxse ol tims, had shrunk so much that they fitted like a seooad skis, and long use bad absorbed their moisture to auch a degree that they made a oraokling coi«o as be moved along.. A hat oovcred with , oil skin, a whip, all worn and jagged at tba end, a pair of Bèaond-hànd, or, to speak more cor rectly, second-footed, greasy top-boots, that seamed never to have soon a blaokiug-lirush, and one spar vt i th a rowel, cotnploted the everyday; dress of Larry Doddv ThuB equipped was Larry returning from Oashel, mounted on a rough-coated and ono ey od nag, though, notwithstanding these and af ow other trifling blemishes, a wall-built animal ; having just purebascd the said nag, with a fancy that ho could .make his own money o^ara, and maybe turn an odd penny more by it at tho coming Kilderry fair. Larry, well pleased with himself, trotted along tho road, in tho lingering twilight of a lovely Juno evening, thinking of nothing st all, only whiatting and wondering would horses always bc so low. " Jf tboy go at this rate," said ha to him self," for half Mottling, and that paid in butter-buyora'notes, wiro would bs the fool to walk?" J This very thought indeed was passing through hia mind, when bia attention wai aroused by a woman pacing quickly by the aide of his horse, .and hurrying OB a« il endeavoring to reaeh her destination befen night blosed in. Hot* figure, considering thc lougatridoa abo took, appeared to be under the common siae-rather of the. dump] , order ; bat whether the damsel waa young, old fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Lwry oouli form no notion, owing to tho faot of hal wearing a large cloak, tba hood ot which wat turnad .up sud ' completely con coaled ever] feature. V ; . Enveloped in thia mass of dark and eon oealiug drapery,.without much exertion thi strange woman contrived to keep ap wit! Larry Dodd'a siced for some time, when hil maBter very civilly offorad ber a lift bshini him aa lor aa he waa going her way. " Oivllit; begets oivility," they say, however,here oaived no answer, and thinking that_thi lady's oilenoo proceeded, only from bashful ness, like a man ot true gallantry, not a vron mora said Larry, untll.be pulled up by th aido of ? gap, and then asid he : ' ' ' ". My little ? girl just jump up behind mi without a.word moro, thouüh never a on have you spoke, and I'll taka you (tala pm aband through tba lonesome bit of road tba is before us." : Sho jumped at the offor, oura on o ugh, am up wi.th-hor on the back of tbs horse, QB ligh as a feather. In an instarri sba was seatet behind Larry; with ber hand and arm buckle around his «ölet,holding on. " I. hope- yau're: aorafortabU . there my dear?" said Larry, iä his good-bumow way.. ( ? . . ,. But theta was no. answer, and on tho went-trot, trot, trot, along tho road-au all waa BO still that yon might have beard tb sound of tho hoofs a milo/ off ; there wa nething else to hear except tb« moaning c a distant stream that' kept up A domingo 'crooning, Uko a nurse hushing a babe. : : Larry, who had a keen ear, did not, hov .ever, rtquira BO profound a silence to detsc tho clioi- of ono of tho shoes. ." 'Tis only loose the shoo is," said be to h oompauion, aa tboy vforo just entering on tb lonely blt of road. . , ' ' Some old trna, with bran chea faotoane with ivy, grew over a 'dark pool ot wa- te whioh had been formed as a drinking placa fe oattlo. ' Hero tho horse 'mada a dead hal and Lariy, not knowing what visiouo triol his new purchase might havo, sud ITÜVMUÍÜ that, through any odd chanw,: tba yaun woman'should get " spilt " in the water, di mounted, chinking to lead the animal pa tho pool. " By' the piper's luck, that always foun What he wanted," Baid Larry; reoolleo ina himself, " I've a nail in my pooket ;'t not the first timo I've put on a «hoe, an moyho it won't ba the last, for boro ia r want of paving stoaea to waka hammers j plenty.".'1 " ;.' " No acortar waa Larry off than off with -swing osmo the.womau, just athis side. H feet touched tho: ground without making tl ;laast <uoise, a'nd - away -.abe bounded,: lil an ill-mannered oroaturo as sba wa»rwitho: Baying " By your leave," or no matter vm else..,--. Sba seemed to glide ratbe-r' than ia nat .along tha road, but . aciasa a . fiel up .toward, tho. old ivy-oovercd walls < rKiiuaslattery Church-and ,a pretty bkun 'it was." "..*,,' , ' . '?:'....,.'. .. , "Not ao fast, " if ¡-yon 'please,', yo'm woman, iibt oo faet," cried Larry, calli! Bftír'her.'-;"??''"'"'.'' :'"' "?'!'."'?'.'..'' But'awayshe rdri ondLirry fal'oWcd,I leathern garments ' already deoorib crack,- amok, oraokling ' at every step '. . tOOl¡V: j'-'.l .j-'i(.''=V. i ! " Where's my. wagon ?.'.''eaid Lirry, .," Gi mc , a.kiaa,., my...gill; . eure, I've carried Iliac from your pretty lips, and I'll have too I" . .?:?'" ?<???.t." ' * But'she went on faster and'faster, regar loBB of these and. other Haltering (.peech from her.pursuer. At last sho.carno to t churchyard wall', and then over with her ia i I instant. , " Well, well I abo's a mighty smart ere turo, anyhow,! To. bo sure how neat a ' steps. Did anyone ever »eo thu like of th .belqrc?" But I'll not be baulked by ai ' woman that over wore a head, or any dite 'either I"exclaimed Larry, CB, with adispers bound; .: ho., vaultod, . scrambled a tumbled . over.. tho-wall into tba okoro yard. . . Up ho got from, thc,elastic and af a nan made gravo, in. whleh, Yádo. Leary th morning .was buried-rest hia abul 1-and wont Larry, stumbling over headstones a footatohci',: over "old ' groves and now grav pieces of 'collins, (ind the ulm!ls dud boc -of dead men-the lord nave us 1-that wt featured about tbera- aa plenty aa pavi atonea,: floundering amid great overgrow doak leaven and, bram tko that., with til loi)g> nriakly arms became tanided arou his limbs and held him baok with a fear: groip.' . ; ¡ ..", ; Meantime tho morry woman in tho ale moved through ull . theio 'obstruationn evenly and nu gally BB if tho cburobya "crowdea up ault wits with graves and gra' stones, had b«su tha io or pf a dancing room. Bound and round tie walls ol the old ohnroh she went. *' I'll jast wait," Baid Larry. Eeeing this and thinking it all nothing but a trick to frighten him. "'When sbo comes round again, il 1 den't take tfce kiss I wen't that's all ; and hero eas is I" Lawy Dsdd sprang forward with 'open arms and clasped in them-a woman, it is true, but a woman without any lips to kies, t>y reason of her having no head I "Miarder 1" oried he. "Well, that aa oounts for har not speaking 1" Having uttered these words, Larry him self became duob with fear and astonish ment ; his blood seemed tur nerti to ice, and a dizziness came over kim. Staggering lito a drunken man, hs rolled a¡?a¡si¡t the broken window of the ruin, horrified as the con viottoB that ho hud held a ghost in hie em brace. When ho reinrja.ed.to something like a feel ing of consjioijsnes3 ho slowly opened his eyes, and ,thea' inôKÎ^ceBo-of VÎGÛÛtr .. bur« up'o'n him. In the midst: of the ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented witb heads. Ibis was plainly visible in thc strange light which spread itself Ground. It was fearful to behold, but Larry could not ohoOES but look, for ha wao powerleso through wonder and fear. Ho would hf.vo shouted for help, but his toitgue eleaved to tho root of his mouth, and not one word could hs cay. His oyea almost started from their sookets, bis breast rested on the thickness of thc wall, over whiob, on one sida, his bead and out stretched nock projected, and on the other, although one toe touohed the ground, it de rived no support from thence -, terror, ne it were, kept him balanced. Siringo noires assailed bra ears, until at lust they tingled painfully to tho sharp clatter of little belle, whiob kopi np a oonUnual ding-ding-dícg. Marrs wlass bonis rattled and clankad, and tho deep and selemn sound of ; a great bell carno booming on tho night wind. - It was strange music io danoo by ; never theless1, moving to it, raund and round tho wheel let with skulls, were well-drsescdladiee and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests and publicans, and joekoys and Jennies, but all without their head«. Larry did not know what to think. Ilia brains were all in a milt, and losing tbs balança whiob ha bad solong maintained, be fell hoad foremost into the midst of tho com pany of ghosts. '.' i'm done for and lost forever'" roared Larry, with hi« heels turaed' towards the stars ; and sonco 1 âoff-fl ho came. ., " Weloome, Larry Dodd, weloome I", oricd every bead, bobbing up and down in the air. " A drink tor larry Dodd 1" shouted they aa with one volee, that quavered Uko a ahakcon the bagpipes. Ko sooner said tim« done. One of the number presented a brimming oap to Larry, who, to «bow bia manners, dunk it off like a man, 'Tis capital stuff,"-ha would have said, but he got no further than " oap " when de capitated was he, and hi« bead began dunoing over his shoulder. Larry, however, was not the first man who lost his bead tbsough the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming eup. Nothing moro did he re junta ber clearly, for it seanis body and bead I being parted is not very favorable to thought. When bia senses returned his first set was to put his hand to where his head formerly grew, and to his great joy thora he,found it ! still. He then, shook it gently, but his head remained firm -, enough, and, somewhat re I assured by this he proceeded to : open" bia' eyes and look around him. It was broad daylight, and. in tho old oburofcyavd at Kifiaaslattery; he found himself, with his hean 11 upon the lap of oar lb." ; Could it bave toon an ugly dream? . "Ob,no," sold Larry. "A dream ûoirid I never have brought ba hera, stretohod on the flat of ray baok, with the death's hoad: and oro.ss-bonoa tormén lk>g tee on ibo fine old tombstone of Pat Kearney ot KiUroft-but , wilora ii tho hons ?" ? ; - Hs arose : elowly, every joint - aehiug from tho bruises he had rcooivod, and ' went ta the pool ot water, bat no horao was thora. . " 'Tts bonis I must go," aaid Larry wish a rueful oeuutenaüoe. ; ".But how will I face Notley ? What uhaV. Itali ber about tho botts, and tho two pounds be catt me ? 'Tia them ghosts tbot have mado their own of bim bom rae, tho horse-stealing robbers of the world, that bayo ho fear for tho gallows 1 But what'd gone f* gone, that's a olear cane." S3o Baying he turned, hie steps homoward, and arrived ct hü oabla about noon without eoeountsr-ing any further adventures. There bo found.NorHoy who, os ho oxpeeUd, looked os black asfs tkunder-ciouii at bim for being out nil night. Sha.listonad tc hil marvellous relation which ho RBVA frith i-xolamotiona of Dat<3nl3hir.ent. When be had ooncludsd, Wira ozprcsaioae of' grief at She lose of tbs horso ho had paid tor like uti honest mun, sha said : .'"".- i " Bot what took you up' to the old ohuroh at »ll, ont ot the road at that time ot night, , Larry ?" Ltstry loáked Uko a criminal fer whom thero waa no rspsisva. Ha scratched his head for an cioturc, but net ono eeuld ho mpotor up, uo he knew not what to eoy, " O Larry, Lirry," muttered Nauey, ofter waiting for Borne time for bio answer, "it's talking with a "g<rl you were-an' you a morriad man 1 Confesa the truth 1" L»rry shuddered ot tho tempest which he perceived wos now about to croak upon his devoted besa. ' . ? :.''.;:? " Nancy," oftid ho, " I do oonfees. It was a woman without any head-" Hie wife.heard no more.' ."- A woman-1; know it j was 1" cried alis, i " But o woman'withoat ukfnd.Larry I Well, it is:' long; befóie ¡ Nanisy . Galloghor'. over. ¡ thought it would' oób«oito '; thia ^with 'her l; That shb.ohouM bo l'-ifL dcaolala iaushhlune boro by lier basto of a hiirband for a woman without >.a ..'bean ! V O/fathsr, father, and mother, ruother, it ls well you oro low to-âûy, that you don't , seo. this t'ittiotion und die graos to your daughter that yon rared decent oud-tendcr 1 OVij Larryyou villain 1" You'll be tho death of your lawful wife, talking with snob vilo oraythers I" . " Well," Baili Larry, putting bis handB in hia oput pookets, " least »aid is soonest mended. Of tho . young woman I know nothing;, but thin I do known, that a woman without a head moy well bo sailed a gqod woman, becauaa abo has no tongue I.' How thin remark «perated on thc matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It ia, however, reported that Nancy hatftbo last word. MY first word to nil mon and boys who careta bear mo'ia', Djn't get. into debt, starve anil go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I ddn_'t mind, if it'o really needful, stealing I Rut'dan't buy things you can't poy for !-Buskin. ' WiiEN tha Bong'u fiorio on* of yoitr life, yon can't utart another '.yilila it'a n rinding in your oars ; it'd best le bavo n bit of alienee, and oat o' that may bo a psalm'U aotno by and by.-lîdwaid Ciirrctt. " Tucraaolstrom altraata moro notico than the quiet fountain , a o-jmot draws moro atteution than tba steady star, but ii is bettor to ba maelstrom, ^ and otur thou enmet, following out the ophoro and orbit ot' quiet nsefuloEos wi .whloh God placee tia. John Hal). ; Ai-FcoTAMMffl in any part of oar oarriago is lighting up u ennrilo to our defects, and never fails lo inako- un toko .n-jtiou ot it, either os wanting eeniso er sincerity. Mesr people would auceced in small tbinga it they were nut troubled with great ambi tiöse.-Longfellow. 