"elite (Stag-'SLdkr* w COOEE! A CHRISTMAS TALIS. CHAPTER I. LASSIE'S FIND. h t j ib Sur-h a lovely September day—a fresh breeze, a blue sliy with one or two fleecy white cl-juds sailing across it, and that sweet spring feeling in the air that makes us Ions to be out of doors —perhaps it is the breath of the spring flowers calling to mortals to come to tlieui, and again from their pure fresh brightness rest and treating from life's cares, and hope and strength to go on working. One heart at least had responded to the summons, not that its owner had any work to speak of, or any cares at all. A fair young girl as bright and.fresh as the day itself—she seemed a very embodimentof spring as she strolled along the hillside, stopping now and then to pick a Bower or watch the magpies circling overhead. Her couijilcxion had that wild rose hue so seldom in this dry climate, her eyes were grey, soft, and kind, yet with a gleam of mischief in them, as if some roguish thought were hiding there, her hair, though it might have been called golden, had none of cold's hard cold glitter, it was such sunny hair, soft, and bright, and waving, and though tucked away under a garden nat it revelled and peeped out in wee soft curls on neck and brow. Shewasenjoymgtliedayproperly.strollingin this direction or in tlyit, or standing still, as fancy prompted, now rooking upwards towards the hilltop, now down into the valley below her, all misty white with the early fruit blossom. She had come out to gather buttercups, for even such an aimless seeming walk as this should haveanobject, aud a basket already half full of those cherry blossoms hung on her arm. Her companion—a handsome collie with expressive eyes and a highly emotional nature —did not take things so quietly, though before everything a cattle dog she had taken up rabbiting as an amusement, and pursued it witli the reckless energy of an amateur, and though she seldom caught anythifig, she was excited about each hunt as if the preceding ones had been successful, and derived much enjoyment from her sport, though she did little harm to bunny. Now and then she would stay by her mistress for a few minutes, poking about in the fern with her nose for invisible if not imaginary lizards, but soon she would dash wildly off after a rabbit or a hare, which often escaped by squatting in the fern till she dashed past and then cantering complacently off in another direction, leaving their baffled and excited enemy to mourn their loss and the mutability of canine holies. Mar}'Grant, for that was the nameofourspring maiden, was carefully disentangling some long sprays of delicate clematis when the dog came rushing back breathless with excitement, and tried by divers canine wiles to attract her attention. "Down, Lassie, down!" said her mistress at first; but Lassie, not to be denied, kept touching her with her sharp tan muzzle, and even laid an imploring paw upon her arm. "Why, Lassie, vvhat is it?" said Mary Or:int at last. Lassie looked up into her mistress's face with brown beseeching eyes that all but spoke. " Poor old dog ! Did the rabbit pop into its hole, then, just when you thought you had got it? Well, it's very sad; but it's the way of the world, my dear." Lassie solemnly wagged the last three inches of her tail, and continued her imploring gaze. "What! More serious? Is it a possum in a log, then; and must I help you to get it out? Very well." Lassie, seeing that her mistress was about to follow her, dashed off for a few yards and waited there. Seeing that her mistress really was coming, she started up the valley. On and on Lassie led her mistress, the way growing steeper and rougher at every step, till at last Mary decided not to go any further, and was just on the point of turning when she beard a faint call. She paused to listen, and it came again, a faint, low " Cooee." Following the dog which had rushed back for her, she hurried on till rounding a bend in the creek, she saw that Lassie had at last come to a halt and was watching something in the bracken. The gully was very narrow just here, the hills rising almost precipitiously on either side of the creek, an old road skirted the hill on one side, but it had been long disused, and each winter bits of it crumbled and slipped away with the rain. There had been a new fall lately. Mary noticed as she came up signs of struggling too, and the fern all torn and trampled. Ah ! there was the cause of it all; a handsome black horse lying dead in the creek. It was not this, however, that Lassie was watching, but something in the fern close by; something, ah yes, a man, the luckless rider of the horse. A pale set face with dark eyes, stern with pain, that was what Mary saw. Yet even as she hurried forward "she noticed the tender grass of the fern round him, the sweet bird notes and the whispering ripple of the creek, all so mockingly peaceful with the inconsequent perception of details one has at sujh times. On, you are hurt!" she cried, " what can I do for you?" "Water, please," he said in a faint voice, "water." What could she bring it in; she could find nothing that would serve her purpose, and at last tried making a cup with her hands. They were not very large to begin with, and the water ran away very fast, but she managed to convey a few drops to his parched lips, and wetting ber handkerchief she bathed his forehead till lie seemed a little revived. " Are you much hurt ?" she ventured to ask, at last. " Leg broken, I think," he said. "How did you come here?" " Trying a short cut in the dusk, road gave way, and down we came. Prince is done for, poor fellow," with a regretful glanoe at the dead horse, "and I rather.thought I was too for a while." "In the dusk!" repeated Mary; "have you been here all night?" "Yes." "How dreadful! oh, how dreadful! How could you bear it ?" "Had to," he answered, grimly. "It was'nt exactly jolly, lying here in the cold starlight, hearing tliat poor brute moan his life away; but," looking up into the sweet eyes that were looking down at him all dim with pity, "but it'snotso bad as you think—not now. A fellow gets used to anything, you kuow, and lots of fellows have had worse things to bear—it's not unbearable," he said, trying to force a smile to the white, drawn lips that sorely belied his words. Mary was kneeling beside himnow, gently raising his head from the hard ground, she placed beneath it a soft wrap she had been carrying. "There," die said, "I can do no more good here; I will run for help; it shall not be long in coming," and she was soon lost to eight down the valley. It was not long, though it seemed so to the sufferer, before the promised help arrived, and the journey down the valley, which, in spite of every possible care was intensely painful, began. He could recall little about it save a succession of agonizing jolts lost at last in merciful oblivion and an awakening in a dainty room, with a sweet motherly face bending over him that reminded him of that other face he had seen so lately, and which had seemed to him so like an angel's. " Well," said the cheerful little doctor when at last the leg was set, "now that you are comfortable"—his patient gave a dissentient groan—"now that you are quite comfortable," repeated the little man, not to be contradicted, "is there anything I can do for you ? Any message or telegram to your friends, for instance ?" "No," said the patient, "unless you drop a line to my landlady and tell her I shan't be back for a while." "Allright; give me the address, and- er?" he said when it was given— " Oh, my name ? Hugh Beresford." "Hugh Beresford," repeated Mrs. Grant, when the doctor had gone. "Hugh Beresford ! I should know that name, and your face, too, is strangely familiar. Have you any relations in this colony ?" "No," said Hugh; "and no very near ones anywhere. I am singularly alone in the world." "And yet," persisted Mrs. Grant, "I know your face. It reminds me what was your mother's maiden name "Leigh," he answered, wondering at her earnestness. "Leigh! Kate Leigh ?" she asked again. "Yes.'' he said, "my mother's name was Leigh." "Ah, she was my dearest friend; we were at school together, and were almost like sisters to each other. I was a bridesmaid at her wedding, but when she went to New South Wales and I got married we seemed to drift apart. We kept up a correspondence for some years, but troubles came, and I feared my doleful letters would not suit her bright life, so it dropped." "So you are Kate's son,'' she went on after a pause, "the bonny boy she wrote so proudly , of. Did she never speak to you of me?" j "I do not remember, I was such a little j chap when she died you see, not six. I re- I member her though, her face and her voice. I fancied I heard it last night as I lay out there under the stars. I must have been half . delirious, I suppose." " My poor boy!—my poor boy!" said Mrs. Grant, stroking back the dark hair; "but, there, I am forgetting all the doctor's orders and talking you into a fever." t And from that time forward Mrs. Grant nursed him as tenderly as half a dozen mothers rolled into one. Meanwhile Dr. Brown on his way down the garden came upon Maty unsuccessfully trjing to seem busy with her flowers. " Is it over?" she asked timidly. s i t t "Oh. yes ; but it was a nasty break, though hat nerve that fellow has I" " Would it hurt so very much ?" " Hurt 5—of course it hurt. The pain must ave been acute, but he scarcely winced. He's he pluckiest Halloa !" He broke off ust in time to save Mary from subsiding nto a rosebush and placing her on a neighouring seat. " Now, what did you do that for?" he asked everely when a moment later she opened hex -yi'j. "J i<c: your pardon," she said contritely. " I iiu\«.-v tinted in my life before j but I cannot bear tu think of any one suffering, and all he way home I kept thinking how long tha ime must seem to one in pain. " You ran, I suppose?" ''Every step of the way—I did indeed!" "I thought as much! Now, young woman, you are over-tired, and over-excited, and ypu will just go in and lie down, and read tracts. He led her into the cool pretty drawingroom, and in spite of her protestations that she was quite well, and that there was nothing at all the matter with her, he saw her oosily ensconced on the sofa, and then went prowling about the room for a book. " Mr. Oliphant," he muttered to himself,— < l too much feeling, Christie Murray—too interesting, Mrs. Alexander, yes—Her Dearest Foa •—h'm-ah—too appropriate—fellow breaks his leg, is brought in on a shutter, and marries ti» heroine, won't do. Ah 1" Pouncing upon a paper-oovered volume with a startling picture on the back—the only startling thing about the book as it happened. "Ah, the very thing ; seen a review of it, said to be even slower than the general run. There—" to Mary, "read that, my dear, no skipping, mind ; read straight on. Now I must be going, I can't stay a minute longer. Good bye!" And he was gone. The book was dull enough in all conscience, but somehow it did not exercise the soporifia influence the little doctor had expected, for though Mary honestly tried to read she oould not fix her attention upon it, nor feel any very deep interest in the adventures of this hero. A fair young man who was perpetually getting into a great state of mind about nothing in particular, and whose eyes "of heaven's own hue" were always gleaming, flashing, blazing, melting, or beaming with intense emotion except where his finely chiselled features expressed calm disdain, so insensibly she fell to tbinkingof the dark eyes, and strong brave face she had seen so lately, and weaving fancies about them, and if she made their owner out rather a hero, was it to be wondered at? CHAPTER II. WHAT CAME OP IT. A happy time has no history they say, so this chapter must be very short. Not that a badly broken leg is always a source _ of unmixed bliss, or that Hugh considered his so all first, or that he did not despite the tenderesti nursing find it aweary time till be was allowed to leave his room ; but when at last he was allowed to hobble on crutches into the drawingroom, the aspect of things changed considerably, for Mrs. Grant looked after him like the tendercst of mothers, and Mary talked and read and sang to him and spoilt him generally, as is woman's way with hurt mankind, and the consequence was—what need to write it? Th& imagination of the simplest reader would fill up the gap if this _ chapter ended _ here. Given a wounded knight and a ministrant maiden, what could they do but fall' in love with each other ? This Hugh and Mary proceeded to do in the simplest and most wholehearted manner. As this process has been described before there is no need to say much about it. They felt remarkably happy without any adequate reason, Mary's clear eyes had a new, deeper, softer expression, and there was a look in Hugh's that made Mrs. Grant half glad, half sorry,-for it told her that she must make up her mind to lose Alary-some time soon. One afternoon Dr. Brown came in and found Hueh comfortably established in his cornet. " Ah!" he said, complacently polishing hia pink bald head. "Ah, now, this is better, much better, but you are not out of the wood yet, you know. We must be careful, very careful," he continued. " You will not be aboub for some time yet, convalescence is a tediousbusiness—a very tedious business. I should not wonder now if you found it the most tedious part of the whole affair, but you must be patient; no hurry, mind, no hurry." Hugh had his own opinion as to the tediousness of a long convalescence under the existin; circumstances, but it was not for him to contradict his doctor, so he promised patiencewith the most praiseworthy gravity and submission, and, to do him justice, from .that time forward he got well as slowly as he possibly could. The little doctor now turned to Mary and began chatting about her flowers, aud books, and work, drawing her on to talk by quaint suggestions and unexpected questions in a half brusque wholly kindly way, and beaming ab her for her bright replies with his kindly bluegrey eyes through spectacles that seemed to be worn merely to be beamed through. His face seemed to have been specially constructed to express kindliness and cheerfulness, and all who met him felt its influence. " Why, the very look of him does one a power of good, his poorer patients said, and to every home he entered he brought comfort, or hope, or healing. "What a pleasant room this is," he said ab. last when he was leaving. "A remarkably pleasant room; there is a sense of restfulness about it that does one good in these hurryskurry times. But, bless my soul! I shall miss mytrain. Good-bye!" Hugh and Mary quite agreed as to the pleasantness of the room; in fact, they felt as if there were some vague sweet heavenly influence there, as indeed there was—the atmosphere of love. One afternoon Mrs. Grant coming in suddenly found that she had interrupted a most interesting conversation; but she expressed no surprise when Mary,' withglowing cheeks and sparkling eyes, ran away like a 6tartled bird, or when that audacious young man on the sofa boldly addressed her as "Mother." She listened patiently while ho poured out his happiness, and told her a host of golden plans for the future. Laying her hand upon his head she looked long and earnestly into his face. " God bless you, my boy !" she said at last in a voice that tned in vain to be steady— " God bless you both !" Then, holding herself very upright, and trying to look as if nothing was the matter, she went away to her own room, and there, kneeling by the bed, she cried as if her heart would break. It was so hard to realize that Mary, who had shared her every thought for all these years—Mary, who since she was a tiny child had been her life's one object, and all its brightness toowould be her own no longer. " I cannot spare her," she thought—"I cannot spareher; but he will shelter her and take care of" ber as I could never do," she want on thinking of the true, strong face she had looked into solately. "What a fine fellow he is! He said he would not take her from me—that it should make no difference to me. No difference, th& foolish boy, as if the harm—if harm it.is—had not been done already! She is not' my ain thing' any longer—dear, ah, so dear ! But she never can be all my own again—never quite the same." " How selfish I am!" she cried at last—"oh, how wicked and sdfish !—moaning and fretting so just because happiness has oome to my darling, ready to spoil the brightest time in her life. Red eyes; I thought so," going to her mirror—"just the thing to damp the young thing's happiness." Then she tried— this very selfish mother—to bathe away all signs of tears and make herself look bright and cheerful. A light tap at the door, and Mary stole In. too fluttered and shy and happy to notioe anything unusual. She came sure of the entire sympathy which had never failed her all her life, and which did not fail her now, and nestled her head in her mother's heart unconscious of the ache there; and the ache grew a. little less as they clung together whispering a- tender, loving word now and then. " Hem !" said Dr. Brown severely when he had heard all about itit "A-hem! So—that was your object in breaking your leg in that very unnecessary and aggravated manner, was it ? I always thought you had some ulterior motive." "Oh, come now, I didn't do it on purpose, A you know," Hugh said. " Do you mean to say you wouldn't have done it on purpose if you had known what the. result would be?" "Of course I would." "I thought as much," said the little man,. nodding, "I thought as much." He said a few kind words to Maty, but, for - the first time, cut his visit short. He oould not - stop, he said. He had not a moment to spBpXe, not a moment; but he paused by Hugh's ooipoh • and gazed at him first through his epootaojEes, then over them. "Well, my boy," he said, "you have woo* . treasure. I tell you what, she's far too good for you. Above rubies, you know," he vent • on, " yes, far above rubies. Take care of he* - —be good to her; if you don't " What would happen in this not very likely - contingency he did not wait to say, but went . off, abruptly turning at the door to give Hugh another steady look over his spectacles. For once the oourse of true love promised to • run smooth. Hugh was moderately well off, end Mary had a little money of her own, and altogether things promised to be prosperously humdrum and uninteresting. CHAPTER nr. A I»*TEB AND ITS ANSWER. A few weelf. later Hugh,quite strong again . at last, was walking downNorth-terraoe with a . moody, dejected expression on his handsome face. Since his return to town be had run up once a we»k at least to see Mary, and there is no need to say how he looked forward to these - visits, or how, when they were over, be dwslb ^ on every tone of Mary's voice, and on o»ery changing expression of her sweet brijrlit face ; but this time he dreaded going, for he had bad news to tell, and though by no means d«;ii'ient in moral courage, found it hard to break it to the girl he loved. He was ruined; fairly told, it came to that. He had sold out his share in his father's old run before leaving New South Wales, and determined to look about him a little before he settled down for life. On returning to town after his last trip he had heard rumours concerning the stability of a certain Bank in which the bulk of his money was invested, and next day they were confirmed ; still each day he pat off writing, hoping against hope that things might look brighter, till a week had gone by. and they only grew worse. He could not bring himself to write it, so it must be told, yet every minute teemed to make his hard task the harder. He went slowly down the station steps, and paused at the foot irresolute; there were ten minutes yet before his train started, no need to take his ticket vet, so he took a turn along the platform. A Port traiu was on the point of starting, and half a dozen small newsboys in half a dozen different tones of voice were working off their papers on the strength of *' Last news of the Bank failure !" Business men bought them, read them, and talked over them in the smoking- carriages; ladies, burdened with the care of many parcels, huriied jxist him, a small child vainly trying to keep up with his too energetic mother who, laden with a baby, a basket, and several bumpy parcels, had hurried on before, got himself entangled with the umbrella he was carrying, and came a tremendous cropper on the tilee. Hugh was just helping him u p when his mother returning gave the child a vigorous •lap for' hurting itself, and dragged it off lamenting; two guards, a tenor who spnke rapidly, and a bass with a slow and solemn intonation, began a sort of fugue on the words, " Seats please; take your seats for the Port!" and Hugh watched and listened, feeling as if it were all a play and he only a looker on. Just the same scene he had watched so often lately while waiting for his train—the same faces passing to and fro, all so unchanged and yet so very different, for then his mind was full of bright hopes and plans, and now— now, he said to himself, he had few hopes and no plans at all. But yet—the brightest hope of all remained to him—Mary, surely she would not change; if she were true to him, if she would wait for him, lie must, he •would succeed. The train had gone, and the tenor aud bass •duet had begun again with slightly altered words. "Forward on your left" was now the burden of the song, together with a long string of names, among which was Hugh's destination; if he meant to catch the train he must get his ticket at once, and yet he lingered, seemingly absorbed in looking at the long array of yellowbacks on the bookstand. He e-juld not bear to think that he who loved her so dearly should be the first to bring a shadow into Mary's bright young life ; still it had to be done, and he was just turning towards the ticket office when he met Dr. Brown. The little man had a troubled look, and was walking quickly with his eyes on the ground ; he looked up as he passed Hugh, but his face only grew sterner, and he hurried on without a sign of recognition. Before Hugh could recover from his astonishment the whistle bad sounded, the duet concluded abruptly, and the train was steaming out of the station. After all, he said to himself, it would be better to write; but as he went towards his lodgings despondent thoughts came thicker and thicker, and when he got there he found a letter stating that some mining shares, on which hehad hoped to realize^ were for the present unsaleable, so that he was thoroughly low-spirited before he began to write. Now, people who are in low spirits should never write letters, or, if they cannot help it, should at least not post them, for there is no knowing what harm they may da Letter after letter Hugh wrote, only to be torn up, and then he took up Mary's last note, a sweet, shy, loving little letter, dated a week before. She must be waiting for an answer and wondering why he did not write, he thought, a whole long week. Why," it was on that very day that the news about the Bank was m the papers. She must know of it; had it anything to do with her silence? He put the thought away from him as something beneath contempt, ana vet and jet ? What did it mean? Had it anything to do with Dr. Brown's strange conduct 1 He wrote and wrote, yet always tore the letters up, till at last towards midnight, wearied in brain and heart, he gave up trying to write to Mary, and scribbled a •short, bud, not particularly lucid note to her mother. Dear Mrs. Grant,"it ran, " I think it right to infoim you that the failure of the Bank will makea-considerable difference in my plans. My regard for your daughter will always be •the same, but under the circumstances I -cannot think of holding her to her promise. You will, 1 am sure, understand my reasons ifor writing this'. "Yours sincerely, "HUGH BERESFOKD." Nest day as soon as he had. posted it h e repented ; exactly what he had written he could not recollect, but he had a strong impression that it was absurdly stiff and formal. What would they think of it, he wondered. Hehad half a mind to run up and explain ; but no, he would wait till he beard the result of that letter. The day dragged slowly by; he had 'nothing on earth to do, and could not decide on his plans for the future till he had seen Mary. He tried to employ his mind by reading the papers, but they failed to interest him, •for even in the answers to correspondents ho oould not reasonably expect to find irn answer to the question that rangthrough his brain like the refrain of a song, " Wliat will she think of what will she say?" and as nothing else seemed of the least importance he gave up the attempt in despair. He got through the day somehow, altern ately hopeful and despondent. If Mary were true to him—and how could he doiibt her—what a happy, hopeful affair life would be after alL A little waiting, a little week, the harder the better _ since _ it was for her, and then a life in which even cares being fully shared would only serve to draw them closer together. It was a very pretty dream while it lasted ; then came a revulsion. What a selfish brute he was to think of dragging Mary, sweet, sunny Mary, who knew about as much of care as a bird or a flower, down into that dismal slough of despond —genteel poverty—with its thousand humdrum worries and small irritating cares. No, no; they must wait till he had secured a good position. He was conscious of good abilities, and had, moreover, that chief ingredient of genius, an unlimited capacity for hard work, and nothing _ seemed impossible with such an incentive. "But," a dark thought came, "suppose she would not wait for him; suppose she took the freedom he had offered her and broke off their engagement. What would life be like then In his inmost heart he did not doubt her, but yet he dwelt on the idea and tried to realize a future without her. Six months ago life had seemed full enough of interest, but then he had not seen Mary. Now not a thought, or dream, or plan, but her sweet presenoe pervaded it, and m, in fact, its very soul and object. So his thought moved in a circle, sometimes bright and sometimes very, very dark. Next morning the first delivery brought him nothing. He had not expected it, he per* suaded himself. Of course not, he could not possibly hear till the afternoon; so to pass away the time till then he sauntered into town. Why, what on earth were eo many people about for ? The shops were decorated, too, and crowds of children clustered round each window. " By George!"' be said, "it's Christmas Eve, and I'm hanged if I hadn't forgotten all about it. And so that's what Mis. Dixon was hinting at when she wanted to know if I should be at home' to-morrow. Of course; landladies always expect a fellow to go out on Chriscmas Day. Got their own friends coming I suppose. Poor old soul, I might have reassured her, for of course I'm due at FerndelL" The subtle, cheety influenoe of Christmastide insensibly raised his spirits, and his heart was full of nope and happy plans, but Rundlestreet on Christmas Eve la not the place for day dreams, and when he had had his hat knocked over his eyes by a bunch of gorgeous bliie-and-red balloene, and got himself tangled up in a long string of children trotting hand-inhand, he brought his thoughts back to earth •gain, and watched the people round him. It was a very carnival of mothers and children, the streets were crowded with them. Mothers, whose hardened hands and sunbrowned faces told of hearty, healthful work, who hurried along intent on their purchases, calling to Annie and Katie and Jimmie and Joe, or whatever might be the names of the struggling contingent of children who, absorbed in divers windows, were going astray in half a dozen different directions, to "Come along, now, do; and don't keep me waiting. Where's Joe, Annie? Why, if he isn't running after the balloon man! Fetch him back, now, quick." Others strolling along, taking their pleasure after the wholehearted fashion of country folks determined not to miss anything, but to enjoy their outing to the full. More wealthy mothers, with their daintily clad chicks, were searching the toy shops for their richest treasures, or, may be, shopping alone to provide surprises for the little one6 at home, yet each and all celebrating the glad festival of goodwill, and, knowingly or unknowingly, commemorating by their giving the great Gift of long ago, and, for once in the year at least, loving their neighbours as themselves. These thoughts and otliers like them were passing through Hugh's mind as he strolled along. "What a foolish way we have," he thought, "of measuring everything by money, as if it were the only source of happiness, as if it were not often the of sorrow—seldom the cure. As far as I CAN M O OU a dav like this th^ poor folk have the be-it of it. They have sunh a lot of treats and pleasures that rich folks cannot have. Look «t that little cfeap, now, with his tin trumpet. He's as happy as a king; and his mother, her daughter (m service 1 suppose) has given her a teapot. I do believe »ii-' almost cried over it. They will use it for tea to-night and to-morrow in honour of the day ; but after that it will stand on the chimneypiece, and only come down on the greatest occasions. Then there's that slight woman in black.aladyevidently, but poor, poorer I should think than many working folk. She has bought her little daughter a violin. The child is a musician to her tinger-tips; but still she is not quite sure she is right—it is so dreadfully extravagant. But, there, see how the child's fingers clasp her treasure, and how her cheeks flush and ner lips tremble. What if her mother has to wear that bonnet another year and do without new gloves and shoes ! What if she has to stint herself even in necessaries Why, it is worth it. Is not self-denial the very soul and essence of giving ! Now, this young man"—looking at a small boy with silky flaxen curls falling over his wide lace collar, who was languidly trying the paces of the very biggest rocking-horse—" why, he's beginning to find things slow already, poor little beggar! He has nothing to wish for." Now and then the pavement was obstructed by a small crowd watching and laughing at some mechanical toys. It does not take much to make a crowd at any time, and very little to make folks laugh at Christmas. Now a knot of schoolgirls passed, eagerly talking about their purchases, aud going over lists of those for whom they were intended—lusts that generally began with father and mother, and from which "present company" was studiously omitted ; or some sweet-faced lady, shopping by herself—evidently some one's amnt—"busy about to-night's Christmas-tree. At last Hugh stopped before a jeweller's shop; something in the window had caught his eye. The very thing for Mary, he decided—a quaint little bracelet in the form of a golden cord tied in a true-love knot, with a turquoise forget-me-not upon it. As he came out of the shop after buying it, Hugh looked at his watch. By Jove, how the time had flown. The afternoon delivery would be in by this time. He took a tram, being too impatient to walk, and as it ground its way along the dusty streets to the suburb where he lodged, he tried to imagine what letters would await him. All his fears had fled by this time ; they knew him too well to misunderstand him, he was sure. There would be a playfully indignant letter from Mary, asking what he meant, with a few tender reproaches for his pretending to believe she would desert him in his trouble; a kind letter from Mrs. Grant, sympathizing with him for his losses, and telling him to come up aud be scolded for his ridiculous letter. "Any letters?"' he asked, as Mrs. Dixon opened the door to him. " Yes, a letter and a parcel," she answered : " you'll find them on the dining-room mantelpiece." Not till he reached his room, a neat but rather unhomelike apartment, did he glance at his treasures. The letter was from Mrs. Grant, the parcel from Mary. " A present! I wonder what my darling has sent me?" Putting it aside on the principle of best last, he opened Mrs. Grant's letter; a small enclosure fell out as he did so, but he did not notice it. He was staring dumbly at the letter in his hands. It seemed to take him a long time to read it through, though it was by no means long— " Mrs. Grant, though somewhat surprised at Mr. Beresford's letter, can fully comprehend his reasons for wishing to cancel his engagement, and, with her daughter's full concurrence, begs to return the enclosed." "Femdell, 23rd December, 18—" What did it mean? What oould it mean ? Opening the enclosure, he found a little ring, the ring he had so lately placed on Mary's finger. Surely this was not all, surely she had not dismissed him without a farewell word. He tore open the parcel, only his own letters, of which even in this short time a goodly pile had accumulated. Merry letters, tender letters, letters in which he pretended to write of indifferent subjects, but always drifted back to that hackneyed theme—his love for her. In each and all he had poared out his heart to her as he never had done to any one in his life before. He set his teeth and read them over one by one. It was a painful process, but it strengthened him, searing away like a redhot iron every tender thought and feeling. As he sat there he thought of everything he had said to her, recalling every look and word of hers. At last he rose and gathered the letters together, he seemed inclined to destroy them at first, but on second thoughts he changed his mind. "Good thing to keep them just to show what a fool a fellow can be." he remarked, as he produced from his pocket-book a narrow bit of blue ribbon and tied them up into a neat bundle, then taking the little velvet case from his pocket he tossed both it and the letters into an old portmanteau. "Good Mrs. Dixon stared at him as he passed her on his way out, and quite forgot to drop another hint about the morrow, his face had altered so. "Handsomer than ever," she decided, "quite striking, I suppose, they'd say; but goodness me, if he's goin' to keep that look ou his face I hope he won't stay here, that's CHAPTER IV. A FAZB LADY UPON A WHITE HOKSE. One December afternoon a year later a traveller might have been seen (if there had been any one there to see) riaing across a stretch of that rather uninteresting country sometimes found in our "North Countrie." The ground was stony and rocky, rolling up into low hills here and there. These little hills looked larger than they really were, because the small shrubs growing on their sides looked like trees, and deceived the eye as to distance, they had, moreover, such a strong family likeness that it took a long acquaintance to distinguish one from another. As far as the eye could see, to right, to left, before, and behind, lay the same shaped hills, clad in the same vegetation. It seemed just the place for a stranger to lose his way in, but the travdler in question (a lady, by-the-way) seemed to have no fear on this point. Perhaps she was not a stranger, and so knew the way from long use; perhaps she trusted to her horse to find it; perhaps, and this seemed most likely, she had forgotten all about it, for she was absorbed in a letter, which she read and read again and again, allowing her steed to go as he pleased, which as it happened was very slowly. Poor brute, no one could blame him ; the only wonder was that he went at alL If he had ever seen better days it must have been so long ago that he had quite forgotten them, and as he sadly stui.ibled onwards as if he had not strength to stop he was indeed as sorry a mount as mind could well conceive, and to make things worse was white—would have been white, that is, if well fed and groomed, but had from long neglect assumed an indescribable shade which made his truly deplorable condition seem even worse than it was. Still his rider went on reading, though she must have known every word of that lettter by heart; now and then she pressed ber handkerchief hastily to her eyes as if even tears must not be allowed to dim them for a moment, and then read on as if hoping to find some new and better meaning in the trembling lines. At last her steed summoned np moral courage to stop, and began to browse pensively upon the saltbush. His rider, aroused by the cessation of the uneven wobbling beneath her, at last folded up her letter, slipped it into the bosom of her habit, and gathered up the reins. " Come, come, Rocket, this will never do. Get np S get up! or we shall never get home tonight?' In response to this summons the inappropriately-named steed shambled forward with more vigour than one would have given him credit for. "You poor old thing," she said, bending forward and patting him with a tenderness to which he was evidently unaccustomed. " You poor old thing, it's a shame- to ride you, but I had to get mother's letter. My mother, oh, my mother! Why cannot I go to her? 1 * Her heart was so full that unconsciously she appealed to the old horse for sympathy as if he had been a human being. As a matter of fact, he was far more sympathetic than the human beings among whom her lot was cast in her nondescript capacity of mother's help, which combines the duties of a nursery governess with those of a needlewoman and general servant. "How hateful it is to be poor 1" she went on. " I don't mind so much for myself. I would break stones for mother's sake; but to be away from her and yet to get so little for all I can do, and to know that she is ill and lonely " Hera her feelings got too much for her, and she gave poor old Itocket a cut with her whip that startled him into a spasmodic canter, like the motion of a bench with two short legs and two king ones set cornerwise. The canter before long dropped into a trot, the trot into a walk, ana the walk grew slower and slower till it was almost a standstill. His rider looked up, for the first time taking notice of the landmarks about her. She should have been nearly at home by this time, and' on a beaten track, but all around, so far as she could see, the country was the same. Where had she got to? Which way should she go? She had not the faintest notion ; but surely Rocket knew. A sharp cut from her whip galvanized hiin into another canter, which, however, soon showed signs of stopping; another cut mad;- him trot half a dozen steps under protest, then he stopped short—he was dead beat. She slipped from the saddle and stood beside him. She was lost, so much was Certain, and she dared not try to find her way on foot, fearing to go still further wrong. If Rocket got better after a rest he might be able to find his way home. She must wait for that. The sun had set, the last faint glow had faded from the west, and the short twilight was quickly merging into dusk, and still she stood irresolute. "Surely I ought to try to find my wav," she said. "Yet if I do I may only go further astray. I must wait till the moon rises at any rate," and sitting down upon a rock she was soon lost in thought, sad thought it seemed. She 6at there motionless for a long time, leaning her head upon her hand, only a weary shivering sigh now and then breaking the silence. Rocket, who had recovered a little, was browsing languidly, but his rider seemed to have forgotten his existence, forgotten everything in her own sad thoughts. By degrees a silver radiance in the east showed that the moon was rising, its slanting beams throwing long mysterious shadows, and when at last she roused herself the low scrub-clad hills looked weird and uncanny in its transforming light. A sudden sense of loneliness and unreasoning fear came over her, and she sprang to her feet with a wild impulse to call for help. " What use ?" she reasoned with herself. " I might call till morning, and no one would hear. But yet—yes, anything to break this dreadful silence." " Coo-ee !" A long clear call broke through the still night air. Was t"iat an answer? No—only the curlews beginning their evening song with peals of hysterical wailing. '* Coo-ee ! Coo-ee! Coo-ee!" Three calls in quick succession. Hush ! surely that was an answer ! " Coo-ee !" " Coo-ee !" Yes, faint, but unmistakable. " Coo-ee !" "Coo-ee !" Nearer now, and more distinct. Rocket raised his head and listened. _ " Coo-ee!" she cried again after a short pause. " Coo-ee !" the answer came, quite close this time—a man's voice with a kindly ring in it. A crashing sound of running feet, and then the bushes parted, and a tall figure sprang out into the moonlight. " Marv!" "Hugh !" For a moment they looked at each other, and then—it was wrong aud undignified, of course, and reprehensible in every way; but she was so overwrought that she forgot everything, and just stretched out her hands with a trembling cry that was half a sob. And Hugh ? What was he to do when he saw this girl, whom, in spite of himself, he still loved better than all the world beside, standing thus so wan and weary, holding out her hands tohiin like a frightened child ? What could he do but what he did do—take her in his arms and try to comfort her ? And she? She, thinking of nothing save that he had come, laid her head on his shoulder and indulged in a real _ good cry, which had the effect of reducing him to the verge of despair. "Forgive me," she said at last, regaining her self-controL " I don't often cry like that, but I was lonely and miserable and frightened, and when I saw you I felt as if some one cared, and I could not help it. It makes one cry to be sympathized with, you know; when people are unkind one feels as if one's heart was shrinking—shrinking away to nothing—but one cannot cry." This lucid explanation did not, however, make Hugh much the wiser. " Unkind !" he said, catching at the one word he understood, " surely no one is unkind to you!" "They are not very kind to me up here, but that does not matter. _ I was thinking of mother and how her friends seemed to have forgotten her just when she most wanted them. They did not mean it, I dare say; they had their own affairs to think of, but it seemed hard to us. Oh, it is dreadful to be poor ; one sees the wrong side of things so much. Even those one trusted most," she said, and stopped abruptly. "Mary !" cried Hugh, catching her almost roughly by the wrists. "Mary, what does this mean? You are not poor." "Of course we are; we lost everything in that Bank failure a year ago. iEven the dear old home was sold, but there—you knew it at the time." "I did not." "Then, why ?" she began, "I do not understand; why did you write that letter?" "I wrote to Sirs. Grant telling her that I was ruined, and then you broke off our engagement." " No, you did that; I have your letter now; I keep it because it helps me when I thins of you too much." " You thought I had deserted you when you were in trouble—deserted you because of thati trouble!" he said, speaking rather slowly. " You thought me such a cur as that, and yet you cared for me ?" He was holding her at arm's length, and gazing wonderingly into her grey eyes—eyes that had lost their old merry flash and learned to be very sad of late. "Yes,'"' she stammered apologetically, "I know it was weak, and wrong, and unmaidenlv; I tried not to with all my might, but I could not help it." " My darling ! my darling!" holding her close. "And I, poor fool, thought all the while that you were a heartless jilt, and tried to turn you out of my heart, but, thank God, I could not." Rocket, for some reason of his own, came up at this moment, looming out in the moonlight like a dingy ghost. "By-the- way," said Hugh, taking hold of his bridle, " by-the-way, how came you to be prancing about the countiy on an unarticulated old skeleton like this?" "Don't call my friend names," said Mary; " Just think if he had not knocked up so considerately you might never have found me." " If he bad been younger and stronger," she went on after a short interruption, "he would have taken me straight home, and we would never have had a chance of explaining it all, for if we had met in any other way we would have stood upon our dignity, and been unhappy all our lives.' "I am deeply grateful, I assure you, but tell me how did you come to take such a long ride alone ? How is it that you are in this part of the country at all? I have heard nothing of you since—since last year." "Last year? Ah! what a hateful time that was just this time last year." They were walking towards the head station of the Ooringa Run, which Hugh said was quite near, walking very slowly, out of consideration for Rocket perhaps; and Mary spoke dreamily, as if to herself. "We beard that the Bank had failed, and knew that we had lost a great deal, but were not quite sure how much. We were too bewildered to understand things at first, but we thought you would explain them. _ We were sure that you would help and advise us. How we watched for you day after day; and then that letter came." "People were very kind in a way," she went on; " promised to do their best to help us— but—well, it is hard to find work when you have had no special training, and I had almost lost hope, when at last I heard of a situation up here." " But Dr. Brown, surely he helped ? I should have thought him a most stanch friend." "So he was, so he is ; he got mother a post as matron of an orphan home. He would have done more, but I—we would not let him." There was so much embarrassment in her voice that Hugh looked at her in surprise. " There is nothing more to tell," she went on hurriedly. " As long as mother was well I did not mind hard work, but lately her letters have been less cheerful, and I know die was not well; then I did not hear for two mails, and to-day no one could be spared to go for the letters, but I felt I could not wait. Mrs. Collins said she didn't see the use of my bothering; if my mother was ill I could not do her any good, and I could not be spared to go to her if she wanted me; besides, if she was as ill as I made out the chances were I would not be in time even if I did go." Here Maty broke off with a sob, and Hugh muttered something between his teeth, which made Rocket, who had heard the word before and associated it with a kick or a blow, start forward spasmodically. " Mrs. Collins is hard, but I don't think she means to be unkind, for when she saw I wanted to hear so badly she said I might have Rocket and go myself. It was rather late to start, but I could not wait another day. I should have got home long ago, but w hen I got mother's letter and found that she had been ill I suppose I did not notice where I was going." " Of course you will go down at once ? " " I'm afraid I can't," she answered sadly. "Why not?" '* I don't think Mrs. Collins can spare me just at Christmas time, and I dare not risk losing my place just when money is most wanted." " But surely you want to go?" *' Want to go ? I feel as if I should go mad with lonping if I do not. It is so dreadful to think that she may be wanting me and I so far away, but I must just learn to bear it. I might be ever so long of hearing of another situation if I give up this." "H'm," said Hugh. "I think I could tell you of another as a housekeeper—a permanency, you know." Of course this put an end to rational conversation for the time being, and though they talked all the way to the station, and at intervals while Hugh drove her home through the moonlight—a long delicious drive they both remembered all their lives—they said little that would be of interest to outsiders. CHAPTER V. CHRISTMAS EVE AND THE END OK THE STORY. It was Christmas Eve once more, and the usual pleasant stir and bustle was going on in every home. The very same children were parading the streets with the same pleasurable exciiMuent which the very same toys would have failed to raise on any other day. Jimmy was not satisfied with a trumpet any longer, he flourished a bat instead; little Polly, the baby, was promoted from a rattle to her first doll; and Joe had transferred his young affections from the balloon man to the lolly shop— they were a year older, that was alL In a small unpretentious house, out of the general stir, a troop of children, all very much of an age, were having their share in the joys and anticipationsof the time; they wereorphans, but they did not seem to mind it much. The Home, bright and pleasant as it always was, was made brighter than ever by fresh texts and tasteful decorations put up by some lady visitors. There was to be a "tree to- night" the children informed each other, and altogether they were on tip-toe with delighted excitement. In her little sitting-rooui the Matron was resting, for a temporary substitute had been found in the shape of a strong, motherly body, quite equal to the work. "Why, ma'am, its just a holiday to me," she said, " so you iust try to have a nice doze before I bring in your tea, and then you will be able to come in and see the tree when it is lighted ; the children, poor things, would miss'Mother,' I am sure." 'Mother' tried to sleep, but the effort was rendered useless by the fact that some kind but thoughtless friend had "stood" tin trumpets all round, and she soon gave up the attempt in despair. "No, no," she said, when the substitute would have silenced them; "no, no, let them be happy to-day at least; they will have enough sad days and to spare in their lives, poor things. I do not need to sleep; I will iust rest quietly for a while and be quite fresh. The Matron, or we may as well say Mrs. Grant at once, for she it was, lay back thinking. The past year had left its mark upon her face ; it was thinner, older, with a weary look about the patient mouth, but a sweet face still, "Just the face to tell one's troubles to," people said, and so it was. She had troubles enough of her own just now, poor soul, but she bore them bravely, striving not to be anxious about the future, though that was hard, for this last attack of illness had convinced her that she was no longer strong enough for her present post. "I must have faith," she said; "Why should I fear, even for Mary. ' The widow and the fatnerless,' there are so many promises for them." There was a tap at the door, and Dr. Brown was shown in. "Resting?" he said, in his old cheery way. " That's good ; that's very good. We'll soon have you well again, I see." " I' am so glad that you have come," she said ; " I wanted to speak to you about several things." " Well, that's fortunate, very fortunate," he said. " 1 thought I would just look in in passing." Which was scarcely the truth, as he had had to come some distance out of his w<»y. " Well, now, what is it ?" he asked, putting on an elaborate air of having nothing to do. First of all to thank you. Very well, if you don't like me to say it I will not, but you can't help my thinking it all the same. Well, I have thought for some time that I ought to give up this post; now I am sure of it. Yes, mv kiud friend, quite sure. I ain not strong enough. I am not firm enough; the older boys are getting beyond me." "But with Airs. Jones's help " " No, I cannot take money for doing nothing. I cannot honestly take a situation that requires much strength, even if another were to be found. What I wanted to ask you was—do you know of anv place where I could livo cheaply ? Could I get into the cottage homes, for instance ? If 1 were sure of a home I could earn something by sewing, I am sure." The little doctor rose and stooid before her, a troubled and almost deprecatory expression on his kind face. "Why will you not let me help you, Mrs. Grant? Am I never to be forgiven for my presumptuous folly?" "Don't call it that,"she answered gently, "it was a mistake, but you meant it kindly." "Iwas a fool, an impetuous, selfish old fool!" he said hotly. " I must have been mad. I was mad with thinking of that dastardly young scoundrel! that " Words failed him, and he was silent a moment. " I wanted to offer her a home," he went on. " I wanted to take care of her, and that seemed the simplest way. I would not have asked her to care for me—but then, I was an old fool, a presumptuous old fool!" "Not selfish—never selfish, "Mrs. Grant said, • softly. "Yes, selfish, selfish, and such a fool! For I love her, I have loved her for a long time now. There—what do you think of that ? I loved a young girl once, but she died. That was many, many years ago. I was a student then, little more than a boy, and I had never spoken of love to her, but somehow I never cared to marry. As your Mary grew up I liked to watch her, she reminded me of Alice. Then by degrees I got to care for her for her own sake. I thought it did not matter, and she would never know. But when that young scamp deserted her just when she needed help I lost my head and asked her to be my wife. I did not want her to love me. I didn't expect it. To be allowed to take care of her, and shield her from every trouble, just to brighten her life for a little while, and feel that 1 was of use to her; that was all I wanted, but—I was a presumptuous old fool, and well punished for my folly." " But then! he said, suddenly catching sight of Mrs. Grant's pained face, " then, don't trouble about a havering old idiot like me; let's talk about your plans. Not a word about what I've said, though, not a word. Some folks think I have my wits about me yet, and we need not undeceive them, you know. Now for your plans " But those plans were destined never to be made, for just then there came a loud knock at the door. "More presents," guessed one small orphan. " 'Nother puddin', guessed another. "No," said a third, better informed; "a lady and gentleman to see ' Mother.' Such a tall gentleman,_ and such a pretty lady !" Such a meeting too, and such explanations ! And such an evening as the children had over their Christmas-tree, even though Dr._ Brown, generally the heart and soul of everything, was called away oh urgent business. No pen, not a feather from an eagle's wing, much less the prosaic steel nib in actual use, could do them justice, nor describe how, when the children were in bed, and silence reigned at last, those three drew close together and talked on far into the night, Hugh telling his story, and how he had got a billet on the _ run, where he was now Manager, • and his mining shares, instead of being a dead loss, had turned out a good investment after all, so that, although by no means rich, he was yet in a position to marry. What more is there to tell? There is a happy home at Ooringa now, where Lassie—who had meanwhile been taken care of by a friend—submits to having her ears tweaked and rumpled by several small Beresfords—she even permits them to pull her plumy tail, but strictly draws the lme at being ridden on—that is the department of a very old, very fat white horse, who idles away his time in a paddock near the house—no other than Rocket, who was bought by Hugh as an " osterlogical specimen," so he said, but soon lost all claim to that title. Next to father, mother, and grandmamma the Beresford children love a certain Uncle Brown, who does his best to spoil them whenever they are in town, but does not often go up to Ooringa. 