THE DEVIL'S SNARE. A Blood Sucking Plant Discovered in Nicaragua. The Strange and Hideous Vegetable Growth Found in the Swamps of Cen- tral America. Its Gory Propensi- ties and Incredible Voracity. Leroy Dunstan, the well-known naturalist, who has spent nearly two years in Central America studying the flora and fauna of the country, relates the finding of a singular growth in one of the swamps which surround the great lake of Nicaragua. He was ergaged in hunting for botanical and entomological specimens in this swamp, which is known as San Sebastian's, when he heard his dog cry out as if in agony from a distance. Running to the spot from which the animal's cries came, Mr. Dunstan found him enveloped in a perfect net-work of what seemed to be a fine, rope- like tissue of roots or fibres, the nature of which was unknown to him. The plant or vine seemed composed en- tirely of bare, interlacing stems, resembling more than anything else the branches of the weeping willow denuded of all foliage, but of a dark, pearly black hue, and covered with a thick viscid gum that exuded from their poses. Drawing his knife, Mr. Dunstan endeavored to cut the animal free, but it was only with the greatest difficulty that he suc- ceeded in severing the fleshy, muscular fibre. To his horror and amazement the naturalist saw that the dog's body was covered with blood, while his hairless skin appeared to have been actually sucked or puckered in spots, and the animal staggered as if from weakness and exhaustion. In cutting the vine the twigs curled like living rinuous fingers about Mr. Dunstan's hand and it required no slight f roe to free the menmber from its clinging clasp, which left the fthsh red and blistered. The gum exuolng from the vine was of a grayish dark tinge, remarkably adhesive and of adisagree able animal odor, very powerfuland nauseat ing to inhale. The native servants who accompanied Mr. Dunstan manifested the greatest horror of the vine, whichb they call la sagenas de diable, the devil's seine, or snare, and were full of stosiec of its death-dealing powers. One of these stories was of an Englishman residing in Managua, who, while hunting in the swamp a few years ago, lay down b3 neath a tree where a large and powerful specimen of this s:ngular plant was growing, and ihadvertently fallirg asleep, awoke to find himself enveloped in its web, and despite of every effort made to extricate him, perished in its deathly embrace. Another story was of an escaped convict who had hidden in the swamp and whose Lones had been found in the folds of the eagenas only a short time before Mr. Dun. stan s visit. These stories, remarkable as they seem, are firmly believed in by the pa. pie, but the only three specimens which Mr. I)Dnstan was able to find were all small ones, though the meshes of the largest would probably, if extended in a straight line, measure nearly, if not quite, one hundred Iees. He was able to discover very little about the nature of the plant, owing to the difficulty of handling it, for its grasp can only co torn away with the loss of skin and even of flesh, bhut so near as Mr. Dunetan could aecertain its power of suction Is con talned in a number of infiaitesimal months or little suckers, which, ordinarly closed, open for the reception of food. The gum exuded seems to serve the two fold purpcse at increasing its tenacity and st nOeurcomsng a -sottmb- h its sickening:odpr. The plant is found only in loaw, wet places, and usually beneath a large tree, and while dormant seems only a network of dry, dead vines covering the black earth for several feet, but coming in contact with anything will instantly begin to twist and twine up ward in a horrible, life- like manner, breaking out with the gum-like substance spoken of before, and en wrap the object with a celerity that is almost incredible. If the substance is animal the blood is drawn off and the carcase or refuse then dropped. A lump of raw meat being thrown it in the short time of five minutes the blood will be [thoroughly drunk off and the mass thrown aside. Its voracity is almost beyond belief, it devouring at one time over ten poundsof meat, though it may be deprived of all food for weeks without any apparent loss of vitality. Mr. Donstan attempted to bring away a root of the eagenas, but it died during his return voyage, growing so foul with a strong odor of real animal corruption' that he was obliged to get rid of it. A yTodo lady-or a refreshment bar sur mounted a diliuly very neatly the other day, when she said to a gentleman who had omitted to pay for his liquor, "Sir, if you happen to lose yoer puree afterwards, re member that you did not take it out here." "HArzw" is a play for all time. It will never give up the ghost. 