Theatrical Topics, Miss A da Ward is in New York, and adver tises that she is disengaged. Mrs. Brown-Fottor has written to some Sydney friends announcing that her seoond season in Sydney is likely to begin on October 26. Charles Arnold ("Hans, tho Boatman") has closed a contract for a year's engagement in England, Australia, and China (says a San Francisco paper). W. G. Wills ia writing a play for tho Ken- dais npon Thaokeray's " Esmond." It will bo played first in the English pcorinoes, and later in Amerioa and London. J. C. Williamson has seoured the Amerioan and Anatralian rights for " Glen Datlogh," an IriBh drama by Edmund Gnrney, whioh will shortly he produced in Amerioa. Lionel Brough has been engaged to appear in the principal low comedy rola in Burnand's ver sion of Audran's " La Cigale ot la Fourmi " at the Lyric Theatre, London, when Mr. Horaco Sedger opens that house in September. According to the Stage , tho exiled M. Roche - fort is the constant occupant of a pit-tier box at Her Majesty's, London, where he now has an opportunity ol witnessing Frenoh plays, and imagining himself baok in Paris. The announcement that a oivil list pen sion of £60 a year has been bestowed npon Mrs. E. L. Blancbard, widow of the well-known dramatist and oritio, has been reoeived with satisfaction in London literary and theatrical ' oircles. First Lady : " I saw yon at the theatre last night, bnt jon wonld'nt look at me. What were you reading so attentively?" Seoond lady : "I was looking for the cast of oharaoters in the programme, but I didn't find it till I got home." Daring the ran of "The Old Homestead " in New York, when " dead-heads " applied for seats, they were partially stunned by the reply from the box-offioe : " Sorry. There's not a seat left in the honse. I can let yon have a box or two, thongh." Miss Grace Hawthorne will shortly take her oompany on tonr in tho provinoes, alter which she will play a brief Btarring engagement in America and Australia, returning to London in October next year to take possession of a new theatre whioh is being ereotod for her on a Bite not far from Piccadilly Cirons. Miss Julia NeilBon, an English beanty, who made her first appearance on the London stage two years ago, iB expected to succeed Mary Anderson in the affeotions of the English play- going public. Miss Neilson is said to possess a minimum of talent and a maximum of good looks. So a wioked San Francisco paper asBerta. Franois Cowley Buraand, editor of London Ftmch , most good humoured of humorists, and best of good fellows, is at work on a burlesque, entitled " A New light Thrown Aoross (keep it qniet) the Darkest Afrioa." It is needleBS to suggest what distinguished traveller will be the subjeot of Burnand's genial banter. The work will be illustrated by Matt Stretoh from original sketches famished by the Mysterious Author. An interesting judicial preoedent has jnst been established in Hamburg. M. Pollini, manager of one of tbe theatres, refused admis- si n to a newspaper critio on the ground that tbe latter bad given his performance a bad Dotice. The eonrt, after deliberation, derided that the manager's course was illegal, and con demned him to pay tbe journalist 600 marks for each refusal of admission. According to le Journal des Debats, Ibsen's " Ghosts " (" Lea Revenants ") was reoeived in a rather unoertain manner when it was played lately at the Theatre Libra, Paris. There was plenty of applause, bnt there waslanghter, too, and Ibsen's mood in " Ghosts " is not a merry one. The laughter was caused, we are in formed, by the eccentricities of the Frenoh translator, bnt how the poor fellow oould have avoided them is diffionlt to understand. The ThameB is to ho provided with anew feature. Tho proposal is that a dramatic oom pany should he engaged to tour on the river in a house-boat, and give performances at variouB riparian reeortB in halls or other pnblio plaoes, nnd. Tohon Ttfanflioi in tlin nnon air. Conceive the ftelingo of tho owner of a place on the river when he finds his field or lawn turned into an open-air theatre, and pastoral plays going on at so muoh a head ! Miss Mabel Harrison, a lady who lately dis tinguished herself by her splendid rendering of Qneen Catherine's famons soene at the Royal College of Mnrio, won from Mr. Irving the remark : "You all, with one exception, say yonr pieces, yon do not feel them, and that exoeption is Miss Harrison, who has one of the moBt sympathetic voices that I ever heard." Mies Harrison has been appointed to the post of elocution mistresB at Datohelor's large sohool at Camberwell. The death is annonnood of Miss Fanny Josephs, the original Lord Woodbie in " Fly ing Soud" (Holborn Theatre, 1866), and in early life a popular burlesque aotress. Her best known obaraoterwas that of Lady Wagataffa iu " Pink Dominoes, "and she was at all times considered a stook aotress of high repnte. In 1878 she married Captain Wombwell, and dur ing the last five years of her life she managed with oonBpieuouB ability the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Liverpool. Miss Augusta Dargon, whose position in the dramatio world ib well known, _ and who has reoently given some highly enjoyable reoitationa for the entertainment of friends, has decided to make a tonr in Australia, whioh was inaugu rated on the 1st instant, by a reoital at the Sydney Y.M.O.A. Hall, at which a large and- fashionable audience assembled. Miss Augusta Daigon's reception was moBt hearty, and her whole performanoe applauded with enthusiasm. Lucy Buckstone, daughter of the famous London comedian, and sister of Rowland Buok- stone and John O. Buckstone, had a benefit matinee at the London Vaudeville lately. Her father's oomedy, " Married Life," waB par- formed, the parts being taken by some of the moBt prominent aotors now in London. Eilon Terry appeared as a maid servant with only one line to Bpeak. " Oddly onongh, this most practised actress was rendered so nervous by the warmth of the reception she reoeived that she stumbled with her single lino, annonncing MiBB Kate Phillips ' instead of ' Mrs. Dove.' " In ordor to signalire the conclusion of the first year cf bis management at the Theatre Royal, Sheffield, Mr. Edmund Tearle has pro duced " Hans tha Boatman" for 12 nights- Mr. CharleB Arnold appeared in the title role, but as the undertaking involved a journey of over 6,000 miles (from and baok to Now York) for him and threo members of his oompany the engagement may be said to have been almoat unique. The eeeret of the engagement is that Mr. Arnold first produoed the play at Sheffield three years ago, and it bcoame so popular then that it has ever sinoe enjoyed the sobriquet of " Sheffield's Baby." Theatrical managers of exporienoe are almost unanimous in the opinion that Mary Anderson will return to the etage, and they set five years as the outside limit of time that will elapBO before Bhe again dons sook and bnekin. They base their opinion npon some glittering gener alities about devotion to her art, and men talk earnestly about tho independence of her position as an actress, her fame, and her fortune, argu- iDg that abe has made most money when she wob her own manager, and that Buoh finanoial ability will not allow its possessor to retire from, the world. Bradfield College is to bo congratulated on an original contribution to the reoent revivals of the old Greek drama. The Hellenio aotor, like the modern agitator, loved tho open air. Greek theatres, like Greek temples, were " hyptothial." Bat thia distinctive feature io odo whioh previous revivals nnder English skies have deemed it prudent to negleot. It has been left to tho " pastora1 players" and to tho Bavarian peaeonts at Obor Ammergau. At Bradfield, however, tho " Antigone "was sno- oessfnlly performed in tho nearest approach possible to the oemi -oiroular roooped mils of old Greek precedent— to wit, a chalk-pit, the audience Bitting on cushions. Soon, perhaps,' we ahall reaoh the point of restoring also tho Greek mask, tho Greek buskin, and tho Greek pronunciation. The original tnusio, wo foar, is post antiquarian restoration. 