MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES, Bl- W. C. P. I ?UStr betin by stating that I never cared for parrots-in fact, as a child, I dis tinctly feared and dlisliked them. One of my e:arliest recollections is that of a parrot kept by one of my aunts whom 1 often visitedl. It seemed peaceable and quiet enough, and Ihad much freedom, when it would meander gently about the room, neither taking notice of nor molesting any one. Emboldened by this conduct, I thought I might venture to tease poor P'olly, so, creeping under the table, I very gently pulled its tail. Deeply moved and incensed by tllis insult, Polly flew straight at me and lit my finger. I acknowledged the justice of tile punisment; still, in fright anl lain, I screamedl aloud, when my naunt an1 nlurse flew to tile rescue andi restoredl thile oltragedt parrot to tler cage. Tile next dtay, on Ileing let loose, it flew stmtraighilt t me, anit trield to peck mIy eyes ount and bit my clleeks; it never forgot nor forgave the injlury, lint tried to bite me whlenever it was loose, flying at me and pecking wherever it co0ld,, till at last it Ibeeamle a sort of nitghltmare and terror to mle, anl I replentl 11 ted r ncitesof thile wrong I lhadl committedl againsllt it. Full of years and Ilhatredl, it at list yielded up thile ghost, to Ily peace of 10ind and Its inistnoessO' regret. 'file next palrrot I lbenme aetruninted with did Iotlhillg to exalt 1Ls nrace illn y eyes. lie belongedl to a sea captnin, anil 110 c1anle across Ilinm ill lodlgings at the seh side. HIis lanlguage was 1irofanity itself, ansil sides tlhant hlie was a tale- iearer. "Rolrt kissedl tile cook; ohi, ti!! ' was screacnledl out by himil s(lenly one dan, andil ly this a ldisCO'fer wOas mIt1de of Ii love story, which" shookl tile pIillars oIf dlomestic ipece;" a jealons housellcaid having taught him the phrnse. I lwahvs thilk of this parrot as a "hinl," for I shlllld ie rievedl to thlink of ary respectable Ildiy-bird disgracing hlerself anti Isex by ver " Iig, big D's" tllhat unlriglhteous bird used1 aity. .3y third philrot friendll was a grey one, nd l?llodingedl to Admiral Blank-also a se1 going hirnt, 1but how different had1 been his e?delltion! le was aII thloronghl gentleman, foill of conversation on mnllly topics, clever at whlistling. anil able to sing1 a golodl sonllg wllel oel.aslit " offeredl . It vas ill tile lirazils I tnet him. We all livedl in a lovely garden attaclhedl t the lhotel, where s0p1arate little houses were hiiilt, eacl w1it1 sittilng an0d led rooms, nt c rding to the relquire nients of tihe gto sts. We hadt one house andi Adtliral lilllnk ianothler,and l'olly used1 to spend1 his tin1 in a rrge cage pirchedl u111 in a tree, whelre he was very Ilihllpy anti conversational, and beclme quite friendly with 1le as I gave llim fruits anit othler telicacies. Ž1ow, there was a hluge negro slave, lip wardls of six feet hIliglh, as blllek as a coal, billt a gr!eaLt swell, attired aiilwaiys in most elpotless lily-white duck suits anl a till white hIlat, who was told off to attend to these garden Ilhouses. IHis name was " White," on the tctus n1n,1 lucendo pirin cille1, I prestmte, and "White! White!" inghti often be Ilheard lshoutedl thlroughl tie garlent in thie stentoriln tones of Adlmiral hBllnk; -when White would fly with an obedient start from thie kitchllen of thie hlotel Ilard-by. One mnorning I ihad seen thle admllr;l start off, resplendent in uniform, tind knewl he was gone; I was slurplriseld, tlherefore, to hIlear " Whlite! White!"calledl in hIis tone of voice. I coult not under stand it, as I Ilhadl never left the garlenl since hie wvent away antil had not seen Iim return. Neither cnould White. lie camen runnint g antd perspiritig, went to Adltliral Blank's hot.e, and then looked a1bout tile glarden, butt colul not find him. Then, sup losing hlie lhad ade a mistake, hlie returned to thle ivory-teethedl,grinling,llck Itlnlundr?y tinaids, ill thie coulrtshill of whom hie 1had been interrtlltetld. "White! Whlite!" ontce tnore resoultllel tllrolgh tIhe gardens, this tiile in very angrl tones. Wliite enime in fear and ilaste to find--no one; and the illusion wais rlepeltedl se'veral times that day. I speediy discovered that Polly was the caller, andl, alas! next day so didl White, an0i in hIis anger and spite he wolult rave killed thie bird h1d-I not been there to Iroitect him. Many at fruitless run did 'toliy give him after that, for iimasters's "W'fiite !" and Polly's "Wlite !" were abso lutely indtstingnisliahle. Soon lifter thllis it fell to my lot to he possessor of two parrots, nllnd bitterly I rellelledl against tlte decree. It Ihapltened thus: We went to Ildia, andi I was com pletely flascinated by the crowds of green parrots wee saw in tilthe lilins. It wias a lever-failing soure of ldelighlt to me to see lem t flyilig in flocks, often hlundretds alt ai time, witll tile raylvs of tile descending sun glsteniug on theiir emlerall-greetl pllllhunagl ; or to see a treeM destituLe of leaves lmade green by reasnit of tile nnlltitlde lof ,ai'rlts hiit Ihail settled on its branches ; or ain, it sunset, to see Ihe green parrots ling itoito thie white maurile nintrets of the el1!iotts Taj-Mchal, ordarting about,frolick ing iln the expiring rlays. To mll they were the most lovely of Inlia's birds. One scene cltnecited withl paLIrrlots is, fromn itds perfect lheailty,often pIresellnt ill nmytind. At ii cert'lin reshletry, one of tile linest inl Norltheri Ildil, tIlerI is ai fiountain c-n stanutly plalying, 11n1d in tile early tlorning tile Iparrots gatiher together in vast nllllnherO to dtlrink a1nd balthlle in its ntnling waters -nld bsin. To see their gralcefl culrvesandl ultpwald Ilighlls befole lldashlling thlroluglh an1 jlust skimuming thile surflce of tile water, with their unbounded joy anl dellight in so dloing, was a picture of ecstatic, ildeall, living llimppiness dillicult to lsulrpass. ''lie piarrots lt tlis resilcncy are ilnost tan1e, for every mornintg flar or five cagedl o011 tIre let loose to be fed, an0i down come al the wild ones to shere their feast. The early mIorning is tihe tille to see tllCese blirl aIt tihellir lrightlest alnd best. At thie first glhnpse of thile risinlg sun they fntoalke their night's restig-places 1and fly shrikilng forth in searchl of foodl, and1 on ttany a tree tlhey auy be seen llulling off the p1recious berries andl fruits. Alas! the intlli's fgardener's) lieitt ldoes not wninn to lparrots, fot their Intuire is to work dostrucltion wherever they go, 10and they ick off andl destrov far more tlan thley ealt-las tie un rip n1;ingoes lyinlg at the foot of a tmange tree will testify. Beeing my adnlmiration of 0nd enjoyment in thlese green parrolts, my frienlds, with whom I was1 stolpping, decided it woullil be ilice for me to ]lave two to take liack to E1tgland withl lme. In vain I representedlo theml that it 0was the beauty and life uf the ,vild ones I adnlired, anti that I tlhought caged one1 wouitl ie sorry reprleselntaltives of their kinl. hut no, tile fates would hlave it otllerwise. Some mlisgnliedl parrots built thelir nest il a holeint tile slltdtlle-roonl wall, 11and some of the yotung hirdts were talken out and lroulght into the house. Wheni I inspected t0hem I coul01 hardl" helieve they were ulr .ots. Tlhey looked like very yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with iwhite claws 1and a red lwok, and not a vestige of aI felthoir, andl ilore firmlhy than ever I declined to have ilything to isay tn them. IHowever, they wcre plut in a basket a1n1 fedl every two Iours on a svstem of dOlgh pills ploked lown thleir thtrotls and waslhed down wi1h wlter, iand tlo ily disglust I 1was expectel to 1ssist themi to these delicious repasts. To tdd to iny triilhues trie lday a 1ll1n1 arrived with a clge full of hill lparrlots, twvo panrent hills, and a famlily of young 0one. They seenedi in the la's sIItage of exhauistion and starvation, so wve fred them all ln andl said we vOlult blity SOm1e, I11d re11tlrned lihi others. 'lthe 1man setnt back i llite muessage that 1ow we hiad touihied the birds, it would ,rlrak his e:usti tio take tuitiu unki, 11and Inless wve would buy them all hlie must kill We felt grieved to tlhink of their un timelv flate, so purchaiiseld thie whole family; thoutgh it was no light tmatter to contetn late situlling six more hIirds with pills- the young birds were even luglier than olur own, tlhougllhl thie parent birds wecre lovely, bright green with red on each lwing, andl a red rilg round thle neck. Well, the time for tiy departure alrrivedl, and I said noth illg alout the parrots, and fonduly lhoped thev liadl beeu forgotten; whetl as the trat~i was ahouti to move off, up canle. servant with a little crlge coln taming two yotutg bhilds and a rlrown paler Iareel contalining ldough. I felt a gonodl uleal, ullt politeness tlihde mIe offer the lest thanks I cotlildd uster up in my vexation. Oiff we starlted, aon d very soon the birds began to make a crooning noise-na sounll I hlad nlenedl to idetst, for it mielnt that they were hungry itl line t the tithoe iadl arrivedl for the dlough to blie utilisdl. With a lIad grace I took them on y lap, openedl iheir bills, ttrun- ahot, atiul ]uoked the boluses down. At lIst the "Torledlo" took a headler atnongst my skirts, a sign thlit he was sutisliel, andtl the " Whale" rolled his eyes and lookedl as if lie were dying, which was his sign of repletion. The above were the names of my new protiqse, the Torpedo having gained his soubriquet by his singular habit of bolt ing heandforemost anywlhere and in any thing the moment he had eaten enough. There was a popular song some years ago called "The Torpeldo and the Whale," so tile latter name followed naturally for my friends, though I hlad never heard thile ditty. 'This meal was the beginning of similur repasts administered abnout- every two hours day and night for some days, when quite suddenly Torpedlo put on an entirely new suit of ithe vividost green with long blue tail-feathers, which with his little bright red bill transformed himn from being ugly to a thlinqof beauty; and one day, at Wa\tson's Ilotnl, Bombayn, hlie suddlenly floew from the balcony right round the room, so, in fear lest he should fly away, I cut his wing. Tie Whale continued sulgly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much lullied by Torpedo, half its size. They still re quircd feeding withl the pills. The voyage lhomle they perfornled in a basket, and Torpedo lcamen so tame, lie woull follow me about the ship like a little dlog. At this time they caqtuired abalbit of shlriekinsg entar-pliercing 'ells. They reaclhed E:nglanil in sulnmer, aind cemeIl very well wlile the warm weslather lasted ; ult sluddenly in tensely cold frosty weather set in with sleet and snow, antl the poor parrots lookedl andl seemed miserable. One night the thIermometer sank to 28 dlegrees below zero. About eleven o'clock at night I heard the little Torpedo rustliuig about and trying to get out of its cage. So I took it to the fire, wannaed and fed it, and it went fast asleep on my knee. At last I linput it back in its cage, corvered it well uti, and went to blied. Tlhe next morning may G(ermuan house maid came to mny bedtroon and saidl, "Oh, amadam, I have such ferry had news to gif you. You vill be so sorry'." I conjred her to tell inie the worst at once, but she kelpt me ill suspense some time longet, repent ing nowy grieved I should be, andl at last hlantded me a newsrplaper parcel containing my little Torledto lying dead. It appears she foiitd thie poor little soul on the flaor with its head between a bookcase antl tlhe wall, frozen to death standing uprigllt. I tried to revive it in every way by putting it near the tire, &c.;, baut all in vain--lifer was extinct. It is noW stuffedl andl llundler a glass case, but it has lost all hold on nly affection, as it is not one whit like my living, saucy, loving, mischlievous Torpedo. The Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved in position. lie was allowedl to sit in tile upper places of his immenlse cage, whereas in the time of the late lalmented Torpledo, lie had alwvays Ibeen romptllelld to take the lower room; had all the tit-lits to eat, and developted in wisdlom and good looks, and produced red feathlers on his wings and a rosy ring around his neck; his temper became genial, lad hlie learned the noble art of conversan tion, and, to the servants' delight, called them all hv their names. Botllh palrrots hadl a wondterf?l facility for makinlg tlhemselves respectedl, but at thle same time ingratinting themselves with other animals. Many a time I have gone to tile kitchen antd foinad it empty of domestics, ibunt the vwhole floor swarminnng with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mothler, and fouar little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge {Moint St. Ilenard dog, andl a canary, andl almongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo aaatl the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front of the fire, the parrots wouldl clanly pinch his toes or his tail till lihe made place for them; and the kittenl and plarrots playedl gaies together, rolling over untd over. The Whale, amongst othlier ac comlplishments, possessed a love of nlusic, and whistledt just like tIhe canary. le also rentl y enjoyed mny nusic when I played, it be prcferred scales and exercises, his thaste being purely classical. 1Whenever I began the former lie -vonld l climbl up my dress on to my shloulder, and there flutter about just as if hlie were taking a bath. 'Ihen one by one hie would abstractlnv hair pins, till at lhst my hair woull fall udown, iald in thait lie wvoild plunge and bathe with extreme relish. This was not an amlsmeintll hl wvas often permnittedt to inlulge in, how ever. At this time we had a " buttons," Rooblinson li name, who was the cross of everybodly in tihe house except his master, wvho continually took his part, anal ex plainedl that all his shlortcomlings arose from too much pelticoat government in thle kitclhe. One day the Whanle was malutterinlg to limself a good deal, anl at Inst clearli delivered himself of the follow ing: "hobinson, Robinson! lwhaltever are sa doing, you Iad boyl ! You're a very anlighty nha . Go to bedt at once, sir D, you heir?" and this exactly- in the cook's soice; and hle used to scoldloblinson loudly in other words nalso, showing the frequency of the thing in his ihearing in the kitclen where ie lived. lie lovedl to ble olut in the garnlen, alnd wousld climb a tree with great gility nild joy. ulling mnuch of the Imnrk off es lie ascenled. Le and the Torpeldo ntirelv plickeld to pieces and dlemolishelld a faisolrate wicker armchair which nmy .nmather-in-lnaw tlnd given us to keep. aand that solh greatly vaalued, which was sad! We alecided ulpon revisitinlg Intlia, andl the quesltion arose, Whant was to hIerone of the iWhale e hItIdl mann English lheartlhs anid homies at his dlisplosal, fnr le had on lceared himself to many paeople by his win ling ways andl clever talk. But we resolvedt to let lnim once more enjoy tile gorgeousn East andl thlesecnesaflhisearlvyumtha. sowe got a snmaal cage, cut off his loa g tail so that Itue might fit in, made a red lUaize cover tol slahow off his coulplexion --l meanl his green feathers-blalght some bird seed, andul there was I'olly, ai, irand cmanplet for tile vovaige. lie litked the sea, and was very hilarious, taltking anad whistling away and nlkbing fliendls with everyonel. lie usedl to sit perclhed up on muy ldeck-clchnir, vwhile every ole broughlt himn dainties frrm table aa;dl tha various ports we stoppedll at. Thlere w' anill actress on board, tile eelehratl Mlile. )ash, " the Silall of the Arena." She wnas not a favoluritb In the shila. She wias loidl ini her dress; speech, and lllannels. andl aif a thirsty temperanlment. One day stle had falllc sweetly aisleepl on a deck-chalir, with hier inouth atide open and snoring, wilth II anost nlavish dtisplaily of flesh-coloured silk stockings. I sawi thie Whale observ hig hier, s?all presently, before I conld catcIh him, he clinmbedt down my chaiir, skurried across tihe deck, and climaedl up her shiny shoes antl pink silk legs. It must really have eoen very pain fiul for liher, as his chais were very bairpa. She woke upl with a loiud scream of hltterest anguish, and I lhurried up to apologise anat to rescue lier from hter awrk wardl position. I regret to say that-so iuchi thie worse for humann nature--many of the passengers rejoicedl loilly at hier ,iisfortune. Thus, making friends anda foes, the Whanle andi we arrived at Madras. There, at the end of our sitting-room, was an ianmense verandah, and hiere tlhe Whale livedt, pleased to renew Is acqunaintance withl sugarcnne, biut disgustedt witll the nits and crows. lhis foodl had constantly to be changed on account of tile formier, and thie hlatter usedl to come and eat hlis reaud anid water; then his rage andl fary were terrible to witness, and all the scolding le hllal learned, intended for Robinson, he leviedl at their heaids, and finally learned to eli- exactly like they lid. HIere we set uip II ainldrnsso "0oy," alnd hIe kept tlhat un fortunate servant pret tyhulsy runningabout as lie learned to call "boy !" btoth in his nmaster's and miistress's voice. lIe visited Calciutta, Ceylon, and various ,places in hildi, anal gamiied healthl, strength, and new \ords in his native land, and learnt to flatter me by eallihtlg out "Prctiy, pretty" wtahenever lie sa- l.e, DIuring lhis arcsilreice at theablvae-mentionedl nrlthernr presidteincy thie ipoor little fellohw hieeaam very ill, gasphelt for hircath, refused all food excpt rwhant lhe tootk frni mlips,flunffecd up his feathers, and oked piteously at imen for helph; hie seemed perfectly miserable except When p1aschled upon my hlandl, the only time tie ever seenlcd to sleep, and in spite of evcrythihsg we tried, ha erapiredl one morning to our great ,rief. We felt as if iwe ladi lost a dear triend, and truly we ihad, for hle laid clheredl us up in many a glooumy m loment by hlis cheery and itfectionate ways. lIe i-as Iaried in a lovely garden brilt with varied anld flagraint clusters of lilossoms-a fit restitig- lalace for such a child of nature. 