An Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXIV.—continued. THE DUEL. I has never before been concerned in a duel, and in the matter of the strict etiquette of this sort of encounter was entirely at a loss how to act. However, I had always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, go ruling a line athwartships almost abreast of the mainmast, I made twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, measuring the interval a second time, and finding that it Was very fairly twelve of my own paces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all their might They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and they were not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to the spectacle. It was to be something of a far more wildly exciting sort than catching a shark, aye, or even may be of seeing a man hung at a ship's yardarm, It put a sort of sickness into tne somehow to witness that swarm of whiskered mahogany-cheeked faces, all looking thirstily, expectation shaping every posture, with a kind of swummag of the whole body of them too in the haze of heat into which the yacht's jibboom went twisting in a manner to make the brain dizzy to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one has examined the expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expectation of witnessing human Buffering. I stepped below. Colonel Hope-Kennedy sat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drumming softly with the fingers of his left hand. I approached him, and giving him a bow, which he returned with an sir of great dignity—men are amazingly polite when arranging the terms of some cut-throat job—I said, " It is my painful duty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once." " Not a moment need be lost so far as I am concerned," he answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them. " My cousin requests me to state," I continued, "that you will consider him as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist bimply in giving die signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point—" "It could not have prevailed with me," he exclaimed. "The madman's blow was needless. On what part of the yacht do we fight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. "As there are no seconds," he said, "I presume we load for ourselves ?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's suggestion," I answered. "Have you the pistols, sir?" "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and Knocked and walked in without waiting for him to tell me to enter. He was writing in his diary ; he instantly threw down his pen and jumped from 1 is chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" he asked. "Your pistols are identical, I believe?" said I. .. "Exactly alike," he answered. "Then Colonel Hope-Kennedy'schoice," said I, "cannot furnish him with any advantage over you, by his choosing, I mean, with a soldier's experience the preciser weapon?" "There is not an atom of difference between them," he excl&im;éd. "Yonder's the case, Charles. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose for himself." He could not have spoken more coolly had he been giving me the moat commonplace instructions. I remember wondering whilst I looked at him and listened to him whether he actually realised his own intention; yet I should have known better than tills if only for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that made every accent hard and steady. He said: "When you are ready ring thehandbell 011 the table; I will then join you." — ' But you will charge your own pistol/' said I, "so I must return with the weapon after the Colonel has made his choice. "No," he exclaimed; "cany the case oil deck and load for me." "Very well," said I, wearily and sick sfc heart, and devoutly wishing that some heavy black squall would come thundering down on the yacht as the precursor of a «le of wind .and delay this wretched business, fur the present, anyway, I took the pistol-case and returned it to Colonel Hope-Kennedy. He slightly glanced at the firearm», and «aid with a feint smile: "They Aiesn elegaut brace of weapons. Xdtherwilldofbrme." "Will yon load on deck -or hem. sir?" "Hero, ifyoa please." He extracted one of the pistolx, poised it in his hand, toying a moment or two with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then returned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one -he had handled veiy well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. "Have you a surgeon on board?" he enquired. I answered "No." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, " No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to wince at this, the only expression of uneasiness I had witnessed in I'im, Finding he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, sir, I will summon my cousin." " I am ready," he replied. On this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion steps, my cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and I at his heels, with Hie pistol-case under my arm and a very lively sense of murder in my heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I was very thankful that she remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's composure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though he were rehearsing a long speech ; Crimp grasped the wheeL Heaven knows how it was that I should have found eyesight for smalloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recollect observing that bout old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into his cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of 6ky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht elided his squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with an energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, " It will be satisfactory to myself, sir, if you will kindly measure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving me a slight Dow he said, nonchalantly, " I am quite satisfied." " With regard to the light," I continued, looking from him to Wilfrid, " You will decide for yourselves gentlemen, which end of the vessel you will face." "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight shrug. " Then," said Wilfrid, "I will have my bade to the wheel" I could not be sure that he was well advised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would throw out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was projected, clean lined as a shadow cast by the moonlight on a white dcck. " It may be as well to toss for position, " I said. " No," cried Wilfrid, " I am content." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men. My heart thumped like a coward's in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your mad relative to feather-edge himself. He is all front. Tis too irrational to take advantage of." Wilfrid heard him and cried out, " Let him look to himself. Beady with signal, Charles." I pulled out my pocket-handkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the wheel and came skimming up to Finn, rumbling out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, that the gent's pistol (meaning the Colonel's) was upon him full, and that he wasn't going to be made cold beef of for any man. " Beady, gentlemen 1 " I cried, and desirous of emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener sight ehould witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it. caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out "Now!" and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only ; it was like the sharp crack of a whip. For the instant I d«l not know which man's pistol had exploded, but the.little curl of smoke at Wilfrid's end told me that it was his. I saw the Colonel fling his aims up, and his weapon flashed as he seemed to fire it «straight into the air. " Good God ! how generous!" was the thought that swept through me ; "he will not fight." He continued holding his pistol elevated whilst you could have counted ten, with a slight backward leaning posture and an indescribable look in his face, absolutely as though lie. were endeavouring to follow ihefl^ht of the bullet ; his weapon then Ml to the deck, he made a dutch with hands still at his heart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that he was dead. His face Was as reposeful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whatever of pain in it —nay, such feint distinguishable expression as I remember had the air of a light smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm ; the orifice was as cleanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A. noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity ! How gents of this kind stand upon their honour! yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. There was a kind of lifting look in his face, that with his swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic -sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indicated a mood of scornful triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," said I. "I have shot him through the heart," aid he, talking like one newly aroused from his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You hit him in some vital part, anyway. He dropped dead. " "He inade sure of killing me ; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. "He'll trouble no other man's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black,-bat-like wings back to that hell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, "was good at least for another twenty years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him ?" "Cany him below." "Finn?" he called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped. "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone- dead, as Sir. Monson declares, get it stitched up. Ill tell you when to bury him." "Ay, ay, sir,"answeredFinn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. My cousin handed me his pistol. As he did so his manner changed ; a brokenhearted look—I do not know how else to describe the expression—entered Ids face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a sufferer from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed close behind : "His death does not return to me what he has taken from me. With bïm go my honour, my peace of mind, the love that was my wife's—all gone—all gone!" he muttered. "My God!" he almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that he lies there." "Be advised by me,'Wilfrid," said I; " withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible morning—enough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. ably, infamy, would have gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it lias happened, I thank God your life is preserved and that you have coine out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and he took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn came staggering towards the companion hatch, bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, supporting his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed hiB hold of the wheel. I went up .to him. "IH keep the helm steady," said I, "Whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me the case off the skylight." Whilst he did this we were bailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the rail and steadying himself by a backstay, " but 1 should be glad-to knew if the gent's coming aboard?" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for him." The man tossed his arm with a gesture very significant of a growling "Well, well!" and then with a flourish of his hat he cried: "A lucky run home to 'ee, gentlemen all!" dismounted, and fell to singing out orders. His wild-looking crew ran about, the main topsail-yard slowly swang round, and presently the deeply-ladeu, malodorous craft,, rolling clumsily upon a swell to whose liçlit summer lieavings our yacht was curtseying with fairy grace, was heading round to her course, blurring the water at her bows to tlie blowing of the mild breeze that had scarcelypower enough to lift her foresail. ^ - Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them,went below. *' Better turn the hands up, X sup] now, sir?" said Finn to me, "there nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to see. " "By all means, Captain Finn; and then get the. boat hoisted and « course shaped for home, for our quest is oyer and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows ! " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine Falsta£ Cutbill tried to walk and look aa though he were sensible that death lay under his feet end that the shadow of a dreadful event bung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and he measured, the «»fc of the deckin eeveralgleesoine, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home 1 " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomiting aailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or .two to exchange a few words with Finn. " You are sure the colonel is dead ? " "Ay, sir ; hell be no deader «thousand years hence." "A bloody morning's work, Finn! I feel heart-sick, as though I shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death, 'tas best as it is. Have you any particulars of the founderihs of the Shark ? " "The yarn her people—I mean the surwivors aboard the barque—spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting '^m. The fall of the -mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though shipwrights had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There were boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just time to get away when the Shark foundered. Twas blowing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Liza Bobbins fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." "1 dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined storm thundering up from the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along—we've all had enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body?" " In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir." I gave him a nod, and with the pistolcase under my arm, descended the steps and went to my cabin. CHAPTER XXV. THE COLOHZIi's FUNERAL. ON entering my berth I threw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a despondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a complete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since dinner time on the preceding day. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward—who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to—to bring me a Ibottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, y-nd beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better s] in the world for a fit of the blues bottle of* Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandishments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning bade in my cli&ir; with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at my ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow. "I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. " What is the news?" "Have not you heard ?" I inquired. " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. , I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." " Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope- Kennedy through the heart," said I, "as he declared he would, and the body lies yonder ; " and X pointed to the recess that Muffin.had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed ! " she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice ; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. " Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid," said I. " But be iB dead; of liim then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just succeeded in fighting myself out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the. help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You have eaten nothing usee dinner yesterday. 1 therefore advise a glass of champagne and a slice of thB breast of cold fowl; and that she might not say no, I put on an air of bustle, called to the steward to immediately open a pint bottle of «Immpagn.^ helped her to a little piece of the fowl, and, finding her stall reluctant, gently insinuated a knife and fork into her hands. " We are -homeward bound," said I : " see 1 the sun has slipped 'totber side of the yacht. Our bowsprit points directly for dear old Southampton Water. So, said I, filling a glass of champagne and handing it to her, " you must absolutely drink tooflr prosperous voyage, not only to the ship that goes, but to the wind that blows, whilst," said I, helping myeelfto anothersirtall dose of Bunpmdy, ** I'll drink the lass t^iat loves a sailor." Sh* could not forbear a slight smile, drank and then ate a little, and presently I saw how much good it did hier by the ; manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Monson was. "In my cabin," she answered ; "she will not speak to me ; die asks my mud for what die requires ; she will not even look at me." " It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her -will break through anon : there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, "Yoursistet must not be allowed to starve. X fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain^Crimp's odious old barque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Here," mid I to the maid, "get me » tray. Steward, open Another bottle of champagne. You will' smile at the cook-likfe view X take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said L " I want you to cheer me up." X went to my cousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his bade, his arms crossed uponhis breast, like the figure of a knight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, he was in a sound deep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry feces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any nervous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally astonished. "Conceive, Mr. MonBon," she exclaimed, " that the whole may have passed out of his memory ! " "I wish I could believe it," said I. " No, he lias just lain down as a boy might who ÏB tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrongheaded aMnetinwa. If J had dhot the Colonel— but we agreed notto speak of him. Miss Jennings you are tete already. When yon arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is in your gaze, and nova you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson,"'she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is no time for compliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity that was above demureness. At that moment Cutbill and Crimp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their capB as they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been oocupied by Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was impossible that she should suspect their mission. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. " Will you share your cabin with your sister ? " I asked. , "Nil; she cannot bear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her ? "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said L "There's a cabin next mine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon lus wife—" "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst the crew forward. So not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for youreister," said I, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wardrobe, the twoscore conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and scissors, bodkins and tape— bless me ! what a paradise after the 'Lisa Bobbins." And then I told her how the Shark was lost, giving her the yarn as I had it from Finn. "Anyway," said I, " Lady Monson is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." _ " But I did not wish her—I did not want Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. " Yet you could have shot him," said I ; " do you remember our chat that night off the Isle of Wight ? " "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. " But now that he is dead—oh, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. '•'It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. " What is abhorrent to them in life, dgath couverte into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that her ladyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to do with her ? " " She is never likely to leave her cabin, " she replied. "When the Brid&Arrives; home then ?" I cannot tell." . " Had Wilfrid'jB .misfortune been mine this is the consideration that would have stared me in the ,facc from the very start and hindered me from taking any step that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce Court." " , ^ . Hero her uiaid^anived; and whispered to her, on which, giving me a pretty little sad smile, she rose arid went to her cabin. I mounted to the deck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a pleasant breeze of wind whose hot buzzing as it hum wed like t&é vast -insect life of a tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was coded to the ear by the t noise of runmng waters on either My first lode was for thé 'Lisa Bobbin*, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee qnarter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me ho approached with a shipshape aalute and exclaimed : " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home ?" " For what other part of the world, captain ? " " Well, sir, at sea one wants instructions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid hiou» that we're going home ? " "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in his cabin and knows nothing." "Lor'bless me!" cried Finn. " But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. "About the funeral; now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitch the body up." " Yes, sir. His honour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." " When do you mean to bury him ? " " Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of " and screwing up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. "You are right, Finn. We have had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your honour read the orfice ? " "D'ye mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." " I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, dupng which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morning, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light Bleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table prepared but no one present. I was standing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabin. He was dressed as if for a ball—swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as though on a sodden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was mudi astonSAnd anS stared at him. Tbere had never been any ceremony amongst us ; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. " Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, " you must give me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," he cried, "you are veiy welL This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modem tailor will permit. Heavens 1 how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one's forefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now—where's Laura?" He asked the question with a Budden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. _ " Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, "I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with hiB finger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed aa I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us ; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to acting the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for champagne, talking as if to entertain us. He lauded often, but softly, in a lowpitched key, and one saw that there was a perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his wife close at hand, but he never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of ghastliness into his hectic manner, the crazy air of conviviality that flushed, as with a glow of fever, lus speech, and carnage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the morning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped him. He drank freely but without, any other result than throwing a little «dour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflicting expressions which filled with wildness his large, protruding, near-sighted gaze atone or tine other of us. I saw too dearly how it was with the poor fellow to feel shocked. Miss lAura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which she seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well- feigned ignorance of there being anything unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in hër efforts to conceal her deep-seated appréhension that stole like a shadow into her face when she looked downwards in some interval of silence thatenabled her to think, or when her eyes' met" mine. • . After dinner my cousin fetched his' pipé and asked me to join him on deck. I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura:—"We must not foigst that Lady Monson is on board. Upon my word, I believe you are right in forgotten all about it, or surely he would have some reference to her dining." "HI take care that she is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I purposely abstained from mentioning her namA dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his chat he wouldhave been irritated by *ae lightestaDusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is after such a morning as we have passed through"— here die glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay—"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart.'' He returned-with Ms pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-in-law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "I have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see that my cabin is prepared." Ithought this answer would start him into questioning her, but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they "don't suffice well have Muffin aft ; that arthritic son of a greengrocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only !" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiter 1 thought I, Lady Monson will hear that and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board ! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wilfrid ; "IH roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head,'forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, X got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said lie, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautifid night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so X called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom : "Is that you, Finn ?" "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "the capt'n's a-Iaying down, but he's guv orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf? The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourselves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find him so easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of the glory which the departing sun trails down the western slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight—for my cousin's strange humour bad made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in the star-laden 'dusk, a noise aa of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into the skyliglit shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phantasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall, noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy dumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings garay from his train of thought ; but not of Bis wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his infant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so fer as the fugitives were concerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in tie starlight ; his evening costume gave him an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked carelessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, in his vehement manner of smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had Jie made some reference to the morning. Yon felt as if the memory of it must be working in him like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from him at moments when I thought of the character of the source whence he drew the strength that enabled him to mask himself with what might well have passed for a mere company face. Whenthree bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. '-' •' " Going tottornin?" he aaked. " It has been a long, taring day," sud I evasively. "A grand day," he exclaimed; "the one starring, memorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you. and we will pledge it in a hamper before parting." We entered the cabin ; it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and the steward replied that he believed she had go&é to bed.* " Hie should be with us, Charles," cried my cousin, with a light of excitement in his eves, lus face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlight, and a fmlf smile of malicious triumph riding his lips. "No, no,"said L "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Wïlfî I want to see you turned in my dear boy." "Pooh, pooh; hiuig turning in 1 I fed myself of forty-spirit power to-night, just in the humour, if I were a member, to go down to the House and terrify the old ladies in it who call themselves Sir Johns and Sir Thomases,-and who wear swallow-taQed coats and broad-brimmed hate, with a passionate attack on the British Constitution.' 1 & called for brandy andseltzer. However, we had not been - Bitting twenty minutes when his mood changed; his I dinner-party faoe darkened. hie arms an4 ty^k in bis THE COLONEL'S FCNEKAL. ing downwards with a gathering scowl upon his brow. I row. "Good-Flight, Wilfrid," said L He -viewed me wifih an absent expression, said ''Good-night," and at once -went, bat in a mechanical -way, governed by habit "without giving his mind to the action, to his berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment Whilst hq gazed hard at the cabin abreast him ; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one who eeeks to clcar his brain, he disappeared. Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. " Shall we tam to now, Kir," said he, "and—«et this hero - melancholy job over T^ " yes,** « a I, ""the sooner the better. Sir fvjjfridhns gone to his cabin. Tell yoorjpeople to be quick-and Becrefe."••• • — He trudged forward, and presently returned With Çutbill »fd ano&çr seaman, ^bfe tJbrôe Of them "yenfe bâow, leaving CWmjp jto ^et ^tWjjiaigway rigged and l^tedLVA I^Bfe^jBf gl6bjulM %nips, fetach Bam^ht'tfe tised tor ïîdià® lights, were suspended agamefc the -Mwarks, and betWeea them a eeaman restra a gia^g «£ thetagïb of- a jgËMrfier. The moonwae î-ÎEÎtog atr thiapKjtaie^t on oar BtaiboBbl beam, aiiafcchof Hood deËliijag ^ -infl^^bkïk Jînç ' t>f the horiafa theré that cneith^hJahd of her "weht inciting out into amending of etarfedfeii sky/ with th*e>iark anft gleaming bcean brimming bo the yacht, vast as the heavenfe thetoaelves looked. Presently Up tàito^i the hatchrosB the-figures of t&ptaih; Finn and the two men, swa; btfiter theweight-of the canvaB-shroi fejim they bore. The watch on dejek came eft and gathered abont "the gabg- •tfay, where they glimmered like visionary irrgatures tq-the dxill^'yeHow Bhmipg of the lamps. Face after face seemed to come twieting and wriggling out pf-£be dus^tiisbïfc 4>f ilaiiy- ïsalfca, toi lifelike atoj sctual by thte dîflï ®L__r btiob ^glanced upon their ehadowy linieataeats. wind; filhïd, ihe ^isrgi""" With melancholy noises, there iwas yearning sob in the sound of the water as it washed .-aft,. broken and-hissing serpent-likè"£rbm the bow. Thecaiivas rose dark^ but R; was now gathering to its ittffciet fcioths a faint, delicate, pinkish fcinge from the red moonbeam, though in » few minutes, when the planet had feted, her.' ill-sliapen face clear of the black line of brine, all would'be of fcnow-white softness above us, atid sparkling line of huhtark<r&il; Mid glitter lag coHEbellatfrihs in the skylight glass of'boating -tm^-her —' fcilver rolling fan-shaped to us. ^couple ,of seagien ^ught holdofthe tiœ. bulwarks, raie end -tuppefttpd by the-^i?3. Thc bbdy Was placed upon it, and j§|bosnjy itîooked ufïhât specteal comminglingdf starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness—ghastly m the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at that hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn pulled a tliin volume from his pocket and opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughing hoarsely as though loth to begin. At last he ïniistered up courage and made a start, fie pronounced tnany of the words oddly, and there Was a deep sea-note in Ins delivery» "I watched his long face twitching_ siid .working.^ to^hiS -J^Mital as he brought his eyes in a squint to ffié pâgé "with the lantern light touching his-skin info à hue of sulphur that xaad.e one think of it as the likeness of a human countenance wrought in yellow silk iupon black Satin. But the mystery of death was with lis; it seemed to breathe—hot-as the night was^-in an ice-cold ait off the dark fciirface off the sea, and a man's.sense of humour must have been of the featherweight quality of an idiot's to flutter in the presence of the pallid, motionless bundle upon : the grating, whosa- chill, secret, subduing, inspirations - Were " unspeakably heightened by the eyes-of the fcailots round about gleaming out of the Weak glimmer of their countenances •vaguely shaped by the rays of the oil flames upon the obscurity, by the. sBver gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven surveying us over the yardarms and through the squares of the ratlines and amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, and by the steadfast watching of stars, low down in the measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits standing on tiptoe behind the horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was now icing her crimson visage with crystal and diffusing a soft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of sky. I was standing with my back to the companion hatch ; my eyes were rooted upon the white form which in a few moments now would be tilted and sent flashingwith a heavy cannon-ball at its feet into the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life, Lad acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end he . had met ; but he .lay dead ; his .grave was this mighty wilderness of waters ; not a hole in the earth to which those who mourned him could repair and say, pointing downwaxds, " What remains af him is here ; " but a tomb rivalling the heavens in immensity, a material eternity that would absorb Mm and his mèmoiy as '-though his" fbrm, -waiting "there to be launched, was but a drop of the dew that glittered in the jnoon shine upon the grating that supported him. .. „ , Tbat bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy musings, and I was thinking of the mai as X h^d beheld ahim in the morning, worn iudéed by shipwreck and •ptivatxon, but ^tatelyrerect, soldierly cheek crimsoning to the blow that Wilfrid had-deaip him j - life and passion strong in him ; when I wasl startled ' "opt of my thoughts by Finn ceasing to T-ead. J glanced at him and observed that he was peering over the top of his hook, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to see^what had called off his attention, and remarked a tall "female f <-ure attired in a light dress, but with" her e concealed by a'long dark veil, standing ocse beside the head of the grating perfectly motionless, save for such movements as came to her by the swaying of the yacht. She had appeâred amongst us with the stealthiness of ;-k ghostj and she looked like one in that conflicting light, with the faint gleam of her eyes showing through the veil, and the stitchedup form on the grating to give a darker and more thrilling accentuation to her . presence tlmnjshe coujdJiaye^got fepia an empty grave or a ruptured coffin. The sailors backed away from her, ehouMêï one another into mi wiping of their leather of their hand?- : I was sbartled^m beholding her, bnt quickly rallied ifcd?à éensecf deep disgust that possessed me on contrasting this illustratien of -emotion with her language and treatment of "Wilfrid that-morning.. ^ * Proceed,". I exclaimed to ; Tipn. " Bead on, man. and shbrten thé «eiT>6e, too, if you can. : ï^gi I: Be croaked out afi^h, r lmt|aié ^oor fellow was exceedingly perviM^: : 4 P« ceremony, so far as it had gone, 'itad been chill, doleful, depressing ehongKTSefofe ; but. a character almost of horror to my \- mind now came into -it with the tall, stately, motionless apparition that stood —scarce won by the lamplight and the •moonlight Jkeswtbe - ^hadowiness .that elfothed lier with unreality—at the head of that ashen-tinctured length lying prone •end resembEng ia' hammock npon ' icrating. It was ilie inoral hér kdyï into the occasion that made at, to wi fAàfihe had abandoned her husband, had pricked the bubble of her honour, extin- ' ~içd the inspiration of her womanijfc. purest, truest, deepest, holiest ~ WlUtbutan then for the base dishonour she did herself by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeral of her shame with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind FïnïijB croakïng delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rambled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been -snobBe>EV«d~bythe - two-men-who heldit, or else not understood. .Bië sàilôrs raused their arms ç tfaelg^tamenng bundle eped like â stoall dôûd.ç^ smoke fix>m : the Bide to the accojnji&niment; of thé noise of a ]pngt- cteaming wash of water simmesing aft from the bpw, through which I cbught.the nôte of a hslfr. stifled «hriek from Lady Monson. : J^he fla^ tier hands to her lace and reeled as if^ie.wonld falL ï«pcang to her assjstânce,but xrnfreeing hereyes.and seeing who 1: was, ahe waved me from her with a moûon.of which the passionate haughtiness, diEdain,:and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly aft. I bçlieved she iras going below again, and said to .Tinn, "Shut the bopk. Make an end now; The" man is buried, aiid thank God fôt it." . ; ..t Lady Monson, however, walked tp the cxtxenie end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft the wheel, and overhung the teflrail, apparently gazing into the obscurity • astern where .. tie, Colonel'ss body was sinking and where, the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty summer highway running ivory-like through a dark land on a moonlit night. I watched her with anxiety^ but, without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along -with the; grating. . I said to Finn: "1 hope, she does not mean to throw herself overboard." ^ ' :His head wagged in the moonlight. "Sir,"be answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If she were the wife pf the gent-that's gone, I'd see to it. But .cfce'H not.hurt herfcelf." ; Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon her. The awning was off the deck ; the planks ïan white! as the foam alongside under the jmcon that : was now brilliant, and all (objects showéd sharp 'upon that ground, hilst the flittingof the ebony shadows tlie heave of the deck was like - a rawling of spectral life. I spied the jfellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly .'towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, off- hand indifference could not reassure pie. The fear of death, all horror induced by the cold, r moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which "her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze <rf remorse, of grief, pf despair. There were shapes of eddying froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing —dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form, of the man whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him she might witness in the: apparition, real, sweet, alluring as in life to the gaae of her tragic eyes, which in imagination I could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh of relief that, after I. had stood watching her at least ten minutes in the shadow of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the companion, down which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in her coming as in her going. Twenty minutes later I followed her, found . ^e cabin empty, and went straight to bed. (To be continued.) 