I THE MASSACRE OP ST. BARTHOLOMEW. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Sir,-In my last letter I stated that, owing to " A Reader's" deep-rooted prejudice and hatred of the Catholic Church, nothing would convince him that the Pope was not implicated in. the horrid massacre of St. Bartholomew's day, and his letter of the 14th inst. make me feel stronger than ever that such is the case. He still regards, or pretenda to regard, the fact that the Pope did not hurl the censures of the Church at Charles IX, as conclu sive evidence of his guilt, notwithstanding that all historians of repute, whether Catholic or Protes- tant, are of the contrary opinion, and notwithstand- ing that the king took the whole blame on himself, and that he and his mother, Catherine de Medici, on the authority of the Protestant historian, Ranke, suddenly quitted Paris so as to avoid meeting the Papal Nuncio, so conscious were they of their guilt. But though "A Reader" is not convinced by the overwhelming testimony brought against him, he evidently so much feels the force of my remarks re- garding the unreasonableness, and even ridiculous nature of his bbjeetion, under the circumstances, ' that anticipating and dreading the favorable im- ' pression they were calculated to produce on the ' public mind, he, in true Protestant style, immedi- ately flies into a passion, and commences to pour i out a torrent of abuse. I am not at all surprised at i this. I expected it, knowing that calumny, misre- 1 presentation, and abuse ate the last strongholds i of Protestantism, when driven from overy position 1 y argument. As a learned and eloquent Catholic i ! controversialist well remarks, deprived of these weapons their cause has not a leg to stand upon. I must, however, give "A Reader" credit for adroit generalship, for finding his position no longer tenable in regard to the St. Bartholomew affair, he commences to search the pages of his " learned and acute" (he might, also add untrust- worthy) historians for other charges of persecution. He seems shy of giving the name of his historian, for evidently, with all his taunting that I am afraid to read Protestant authorities, if the dark recesses of his heart could be scanned it would be found that his real grievance is that I am too con. versant with Protestant writers for him, and his dread seems to be that I might prove his historian to belong to the Fox tribe, and thus discredit him in the estimation of the public. His shifting his ground, though it shows a determination not to be convinced by the clearest evidence-his implacable [ hatred of the Catholic Church prevents that-is nevertheless a sure sign of defeat. A good general will abandon position after position, and take np the strongest ground next presenting itself ; but while it shows a determination to fight to the last, it is plainly evident that he abandoned his former positions because he could no longer hold them-a superior force drove hjm from them : he was de- feated. So it is with " A Reader." With reference to the persecutions of the Jews, to which your correspondent refers, whatever were the motives which led to them, religion was certainly not the motive, nor had the Catholic Church any. thing to do with them; but, on the contrary, Popes Innocent III., Gregory IX., Innocent IV., and others strongly condemned them, as did St» Bernard, one of the greatest and holiest men of the age. The large masseB of wealth the Jews accu- mulated, partly by commercial enterprise and partly by usury, was the means of exciting the jealousy and hatred of the populace against them, as it seems to be doing at the present day in Russia, and in order to give colour to the bad feeling excited against them, a lot of false and absurd charges were artfully got up against them to damage them in tho public estimation, and in this way persecutions were commenced and carried on. In Spain their connexion with the Moors further excited popular jealousy and sus-, nicion against them s but it was a thine entirely confined to the Civil power, with which the Church had nothing to do but to endeavour to stop the progress of the persecutions. Like everything else in connexion with Catholicity, these persecutions have been grossly exaggerated by Protestant his- torians, who, in their insane hatred of the Church, would, like " A Reader," like to see it perish, even though Judaism or Moslemism should take its place. But here they are sadly doomed to disap- pointment ; here the promises of Christ come in, to their utter discomfiture, to protect and sustain His church to the end of time. And whatever storms of adversity may blow, however heresy may foam and lash around, a Catholic can no more doubt of the ultimate triumph of the Church than he can doubt that our blessed Lord will be faithful to the following words:-"Thou art Peter; and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it." " Go ye, there- fore, and teach all nations." ..." And, lo ! I am with you all days, even to the end of the world." " He that heareth you, heareth me ; and he that despiseth you, despiseth me." "I will send the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, who will bring to your recollection all things whatsoever I told you and who will abide with you forever." It is in vain that a band of missionless intruders " not sent, but running," have set themselves up to reform this church, so divinely protected. The words of Holy Scripture are so strong against them that, could they be denied, there would be no valid reason why another word of the inspired writings should be believed. The result of their so-called reforming haB been that in a very short time they commenced reforming the doctrines of the so-called reformers, and that with bitter recriminations and fierce denunciations of each other; eaeh individual his own doctor and pro pounder of religion for himself ; and this was carried to such an extent that Capito, Protestant minister of Strasburg, had to complain of it in his day thus : " Our people now tell us : I know enough of the Gospel ; I can read it for myself ; I have no need of you j" and Dudith had reason to complain to Beza in this strain-" Onr people are carried away with every wind of doctrine ; if you know what their re- ligion is to-day you cannot tell what it will be to- morrow. In what single point are those who war against the Pope agreed amongst themselves ?" It is no wonder, then, that Calvin, anxious to screen these divisions, bo subnersivc of truth and sug- gestive of falsehood, should say to Melancthon : " It is of great importance that the divisions which sub- sist among us should not be known to future ages." This process of reforming has gone on from the commencement of the so-called Reformation to the present day, with the result that we have now multi- tudes of different sects, holding tenets as divergent as the poles, and each claiming that its doctrines are deduced from the Bible, as if, according to these blasphemers, the Holy Ghost could teach a doctrine as true to one sect and as false to another, warring against it, and repeat this in an immense multitude of cases. And the most comical part of the proceed- ing is that all these different and contradictory sects pretend to think that they compose the " One Poid under the one Shepherd." But as a matter of fact they do not, but on the contrary pretend to think it is an undesirable and impossible thing to possess this unity, so clearly characteristic of the true church, and which is of so close a nature that our Lord likens it to the unity existing in the God- head " That they may be all one, as Thou, Father, in me and I in Thee." What resemblance is there between the multitudinous sects of Protestantism and the unity here described ? None ¡ but the very opposite. Is it any wonder, therefore, that there should be stich large numbers of the most learned clergymen and others, who are peculiarly fitted by their great learning and theological training, to investigate religious truths, daily leaving this Babel of confusion, and crowding into the Catholic i Church, where alone the marks of the true church : are to bo found. , In my last letter I complained of " A Reader's" dishonesty, and now I must give him credit for candour ; for in his 3rd paragraph, letter 14th Nov., he refera to Protestants as a " new foe" to Catholicism. It is certainly refreshing, when Protestants are having recourse to the idea of an invisible Church and all sorts of absurdities, to try to foiBt on the public that Protestantism is not a thing of modern human invention, to fiad " A Reader" acknowledging even though done " unbe- knownst" to himself thatthe time of its orign is exactly where history assigns it, viz. the 16th century. Thank you Mr. "Reader" for your candour. " A Reader" gets very indignant because, as he says, I dared to impugn his honesty in refer 1 ence to my quotations, and seeks to get out of the trouble by saying that the paragraph was not marked with commas. Now the quotation referred to was quoted by me to 'prove the unreliable character of Protestant historians when dealing with the Catholic Church. The commencement of the quotation was narked with inverted commas, and the end also was marked in like manner, and I called attention to the fact, in my next sentence, that the quotation was from a Protestant writer, and I asked how could any man of ordinary intelligence mistake the words of any portion of that quotation,, so marked, and with my comment at the end of it, for mine. It was simply impossible for him to do so, and besides, further on in the same letter, " A Reader" says I quoted authorities to prove that " Gregory was a saint," whereas I quoted them, as I have said already, to prove the unreliable character of Protestant historians. Quito a different thing, for ray authorities say not a word about Gregory. His object is plainly to try to blind the public and destroy the damaging effect of my quotations on the character of historians, on whose writings he bases his charges against the Catholic Church. Let the two circumstances be coupled together, and I ask the public is not his dishonesty clearly proved ? I can f nlly understand his putting on an air of indignation, and calling me a mean, narrow-minded bigot. That is precisely what one of the Sydney push would do when detected at his nefarious practices. Bat this does not prevent the officer of the law from arresting him, nor the magistrate from inflicting condign punishment on him. Your correspondent seems to have abandoned his charges cf ignorance, enemies of progress, etc.,. etc., against the Catholic Church, which he ad- vanced with such confidence. The quotation I gave in my last from the pen of a Protestant, who speaks in such disrespectful language of the Catholic Church as to be quite above suspicion, as to having any leaning towards it, has quite floored him ; but he cannot help, though his calumniouB charges have been crammed down his throat bymjr Protestant authority, giving vent to his speeches in vulgar gibes and sneers. His conduct reminds me of a puppy dog who, when well whipped, runs away yelping and howling, with his tail between his hind legs, but snarling all the time. It ill becomes a man to indulge in vulgar gibes who, in his last two letters, misspells the word " bigoted" eight times and two other words besides-" seized" and " barbarous." I drew your correspondent's attention already to th« fact that he should show clean hands in reference to perseôution before he so freely levelled such calumnious charges against the Catholic Church, but it appears he turns a deaf ear to this, and by his silence would try to keep the public in the dark as to the real character of Pro- testantism as a persecuting Church. It is not my intention in this letter to trace Protestant perse- cutions by giving full quotations from the history of the various countries in which it got a footing; but, as I observed already, persecution, and resist- ance to, and rebellion against, the civil powers, was a principle incnlcated by the so- called Refor- mers, and, so fully acted upon by Protestants, that wherever this new religion got a footing its progress can be traced by the streams of blood shed through the tnrbulence and the treasonable designs of its adherents. In France the Huguenots excited nine or ten civil wara, which cost the lives of two mil- lions of men and burned nine hundred towns and villages in Dauphine alone." (Fredet'a Modern History j note p. 533). Nie. Fromenteau, a Pro- testant, confesses that in Dauphine alone they killed two hundred and fifty-six priests and one hundred and twelve monks or friars. In these atrocities the Protestant Baron des Adrets forced Catholic prisoners to jump from the towers upon the pikes of his soldiers, and obliged his own chil- dren to wash their hr.nds in the blood of Catholics. (Liv. de Finance). In Ireland it is sufficient to say, in general terms, that the persecutions lasted for, with little intermission, about three cen- turies ; that the numbers slain are not to be counted by thousands, but by millions ; that the most bar- barous and determined attempts were repeatedly made to exterminate the entire Catholic popula- tion, whose faith could not be shaken, even by the fiercest persecutions ; that the most barbarous laws were enacted, whereby Catholics were deprived of education at home, and every effort was made to prevent them from getting it abroad ; that the same p*rice was put on the head of a priest and on that of a wolf; that it waB a favourite pastime for Protestants to go hunting for priests, who when found were tortured and put to death; that it was transportation for life for a Catholic school- master to be found in the land, and should he escapo and return death awaited him. In fine, the eloquent and noble-minded Protestant, Edmund Burke, describes these laws as the most diabolical and best calculated to degrade and barbarize a people that were ever conceived by the perverted ingonuifcy of man. No quotations could give an adequate idea of the persecutions I have been giving a bare outline of, for the simple reason that space would not permit. Books could, and have been written on this subject-one very able and exhaustive one, by his Eminence Cardinal Moran, who remarks that it was nothing but the hand of God that prevented the entire Catholic population from being rooted out of the country. But in order to give a faint idea of the savagery with which some English Generala performed the work of murder, pillage, and devastation allotted to them, I will give a short quotation or two from Froude, who is as anti-Irish and anti-Catholic as can well be imagined, but who found the State papers in his hands for inspection too strong and too plain to conceal anything. Froude, describing the murder- ous propensity of two English commanders, says, " Sir Peter Carew has been seen murdering woman and children and babes that had scarcely left the breast ; but Sir Peter Carew was not called on to answer for his conduct, and remained in favour with the deputy. Gilbert, who was left in command at Zilmallock, was illustrating yet more sig- nally the shme tendency." (Hist. Eng., vol. 10, p. 59). " Nor was Gilbert a bad man. As times went. he paesed for a brave and chivalrous gentleman, not the least distinguished in that high band of adventurers who carried the English flag into the Western Hemisphere, a founder of colonies, an explorer of unknown seas, a man of science, and, above all, a man of special piety. Ho regarded himself as dealing rather with savage beasts than with human beings, and when he tracked them to their dens he strangled the cubs and rooted out the entire broods." (Ibid, p. 508 ) " The Gilbert method of treatment has thia disadvantage, that it must be carried out to the last extremity, or it ought not to be tried at all. The dead do not come back, and if the mothers and the baboB are slaughtered with the men the race (¡ives no fuitber trouble; but the work must be done thoroughly. Partial and fitful cruelty lays up only a long debt of deserved and ever-deepening hate. In justice to the English soldiers, however, it must be said that it was no fault of theirs if any Irish child of «.at generation was allowed to live to manhood." (Ibid,j>. 507.) At page 512 Froud» says, "The Inference is but too natural that work of this kind was the road tq preferment, and that this, or something like it, was tho ordinary em ploymenfc of the ' Saxon' garrisons in Ireland." I *-»- - I think I may leave these quotations safely to I the public to ponder over without comment, further than to state that Froude's idea of a bad man must be very different to the ordinary run of historians if he fails to consider this monster Gilbert as one ; but I suppose theBe barbarities, having been prac- tised en Catholie Irish men, women, and children, Mr. Froude looks on this asan extenuating circum- stance, which will so far reduce his (Gilbert's) guilt as to allow him to be regarded as " a man of special piety." This, I must confess, is strange morality, I do not know whether I have quoted extensively enongh for " A Reader ;" but I think for the pre- sent I have to satisfy the public as to which church ?is the persecutor, and, an I havs occupied so much \- of your space, I again thank you for allowing me to do so. -I am, Sir, yours truly, FAIR PLAY. [This correspondence must now cease.-Ed. M. M.} 