ARRIVAL OF THE AMERICAN! . MAIL. The R.M.S.S. Zealandia," bringing the English and American mails, arrived in port yesterday. Her latest dates are London, November 1 ; New York, November 8 San Francisco, November 15; Honolulu, November 24 ; Tutuila, December 2 and Auckland, December 9. From our files we take the following extracts l'- An Erie telegram to the San Francisco Chronicle, dated October 19, states that "a horrible catastrophe was averted on the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway to-day, near Silver Creek, through the bravery and RooUhcadod conduct of an engineer. . A detached section of the eastbound freight train had been run into by another section, and a portion of the debris thrown over on the westbound track just as the No. 2 But train going west at the rate of 60 miles an hour came along. Engineer John Burns, of the past songer train, saw a truck ahead and then a freight car. He saw that it was useless to attempt to stop his train. He could jump himself, but would sacrifice the lives of his 160 passengers. The fireman had left him. The heroic engineer resolved to stand by his engine. He put on all steam, and, opening his sandpiper so as to get a firmer hold on the rails, threw the truck off the track and cut through the freight cars and other debris. Burne, with wonderful fortitude, hold the lover, and, the moment he had cleared the obstruction, reversed the engine and threw on the air-brake. As the train entered the wreck the sides were torn out of three coaches. The screams of the women rose high above the screeching of the steam. Although the engine was dismantled, bravo Engineer Burns emerged from the debris alive, but covered with years and bruises. Stout hearted man embraced him hysterically, realising that his heroism had saved the train. But one passenger was seriously injured, Mrs. Mary Kane, of Denuiston, 0" who may die. Joseph Myers, ' of Cleveland, was badly hurt about the head. Probably a dozen others were painfully cut and bruised. Not a car in the train left the track. After the people were quieted, C. M. Spitzer, a Boston banker, headed a Hat and over 400 dol. were presented to Engineer Burns by the pas- sengers." William T. Chamberlain, of Norwich, Connecticut, has invented and perfected a gun which premises to be the most durable, simple, and effectual gun ever made. It is called the electric hydrogen gun. There are three methods of firing the gun. By the first method Mr. Chamberlain claims the projectile is sent from the gun by a pressure equal to 37,0001b. of atmosphere by the second process, four times that force and by the third method it is transformed into an air-gun, with a pressure of from 1500 to 2000 lb. The gun is simple, with no other machinery than a chamber and barrel. William Pillinger and wife, who reside about three miles from Perry (Michigan), attended a series of revival last summer, and have since been what the neighbours call religion Struck." With them lived Pillinger's mother, who has long been physically frail. It worried Pillinger and his wife that the elder woman was unbaptised, and on October 15 they decided that the necessary. religious rite should be performed, although the poor woman was confined to her bed unable to rise. Taking water to her room they began the ceremony by dashing water in her face, and continued it until from the shock and exhaustion their victim ceased to struggle. The horrified fanatics then discovered, too late, that she was dead. Soon after the neighbours were attracted to the house, and, discovering the dead body, took charge of the nearly crazed paper. They also rescued a little child whom they report the couple were about to submit to a similar deadly baptism. The couple were brought to Perry and arrested before Squire Bolt and then taken to gaol at Corunna. Considerable anxiety has been caused of late to the Government officials and others who visit the White House daily in regard to the possible danger of fire to the historic old structure and its occupants arising from the placing of electric light wires throughout the building. Recent renovations and repairs to the building have disclosed more than ever the under like condition of the entire building. There is not a just or timber comprised in a vital point in the structure which is not half rotten and decayed and highly inflammable. The space between the ceiling of the rooms and the floors of the next room above is filled with half decayed timbers and a stratum of fine dust, which would act like a train of powder in communicating flames from room to room with lightning-like rapidity. Arthur Lumley, a well-known artist and illustrator has become totally blind through a growth of cataract over both eyes. He was one of the earliest members and promoters of the Society of American Painters in Water colours, and was successful himself in this branch of art. He both wrote and made illustrations for the London News and Graphic, Le Monde, Illustre, and Pine Art. . A Tribune Pierce (S. D.) special says-A physician living at Fort Pierre yesterday returned from a visit to a band of Indians 23 miles from here, whither he was summoned by the ' squaw man. who informed him that the entire band of 200 would die off unless something were done for them. Thirteen have already died and many are down with mountain fever. These redskins have been observing the New Messiah craze by fasting and executing ghost dances without stint for two months, until they are helpless and have brought on the disease." The Secretary of War is now preparing to carry into effect a recent Act of Congress which has caused a great deal of commotion in the army. This Act provides for an examination into the mental, and, physical, and military qualifications of officers who are in the line of promotion. The purpose of the Act of Congress is to eliminate from the army officers who are morally or physically disqualified for the service, so that promo- tions may go on faster than is the case at present. The Grand and Burlington Hotels, SanFrant-iaco.have been destroyed by fire. Tholos«isestimated«t500,b00dol. The Daily Alta California of November 4 writes : " The entire block is now a mass of charred ruins, and judging from appearances, the authorities will not allow it to be rebuilt, even if the owners have an inclination to do so. The outer wall still stands, but many of the partition walls, which were of wood, were consumed by the flames. Here and there a brick chimney is standing. The Burlington Hotel, which occupied the east half of the structure, is totally destroyed, and considerable of the Grand is injured past repairing. The windows are broken and the casement blackened and charred. The Now Montgomery side of the building was not badly damaged by fire. The south-west corner was not touched by the fire at all inside of the Grand ruin reigns supreme. Burnt bedding and furniture, broken mirrors, broken glassware, saturated carpets, wrecked pianos, and luggage left behind by the guests, are seen on every side, to say nothing of the tons of plaster dropped from the walls and ceiling. The place looks as though it had been struck with a hurricane as well as a fire. The roof in the east side has fallen in and hangs down on the burnt posts and bricks where the fire raged its fiercest." An Atlanta (OR.) telegram, dated October 22, states that " Governor Gordon to- night received an appeal for troops from the sheriff of Coffee county, who told- graphe- that negroes were shooting down whites. The negroes constitute a large proportion of the population of Coffee county, and the county has been the scene of several race troubles. Much territory is covered with dense pine forests, the working of which for turpentine employs large numbers of both white and black. They are very illiterate and there is much race prejudice, which frequently leads to conflicts. Douglass, the county beat is a small village of the most primitive sort. The population of the county If only a few thousand. Word has just been received from Waycross that the rioters are led by a white man named L. B. James, who operates in turpentine mill. He had a dispute about the land with Thomas Score, and while attempting to gain possession Seers shot one of the negroes dead, and later, with a gang of men, attacked Barnes' hands. The negroes then resolved on retaliation, and shot several, four fatally-B. E. M'Lendon, Frank Beer, Thomas Seers, and a companion named Hendricks. The negroes are described by the messenger who brought the news to WaycroM as being furious." The biennial convention of the Fenian Brotherhood was brought to a close at Paterson, N.J., on October 21\. The session lasted three days. More than 200 delegates were present, representing all sections of the United Suter. By far the most important action of the convention was the unanimous endorsement of the recommendation of the general secretary abolishing the secret oath of organisation. Hereafter all transactions of the brotherhood will be open, and the public will be free to attend all the meetings. The unusual circumstance of a husband being called as a witness in his wife's behalf in her suit against him for divorce was presented on October 23, before Judge Andrews, of the Supreme Court of New York. Mrs. Elizabeth Hutchings asked a decree of absolute divorce from her husband, Augustus F. Hutchings, she had put in no defence, and was subpoenaed by his wife to prove her charges of infidelity. A Birmingham (Ala.) telegram of October 24 says : - "At the State fair to-day Thomas J. Mina and Miss Gertrude Pitman, of Brewtnn (Ala.), ware married in front of the grand stand, in the presence of 10,000 people. The young couple then stepped into the car of a balloon, and with Aeronaut Baldwin sailed off on a bridal, tour. The balloon was last seen this afternoon heading for the mountainous region of Shelby county. The young couple get a purse of 250ft. and a large number of presents. The balloon, with the bridal couple, finally landed on top of a mountain 17 miles from Birmingham." 