ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. The racing season of 1890 was opened at Lincoln on March 24. The weather was wet, and the gpingfearfully heavy. Theraindldnot prevent a huso attendance on the Oarboline eacn day, and nelda were gooa eu rouna. Th' Trial Plate, th* opening event of tha year, was coat—ted by six hones, and among them was the Australian Plutarch, who was ridden by D. Bowes, and carried 10 st 2 lb. None of the othen had more than 7 st 10 lb* and with the ground so holding It b not much wonder that Plutarch failed to oarry bit welter weight successfully. Normanby, th* winner, b by Robert the Devil, and he enabled T. Lottos, the most successful jockey of 1889. to open the new season with a win. Big fields contested the other events on the first day, but the results have no Interest for Australians. On Tues day then was the Brooklosby Stakes for two year-olds, the race in whioh Toe Bard, Donovan, and Semolina made a suooessfal debut The Duke of Portland was repre sented by t- smart filly in Charm thb year; but, although a ton of th* ail-otaqu«riag 8t Simon . waa to th* tore. Simoniau b tha property of Uolonel Nor*. The Nttnto King was present, and personally backed hb oolt, who, It may be remarked, cost 4,000 guineas last season, while Maoua cat. who wat seoond, waa bought by Mr. Abbgton fiaird for the small sum of 160 guineas.. Sth- beockmbbt stakes, Of 500 sots, added to a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each for two-ysar-olda. Colts. 8 st 121b.; filUet and geldings, 8 st 91b. Second to receive 60 sovs. out of the stakes. About five furlongs. Sixty- eight subs. Coloael North's Mmoniam, by flt Bimoa— Gt- ronae, 8 a*. 121b. (M. Cannon) .. .. _ 1 Mr' Abmgton't Mtcuneat, 8 it U lb. (T. Osn. boo) — ? «- ?? — — ?? «-S Saks of Portland's Charm, 6 st. 0 lb. (ear. 8 it 10 lb (J. Watss) ------ ft Lord Haatuurt Jimmy. 8 *. 0 lb. ft. toaiea).. « Abo fan— Viooiua, 8 st 9 lb. (Allsopp); MastorhursV8 at U lb. (CaM*r); 8astana, 8 st 9 lb. (Wane) ; Bister May, 6 st 9 lb, (Fagan) ; Patrol, 8 st IS lb. (6. Barrett) ; byprlalj st 9 lb. (Blokaby); Nerissa, 8st 9 lb. (J. Woodburn). Betlb*-6 to a««tt MacunoM.ll to 8 agtt Patrol. 6 to 1 agst Charm, 100 to 15 agtt Viosaza, 7 to 1 agtt Jessamy, 10 to 1 eaoh agtt dlmonbn and ButUna, 100 to 3 agst St CyprU, SO to 1 agst Martenhunt Ibeiuaf fell at th* first attempt to a good start, and Jessamy on the bft made play from Patrol, with Macunoas, Charm, and St CyprU next, until rather less than a quarter of a mile from home, when Maonncas took np the ranning, and looked all over a wtnntr until he was challenged, Inside the dbUnce, by Simonian, who quickly got the best of the favourite, and won in a canter by a length ; five lengths divided the seoond and third '? Jessamy was placed fourth, Vloenza fifth, SuBiana sixth, Martenhurst seventh, Patrol eighth, St. Cyprift next, and Neritia Utt Time, 1 min. 2-5 sec. The Lincolnshire Handioap was decided on the Wednesday, and resulted in disaster to the favourites. Danbydale, who b a wonder in private but a rogue in pubUo, waa again served up very] warm. T. Loates, the fashionable jookey, had the mount this time, but the colt ran as badly as ever, and it would seem thai Captain Mauhell made no mistake in letting the half-brother to Bendigo leave his stable after the Ascot fiasco last season. Sweetbriar also ran badly, and in the end The Rejected— a real good performer, carrying a racehorse's weight— won comfort ably. The winner wat bred in Ireland, bat since he began to show such good form in England The Rejeoted'a sire, King of Trumps, has been purohased and brought acroat the Channel. Kind of Tramps it by Lord CHfden from the King Tom mare, Accepted, and he b foil of Touoh stone blood. The winnei was always In the market, and although he receded at the olote of the betting some good stakes were landed by his victory. The Rejected has made a record in connection with the race, tbe highest weight previously carried to victory in the race being 8 st. 7 lb. under Poulet was successful in 1882. Bendigo won under 8 it 5 lb. and Tonans and Tonohet each carried 8 st. 41b. THl LINCOLNSHIRE HANDICAP. ; ' Of 1,000 sovs., added to a Sweepstakes of 20 sots. each, io ft. 'unless declared ; second to receive 00 covs. out of the stakes. One'tiile. Mr. J. CNeiU's This Bejected. by Ktogof Tramps c -Accepted, era., 8 st U lb. (Biekaby) . 1 General O. WOnanu'fl Shimmer, 6 yn., 7 at 1 lb. (Bradbury .» .. .. _. - „ 2 Prince SoltykofFs Lord George, I yn., 7 si 8 lb. ' (Blake) _ .. « - - - - 8 Mr. J. Jewitf s Claribelle, i yri, 7 st 8 lb. (G. t Chaloner) * .. _ „ ... ... - 4 Also ran — Laureate, 9 st 2 lb. (J. Watts) ; Model, 8 st 1 lb. (Calder) ; Ormos, 8 tt. (U. Barrett); Manthorpe. 7 st 13 lb. (Fogan); Sweetbriar, 7 tt 9 lb. (Albop); Jezreel, 7 st. 9 lb. (8. Loates); Royal Star, 7 it. 6 lb. (Woodburn) ; Wooland, 7 st 5 lb. (Peake); Danbydale, 7 at 5 lb. (T. Loatos) ; Evergreen, 7 at 2 lb. (Ftlloon): Tommy Littlemouse, 7 st 1 lb. (Mailer) ; The Ghost, 6 st. 131b. (J. Wall); Dauntless, 6 st 71b. (Ohandley); Sabrina, 6 st (lindley); and Villijust, Get (Carter). Betting-4 to 1 agtt Danbydale, 9 to88weee- briar, 100 to 9 laureate, 12 to 1 Boyal Star, 100 to 8 Shimmer, 100 to 7 daiibelle, 16 to 1 Dauntless, 100 to 6 Nunthorpe, 18 to 1 Ihe B^eeted, 26 to 100 to 1 ethers. Then wat considerable delay at the post owing to the fraotiousness of Ormuz, but after several breaks away Lord Beresford dropped hb flag to a moderately good start Lord George, on the right centre, was first away, with Sweetbriar in the centre, hb immediate attendant, clear of Modele. the sext batoh on the lower ground being Shimmer, Danbydale, Ormuz, and Nun thorpe, who, wide on the top, were joat clear of The Rejected, Evergreen, Laureate, and Tommy Tittl»mouse. In thb order they ran until reaching the Old Junction turn, where The Rejeoted orossed over to the rails. Lord George still showed the way from Sweetbriar, Shimmer, and The Rejected, who were closely followed by Royal Star, Modele, Danbydale, Ormuz, Nunthorpe, Evergreen, and Claribelle at the head of the others, all of a cluster. When half the journey had been completed Danbydale was done, and quickly dropped to the tear, which remark applies also to Laureate, Ormuz, \ illejnst, Dauntless, and Woodland. Soon after Lord George was joined by Shimmer, with The Rejeoted on the rails, almost level with their heels, clear of Sweet briar, Danbydale, and Nunthorpe, Clatrbelle being in very close attendance with these. Reaching the New Ground 8himmer oame on from Lord George, with The Rejeoted at their quarters, the others at thb point being done with. Prior to reaohing the distanoe The Rejected had joined Shimmer, with Lord George now third, clear of Claribelle, the quartette being well In front of their opponents. Opposite the Stands The Re jeoted challenged Shimmer, and quiokly got ths best of General Owen William's grey mare. He eventually sailed borne an easy winner by a length and a half. Lord George, four lengths off, was third, and Claribelle, placed fourth by tbe Judge, was dose up. Evergreen finished fifth, Danbydale sixth. Tommy Tittlemonie seventh, Woodland eighth, Sweet Briar ninth, Dauntless tenth, Villrjust eleventh, Boyal Star twelfth, Ormuz thirteenth. The Ghost fourteenth, Jezreel fifteenth, Nunthorpe sixteenth, and Babrina seventeenth, the last pair being Laureate and Modele. lime, 1 min, 50 sec Value of the stakes, £1,455. Directly the curtain fell in Lincoln there was a ruin for Liverpool, where raoing began the next day. Here there wsa a slight im provement in weather, but the grouid was very treacherous, and the Grand National Steeplechase was simply a chapter of acci dents. There were some rich stakes decided on the first day. The Union Jack Stakes af 1,000 sov., whioh set the ball rolling, fell to tbe Duke of Westminster's Orwell by Bend Or from Lizzie Agnes. The Liverpool Hurdle Handicap brought out eight runners, and was won by Lord Calthorpe's Totcano, a highly bred colt by Petrarch from Boundary, who ran in some of the principal classic raoss last eeaton. For some time past thb oolt h&d; been in Nightingales bands, and his viotory made the stable more Baceuine than ever about Ilex for the Grand National The Molyneaux Stakes, of 800 boys., fell to Maouncas, by Uncas, from Kaiserin, the oolt that had run seoond to Simonian at Lincoln. There was a good handicap field of eleven for the Prinoe of Wales' Stakes, and victory rested with Shillelagh, by Brown Prinoe from Holly thorn, a five-year-old, in Captain Maohell's ttable, that had previously placed a Royal Hunt Cup to hb credit The Grand National was run on the second day, and as will be seen from the description of the races there were an unusually large f number of falls. Gamecock, Frigate, and Whynot were sup posed to be certain to get the country, but they all came to grief, and Ilex, who was the favourite almost from the tim* betting opened, oame home a very easy winner. THB GBAR1» NATIONAL STMPLKCHASE. Of 2,000 sovs. (Inolusive of a trophy value 100 sovs.}, by subscription of 20 sovs. eaoh, 15 ft., and 5 only if deolared; seoond to receive 200 sovs., and third 100 sovs. from the stakes. Grand National Course (about 4 miles and 856 yards, over the same line as lut year), Sixty-two subs., 21 of whom pay 5 sovs. each. Mr. O. Hasteman's Hex. by Bostrevor, fl yn., 10 et. 6 lb. (A. NishtlngaJl) - - ..1 Mr. B. Woodland's Pan, aged, 10 st. 6 lb. (Hakeyj -...._ I - - 2 Mr. J. Bntherford's M.P., Cged, U st 6 lb. (Mr. W. H. Moore) _-.-.„ 8 Alto ran -.-frigate, 12 st 7 lb. (Hr.T. T. Beatley); Gamecock, 12 st 6 lb. (Dol lery) ; Why Not, 12 st 5 lb. (Mr. C. J. Cun ningham) ; Battle Royal, 11 st 13 lb. (Mr. Wildman) ; Bellona, 11 at 9 lb. (H. Barker) ; Voluptuary, 11 it 7 lb. (Skelton) ; Emperor, 11 it 1 lb. (Mr. D. Thlrlwell) : Braoeborough. 10 it 131b. (Mr. Lawranoe) ; Fetiohe, 10 at 12 lb. (Baker); Hettie, 10 st 11 lb. (Mr. B. P. Wilson) : Baoey, 10 st 8 lb. (Mr. W. Wood land); Brunswick, 10 st 4 lb. (Mawson); Fireball, 10 st 4 lb. (Conner). B*tting-«tola«st.llex,llto S Belkma, 8 to 1 HP., lOto 1 Voluptuary. 100 to 0 Why Not 100 to 8 Battle Boyal, 100 to 7 Frigate, 100 to 6 emperor, eo to l Gamecock, 36 to i lelfche awl Settle, 100 to 1 othen. When the flag fell Gameoook, M.P., and firaoeborough got away on intida, with Vo luptuary. Bellona, Emparor, aad Baccy on th* outsidt, th* bat four being Frigate, Battle Boyal, Pan, and Fireball. On settling down into places Gameoook was showing the way, and went into the country In front of M.P., Brunswick, and Hex, with Pan, Why Not next, the last tars* now beUg Hettie, Belona, and Battle RoyaL Before reaching Btecher's Brook Why Not fell and Gameoook continued to show tha way, followed by M.P., Hex, and Brunswick, with Pan and Fireball next, Frigate and Volup tuary heading the others, of whom Bellona was last, except the remounted Why Not, who waa a field behind. After running a mile and ? half, Frigate, Hettie, and Baooy fell, and along the Canal aide Gameoook waa still showing tbe way In front of Ilex. M.P., aad Voluptuary, with Branswiok and Fttioh* next, andBattle RoyaL who bad fallen, but waa remounted, bit of alL Two fenosa further on Gameoook feU, and left the lead with M.P., who was followed by Hex. Brace borough, Fireball, and Pan, with Bellona bit. except Why Not and Battle RoyaL Btfon jumping on to tha notoomne Balloaa oame to grief, and Jumping en to the court* M.P. waa in front of Braoeberough, Bex, Fireball, and Pan to the fens* before the water, where Braoeberough fell Over the water Hex landed slkhtly ia front of M.P., with Fireball third, aad Voluptuary, Emperor, and Pan next, these being succeeded by Fetbbe. Branswiok, aad Why Not, with Battie Royal a quarter of a rnOe behind. As they enterM the oountry theatoond time, M.P. went on again clear of Hex, Firtball, and Pan, with Fettohle next to the atoond fenot, when he fell. Two feaoes further on, Fireball oama to grief, and at Valentine's Brook Voluptuary felftnd Skelton broke hb collar-bone. The race was now reduced to narrow limtta, and Ilex, taking up the running, was followed by M.P. and the Pan, a long way clear of Bruns wick, Emperor, aad Why Not, with nothing eltattandug. M.P. was beaten before jump Ing on tbe laotooune. and Hex, drawing right away, won with ridiculous ease by twelve Iwgths; bad third. Branswiok was fourth, Why Not fifth, aad Emperor next Nothing tit* oonptatbg tut oouret. Time, 10 mb. 41tteo. 