TRovelist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; OR, JLady Chetwyiid's Spectre. By Hits. HAIUSIET LEWIS. 1 ? 4 CJHAPTEH XIII.-(CONTINUED.) Bat now the door of the bath-room opened suddenly, and a Blender, white robed figure stole swiftly into the hall, ns if pursued, and glided like a beam of light Along the hall to the rear intersecting corridor. It was E&rnice;! Monk flew after her in his list slippers as silently as she. She ran fleetly down the.long hall and turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind her, They had scarcely passed boyond the great hall when Lord- Chetwynd opened the door of the bath-room, and came out in wild pursuit. ButBcrnice and Monk wero both beyond the range of his vision. The seeming spectre was flying along the dim corridor toward an unused portion of the extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another hall, from whioh a flight of stairs ascended, and went up the staira with still rapidity. Monk came swiftly a little way behind her. She must have been conscious of the pursuit, but still she did not cast a backward look ovd." her shoulder. Up one flight, then another, and Bernico had gained a region of unused attics in the more ancient portion of the dwelling. She ran across a dim passage into a little, bare and empty room, lit up by the moon light that streamed in at the dormer win dows. She had run into a trap, and seemed to realise the fact, for she ran about the room wildly, and then retreated to a farther corner, uttering a low, strange cry, and covering her face with her bands. . Monk entered the room, and closed the door. Bernice, in her moonlit corner, panted and trembled. Monk pushed the bolt home in its socket, and approached her. "Bernico 1" ha said, softly. The girl started, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with distended eyes. . " Gilbert 1" Bhe ejaculated. " I-I thought it,was Roy." "No, it is I. I heard from Mrs. Growl that you. had strangely disappeared from Mawr Cnstlo, and I knew you would come here.. I arrived myself only to-night," "With Boy? Oh, how ho is changed, Gilbert! My poor darling! How grave and stern he has grown ! And how his soul leaped out at me from his eyes ! He is looking for me now. Hark I Is he coming this way?" "No, Bernice, These rooms have not been used in years. Ho will not find you," " I must go to him," cried the girl, in her sweet, impetuous voice. " Now-now this minute I ? I knew you were at'the Park, and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but you were not there. - Release me from my oath. I must 50 to my husband." " Bcrnice, listen to me. I have something to'say to you first-'' "Not a word. Why, he's looking for mo now. He thinks me a ghost. Belcase me from my oath. I musi po to him. Is ho calling? Let mc go, Gilbert. In God's name, let mo go to my husband 1" "Not yet, Bernice-not until you listen to what I have to say," said Monk, firmly. *' Ohetwynd thinks you a spectre, as you say. Ho will, go back to bis room presently. There's time enough; but you must listen to me." " Then speak quickly. How can I wait ? He thinks me dead-he wants me-" ."Howdo you know that he wants you ?" asked Monk, in crjsp, hard tones. " Bernice scarcely seemed to understand. Monk repeated.the question. '. How do I know 1 Why, because f want him: . Oh,Hove him so! I must go to him. Release me from my oath, Gilbert-" " Hear me first. Bernice, I have thought you the bravest, the noblest, the most gener ous of women, but you are selfish like the reat. You are not capable of self-sacri fice-" " What self-sacrifice ?" asked the girl, in a eharp whisper. "Are you capable of a sublime self-abne gation?" demanded Monk, his black eyes all aflame. "Can you immolate Self on the altar of your husband's happiness ? I have Jlioaght that there was .'a you the ctufr of which martyrs are made but, ah! you are like all th'e rest, regardful only of your own natty lore. And yet there have been women what have caenlioed themselves for their husbands--" _ "Gilbert, what do -ycu mean?" cried Bernice, her ? voice ringing sharply on the air. "What was your last act before falling into the trance in which you were consigned to your tomb ?" asked Monk, in & stem voice. Bernice scorned about to answer, but paused, deathly white, You remember ? Your last act was to clasp the .han^a of Chctvwnd and Sylvia Monk together. And what was your last .words?" . , No answer c:uno from the girl a white lips. She began to understand his drift. " Your last words were to beg_ Cihetwynd, ifler a milr.b'y so:wn of mourning for you, to rnar-y Sylvia Moa!:," declared 'u ?iis nnr-fionlecs voice. "Was itnotso? Dcrnice looked at him dumbly, a world of ri.-.therinrj v.*oa in her greas vivid eyes or r'loORl.1 T . ? * " v0r do not conlrr.diev me. ioar last ..t... /Vers "--on? .-comio.T death to reunite those two who had been so terriblj parted.' And they were glad yon gave tbem back to each other. After consigning you to the burial vault, Cbetwynd returned home and j hart a private interview with Sylvia. In i that interview, ail was made straight be tween them. Chetwynd thought it best to spend the year of his mourning abroad, and ho went. He would not expose his future wife to malicious comment. He returned to day, This very evening Chetwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Your day ;s past-it is another's now 1 Your place is* filled. You are not wanted here. The revelation that you live will only bring dismay and honor. Bernice, from my soul 1 pity you ! My heart bleeds for you 1" The girl drooped silently on her knees in the wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast, " There have been women," said Monlr, after a long silence, " so self- abnegating that upon such a return to life they would go away in -silence, without revealing the blasting secret of their continued life. Are there such women now?" There was n long and terrible pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for her response, but he had Jong to wait. At last her low and broken voice cut sharply through the stillness, with the words : " but I am his wife, you know. We said, . until death do ua partand I'm not dead, Gilbert. , His second marriage, while I live, would be illegal." [ " Not so. Death annuls all ties. You I seemed to die, and were buried. You are sopposed to be dead-yon are dead, in the eyes of the law,,: said the villain, with an air of reluctant sincerity. "If you were to reappear, it ia possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to make you Chetwynd's wife, I repeat, | that in the eyes of the law you are dead. Chetwynd's second marriage wonld'be legal and valid." . The gir', brought up in a far island of the sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an English school-girl is well informed, having implicit reliance upon and faith in the man who had rescued her from the tomb, believed him I " I wila go away," she said, in a voice so strange that Monk hardly recognised it. '' I am a;ad in the eyes of the law. It will be no crime for them to marry. I heard him call her his 'promised wife;' I saw him l:is3 her. Tliey shnll be happy. I love him so well that I will die even for his sake 1" "And you will go back to Mawr Castle?" The pirl nodded dumbly. " I'll find Flack. He shall hire a carriage, and drive you to some station beyond East bourne, It would not be well for you to be seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will ac company you back to the castle. You have dona a brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing up Roy, Bernice. I admire you for your sublime self-sacrifice. I will make your future my charge. I will be your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Wait here, Bernice, while I go to find Flack and send him for the car riage. I will return and see you safely out and on your way with him." Bernice again nodded assent^ and he went out, leaving her alone in the bare, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. He made his way down to the edge of the park, and readily found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of the trees. Monk communicated the fact of his success, and sent his ally to the little inn at Chet wynd-by-Sea for the required carriage. Having seen him depart, fully instructed. Monk stole back again into the house. All was still now in rooms and corridors. Ho crept along the dim passages, and ascended the stairs to the attics. He entered the little room in which he had left Bernice. She was not there I He stood as if trans fixed. What had bapp3ned ? Had sho been dis covered ? Had she repented her self-sacri fice ? Ilis wild eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor in the broad sheen of the moon light. He hounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Bernice's noto-book, and there was writing on it. Ho struck a fusee, and read the irregularly scrawled words. They had been written by Bernice, and wcio as follows: " GILBERT : I have given him up. I shall respect my oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him yet. One more look at his dear face-to hear his voice again to see him sleeping-surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for me, I may go. back to Mawr Castle in time-not now. My only thought now is that ho is here and I must be near him, myself unseen." That was all. Monk sought for her through all the hours of that night. He listened at Chetwynd's door ; he was in an agony of unrest and foreboding, for his search was in vain. He did not find her I 