THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Koy&l.; " Dora," and " Tbe Rarrieter." —Alexandra Theatre. "Sweet Laveudor." —PrinceSB' Tboatro. "Jjittlo Lord FauutJercy." — liijju Theatre, " Joseph's Sweetheart." -Opora House. " 3?occaccio." —Victoria HaH. The U.S. Minstrels. —Waxworks aud Museum. A Host of NoveUios. —Cyclorama. Battle of NVatorloo. —St. George's nail is about to bo doue up. —TJieCogiJl Brothers' sale takes place at St. Goorgeg Sail to-day. — Slade Murray is expected to retutu to Melbourne in about a fortnight. —Cogill's No. 2 Company at latest were doiug avert* good business iu Hobart. —All old friend, Mr. W. II. Vernon, baa been directiuc a performance at Toole's theatre. —Tlumourpd that Fred Hiscock ;is about to orgauisba now show. Well, the more tbe merrier I —Pat and Ella Murphy, " the genuiuo representatives of Irish comedy," left on last Saturday's boat forlioadon. — Mr. A1. Bootbman has been specially enpiqed to plav Tybalt iu the Princess' production of "Komea aud Juliet." — At the Centenary Hal], York-street, Sydoey, Rir Charles, Lady Hal)£ aud tbe Montaguo- Turners opeueii for a brief season on the 18th. —Tbo Lynch Family Bellriugcrs are contiuuin« a very successful career iu South Aasir&lia;, aud at latest, daio were visiting Gawler, An gas to u and Kapunda. ~Now, we're not bard to please, but we did expect to hear of Teddy H&ygartb; being Bpeciailv engaged to play Nat GoBlingin the Koyal production of " Fiyiug Scud.' —A cable message states that Mr. Terris bas recovered £200 from Miss Cornwall for publishing a statemeot in tbe Svvflay Tmirs that he waB coldly received iu America. —That popular Australian actor, Charles Holloway, who lias not heeu in tbe very best of health for some time past, is about to return to Melbourne to take a wellearned reBt. —New Zealand papers state that Wirth's Circus is the best that over came to New Zealand. The trouble is, according to tbo PresB. that there is not room enough for the immense attendances that roll up. —Mr. David James, tb© famous colleague of Mr. Thorne in "Our Boys,' is suffering so terribly from an alTectiou of tbe eyes that it is out of the questiou that he c&u; appear on tbo boards again for some time to come. —Tbe black boom has burst upon Sydney in the slmpo of Charlie Hicks' Minstrelp, who are putting up that tender novetty " Uncle Tom's Cabin, with its w<iird and raver.ic slave molodies." Further 0 particulars 41 see small bills, —Whatever Miss Millie Herbert does she does well, aud her able aud spirited rendering of "The Daughters n( Australia" on the occasion of Harry Jlickards' benefit met with au enthusiastic encore. Miss Millie made quite a feature of tbo 6ong. —Toole, as might be expected, is a big success in Sydney, at the Criterion. "The PArvenu," with " School," underlined for early repreBeutatiou, whilst WilliAin llignold. in "AfterDark," continues tbe big attraction at Her Majesty's Theatre. —That printer agaiu 1 Tn our last issue we omitted to mention the Tudors in connection with Harry Iiickards' new company. We hasten to rectify the error, for, mind you, John and Stella contribute some of tbc most enioyable items in tbo show. —" A member of the profession " going into one of our music-balls on tbe dead-bead racket the other evouiog was told by the ticket-taker," You must see the manager, sir." At which the M". of tbe P. tbreatnnod to throttle tbe doorkeeper. It wouldn't be a bad idea to keep such M'a of the P. on a chain. —Is it necessary to remind playgoers of Melbonroo that on Saturday a grand complimentary send-off is about to betandered Herbert Fiemming at the Theatre Royal ? Hardly, for all tbe footlight favourites are about to assist, aud every man, womau and child amongst up are already clamouring for ticketP. A big house Rather 1 —Jimmy Walsh, a really good little performer, who ought to be iu a good collar, but who isu't, now thinks about giving Footscray a turn. Some time back he ran weekly shows with such success that tbe townspeople tendered him a complimentary benefit. If WalBh fiiil6 to make tbiugs hum in Footscray, nobody else need bother about trying. —Mr Cbas. Warner's benefit will give us the first, third and fourth acts of Hamlet," with Mr. Warner as the! Prince, Mr. Dampieras w the Ghost, and Miss Gram Warner as Ophelia. The benejjeiaire will also appear iu the third act of "Captain Swift." Miss Nellie Stewart will take part, and there will be soncs and dances by ft, W. Jioyee, George Walton, Sydney Deane, and others, Mr. Warner will also make a farewell address, A bumper bouse is a certainty. —We have received the following, wbicb speaks for itself:—Melbourne, lGth June, 1890. Dear Pukch.-1 have been requested, on bebalf of my brother professionals who were recently deserted at Wangaratta, to reply to Manager Ha&lewood;'s letter wbicb appeared in your last issue. In bis letter be states the members io question were in fault themselves, as they positively refused to perform. Just so But ho does not say how that very morning Mr. Hugo spat both In my face a»d that of bis own brotbor. at the same time calling us all liars, cadgers, loafers, and all such choice language he could poBBibly lay his tongue to; telling ub to clear out, as be could do without ue, <fcc. Of course, we could not stand this treatment (no living man could) and on oor arrival at Waugaratta we demanded our salarios before going on tbe etaee, which has been owing to some of uefor over eleven weeks. He would not pay as, so we refused to appear, hence the smash. Mr.Hazlewood also states that tbe money for our fareB was in tbe hands of Mrs. Hugo. Now, there woe no necessity for bim to tell us that, as no one knew better than ourselves that it was not in our bands; if it bad been, we would have been able togot to Melbourne witbout having to ask tbe townspeople to oesiat us, which tbey so liberally did. Then, again, if Mrs. Hugo bad the money for our fares, why did Bhe not leave it for us, and not go to Melbourne and lea re oar hoses &Dd; ourselves in Wangaratta ? Moreover, we were there one whole day and night after tbey bad left, and heard nothing from either bim or ber, aud I firmly believe that we should bave been there til] tbie day bed it sot been for tbe kindness of tbe people of Wangaratta, whose names and subscription list 2 still bave in my possession. J n conclusion. Mr. Editor, I mu6t honeBtly say that we hare been, one and all, treated in a very shameful manner by our late proprietor, and, considering that four of tlie people be left stranded in Wangaratta are owed by him £45194.9d. (without their tares to Melbourne), I t hi tit you will agree with me that we bave not been treated the beet in the world. However, as there is a probability of oor case being further sifted, I will aek your readers to kindly wait till that day arrives, when tbey will be able to read and judge for themselves on tbe merits ol this case. Thanking you in anticipationon bebalf of my brother professionals for inserting this letter in justice to us.—1 remain, yours truly, AlfSantlky, late manager Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels. M Princess-street, Filzroy. P.S.—Our late pianist, Mr. Harry Sinclair, left Ma] boarue for Sydney, ss a steerage passenger, to join bis wife there without a sixpence. Ho ii owed £4 IUj. during tbo trip li-jui Sydney to Albury. 