| . Iftoveltst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; OR, Lady Chetwynd's Spectre. BY MUS. HARRIET LEWI3 CHAPTER XVI. IjADY DIANA NOIITIIWICK. Lady Diana Northwick, celebrated for her beauty and scintillant wit, was a most ac complished coquette and woman of society ; and Lady Fortescue might well feel appre hensive lest the great explorer, so long un used to ladies' socioty, should fall a victim to her alluring beauty. But'the distinguished explorer seemed by ?fy no means ready to fall upon his knees a cap tive to the cbarnwof Lady Diana, He rc $ garded her with a cool cynicism that piqued fi her, and yet his manner was full of a gentle $'? courtesy that showed that he had not !^j always been a stranger to a lady's drawing j* room. Lady Diana was greatly impressed with .& his appearance. It would be something, ahe thought, with the instincts of the coquette all aroused by bis cool cynicism, to |& bring a man like this to her feet. 'I would like to subdue his pride,' wV thought tho beautiful coquette, 44 I can do (* ? it| and I willl By tho by, I wonder if Lv there's a Mrs. Tempest ? My success will p? binge upon that.' p ? . She soon bad an opportunity lo satisfy pj M lier curiosity, Aa she was slowly H promenading with Tempest, he made a ^ remark about having no friends or relatives [ill . in England. I' Pardon me,' said Lady Diana, ' but you excitc my curiosity. Havo you no family ties, Mr. Tempest ?' 11 Nono whatever, Lady Diana.' Lady Diana looked surprised, but in her heart she was pleased. Her object of sub duing this haughty cynical celebrity was not likely to be interferred with by a possible Mrs Tempest.' . J ' -7' Tempsst'a wit was ris brilliant as her own av.d Lhey* became absorbed in conversation, : which they kept up until the little fernery where thoy had'passcd became filled with groups of lovers, and tliey then returned to the drawing-room. They,presently bccamc separated, and did not meet again throughout the evening £ until Lady Diana came 'down from the dress 'i : ing room, shrouded tn a white opera cloak 'j. and hood, when Tempcafc stepped forward q with grave courtesy and offered her his arm 5 to conduct her to her carriage. LordTenta i luour pprauc forward just an instant too ] late. Lady Diana laid herlittle gloved haud I on Tempest's arm, and walked beside him J . out at the open doorway, down tho. carpeted ( stone steps under the gay awning, and. was [ i assisted by the returned traveller into her ; ' carriago, j She bestowed; upon him a .bowilching ? smile, and asked liini to call upon her at her houso in Pa^k Laoe, saying that she would ! always bo atbomctohim. Tempest accepted the invitation gravely, and bowing deeply, stepped back, giving placc to Lord Tenta mour, who,, with a displeased air, entered the carriage, as it rolled away, Tempest ascended the Bteps and re-entered the house, \- grimly smiling. The day after Lady Fortescue's party Lady Diana Northwick stood at uno of the broad \- plate-glass French windows of her. 'own * drawing room, 'in' her stately house j at South Audley street, looking out idly j ? yet with an expectancy unknown to herself. £ Before' the bright hearth stood her lover, s . to whom she was said to be betrothed— j . Lord Tentamour. He was evidently irri R tated and annoyed. One might have deemed 8 that. the noble piir ha 1 been quarreling, I but' -for the quiet impassivemss of the I lady'scold and haughty face, and the ox | -pression of weariness in her mauniiiciyj S azure eyes, . | ' I begin to believe that people. ar,* fi^ht, 8 Diana, and that you havo no heart,' said ?|4. Lord Tentamour,- bitterly, -i' You have III ~ played fast and. loose witb ino for years ; / you havo always held__m? aUarms' length, 1 and tieated:me mor^'jh an ordinary friend R* . ? than as yoitf^ccpptcd lover and promised ? huBbjwrf,*''l am tired of all this.' I '^If .you are 4 tired of all thiV' soid Lady B . BjAna, coldly., .'you -can , llinr off my y jfcckles. Twill givo you back your liberty. the wholn, perhaps that course might be ^^^Best,' ? refuse to accept it 1' cried L^rd Tenta the angry flush derpening in his faeo, ^^^^Hpiana, you areeru'jl. ;; 1 b«;iievo, as people ^^^^^^^kthat you wer? born without.a huirt. I your betrothed husband for more than I likiv to count. You an' not mo well. T demand that our long ^^^^^^^uement, terminate at orce in marriage. you no further grace. ? Xou shaU within month.' ^^^^^^^By Diona^mt^jialircheeXs kindled Thi^ ll.uno on Lady J)ianu*s cheeks burnL yet mure vividly. M I have not appointed you my father con fessor, Lord Tentamour,' sho said, looking mora attentively from tho window. 'I was civil to t is nierii, dark-browed traveller, scarcely more.'1 'You Ciili.it baro civility to devote to Iiitn a full hour out of your evening— to question him in regard to his adventures — to app ar awed nnd thrilled aud delighted by linns, *nd to exhibit an interest in him you rarely exhibit towards evun me/' said L'ird 'IViitatnour, with jealous veheiueuce. ' I sen that you are interested in him. I insist, Diana, that a stop bu put to your ooquotiieu, I duuaud again that ycur engagement lo mo be fulfiled immediately. I will not wait for you longer. Great Heaven ! L-mk at tho years I havo wnated in danci.i^ attendance upon you. My sub pense must cease to-day. You nuuit name our bridnl day.' In his jealous pis*!t»u, hia lordship as sumed a il.*o atoria! air that aiouscd Lf.dy Diana's difiant auger. S!ie turned away from the vvii'dow an I apprcnehid him, her b!ue eyeibiazintr, her lips curled in se-'rn and aversion. Sho pulled from one slender forefinger a ring net with an immense diamou-l, and dropped it into Teutainour's hands in haughty silence. ' Diana ! What doL-s this mean ?' ' It means that you arc free—and that 1 am aiso free 1 Jt. moans that you have no longer a right to vtut your jealous rage : upon inc. I am - tired of thes* sceaes. I have deterred our marriage froui year to year for reasons which you know as well as I. Our engagement is terminated at l»ftt. I advise y»:u lo woo and win some one more mock nnd submissive thau i.' I 'And yqu mean that it is all over between I us ?' j ' All over, my lord. We cor.se to he lovers, 1 but we may, if you choose, bb friends.' ; Jlia lordship laughed Utterly and sneer ingly, and turned the precious gem over and over in his handi. llo was on the point of bursting forth into .tierce repioacht8; wht-n a resounding knock was heard on the bouse door. A moment later, the (all, becalved footmr.n ushered into ihe drawipg.room the great Tartar explorer, Rasil T-. mpi st. Lord Tentamour thnst the beiri/M.al ting iu his pocket and determined doggedly to give the new-comer no advantage, but lo outstay him and renew the broken engage 'ment. He would not give up his beautiful betrothed, and he had sufficient confidence in himself to bidicvc that be could win her back. Mr, Tempest cainc in, grave and couiteous, his dark, stern face wearing its usual com manding expression, and his cool, keen eyes taking in the 'discomfort of Tentamour's situation at a glancc. H.e was conscious, even before a word had been spoken, that Lady Diana and Tentamour had quarrelled, but he gave no sign in his luflnner of his discovery. Lady Diana greeted him with a smile that stung Tentamour as a covert insult to him self, 'I am delighted to roe you, Mr. Tempest, *' said the lady, with charming rourt«sy, giv ant her 1 and. to the explorer, ' It is pleas ing to find that among so many claimants upon ycur attention, you have not forgotten me.' Tempest made a plea?ant response, and then exchanged greetings with. Lord Tenta mour. The two gentleman did not shnk« hands, but they exchanged glauces of dis like, and were from that moment enemies. , Lady Diana won the explorer to speak of himself and bis adventures, which \w. did with modest eass and grace. Lord Tenta mour listened with a perceptible sneer. . ' Do you know,' said Lady Diana. r- ilec lively, ' I admire cxcessively.a'l tidsdarinir, ibis disregard, of luxuries and comforts, this devotion to science ; but I fear I have not in me the stuff of which explorers are made. After one of those Ions: ten-hour rides which you describe, through a drizzling rain, I should long for a warm fireside, and refuse to be comforted with a bed on . thr iJunt 1 ground. And, although I am mi' very fond | of my ltiii-i, I still shoaW*r\;'efer to see now- then an English ea£/SSiiancu instead of those round Moji^ulian faces,' 'I never jxjjericnced n desire to bcc an English fac»,' remarked Tempest. 'In truth, I wiu not likely to -inert many of tl i lyy, . i p.— iTo th e r n China 'or thereabouts. The' British traveller, ns a rule, clings lo tho well- beaten uutes. I have been away from Enyhind for a^core of years, more or less, nnd in all that^me I scarcely met with one ot my c(»un*rv/»en. I avoided them on my return to England, being something of a mis.int.hrope/ hut in my very avoidance of then I fell in with one upon a steamer in which 1 sail'jd from Genoa to Marseilles, and I felt drawn to him as if he had been my own son. vile was a noble young fellow, ns fair as a ^irl naturally, but his face was bronzed by\ Eastern suns. His eyes were blue— as blue* nB your own, Lady Diana. He looked delicate, yet I do not doubt his slender frame wm aa strong as steel. He- bad the soul of a lion in his light and Bupplo frame. He w?s su marquis, although .so young. His name vasLord Chetwynd. Do you know him?' V 41 1 knew his mother,' said Lady Diana, 41 Lady Chetwynd married a swarthy Indian colonel, who was .poor, and had two children by a wife he married and who died in India. They say the first Mrs. Monk was a half cantc. and I think the atofy may be true, for Miss Monk is swarty aud litis an East Iudian look! Lady Chetwynd became Lady Barbara Monk—1 all fo; love,' as the song says. The colonel must liavc fascinated her, ns suakeB fascinate birds. He was not a winning sort of man. This young Lord Chetwynd made a romantic'marriagc, and his wife died soon afterward. The marriayo wns a misalliance. He was engaged to Miss Monk ; and, by.^fte' way, they are now re-engaged, arul.tf-fii 6bon he married. They had a lojf/a^qiiarrel.aDd he went away in his yacAt to fforway and the Ilnbridean grmy?*t-I islands, and in a fit of pjque at jyK^fonk married a plain little island giri1, who had be^n adopted by the island pastor, and educated as a lady. Theie wa?*not a gentleman's family on the island fXcept the minister's. And Lord Chetwynd brought that child — she was only sixteen or seventeen — to reign as mistrees of Chetwynd Park. It was a second edition of Lord and Lady Biuleigh. The grandeurs of her new position overwhelmed the young island girl, nnd she died some two months after her ad vent in England. Lady Chetwynd, with all her shortcomings, was a wonderful young creature, the more to be admired when one reflects that the island of St. Kilda is a mere rock, inhabited by a rude and ignorant peasantry. Mr. Tempest's face grew suddenly white. u What island did you say, Lady Diana? ' be as';ed. eageily. . ' St. Kilda ; a bit of rock some two miles by three, with mountain pcaks and a village on the little bay. Tbo islaud Is uot Well known,' fc -The story interests mu strangely, 'said 'ir T-mprst, ir. a voice that had suddenly ?crown husky. 'Such romantic marriages aro rare ; ami, besides, Lord Chetwynd is ray friend, lie-has asked me down to Cbetwyiid Park. I tis odd that he should havo married a fisher {iirl. What was her name?' V. 44 iVernica Gwellan. 0 Id, \b it not?' ahe jucyiired. ? ??^^LAvrst : verted Ids face and did not ^^^B^^^B^uiircd all hia and power emotions Tiie discovery held Mm spccchlces, but Lord Tentamour filled up the silence with Boino remark and Tempest's agitation waa uunoticed. Tc.u pest conquered his emotion ns the lion* tamer conquers hiB beaota in their cage. He commanded biuiself with a will that seemed of iron. And atthough his face was pale, aud his black oyes atrangcly eombre, yet his tone was careless as he said, iu hiB usual voice : ' The story is very entertaining. Its beauty is spoiled by tlfe fact of Lord Chct* wynd's expsctrd second marriage. Hut perhLps that is well. He is young, and Miss Monk wn*, you say. his first lt)Tc. I will take a run down to Chetwynd Park after a few days, and see my fellow-traroUer,' con tinued Tempest. ' Shall you go back 'oTartary in a month, Mr. Tcmp&st; asked Lady Diana. 'Ifjou auswer in Ihe nllinnntive, I shall thiuk Lon don has lost all its attractions.' ' I may stay longer thau I at first in tended,' rep'.itd the explorer. ' My plans are Udtyutauttlcd. I begin to fear,' aud he directed an a Im'ritig look toward her lady ship, 4t that Lmdon— or South Audley street — has too many attractions for me, nnd will hold me here wheu 1 should be gone.' Lord Tentamonr looked displeased. ?* Lady Diana and I were speaking of you before you came in, Sir, Tempest,' said his lordship, stiffly, 11 and in admiring your ex ploits came naturally to speak of your family. Are you of tho Durham Tom pests /' 41 1 im a connection of that family,' said the explorer coolly. L--rd Tentamour, having expected a nega tive, w«is sibneed. , Tempest prolonged his call to tho limits of propriety, and then rcsc to take leave. Other guests arriving at the moment, nothing re mained for Lord Teutamour but to depart with his rival. Lady Diana invited the ex plorer to call again, aud Tempest uoliccd 1 ii.it her betrothal ring, which he had ob served on the previous night, was obsent from her linger. This feet, added to Tenta mour's ailcnce nnd suppressed anger, con vinced him that the engagement between the noble pair had been broken that very day. He laid up the fact for future use, and hade her good mor.'iing with an imfvessement that seemed to indicate an extreme admira tion for her. The rivals— for Lord Tentamour saw in Tempest au actuai rival — emerged from the house together. At the foot of tbe stepa they halted on the pavement. Tempest raised his hat in adieu, but Lord Tentamour detained him. 4- ilow long are you likely to be in Eng land, fcir?' inquired his lordship. 41 It ii impossible to say, my lord, I in tended to n (urn to China within a month. As [ f»-cl now 1 may never go back.' 44 You have come to this decision since you entered Lady Diana Northwick's house tbis afternoon ; is it not so?' ??Your astuteness doe3 yon credit, my lord. It is so.' Lord Tentamour's face deepened in its sullen flush of rage. . 44 Am I to understand that you are one of Lab* Diana'a numeroub victims?' he ariecrod, 'Are you, like fo many others, striving to win the rich young widow?' 44 The lists arc open to all,' said Tempest, quietly. 44 I conclude that no engagement of marriage exists between you and Lady Diana, since 1 saw no betrothal ring to day upon her finger. Aud if- she ia not bound by any ties I shall seek to win her. I am frank wit.h you. 1 admire Lady Diana. I place myself as your rival. K I can win tier i will marry her. Let her choose between us, my lord. If she prefers you it wiilbcall right, and I'll go back to Tartary. If she lovts mo 1 shall regard myself as a fortu nate man, and shall marry ber before the summer is over. A clcar field is all I.osk.' ? ? 41 You are cool,' said TentcvmOur, with a scowi. ,l The ladv is my promised wife. I fo» bid ynji-uuei ^jons to her.' 'i3o one cau {|orbid them but the lady tTerself. If she : Jer's that they are unwel come, or that 's! j prefers to marry y«u, 1 t will retire ns gra fully as may be. But tho fact stands, uiy I !d. You aud I are rivals, nnd I shall mair 'Lady Diana. Noithwick if I can,' lie boned con tcously to the enraged lord nnd passed ou', on lpteb xvii; It Alt EE [ltD HER VICTIil. The bustle of o Hreat preparation prevaded Chetwwid Pari j] The announcement of Lord Ch'twynd ^betrothal to Sylvia Monk had beon public /made, and had appeared in the K»stboun' ) local uewspapers, and in the London fash mablc journals. The mar riage wns lo tak- place the third week in Juno, and it w } now the first week in April. ? Miss Monk ha« an insatiate aud ungovern able Invo of lnxu y. She drow liberally upon Lord Ohctwynd'J purse. She intended that her bridal outfit should rival that of the Princess Louise.! Despite her indolent nature, she never tired of trying on new garments, jewels And shawls, and her morn ings were all Bpjnt in hor dressing-room among her dressmakers and her fineries/ She tried to feel secure iu her good fortun-^. Her betrothal hall been m«*de public^sd what could happsji to again break ofjftheir marriage ? \ / Ah ! what ? She know that/ Bernice Chetwynd lived, Ind the fear *vns noyer absent from hefguilty sourest Bernicc should reveal hijaelf to Jgfoetwynd, and claim her old plactin his and home. By day and by i|ghtj6 haunting dread possrBSgd^^(?^,^,~?v^-r,,; ^Tf/is was telling on her. How was she to endure it for three mouths ? Why did not Bernicc come forward?' Why did she hide herself, no ono knew where, like a guilty person? Sylvia tormented herself with these questions, but could not answer them. Gilbert Monk stayed on at the Park, secretly searching for Bernice, and was inexpressibly anxious and troubled. If Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were fully oc cupicd, Lord Chetwynd was not less bo. His occupation was of the most practical description. Ho was busy with the memorial school which waa to perpetuate the namo of Bernicc. He interested himself in tbis project as he bad interested himself in nothing since ho bad lost his young wife; He thought other con tinually. His project seemed to bring him nearer to her. . One eyehlhg, afterdinner, Lord Chetwynd walked oyer to tho bailiff's villa, intentupon some new amplification of hiai favorite idea of the school, and old llagce stalked silent ly afar off in the shadows, and watched, in fear and trembling, to see if Bernice would not appear. Chetwynd spent the evening in bis bailiff's office, discussing business. ' If was after ten o'clock when* be took his leave and set out upon his return homo by a private path .traversing the park. . \ ; The moon had' risen in mellow glory, and its soft light lay in broad streams upon, tho ? Wide avenues. In the narrower* paths the light flickered down in tremulous showers though the rifts in the trees. Tbe: stars were glowing softly in the blue azure of the heavens; Such a light as this TLofd Chet wynd had knownin St. Kilda. 'Here, as there, ;tho ' waves : beat iu' the distance ori-the rocks like pulses, ' and Chetwynd Iu ih»; broad sheen of the moonlight, a few yards in advancc of him,' at a point where a wide avenne crossed ihe uarrow path wbich Lord Chetwynd was trcadiug, he saw a slender figure in white, her facu turned to him, her arm3 outstretched to ward him. He baited spell-bound. . She seemed a vision too ethereal for human ity. He believed then, aa ho had not be lieved before, in spite of his lack of super stition and his contempt for tlio stories «*.f su pernatural, and h») was looking upona disem bodied spirit 1 He believed that ho beheld Bcrnicc, but llernicc freed from nil mortal incumbrance, as she had comeback to him, from her home ij heaven. Ho did not ! reason— he only felt. She was dressed in the white silk robe in which he had consigned her to the tomb. It trailed after ho? on the ground. Iier neck was bare, the lace frills of her Pompadour corsage tihing rouud it like foam. Her long dusky hair trailed over her shouldc.rs like a cloud. Ho could even bcc every feature of her radiant beauty in the soft sheen of the moonlight. Her face bad a mournful, yearning look that went to his soul. He dared not advauco lest, ahcshould fade from his sipht. Aud bo ho stood cntrauced, scarcely daring to breath, devouring her with his eyes. The reucontio, bo dramatic and sensa tional, had not been planned by Bernicc. She was as much surprised ns Chetwynd, and she was also spell-bound. She had spent all thc3o days sincc her last appearancc to him iu a lonely garret above the very attics in the unused tower of the great house of Chetwynd Park. In this secluded and hidden retreat, of which Monk bad never even thought, Ijpmioo livsd her strange, desolate, mournful exist ence, Sho had carried up to her retreat a storo of blankets, which she had managed to secure from the rooms below. Sho had also brought with hor from Mawr O'ustlo changes of garments, enough for all her needs. In her dingy garret ahe wore her gray travelling robes and a long waterproof c'oak, preserving her white silk gown un soiled. She brought hither aUo stores of food from the pantry, larder and store room, and had procured severa*. bottles of wine frou: the butler's pantry iu tho night. Her object in thus remaining on at the Park ahe did uot know herself. She only! felt that dhc could not go. She was bound | by an oath, which she was loo religious not to hold sacrcd, not to reveal the fact that ehe lived to her husbanr, except with Gil bert Monk's consent. He had refused that consent; and, indeed, she would not now have asked for it. She had no wish to re turn from the grave unwelcomed. Shu believed that all mourning for ber was past, that her place was filled, and that she was forgotten. She would not return to claim a place in which another bad becu installed. She only wished that she had died. Sho had borne the closeness and dtnginrss of her garret uutil a longing had come over her to inhale again the fresh air, and to watk in the park. She was weak from want of exercise, nnd on this night had robed herself in her white burial robe, as a matter of precaution against detection, nud hnd thrown nbout her her. black cloak, aud had stolen out into the pnrk unseen by nny of thu inmates of the house. Arrivud'in the park, and finding the air mild, she had Hung aside her cloak, and was carrying it on her If Chctwynd'a sensation at beholding her was ono of rapture, hers was one of terror. Sho trembled in her fear of dis covery. ? Tliey reganJerf— e^ciT' 0ther-,*I^- fiome momenta. 'in~ a strange' silence. Caut^' wvrid's breath came heavy and pant .Itigly. His eyes were wild and alart -ug. Suddenly, without a word or cry, te loaped forward *ud rau toward her hpadlotig. ^crnice retreated before him iu instinc tive flight. .lie-pursued. She could almost hear his frenzied breathing. He cam.; on with a swift rnch, as if he meant to Beizo her whether she were human or spirit. She turned into the wide avenue and fled like adecr. She would not be taken. Turn ing into an obscure path near at hand, Him caught up her dress and flung around her her black cloak. Then she halted behind a tree, concealing herself. Chetwynd went by along the path swiftly in a blind pntHuit.. He -had lust flight of the glorious vision, but he prayed -id it again— only once again. Bernice listened umil the sound of his tread had died away in the distance. She was panting and frightened, wild-eyed and trembling. She crepc forth from her con cealment and entered tho park again. She did not glance behind her, else she would havo seen the, -Tall, shadowy figure cf the old East Indian woman stalkibg silently on tbe dark border of the path. But ltagec saw herfand knew her. And 6itddcnly, as Hemic# stole along thp lonely path— Chet- wynd far beyond hearing — the old woman launched herself forward in a swift pauther spring, and hurled herself upon Bernicc, Rearing her to the earth in the violence of her onslaught. 44 I've got you at la3t, have I ?' hissed the witch-like old woman, holding the girl iu her iron grip. ' And now, if you please, we'll come to a settlement.' . The suddenness of the old East Indian woman's attack upon her for an instant paralysed tbo young Marchioness of Chet wynd, but she did not faint nor shriek. Tho moment her brief stupefaction began to clear away, she turned upon her assailant, fighting like a little tigress. She was in a panic of mortal terror, and sho struck out blindly, with all tbe energy of an utter des peration. She Bnecdily discovered that she -was but as a child in the iron grasp of h^r assailant. Ragee'a muscles were of ateel. - A desperate fury animated the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage, also, not having relaxed her first hold on Bernice, and the girl, pant ing and breathlesB, wild-eyed and trembling stood still at last, and looked over her Bhoulder at her enemy with a wild and hor rified gaze. 44 Who ia it?' Bernice whispered, pant ing. 44 It is I— old Itagee,' hissed the Hindoo woman in tbe girl's ears. T-be expression in Bernice's eyes deepened Into amazement end tenor. Sho made another vain effort to free herself. Then she whispered : ' What d-- you want of me ? What is the meaning of tbis assault ?' 44 Perhaps you think I don't know you,' said tho Hindoo woman, tauntingly. '-It was I who dragged the shawl from your 6houlders that night in the great house. I knew you,' and her tdneB grow fierco and hateful. 14 1 know you, my lady. You were supposed to bavo died ; you lay in state in your burial robes for six days ; you were buried in tho Chetwynd vault. And yet here you are alive 1 It is you, and none other 1- It Is you, and not a ghost I It is you in the flesh, alive, strong, well. How \- happens tbie, that you live who have been ^mourned as dead ?' . V; The fierce, vindictive voice failed to kindle a spark of anger in Bernice's breast. Her herat throbbed with a keen pain. Sho was bewildered, dizzy, and still trembling. She did not answer. V Speak IV cried the Hindoo SvomaQ, Bbak-' i ing Her. ^ 14 Do you deny that you are the ' MarcJ^mfiB^jfCbetwynd ?' . k prevented hcr declaring to old ltaget^o^. ^^M^^M^^^Wjyjj^jlarcbioness'Jof 