' ' THE RIVER THAMES. Br Oub Travelmxg Correspondent. No. II. My journey from Cricklado to Oxford was porfoiinodiii tliomost primitive of all methods, cx- ceptperhsps thocorrncle of our Britishnnccstors, viz., a skiff, but at tho cathedral city I adopted a rnoro modern and rapid means of conveyance, and I took my passage on ono of tlm small steamers which ply fromPolly-nridgeto Kingston, a distance of 92 miles. The rato at which these steamers travel scarcely deserves that tho torm rapid should ho applied to them, for tho trip between tho two terminal points occupies nearly 24 hours. The boat, which is - nicely fitted and contains excellent accommodation for its passengers, leaves Oxford at 9 o'clock in the morning and roaches llonloy, a distance of 46 miles about 7 o'clock in tho evening. Tho passengers sleep that night at tile little Oxford- shire town, which is the sceno of the greatest amateur regatta in tiio world, and resumo their voyage the next day, arriving at their destination a littlo boforo dusk. Tho reason why tho paco is so bad is that a considerable period of timo is wasted at each lock, 10 minutes on an average, and the boats are not allowed to steam at a more rapid rate than 6 miles an hour, in order to prevent injury to tho banks from the wash of water and tho passing pleasure boats, which might he swamped if those steamers went at full speed. ?.fy follow passengers wero a very mixed lot, but with a few excep tions they were extremely companionable, livery portion of tho English speaking world, England, Scotland, Itclnnd, the United States, Canada and Australia were represented, and there was ono party of Parsons from Bombay anxious to see the beauties of tile Thames. I have described Oxford on a previous occasion, and shall only say on tho present that the little steamer Kingston loaves Baiter's boat houso at Polly-bridge, and moves slowly past the barges c. t.lc JiU.uio.tj iuiu tho vuiiouseulieges whioii, gaily bedecked with gilding and other ornamen tations and hearing the armorial bearings of the bodie.s to which they belong, are moored on the Oxford shoro side of the river at the foot of the charming promenade which iskiiowirasHioChrist- church meadows. A view is obtained through the trees of Chriutchurch ami of tho tower of Magdalen, But the Thames is too closo to Oxford to allow a good and oompreheusive view of that beautiful city to ho obtained from its hanks or its bosom, and one has to ho contented with the many charming landscapes to bo seen upon the rivor itself. A fow yards bolow tho last of the college boats tho Cherwell makes its way into the Thames, after passing through the meadows and grounds attached to Magdalen and Christ- chureli. 'lho Ciienvnll rises in the hilly districts of South-AYcslevn Northamptonshire, and flows past Banbury and Islip to Oxford. It is in most places far too narrow for ordinary boating, hut for punting and canoeing it is preferred by many University men to tho Thames itself, as thero is not sufficient water for steam launches, thoso disturbers of the boating man'3 peace of mind. About h milo below tho ford the steamer reaches the littlo village of Iflley, witlr its church, lock and mill, A few hundred yards away is Littlomore, cele brated throughout the world as being tho place to which tho late Cardinal 'Newman rotrcatod for the long period during which lie was making up his mind as to whether lie should remain in tho Church of England or seek rofugo in the Chinch of Home. The cardinal was at that period of his life tho incumbent of St. Mary the Virgin, at Oxford, which is tiie church of tho University, buthoBpcnt the greater portion of his time at Littlemore, and it was there that I10 wrote the religious novel Loss and Gain, or The Story of a Convent. Half a milo bolow Ifdey the boat passes under the iron bridge of the branch of the Great Western Railway, which goes from Oxford to Maidenhead by way of Thames. At this particular point a really fine view of Oxford is obtained, and it is hero that the voyager down tho Thames, either by steamer or boat iias to bid his last farewell to the University city. A short distanco below tho railway bridge the boat passes the picturesque villngo of Sandford, and enters tho look. Tho pools at Sandford Lakes are very dangerous to bathers, and fatal accidents by drowning aro not at all uncommon. I supposo most of your readers have heard the story of an undergraduate who saw another University man drown before his oyos in Sandford Lakes, without making any effort to save him, When taxed with his in humanity lie excused himself upon tho ground that ho had not boon introduced to the gentle man who was an. out college man, so that ho could not take tho liberty, of interfering. The river below Snndford is extremely pic turesque, tho woods and park of Nuneham Courtney forming an umbrageous background to the silvery stream. Nuneham Courtney is tho seat of tho Hareourt family, of 'which Sir William Hareourt, tho celebrated follower of Mr. Gladstone, is a cadet, and it is from his connection with this racd" that tho right hon. baronet derives that royal ancestry of which ho is so proud. The houso is not very old — it was built by tho first Viscount. Hareourt iu 1710, but it contains more than the average number of objects of interest. The library is well worth a lengthy visit. Amongst its treasures aro a number of manuscripts, autograph letters and family docu ments, including a curious letter from tho second Lord Salisbury, written shortly aftor'tho discovery of tho Gunpowder Plot, which com pletely disproves tho theory that King James behaved with courage and presence of mind on that occasion, as it states in so many words that the modern Solomon was not told about the affair until all the persons connected with it had been arrested. A number of letters from Gcorgo III. to General Hareourt-, to whom he was much attached, show the slow but cer tain manner in which his montal malady pro gressed. Of course a mansion of the grandeur of ono of the antiquity of Nunchum would not be complete without some littlo mixture of tho supernatural. Here it is not a ghost but a dream. Lady Nuneham, the daughter of tho first Earl of Hareourt, who flourished in the days of George II., was stay ing in tho house of lior family, and was much disturbed by a dream, in which she saw her father lying dead in the kitchen at 4 o'clock in tho afternoon, although when they parted for the night tho earl was in perfect health. Lady Nuneham told her husband nnd some member of tho family about her dream, hut, naturally enough, no person took any notice of it. After breakfast Lord ITarcourt wont out into tiie park, and he was never again seen alive. A laborer was attracted by tho harking of a dog to a well in tho grounds. On looking down it ho saw the body of the carl who had fallen head downwards in an attempt, as it was supposed, to rescue his littlo dog who had fallen into it. The body was pulled out of the well and taken to the nearest room, which happened to ho the kitchen, and it arrived thero exaotly at 4 o'clock. The coinci dence was very remarkable if it occurred exactly as it was related to me by the ancient dame who acted as my cicerone over tho old mansion of the Haroourts. It is only just to add that I obtained this information about Duneliam Courtney upon a previous visit to the mansion, for the Kingston did not stay long enough to allow tho passengors to enjoy the sylvan beauties of tho park ; we steamed steadily on to tho look at Abingdon, which is only a few hundred yards from tho pretty Berkshire town which stands at the junction of the little river Ock witli tho Thames, and lias a history which goes hack to the days of the Norman Conquest. The abbey of Abingdon was founded in the 7th century and was a place of great importance when Domesday Book was compiled. It shared tho fate of most other religious establishments at the -hands of King Henry VIII. during tho period which is called by Cardinal Manning " tho Tudor settlement." But the prosperity of tho town was not affected by tho tall of tho great houso to which it owed its original exist ence. Abingdon became incorporated in tho days of Queen Mary, and for more than three centuries it boasted not only of a mayor and corporation, but also of a represen tative in the House of Commons. But it has not made much progress of late years ; it has decayed with the gradual decay of the agricultural interest, and to-day its representation is merged into one of tho numerous Parliamentary divisions of tiie county of Berkshire. But it is still a place of some importance ; it is the terminus of a branch line of railway, several barges were moored alongside the quay, there was a con siderable amount of traffic in the streets, and the hotels were crowded with tourists. By the time tho Kingston had passed Abingdon the sun was shining brightly, and tho river was crowded with boats, some hailing from towns and villages on tho banks, and othors, filled witli pleasure seekers, who had pulled up the stream all tho way from London and its neighborhood. Occasionally wo passed a family party — youth at tho prow in tho shape of ono or two children, nnd beauty, in tho form of mater, at tho helm, wliilo paterfamilias, aided perhaps by a half grown up son or daughtor, was laboring at the sculls. Iu the stem sheets' wero usually stowed some largo packages of refreshments nnd ocon- siounlly bedding nnd n tent for camping out. Tho next boat would bo n "Dnrby.and Joan," a man pulling and a woman steering ; tho next would liavo a crow ot two or throo young men bent on a camping out expedition, and in order to relieve tho monotony tho next boat would ha filled with half a dozen laughing girls. Tho river runs through fertilo meadows as far as tho looks nt Culliani, an Oxfordshire village, principally' remarkable for its quaint looking inn, which rejoices in tho appellation of the Sow and Pigs, and is a good ipeoimon of tho modern reproduction of an ancient red- bricked and timbered building. In tho distnnce is a pretty grassy hill, crowned with a clump of trees, and called AYittonham Clump, which is visible for many miles, but tho immediate neighborhood of tho river is Hat and rather uninteresting. But aftor passing through lho railway bridge, over which runs tho GreatAVostern railway on its way from Didcot to Oxford thero is a decided increase in the element of picturosqucncss, and after pass ing through tho look nt Clifton- Hampden tho pretty villngo of that name camo in sight. On tho cliff to tho left or Oxfordshire hank are tho church and vicarage, hotli embosomed in trees, which come down to tho water's edgo, and tho view down tho reaoh is closed by luxuriant foliage, backed by the soft outlino of tho distant hills. On tho opposite orBorkshirosido is tho well kuown hostelry, The Barlcymow, which is a typical rural inn. AVith its low ceilings, its roof of straw, its.quaint, old fashioned porch, it goes bnck to the dnvs when England knew nothing of railways, nnd when the silent highway of lho Thames was the resort of travellers of all classes. Tho parlor is panellod with oak, nnd looks like tho cabin of a ship. For ham nnd eggs, tho Bnrloymow is unrivalled, tho beer is excellent, and nn hour may be spont very pleasantly, and not altogether unprofitahly, in reading tho albums, iu whioii deendo after doendo of travellers havo written their opinion about the good cheor provided by tho host nnd tho civility nnd good cooking of tho hostess. Unfortunately tho lord of the manor lins built a bridge which connects the little inn with tho village people, and charges a most unconscion able fee for carriage, which lias to he paid both going and returning, an impost which confines the clientele of the Barleymow to boating men, amongst whom it is very popular. Three miles below Clifton, tiio steamer passes through Dog's Lock, and tho river turns abruptly to the left. Indeed, at one time it almost seemed as if tho course of tho Thames was coming to nn abrupt end, and as if its further progress was being blocked by AVIiittcn- ham Clnmp and some other hills. At this point wo aro in the very centre of Roman England. On ono of tho neighboring hills was a large camp, which rested on tho Thames, and Dor chester, a mile from tho river, on tho banks of tho Thames, was a contre of Reman powor. Tho Latin name was Doroiua, and after tho expul sion of the Romans, and tho conversion of the Saxons to Christianity, Dorcina was the centra of a bishopric which included at least half of England. But tho ecclesiastical bfillianco of Dorchester is a thing of tho past, and the only vestige of its former greatness is to be found in the abboy church of Sts. Peter and Paul, which forms a portion of tho old Saxon cathedral, and is one of tho largest places of worship in England. A short distanco below Dog's Loch the River Thamo joins the Thames. A popular belief ascribes the origin of tho word Thames to a compound of Thamo and Isis, but there does not seem to bo any founda tion for tho tradition. Tho panic Isis appears to' he a conceit of the poots, and tho rivor is called the Thames by all the inhabitants upon its banks as high up as Cricklade. The Thamo does not lend itself readily to boats, anil it is difficult to get even a skiff as high as Dorchester. Tho river rises in Buckinghamshire, near Aylesbury, and is never more than a largo brook, tho only im portant town nenrits banks being Thame, from which in all possibility it takes its name. . After passing its confluence with the Thame, the river runs through charmingly wooded country to Bonsington, a littlo Oxfordshire village which is said to have been tho scene of that strango drama which, under the linmo of Jonathan Bradford, has always boon a favorite with a certain class of tho theatre going popula tion. Bradford was the landlord of the AVhite Hart. A wealthy Oxford lawyer, attended by a servant, went to that inn and slept tho night. The landlord made up his mind to rob his guest, and to kill him if thero wero any risk of detection. In tho middlo of tho night I10 eutorcd his guest's ohamber, hut found that lie had been anticipated in tho perpetration of a double crime by someone else. In his excite ment ho dropped his knifo on to the hotly, and the alarm being given by tho servant of tho murdered man, Brad ford was seized under these suspicious circumstances, tried, nnd, notwithstanding his protestations of innoceneo, I10 was eventually hanged. Many years afterwards the servant of Mr. Hayes, when 011 his death bed, confessed that he was the murderer. After committing the crime, and as he was escaping through tho window, ho saw Bradford enter the room, and determined to put the crime on him. The trick was successful ; tho real murderer escaped altogether from any punishment. But although Bradford was not guilty of actual murder, I10 had nil the desire and intention to kill his guest, and was only jirevented from so doing by having been forestalled. Apart from this gloomy tradition, tho only interest attaching to Bonsington is its ancient chureli, which contains several extraordinary epitaphs, which show rather eccentricity than piety. The river flows through charmingly wooded country to AYallingford, which is a very convenient half way houso between Oxford nnd Henley. Hero tho boat stopped ail hour for luucheoii, nnd I made tho best of my way to the Georgo Inn, whilst most of my fellow travellers patronised tho Lamb. I had nn excellent luncheon and tho society of a most garrulous landlady, who told mo that at least liulf lior customers wero Amoricans and Australians, and that she very much preferred the latter, inasmuch as they gave very much less trouble. The town itself is not very note worthy, except for its antiquity, for it appears to havo been a place of importance at the time of the Roman invasion. The castle, of which nothing now remains except a few crumbling walls and an old window, figured largely in all tho wars and struggles which occurred from the Conquest to the disputos between Charles I. and his Parliament. During that contest A\ralling- ford was besieged by Fairfax, who took it after a long siege. At that time tho town contained 14 churches. It now boasts of but three. In one of these churches lies buried Sir AVm. Blackstone, tho author of the well known text hook 011 law. After leaving AVallingford the river goes almost due south for many miles through some of the most delightful scenery which is to be found in the whole of its course from Criohlade to the Nore. Tiie belfry of the tiny church at Newnliam Murren peeps through the trees 011 the Oxfordshire shore, nnd immediately below, on tho samo side, are tho gardens and lawns of Monghwell Houso. Tho river is so uniformly beautiful that tho eyo becomes almost surfeited. AVood and water, upland and valley, corn land and meadow alternate to Cleeve Loch and from thenco to Streatly, in Berkshire, one of the most favorite halting places on tho whole river. Indeed, during tho season tho whole of the accommodation at tho Swan is frequently taken up for weoks together. Charming views nre obtained in every direction, and in 110 part of tho Thames aro finer and moro venerable trees to he met witli than in the neighborhood of Strcatley. To tho south aro the great chalk downs of Borkshiro, while to tho north, sepa rated only by tho Tlinmos and tho river valley, aro the hills of Chiltern on the Oxfordshire hank, witli tho little village of Goring nestling at their feet. The Kington passes through Goring Loch and through fine scenery, with Basilden Park nnd its beech woods in the dis tance, to I'angbourne, in Berkshire, and its neighbor, AYhitcliurch, in Oxfordshire. Tiie landscapo in this district cannot ho surpassed. The river runs through richly wooded country with a back ground of high chalk hills — the stream is covered with boats ; tho inns and villages aro thronged witli light hearted visitors, with pleasant athletes and with fair women, all bent on onjoying tliem- solves to tho utmost — in trotli lio must be hard to please who onn find any fault with tho Thames nt any point between AVallingford and Honley on a 'fino summor afternoon. Twor miles bolowtlieloch at AV hi tchurch the Kingston passed through that of Mnplcdurliam, near tho villngo of that name.' Tho glory of this part of tho Thames is tho grand old Ellza- bethinn mansion which is tho sent of the Blount family, and is 0110 of tho most thoroughly English looking halls in England, with its gables, nnd its outbuildings, nnd its roofs, with little roome built in all sorts of impossible plnccs, and with a lianquotting linll in whioh half a regiment might he entertained. A milo lower down is tho Roebuck Hotel, as excellent a speci men of a modern house of ontortainment as is the Barley Mow nt Clifcfoii Hamden of tho old fashioned livorsido inn, nnd then tho river turning to tho eastwards and spreading out into several streams, with willow covered islands botweon them, flows below tho high hank, upon whioh stands tho Oxfordshire village of Cnvcrsliam, and enters tho Looli of that name, which is very near the point whoro tho Kcnnct ontors tho rivor. Tho town of Reading, tho county town of Berkshire and the largest plnoo 011 tho Upper Thames, does not actually reach tho rivor, and all the wharves nro on tho banks of tho Kcnnct. This river rises in Berkshire, aud is navigable for a con- sidorahlo distanco, and by tho Kounet and Avon Canal opens up communication with tho south-western counties. Reading is an ancient town, nnd is tho birtli- placo of several eminent men from Archbishop Laud to tho dramatist Talfourd. But its general aspcot at tho present day is extremely modern, nnd I may say intensely ugly. All that remains of the old abboy nre a few half ruined arches and enormous walla of flint and rubble. Thero is nothing whatever to show that Henry I. and his daughter, the Empress Maude, who was tho mother of Henry II., aro buried there, or that it was tiio scone of the nuptials of John of fino.nt, and Blanehe, the heiress cf the Fiantagenets. Tho Rending of to-day seems the dependence of Huutley and Palmer's biscuit manufactory, Sutton's seed warehouses and the huge comity gaol. If 0110 is 011 tho look out for the picturesque lie must hie hack to Caversham, and follow the course of tho Tlinmos, which now flows in a northerly direction to Sonning Looii, another beautifully wooded locality iu tho immediate neighborhood of tiio pretty Berkshire villngo of the saino name. Tho river runs past islands covorcd with osiers and willows, nnd backed by groves of horse chestmits which in tho spring rival those of Bushoy Park, for tho beauty of thoir blossom. Apart from its natural features, Son ning possossos an interest of its own to all per sons of literary tastes, since it was hero Sydney Smitli wrote the 1'ctcr 1'lymlcy Letters. Ship- lake Loch is 3 miles bolow that of Sonning, and a few hundred yards below tho branch railway from Twyford, 011 tho main Great AVestern Railway, crosses the liver on its way to Hon ley. A short distance below the railway bridge is the pretty village of AVargravo, n sort of English Barbignn, for it is a favorite resort of artists, many of whom havo left traces of their handiwork. Tho sign of tho principal inn, the Georgo nnd Dragon, was painted by no less an artist than Mr. G. D. Leslie, R.A., who bus depicted tho combat in tho ordinary con ventional style, while, ou tho other sido of tho board, Mr. J. E. Hodgson, R.A., has given the moro prosaic sido of the adventure, for the Cappadocian unity contractor lias planted his spear in tho ground, and is taking a pint of beer with 1111 appearance of placid con tentment and as if ho had well earned tho needful refreshment. AVargrave is also cele brated as being the residence of Day, the author of Sandjord'and Merlon, who was killed by a fall from a horse which he tried to break in, and is buried in AVargravo churchyard. Just bolow AVargravo is Marsh Loch, which is 46 miles from Oxford, and 49 from Kingston, and a few minutes later tho stonmer stops alongsido the wharf, near Henley Bridge, and remains thero for the night. My fellow passenger and myself easily enough find accommoda tion in somo of tho many excellent inns whioh aro to be found in tho town, and which, except during the annual regatta, aro not overcrowded.' The town itself seems.. busy and prosperous, tho streets nro wide and clean, and as the neighborhood is extremely pretty it is nn excellent placo either for a boating mail, or an ordinary tourist, to select for his head quarters. There is a' fine "old church, but tho only monument whioh I had leisure to inspect was tho bridgo, tho keystone of which reprcsoutB the Thames and Isis. Tho Thames, whioh looks down stream, is tho conventional Father Thames, with his crown of bulrushes, but tho Isis is a female head .ndorned with nquatio plants. Those works wero executed by Mrs. Dawes, tho cousin of Horaco AValpole, and aro described very fully by him in one of his letters. AVith the oxceptiou of my visit to the bridge, I confined myself to mine inn, "The Angel," which was extremely comfortable, and also to tho discussion of an excellent dinner, to which I brought, thanks to my day spent upon tho river, a most excellent appetito. 