tomb*. Zoo. Cloudy. Theatre. Garner's. Dissension. Pcth Houses. Dmotionalism. Gibraltar lame. Sighing maidens. Mad on an actress. Goddard led Jackson. Betting on Vengeance. The Bridgewater mystery. ~ Flower Show on Thursday. Sunday-school festival week. Labour party chocked again. Mis. Gown-Trotter has gone. Constitution Day in the West. > A very poor reply from Charlie. Buometeriat noon to-day, 29*48. Another turn of the strike kaleidoscope. . R. J. Day rubs it into Charlie Kingston. Hugh Gflmore at thfrAJbert Bfcll to- night. Special boycott removed from the two firms. Norwood dock will be started on November 1. The strike is being restricted in South Australia. A brilliant and sad letter from Parson Owen." : tri • ^ "Scribbler" talks of the ^Gockbnrnites straight. . A cargo of coal lost for the Melbourne. Gas. Company. Rev. J. Owen baptizes the Salvation Anny "Boothites." Closing up the ranks and economising the ammunition. Sunday-schools are a factor in the religious education of the young. ' > A universal Church would be an adniiiaU* institution if men were fit for it. Mr. R. J. Day tries four stinging bees on Mr. Kingston. B asey on him. : It appears that there is no corporate 'Church existing which satisfies Mr. Owen. "Arow, and nothing short of it, will pub matters right" at the Junction Mine. Sun rose at S.1S a.m.; Bets at «.19 p.m. Moon set at 0.45 a-m.; rose at 10.43 a.m. The new commandments—" Thou shall drink no wine" and "Thou shalt hold ho land." The cost and delays of telegraphic communication are great obstacles to strike leaders. "What is truth?" asked Pilate, and "What is a national Church?"asks the Philistine. An International Council of Congregationalists will sit in London in July, 189L Corporations not at all pleased with the Legislative Council for mutilating their BilL Inspector Parkes's report is published on out mining prospects on the Leigh's Creek route. A certain notice of Saturday's Sunday School Festival was very pretty writing ; pity it was not true. It is all very well to criticise the Btrike leaders, but they have to act aggressively against odds. Dr. Magarey defends the Council from Mr. Liston's charge Jof thrice mutilating the Corporations Bill. Messrs. O'Brien and Dillon had arranged to leave for America on October 1 to initiate the new campaign. Would it not show the wise men of Dahlia the way out of gravediggers* boycott by introducing cremation ? . Some South Australians want to mtui!^ fch e Americans, who escort a man to the boundaries and say—Get. The F.P. Advertiser is complaining of the aboriginal nuisance in Moonta. Who supplies the blacks with drink ? Private telephones between the Australian capitals would be worth more than an English loan to the strike leaders. The Port Pirie Advocate says no better sjjgn< of the times can be found than in tfe noby clock of the Salvation Army. < The prospects of agriculturists in all parts of South Australia may be said (says the Northern. Argus) to be highly satisfactory. Different sects are like different classroom^ in the one big school; they represent stages of growth and expressions of ideas. Because a publican at Port Pirie supplied' stores to a boycotted steamer, his bar was almost deserted on Saturday night. ..<..•. Mr. Owen almost persuades us to be universal Churchmen, only that he docs not show tha way his Church is to be worked to please all minds. The mists of religious idealism are entrancing to poetical minds, but most men must dwell upon such practical things as strikes and politics. The Mount Barker Courier is publishing a series of articles on " Our Hill's Industries,'* the first relating to the Littlehampton Tannage Factory. It is impossible not to admire the singleness and earnestness of Mr. Owen, though it is diffi- cult for those afar off, to understand what bfr N really proposes. The Areas Express says the Land Bill has blemishes j but on the whole it is infinitely, preferable to the abortion introduoed by th» late Government. . Port Augusta Despatch says the Assembly! have only one course open to them, and that is to refuse to accept the Corporations Bill as amended by the Council. If Mr. Owen will lather himself in vexation because the world will not fall down and worship his idea of the Church, there is none to stop him; it is a free country. The difficulty in getting a Universal Church, Mr. Owen, is that men are not equally inspired to faith, and no adsquate creed , could be found comprehensive enough. Melbourne consumes about 50,000 tons of Newcastle coals monthly. The quantity ordered from Japan will last about two months at present contracted consumption. A Cockburnite writing in the country Pre:* speaks of the moderation and impartiality oE the present Opposition. But that was pennei before Thursday night's disgraceful proceedings. "Another was a reference to the washing of" the Saviour's feet with tears, the little writer, with an evident talent for dsscriptive writing,, adding,'and she rubbed them well with vaseline.'" The Age is of opinion that if the shipoilnier does not show himself at least as ready to conciliate as he has proved himself to fight, the State must help labour by way of a loan or otherwise. The ranks of London Catholic publishers hasbeen increased by a notable roprnit in the person of Mr. C. Kegan Paul, the head of on* of the largest bookselling establishments in thB Tegion of Paternoster Row. Duty is a thing that is due, and must b* paid by every man who would avoid present discredit and eventual moral insolvency. It is an obligation—a debt—which can only bedischarged by voluntary effort and resolute action in the affairs of life. Memorabilia.—Yes. It was on October 21, 1805, that- England's greatest naval hero, Horatio Nelson, died in the arms of victory off Cape Trafalgar. Now, ye patriots, just listen to what Southey, his biographer, has to Bay about it. "The people of England grieved that funeral ceremonies, and public, monuments, and posthumous rewards were all which they could now bestow upon him, whom the King, the Legislature, and the nation .would have alike delighted to* honour, whom every tongue would have blessed; whose presenoe in every village through which he might have passed would have awakened the Church bells, have given schoolboys a holiday, have drawn children from their Jsports to gaze upon him, and old men from the chimney corner to look upon Nelson ere they died. Obituaries.—There have been more than one Julius Caesar in this breathing world. Thus, Julius Caesar Scaliger breathed his last October 21,1558, aged 74. He was a man of extraordinary acquirements in both science and the learned languages.—Henry Lawes was an intimate friend of Milton, and, being professional musician, he set tho music to Milton's "Mask of Comus", as well as the songs of Waller and other poets. But he happened to depart this life October 21, 1662, aged 62. Curious enough, Waller himself gave up the ghost October 21, 1687.— Samuel Foote, the once famous dramatic writerand actor, made his exit October 21, 1777, aged: 57\. Foote broke his leg in 1766, and it is said that he broke his heart on acoount of a criminal charge brought against him,.though he "was acquitted by the Jury. He was known as the English Aristophanes, and Dr. Johnson said — "lor loud obstreperous broad-faced mirth be had no equal." 