"A yMUU-G-LEK'S SECRET. BY FRANK- BARRETT, ' ' i ' , <£ke author of " The Admirable Lady Biddy Fane," ' Under a strange Mask," "Fettered for Life," etc. CHAPTER, XII. . AT 1,4 ST. V/c received our supply of food and candles with tolerable regularity from above. When there vras an;,- sign of neglect or forgetfulness on the part cf old Peter, a rap on the clilf with the hatchet brought him at once to the mouth ,rf +lm well with arenuest ro l;rio.v v.-n" f in tbn name of goodness we wanted now. He pro tested several times against our wasteful extra vagance, and the expense to which we were putting him, in a much injured tone, as though we were there of our own choicp. Above all. rjtie waste of candies irritated him the most. "You're got to do wirout 'em," h'e shouted one day in reply to my request. "Tlieyoung : 'un's dona wirout 'em, and you're got to do wirout 'cm ; do you understand that, yer eyes!" But on my suggesting the alternative of lighting a bonfire the candles came quickly enough. I also insisted on a supply of linen being sent down for the " young 'uu" and a change for myself, promising to let him have ray clothes to wash regularly every weak ; and though he swore with the most emphatic oaths i at his command that he would never accede te 'these demands everyone of them was complied : with as soon as I raised my voice in anger to a pitch that might he heard outside tne cot tage. We were not unmindful of the future. Every day we put by something out of the , supply of food in case of accident; and, fore- : seeing Psyche's wants when we made our cs- : cape, I took the measurement of her little foot, and sent itup with a demand thatshoes of that size should lfc sent down the next day. Iam ! not sure that old Peter, who he aire exceedingly irecalcitrant towards the last, would have given (in to this, hut just at that time my grandfather .got about, and old Peter, with a heavy volley jof parting curses, disappeared one morning, and we saw and heard him above us no more ; and though my grandfather, adopting old Peter's manner and style of speaking, swore lustily enough that we had " got to do wirout 'em," he hackled under, and the shoes came down the next morning. But a preparation 01" far greater importance than this gave me great concern. I had to make the girl understand something of the great world into which she would go when she left the cave in which she had passed her life — the world in which, probably she would go ono iWay and I another. I felt that the sudden re- ' vitiation of such a world would take away her reason just as the glare of day might blind her if I did not now accustom her eyes to the light oi-a candle. To do this I had" to teach her to speak and train her imagination to form ideas ifrom the sound of words. . She was not wanting in intelligence, and qpickly picked up the use of such words as were necessary to our immediate wants. She was as ready to learn as I to teach ; and sat beside me hour after hour in our time of rest repeating what she had heard, and adding to her store of phrases. For pver three months she studied in this way, never showing a sign of impatience or lassitude, and then a change came. Naturally she understood what I said to her far better than she could express her own meaning ; at last comprehending what I said so well that she rarely asked me to repeat a word or change the form of a phrase. Then her interest in learning declined. The incentive was eone now that she had mastered the diffi culty" of understanding words, and it seemed to methather tongue was stiller than when she could merely babble without reason. When I urged her to speak she would nestle close to my arm, smoothing her cheek against my shoulder coaxuigly, with a faint, halt-sad smile. " Talk to me," she would murmur. 44 Talk to me as you did when I knew nothing but what I saw in your face. You have so much to tell ma about ; I have nothing to tell you that you do not know." Her phrases were ungrammatical and broken like a chilil"3, hut this was their meaning. This led to my talking a great deal, and ehe was content to listen, sitting as still as a mouse. I told her about the wide-spreading sky and the glorious sun that rose 011 one side and set on the other in soft clouds of beautiful colours, and of the moon ihat came when he was gone, and of the myriads of stars like the little one we saw at times through the hole in the cave that spangled the heaven all over when neither sun nor mood was there to dim them ; and then I spoke about the broad sea and the things in it and on it. aud the fields of green grass dappled -with bright-coloured flowers, and the. trees where birds far prettier than Caw sang songs almost like her own. She was never tired of hearing these descrip tions, but they di 1 not excite her with any eager desire to escape from the cave and see and hear all that she loved to be told about. I fancy 'they must have been to her like those descrip tions of Paradise, which tickle our ears but fail to stimulate us with a desire to go there one moment before the inevitable time. Indeed, the outer world must have been as incomprehensible to her stunted imagination as the idea of limitless space or iniiuite time is to .the majority of ordinary people. Sho could form iio conception of a world that had no chalk wails. She seemed to take greater interest in hearing about men and women, than about things. The existence of other human beings in another cave was understandable, but her delicate brows creased in perplexity to hear that the number of men like myself, and girls like her, was beyond cur counting. "Bo they all live together?" she asked, in bewilderment. I tried to explain how people were grouped in communities, and the communities divided into families, and how the families while the children were young lived all under the same roof, but scattered and went dilferent ways when they grew up, leaving only the old ones to live together. She could not think that was good, and one evening wheu 1 told her I hoped to find her family, she said : " What is the use if we are all to live sepa rate in different caves ?" This idea, Iam sure, occupied her thoughts a good deal. One day she coaxed me to neglect work, herself showing a repugnance to it for the first lime. " Talk, talk," she said, holding my arm. "But there is work to do. The water is out. I must not lose a minute." " Why do yon want to get out into that world?" sho added. " Must you live alone, too? There are three caves here. I will go in the next ono if you do not want me with you. And then this will be better than that great one where all go away from those who love them." " We'll talkabout that another time, Psyche," Said I, rising. She let me go alone for half a dozen steps — it Was the first suggestion of opposition on her .part— then she sprang up with a cry of regret, &nd;, overtaking me, mutely looked into my face with eyes that pleaded for forgiveness. And that morning she worked in the burrow as sho had never worked before. To see her one would have thought that her happiness rather than mine depended on our escape. I tried in vain to obtain some history of the past from her ; she could reveal nothing beyond her life in the caves. " Always here, always the same till you came," she said. Days, and weeks, and months slipped away Without seeming tedious, even to me ; to Psyche they were all too short. We rarely worked for less than ten hours a day, and every fresh inch of progress in the burrow added to my hope of a happy end. In the intervals between work and sleep we amused ourselves sometimes in playing bowls with the rounded pieces of chalk that we found in our excavation ; sometimes in carving a running scroll that I designed on the wall of the smaller cave. The latter amuse ment pleased Psyche greatly. She had a strong mitative faculty, ana became very deft in the use of a knife in carving, but the great charm of this occupation was that it beautified our dwelling-place. No lady could he more fas tidious about the arrangement of her drawing- room than she was about the wretched appoint ments of these miserable caves; she seized eagerly any suggestion for making them more habitable. Caw was no longer allowed to perch on the loaf, nor was ho permitted to hop across the table at mealtime. She became scrupulously careful about her personal appearance. When we came from the burrow all bedabbled and grimed with salt water and sand, she retired into her alcove which I had screened with a blanket, and thence she came forth in due time dressed in her best, and with shoes and stockings on. She was prodigiously proud of the addition of shoes to her costume as being like mine, ajtd never let me see that they pained her every time 6he moved — for she had worn them some weeks beforeT discovered, by accident, that they were far too small for her poor feet. Taking me as her model, she would have cut her hair , short like mine, buc 1 forbade that, and taught i her to plait it in two long tails — which was the ionly arrangement I could think of in theab- 'fleuce of hair-pins — to her immense delight. Without doubt a great and good change, i physical as well as moral, was produced in her Ihy the altered circumstances of her life. She 'made flesh ; her cheek lost its hollowness, and a little colour came into it ; her shoulders ex- All rights reserved. pandad, her arms grew plump, and kar figure developed graceful curves. She was more human. At first her laughter brought tears into my eyes, hut now there was a joyous ring in it that made me glad. She had a healthy love of gaiety and fun, and a most human craving for praise and admiration. Only when she grew tired something of the old elfish, pensive ead- ness came hack to her face, and at theee times she would forsake her amusements and coax me. to talkabout the world she was going to, and the people in it, sitting wistfully silent by my side. : » ; « It was on the 30th August — just four monthB and three days from the day 1 was made pri soner — that a stroke of Psyche's hatchet brought down a cone of wet sand, and a shred of light streamed into our tunnel through a crack at the edge of the chalk over our heads. "At last !" I cried, driving my hatchet into the crack ami so widening the gap that a great flood of light burst upon us. With a moan of pain Psyche dropped her axe aud covered her eyes with her hands. Frantic joy. made me brutally indifferent to her suffering ; I thought only of my recovered liberty, and dropping the hatchet tore away the sand and shingle with my hands until I had made a hole through which I wriggled my body. Then L stood up, and stretched .out my ivinB towards the open sky over 'iny head, thanking (rod alone with a choking voice for TTi" mercy. CHAPTER SIH. escape. A faint "cry of despair reminded me of my selfish forgetfuluess, and turninT about I disco vered Psyche standing at a little distance from me with her arms outspread , vainly endea vouring to see the inlight that blinded her There was a piteous bewilderedlook in her face that seemed to say, " I am abandoned. What shall I do in this world where each one goes his way ?" And then when I looked at her hair matted with the sand, her drabbled dress hanging heavily from her shoulders witn the sea-wash from the burrow, my heart reproached me for my ingratitude. For she had toiled as much as 1, nay more ; cheerfully ready at any hour of the night or day to bury herself in the wet sand, to dig aud drag as she was bidden, suffering hardships with smiles, risking her life fearlessly day and night for months iu the struggle to make me happy, and 2 11 for litis— to be forgotten in the first moment of my freedom ! "Oh," you are not gone!" she exclaimed, clutching my baud as I touched her and spoke her name. 44 Not yet," she added, striving to open her eyes that she might see me. " I shall never leave you, Psyche," I s lid, " I only forgot yon for a miuute in the first joy of seeing the world again." 44 Is it so very beautiful ?" she asked. 44 I can see nothing but a light that makes me ache." " The sun is right over our heads ; it makes me blink to look up. When he goes down you will he able to look at the glory of it. But you feel the beautiful fresh air, don't you ?" " Yes, it is good. Like drinking when you are thirsty." " Te3. that is true, and the sight of the blue sky is like that too." "' I wish I could lookat it," she said, raising lier pale face, and moving her head from side to side. " How warm it is. Tell me what you can see." " Nothing hut the sun, and sky, and cliffs, and some jackdaws playing about up there." " I hear them, I hear them," she said, joy fully. " Caw, caw, caw !" " We are surrounded with great masses of broken cl.fi ; they shut out the view of the sea. But we'fcaii climb over them and make our way to the open shore, as soon as the lightfades, and you can use your eyes." " Why should we wait if you want to get there? You can guide me in the light just as I used to guide youin the dark — do you remem ber ?" she asked tenderly. " Yes, I remember, dear. But I dare not venture now ; the tide is rising aud we may be hennaed in. It will be better to wait till the tide ebbs ; then we shall have nothing to fear, and shall both see. Besides we have our things to get ; we should be laughed at if we showed our selves in this Btate." " I will put on my shoes ; no one will laugh at me then." A wave ran up between the rocks and touched our feet ; it was time to return. We wriggled back into our burrow, the mouth of which I stopped as well as I could with pieces of chalk to prevent the inrush of sand, aud backed into the cave, dragging the bucket after us with the sand dug out in our passage. The eight hours that followed were the longest and most tedious I had yet endured. I had long ago decided upon the course I should take when we got out of the cave, and there now seemed absolutely nothing to do. To dispel the tedium I was almost tempted to make an expedition iuto Flench Peter's cave. I was deterred rather by the uselessness than the danger of the venture. The treasure was safer there than it could be anywhere else, and it would have been alike dangerous and futile to encumber ourselves with it in our flight. At six o'clock my grandfather whistled down the well, and lowered a basket of provisions. " You're- got to 'do wirout bread to-night 'cause the baker ain't been to day," he called. "But you'll get double allowance to-morrow morniu' if you behave yourself." I emptied the basket, aiid sent it up without a word ; but I mentally promised to behave my self in a manner that would astonish him before auother day wus out. At about eight o'clock we went into the tunnel, and had an hour's work in clearing away the sand washed in by the tide. At length the passage was free, and Psyche looking up saw the countless stars in mute wonder. " Our work is done ; we can put on our best now," I said to her. We went back and changed our clothes— I trembling and my teeth chattering with excite ment. " Must we leave all ?" Psyche asked in a low voice when she came from her alcove. 44 Yes, there is nothing here that we shall ever want again, please God," said I. " Wait, there is the food we have put by in case of need. I willput it out for Caw." 44 Yes, poor Caw ! He will never sit on my shoulder any more. We shan't have to scold him for coming on our table again." I ran into the other cave and threw all onr stores on the slab that served us for a table, while Psyche remained in the lesser one. Through the opening I saw her by the light of the candle that stood on the ground touching with her cheek the carving in the chalk on which we had spent so many hours together, and laying her hand tenderly on the hatchets we had used in our work, and when we descended for the last time into the pit she turned round aud spreading her arms towards the cave as if to take iu all that was dear to her, she said : " Good bye !" The moon had not yet risen, but the stars gave us, inured to obscurity, ample light to find our way between the rocks and over the- scat tered masses of cliff to the open shore ; but it would have been another thing to have re traced our steps through such a chaos to the hole from which we had come. Happily we got clear of the sea-swept boulders while the tide wa3 yet low. Psyche gazed at the boundless expanse of sea and sky in silent awe for some time, and then she murmured, half to herself, " Too large, too great !" But she was delighted with the stars, and when rounding Deadman's Point we came in sight of the young moon hanging over the water with the shadowed disk in its embrace a low cry of rapture came from her lips. We got on to the downs by the gap beyond Dead- man's Point and struck across for the old London road, and now that we had no cliff beside us Psyche's wonder at the unbroken expanse around us_ was inex pressible. 44 No walla," she said. And the soft grass under her feet in place of the sand she had always known was another marvel. She tried to scoop it up in her hand, and when I plucked some and put it in her hand, she laughed at this new oddity in this new world. We had notyetmet asingle creature, hut aswe nearedthe road I heard sounds of footsteps and voices, and Psyche told me she saw two persons coming, one little aud one big. A few seconds afterwards I saw a stout woman and a boy laden with bundles. Psyche slipped round and clung to my other arm to be safe, while she strained her eyes in wonder to see a girl so large and a man so small. 44 Mrs. Benham," I 6aid, recognising my old landlady as we drew near. " Surely that's not Mr. Bernard come back !' she exclaimed. "It is indeed, and I am on my way to take possession of my old rooms if you have not let tbem to anyone else." 44 Bless your beart, no, sir. There they are just as you left them. I shouldn't have had the heart to let 'em to anyone else if I'd had the chance. Little did I think you would ever come back to them ; and it'B a real comfort in the midst of my trouble to see you again. There, take the keys, sir, there they are all, and you kuow the look of 'em almost as well a3 I do. You haven't . heard the sad news, I'll warrant ; how should you when Pre only just i got the mes sage by telegraph myself. The lad there brought it and scared me out of laywits nearly half an hour ago. My poor ton has been landed from his ship at Southampton with is fever, and there he lies now in a stranger's house with no one to care for him. And now I'm on my way to Eonport to catch the lest train, though while I am talking here I may lose it. I will write to you to-morrow and teU you more, and you will let me knew all about your own affairs that I have no time to ask about now, though I am dying with curiosity to know how you have fared and everything. Everything included Psyche, whose uncovered head and bare arms drew hsr eyes from me in perplexity, oven while her mind was so divided between thoughts of her sou and myself. Am for the telegraph messenger who was carry ing a part of the old lady's hastily-packed luggage, he could scarcely cloee his mouth or take has eyes off Psyche, even when Mrs. Benham trotted on calling him to come along. " Who is that one you spoke to ?" whispered Psyche as we went our way. "A dear old friend. We're going to live in her house." ' "House — that is a cave." " Yes, a kind of cave. I lived with her before I came to you." " Not very long." " Yes ; years — much longer than I have lived with you." " Then every one does not go a different way — some stay togother." " Oh, yes. A son sometimes stays with his mother even when he is no longer a child. A brother may live with his sister till they grow quite old." 44 You will ba my brother." " Yes, Psyche, that is just what I should like to be." She hugged my arm close and was sileut for awhile. I pointed to the frees of the Chase Park asweneared them. She looked at them in differently, reminding me that I had told her about them. Then presently, while I won dered what she was pondering, she said : " You like that old woman ?" " Yes ; she has been like a mother to me." " But you didn't talk to her as you talk to me," she said smiling and shaking her head. " What makes you think that ?" " Oh, I am sure of it," she answered with delighted satisfaction, " and that shows that you like your sister more than you like your mother." I laughed, and then having come to the cot tage I told her that it was where we were to live. She looked at it incredulously, for to her it seemed no more than a strangely-fashioned mass of rock, and could hardly believe her senses when I opened the door and showed her it was habitable. I lit a candle and took her through the rooms below, and then up the stairs to the rooms above, and she was speechless with wonder at the strangeness of it aud all the surprising con trivances it contained. When I got her to speak I found that she did not admire the rooms. After the caves they were as much too small as the world was too large. The low flat ceilings and square walls were ugly to her eyes. But the quantity and variety of colour every where delighted her. Two things astonished lier beyond the rest — a looking-glass and a rose growing in a pot. The glass, she thought must be water ; the scent of the rose took her breath away. She was charmed with the canary that hung in the sittingroom— it was such a wee little 44 caw" and so prettily coloured ! I put it in Jher bedroom, telling her that it would sing to her in the morning. ' " Show me how I may take him out of his house," she said. " No, you must not do that," said I. 44 He would fly away if you did." She looked into my face in mournful silenoe for a moment, and then she said : " Does everything that we love in this world fly away and leave us ?" CHAPTER XIV. MY grandfather sees A ghost. When Psyche had'- called her last 44 good night" to mo from her room, as in the cave it was her custom to do before composing herself to sleep, I stole out of tqe house, to breathe again the fresh air and enjoy the full Bense of freedom. After standing awhile gazing all round at the heavens with an ineffable joy in my heart I passed through the "arden, and turning instinc tively towards the Chase, followed the familiar path to the park gates, my step growing quicker and more elastic under an elation that was easy to be accounted for. When I left the Chase I had no prospect more hopeful than that of realising Sir Henry Duncan's cynical sug gestion by finding a Golconda. Well, I had found what to me was a Golconda, and now I could face Sir Henry aud demand his daughter's hand. It waa nearly midnight; there was no light in the lodgekeeper's window. The gate was unlocked, and not a hundred yards down the drive there was a bend from which the house could be seen. With no excuse but a lover's folly, I passed the gate and walked to the bend, and there I stood for fully five minutesgazingat the solitary light in one of the" windows, giving a loose rein to my fancy, and letting it carry me into a paradise where I saw no face but Ethel Duncan's. When at length I turned to go hack I per ceived a tall grey figure standing in the alley formed by a footpath which turned from the drive at "the bend. It was Sir Henry ; I recognised him at a glance. There was nothing remarkable in liis being there at this hour,' even if the night had been less tempting for a late stroll. He wa3 a man of odd, ascetic habits, sometimes confining himself for days together in one room, at others wandering on the downs night after night in weather that made even the coast-guard shirk his duty. "Who are you?" he asked, stepping for ward. " Bernard Thorne." " I thought so," he said, and then placing himself before me with a stride as I was about to pass on, he added, in a peremptory tone, 44 Tell me what you are doing here ?" I hesitatod to answer, feeling that I had placed myself in a ridiculous position. " You have come here to see my daughter," he said in an angry tone of conviction. " You have written to her ?" " I have done notliing of the kind." "Is that true?" he asked in a tone that stung me. " You have never known me to attempt to deceive you," I answered warmly. " Indeed ! You promised you would not return, until you had a fortune to offer for my daughter." " And on that condition you suffered me to hope that I might make her my wife. It was an expedient perhaps to get rid of me. You did not expect me to return before you had married your daughter to a husband more to your taste than your late secretary. But you held out that hope to me ; I accepted it ; and now that you see me here you know the reason — I have a fortune to offer your daughter." 44 It is incredible. I was told you had gone to America. Even there you nave not had time to make a fortune — honestly." " I dare not trust my tongue to answer you after that insinuation," said I, stopping aside in order to pass him. 44 Wait," ne said, putting his stick rudely before me. " Our estimate of foxtunes may differ considerably. What is this fortune you hare made ?" " I cannot tell you, it may be tea thousand pounds — it may be less." 44 Ten thousand pounds ! Do yon know that my daughter may accept a husband with twenty times that amount. You mistake yourposition. What is ten thousand pounds ?" " Enough to niake me independent of your generosity, and that is all I sought. I dare now to ask your daughter to be my wife, and it is for her and, not for you, to decide whether I shall be her husband or not ?" 44 One moment. One question at least I have a right to risk, and one which you, with the antecedents of your family before you, ought to answer. How have you come by this money ?" " I am not in a state of mind at this moment to tell you my history. If I told you now you would think me more mad than my presence here at this time gives you reason to suppose I am. In a proper time and place I will tell you all." " Before you speak to my daughter ?" 44 Yes." Upon that we separated without another word. I greatly regretted this meeting with Sir Henry ana the avowal it had led me to make. For ardently a) I desired to meet Miss Duncan, and put my fate in her hands — a desire that was now made more urgent by Sir Henry's hint that he had a richer husband iu view, and the fear that by delay I might lose her — I felt that I must do my duty by my faithful little friend, and provide for Psyche's future happi ness before I considered my own. I must wring a confession of the mysterious crime from my grandfather, aud find the girl's family. I had promised not to abandon her, but without that promise my heart would never have suffered me to go away from her, as she pathetically put it, untu I had found those who had a right to take my place as her guardian and dearest friend. If Sir Henry Duncan thought fit to question my- grandfather about the fortune I had acquired, the old rascal, discovering my escape, would, to avoid unpleasant conse quences to himself, get out of the way before I oould draw a confession from him. I reflected also that Mrs. Benham or the tele graph hoy might spread the news of my return m Bonport, and that this would speedily reach Old Peter's ears and put both the old rascals on the alert However, there was one simple way of securing my grandfather, and that was to forestall others bv tackling him at the, very earliest hour, "frith the determination to go ever ito the Halfway-house as soon as it got light I returned to the oottage and lay down without taking off my doth as, that I might not oversleep myself. Nevertheless, it was broad daylight and pest 6 o'clock when I awoke, and then it waa only Psyche's cry of delight from the next room that aroused me. The canary was singing. " Hark, the little caw," die cried. I bade her sleep again until I called her, and slipped noiselessly out of the house, fearing my going would trouble her if she knew it. Looking down to the shore from the cliff at Deadman's Point I saw the waves bursting over the scattered rocks where we had risen from our burrow the day before. The great blocks were so closely thrown together that it was impossible to distinguish the exact spot, and I knew that by this time the sea had washed in the sand and effaced all sign of oar work. It seemed to me now hardly possible that we two could have been lying toiling under that fallen cliff for over four months. Something unplea santly akin to a thirst for vengeance possessed me as I neared the Halfway-house and thought ef the old villains who had doomed me to per petual imprisonment there, and who hadrobbed poor Psyche of all that makes youth and life worth having. Turning the handle softly I fouDd that the door was locked. The blinds were drawn down. Over the window pane I had broken to get into the place on the day of my capture a sheet of brown paper had been pasted. I wetted my fingers, struck it in the middle, and made a hole through the brown paper without noise. My grandfather was stumping about in the washhouse, for this wm about the hour when he sent down our breakfasts Taking ad vantage of the noise he made, I tore down the brown paper, dipped by arm through, and un fastened the catch. The next minute I had the sash up, and the minute after that I was stand ing in the little parlour. The washhouse door was closed. I opened the door silently, and found my grandfather in front of me, leaning over the well with the cord in 'his hand. lor just one moment my finders itched to slip that cord round his neck and pitch him down the well. He was whistling lustily— a signal which either Psyche or I usually answered at once. "Can't make the beggars hont," he mut tered : " in gen'al they eomee fast enough for their grub, and it's a lucky day when that- gallus Bernard, don't holler out forextrys." He left off muttering, and recommenced whistling and jerking liis cord. " What's the marrer wi' you, are you hill ?" he roared. After waiting a minute or two he drew up the bucket to see if it had been emptied. When it came up full he set it on the edge of the well and scratched his head. " Good Lord, if one on. 'em's dead !" he mur mured ; aud then looking round in the scared way of those whose consciences are ill at ease, he caught sight of me standing within a couple of paces of him. His jaw dropped, his face turned grey, his eyes started from their sockets, and he staggered back to the avail, stretching out his quivering hauds to keep me off. His old jaw closed and fell as he attempted to speak, and his breath caught in his parched windpipe with a click at each respiration. At length he gasped out : " God forgive me if I ever done you harm. Lord knows I've alust done for the best ac cording to my lights. 'Twasn't me as put you down. Father's got to answer for all that — a gallus, wicked old man. I've supplied ye reg'lar— denied ye nothin'." He broke off with a choke, terrified out of his wits by toy silence and immobility. Then he gasped again, loosening his neckcloth with one hand and motioning me back with the other : "For God's sake, speak — tell mo you're not his spook — tell me I haven't murdered my Sukey's boy." CHAPTER XV. A strange confession. I suppose my appearance was not sufficiently ghostly to create more than a temporary effect upon my grandfather ; for after regarding me with uureasoning horror as he crouched against the wall for a few minutes, the strained muscles of his face relaxed, a look of hopeful doubt and suspicion twinkled in his blue eye, and he breathed more evsily. Gradually he straightened himself, and with growing confi dence rolled his tongue round his cheek once or twice, aud spoke : " You don't mean to say as it's you, your identical self, Bernard ; you dou't go for to tell me as you've got out in the night like a thief in the same, and as you've come here for a sort of a spree to frighten your poor old grandfather into a hillness ?" " I am your grandson, Bernard — so much the worse for me ; and I have got out — so much the worse for you. But I have not come here for a spree, I have come to call you to ac- -count. " Where's the other one— her ?" he asked, nodding towards the well. " Not down there." " Where are you took her to ?" " Where you can do her no more harm." 44 Lord ! what'U father say to this ?" ex claimed the old man in a tone of consterna tion. " We shall hear what he has to say when he's brought to justice." " You're not going to inform on him — you won't send an old man of ninety-four to prison ?" " It depends upon you whether both of you do not end your days in gaol. You may ex pect no more mercy from me than you nave shown to that helpless child, whose life you have blasted." "Sonny," said he, drawing the back of his hand across his forehead, 44 I can't go no furder like this. I must have a drop to keep me up, or my legs'll give under me." He passed into the next room, and taking an innocent-looking teapot from the corner cup board, drew a cork from the spout, and helped himself to a dram. " Now, I'm better," said he, stoutly, as he seated himself, " let's hear what you've got to say. If it depends on me to save father from going to gaol you may- depend upon my doing my duty as a son." " Do you see that ?" I asked, pointing to one of the texts with which the walls were plentifully decorated. " Yes, 1 sees it fust enough, but what it's all about I dunnow. They comes here and sticks 'em up accordian to their fancy, but I can't read 'em." " ' Honesty is the best policy" — that's what it says, and I advise you to keep that in mind ; for if 1 have reason to doubt the honesty of the confession you have to make to me I shall go at once to Bonport and bring you and your fether before judges who will find means to get the truth out of you." The old man looked at me with deep cunning in his shifty eyes as he turned over the quid in his cheek, and then ho said : " You know you can depend on my truth, sonny, else you'd ha' gone to the justices fust." " I have come to you first because I would spare myself the shame of seeing you in the felon's dock ; but I am prepared to meet that shame to learn the truth." " What do you want to know ?" " I must know all about the poor girl you have kept in the caves from her childhood." " Right you are, sonny. Now you look in my face and IU look in youm, and if you see me so much as wink a eye set me down for a liar. Slack away ! " With these words he planted his hands firmly on his knees, bent forward, and so fixed his eyes that they looked as if they were of glass, and several sizes too large. ' Who is that girl ?" I asked. " I don't know no more than what you do." " What is her name ?" 44 I can't tell you ; on my dyin' oath I don't know." 44 How long have you kept her down there ?" " Twelve years last July the thirteenth." 44 Where did you take her from ?" " We didn't take her ; she was give to us by a man." " Who was that man ?" " I don't know, I'll take my oath on it." If honesty may be gauged by tho ability of a man to look you straight in the eyes, then my grandfather was as honest in this declara tion as anyone could desire. , " How did the child come into your hands ?" I asked. " That's a question as I can't answer in two words. It's a longish story, but I'll tell it you just as fair and square as if I was before a judge and jury ; and look you here, Sonny, you think I'm a hard-hearted, un-Christian Philis- tian ; but I'm going to show you the contraries, and then if you think I'm only fit to rot out the rest of my days in a gaol, you can go and peach on me, and be d— — d to you." With this he struck the table a blow with his fiat, and turned over his quid ; then fixing his eyes again on me he began : " It was twelve years ago, as I tell you, the thirteenth of July, .that me and father was wuss off, than ever . we'd been iu our life. Father had just done his seven year ; Sukey's monev was ell gone, you was at Bchool earnir.t- nothing, and only kept there because it was cheaper than keepin' of you elsewhere, sei'i' as the payment was allowed to run on IR-e 111 consideration of your beiu' a kind of pupil teacher, and the smuggling business was reg'lar finished for good and all.- We was that pinched we'd scarce got the pries of aulug betwixt ma — and that was got through me a rt" forming. Well, just then comes this man to father, and asks him if he'd mind taking of a chest out to sea and droppin' of it in a clear five miles from land, which this here job was to be done that night. Father smelt a rat, aud laid that if this were a contraband job he'd have to be paid heavy for the risk he run. The man owned it waa a contraband job, and the cheet must not be opened by us uor anyone ' else ; and he'd give us something hansom if we pulled it off all right, but not a fardeu if we didn't. Father, he says, says he, proud like, 4 I've been a smuggler,' he says, ' man and boy seventy-one year' — he was then heighty-fower 'and I've never lost so much as a jack of baccy, and it don't stand to reason as I'm going to be run down now.' The man answered and said he Imowed father's record, and that's why he applied to him. So it was agreed there and then that father should have a boat ready waitin' off Deadman's P'iut at high water, which was half after 11. Father was for doin' the job all alone, hut he couldn't get no one to lend him a boat 'cause yon see he wasn't known like nor much respected at Bonport, havin' just come off his seven year at Dartmoor. So in this here fix he cornea to me, and I going to church regular and drawin' my bread every Sunday, was that trusted that a Plymouth brother lent me his boat in tho a£ tornoon to pull to Towerbridge — Imakin' out as the rheumatics didn't allow of my walking. I turns the boat and lays round the p'int out of sight till night fell. And as pretty a night it was as ever I see for harvestiii' a crop o' tubs, with the wind corain' right out o' the sou- west, the r.1111 a comin' down a treat, aud as black as a hedge. At 1 1 o'clock we beaches the boat, and at half after comes this man with his chest. There was not a word spoke ; we put the chest in, run the boat down, aud the job I counted was as good as finished. We pulled out without a light till we was about a couple of miles out, and thenfather leaving the work to mo lugs out a bit of a lantern from his pocket, and sprcaum' his tarpaulin' over it, takes and lights it with a lucifer. 'Father,' I says, says I, We (lon't want no light for this job, and the lamp may do us a mischief.' ' Speak when you're spoke to, young 'un,' he says — young 'uu he called me though I was over sixty — 'speak when you're spoke to. I'm goiu' to see what's in this here chest. It ain't the first time I've known half hearted 'una chuck away stolen property when they thouqht it might lead to information.' And with that he shoves a cold chisel under tho lid and, with a sharp wrench, bustes it open. ' Curse it !' says he, sho win' the lamp inside, ' It ain't nothing but a gal.' And as I leant forard I see there a child, looking like as if it was oomferably asleep, with a little twist of hair blowin' about in the breeze. in' Is it dead ?\ I says. 4 Of course it is,' says he, ' do you think it would lay still and not snivel if it warh't ?' And he was taking his lantern out and goin' to fling the lot out, in disgust, when I stops him, for, by the Lord, I see the child's eyes open under the light. The wind and rain had kind of revived it, I reckon. 4 Father,' I says, ' it's alive.' 'Well, we won't give it; time to get fractious,' says he, banging down the lid. Now, sonny, 1 hadn't never done any job of this sort before, and I turned sick at the thought of heaving that living child into the sea, like a mangy dog, for she looked to me the very daps of my Sukey when she was a little 'un. Then, as father laid hold of the chest for to heave it out, the sickness inside of me seemed to turn to lire, and what I hadnever dared tell father, my soul was my own, I upped and told him with a voice as didn't seem to belong to me as I'd peach on him, if he hanged tor it. Father, he was goiug to knock my head off my shoulders then and there, but on second thoughts he didn't. After turnin' of it over in his mind a bit he says, says he : 'If we don't drown the young one what are we to do with it ? It don't stand to reason that we're going to'lose the price of this here job !' ' Well,' says I, You pull me into Pringle's hole, and I'll run up with it home, which I may well do with out bein' seen in such a love of a night as this here. Then I'll come back and we'll out abit, and then into Deadman's Point and take the money_ off the gent.' ' That's all right for', the night,' he says, 4 but what aic you going to do with the varment to-morrow and liever after?' 4 Do with it ?' says I. 4 1 rare it up like as if it waa my enrn child,' 44 We disputed of it a long while, but at last father gave in, and we carrleA-owt.w . accordian— the gent looking in the boat when we run into Deadman's Point, and goin' off quite content." (to be continued.) 