IJiteratme. THE KEEPER OP THEJKEYS. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' 'LazaniB in London,' ' The Courting of Mary Smith.' 11 The YonageBt MUb Green.' ' Mo Ohurch,' &0.&C; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] 'For Urn she was purity, charity, the Keeper ot the Keys ol whatsoever Is held precious by men.'— George mebbduh. BOOK I.— FORTUNA. Chapter XXIX. — Ai the 8tation. Although it was Bernard Gair'a private conviction that his cousin Dominic would be the death of his favorite hone, he was glad to get rid of him even at that price. What was one hone more or less to him In comparison with being qalb of his cousin's self-righteousness, his superior morality, his firework displays of virtuous indignation ? Bab Dominic urged on hla mad career without doing any particular iiarm to the horse or himself, or, as he ap proached Scarborough, to the straggling children, nursemaids, and visitors on the sands. He was utterly regardless of the sanctity of human life ; but human life providentially (managed to escape him with a few shrieks and sbampedes. He iiad been very much shocked at Bernard's ceckleBB treatment of bis charger ; he had sever seen a hone treated so abominably, lie had considered a little while ago f but he dashed on like Tam o'Shanter or Ma zeppa, and drew not rain, or breath almost, till he was at the railway station. After all he was too late, juBt aa Ber* sard Galr prophesied that he would be, and we grieve to record that his language in consequence was hardly that which should characterise a hero of the first class. He was stamping aboub the station, and a man -was in charge of the hone without, when a face that he thought he knew looked ab him almost enquiringly. A North Scar borough face — Mr. Pith's. Theproprletorof GreenMount House was standing talking to the sbatlonmaater, but he recognised Dominic and came towards tim with a very rusty top hat on the back of his head, thereby throwing his rugged features Into considerable relief. He held In his hand the ordinary orange- colored envelope suggestive of so many things — of such good news and bad, auch bright hopes and dark fears. ' Ton are Mr. Galr, I think,' he said onceremonioudly ; *' the young man who swings himself on my gate when he comeB to see Miss S Yanderspur. I wish you wouldn't, because — oh, but that does not ?matter, now she's gone.' ' Ah ! they have lefb you then — Miss Tanderspur and her father ?' 'Yes. All of a hurry. What, as a matter of fact, I might even call indecent haste.' - ^ ' Did you nob know theysirere going ?' asked Dominic. 'Not till this afternoon,' said Pith, ' and then Miss Vandenpur out with it. It's my belief 1b had been arranged be Iween her and her father the night before, that's my opinion— bub I'm nob always right.' ' I suppose nob.' ?'Never were people who gave other people such a blessed lot of trouble as those Vanderspun,' said Mr. Pith in dignantly, 'and now here have I been tearing about with a telegram for them that's come since they started, and I'm too late and had all my bother for nothing. It's aggravating, to say the least of it.' * ( Do you know where they have gone ?' 'Oh! no. They took good care of that. Not a hint of it upon their luggage — or anywhere. Mrs. Pith ask«d them where ahe should send any communica tions that might arrive, and they said . they would send their address in a few days. Pub her off, In fact, don't you see ?' ' I do not see anything or know any. thing,' said Dominie irritably. Mr. Pith looked aa If he did not put any great faith In the reply. 'What are you knocking about here for, then ?' he asked unceremoniously. Dominic was surprised — not being aware that want of ceremony was Ingrained in ihe very inner depths of Mr. Pith. Bub he answered him, as ib were, instinctively. ' I heard by accident they were leaving Scarborough by the five o'clock train. I ctme to say good-bye to them,' he said. *- And missed 'em— like me ?' 'Tea.' 'Everybody seems missing trains and friends to-day,' said Mr. Pith. «',And that's rather singular. Me Marney— a friend of these Yandenpun — do you know Mm ? ' 'Yes. What of him!' ' ' He was off in an awful hurry, too, to catch the last train but one, but ha waited for this after alL Daresay that was all arranged, too,' said the suspicious Pith, 'so that It shouldn't look funny their ?ecddlcg sway, all of a lump like, together.' 'Are yon sure of this ¥ * Yes. ?. One or two of our people were on the platform and saw him go— and the odd part of It is, he went away In the next carrlageto the Yanderspurs. Not together. And yet they were chattering away all bat night in the old man's room— the three of 'em. Thick as thieves. Oh II hate mysteries. I like people to say what they mean right out.' *?4Ji! that does not always answer,' ??Id Dominic, thinking of a little convex «gflnjhe Bad recently had with his cousin 'In tie long run It does. 1 hate sly ven«n4 women, keeping tilings baok as V tney«were likely to be hanged for letting \- .Dominic thought now of Dorcas Pith. this man's daughter, and fancied there would be a little disturbance shortly at Green Mount House on this very subject, but he said— ?'Mr. Yandenpur's business was not jour*, Mr. Pith, In any way.' ' No ; there's something in that, cer tainly. I am not certain that I was thinking much of the Yandenpun when I made that last remark. Something much nearer home to me, perhaps,' he said, with a frown suddenly deepening his innumerable wrinkles, ' but there— sufficient for the day Is the evil thereof. It's a good text that— it gives us strength and teaches us a lot of patience. Dash it all ! what am I to do with this wretched thing?' he cried, holding op the telegram. ' I could tear it to pieces for two pins I must return it to the post office, I suppose, and go crawling round there to explain.' ' Give it to roe. i'il see it is safely de livered to Mr Vanderepur— I will deliver it myself,' eald Dominic confidently. 'Ah I you are ail of one gang, I know, andall^cff together,' Baid Pith blnatly, 'and as you're 'more likely1 to find them than anybody else, you may as well have It_, thongh I don't think it is the rules.' *' Hang the rules,' said Dominic, tak ing tbe telegram from his hand and marching unceremoniously away with It. Mr Pith looked after him. ' Wish I hadn't let him have that tele gram,' he said ; ' I don't think that it 1b quite right, after all. Here ! — hi !— you sir ! — wait a moment.' Bat Dominic did not wait. When Mr. Pith was at the station door he Baw Dominic Galr on horseback tearing madly down the street. Chapter XXX. — No News. Dominic Galr rode away from the rail way- station In an exclbed,'turbulent, boil ing-over state of mind The movements of the Yandenpun were lncompre- henslble ; there was but one thing to explain It all, he 'considered — a want] of confidence in him — nothing else that could ^possibly explain it — and he would never forget It, or forgive it, unless Fortuoa was the victim of Bome deeply laid diabolical plot between that wretched old Yandenpur and - that canting, hypocritical, snivelling old Marney — the two partners in a firm that had failed some ten yean ago under exceedingly shady cir cumstances — men who would do any thing — men who had done everything to bolster up their credit, the confidence of the trade, of their bankers, of their creditors generally — and who had come to grief at last with a run. Yea— men who would do anything evidently ! — that was the secret of it all. He knew he was not easily hoodwinked. Poor Fortuna ! By Jove, he should go stark, staring mad, and be rollicking about somewhere In a straight-waistcoat and with his head shaved In the course of a few hours. He knew he should — there waB nothing to stop him that he could see. After he had galloped his cousin Ber nard's round to the stables he was at his wits' end what to do. What he really did the remainder of that day he was never able to remember. He felt sure in his own mud that he should her from Fortuna in the morning — that there would be a long letter from her full of the most elaborate explanations, the deepest sympathy with tha anxiety from which she would be sure he was suffering — 'a full, true, and particular account' of everything. And there was no letter — not a postcard— not the ghost of a sign of her existence. What did it mean? Fortuna would not have lent herself to a .plot to deceive him — she who was the very sublimity of truth and candour ! Had she not insisted on his knowing the whole story of her father's malversations, his punishment, his prison life, so that he might be quit of her if he would — if her family connections were a trifle embarras sing to hlB. Bub she had been debarred from writing— something bad happened — there had not been time — she would send him a telegram in the course of the day — he would have patience and wait. He had not any patience, but he waited. And as our readers — who are In the secret — are already aware, he waited in vain. Poor Fortuna was raving then — un- conscious of Dominic's anxiety concerning her — a prisoner in the shabby house of Wickerwlll — struck out of the dally cur rent of active life for a time as com pletely as her father was, who, covered ovtr with a white sheet, was quietly awaiting the coroner's Inquest on ail that was left of him. Surely it was Impossible that she had any wish to get away from him, or was certain that he, Dominic, was not to be trusted — that could nob account for her Bilence* thought Dominic, when the day had dragged its slow length along without any tidings of her — oh ! no, that was not likely. She must be ill — perhaps she was murdered, like the heroine of the 'shil- ling shudders' — only there was no object in killing her that anyboby could fathom, He would wait till the next day, before he acted precipitately; people said that he was headstrong, rash — blundering even at times— but what a mistake that all was ! Here he was In Scarborough still, patient and uncomplaining, watchful and waiting, almost afraid to move least he should miss a message to him or a clue to her. He was sure in his heart that next morning would clear up the mystery of the ' Yandenpura' disappearance — that Fortuna would explain Ib her self — he thought after dinner when he was Inclined to be less despondent and see less shadows before him. And the next day was silence also. Fortuna was jast able to talk faintly to Miss Wickerwlll and to doze off again — to wonder vaguely about Dominic and then drift away Into dream land — and our hero gave up ab last bhe passive method of considering the poBibion. The waiting game had never agreed with him and now was the time for action — short, sharp, and decisive. He set the wires at work on his own account to begin ? with. He telegraphed to Caleb Vander Bpur at his city office ; he telegraphed to Eugenie Yandenpur at Brelade Mansion, Streatham ; he telegraphed to his mother, Mrs. Galr, of Rose Cottage, Tunbridge Wells ; he telegraphed to the general manager of the Great Northern railway, and he took the liberty of sending a tele gram to Great Scotland Yard to enquire If any accident had happened anywhere with which an elderly gentleman and hla daughter might have been possibly — and unfortunately — connected. He might have been disposed to con alder ib all as simply a desire to get away from him on the 'part of Mr. Yandenpur — but not on Fortuna'e part — after the first mad rush of yesterday's suspicions. He was sore that Fortuna was not deceiving him or helping others to deceive him — perish such a thought as that now I The telegrams that reached him in reply were all unsatisfactory. Oa'eb Yandenpur did nob answer to begin with — although Dominic had expended an extra sixpence for an 'answer paid' — and Caleb's daughter, Eugenie, wired back that ahe was nob aware that the Yandenpun had 'lefb Scarborough;' Mn, Galr -had nob heard from anybody aboubany thing ; the general managerof bhe Great Northern would refer the question to somebody else, and promised to com municate further when he had anything to tay ; and Great Scotland Yard was not in the least excited and took the trouble to state that fact politely, with a delicate intimation that it was not to be harassed until there was something substantial to go upon. Dominic was hurb ab more than one of these replies and raved a little upon the receipt of them; bub after a while he thought, that he might be slightly over doing It. What a fool he should look if the next post brought him the Informa tion that Yandenpur and daughter were quietly ensconced In their new apartments In tows,.and would be very pleased to see him to tea when he came back from Soar* borough and felt disposed to drop In. He went round to Green Mount House In tbe course of the day to ask If anything had been heard In that quarter, and here he received no satisfactory reply either. Mr. Pith was out, and Mrs. Pith wss very busy as usual and would evidently be glad to see the back of him. There was no news whatever of the Vanderapurs. 'Have you heard from Mr. Marney 2' Dominic enquired. ?- 'Not a word. But he's coming back again.' 11 How 6\\- you know ?' 'Well— he's left his Saratoga trunk blocking up the place downstairs and. we all bave to climb over it,' said Mrs. Pith ; ** he's sure to come baok for that ' 'Pray let me know If he returns bo day. It Is of the utmoBt importance to me' 'Certainly, sir.' Bub Mr. Marney did not return, and after waiting for the first post next day Dominie Galr started for London, first leaving sundry instructions at the hotel as to the dispatch of all letters and telegrams that might be forwarded to him after his departure. And then he had shaken bhe dust of Scarborough from his feet, and felt glad that he was on his way to town again — on the move — doing something — probably approachlDg the mystery which had enshrouded the Yanderspurs and nearly driven him mad. Chapter XXXI. — Caleb Vanderspur, Dominie Galr had not lost time in packing up after the first post had reached the hotel ; there was no news for him of Fortuca, and only one long letter from his mother asking what was the matter and generally brimming over with acute nervousneeB, which he thought he would endeavor to comprehend distinctly in bhe tram on his way bo town. He caughb the express train and was [at King's Cross soon after two in the afternoon. It was a quarter to three when he was being ushered Into the presence of Mr. Caleb Yandenpur, and that great man was glowering aoross his library 'desk at the intruder as though he would like to eat him. Mr. Caleb Yanderspur could not very well have sent out an intimation that he wan not within or too busy — he would have been glad to do so, but he knew that it would be only postponing bhe evil day — or the evil hour— of an . interview, and that Dominic Gair would only surprise him by a visit to Streatham later on and expect to be asked to abay to dinner. And he had friends to dinner that night, respectable deputies and secondaries, aldermen and livery men, and their wives — such wives, some of them. Mr. Caleb Yandenpur was in a bad temper, and looked it. Everybody knew at tbe office when Mr. Yanderspur was in a bad temper, he kept the staff busy and ab fever heat and nothing went well with him or the staff either from nine a.m. till his carriage called for him at four o' the clock precisely and took him home — as the junior clerk said Irreverently — like a bear with a sore head. He was a bear with a sore foot that morning, incipient gout had taken him unawares and made a cripple of him— as it did occasionally — and one cannot be ex* pected to look the pink of amiability with a red-hot needle running a seam, or a tuck, or something the full extent of the big toe, and keeping on at It too despite of ptntest and strong language and appeals to the gods, all of which Mr. Caleb Yanderspur tiled La turn, being a man of little patience when subjected to superfluous affliction. In this he may have possibly resembled his brother Richard, for In no other reBpect was It easy to trace a likeness be tween the prosperous city solicitor and the city merchant who had ten yean ago gone irretrievably to the bad, and who only two or three days since was still floundering In the Slough of Despond and trying hard— though he was not aware of the effort — to drag his daughter down with him. Caleb Yandenpur was ball and thin, a grey-haired and brown-eyed man. who had been bandBome in hia youth. He was the senior of hla brother Richard by seven or eight yean ; he had an awkward stoop in the shoulders and shuffled very much in his gait. He was a keen- looking old man was this last of bhe Yandenpun, although the predominant expression on his face was self- importance, unless his looks belied him or his starchy collar threw up his head too high and held him far too tightly round the throat for any chance there might have been of showing ab times — nob too often, of coune — that humble and contrite spirit which we are all en joined to display at every unseasonable opportunity. People who knew him thoroughly well — some of his old pity cronies — had been heard to affirm that old Caleb, 'Crusty Caleb,' was not altogether a bad sort, but these wild enthusiasts were few and far between — the general con sensus of contemporary opinion being that he was as 'hard as nails' and as ' proud sb Lucifer, and that bhe sooner there was an end of him the better for every one of his acquaintance. And yet the City of Lon don could hardly have got on without him was the private opinion of Caleb Yander spur, who in momenta of calm reflection often wondered what would happen to the city when ib pleased the Lord to remove him. Dominic Galr had been frequently a gueBt at Brelade Mansion, Streatham, but this was under circumstances beyond Caleb Yandenpur's control, and Dominic's cousin was engaged to Eugenie Yander spur, and it was undentood that Dominic was 'aa good as engaged' — despite all assertions to the contrary — to Caleb Van derapur's niece, but Caleb had not been glad to see our hero, and our hero had dis liked the sharp old gentleman far more than his politeness would allow him bo de clare. He had been nearly declaring Ib, though, once or twice, youbh as he was, when matbera had gone ' contrary' and his blood had risen to fever heat with wonderful celerity beneath some taunts or alights uncommonly hard to bear with his lady-love a witness thereto. Hence the present meeting was the re' verse of being effusive — the old man did not rise from his seat, did not offer to shake hands, did not aek him to take a chair, but looked furtively at him from under his thick eyebrows, and Dominic was In too excited a state to care much — or even to notice at first — the chilling character of bis reception. 'Well, Mr. Galr,' said Caleb, 'to what am I Indebted for the honor of this special visit ?' 'I thought you might guess, sir, after my telegram of yesterday.' ' Ah ! yea— you did telegraph. I re member.' ' I don't) remember getting an answer though,' was the quick reply. ' There wan nothing to answer,' re plied Mr. Vanderspur. ' If I had heard of my brother or niece in any way I would have replied to you, but I had not heard.' 'Notawoid?' ' Not a word,' repeated Caleb Vander spur, ' and so you had better secure your prepaid telegram before it is mislaid, Mr. Gair. There it is,' and he very neatly flipped over to his visitor the form for prepaid messages with the end of an ivory penholder. * Dominic frowned, took up the message, folded it carefully, and put Ib In his waist coat pocket. ' Thank you,' he said coldly, ' then I need not detain you any further.' ' I think it la hardly necessary,' said the solicitor; 'I am extremely pressed for time this afternoon.' ?* Good-day, then.' 'Good-day to yon.' Dominic Galr was baok ab the door — his hand upon it even — but he swung round again and with two strides was at Mr. Yandenpur's desk. The solicitor went baok with a start into the recesses of his chair, as it were, but sat up with an extra rigidity of spine the instant afterwards. 'Are you not anxious?' Dominic asked. ' Anxious— aboub what ?' Caleb said. .-.-?? *' Abont your brother and niece. They leave Scarborough suddenly —nob a word has been heard from them since,' *' They have a right to go where they please, Mr. Galr?' ' Something has happened.' ' What gives you that remarkable im pression 2' , 'Fortuna would have communicated with me. She knows that I am anxious etaoerning her — that I was expecting to be with her and her father a great deal from this time, and— and she would not have disappeared thus strangely without a reasonable motive. Why should she ? We are engaged to be married — her father has freely given ua his consent — and — where are they ?' 'My dear Mr. Galr, it is not the slightest use your Bboatiag at me 03nua drums of btls description at a time when I bave tbe moat pressing business on band,' said the solicitor lofoily and irritably now ; * ' their movements do not interest me In the least, and the fast that a formal engagement has been entered into between you and my nleca — though it might have been communicated in a more respectful manner and nob fired off at me like a gun — does not require dis cussion ab the present moment. I miy have a great deal to eay concerning Ib pre sently.' 'I have not come to discuss it. I thought it possible that Forbuua had written to you or to your daughter.' 'Fortuna has simply written to aay that ebt prefers her father's aociety to mine from this bime forth — that she leaves my home for his — God knows where that is likely to be !— and shares his life in stead of mine.' 'I am not surprised at that,' said Dominic bluntly. ? Caleb Yandenpur turned red, but he kept his dignified atop out. There were times -when he could launch forbh bhe moat forcible and cutting expletives with any man, but he preferred the stately style on this occasion and with one so inconteBbably hie junior. ' You wonld be, Mr. Galr, If you knew the exact position.' 'I do know It.' ' Eh, how's that?' 'Mr. Richard Yanderapur told his daughter his whole history ? ' ' At my request — If you have no objec tion, I should like you to bear that in mind.' ' I was nob aware of that.' 'PoBBlblynob.' ' And Fortuna Insisted upon my know Ing the whole position at once.' ' I am nob quite sure It was necessary,' said Caleb thoughtfully, ' but as the thing is done, there is an end of It. My unfortu nate brother Ib not the man whom I am par ticularly anxious to see in Bole charge of his daughter. A change has been made, aad it is not a change for bhe better. I have not been consulted in the, matter or my opinion solicited, as it should have been, considering that for yean a home— that I may, without any great degree of boasting, . term sumptuous— haB been offered Fortuna, who has been put In every way on an equality with my daughter — and — but there— there I have told you already lam distressingly busy. Good God, sir,' he exolalmed, losing his temper ab last, aa a violent twinge In his toe took him off his guard, ' I am nob Bitting here to listen to a Btory of a boy and girl's en gagement. I am pressed for time— bewil- dered— in pain. Why— why the devil don't you go away ? I don'b know where my niece Is— that's what you came to ask, wasn't it ?— Idon't care where she Is, or her fool of her father either. They have neglected my advice— they have—they have — please go away now— good after ? hood, Mr, Galr. Good afternoon to you.' ' Good afternoon,' said Dominic, look ing a little surprised as well as angry at this sudden outburst ; then he took his leave for the second time of the great Caleb Yanderspur. 'That old man I| never twice alike,' he muttered as he went Into the crowded city Btreets; 'I shall never understand him. He Is an unbearable old savage ; and surely It was worth Forbuna's giving up his home when he was one of the features there, I never liked him. I never shall.' (To be continued.) 