HALLUCINATION. You ask me why I am going to marry? I can scarcelydareconfess toyou the strange and inconceivable reason which urges me to this insane course. I am going to marry in order not to be alone. I do not know.how to tell it-how to make myself understood. You will pity me and you will despise me when you know in what a wretched state of mind I am. I do not want tobe alone any more at night. 1 want to feel some being near me, close to me, a being that can speak,say something, no matter what. I want to be able to rouse that being from sleep, to be able to ask that being any question sud denly- even a stupid question, so that I can feel my dwelling is inhabited-so that. I can know that a mind is awake, that a reasoning power is at work-so that, if I suddenly light my candle, I can see a human face beside me-because-because (how dare I avow my shame ?)-because I am afraid when I am by myself I Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not afraid of any danger. If a man were to come in I would kill him without a shudder. I have no fear of ghosts; I do not believe in the supernatural. I am not afraid of the dead; I believe in the total annihilation of every human being. that passes away'. Then? Yes, then Well, .I am afraid of myself I! . I am afraid of being afraid; afraid of the mental spasms tllat are driving me madl; afraid of the horrible sense of incom prehensible terror. Laugh if you pleasoe It is hideous; it is incurable. I I am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of familiar oljects which seenm to me to become ani mated with a sort of animal life. Above all, ] am afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the confusion of my reason which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. First I feel a.vague disquiet that passes into my mind and makes all myflesh creep. I look around mo. Nothingl :And I feel a need of something. Of what?' Something' inacemprehensible. Then I become afraid, simply because I cannot comprehend my fear. I speak! I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then I am frightened by the unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, or inside the armoire, or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly well there is nothing in any of those places.- 1 turn around suddenly because I am afraid of what is behind me, although there is nothing behind me, and I know it. I am nervous; I feel the scare growing upon me, and I lock myself into my room, and bury myself in bed, iand hide my. head under tle bedclothes, and, cowering there, I shut my eyes in desperation, and thuis remain for.a seemingly infinite length of time, oppressed by the thought that my candle is still burning on.the little table beside the bed,. and that I should really blow it out. - And yet I dare not! Is it not frightful to be in such a con dition? There was a time when I never felt this way. I used to go homo feeling n perfectly calm. I went out and came in n 'without anytling to trouble the serenity of my mind. If 1 had then been told what 1 a stupid and terrible disease of fear-of in- I credible fear--would come upon me in after t days I would certainly have laughed. I a used to open the doors in the dark with c perfect confidence; I used to make my pre parations for going to bed quietly, without I even bolting myself in, and I never thought of getting up in tie middle of, the night to see if all the entrances to my room were strongly secured. , The trouble .began last year in a singult.r way. Itwas in autumn, on a certain damp evening. When myhllousekeeper had taken her departure, after I had dined,. I asked myself what I was going to do.. For some a time I walked up and down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably. depressed, incapable of doing any work, lacking even tIe mental force to read. A fine rain was I moistening tile window panes;.I was melan- a choly, all permeated by one of those cause- a less attacks of despondency which make t you feel inclined to cry-whach make amen c want to talk to somebody or anybody in c order to shake off the weight of one's own fancies. I felt lonesome. Never before. did .my dwelling seem so. empty. An infinite andl t heart-sickening solitude surrounded me. .s What was I to do? I sat down. Then a 1 nervous impatience seemed to pass iuto anmy legs. I got up and began to -walk again. Perhaps I was also a little feverish, 'for my a liands, clasped behind my back; seemed to 1 burn one another whenthey touched. Then a sudden cold shudder ran down my back. I I thought that the outside dampness was 1 entering the room, and it occurred" to me' a that it would bewell to light na fire. I lit it, and 1 sat down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impossibility of re nmaining quiet in any one position forced me to get up again, and I felt that I would have to go out somewhere, to- stir myself, to find a friend.:: . . . Iwent out. - First ivisited the.honses of a three different friends, no one of whom s was at home; then I went on the boulevard, I resolved to find some acquaintance or other. Itwas disnial overywhere. The wet side- c walks were shining. A watery lukewarm- a ness-ond of those lukoewarmnesses which r nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers 1 -seemed to bear downi over, the .whole a streetand to make lthe gais jotsbuni rvearily? and dim: I walked along' sluggislly, sayinmg over rind' over again to myself, " I won't find anyj .body to talk to." Several times I' looked r into all tlie cafes between La Madeleinie rid .1 tlhe FoubourgPoissonniere. Onlymiiserable- a lob?king people, wlihoe did not seem to have t even vrn enough to finish whidrt they had t ordered, were sitting at tile tables. I-wandered about in this way for a long ~tiine, and about midnight I took my way Ilom'o I was. quite calm, but very tired. My coeciecme, who always goes to bed before t eleven o'clocl?, opened thIe door for me at e once, contrary to his usual hIabit; and I ' thliought to myself, "IIellol some other e nloogr must lave just gone upstairs." e \henever I go out 1 always double loock mly door. This time I found it simnily pulled to, anmi the fact impressed me. I r theouglt that perhaps some letters might y have ben brought upi-stairs during tihe . eovening. I went in; My fire was still liurning, even brightly enough to light up tl?h? apartment. I toolothe candle in order i to kindle it at the grate, when, as I looked I :right before me, I saw some one sitting in d my easy- chair, with his back turned to me, apparently warming his feet atthe fire. p 1' was not startled at all--not the least in a t'ie' world. A very natural supposition d 'ccured to me, namely, that one of my friendls lad comeo to pay me a visit. Tie concierge, to whom I ihad given instructions Is vlhen I went ont, had naturally told the visitor tlat I would soon be back, and had lent him Iris own key. . . t' JMy friend, whose hair alone I could see over thie back of thIe chair, had evideitly t dropped asleep whlile'waiting for ny' rc- ' turn, and I proceeded to wake him uip. I f then got a ndistinct view of hii. Iis riglit J arm Imng down; liis feet were crossed one c over tie othler,' and tihe way lis:l had drooped a little to the left of the arm-chlair, C shlowed plainly enough that iw'as asleep. A I askedsmyself," Wo is it?" i Tlme light mn a thie room was not strong enoughlito see per- I fectly by. I put out my hand to touch his shoulder. My hIand touched only tlmwood f of the chairl Nobody was 'there I The a chair w'as empty " ' Mercyl what a shock it gav'ine.' First I v leaped back as if some terrible peril Iad made itself visible. Then I'turned rund, t feeling thlat som ebodywas behind me; then, almost as qnickly, an imnperative ddsire to look at that chair again made me whirl a arourmid a second time, and I stood 'tlihere panting withl fear, o bpmvildered as tobbe a incanpanle of thinling-omi the very point t of falling, . ' ' . ' .' But I am by nature a cool man, arid mny self-possession soon retraned. I'thoughml' to myself, "I hlave justhnd an hallucination'- 1 tlat is all!" And I immediately beganto a reflect on the. phenenonueon. " In such c moments the mind operates rapidly. I hmad ihad an lhallucination-thiat was an t incontestable fact, Nowv my mipd had al i time time remained clear, performing 'its functions regularly and logically. 'flre I was consequently no affection of the brain. The'eyes alone lhad been dehlunled, andehad deluded-my imagination. The' eyes hanid ri .t vision-'onoe ;of' those visions that smake" simpleminded folk'believe in miracles. It I was siinply.a norivous necidet t'o the opti~ahl ' apparanps-nothinmg m?ore; perhiais there'o was a sllght congestion, I lighted my candle. As I bent ddo'n r over thie fire I found myself trembling, iiiid I drew myself np again with a sudden start, as if some one lied touched me from behind. Certainly my nerves were out of order, I walked to and fro for a little while. I talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few ? airs. Then I double-locked the door of my ;e room, and began to feel somewhat reassured. o At all events, nobody could get in. .o Again I sat down, and for a long time I thought over my adventure. Then I put o out my light and went to bed. y For a few minutes everything seemed all u right. I remained lying quietly on my I back. Tlheg I felt an irresistible desire to look at my room, and I turned over on r my side. My fire held only two or three y red embers, which barelylighted the legs of ae the chair; and I thought I saw the man sit e ting there again. I struck a match quickly; I- butI had been mistaken-I could see noth I ing. Nevertheless, I got up, took the chair t and placed it out of sight behind my a bed. I Then I made everything dark again, and a tried to go to sleep. I could not have sunk ,e into unconsciousness for more than five I minutes, when I saw in a dream, and as distinct as reality itself, the whole incident I of that evening. I awoke in terror, and n after striking a light, sat up inbed without t daring to go to sleep again. o Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seized upon t me for a few moments, in spite of myself. 1 Twice I saw the same thing. I thought I t had actually gone madl When daylightappeared I felt completely f cured, and took a peaceful sleep until mid El day. It had passed-entirely passed. I had o had a fever, a nightmare, or something, of that sort. I had been sick. Nevertheless, I I thought myself very much of a fool. 1 That day I was ipuite jolly. I dined at r the cabaret, went to the theatre, and then started for home. But, as I drew near my e house, a strange feeling of uneasiness took f possession of me. I was afraid of' seeing ii him again - him l Not afraid' of him f exactly - not afraid of his preseice in which 1 did not believe, but afraid, of a another optical trouble, afraid of the fear that would come upon me. For more than an hour I walked dlp and down the sidewalk. Then at last I decided that this was absolute folly, and I went in. I panted so that I could scarcely climb the stairs. I stood on the landing in front of my room for fully ten minutes more. Then, suddenly, I felt a rush of courage, a bracing r up of will. I plunged my key into the r lock; I rushed forward with a lighted candle in my hand; I kickued in the un f fastened door of the room, and throw one r terrified glance at the fireplace. I saw nothing. I All what a relief I :What:a jy! Whht a deliverancel I went to and fro with a swaggering air. 'But still I did liot feel perfectly comfortable. I would turn rouind Sby fits and starts to look behind me; the darkness in the "corners of the' rooin frightened me. I I slept badly, being incessantly startled out of my rest by in?ginary noises. But 1 never saw him. No-that was all over. Ever since that day 1 have been afraid to be alone at night. I can feel it there, close to me--the vision It did not make its appearance again-oh, no And what matter, anyhow, since I don't believe in it, since I know that it is nothing. Still, it annoys me, encause I keep' all the time thinking about it. One arm was hanging down on the ilght side ; his head dropped a little to the loft, like that of a man asleep. Come, that's enough' of it. I don't want to think any more about it. And still, what is this feeling' of being haunted? Why does it persist in this way ? His feet were close to the flrd. iHe haunts me; it is madness, but it is sol Who is lihe? I know perfectly well that lie does not exist-that it is nothing whatever. Ioe only exists in my appreihen sion, in my fear, in my anguish. That's enough. S Yes, but it's no use for me to reason wkitli myself about it- no use to try to brace'up against it; I can't remain alone' at home any more, because lie is there 1 I know I won't see him any mor;: hle won't show m himself again. But he is there all the sanme, in my thoughts. Because he remains invisible, it does not follow that lie is not there! He is behind the doors, in the arnm chair, and under the bed-in all the dark corners, in all the shadows; If I stir the door ever so gently so that it creaks upon its hinges, if I open my armoire, if I lower my light to look under the bed, if I throi the light upon the. corners, upon the 'shadows, lie is not there, but I feel him behind mel I turn round; certainnall the while thait I am 'not'going to seo hini; that I shall not sea him again: IIe is behind' still for all' that it is stupid and' atrocious I :Whatwould would you have mne do? But if there were two' of its together at home, I feel perfectly sure' he would not Sbo there any more. Hie is there because I am alone. ' 