THE HORRORS OF MEL- ! . botjrhe. j THE STILLY SABBATH. A Day of Awful Rest. (No. 4. Br W. BJ1.) Tiif,_ citizens of Melbourno deserve more cons|dcration than tho combined efforts of a spocial constable, a man-of-war, and an Act ot Rurliamont are capable of giving. They navo inoir strong points anu tlioir wcuk ones, and tlioy iiavo many, other charac teristics which do not come under cither of these definitions, simply because thcro js no means of penetrating- tlio mysterious lifo which they lead. The desire for the possession of gold represents the strongest feature, and their set on Sabbuth rocroation is their svcakeRt and most delu sive article of faith. Tlio Melbourno mau will do anything to make money on all occa sions, and nothing to amiiso himself on the soventli day. Ho engages himself in a hot effort to grow luxurious for six days out of the wook, and on tlio seventh ho wanders aimlessly about and wears a melan choly aspect. Tlio wealthier lie grows tlio moro miserable is Iiis Sabbath. Instances aro of daily oomirronco whoto citizens, who cheat ami swindlo for a whole working weok without iuterinissiou or remorse, collapse into a living sermon on Sunday and almost refuse to put on boots or bathe for fear they should unlit .tlioir minds for holy contemplation. A great many of these noble atoms uro now in Pentridgc and other penitentiaries, their only offence being caught in tho act of embezzling largely, or appropriating a cheque, or misrepre senting themselves to a fraudulent degree. These people absolutely refused when out of prison to allow tho visitor a poop into tlio art gallery on Sunday on tho principle that it was mortal Bin and dam nation to permit tho oyo to iall upon a beautiful painting. If the eye fell upon any thing elso it would not produce so much disaster. .They rogarded the opening of tlie National Library on such a day as too awful to think of, and worlced witli heart and soul to keep it barricaded. Through such people's interference more than to any influence, has tho Melbourne Sabbath drilled into a day of indescribable moans and misery. As the artificial places of recreation are olosed with an iron gate and thoro is no possibility of getting out of tlie city for a supply of fresh air, the only 'alternative is togo to church and pray for Di vino inter vention. If churches havo no attractions the prospect is far from pleasing. You are then condemned to tlio solitude of your own chamber, there to road and think and .groan, and study anarchy and propound theories on tlio reconstruction of society and the downfall of tlie fiend who destroys the usefulness of Sunday to the human family. Tho citizens who keep Molbourne without its physical und mental Sunday reoreation will, of course, in time, he removed. Tlioy ore drifting so fa3t towards prisons for crimes arising out of tho greed for gold that it can bo easily calculated, within a century or two, when these unnatural inflictions shall bo disposed' of. But until that - happy timo arrives there is no prospect of llelbourno ever having a Sabbath worth re joicing about. The New South Wales visitor is, therefore, put on his guard to ex pect to be confronted by this horror) and to manfully bear up against it. But if the Sabbath day fill the visitor with desnondenov. the sabbath night is calculated to drive liiin to an early grave withoutjChristian consolation. Directly the glorious sun sinks from sight a silence aS profound as that which reigus on tlie ocean floor 10,000 fathoms down, envelopes tlio city, and human joy is an old furgolteu thing throughout tho sanctified place. Tlie streets ure infected with tho spectres of the drinks and cigars which were consumed in our youtli, and they are falling tip against ghosts and goblins. Even tlio carnivurous policeman lias retired to his lair. Down Little Bonrko-streot a forlorn leper smokc3 his pipe in peace, secure from tho frown of civilisation. The Chinese den is hushed and still, for tho gamblers succumb to tlio general doprerision, and dream of chaos and lethcan confusion on a blighted gin-case. The wild oat and the kangaroo, emboldened by the desolation, trespass once moro upon the distorted scenery of ancient days, and liston to tlio gross growing in Collins-street and tho mournful cry of the morepork as it sits in gloom upon tho Post-office tower, and surveys the panorama of quietude from Parliament House to Spencer-streor. Suoli is what, ono contemplates for the future. Naturalists have not yet been ac quainted with this seemingly extraordinary reappearance of indigencoiis animals, for tlio simplo reason that no one hns evor before noted tho fact, not being awake or about on a Sunday night. This mattor opens up more arguments for tlio opinion expressed by a few tltit Melbourne will, in the courso of 70 or SO centuricB, revert to its original aspect, and bo inhabited by the beasts of the field again. That will bo when Melbourne gets tired of being marvellous, and-becomcB au advanced and crumbling ruin and a congenial haunt for the wombat and the paddy melon, and tlio grasshopper, and tlie buttercups and daisies, and " sieh like " evidences of pathless wilds. Such ,a condition would have its advantages. There would, for instance, be 110 land boomer, no Sunday restriotioriist, 110 em bezzler — but the native bear — no official toady, no newspapers, and no murky Yarrn. Tlio prospects after the next 70 centuries aro therefore bright and cheerful, and the visitor to the once dangorous southern settlement will then no longer live in an atmosphere of death, dodging all day long the pursuing typhoid and wholesale contami nation by iniquitous environment. Yes, thero is a good time coming. But tho pro- cise date had better be givon to avoid con fusion in tlie remote futuro. It will bo in tlio year of Our Lord 8S90. The visitor will, therefore, kindly defer iiis southern expedi tion. 