HOW THE ZULUS FIGHT By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Concluded from last week. Now the Zulus, running in the shape of a bow so as to wrap the laager round on three sides, were within seventy yards, and now fron every waggon broke tongues of fire. Over rolled a number of the Umtetwa, but the rest cared little. Forward they sped straight to the laanger, striving to force a way in. But the Boers plied them with volley after volley, and, packed as the Zulus were, the elephant guns, loaded with slugs and small shot did frightful execution. Only one man even got on to a waggon, and as he did so I saw a Boer woman strike him on the head with an axe. He fell down, and slowly, amid howls of derision from the two lines on the hill-side, the Zulus drew back. " Let us go, father !". shouted th saolderstoii the alope, uamong whom I was, to their chief, who had come up. " You have sent outthe little girls to light, and they ure frightened. Letus show them the way." . " N, no !" the ehief SIuesa .answered, laughin'g. ','Vat ia tminute nnd the little girls wilu grow fo womenh, itld women. are good enough to fight against Doers I'" : The attacking Zulus heard thel mockery of their fellows, and rushed forward again with a roar. ?But the Boers in the lhuger had found time to load, and they met with it warm recep tion. Rleserving ther lire till the Zulus wore packed like sheep in a kraal, they loosed into them with the.roere,;and the warriors fell in little heaps; IBut I esw that the blood of the Umtotwas was up; they did not mean to be beaten back this time, and the end was near. See ! six mon had leapt on to awaggoa, slali the manbohind it, and sprung into to laageri They were killed tiers, but others followed, and then I turned my head. But I could not shut my ears to the cnes of rage and ddath, ard, the terrible S'gEe!. ?'gre! of the savagoes as they did their work of murdor. Once onlyy I looloed up and saw poor Hatns Borthlastmftiing on a waggon smiting downe menl with the butt of. his rife. Then assegais shut up towards him like tongues of steel, and when I looked again he was gone. •I turned sick with fear and rage. But alas ! what could I do t They were all dead now, andprobably my own turn was coming, only my death would niot be so swift. The fight was ended, and the two liues on the slope broke their order, and moved down to the laager. Presently we were there, and a dreadful sight it was. imany of the attacking Zulus were ldead-quite fifty I should say,'and at least a hundred atd and fifty woere wounded, some of them mortally. The chief Sususa gave an order, the dead men were picked up and piled in a heap, while those who were slightly hurt walked off to find some otne to tie ul their wounds. But the more serious cases tmot with a different treatment. . The chief or one of his indunas considered 'each case, mid if it was in any waiy bad, the maul was taken tilu and thrown into the river which ran near. None of them offeored any objection, though one poor follow swat to shore again. He did not stop there long, however, for they pushed him back and drowned him by force. The strangest case of all was that of tme. chief's own brother. He had boon captain of the line, and his ankle wvis smashed by a bullet. Sususa came up to hun, alid, having examined! the wound, rated him soundly for fatlitig in tishe first onslaughlt. The poor fellow made the excuse that it was. inot his fault, as the iBoers had hit him in the first rush. His brother admitted the truth of. this, and talked to him amicably.; .,: "Well," lio said 'at laegtih,,ofeorinn himaa Sho, chief," said the woundedman, looking at his ankle. " And to-morrow we must walk far," went on Sususa. " Say; thlei,'will you siet hre on the velltt or Sand he nodded towards the river. The mhin'dropped his head on his breast for a 'minutd:as though in thought. Presently h3 lifted it and looked bususa strnightin the fico. "'y talkie p ains me, my brothler,"'li said; '" I'think I willigo back, to Zululand, for, there is the only kraal I wish to see again, oven if I creep aboutit like a snakec." " It is well, my brothor," said the chief. SBeast softly,' aud: ltuviitg shaken.hands with him, hae go'a an ornderto one of the.inuddias, and turoned away. . . Then moe oamo, anls suppeortitg.thn o wouldod man, led him dlosn.to the banlks oft the stream; Here, at his request; they tied ii hetvy stone round his tneck, and threw him itltoa?,dsep pool. I.suw the whole. sad scene, and the-victim never oven winced. Ib was impossiblol-ot to admire the extraordinary- courage of the iant, or to' avoid boing struck with the eoldtehoodod cruelty of his brother the chief. Antlyet the act was necessary from his point of new. The man muotoither die swiftly, or.b leift to perish a' starvation, foi no Zul forse. will oncumber itself with vounded ment. Years of moerciless warfare hadhsohardened these, people that thoe looked on death as nothing,, and were, to do ttheti justice, as willing to meet it themseales its to millet iton others. W' hen this very Impi had beesentout by the Zulu King DIth;g t, it consisted of some nine thosand mten. Now; it numbered less tha threoo: ; all the nest were dead. They, too, weotld probably soo hbo dead. Wltat.did it matter P They livedl by war to die in bleod. It was thtelr 'ntural rod.. "Kill till you are killed." That is the. mottlao the Zulu soldier. It hat the merit of simuplicity. Meanwhile the warriors wereo looting the all the dadBoie tuti uro cahep. I looked at the haip ; all of them wero there including the two stout fraus, poor thintgs. But I mesedl one hotly, that of tha aits hingh's daughter, little 'ota. A wild holpe came into tmy heart that shte might have escapite; but no, it was not Tihe Zullaus belicve tmet alter death their splt'ht toter lute tile bedlesa of lnsg ereot snhak , Wblieh glide about the kratls. I. blut thll t u sn'tls in ti aerrlege.--u. possible. I could only pray that she was a at rest. ..e... Just then the great Zol, uBonbyano, w.ho It had loft my side tu indulga in the conugnilo oc- y culmtion of looting, coa out of a wuggot cry ing tlniat Iho haot got thie " little white oue."? I h looked; heo was carrying the child Totbs, grip ping her frock in one of his huge black sands. s He stalked up to where we were, uand held the Ii child before thechief. " Isit dead, father?". he said, with a laoug. o Now. as I could well see, the child was not b dead, but had been hidden away, and fainted si with fear. -. cl The chief glanced at it carelessly, and said- g S"Find out with your kerrie.". is Acting on this hint the black devil hold up the a child, atid was about to kill it with his knob- I. stick. This was more than I could bear. I st spring tit hsi and struck him with till my force i in the face, little caritg if I was speared or not. r Hei dropped Tote on the ground. h " Onu" hosaid, putting his hand tohis nose, n "the White Spirit has a hard fist. Come, e Spirit, I will fight you for the child." The soldiers chterdl and laughed. " Yes, yes I" they said, "lot Ilombytmno fight the to white Spirit for the child. Lot the-, tight o1 with assegais." n For a moment I hesitated. What clianco haid I against this black giant? But I had hi proneied'poorHans to save the child if I could, t andt what did it matter ? As well iienow as later. Iowever, Ihud wit enough left to nmako hi a'favour of it, and intimated to the chief - throughIlidaba-zimbi that I was quite willing to condescend to kill iBombyune, oil conditiol at that if I did so the child's life should be given at to me. Indaba-simbi interpreted my. words, at but I noticed that he would not look oni me as esi he spoke, but covered his face withis hins ads and spoke of mu as. " the ghost" or the " son S1 of tho s irit." For some reason that I have nasve? quitumnderorsootd, the chief consented to the 'duel.' I fancy it was because heo believed i meta iM oro thoan morial, and was anxious to is soo t-dnlstbof lombyaoe..-. .. " Leothetu fight," he said. " Give them i asegais andi no shields; the child shall be to or him who cosiqucre." .W "t Ye. yes" cried the soldiers. "Let thoem fight... Don't be afradd, Bombynio ; if he is a gr lpirit, hie's a very smnall ono." " I never was frightoened of man or beast, to aind amu trnOt goillg to ruts away fro i White r Ghost," answered the redoubtablo llombyaso, r as he examined the blade of his great bangwat un 1 orstobbing assegai. .i Tilten thug mnadd ring round us, gave mu a ivt siiilar assegoai, and.set in some test paces apart. II kept imy fLce as'calmn as I could, nsd tried to pc show no signs of iear, though inll y heart I was ,terribly ifraid. 'Iumuanly speakingb , my doom Is ;was oil me. Tio giant warrior before mo had needthonasegi front a child--I had no experi- th ,once of the wea tml' Moreover, though 1 was 'quick and active,.u must have beeoon twice as Ii' starong as I arn Ilowover, there was no help fa for it, so, sottisg my teeth, I grasped the great spear, breathodit prayr, and waited. i Tiie diant stoo uwbilo looking it noo, and, 0as li he stood, Indasba.zinbi walked across the ring lo behind me, muttering as Iso passed, "Keep so cool, b'aeoumazahs, asd wait for ti. I will in make it all right." it1 As I had not lthoelightest intention of com- at moncing the fray, I thought this good advice, though how Intlubaizimbi could "lake it all w right," I failed to see. tu Hleavvns I how long that half-mnutoseesmed. w It happened masy years ago, but'the whole so scene rises up before my eyesy as I write. There behind us was. the blood-staincd hiioer, and r near it lay thei piles of dead; round uswuas rank upon rk'of plumoed ervoages, alsading is 'in silence to wait the issue of the duel, fsnd ii i the centre stood the grey-lhaired chief and , guneral, Setusa, in all lis war finery, a cloak of th ieopurd skin upon his shoulders. At his feot w lay the senan?ess form of little Tota, to Iny left sqouatted Indaba-zimbi, nodding his white lock a Inusltturing somethig -probubly spells; be whileo in trout sitm my giant antotgonist, hisi spelar aloft and his pIlumes waving il tihea gentle wind. Then over all, over grassy slope, e river, hid kotpio,. over the waggons of the loagor, the pi as of dead, thie dctse msines of hi .the living, the stoosning child, over all shonea the bright impartial sat, looking dovn like the ko indilfrent eyeo of heaven upon the loveliness of ht naturiued tile cruelty sof man... DrIwsi by the ho river.grow tlhrnstrceo, and:Trom them floutedI the sweot scent of the mig6ssi floiof,;h"nica?lie ti l the s0ound of cooing turtle doves., I noever smell the 0ote or hear tile other without tile scene "laselilsg into my. mind again, completo hi its ovary detail. . ,t okuddenly, without a sound, Ilombyano shook hi aisogni tond' rished straight at ume. I saw. his huge form come ;.like a otman ii a dreaum, I vi saw.the broad spea' Htishl on high ; now a le wis on mel Thes",i prompted to it by some provi. dontitlimpulolse--or had. the spelols olf Indba zimli unything ,to do with tile oattor ?-I dropped to my knee, attd quick as light stretched i out my spear. HeI drove at me: the- blade is paassed over my-head. I.felt a weighton y at iasegat ; it wis wreeucled from my hand, his groat limbs knlocked iggainst" mos. I glasced I" round:l.' ombyanu was, staggering alosg.with Ibtul thrown back anud outtretclsld armns fro a which Ila spair ihad fallen. His 'spear had falles, but tis bluadeof mine stood out between his shoulders-Ihad transfixed him. lie stopped, A swung round slowly as though to look at sec ; or then with a sigh the giant sank down-delrad ti For a moment there was silence ; then a great cry rise--a cry of "Iombyaoeis dead, s The White Spirit tss slaisn Bombyano. Kill ill the wizard, kill the ghost who has slain Bom- tl byaen by witcllraft." Instantly I was surrounded by fierce faces, i ndtapearstlashed beforemy eyes. I foldedmy armts and stood calmly waiting tile end. Is a moment it would Itrve come, for the warriors A were madlatseting, their champion overthrown A thus easily. Jlutprseatly througl the ttunmlt I Ihoerd tihe high, cracled voice of Indnba. t zimbl. hI '" Stand back, you fools !"' it cried; "can a to spirit then be killed ?" cc "',peas him ! spear him l! they roured il ot fury. Loet is see if he is a spirit. HIow did B a.?lirit slay Bombyane with anll assegal P- Spear r him rain-makeor, and we shall see." t "'Stanldback," criedlIndaba-zimbigain,"and in I will slhow yuositf l cans bhokilled. I will kill ), him myself, and call him back to life again T before your eyes." A i' laCtsneabhe,. trust me," hlie whispered in as my ear in tlhe Sistul tongue, which .tlea Zults a did not understatues. "Trust mn ; knol on tlhe p grass before me,.and when. I strike at you with s the sipear, roll over like one dosd ; thou, when ii you hear my voicenaguin, get up. , Trust mo-it tI is your only holes." ". ifaving oi choie I nodded myll ieonsin assent, B though I had not thefaintaeit idea of what le wis tl about to do. The tumult loosseed somewhat, w and once more therwarriors drewo back. ", s " Great White Spirit-Splirit of Victory," a said Indaba-zimbi, iddressing me aloud, and SI covering his Cyes with his Iland, "hoar me and at forgive ie. 'Tlhesu childreo are blind with folly, o and think tlhe mortal because thou hnstdoeal tl death upon t nlortal who dared to stand against ho thee. Deign to kneel downl before me and lot T .me pinrc, rther with -this spear, then when I ci tcee t upon It,-ao unitntors a o I knelt down, not because I wished to, but becuuse I must. I had notovermuch faithino Inudaba-zinthi, ati thlnglit it probable that heo was in triuthabout to ,lmhke an end of me. But di really I wvio eo woorn witll fearo. lsid tise hiorrors of tlis isglhbt and ,lay-haidsl so saliken mynnerves, thalt I dild not 'greatl;'aoro wh:lt efell me. to When I had been kOEiing thus for about halsf a cI minute i tm-L * io-sin hi shaok. SPeople of the Umkotwa, chlildren rf i T'Chaks," he said, " draw bock a little way, lest an evil fell on you, for now the air is tlhick with ghosts. . They drew back a space, leaving us in a circlel about twelve yards in dlameter; " Lookon him' who kneoolsabefore you," weet 'olIrtsba-ediob, "und listen to my wors, to thawoods of' the witch-fiiderer, tue worla of usa hi rainrmakner. Indsha- eimhl, whoae fame is known lo~ysl: 'to seese to boe nyonsg man, does he isat? Itell ou, children of0tlo Usttws, Is is is onase an e it the Spiritwho givem victoryto tho white men,- ha itls tlmt gave thoeia segais ci bhat thiiunder id tissiusht them how. to slay. d WVhv were the Isipis of Dinguan rolled back iat theoBlood rliver l Decause hl was there. Why did the Amaboona slay the peoplot af lIositi. katae b the thousandsn? Becaouse he was there. Andson'Isay to you that, had I not drawn him from thle hIug he l myv usgie. but threoe hours sfo, you would havolseis cousquaosd--yes, youe l woill Ilove been blown away ikeo dust before thIe wild; you weold have beon burnt up like thedrygrass in thewintor wlhes aho ire is awake amuong it. Ay, bKeuase he hiad hoo there iosluny of your bravest sere slain in overomiunga foe -a pinch of mos who couhs be counted on the filtcore. flut bacusso Iovoi yos, hecsoauso yooiu clhie?loasusa in my hlulf-irother--for lsnil we niu I one father ?-- oasnoe to ysou, I wirn-ed yca. Thio yoot " ~asyed lmss sad I rceiw tliii Spirit forth. lut you wore sot satislieid orslhe tloe. vitory wis yoors, svtsess the Spirit, oil's aye1u ildtakhec asketd but rnmo little tlling-- whe chld totake away nesd sacritlcl to hiris'ulf, to make thie medicineu oft his magic of--" Hicrelocould halnrlly restrlais Iiseal froen i- 1 ter??epilng, but tlsosghit lotter of it. "Yonu sahl him nuiy ; you said. ' Let him fiight with osr brtsnrI t Imu, leot Isnti fight with hte yunshiiut tile ianost fof the child,' Aud he doilgned to dsay Bolsbylso as you have seen, iand Iow s mousy, ' 8hayhis ; hsois no spirit.' Now I illntihotv you if bo is a ldrit, foli till olayi hlun bfort your e01's uosol ?tol htu to lif again. But yeo have broughtthis upon your eves. Had you belleved, hd you olTerl no insult to the Spirit. he would have stayed with you, uld you: .ltoulit havo"boeomo uncomluor" ablc, Now he wrlllariso apd leave yosn; sod woo, be oeeyou if yoa try.vt atylo. m. S"Pow all m1on." he wonto,.."look fori. space peon thiansasgal that I hold up." and ho lifted the ban?twan of the deceased -ombyono high above his head so. that all tito multitude could 0sa it. Lrery" somo we fixed upon lthe broadl bright peamtr. l'or a? while ho hohl it still, thanll e moved it round and Lround iei a circle, muttering as he did so, and still their rgze followed it. For my part, I watched his movemoents withl the greatest anxiety. Ti it assegoi had already been nearer my poetso thant I. fouud at all pleanaiut, and I had no desiri to make a further tc?lamientnce with it. Nor. indeed, was I save that Indaba-zimbiwas not really going to-kill oo.; I.could not understand his proceedilgs at all. anll at the best I could not relish pltyilg the eorpu?s rile to his magicol oxpoerimtte. Sook ! Look ! Look'!" he screamed. Thon nluddonly the groat spear llashed down towardsomybreut. I foelt nothig, but, to my.. slght, it seemed its thoughl it had passed thoug i me. SSeo !" roared the'Zulus. " Indata.oimbi has speared. hit : lthe red -ssoegai stands out behind his back." "Roll over. 3atcumtnslh." Indaba.zimbi hissed in oly ear. " roll over and protend to die \--quick qluick '" 1 lost ino time in following these strange iln structiots, but fatlling on to-my side, throw my arms wide, kicked.: toy logs aboul, and died tour . artistically as Lcoutld. Presently I grtve a stug shirer ani lay still.. "?io!" said tle %Zulus, " he is dead, tihe Spirit is dead. Look ait the blood Ii ol th esoegai 1" " Stidi back ! stand lxack.!t oriod Indaba cimbi, '" or thie ighost will Ihtunt youe. Yes, Ith is dead, ttl i"ow'I twill /l hius biuek to lifo n ?in. Look !' nndtputting downhitishoutd, leo. ilucked tihe spear frot wheorover it teas ixed, . , antd told it:htloft. :''rhet spear Isred, tbit ot .' Watch, menon wtch ? it grows while !" "It grows white," they said. ' Ou t it: grows white." ... fIt grows whlit because the bloed retuorns to whence It came," eaidlndhaba-zim)la. "No1w, rout Spirit, .Iheoar too. Thou art deUal, thie,. brath htas gone out of. thy ieonthe t Net hear too atd arisoe; wakc, Whito Spirit, awako atd show thy power. Awake. ttls?so n Iturt!" I behan to respond cheerfully to this im posin% utvocution. ' Not 0o ftrst, . ,acumuzahno," whitpered Indaba-zioibi. I took the hint, and first Ihold Ip ono arm, then lifted my head trLet leit tfaloa kati; " lo lives ! by the Iheud of'. !'tCieok lhe lives I" roearedtho soldiers, striokts withmoetat ' fOear. / Then slowly aild with..the grcatestidiguityI - gradually orose, stretched my atmas, .yty'tli liko oneo aalking fromt heoavy sloop, tuurned at d looked ulot them utconcernodly. W?ileo dild sot I noticed tlhat old Jndabatnmbi.wvasetlnm5t ainting from exhtaustion. Beadrsofperspire- ' tion stood upon his brow, his limbs"tremblsd, and his breast heaved. As for thie Zulus, they waitodfor.notmore. With at howl of terror the wholorogimoent turned and fled aeroso tihe rise, so tlhat.lproeently wve wore loft alone with the dead, oad the swooning child. "HoItw o earth did you do that, Indaba zimbi ?" Iaskedin amaze.,. " Do not ask me, faelanazthn," he gasped. te Ysou white men are very clover, but you don't quito know overythintg. Thore are metonie theC world who cau tmake peoplo beliovo they see slhings wticll they do lot seco. Lot us be going while too may, for whlen these UtutwnthlaOve got over theer fright, they will comesbaok to loot tie waggons, oad tlhen perhaps tlt r wrill begin asking questiois that I clt't atswer." And here I may no well state that I nsovorgot an' furtherC informatito on this umtter. froml old Indalb-nimbi. liut I havo my theory, atndl here it is for whatever it may beo worteh. I believo theatIleduebtt-imbi. ioa.,,erie,'d the whole . crowd of onlookers myself included,.making themo beliove that they saw tile oasbega.i my heart, and tlhin blood upon the blaude.- 'ies reaier miay smilo aLUdsay, tbImposeuiblost! bier I lvould atesk te lhew' tito Indeat jugglros do. tleotttrl'kokunless It is !by somorilot. 'fTits spiotttors seesie to sio the oboy go undertlh - ?lisket ied. ttreo pierced with iinggeirs.th1 asrdoe ti o o a wosntn ipo a trusig caupoeterand . mtiiir uapore the poitt ofa sioglo sword.. le tteemselves theos- thitgs are seot potsiblo,'thov violatit tltujltto of teieturp; os tlloso lawteotre knowtnt to us, attd titerofore must surely ho illtl sipe Attlid so thtroiuglh tile gianoor tlhrown, upot Ithemt by Isedudabaeiubi's till, leuth. Zeil Itoil seodneol to see iaee trtllilxed trith a. tee assegai thlech novee toucheodoe. At beoot, Ileht is toy' thoory;. if anty otiottas a hotter, lot hittt adopt it. Ttee oxploiitiott lies botweoie illttsioe. ittni tiugi of a titost imposing crleracter,.od. I. profor louccpt tleo first alternative. 