The Secret Chamber. I She went in, .but as she - did so, I I heard her murmur, ' Oak walls ! I Ah, my God ! ? it has come soon. ' Not ? a very intelligible exclamation, you I will allow, but as intelligible as 'her whole conduct. For in another moment every sign of emotion had left her, and she stood quite calm and cold in the centre of the room. But her pallor re mained, and I cannot make sure now wtVia+.Tiat +.hifl Tlo4-j-klran orl TKraarrr roci cm n.+.i -vn or some secret and but half recognised fear. Had I looked at him instead of her, I might have understood the situation better. But though I dimly perceived his form drawn up in the empty space at the left of the door.it was not until she had passed him and flung herself into a chair that I thought to look in his direction. Then it was too late, for he had turned his face aside and was gazing, with rather an obstrosive curiosity, at the old-fashioned room, mur muring, as he=did so, some such common places to his -wife as, * I hope you are not fatigued, my dear ;' * Fine old house this— quite English in style, eh?' To all of which she answered with a nod or a word, till suddenly, without look or warning, she slipped from her chair and lay perfectly insensible upon the dark boards of ;th.e worm-eaten floor. I uttered an exclamation, and bo did he; but it was my arms that lifted her and laid her on the bed. He stood as if frozen to his place for a moment ; then he mechani cally lifted his foot and set it, with an air or proprietorship, on the box before which he had been standing. ? Strange and inexplicable'conduct/ thought I, and looked the indignation I could not but feel. Instantly he left his position and hastened to my side, offering his assis tance and advice with that heartless ofiiciotisness which is so unbearable when life and death axe at stake. I accepted as little of his help aB was possible ; and when, after persistent effort on my part, I saw' her lids fluttering and her breast heav ing, I turned, to him with as inoffensive an air aszny mingled dislike and distrust would admit, and asked how long they had been married. He flushed violently, and, with a sudden rage that at once robbed him of that gentlemanly appearance which in him was but the veneer to a coarse and brutal nature, answered, ? ? you ! and by what right do you ask that?' But before I could reply, he recovered himself and was all false polish again, bowing with exaggerated politeness as he exclaimed — ' Excuse me 5 I have had much to disturb me lately. My -wife's health has been very feeble for months, -and I am worn out with anxiety and watching. We are now on out way to a warmer climate, where I hope she, will be quite restored.' And he smiled a very strange and pecu liar smile that went out like a suddenly extinguished candle, as he perceived her eyes suddenly open and pass reluctantly around the room, as if forced to a curiosity against which she secretly rebelled. ' I think Mrs. Urquhart will do very well, now,' was his hurried remark at this sight. He evidently wished to be rid of me ; And ibough I -hated to leave her, I really found nothing £0 say in contradic tion to Ms statement, for she certainly looked completely restored. I therefore turned away -with a heavy heart toward the door, when the young -wife sud denly throwing out her arms, exclaimed — 'Do not leave me in this horrible room alone ; I am afraid of it, actually afraid ! Couldn't you have found some spot in the house less gloomy, Edwin ?' I came back. 'There are plenty of rooms ? ' I began. But he interrupted me without any ceremony. * I chose this room, Honora, for its convenience. There is no thing horrible about it 5 and when the lamps are lit you will find it quite plea sant. Do not be — foolish. 'We sleep here or nowhere, for I cannot consent to go up stairs.' She answered nothing ; but I saw her eyes go travelling once again Tound the walls, followed in a furtive way by his. Whereupon I looked about me , too, and tried to get a stranger's impression of the place. I waeastonishedat itsefEectuponmy imagination. Though I had been in and out of it fifty times before, I had never noticed till now the extreme dismalness and desolation of its appearance. Once used as an auxiliary parlor, it had that air of -uninhabitableness -which clings to such rooms, together with a certain some thing else, equaUy unpleasant, to which at that xa.om.ent I could give no name, and for which I could neither find then or now any sufficient reason. It was panelled with oak far above our heads ; and as the walls above had become gray with smoke, there was absolutely no I color in the room, not even in the hang ings of the gaunt four-poster that loomed dreary and repelling from one end of the room. For here as elee where, time had been, at work, and tints that were once bright enough had gradually been subdued by duet and smoke into one uniform dimness. The floor was black, tiie fireplace empty, the walls with out a picture 5 and yet it was neither from this grayiiess nor from, this barrenness that one recoiled- It was from something else — something that went deeper than the lack of charm or color j some thing {hat' clung to the 'walls like a contagion, and caught at the heart-strings 'where they are weakest, smothering hope and awakening horror, till in each faded chair a ghost seemed sitting, gazing at you with immovable eyes that could tell tales but tvould not. \- There was but one window in the room, and that looked toward the west. But the light that should have entered there was frightened also,' and salted on the ledge withoxit, baulked by the thick curtains -that heavily enshrouded 'It. A Jbaunted chamber'! or so it appeared at thaift, moment, to -my :? somewhat excited fancy ^ and, for the first time in my life here, I felt a dread of my own house, and experienced -the uncanny sensation of some* one -walking over any grave. BntZsK-on recovered myself. Nothing, of a disagreeable nature tad ever happened , in this xoom, nor had .we any special reason for shutting it up, except that it ?was an out-of-tlie^way place, and . net iisually considered , convenient,' notwith-* standing Mr.' Urquhart's opinion to the contrary. '' . : . ? ? ' ' Never mind,' said I, with a last effort to soothe the agitated woman. * We will let in a little light .and dissipate some of these shadows.' And I attempted to throw back the curtains of the window. But they fell again immediately, and I expe rienced a sensation as of something ghostly passing between us and the light. Provoked at my own weakness, I tore the curtains down and flung them into a corner. A straggling beam of sunset color came in, but it looked out of place and forlorn upon that black . floor, like a stranger who meets with no welcome. The poor young wife seemed to hail it, however, for she moved instantly to where it lay, and stood in it as if she longed for its warmth and comfort. I immediately glanced at the fireplace. * I- will soon have a rousing fire for you', I declared. * These old fireplaces hold a large pile of wood.' I thought, but I must be mistaken, that he made a gesture as if about to protest, but if so, reason must have soon come to his aid, for he said nothing, though he looked uneasy as I moved the andirons forward and made some other trivial arrangements for the fire I had promised them. * He thinks I am never going,' I mut tered to myself, and took pleasure in lingering, for, anxious as I was to have the room heated up for her comfort, I knew that every moment I stayed there would be one less for her to spend with her surly husband alone. At last I had no farther excuse for re maining, and so, with the final remark that if the fire failed to give them cheer we had a comfortable sitting-room into which they could come, I went out. But I knew even while saying it that he would not grant her the opportunity of enjoying its cosiness ,? that he would not let her out of his sight, if he did out of the room ; and that for her to remain in his presence was to be in darkness, solitude, and gloom, no matter what walls surrounded her or in what light she stood. My impressions were not far wrong. Mr. and .Mrs, Urquhart came to supper, but that was all. Before the others had finished their roast, they had eaten their pudding and gone ; and though he had talked and laughed and shown his -white teeth, the impression left behind them was a depressing one, which even Hetty felt, and she has anything but a sensitive nature, I -went to the room once again in the evening. I found them both seated, but in opposite parts of the room ; he by his great box, and phe in an easy-chair -which I had caused to be brought down from my own room for her especial use. I did not look at him, but I did at her, and was astonished to see, first, how dignified she was, and, next, how pretty. Had she been happy and at her ease, I should probably have been afraid of her, for the firelight which now shone on her wan young cheek brought out evidences of character and culture in her expression which proved her to be by birth and training of a position superior to what one would be led to ex pect from her husband's aspect and manner. But she -was .not .hapr-y . nor at lier ease, and wore, instead of the quiet and commanding look of the great lady, such an expression of secret dread, that I almost forgot my .position of landlady, and should certainly, if he had not been there, fallen at her side and taken her poor forsaken head upon my breast. But that silent, immovable form, sitting statue like beside his huge box, smiling, for aught I knew — but if so, breathing out a chill that forbade all exhibition of natural feeling — held me in check as it held her, so that I merely inquired whether there ?was anything I could do for her; and ?when she shook her head — starting a tear down her cheek as she did so — I dared do nothing more than, give her one look of sympathetic understanding and start for the door. A command from him stopped me. * My wife will need a Blight supper be fore she goeB to bed,' he said. ' Will you be good enough to see that one is brought ?' She roused herself up, with quite a startled look of wonder. * Why, Edwin,' she began, * I never have been in the habit ? ' But he hushed her at once. ' I know what is best for you,' said he * A small plate of luncheon, Mrs. Truax, and let it be nice and inviting.' I curtsied, gave her another glance, and .went out. Her countenance had not not lost its look of wonder. Was he going to be considerate after all ? The lunch was prepared and .taken to her. Not long after this the inn quieted down, and such guests as were in the house prepared for rest. Midnight came. All -was dark in room and halL I was sure of this, for I went through the whole build ing myself, contrary to my usual habit, -which was to leave this task to my manof all- work, Burritt. All was dark, and all was quiet, and I was just drop ping off to sleep when there shot suddenly up from below a shriek, -which was quickly smothered, but not so quickly that I did not recognise in it that tone ?which is only given by hideous distress or mortal fear. * It is Mrs. Urquhart V I cried In terror to myself. And, plunging into my clothes, I hurried downstairs. (to be coHTisinsp. 