SOME CURIOUS INVENTIONS. A contributor to the New York World has been amusing himself by rummaging among the spe names of new inventions stored in the Patent OHlie at Washington. Many of them are amusing, and some decidedly crazy, There are, perhaps (the writer tells) us), -Olio toys in one division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which streaks the bottle This doll is patented by a German, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan with a battle filled with genuine mile on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connected with the glass pipe which runs into the bottle, and, going into the month of the child, run down behind and through the door into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out through the doll's head, machinery is set to wot- by which the doll begins to work, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much the same order is the toy cow, which can be milked. The cow be made' of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. he inventor states that the action of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and he has in addition an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews her car while being milked. The illuminated cat -was granted a patent in 1894. It is a car of [pasteboard or tin for the purpose of frighten, ing rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture and it is painted over with phosphorous so that it shares in the dark like a cat of fire. Another cat, equally funny, as a patent sheet- iron animal, which is worked by clockwork, and ban of bellows inside it which wells up its tail to the size of the maddest of Tom, If properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight entertainers, and it but in addition steel claws and teeth on wind it up place it on your roof, and let it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned daua kill every oned strike-. There is a patent machine here for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their nutt eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens'' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent best drops her egg on trap which let it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a stood laying, there is one branch of the Patent I place known as that of cow-tail holders There are patents for horses' tails as well as constants, the most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an ad- justable false tail for horses The lover's gate consists of a rate which will swing beth was and which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same principle as the adjustable pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. has pulpit runs up and down on pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his height or lower it to suit. The intends to make women beautiful are numerous, The noie-iraprovor is one of the most curious of the e patents It has made, it in said, a fortune for its Inventor and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman or Grecian, an you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then ('reaped with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the improver is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation somewhat painful, but this wears off in a few nights and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand-new rinse, which reales with you until you get tired of it, when you buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last year, but still beautiful. Luminous harness has been patented, To that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match-boxes,, and luminous ghosts to secure away grave-robbers. After every great grave robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one collin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impossible to move it except by a derrick. In a letter received in Germany-, states that a tube, Emin Pasha under a fresh as luck on Stanley. Ho says: "On the day after my unlucky hill, Stanley made my people embark under a threat that otherwise he would lay them in chums, and he used them to be taken to Mombasa, via Zanzibar, without allowing them to communicate with me in any way. As Egyptian steamer 1 had asked for arrived, but got its orders from Stanley, and took my people to Suez without my being permitted to see one of them again, I myself received letters and messages which I can only call inappropriate 1 lay suffering from a fracture of the skull, and could not write. During my stay in the hospital Wisxuunn showed buried my friend in the most raaitnsninion» manner. You know that we were all penniless when we reached the coast. The Egyptian Government has never asked whether I needed anything, or troubled itself about me, except scene amiable inquiries of the Khedive as to my health, for which I am, of course, bound to feel very grateful to him personally, the answers to which, how ever, cost -much money, and I had none." Emin goes on to complain that a limit he had given to some French missionaries, drawn on the English Consul General, was declined payment. He adds : " You can imagine what a good I was In anxieties about my own future, anxieties for the preservation of my people, Recess, the indifference, of Egypt. Stanley's invectives, while I was still lying in in the hospital. In the course of conversation, Wissmann had asked me whether I would work in future for the English, and when I told him that I should, of course, prefer to work for my --therland, he asked my leave to report the fact to his Majesty. 1 willingly allowed him to do so. In reported subsequent conversations the theme of an expedition to be sent to the interior was, discussed, and when Wissmsnn complained that he had nobody for it, I offered -myself. His Majesty has done me honour, and here was an opportunity to show myself grateful." 