OMIta's Mumu. Folk-tales for Little Folk. BY UNCU; WIIJ.. Most Irish hoys I make hold to sly know thc story of Daniel O'Rourkc's vieit to the moon. I renicmher buying it in a little two pciuiy pamphlet, with a yellow cover, on which was the picture of thc oM gander flying ulong, ami Daniel hanging nu by his leg. lt wan under thc walls o; thc Puoku-'s Castle, net fnr from (¡leiigariíf, on the road te» Kantry, he was when his wits went wandering. Pcrhiips thc 1'onka you sec ha<l io'iitthiug to «lo with it. Patric!: Kennedy telln n story idiout a Púcn, which seems to have been ;i t ort of Kui ¡(dd, Brownie and Neck ..omhiiicd. THU KILDARE POOKA. Mr. K-il-, when ho wns .dive, used to live a pood den! in Imidin, and he was once a great while out of the country on iiccouut of the "ninety-eight" business. Hut the servant» kept 0:1 in the big house at Rath all thc saíneos if tho family was at home. Well, they used to bo frightened o^t of their lives af ter going to their beds with thc banging of thc kildicn-iioor, and the clattering of tire iraus, and thc pots and plates and dishes. One evening they sat up ever so long, keeping one another in heart with telling stories about ghosts and fetches, and that when-what would you have of it ?-the little scullery boy that used to bc sleeping over the horses, and could not get room at tile fire, crept into thc hot benth, and when he got tired listening to the stories, sorra fear him, but he fell elend ufcdeep. Well and good, after they were all gone and thc kitchen lire raked up, he was woke with thc noise of the kitchen door opening, and thc trampling of nu ass on thc kitchen floor. He peeped out, and what should he tee but a big ass, sure enough, sitting on his curabUijjo and yawning before the fire. After a little he looked about him, and began scratching his cars as if lie was quite tired, and says lie, "I may us well begin first us last." Thc poor boy's teeth began to chatter in Iiis head, for says he, " Now he's gobi' to atc mc ;" but the fellow with the long civs and tail on him had something else to do. Ho stirred thc fire, and the» he brought ic a pail of water from thc pump, and lilied a big pot that' bc put 011 thc lire before he went out. He then put iu his hand-foot, I mean-into (he hot hearth, and pulled out thc little boy. He let a roar out of hun with thc fright, but thc pooka only looked at him, and thrust out his lower lip to show how little he valued him, and then he pitched him iuto his pew again. Well, he then lay down before thc fire till bc hen d the boil coming 011 tho water, a::d maybe there wasn't a plate, or a dish, or a spoon 011 thc dresser that he didn't fetch and put into thc pot, and wash anil dry thc whole bilhi' of 'cm as well as e'er a kitchen-maid from that to Dublin town. He then put all of them up on their places on the shelves ; and if he didn't give a good swecpin' to the birchen, leave it till again. Then he comes and sits foment thu boy, let elown one of Iiis cain, und cocked up the other, and gave a grill. Thc i»or fellow btrovc to roar out, but not a elhecg 'ud come out of his throat. The last thing the pooka done was to rake up the fire, and walk out, giving such a slap o the door, that thc boy thought thc house couldn't help annuling down. Well, to be sure if there wasn't a Imllabullo next morning when the poor fellow told his story ! They could talk of nothing else thc whole day. One said ono thing, another said another, but a fat, lazy scullery girl said thc wittiest thing of all, "Musha !' says Bhe, " if tho pooka docs l>e cleaning up everything that way when wc are asleep, what should we bo slaving ourselves for doing his worki" "tf/ire tjaliliane" says another; "them's the wiliest, words you ever said, Ivauth ; it's inccsclf won't contradict you." So said, so done. Not a bit of a plate or dish saw a drop of water that evening, ami not a besom was laid on thc floor, .ind every one went to bed soon after Bimdown. Next morning everything waa as fine ns fine in tho kitchen, and thc lord mayor might cat his dinner off the flags, lt was great case to the lazy servants, you may elepcnd, and every- thing went on well till a foolhardy gag of a boy euiel he would stay up one night and have a chat with thc pooka. He was a little daunted when the door was thrown open n:id thc ass marchcel np to the fire. " An then, slr," says he, at last, picking up courage, " if it isn't taking a liberty, might 1 ax who you arc, and why you are so kind as to do half of the day's work for the girls every night}" "No liberty at all," says the pooka, says he ,. " I'll tell you, and welcome. I was a servant in the time of Squire R.'s father, and was the laziest rogue that ever was clothed and fed, mid done nothing for it. When my time came for tho other world, this is the punishment was laid on me-to come here and do all this labour every night, and then go out in thc cold. It ÍRii't so bad in thc fine weather ; but if you only kuew what it is to stand with your head between your legs, facing thc storm, from lmduight tosiuirisc, nu ¡1 bleak winter night." "And could wc do uiiything for your comfort, my poor fellow V says the boy. "Musha, I don't know," says thc pooka ; " but I think a good quilted frieze I coal would help to keep thc life in me them long nights." "Why then, in troth, we'd bo the uiigiutcfullcst of people if wc didn't feel for you. " To naiko a long story short, the next night but two the boy was there again ; anil if he didn't delight tho poor pooka, holding up a fine warm coat before him, it's no mather ! Hotline the pooka and the mau, his legs was got into thc four arms of it, and it was buttoned down thc breast and thc belly, and he was so plcazcd he walked up to the glass to see how lie looked. " Well," says lie, "it's a long laue that has no turning, I am much obliged toyounnd your fellow- servants. Von have mailt mc happy at last. Cood-niglvt to you." So he was walking out, but the other cried, "Och; sure you're going too soon. What about thu washing ami sweeping!" "Ali, you may tell thc girls that they must now get their turn. My punishment was to last till I was thought worthy of a rewnrd for the way I done my duty. You'll see mc no more." And no more they did, and right sony they were for having been in Buen a hurry to reward thc ungrateful pooka. 