BUZZING AROUND. [BY THE CHATTERER.] IF the "sperrits" have the power which their "maydiums" claim they have, the Rev. Gilby must have passed a night somewhat similar to that experienced by the third Richard previous to the fight at Bosworth. It would only be serving him right don't you think. Fathering the "new re- ligion" by which the world is to be regenrated, and its inhabitants brought into close and happy communion with departed souls, on the "old boy," is a bold stroke, and, "as sich," demands our respect. Nevertheless there may be truth in it - if not it is only fair that you should keep a column open for rejoinders from the other world. Spirits, we are told, possess much the same temperaments as they had here, and therefore you are bound to have a "communication" from some of the departed "subscribers," "merists," "probonopublicos," &c.;, through the dead letter office. And keep your eye on the editorial table in case it starts tilting. If it does, don't scream or run away, but question it manfully. * * * SO "Steve" raked up that "Ghost of the Lagoon," which created such a stir here some years ago. Although it has been exploded years ago, there are still some among us who are ready to make solemn oath that the big cat which was seen on the roof, swelled up to the size of a woman, and floated upwards in a sheet of fire. I was always under the impression that the fire was in the other direction, "but you never can tell till the numbers are up." We will all know some day. Thinking over poor old Steve reminds me that I hear he is as stout and frolicsome as ever. If so, what an immense pair of wings he will require "over there." They will have to be built by contract, under special supervision. It would never do to subject him to the fate of the ingenious mechanic in "Rasselas," who, in endeavouring to fly over a lake, plumped into it." THEY manage things better in Vic- toria. The other day a judge sat on a barrister for his mode of ex- amining a lady in the witness box, and ordered the lady to leave the box. Just so. It is a lesson for the gentle- man (!) by act of Parliament, and one all true men would like to see re- peated in our own courts. How man's crimes have been condoned, or never been heard of, simply because the unfortunate female dreads the ordeal she will have to pass through in cross-examination. Any woman, with a proper sense of modesty, which thank God most of ours do possess, will shrink with horror from the con- taminating tongue which she knows will assail her, and do its best to make it appear what she is, not what, she really is — a weak creature seek- ing justice at the hands of men, but an abandoned profligate. And yet this is the line of defence often relied on to enable a scoundrel to be again let loose on society, and degrade huma- nity by his very presence. "More power to ye" Judge Hamilton, and Mr. Fink, barrister-at law, you with the big wig and long robe, "aren't ye not ashamed of yerself." If you are you ought to be, and there are none of your kidney who would be the worse for a dose from the same bottle. (For continuation see another page.) 