SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. SPORTING NOTES. The members of the Australasian Book makers Association to the number of 116, have announced by advertisement in our columns that in consequence of the Victoria Amateur 1 uri Club's determination to impose an annual fee of £10 instead of a daily fee of 22s. By us desired by the association all those nil se names appear in the advertise they will remain away from Caulfield to morrow The weight carried by Advance, winner of the Mentone Handicap on Tues day last, was a erroneously stated in our report to be Sat. Ulb instead of 6st 12lbs the latter being what Advance actually carried EPSOM RACING CLUB The race meeting it 1 pson yesterday was well attended and was favoured by fine weather. The programme was a long one of eight events and it was gone through very successfully Borne good I racing being shown particularly in the handicap for two year olds. In this event though the five starters were not together all the way, they closed up as they entered the straight and were all as nearly as possible on even terms as they went past the judges box Mr Woods, however, succeeded in placing them though as in use it in such cases there were many persons who though neither so well placed nor so well qualified to decide thought that they knew as well as the judge, and they did not all agree with the official decision The case was one on which quite as much could be said on one side as on the other, and consequently the judges placing was at once accepted by the large majority of those present The Gail Lowry Handicap was just as great a failure from a handicapping point of view as the two year old race w as a success for the first and second horses were not only wide apart but were a long way from the others of their held the last race was a good one, and resulted in a fine looking racing mare in Yarra winning The winner however, experienced a little luck, for she was in such a position on the inside rails that she could not have won had not been Elgin who was in front swung out a little and thus nfTorde l Yarra an opening of which she in steady took advantage, Newra ister soaped well at the end of the race but tourbillon, who also was backed ran disappointingly During the day the stewards were called upon to anesthetic a charge of unfair riding made by the jockey Gutheridge against the well known light weight C Parker Ltherulgo failed to substantiate his charge, which was dismissed The following are the details of the rating - SELLING HURDLE 11 IXE Of 20 -ovs About one tulle -with a half Mr T Deuchar a br g Darkness by Blondin Ade he do aged 102" t ii (heating,;) 1 Mr J Hnj OJ s eil (, Edna, and 10st, nil (Wise) - Mr S Miller's b g Asolaudo, 5 yrs, 12st, £40 (Davis) " 3 Betting? -5 to 4 on Darkness, 6 to 4 agst Asolando, 5 to 1 agst raine Dames a he d a loading place all the way and won by a length and a quarter from Edna Asolando, who was beaten three furlongs. from home, being, a poor third Time 3min 8sec the w poor man: said to Mr P N Jenkins forjCSG UEIDELBERO HANDICAP, Of 50 Sovs Five furlongs and 20 yards Mr J H Item ison abo Driffield by Quessvvorl - Halloo of the Hills 3 J ra Tau lib (L. fountain) Mr S Gardiner's Russian 3 yrs, 7st 3lb (Sheppard) 2. 2 Mr J Gleeson us b g Sinker, . yrs, Oat. ill, carried (13st. lib (Neo'On) S The other starters were Hogmanay, aged 9st. 2lb (Ettridge) Real aged 8st. Dib (Stratford) father aged 77" -lb (mutton) Lady Rosebery Road 7st 7lb (Hobson) -ditto 6 yrs 7st 6 b (la for) Idalia aged 7st lib (v Osborne) Jil, 6yrs 7st (Cook) Jllrnet Sjrs Oat 2lb (loaves) Wciidourr- yrs Off, THE (V Fountain), and Lila 4 yrs 0.L 7lb (Holmes) -Betting -3 to 1 a.t Banker 7 to 2 ast Russian 6 to 1 east Hogmanay 0 to 1 test Driffield B to 1 last Gazette is to 1 at, st any other Driffield and Russian got away well from a moderately good start and they rema! led in front all the way vi hen they got into the straight Russian hunt on the inside rolls and Driffield got home an easy winner from him by a length mila hall singer was two lengths away third Kowlfourtb Partner Hall Gazette sixth. Time 1min -2sec. -Ain.IELD PARK HANDICAP, Of 30 Sovs for ponies 1. hands and under Five furlongs and 0 yards Mr E. C. Taylor's ch m Ellen, aged 7st 5lb (Trainor) 2 Mr It. I Phillipson ns br or bk g Tim (late Goldy), aged 7st (Reardon) 2 Mr J Nicholson na pd s Arthur aged, 7st 4lb. (R Parker) 3 The other starters were-Rover 8st 5lb Actress 8st 2lb examiners 616 Vixen 8st. 3lb -Sappho 8st 2lb including 7lb penalty and Melba 6st. 7lb carried 6st 8lb Betting -6 to 4 agat Ellen 3 to 1 agst Jessamine 5 to 1 each agst Sappho and Arthur 7 to 1 east over Dover attended by Sappho made the running to the home turn where Rover dropped back and Ellen got the front She won very easily by four or five to tea from him who was just in front of Arthur Sappho was fourth assaulted fifth, and Victress used Time limit 1160 BAI LINN, STAKES. Handicap of 40 sovs. For two year olds. Three furlongs and a quarter Mr S. Millersbfùhur, by Boolka Nal ta, 2yrs, 6st 10lb (West) 1 Mr M Jacobs's to a Despised 2yrs Sit (Fountain) 2 Mr C. Itudliit»BChI Alone 2yrs 6st XJb (Caldo cutt) S The other starters w ere The Baron 2 j ru 7st 10lb. carried 7st 111 (J Campbell) and Mclforfc 2 at 7st 5lb (MQowaii) netting -is to 4 on Dtaplacd, 4 to 1 agst Star 9 to 1 Rffst any others Jjesplsed was in front from the start with SJiur next, Ueeplxod In I ii to the straight where they all closed up and a magnificent tail took place all the horses being almost in a line as the went past the oat The Judge a decision was but by a short his i from Dcupised Alo the, a h card behind being third with Melfort al nest on years next, and The Baron very close up next Time 42sec GALLOWAY II HANDICAP Of 35 sets Five furlongs and 20 yards. Mr H Ihlllipsous ch m Was of (last. The Wave, late Wave. Our bet 121 (Foardon) I Mr O J Cameron as an li Seacombe 4 yrs 8st lib (Smith) 2 Mr J Ferguson na b m Gazette Br s 10st 7lb (T Ferguson) 3 The other starters wore-Lattcement 8st Bib Retraced Sat 2lb By Sat 2lb Salisbury Charmer, 7st 10lb at d Veracity Of- 716 motor g -5 to 4 Aunt seacombe S to 1 agst Entice meet 8 to last Wavo or any other Wave went at once to the front followed by Son can be Tile pair not reach the way from the others and have won by eight or 10 leo at his from Seacombe Gazette hall a dozen lengths off being, third with LutlcuueiiC and Betrayed next Time 2min 25sec SELLING RACE, Of 100 sovs Special weights Five furlongs Mr I T Carslake 3 b r II e g m anny 83 Bonnie Carlisle Hesperia aged 8st 2lb £60 ( Ettridge) Mr lt& Sevior's br K Farmer aged 7*t21b,D_. (Hayes) Mr C Kudinga a ch g ItubcUbn, 4 J ra 7st 6th, i. 5 (Hood) the other starter was Liberty aged. 7st 2lb, 11 (Parker) Betty (T - Evens ll0[_man¡-} 6 to 2 acres Partner, 4 to 1 sent Rebellion iloiíiuana} was in front all the way but he only won M a head after a good set to with lanterns the finish Rebellion, close up was third Time, 1min 4sec HAVIIOE HANDICAP, Of 35 SOVS. For ponies 14 hands or under Five furlongs and a half Mr J Nicholson na b o Jacks the Lad, 4 yrs 9st 111 (Puddicombe) 1 Mr J Harvey usen gMornÍngL.¿ht yrs Oat lib (Barker) 2 Mr J Gould IIB slim Sellarlno 3yrs 6st 10lb in cardon) 8 The) other starters ore- Wasp Oats 2lb Seafield 8st 10lb Rose 8st 8lb, Invalid, and (carried 8 t (oil) ) Tatemo was (carried by lib 1 Annie 750 111 (carried "7st 10lb Pearl Vat 10lb Gillie at 8lb -fielding, 78 of Ettie, 7st, 5lb and Middle list 8lb Betting? 2 to 1 agst Sellarlno 4 to 1 agst coasted 6 to 111 Rat Jack B the Lad 7 to 1 last Month c; Light 8 to 1 seat Tatemo 10 to 1 agst any other leader was in front with Mr and, LIght 10-6 by him until they turned into the strait where the field dro) ped back and Jack's the Lad went up to LI I nine beer it, two To Baths off third with Okltiu fourth So ally. Id fifth and Wasp next Time for a 11 lJ_[.ec MORDIALLOC HANDICAP Of 70 tons, second 10 sovs. IS ii m furlongs and 120 yards Mr F Paicttla ch m Yarra by Bundoora Bribery Bird "st 8lb (Caldboutt) Mr 1 co iron s b g Llewellin, aged "se 616 (Lardner) 2 Mr C Collins a ch of New master aged, 9st 2lb (Collins) 3 The other starters were-Tourbillon 6 Are 8st 10lb (E Fountain) Ireccdctcu 5 yrs Sat 10lb famous 11) Apropos aged 8st (Dun Ion) Green Isle aged Sit (lying) tullichHouch 6yrs 7st 5lb carried 7st 5lb (I strident) Terrific II acid Oat 131 cr.rru._l7n- W (M Go van) and Leviathan 4 yrs Oat 7lb carried 6st 111 (A Osborne) Betting: 2 to 1 most New master 5 to 2 agst Tour bills 6 to 4 acres Colllch touch 8 to 1 6,10 a st Yarra an 1 Precede CL 10 to 1 of treat any other Cilcnolum was the first away followed iron Isle and Yarra. bloneUin took a clear lead as they be away from the straight Yarra Col I lost touch an 1 lourbHIon, t ms next of the other H while Green Isle and Leviathan were last This order x Send along a the back and into the straight where QknelRin on the inside, had a clear lead Yarra behind him but it close up with New master a d Leviathan well up in the run home Mr lulu ap 1 cared to win the race in hand but he swung out from the rails and Yarra at once took advantage of the opening,. and shot up winning by nearly half a length st wa.ter who came fast at the finish was third a length and a half away with Leviathan fourth I reco theo fifth Terrific it sixth and Green Isle next Time, 1min late. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB. ADELAIDE, THURSDAY. The following are the acceptances for races to be run on the second day of the S.A.J.C. Spring Meeting on Saturday : SECOND HURDLE RACE, Of 100 so vs.; second. 10 sovs. About one mile and three-quarters. st. lb st. lb. Prosper 12 7 Star 10 4 Exton _ 11 8 Hot cr 2, AOS Erallo 5 to 12 Wirrega .... 5 3 Wallaby .. 100 Frivolity .... I 1 Reporter .... 10 6 Tatnanaok 30 0 Ivanhoe 2 10 i 01ouK«rry_ .. -j 0 NURSERY HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs.; second, TO sold. For two-year-olds. Four furlongs and a hill. _ st lb. st lo. Clooh-na-Pien "87 Jericho .. 78 Vicary aS 0 Precipice .. 5. 7 7 Lord Grenville "SO Pilot .. 77 The Arab. .. 7 12 The Merry Boy .. 7 7 Tusuia 7 12 Herod .. 7 0 srniNci HANDICAP, Of 200 Sovs.; second, 20 ; third, 15 says. One mile and three-quarters?, st line st. lb. Viator 3 Welter Mve'lstrom.. Dillon I) 0 S 7 St Oiwso Allctro .. The Despised Merlin .. 7 12 5 7 6 FINAL HANDICAP, Of 75 sovs.; second. 10 sovs. Five furlongs, st lb -2? Chloris .. Rhetorician Hill.. _ Cheddar .. Go ahead .. Pinch 2 Contest - 0 12 6 19 a 10 0 10 My Lord .. Dillon Allegro The Pcspiaed The Author Parasite ... The Foremen Irish Queen STEErE OUSE, Of 150 sovs.; second. 20 ; third, 10 says. About two miles and a half, or. In I st lb. 10 10 7 0 0 10 2\. n s Prosper 2, Dingo .. Confidence Emilia .. Gossip a runner " Victor Orlando _ AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB SYDNEY, THURSDAY-. The following are the acceptances for the two principal handicaps which are to be run at the A.J.C Spring Meeting: EPSOM HANDICAP (Run on Saturday, September 13), Of lOve. each, with 1,000 soil added. For three year-olds and upward. Second 200 sev 8., third 100 move., from the prize. One mile, st lb a 10lb. JIH Third - Stockwell .. Trldcutlno 2 La Grange .. Emmie .. Simon .. Lincoln .. Little Bernie Rubicon .. Alchemist.. Elleriteno .. Little Lady Claremont. Lady K i t s s borough.. Grandson .. Y'cnapa .. ~. Hurrah .. Rosicrucian METROPOLITAN STAKES (Run on Tuesday, September 18 A handicap sweepstake " "o"1' Marvel Cardigan .. Too Queen Bendigo, Insignia .. Megaphone ending penalty),. Ernest TheUift .. Vespasia " Tckaum(inoluding 10lb. penalty) 8 2 Bungebah.. " "* Blairgowrie May Queen concerns .. Papua Amina a 10 0 10 one _,_ street 20-ton cash. witt 1,000 suva, added ; second 200 sovs third 100 boys., from the prize. Two miles. Sir William Marvel ,. ThoQuoou.. Anttous .. Ellerdale .. Vespasia .. Buncebab a. -course Papua st lb. 8-12 8.10 Megaphone (in. 7lb. penalty).. Whimbrel Paris Federation Frisco .. 2. Little Bernie Pretty Etta R Retford 0 12 is 100 10, SPORTING TELEGRAM. SYDNEY, THURSDAY. The following is the latest betting on the events of the A.J.C. Spring Meeting Herbs" Even on Titan, 5 to 2 agat Gibraltar, S to 1 others. Epsom Handicap 100 to 15 agst Bungebah, 100 to 17 next Megaphone, 100 to 15 agst Bendigo, 100 to 10 agst Teksum, 100 to S ngst Alchemist, 100 to 6 agst Ernest and Cardigan, 100 to 5 ngst Insignia, Tridentine, and Hurrah. Metropolitan Stakes 100 to 3") nest Megaphone, 100 to 12 agst Paris, 100 to 10 agst Ellerdale, Frisco, and Little Bernie. The final forfeit for the A J C. Derby falls due to morrow. The candidates still are Ethelbert. Runs, Wildfire filly, Wilma, Our King, is Blue, Victor IIUKO. fund. Marco, Oboe, Bradley, Whish, The winner, Queens chu, Merrie, Gibraltar, Whimbrel, and Gatling. RANDWICK TRAINING NOTES. SYDNEY, THURSDAY. To see the last troops of the Derby horse, there I was green and amber:: c at IlamUluk this morning. The first Epsom candidate out M ROS.s who beat Teddy Yuille badly over a mile, run in 1min 53sec, while Eclipse finished a long way in front of Hengist, once round, in 2min. 42sec Urosford beat Pretty Kato once round, and Ant ens galloped a good mile crashing second to Manor, unions fur shop in limit 52sec Lady hini.8boroii_h galloped a useful mile and Darling s is given the full Derby) journey, finish ing the last mile in 1min SYCE Miles did strong mile and a bait work while Ethelbert and Maudie galloped a solid mile, and finished together. Artisan finished lengths in front nfMctor Hugo over a mile and a quarter, the last nine Mug done in fruit 55sec while Muriel best He Mericourt and Jisaiiriia over six furlongs, run in 1min -Ode on the in side track Ellerdale was given a good once round, and went very VALE also Mantilla while Amina tin away from Argus. in a strong run mile, Norbert and Correze did fair mile and a quarter work. Paris in carded as a sure starter for the Derby, did useful work with Vena pa. Marvel galloped a mile in 1min 55sec, without being fully extended and is it to a ran over Clonard for a mile at least 37sec, Simon galloped a good mile, beating: Golden Crown Prince Consort and Ti tax were put together for once round, which they ran in 2min SSjioa, the list six furlongs occu plants 1min 28sec. Titan finish d very slovenly, and apparently was hopelessly beaten. Carbine, to on) Friday, did the best gallop that I have seen this Danson for such a lazy poor with Tantallon he jumped off for a mile and a half, finishing up with Moonta 111\. lastoiiLL round was done in June bosom.. and the last mile in 1min 52sec Heroes well for Ramage, Bendigo ran a strong mile and Trentino, with t owns up, galloped a mile in 1min 52sec in cash i t WIll within herself Leopold finished in front of Cuirassier once round in 2min 17sec Bungebah, with Warneford up, galloped a mile in turn 60, Little llcruiodid a useful mile and a quarter, and Claremont galloped a mile in 1min Decc., finishing very nicely Sir William put in a sound mile and a half with Camden, and Murray beat Retort our a fast run quite Vespasia, after a light weight up galloped a splendid once round, doing the last six furlongs in 1min 24sec Tiksum beat Barnett and ¡sousuuso over a mile, done in 1min black. Cardigan did a useful six furlongs (city -soldier and Hay Queen, and Megaphone galloped a mile in 1min 61 BOC, being ridden the past couple of furlongs Frisco did an excellent once round in 2min -17sec Giumltnr was given strong work with Papua, and Akhurst what Manager over a mile in 1min 51sec COURSING VICTORIA COURSING CLUB. The Victoria Coursing Club's final meeting for the present season will be held to-day on the oval at Diggers' Rest, where the stakes particularised below will be run off The special train will leave Spencer-street at. JJ this morning, and the coursing will came fence at 11 o'clock the following is the draw for each of the stakes - THE LADIES' MIAU Mir, For eight puppies, at 3 guineas each Winner £10, runner Up), til Mrs Austin, a few h Brooklyn Girl (late Miss Chlrnaiile), by Kent Charge-He. Uind (JNovewkr lbs) agst Miss U Whittingham ns lull inland By Wroklu-- loita(July. 1888) Mrs Lewis nor wd lltajierldea, In Rent Charge Tourney Huts) Baker (February 1851) that Miss L. Robertson us bk w b Black Bess by Vulcanised (seventeen, 1883) 5 Mrs A Ross UR bk w d Heir by Heirloom Marm b. (December, 1878), art Mrs M tl.rdltnnn ns ( w n firewood, by _u»"eY-Hazelwood (August, 1888) Mlsshellv rd bk w ii Lancer, by Capri II -Jeanette (July, 1848) oust Sirs West its bk w or w bk Our boy, by llestcrton-Sloss Cross (in) 1858). THE LADIES PLATE, For 8 puppies, at 3 guineas each Winner, girl, runner up, to. Miss Kirkwood IIB R W b Jessie Harlow, by Elvie. stone-llirclibroom (August 1863) agst Mrs A Ross as bk w b Heiress, by Hulrloom-Slaud S. (December, 1888) Miss A M Kelly) as I was Scotia by Heat Can to Her Majesty (October, 1893) it Sirs Whitting ham as r w b Wakeful by Wrekin siesta (July, 18..) Miss J Hardiman HB bk w d Whit Monday, by Monday-Koiauara (November 1838), east Mild Messell us r w d Tarcutta King b) flock wood-Too Soon (March, 1860) Mrs. Stapleton ns bd w d Specialist, by Crabtree Bllith (October, 1888) east Mine let us r wd stone Itlntr (entranced), by Quallllcr-sister to Rhodanthe (September, 1888) THE ERNEST STAKES, For eight all -(CB, at 3 guineas each Winner, 20, runner up to), Mrs Carson us bk w d Calculator (late fire Malle) by Melton-VVorribco Dove agst Miss Whittit>L,hi"i us lightly Welkin by v rckln-Sleata Sirs. I want us few d Chester II by Chester Faficiuation, agat Mrs E D Kenyon a for r w d Shelton (late -lOVlllc Meliott) by Mulfort-Werribee Mladoiv Miss Nicholl as I w b p Rosewood, by stockinged Too Soon, agat MIKS Robertson has few d Canute by Mikado-Ubediouco Mr Giblin's bd w b DePort b) Crabtree-Hopbine, street, Miss I Hardiman ns bowl LUrtvvcll, Lydiard Cash-Htjdaj THE IlUFMtTSTiK-S, For eight all ages at 2 guineas each Winner, £10 runner-up JLQ Sirs Scott LLB f w d Sepoy, by Brlderroom-Svm plates, also Miss A M Kelly as I w b _? only, by Tam of That ter Kathleen if Mrs W Maher's bk w d Brough by Rent Charge -Captivity a/at Miss L Roberts's of w d vacant, by Capri-Worrlbeo Dove Mrs A Kenyon's bk w d Albatross, by the Archer-Thistle, agst Sirs Whittingham us be w b Waterlily by Wr-kiti-Si sta Mrs W this as for r w d v Windsor Castle, by Capri Sherwood Serpent near Sirs SI Hariilinau us bk w b Here's To go, by Hard Caih-llovday HIE CLIVES STAKES, For eight all ages, at 3 guineas each Winner, 20 runner up 20 Mrs Ross ns r d Hosoliorry by Beach (late Pre tender) Tathra ogs. Sirs W Maher DB be w b Winnie by V rekln-Wbild» Mrs Robinson us by, w d Killer by Major-Argus Girl, as Mrs W this as few d Windsor Hotel, by Capri -Sherwood Norpent Mrs F B Kenyon's I wd Wall late, by Wreklii Legerdemain, agst Miss Kelly not w b l-h-daiitho II by Bridegroom-W hits Fra. Miss Horton is b: w d Uuraonj, by Bijou Jubilee Lass east Mrs Mall as bk w b llonojsuü-.le, by Hunt Charge Red Hind THE CLOSE all 'THE SEASON. A dinner to, celebrate the close of the coursing; season will take place at Clements's Cafe this evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, and a large attendance is anticipated, nanny well known. coursing men having welcomed the idea of closing a very good season by a con- vivial Katherine; Tickets for" the dinner are procurable from Mr T C Jerome, who is acting as hon secretary COURSING AT CLUNES.! CLUNES, ThurSDAY The Clunes Coursing Club's final meeting was commenced under the most favourable circumstances on the hands of Messrs. Love ridge Bros and 1 sweets at Mount Cameron, to day The weather was line, and the attendance the largest on record. Hares were numerous, but wild, and the ground in excel lent condition Some first class trials were run, and the judging of Mr G C Symons and BtippirB of Mr E Pearce gave every satisfaction The courallie will be resumed to morrow The results are as follows - CII YltriOV STAKE, For 32 all aged dogs it £1 Is each, with 50 guineas arrived by the club YY inner Ju runner up H ; third day JLS three cloud 5" each Mr I) Irvuioabkaud we 1 War Eagle by Capri Nellie li beat Mr H believes bd d Luther, by fair Patrickson ra. Mr J L. Sheehan a was Miller by Monday - Yum Yum lost Mr Guy Smiths I b Waistoiv, by Cape nine-hole 1 F G Spence s r d YY elected Jack by Richard the Narew all Done boat Mr J Hanley s w b d Hard Case, by Young Have Queenie Mr Jas. Doctors in Hazelgreen, by Capri Morte, a bye, Mr J F Grahame bow d Mentor, by Ghost Lucy absent. Mr J YYiWomsa bk w d YYarhavvk by Capri Nellie li, heat 5109 Shelton Bros, bk ward Highland Chief, by Tremoli foreman. Mr J Williams had YVabvIn by Capri-Nellie IL, beat Sir Jos shooters b alias black by Capri Morte Mr G Spence's bk w d Carbine II, by YYarEaslc Tourello last boat Mr J Williams's bk d Warned, by Capri Nellie IL Mr J Geddes f b Nettle II by Oberon Nottle, beat Mr W Lauder s s w b Lone Star by Retford Miss Gordon Mr Jas Hector d Andy Andy, by Haielnut Skip, boat Messrs. Shelton Bros. I 1 butter, by Pre tutor-batanella. Mr A J Smith a w t d Trenton by Grand Flaneur -Hawk s ese beat Mr W Hawks 9 bk w b 1 ly, by War Eagle Toured Lass. Mr A J Smith a bk w b Happy Lass by Billy Brown Lady beat Mr G bl coco a r d taken, by Charing. Cross Dare Maori Mr C. Chapman na w bd a Merry Christmas by Spot: Victoria beat Mr D Irvine ( w d Gloucester by Oberon Nettle Mr W Prices! w d Topsail by Harpoon Nelly, beat Mr C Fawcett s I'd Sa Tp Mr W lrkoarvvil (Redford b Radford Maid of Orleans beat Mr J Geddes s I'd Glenalva, by Oberon -Nettle air J Hanley cbk w b roll your own by Sir Garnet YY olseley-Lucv beat Mr O St ence s 1 d Southern Cross by charing Cross Dame Maori Mr J Williams s bk w b Wreath, by Capri Nellie II beat Mr Guy Smith a f w d The Baron, by bpriti[,-fishermans Last Mr A J Smith a w Id an by Lord Wolseley - Ladybird boat Mr C Chapman us a b Sunshine, by had lock-Glitter Mr W Lau for s t w b Forget-me-not by Retford Miss Gordon beat Moira Shelton Bros has been beam (late Cmiscquonco late Pansy) by 1 frontier Satanella Mr J YTHIIarasablcwd Warbey, by Capri-Nellie II boat Sir J M Kay a b w b Woodlark, by wilful Chesterville My story Mr W YVIIIIamss bo d The Banker, by German and Picotee, beat Air John J Arkins a t n I assayer Allowed) by Strctohor- Colleen Mohr Mr A Watson's b d Ned Nimble, by Blue Duchess able PIGEON SHOOTING. MELBOURNE GUN CLUB. Thus all the of k by shooting: will take place to the at the club's enclosure, North Brighton, at 3 o'clock: pm. Included in the day's programme is a competition (or the Bench to a Cup. and other event, to " LAWN TENNIS. Mass UANDICAL'.-SKMr.FINAL. Normandie j less (class 1) boat II De Little (class As 6-2, 7-5 6-3; R. Bartram (class 1) beat D. Fox (class 0), St, 0-4 Day has commenced Borrtaff, and near the opening frame the sEcond, which was a love game, and the third also fell to lilies. De Little took the fourth and edith games, but Hawkes won the fifth, seventh, and dalith tram CR, which gave him the set Dates up to this was) playing better than his opponent. his les started serving in the second set, and had a three to one, but Do Little by some brilliant play took the next two, making: the score even. The score then went game and France until it as you all" was called, when Do 1 little tool, two games in 'succession, which gave him the spot. His play had now improved, and a close finish was anticipated Eagles, who had appeared to be trying to ward a the end of the SECOND set now pulled him self together, and by his son iii? and \o.lt,>Intf soon had the score four to one in his favour , De Little then took two games in Glanasheen, but that has won the next two games, which gave him the set and the match Ray) who played a flat a sum of throughout, his work is? being very good, and his policy was being accurate and severe. Do Little played a sterling (good frame, and in the second seat fairly outplayed his opponent looks scored 10 games 144 aces to De Little's 14 (Cairns 160 acres. Bartram adopted his usual tactics, play into every thing off the ground, and as Fox played the same style the rcUa were of an inordinate length, in one road the ball passed over the not no less than 10 times before a mistake was made. In the first set the play was very even until three all was called, when Vox took two games in succesion, making the score 5 to J in his favour Bertram then serving with a rush, winning three (raines running. Fox then made the score of cn by winning the twelfth trams, but bartram was not to be denied, taking the thirteenth and fourteenth (futures, which knew him the set In the second set toa Boris went, am c and come from ''four all" was reached, when Bartram Try a great struggle took two games in en COBBI, ion, which won him the spot and the match. The. final match between Norman Bayles and li. Bartram will take place on Thursday asks. 