MARRIED BY A DQQR-KEY. By Mns. M. L. RAYNK. k. 'Come over to the church in ha'f-an hour, Myra. A couple ape to be Riar-, ried then, ,.It ,may amuse you to see .one of our provincia.1 ceremonies.' ? . My grandfather. wa§.a rural dean near Petit Codiao, or as they called it in ithe vernacular, petticoat-and-jxcket, and it would be hard to imagine a simpler lif'^ or) one more remote ffom the fashion which, passeth away. The little stone church was old and picturesque, and the. people who worshipped there were as quaint and original as if they had step ,ped out of another century. . When I reached the church the wed ding party had already arrived. It con sisted the party themselves, as much alone as Adam and Eve at their ijridvl in Eden. They had arrived on horse back, and the unhitched animals-each saddled over a flowing white sheet, made -them look like equine ghosts in the twilight-were browsing about among the gravestones, disturbing no thing but the long tangled gcass end the sweetbriar roses that grew wild there. 1 hurried past them into the vestry, where the dean was struggling into hie white gown. .* You can be ray curate for this occa sion,' hesaid, as I peeped in at the door. ' You will <be needed for a witness and bridesmaid, to assist with the ring.' X walked up the aisle of the little chapel and sat down .in one of the high backed p^wg and tried to see what man ner, of folk they were who had such: qu-^er bridal customs. Not young. And ho'h were hard, of the hurnl lest rustic type rl he woman brown as a gipsy, wore a flowered mus lin dress that was coarse and badly made. A string of,beads and a white cotton veil were her ornaments. Boh wore ^hite cotton gloves, and as Uieir hands were inioiense fbe etfVct was al most grotesque, Their faces expressed bafehfulness and a oertaiu rude disdain of what other people might think. They clutched hands as if they were determined ihat no power on earth should separate theui at this crisis. Af'er they hud been instructed where to stand, they took their places, the bride eyeing ine with some iisfavour as a.possible intruder. ' Who givetb this woman to be mar ried to this man ?' At thi$ moment, ' sapped forward to make that pari of the ccremotiy com plete. 'I don't icnmv she,' fiiiid the bride, edging away, hut the dean paid no at tention to he ,and repented the Racred formula for them to follow with him. ' I will now take the ring,' said my grandfather in a low voice. ' Beeng 1 echoed the groom, 11 know nobbut a reeng. Hast any like a leeng, Mathilde ?' The rafters rung with his ' Whoa ! Dohbin' tone. ' I never <fchocht o'the like. Happen we'll ne'er mind sech a Jeetle thing a' that,' said tho bride, with a look of ..genuine terror in ^er, eyes, as if she might lose jher gajjant at the very altar. ^ Take off your ring, Myra, we cab use that for the ceremony,' said the dean, who carried out the Church., of Englani_ritual to the letter Alas, Thelcl up my glovelesa hand a% destitute of rings as those of the bride herself. What was to be done. The dean would not have considered those good ppople properly married if the ceremony of the ring were omitted. He glanced down at his oivn whit2 hands, holding the Beared book, then he turned hurried ly to me. ' ?Go and bring me the key of the Church,' he said. ' What in the world is he going to do with it!' I queried to myself, as I obeyed. I Taking the large, brass key in his hand, be gave it-to the man, designating the'loop at the pnd of the handle. He ! then instructed him to slip the ring over the bride's finger. I nearly laughed aloud, as I saw the expression of sur prise on the poor thing's face as the key dangled on her finger, while the bride groom lumberingly repeated after the dean ' With this ring 14hee wed,' &c; As soon as they were married I re stored the key to the door and the groom banded a rude jparael to my grandfather 'It's ihe pay t' weldin*,' he said briskly. The dean thanked him courteously without having an idea as t) what the parcel ini; ht contain. There was a horse block at the door on which the bride mr-unted with her dress tucked up about her. Only one horse with its flapping bridal accoutre ments was in sight. } iiichard !'screamed the new wife, ' where'e my "beast Kichard had taken off his white gloves and was cantering rou'id among the gravestones looking for the ' Least.' Tt was soon found, and after we had shaken hamls with the two and wished them jo_v, the queer pair rode off in fine style. ^ hen my grandfather opened the p:ircel-he found-the s:ift. silky skins of a dozen musk-rafs-i princely fee from such a sou ch -Jjr.troit Free Press. 