GENERAL NEWS. To CoHitKSi'ONDKXT. — As ' Subscriber ' has failed to furnish us with his name nud . address we must rofnso to publish his lcttor until that condition is complied with. Police Couht.— On Friday last, only a solitary drunk made his bow to the. Police Magistrate, and as ho was very venernblo and very sorry ho wus let off with a cnutinu. Warwick Backs.— Wo regret that owing to extreme pressure of local imittur wo nro com polled to hold over tho report by our special roportur, of tho S.D.T.O. Annual meeting which will appoar iu our next. Heniiy Jordan. — It is currently roported that Air. Henry Jordan is about to resign his scut for South Brisbane, owing to his long continued ill-health and his advanced ago. Thore is not a member of o.nr Parliament who has dono bettor work for tho colony th m Heury Jordan, or one who is inoro universally respected. Bootmakers Stuike. — Tho bootmakers strike is now fortiiuatoly at mi end. Aftur repeated conferences cnuooH'mt'uy concessions were niadu (irat by tho employers and latterly by operatives, and non- all tire at work again. A suggestion cornea from Mr. Jlim-'hliffo wliioh is undoubtedly a good good one. That an agreement such us that arrived at by the two parties should bo binding on both for a specified timo. It is destructive of business and of the amicable relations which wonU exist between master aud man, that trade should always bo carriod on undor tho four of an impending strike. Hallelujah Wbddino.— Our local brand) of tho Salvation Army intend having high jinks during tho next few days. Thero is going to be a marriago of two uiombors of the body, and the ccromnny must bo a far more serious ono than is the case with tbo heathen services in connection with the event. The annivorsary extends over Saturdny, Sundny, nnd Monday, Wo expect tho affair will bo a grout success. St. Patbiok's DEBATons.— This class held its usual meeting in tho Hibernian Hall on Monday last Tho Itov. T. Hayes, presiding, and about 20 members present. Mr. Dillon road a very interesting and pleasant essay on tho lifo and work of A. Ii. Gordon, tho Australian poet, in a musterly manner; for wbich he received the thanks of the class. On next mondoy evening tho Minister of LnucU, J. T. Fahy, will move the second reading of the Land Tax .Bill. Visitors are cordially invited. ; No Keoiphocitt. — At tho weekly mebt ing; of tho Cabinet on Tuesday tho mombers of tho Government had under con sideration the proposals as to a reciprocal nrrangement botweon this colony and Simth Australia, submitted in a communication to Mr. Donaldson from Mr. W. F. Holder, ColoDial Treasurer of the latter colony, and iu connection with which Mr. Holder two or three weeks ago viiitcd Uiisbaoe. Tho Ministers decided that tho present time was inopportuno for entering into any such arrangement between tho two colonies, and Mr. Holder has been notified of tlii3 by telugram. — Queenslander. INSPECTOR OF JTCTISAXCES' 2f CTHANCE.— Mr. Stockham has callod on us as to the above. Ho savs that innumerable complaints had been made about the ravages of goats from Boulton Terrace and Bridge- stroot. On Monday after noon lnst he visited these localities nud at each place killed five goats. The peats woro killed between 4 and 5 o'clock on Monday afternoon and they wero all removed before 2 p.m. on Tuesday. They would have boen removed curlier but the contractor having his nightsoil duties to attend to could not attend to it carlior. Mr. Storkham says ho cannot be re. sponaible for tho doings of dogs but in this cool weather tho carcasses could not be stink ing in that time. That these nro fact) tho inspector says ho is prepared to prove. Fins. — Thore was a small fire nt tho rear of Messrs. Oampbell's butchers shop in Ituthven atroot on Thursday night nbiut 12 o'clock. Tho fire occurred iu the Binoko house. At about 8 p.m. tlw sansagos had beon re moved from it and although there was some sawdust smouldering', there was no fire por ceptablo. Smoio and fire wore soan about 12 o'clock and Detective Olaik with others, speed ily extinguished it. Tho door and donr frame together with tho roof arn very severely charred, and a quantity oE bacon and hams which were in tho room at the timo aro com pletely destroyed. The door and roof seemed to bo of pine which is easily Bet on fire. We would suggest that such a building as that, should be of shoot iron. Fortunntoly, tho smoko room was so built that tho tiro could not easily bo carried to other buildings. Beating- the Kkcoiid.— A special cablo message giving thu result of tho English Derby (says thu Melbourne Ar/e) cmuo through from London in tho remarkably quick time of Hi. Omin. 33sei!., which takes n prominent place uraong tho records of quick transmission. Even allowing for favourable couditionc, the cable and local telegraph Authorities are to ba congratulated on achieving suoh rapid despatch. The fastest telngrnm on record was tho ono Bent by tbo Marquis of Normanhy to the Queen iu 1880, announcing thu opening of thu Exhibition, That meusngc, which cou. taiiied seventy-eight words, occupied twenty threo minutes iu transit, including repetitious, the timed being — Melbourne, 12.50 ; Port I Darwin, 12-52; Madras, 12.55; Bombay, 1; ? London, 1.10; Balmoral, 1.13. For that j otiicial message very oHlioniU preparations j wero made to expedite its transmission, tho j linos b'ing kept clear and everything in readiness ; but tho Derby telegram referred to ciiinis through in tho ordinary way of business, nnd in tho record of Proas telegrams takos a foremost place. Fibk BniQADB Board, — A meeting of this Board was held at the Court House at -i p.m. on Thursday. Members prosont : Mr. J. i Garget (in tho chair), Messrs. C. Campbell, J. j Stirling, S. G. Stephens, It. W. Scholofield and tho Secretary. Minutes having been read and confirmed, tho application of the men for an increase of pay was considered. Tho secretary was instructed to make enquiries as to the rate of payment in Brisbane, Ipswich, Maryborough, and Bockhampton, and tho consideration of the matter was postponed until that information was to hand. Catalogues of fire engines wore submitted from Messrs. Marywether and Co., and from Messrs. Shand aud Mason, both of London, It was agreed to ask for a report from tho SuporintomUnt of tho firo brigudo before ordering a manual engine which is considered to be very noceu anry to the equipmontof tho brigade. Accounts amounting to over S'il woro passed for payment. The next motting appointed to be held iu a month from date. I.O.G.T. — The regular weekly meeting of the ]STew Ark of Safety Lodgo No. GO, was hold in the Oddfellows Hull, on Tuesday ovouiiif* last, C. T. Bro. Hawes in tho choir. Two candidates were proposed for initiation. A communication was read from thu Grand Secreta'y, Bro. Rev. P. Aston, P.O.C.T., stating his intention of visiting Xnowooinbi on Tuesday and AVednesday noxt. It waa unanimously agreed to hold a public ineoting on Wednesday ovening, Juno 18th (eea advortisment) in which the Grand Secretary bo osked to take part. Tho programmo for the ovening being a debate, subject dnucing, tho C. T. callod upon Bro. Ii. Smart l'.C.T. to open tho debate which ho ikl in a most nblo and worthy manner, bringing forward strong arguments to npprovo thufc daucing was beneficial to both body and mind. Bro. Monland then rose nud in a most eloquent inannor denounced dancing ns having an ovil effect upon young men and woman morally und physically. Several other brothers spoko a few words upon tho subject, tho dobato was both intorcating and instructive, Tho lodge then closed its sossion at 10 p.m. Tho C.T. then announced tho programme for tho next meeting would bo, Sisters Cooking contest. Attendance 30. Death of ' RANaKn.' — Yostorday aftor noon Mr. W. Gontle, of the ltoyal Hotel, sus tained a icvero loss by tho death of his vain-' nblo racehorse, Ranger, through an accident wliioh happened at the Warwick vaues on Wednesday last. Ranger wus ono of tho 12 starters in tho District Plato at tho S.D.T.C. Meeting at Warwick, and just before tho full of tho flag was kicked by Mr. R. Hunter's Magic, nboot tho region of tho heart. Thero was no timo boforo tho start to ascertain tho extent of Banger's injury, and ho was despatched on tho journey, finishing fourth, about half a longth behind third horse Ho waa immediately after the race shipped back to Toowonmbd and arrivod hero abnnt mid night, when he was found to bo in groat agony. All that votoriuary science, and thu best attention of tho owner- and his friends conld do was unavailing, and tho horse, after suffering acutely and lighting aguin9t death with nil tho pluck that puro blond is capable of, gave up tho ghost about 5.31) yostorday afternoon. Hunger, who was by Yonug Sir Horctilos out of Florence, was purchased by Mr. Gontlo about November last, and in lUdpousa to tho deserving euro bestowed1 on him he won the 1 [unite Unco nt tho Q.T.C. Aluoting at Kajrlo Farm on tho 2'Ath May. Tho horso wss just about getting into decent form, nnd would, uo doubt, havo recouped: his owner for his outlay. All lovora of lioneBt, straightforward raciug will hopo that Mr. Guutle may havo, in tho near future, sulliciont good fortune on tho turf to recoinponso him for this disaster. : i Heroes or the Dahk Contihbxx.— Wo havo beon shown a sample copy of anew work on the abovo subject, which should ho oppor tuno in view of the interest oxcitcd in Africa by tho recent travels of Stanley. The hook in profusely illustrated with high-cla93 en gravings, and has a beautiful binding, which would in -ko it nn ornament to any drawing room. Mr. li. B. Cliiplmm, solo agent for tho work in Queensland, is staying at tho Court House Hotel, Pettx- Debts.— On Friday last, boforo tho Police Mujiatrato, Mr. Mackay made an application for a now trial in tho case of Shaw v fiorgot. The application wng granted. An interpleader case wus hoard, P. JT. Davidson v W. Moloney claimmt Mr. \V. Beer. Mr. J. Murray appeared for tho claimant and Messrs. Peterson aud -alnmuil for the execution creditor. After vulumnonsjiividenco the bench found that clitimcnt had failed to establish his claim and docided that execution must proceed, cluimaut being mulcted in daumgos£7 Us. Cd, Socialism Increasing.— An interesting mooting waa hold last nbht iu connection with the Literary Club of ttio Y.M.C.A. T.t took tha form of a discussion upon Bellamy's celebritod book, ' Looking Backward.' The speakers woro Messrs. M. C. Gellatly, Larson, Dium, Swanu, 'Lewis, Marchant, J5. T. Harris, Aulsebrook, Aincabury, and H. Duncan, who almost unanimously favoured fcho miin idea of Bellnmy's theory of soeitil improvement. The mueting was continued till u rather lator hour than usual, and tho dosiro was expressod to coutiuuo tho subject next session. — Courier. Mb. JAMH3 Caiii'Iikm,, M.L.A. — Wo wero surprised to meet tho genial member for Aubigny yesterday morning, knosving that ho had only recently loft town for Melbourne to consult nn eminent imperialist, nnd unfor tunately did not get much encouragement iu his hopo for a speedy cure. Tho doctor told him that it was impossible to restore to him what ho bad already lost. All that ho could aim at was to save for him as much of his hearing as was left. To that end a very temperato- diet was prescribed. Uo is pro hibited from drinking any toa or spirits of any kiud, of beer he may only take very little, mid otherwise a very sparing diet U com mended. Tho doctor ordered him to leuvo Melbourne at oneo, and ho will be treated hero by Dr. Roberts, with whom Dr. Barrett will consult. Wo aro only echoing tho earnest hope of every one who knows Mr. Campbell, when we express the hope that tho treatment will be successful beyond the liono or oxpecta tionB of tho doctors. St.Uujby. — It is a matter of porsonal gratification to mo that Mr. Stanley has reached London again in safoty, for at tho time wheu the most dismal forebodings wore prevalent respecting his safety, I did my best to reassure the public on that roint. My experience is that African explorers always do turn up safely. That they should make tho most of tho fact is very proper. But there is no occasion for anybody els» to fell unensy — not cvon tho iusurunco offices. The explorer, liko everything else, comes at last to him who can wait. 5Tow that ho has got homo again, I sincerely hope that Mr. Stanloy will remain here and turn his ubilUiea, which are undoubtedly great, to so-.ue profitable account. From what I];can loarn of his proceedings in Africa, he lma not been very well employed hitherto. Ho has buou lighting numerous battles and killing a groat nuiiy paoplo with whom neither ho nor thoso who sent him out had uuy quurrul. Hiu own followers had died by scores of famine, poisoned arrows, unit othher causes ; and somo of thorn ho himsolf ordered to be despatched — by what right is not clour. If, in the course of tho operations, lio hud himself haeu killed, a Control African jury would undoubtedly havo pronouucod it justifiubla homicide; and if a Central African ' explorer' wero to head an expedition of the SRmo ohnrarter iuto thia country, thero is no doubt that we should inuke ahort work of him. —Trut/i: Ckueltyto A House.— ' Man's inhumanity to man make countless thousands mourn ' but what about that useful a liinal tbo horse. Somo would soy let him rip and wo are aFraid such was the case in Humo-streat, which befell a horso we understand to have been etigaeed in Corporation work. An accident happened shortly after 5 o'clock on Weduusday after noon as tlio corporation roller was being drawn down numo-street by fivo horses. After having crossed Uvrriea- streut the shatter by nomo unnccouutablo means got his near hind leg uudcr tho roller and had it broken. It was decided by Mr. Stockham who wus passing to have tho animal shot, hut ' the poor bruto was allowed to stand all night in great agony as it was not shot until nftor 10 o'clock on Thursday morning. Mr. Stockhiim culled at the police station and asked Sergo.iut Ballantyuo to seud a man up to shoot the horse, when tho sergeant, with his usual promptness despatched Const&ble; Becher, who on his arrival imuiiidi'itely put tho poor bruto out of his misery. But, to tho great disgust of the neighbors, it was not until after four o'clock in the afternoon that Mr. Stockham hud tho carensn removed. Hud such n thiiiff happened in any town which was sufficiently fur ii'tvanced no to have a society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, it certainly would have implicated somo person or persons in a vast amount of trouble. W.O.T.U.— On Monday tho Oth instant a special meeting of tho Wouiou's Ciirislinu Temperance Union wus hold iu the Primitivo Methodist Church (which wan kindly lout for the occasion), the President occupying tho chair. Tho meeting had been called'lvy the request of the Colonial President, for the special purpose of uniting in prayer, for the success of tho Christian Temperance Mission all over tho world, and was woll attended by members and friends, At the close of the prayer racetiug n short business meeting was held, at which tho President iu the unavoidable nbseuco of tho secretary, read the balance sheet for tho Reformatory treat which showed a very satisfactory state of tho finances. Subscriptions receive 1 iu money sunountcil to £2 Is, balance in hank from last year £:l Is 10.1, tea aud sugar nold, Oj ort, total £i '.h ii.l ; total expenditure ii'i 7s 3d, leaving u balance in hand of JBI Ia7d, which it was decided to put in tho Savings Bank as before, The Pre sident informed the mombers that the appar ently small coat wus owing to tho liberality of Messrs Ciunpbell and Uolund in supplying meat and tongues, and many hidtos nnil gentle moil giving almost all tho refreshments and fruit, so t'in.6 tho committee hud to ask for few contributions in money. Votes of thanks to tho Mayor and Corporation for tho freo use of the Town Hall, Mr. Krotchinoyer and tho members o£ his band for thoir gratuitous services, Mr. Porter for conveying tho girls to and f lom the Town Hall freo of charge, Mrs. Groom for her prosont to ouch girl, to Messrs. Campbell aud .Uohud aud all the other ladies and gentlemeii who contributed so lihorully to givo the girls tho treat which thoy all seemed so thoroughly to enjoy. Tub Itov, Legate, M.A. of Warwick will conduct divine service at tho Prcsbyteriuu Church to-morrow morning and evening at tho usual hours. Robert. Sinclair sells a lot of housohold fur niture on Tuesday next; largo consignment of brooms, nmtchoi, walking sticks, &c;, on Thursday, aud ou Wednesday week Mr. Preston's farm nnd several allotments. T. G. Jtobinuoa & Co. will sell this day : Colts and fillies, cows, pics, drays, springcaits, potatoos, implements, &c.; On 26th Juno !Mr. McDowall's furniture, horsos, oattlo, buggies, &k.; John Palkinor & Co. will hold their weekly farmer's produce talc. A grand tomporance demonstration will bo hold on Wednesday, 18th inst. 