Il» Iteritea Pities, PUBLISHED DAlfcY. SATURDAY,, OCTOBER 35, 18S0. THE telegraphic report of the continua tion of fie debate on Mr. MACBOSSAN'S motion, affirming tlie desirableness of Territorial Separation for North Queens land, which took place in the Legis lative Assembly on Thursday nighf was, without exception, the most important and interesting piece of Parliamentary news ever published in the columns of the Nobtherst MIXES. Important bccause the final result will involve the future well being of one of the most valuable territories in the: Australian colonies, and interesting' iuasmuch^s it gave hon. members for both Southern and Northern consti tuencies an opportunity such as they have scarcely ever had before of ex pressing their views on a question which, from whatever aspect it is viewed, is at the present time of paramount importance to all Queens landers, whether they be Queen-street merchants. Central district and NorthernI squatters, or miners. The hope ex pre-sedbyMr. MACROSSAS, and endorsed by Sib S. W. (xurFFrni and Sie THOMAS MCIlwraith, that the debate would be conducted in a fair and impartial manner and without the ex hibition of party bias, was fairly well carried out, and it is gratifying to find that as a rule the hon. members who spoke did bo in a temperate spirit, and "without the vituperation that has some times charaeterisedimporlantdiscusBions in the Queensland and other colonial Parliaments,- but, at the game time, it is. evident that towards the close some members expressed themselves strongly and in forcible language. The grave importance of the subject, however, that was under discussion. must be their excuse, and we can readily forgive tbem if. their utterances were occasionally couched in language that drew forth smart retorts from the other side, which j even that side might have been. As j a whale, the debate appears to have been conducted in a, spirit of fairness ! that would have done credit to any deliberative Assembly in the world, ami as supporters of the Separation move ment we, while having every respect for i the opponents of the cause, do not: think we have any reason to be ashamad of its advocates. The Hon. JOHN MACBOSSAS" is not a great orator. He is neither a DEILOSTHEXES nor a GLAD STOKE, but he has, judging by the pub lished report of his speech in Hansard, and the telegraphic epitome of the re marks he made on Thursday night to which we have already referred the admir- i ablefaculty of stating a plain case 111 such a plain manner, thai it could not fail to be intelligible to the dullest intel lect, whilst when he resorts to logical argument, he invariably draws his i deductions from sonnd and unchal lengeable premises. Bis exposition of the eajiseof Northern Separation on its merits, was, weventnre to say, a master piece. He spoke clearly, succinctly,' and straight to the point, and succeeded j in showing a very large number of the 1 members assembled that, however mndi - they might dislike the idea of parting j with the Northern milch cow, wiiic-h j has hitherto been such a prolific uduree j of profit to the Southern, portion of the colony, the cry for Separation *s not like the Foolish desire of a balsy to possess the moon, but the demand of determined men to obtain the right *0 obtain that which should be their own, and to manage their affaire in the way tliey think most fife He showed that it was impossible that the colony could and even the principal opponents of Separation admitted that the distance j between Brisbane and the North waLstoo i great. He pointed out that hitherto the North had' not received '3s fair share of the revenue of the colony and showed conclnsxvefy to any one who, can consider the matterealmly that the ? bla :k labor bogie has as nmcfc claun] to substantiality as the ghost ofi Hamlet's father. fh» migilillili «?' the otiier side were of the old typed order. Theinomsaenfcwvs pnmft tnre said some boo. member*, maA should not be entertained mtil the colonies were federated. They forgot that in all pnbabiiii^, a federal parlia ment would not fame tits power to deal with Separation. Others objecH that the movement was only a dodge to make Townsville into a Capital City, % proposition equally ridiculous, and even if the people of the North decided to erect Townsville into the capital of the new colony, what odds could it make to the people of the Sooth f Another objection was that bond holders would object, but we opine that it would not take a very clever actuary to adjust the loan accounts in such a manner as to give every confidence to the holders of securities. Seeing that the North has more resources, especially with respect to gold and minerals than all the rest of Queensland put together, we fail to see what English investors would have to be afraid of, and have every confidence that were tie new Colony established on its own hook, memhersof the Xiondon Stock Exchange would not be at all frightened to deal in North Queensland debentures. At the close of the debate, SIB, Samuel Griffith's amendment affirming that Separation was not desirable, was pat and carried by 32 to 26, a majority of only 6. This was a very narrow ma jority, and had it not been for the feet that a number of the Opposition mem bers were absent it is probable that would have been a majority against it. The amendment, however, has has not yet been submitted to the Honse as a substantive motion. It will be next week and then we shall see the exact state of parties on this, the most burning question that has ever exercised the minds of Queensland legis lators. Sib THOS. M'Ilwraith as much as intimated that if the Government failed to get a majodty they would take their seats on the left hand side of the Speaker: Sib THOMAS has been in the cold shades of Opposition before to day. and it is just within the bounds of possibility that he may be there again. At ail events the outlook Is encourag ing for the advocates of Separation and we hope that ere loog the object for which they have patiently toiled for tlie last five or six years will be achieved. Beai tu-cxly cool and sweet smoking Dixson's pare American tobaccos. The Rev. GL Swan, who recently arrived from Scotland, will preach in Hie Presbyterian Church to-morrow morning and evening. DIXSON'S Ksgle and Champion tobaccos All made from pure American Leaf only. The Republican .Association announce a debate at the Miners' Union Hall, to- morrow. Subject: " Socialism and Individualism." ONCE smoked, always emoted-Dixson's Champion pocket-picccs. AT the Police Court, yesterday, before the P.M., Robert Kevlaod was fined £3, or M days' imprisonment for using obscene language.; MR. B-. BUSEZIX will srll at his rooms to day at 3 pan , the privileges for the Spring j Meeting of tlie T.J.C-, which will take place on Thursday next. They will comprise grand stand booth, two publican's booths, refresh ment booth, gates, and 500 race books, lie will also bold liis usual sale of horses, and a lot of furniture, etc., and a speciality to wliicli the j attention of bote! keepers is invited, fifty head of yonng Mb. Ash sorts and conditions of men smoke Dixon's Eagle and Champion tobaccos WE would direct the attention of onr sub-; scriberg to onr advertisement over the leader. ? Times are hard, and wages and other expenses I have to be paid every week. We therefore remind those in arrests that subscriptions are; now due, both for the current quarter ending | December 31ft, and previous quarter. For the convenience of those who come to ton on Saturdays, and others, our accountant will be visible at the office from 6 to 9 o'clock this evening. ! THE purest tobaccos made-Dixon's Fagle' Twist, and Champion pocket-pieces. ME E. H. Ayton lias a lot of horses to sell at his yards this afternoon, including Mr W. M. Mowbray's thoroughbred stallion " Wild River." Wild Hirer is well known and is pos sessed of a most aristocratic pedigree and "who ever is fortunate enough to secure him will never hare occasion to regret the purchase. The same auctioneer will also offer a tot of1 jewellery, cuttlery, and other miscellaneous articles. Hie has also a lot of good hulls from Wonnt Cornish and Tower Hill for private sale, particulars of which raw be obtained on j application. A GOOD judge will always smoke Dixon's Eagle Twist Tobaccos. A SIGK of the prosperity of the Towers and the advantages derived by those who we in business here maybe gathered from the &et; that another firm has opened amongst us, under the name of Arthur Creese »Ti Coy. Mr. Creese has been associated with the late business of Welch and Hill for some timi> past, and bis enterprise in opening on his. own account will, no doubt, receive from the general public the reward he deserves. A g'ance at oar business columns will inform those who are interested of the goods kept in stock, including imports from tiie various localities noted for the mannfacture and pro duction of the best articles. Wis would advise all economical housewives to pay a mt to the establishment to-night, and judge of all % good filings on view for themselves. Thk regular fortnightly meeting of the Miners' Union was held at their rooms last evening. There were present-Messrs. Vernal (chair), Boon. F. Richards, Cisadj, Darch, Collins, Stocks, Danes and Love. AwMyt pay amounting to £13 10s was passed for pay ment. Leave of absence was fnrmntvA |£g secretaiy to attend the annual conference «E the A.M A. at Gympie next month. Mr. Darch to act as Iocpw few** during hisnbeence. The ^eretaiy read a letter which appeared in the Australian HcpaMicmi of September 20th, over the signature of " Helen Sho^tr," in which lie (Mr. Bidiaidsl was accused of attempting to injure the cause of the women workers. JTc disclaimed any intention of » doing, bat after the tissue of jEdrimodg which Mrs. Shoyer's letter was bristling, as a man, and having respect to the troth, licwoold refuse to act as secretary of the Federation as long as Mrs. Shoyer bad a. seat on the board. The day complained of/ when they could not have the office for their meeting, was the day they removed offices, and the place was in great disorder, it being impossible for a meeting to hare bcen hdd in the lialL the letter stated the hall w s not opened, bat it was Et op, and Mr H" Grant- whom they knew I. well-was with him, and heard him apologise to Mr ; Slioyer for the arcnmstances. Mr Clark, the baker, had also told him in presence of ;Mr Hil], their Committeeman, that her letter was «rong, as he was in theoffire and could aee for himself. IE Mrs Shoyer did not wish to earn notoriety, why did she not write to thfcCuminit-; teeaHd make complaints; bare suited her as only had: told "Mr l^owry of To wnsviQe dUe^liL him a torn. All the mmberB^)be?btimu& teeepol® severely on Mies foyer's conduct, and. jfc was eventually resolved, Tfeafcthe-j Wemen Workers lTnionliannottlieuseofthej HajU dtiriugthe Preadencyof Mrs 6hoy«r. ] 