TOWN TALK. Tl.e following matter ^'irac^")ot))l,0r r ,,,-tl, i>n"e :—Commercial News, GiU o Hospital Committee, Geelong and Western "fit Agricultural and HorLcultunil Society and CoiTC.spoiuiei.ee. "Router's telegrams tl.is morning announce J, t >*&. «»«•"*» manifesto anouncing the separation of C from State. Influenza holds its oivn, and h-es oven reiluocd tl.c British anny to such mi extent that the Aldcrshot barracks has been turned into a hospital. Terrible disagreeable weather prevailed tliron"hout the whole of yesterday. A fierce j northerly wind set in early in the n.ornmg and towards noon the heat was "l™"* hearable especially by persons having to pci form work out of doors, for m Iho shade the thermometer registered lOlde,,. four o'clock in the -afternoon the wind suddenly veered into the westward, and a dust storm of a memorable character buret over the toivn. The black clouds whiel. obscured tl»c sky threatened a heavy douu nour of rain, hut only a couple of h0lit j showers fell. They were preceded by'severe flashes of lightning and sharp peals.of [thnndci, and the storm passed away without tan much damage. Shortly after U o eteek « steadv rain set in and continued to fall | after "one o'clock this moniing, the tcmpcia turc of the atmosphere being cool and ic freshing. _ Prosecutions have been instituted by Mr Win. Ham, inspector for the shire of Barra tool, against cightf.f tl.e largest landholder | in the shiro for having neglected to destroy the thistles growing on their properties. All of the cases arc to he defended, and.arraugc met* have been made to have them heard next "Wednesday in the police court at Mount Moviac. Messrs Harwoud and Pmcott, solici tors, are acting for the inspector 111 the matter. Ernie C. Cavffl, the champion swimmer of lite colonies, has signified his intention to re visit Geelong next month. He has nom - mi ted himself for the half-mile hand cup match, wl.ieh will he one of the leading features of the forthcoming annual competi tions under the management of the V, esteni Swimming Club, and tl.e first prize for which is The secretary of the club has written l,t "W. C. Pe.vis, tl.e champion swimmer of South Australia, hut lie has not yet given a definite reply as to whether he will attend tl.e niittclic.s. Messrs Herd Bros., of Bloomsbury-streot, Chilwcll. were the successful tenderers for the painters ' work at the Geelong raccconrtC in connection with the annual meeting to he held on Friday and Saturday, the ..1st .Tanuarv and 1st February. Everything will he finished by tl.e 27th insl. The enclosures, lawns, and running ground generally are ... splendid order, and there is every prospect of the meeting of IHDt) being one of tue best vet held on the banks of the Barwon. Entries for tl.e principal events-Cup and Handicap, Steeple, Hurdle, and Two and Three-year old Handicap—have exceeded the most san guine expectations. ArBii.geiiiei.ts have been made for return special trains to run from Melbourne to tl.e course, and trams wilI run from Ralh.rat, Terang, Campcrdown, Golae and Queenscliti', calling ;tt till stations at ex cureiou fares. •V special meeting of the Geelong Lowu Council was held last right for the p.-pose of selecting a candidate to represent the Western boroughs group 0.1 the Board of Public Health. There were present—The Mayor and Crs. Connor, Orchard, Meakm, Davey and Howard. The town clerk read a communication from the mayor of Ballarat. rci,nesting tl.e council, in the event of a member thereof not contesting the seat, to support his candidature. It was pointed out that Mr Little hud received strong support and was hopeful of success. Under tl.e circumstances it was thought desirable to vote for the mayor of Ballarat, and 011 the motion of Or. Davey. seconded by Cr. Orchard, it was resolved to select Jlr Little as the council's nouiiuee. In duly last an examination for ecvlif»<*.atcs in connect ion with tl.e South Kensington school of art, London, was conducted. Papers from pupils of Mr Sasso, drawing master of Geelong, were forwarded, and the following is a list «E 'a'e resuU* i,s affecting the only pupils who competed :— Freehand, 2nd grade art subject.—Helen A, Peters, passed 1st class, excellent ; Holla Wilkins passed 2nd class. Model drawing, 2nd grade, Helen A. rotors, passes! 1st class ; y.tAlii AVillcins, jiasscd 2nd class. Out line drawing from the east, 3rd grade, Helen A. Peters, passed; Zella "Wilkins, passed. Shading from the cast, 3rd grade, Helen A. Peters, passed, excellent; Zella Wilkins, passed, excellent. A meeting of the Geelong Sailing'Clul. was held at the Victoria Hotel last evening, Dr. T. C. Hope in the chair. Tl.e principal business was the arrangement of a pro gramme of competitions for to-mo.Tow after noon. The following is a list of the yachts entered together with ll.eir respective crews and handicaps :—Chance, A. Shea (capt.) and crew, Ginin. behind scratch ; Siren, II. Roebuck (eapt.) and crew, scr. ; Tliella, G-, Broome (capt.), G. Laird and P. Fielder, scr. ; lolanthe, J. Bannister (capt.), F. Speed and II. M'Cormick, Imiu. ; Mikado, P. Douglass (capt.), Drs. Hope and Newman, 3inin. ; Circe, P. Whitfield (capt.) and crew, 3...in. : Iona, J. Fielder (capt.), G. Hon.scy and Fitzpatriok, Ginin. ; Folly, C. Shannon (capt.) and crew, Smin.; Elsie, .T. Bclcl.cr (capt.) and crew, 20mm. It was agreed that the Yaiva-street wharf should be the starling and finishing points in the match. Mr G. Rooke was appointed starter and timekeeper, and Mr J. Jackson judge and referee. The match was timed to begin punctually at 2.30 p.111. Two children named William Mahoney and Da rid Mahoncy, sons of William Ma lioncy, a painter residing in Chilwcll, wer brought lip at the Central Police Court yes terday on a charge of being neglected. Ser geant Rogers stated that 011 tl.e 26th of No vember last tl.e children were found by Constable Dufi'y in a miserable condition at South Geelong, and on being bronglit before the Bench they wore handed over to the temporary charge of tlieir uucle, Denis Mahoney. Tlic latter agreed to provide for them until sueli time as their father, who had been drinking and out of work, would lo prepared to resume charge of them. The father had not, however, carried out the promises 1.0 had made to make hotter pro vision for liis family, and they had ac cordingly to he once more brought before the Bench. Mahoney's wifo could 110 longer look after the little ones, as she had recently been committed to a lunatic asylum. Evi dence was given in the case by Denis Malioucy, who stated that in November last his brother had contributtxl only 17s. Cd. towards the maintenance of his children, and ho had refused to pay their nurse when she last applied to linn. After eonsideringthecase the Bench decided to hand the children over to their father, and wanted linn that he would be sent to gaol if' he failed to provide for them. Mahoncy was as usual profuso in his excuses, and promises of better behaviour. - There appears to ho i,,^ prospect of a settlement of the ,r pute which has arisen hetwe Na.sli and his stonemasons as to the7ioi working and the rate of wages It 1,'°"?''' ' ■««< HdJi |ty, j. intimated, however, that Mr Nasi, allow tlie wages demanded, and :ils<i •" ^'' the half holiday on Saturday, .without""" quiring- the liien to work an addition-,! Hr hour thiily, without adopting the vrineiide" f unionism in his yard. lie says tl.-.t l ,,.,„.;ii;,.„ ... „ , - 1 ''Ci, not unwilling to pay good wages t„ workmen, hut he does not believe •. \- 111 p'Uli,a guol unifonn wages to every class of labor."' Edward Shanahau, the son of a fan,u.r siding at Cowie's Creek, appeared at the I1*" tral Polico Court yesterday on a char".*" lunacy. Evidence was given bv Drs °ji and rincott that the j-oung man's mental d? rangement had been occasioned hy over i'ml i gcncc in drink and exposure. The Bench oide<I to remand the patient for a week on ,i' understanding that he would, at the Mll- " tion of that time he probably almost if '' completely recovered. The justices' on Bench were Mr Heron, P.M., and jr.. '' Tully and Spalding, Ja.r. * The fourth of the series of united pr,lv meetings was hold last evening in the irlj Church. The Rev. J. V. M'Nair prefi,y and there was a large congregation. Ac,- •' tal address was given by the Hcv. )> Edgar, in wliicli lie made special reference fo the efficacy of prayer to the Holy Ghost. H„ also dealt with the question of how to a more effectual working of the "Word in be lievers. What was greatly needed in the cliuui of to-day was an intense love for the won! of God. Such a love would result in greater study mid profit from the Divine tc.uliitr We should be inclined to engage in tation which, the speaker had began to think was a lost art. Looking back to most of the great spiritual leaders of the p,vt observed that they had all been accustomed to spend time in meditation. During the dust storm which came on wjth almost hurricane force yesterday afternoon a splendid silver wattle in the line ofonu mental trees in Yarra- strect, opposite the "VVcsleyan Church, was blown down, bcin snapped off at the roots. The tree, the stem of which was about seven inches in diameter was chopped up and removed durin- H,,. evening. Another promising tree was up. rooted in Bcllerine-street uortli, nml the window of an old tenement at the comer of Malop-strcct and Yarra-street blown in la the storm. A departmental conference ou the tibia t of it common reading book for use in all the colonies is to bo held in Melbourne protntiv at the end of the present month. The cliief inspector of stock in New Scull: Wales has directed attention to a report that the microbe of pleuro-pncmnonia ha" been discovered by a Trench scientist, and ho states that if the report is confirmed the dis covery will prove of the greatest importance to stock owners in the colonies, as not oulv will the present difficulty in the way of pnA curing- pure virus for inoculation he removed, hut an ainplo supply would always be avail.' able for the inoculation of cattle* before pat. ting tliem ou tlie road. If systematic inocula tion were carried out there would in a few years he little of the disease ill the colimii-. The New South Wales Government hare the ma tcr under consideration. The recent collapse of an hotel in Sydney has awakened the municipal authorities to the necessity of taking prompt action fur the removal of the numerous old and cmidciiuiul buildings in various ports of that city. A telegram from Wilcamiia states that .-mother splendid supply of artesian water Ins been struck in tlie Nocoleche hire. 'IT mik, south-east of the homestead, at a depth of l.--7ft. The supply is estimated at 720,(Mil) gallons a day, and the water is vcrv good. During last year no fewer than 71 slate "ehools were closed for period-, varyingfiom one week to 12 weeks on account of an out break of fever, or other disease, amongst the children. Commander Collins, the secretary for be fence, Lieut-Colonel Dean 1'itt, It.A., and Major F. II. Haniiay, It.E.. and Mr Bell. M.L.C.; Minister of Defence. i'<; now* on n visit of inspection to the various forts of the colony in the stwunor Lady L«m:1i. Speaking at Jkillaiiit on Wednesday Ijonl Jlopctoun said:—44 In niv opinion, tlw broader the bases upon which the Crmvu rests, and the freer the institutions vrliidi support it, the more sincere irill the jieople be in their loyalty to the Crown and of their Sovereign, tlie more obedient will tliey lie to the laws which they theuwlvci make, and of which the Queen is the con* .stitiitional embodiment. (Loud applause). In Victoria you have the picture of the freed people in the world, the nest demwralk prinoiples, yet there is no part of the world in which true loyalty to their Sovereign has taken a deeper root iu the minds and affix* tions of the people." (Cheers). One of the pleasing incidents of the im mense crowd in Lydiard-strect, I3ullar.it, un Wi-dnesdny, to do honor to his Fxcellt'Jiiy the Governor, was the presence of two little boys and a girl, veiy prettily attired in High land costume. They were canned shoulder high by Mr W. Fleay and some mombeM of the City Board of Advice, and their presence (says the Cuttrin-) attracted the attention of .1 lis Excellency. As they gave their little cheer His Excellency graciously Ixnved, which was the signal for great cheeriug by the crowd. The little Highlanders hurried to their home, and rushing in, exclaimed— "Ma, we spoke to the Governor, but he w.'is not dressed like us," Parliament, which wa s n om i n a 1 Jyprorogued to tlie 12th inst., will lie further nominally prorogued by proclamation to the 4th **f Match. It is not likelv that Parliament will assemble earlier than May. A diver named David'Brewster engaged on tlie Portland harbor works was drowned 3*^f^rday. Ulic deceased was in the prime ot life, and leaves a family of seven children, the youngest of whom is about fivo years of aw. f ^ Pi'owne, who has piloted so many good shows" to Geclong, writes to say thnt lie 1ms it m contemplation at an early date to bring to Geclong a fully- equipped marionette auu fniitocini show, includingpaiitonrimetnros* fonnation scenes, and a full complement oi vocalists and instniinciitali;ts. This entertain* mcnt was one of the attractions at the Little Folks Festival at the Melbourne Exhibition iMuluing, and has only recently arrived from London. Plie Legislature of the Shite of New York has decided to adopt the Australian ballot system in the conduct of tlie State ^election*. At the Sydney police court on Wednesday luchard Donnelly was sentenced tcr six months bard labor for ill-using a woman named Exnily Bryant, with whom lie lived. Ho dragged her out of the house by tlio hair of her head, and then, standing lier on u chair, fastened her hair to a nail, aud after taking the chair away let her dangle till the nail gave way. Donnelly finished «p by kicking her about the head and body as she lay fainting on the floor. A man named Mondndo found a nugget weighing 19 oz. of pure gold at Dunolly/ou \\\ ednesday morning. The find was alq n^ sulc of Mr Faux's vineyard,close to the town, and was but 18 iu. below the surface. This evening a.meeting, will be held in Messrs Duckworth and Fox's rooms, Moornbool-stm*; to form a branch of the Amalgamated Sodcty ofC arpenters and Joiners. Messrs C. and A. Williams, agents, etc., at the Free Libraiy building in Moorobool-street, an nounce in our advertising columns tlie allot* nicnts and houses they have for sale. '• L ho general list for the Bnrnibool division of the electoral district of Grant, is now ready for inspection. : A clearing out sale of drapery, etc., will bo commenced at Mr W. P. Gilbert'sestablishment to-morrow. Tlio promises will bo closed to purpose of re-marking tho stock, lac, annual meeting of Iifo mcmbdrs and subscribers to tho Gcclong Free Library and Museum will bo held on the - itli inst., nt S p.m. u'nmations of oflico bearers must bo made on or before the 17th inst. Tenders for various works in tho Rln'ro of Jliumockburu are invited through our adver tising columns. .A. moonlight excursion by sea to the Point ■Henry tea gardens will tako place this evening under tho auspices of tlie Australian Natives' Association. The steamer Bellarine will leave the Moorabool-strect wharf at eight o'clock, returning from tlie Point at ten o'clock. _ A copy of tlio nlmiinao and tourists' guide to \\\ nrrnambool and district, published annually by the SlandarA proprietary, is to hand. It comprises a mass of useful information of a local and general character, and visitors to the >\ estern seaport town, aro furnished with com plete particulars regarding tho various places of interest in tho locality. Tho price of tho publica tion which nninbors 132 pages, exclusive of ad vertisements and gardening directions, is issued at IS. • ■ i ■ , H Tlio transfer of tho license of the Clifton Sps Hotel was granted to Mr George White, late of tho Victoria Hotel, not to "Wm, White" as previously reported. r- " 