ARCHDEACON FARRAR ON MODERN PREACHING!. I (From Hit. New Tork forum.) We live in times when nearly all know bow to read, and when excellent bookB are within the easy reach even of the poorest. Nothing is more fatal to thc pulpit than that in the very subjects with which it deals it should be sur- passed in knowledge by the pew. The printing-press must inevitably be a formidable antagonist to the autocratic dogmatism of the sermon. In days when a preacher might fairly be con- vinced that his training placed him immensely above tbe standpoint of faÍB ' hearers, and that in learning and know- ledge he was necessarily a Triton among minnows, he might be excused for j adopting a somewhat dictatorial tone, and for assuming that his ipse dixil was , sufficient lo dominate over the opinions of his auditors. But when a preacher ' chooses to adopt such a style in these days a few are bound to be found, even r' in village congregations, who have a right to say,'of him, Oat, auXnfoit; * mais non» avons change tout cela. g Nothing ÍB more offensive in the modem preacher, especially when he ia young I and raw and ignorant, than tbe assump- tion of any right to lay down the law on disputed topics. He should rather endeavour to convince, and to illus- trate, and to persuade, and to win. The pulpit-IB'no longer a coward's castle. The preacher ban be answered, if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self-important assertions will be taken only for what they are worth. Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of his authority, but of conceit. Nothing will tell more power- fully and more deservedly against the modern preacher than for him to give himself the airs of the mediaeval in- quisitor or the domineering priest. There are two great departments of knowledge which preachers are con- stantly tempted to invade, with no better equipment than that of a tradi- tional and uninstructed opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more offensive by being ornamented with a smattering of impossible apolo- getics. They are the domains of science and of Biblical criticism. In both domains numberless priests, and even whole generations of priests and religious teachers, have maintained and enforced views which are entirely false. The beacon light of progress over every such sunken reef of persecuting igno- rance should serve as a warning to the modern teacher to avoid the arrogance of a nescience which takes itself for knowledge, and denounces what it cannot understand. It is perfectly true to say that there is and con be no antagonism between the Ohurch and science, while at the same time there is no more deplorable fact than the hostility to science which has been displayed century after century by the immense majority of the Church's representatives. Not a few, indeed, of the martyrs of science have themselves been priests-among them Boger Bacon, one of the greatest of them all ; but this has not saved them from years of anguish and persecution, in- flicted upon them by the inflated and ignorant intolerance of their brethren. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has sufficient honesty to accept facts, can possibly deny that scarcely a single truth of capital importance in science hes ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the fury of theological dogmatists. In every in- stance the dogmatists have been ignomi- niously defeated. The world moved, as Galileo said it did, in Bpite of the In- quisition. A great Puritan divine thought that he had checked the pro- gress of astronomical inquiry when he said that he preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton; yet Newton was absolutely right, and the Puritan divine was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulminated anathemas against the early géologie; and one religious controversialist-with the exquisite culture and Buavity which marks the ordinary language of self sufficient bigots-satisfied himself that during the ages which preceded the creation "God had been preparing a hell .for the geologists." 1 Yet, before thirty years bad elapsed, the rejections of the truths which paleaontology had revealed would have been regarded as the mark of an idiot. The men of Bcience quietly advanced in their sacred task of deciphering the letters which God had inscribed upon the rocky rtablétTot tfie'earth, leaving the theolo- gians to square their Biblical objections with the new revelation as best they could. In our own time, to give but one instance more, we have heard from preachers, and sometimes from men who could barely scrape through the matriculation examination of a tenth rate college, the most f uriouB denuncia- tions of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution. Darwin himself opposed to these tirades the silence of a magnani- mity too noble even for the indulgence of private disdain. And already not a few leadirjg theologians adopt the theory of evolution as one which can be applied in even wider regions than those of physics. Let the modern preacher learn a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of judgment from the disastrous annals of the past. His curses, like chickens, will only come home to roost. No truth of science can collide with any truth of religion. God has revealed himself in nature, of which science is the interpreter, as He has revealed himself in Scripture, of which theology is the exponent. If men of science have often misread for a time the teachings of God's works, theologians have demonstrably erred-and that far more egregiously, and for ages together, and with fan more disastrous conse- quences-as to the true meaning of God's word.. God speaks in many voices, and has more books than one. Let all religious teachers, above all let the interest aroused in literary and poli- tical circles by such works as Mr. Froude's "Oceana," and Sir Charles i Dilke's " Greater Britain." Already anticipatory notices of Sir Charles' new work appear in the leading Australian 1 journals,, and men of all shades of opinion recognise the fullness ot thought, 1 and felicity of expression displayed in ' hU treatment of colonial topics. They : at once- perceive that he is a philoso 1 pher, a statesman, a litterateur of first rank-tv prophet of his age, and for ' coming generations. Sylvia's Ladies Journal is a fashion- able publication, well-known and exten- sively popular in the United Kingdom. The publishers have determined to bring out an Australian edition, and the first number of the latter, which has reached us, is full of promise. Tho fashion plates and illustrations are very attractive, and the letter-press will ha found instructivo and entertaining. Aooording to a statement suppliod to tho Marine and Fisheries Department in Canada, the total paok of salmon in British Columbia in 18S9 reached the enormous total of 414,29-1 oaaea. Of the total produot 182,432 oases were shipped to London, 106,016 to Liverpool, 42,261 to Eastern Canada. 84,031 to Australia, 400 to South America, the balance represent' lng local sales. 