Doctor Spencer's Great Grime. ? ♦»-? ? I unn Bitting- in my otiioe, half di-.-.in_B cmr an interminnb'lu articlu on nutrition in tlm latt mciioiil review. The lire in the grata wni) low, thu nifjht wiin utoriny.and the oluult wan mat on tho rt.rnko of eleven. 1 was nbout to turn off tlio guo nnd rc:tm-, for, lioing u baohulnr, 1 ulcpt in tho loom oonn.totiid wilh my'oflice, when thero wa'i iv pull lit the tell. 1 nhirti;d up suddenly, for bin waa Homothing quito new. Middlobury wna n ili'ooroua nort of plRcu, nnd thu pcoplo usually mnuaged to ba tuksu sick at sta'Oiiiibl(! lioura. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to dio foi1 the pant live years, and ove'ry timo I vi?itcil her nliu uolenivly iuformu'd mo that when tho de cisive mouinnt did come ulm dosirr-d mo pvosont. Hut aa nothing ailod tho old laOy beyond now nnd then nn indigcniiuii, from too higli living, I Jind never yet been called upon to bo prtoent at her dec.th. Now, I thought, it must be that old Uxb, Jeromo is going. 1 took'up my night lamp nnd went to tho door. A gust ol otrong, damp elect wind nearly extinguished the light, but, uhuuiug it with my hand, I discerned tho face of n woman. ' Como in,' I snid, holding open tho door. Sho dcoliued with a rjealuro ot im patience. ' You muot oomo out, aud bo quick nbout it,' ahc snid, in eharp, diiciaivo voice, 1 put on my overcoat without do mure, locked tho Biirpery door, and stepped into tho utorm, Aa 1 dirt' no tho woman luid a linn baud on my arm, nnd putting her f'acouloso to mine, (-aid : '?Bootor Lockwood, can you keep a Beorot?' ?.'.:...'? . ' I think so, madam.' 'Swear it.' . . ; ? ' la this Beorafc o't yoaro of n profosBiphal character? That is, is it anything you. wish to confide in mi) as n medipal imau?', , . ''It ic.' ',-. ; .. .'?. - -.- '. t -_:-i% .:.';? ' ?.-?.-?-?; rV '?..-? ?.;.. ,'? ???..' ' Very well, thenj I nwear'it.' ' ' 'Thatisniht.' : .: V - '. ? A mnn roBpccts an oath, though why ho should in n mystery, sinco, men 'a mouths are running oytr with them,;- . ! ' Whiib'cr aro yout iking me, and for what purpose?' ....;. -..-?? -?.?????'?? 'To the Clilton Houso to see the mistress,' was the reply. . : ' I started. .'.'.'?' : Olifton House wna the old maneion recently taken by Doctor. Spencer, a stranger to overy ona ia iumojeonry. aponoer was. a tall, dark, rather distinguished looking pcraon, wbo hud hung out his sign in tho village onlj a fqw dpora nbovo mino, but as yet ho had no practice. Ho wna unsociable iu the extreme, uvoiding his neighbors persistently, and when ha did fpeak it waa in so .curt, half snvago a way that no one waa likely to prolong lha convercntioB. ' ? ' The doctor had a wife, it was Baid, but no ono hnd ovsr seon her. Sho waa on invalid, and Mis3 Melroce, n friend- of the family, proiided over Iho house, and Bat nt 'tho head ; of the tublo.v Miss MelroEO wna very bcp.uti f ul, arid won the admiration of alrwhoviuited Clifton Houso by her cbeo of manner aud fflsuinating conversation.-.' _ VAs wewnik along, let mo explain to you juot what io licofssary for you to know. My uiietrcB's U very ill,' said ray companion. ?; . ??? ?' I beg your pardon— is it.Mns'.-Sp'enbcr'br Mits Malrcse?V . Shu laughed bitterly. ' Mise Mirlrcsel I would Btab her to the; henrt sponer than own her for sinistreEB. My mistrasg is a lady— noble, royal mid of gentle biith. It iu an honor to Borvo her.' . . ' And iH_ she ill ? Ilow long Dicoe?' '' Fi ? or Birjae.ahd marrlcS liiui— burse him 1' she muttered, in a fiercer tons. 'B'ut.I must not get exoited. I muat tell my story/or rather hers. Two yearn ago, through the desire of hor dying father, Alico Hcndon bo came James Spenoor's wife. Before tbaJ ehe wan ft healthy, blooming giri j_ im-mcdiatoly after their marriago sho began to fail. Do you coo onythiug Etraugein that?' - ' . ' Not necessarily.' ? , ' ' Let mo onlightcn you further. Doctor Spencer was at ono time engaged to Miss Lucillo Melroso, but ho broke tho engiige ment, and married my mistress instead. Miss Melro3o whs a3 poor us Job's turkey. Mioa Hendon wes an beiroes, and Doctor Spencer wns deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you see anything strange in that?' . 'I'erhapaso. Goon.' ' When my wietrcKB manieuVSpencer aho was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in. everything. She was a fiontlo, BiTeotionato ohiliJ, aad it would havo beou easy for Spencer to have won her love. But ho did not - aura for that. It paid hid .debts and bought him fast horcos ; it set his table with nico and-ocssly dishes, aud put it in his power to keep ;\lisa iltlrose n»W like n queen. And all thia time my mistrefii hna been alowly but surely Binking, and look you, Doofcor Lookwood, I think aho ia not dying ol disease, but of '--abb lowered her voico to r whisper na sho epoko tho word 'poison I' ' ImpoEsible 1 This is a grave charge.' ' Of poison givon her by hor huebanil, who, nt hor doath will havo tho sojo cnntrol cf her property and Ijo fre'o to marry Miss Melroso. There is no time to r.xpln'in the detaiU'of tbo thousand and onu circumstanco which has led me to believe it, for wo are almost at tho dnor. It is never the onso thnt'Misa Melroee -\nd Sponncr arc out tho house at the samo time, or I should have oalled a phyEioian he fore ; but to-night they aro both oalled nwsy. by tho death of' Miss Melroso'a sister, and will not bo back until to- morrow. With the oonflorit of my miBtreea I oamo for you, aud oh, Doctor Ijool-wood,-I pray you Bnvs her. I nursed horwhen her mother died nnd loft her a helpless infant ; all through her innoocnt yonth sho was liko an own child to mo ; and now to see her fading hourly before my eyes I Cfreat Henven'l if I know beyond a.doubt thnt ho was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit.' I wna already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had never seen hor, and like her own nurse I was beginning to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spencer. . * . ' ? Mta. Spenoor received me in her bod ohamber. 1 1 was on the seoond floor, and was furnished with exquieitoelegnncq. Everything in tho room bespoke tho refined tasto of tho occupant. The warm nir waa fregrnnt with tho odor of holiotropo, and glancing around I saw the purple blossoms and green lcnves'in an p.labastcr ya'ea. on tho edge of the south window. Sho was a woman who; onoo seen, could never ho forgotten. I have met in my life many a beautiful woman, but never ono bo lovely. She was toll and straight, with a purely oval faco, liquid brown eyeB, and a daub, of heot-iu in her chock whioh ia not seen ' in health. She reoeivod me gracefully, as I know sho did overy one, and though thero wxo u slight embarrassment in her mnnnor whou I spoka of hor illnoss, sho answered my professional 'inquiries without hesita tion. ??. - ? ? ' Att for rnyeelf, I laid aside all false deliohr.y and questioned her plainly as to her symp toraH. Mrs. Hurd, the nurse, remained iu tho room, nnd added many important items of information, . ? When she apoko of her husband it vraawith ?n Eott of ho'pelesa nadnens which diBtressed mo greatly. Not' n breath of .sufpioion against him wns in her anowers to my ques tions, and I folfa BUro that st present obo knov/. uotbing of -Buoh Botioufl opprehen Bions.: . ' -.??' '? :r--'.;v. ,-;, .?? ; ?:?- - ???? . . I was gl&rtit; wao soi for, with 'her finoly. ?strung organisation it might have produced Hcrious rcnultp.-' I made .'my exauiiustion oj ?tho' patient as olosely as-I cpuld,; arid drew ]uy ou»i conriu.'-ioni'. I rtuiM h-.'.vo sw:;vn ilmt Jiff-. Kyi.tnH-1' dnily swallorci (iiritiii'.i in nirtiill (|ii:int-.!it!a, nnd thu t'.tstlly lUng wns tL'llirg on iicr uniitiMtuliori. S!:o Biiid, i;ni:\votini; my ,quc-i!io:ii', Hint ill iu h.'ul nu phyi-ioinn (..xce|it her liti.-ili.-ini. Me thought Iiiuisulf butter ucquniutcd witU her earn, und thcrcforu lutU r qualilleil to tn.i;t, her-. He n&vcr; K-ft iiitdicinojor her (n liil'-n ; hn i'.l',vnyn brought it from hi;! ol'iiou and lulmiiiii-.ttrod it promjitly. TIjuu wai' litilu I cuultl do in Btich a nt»o. Anxious to do evntytliirg, tho very oii'uum ntivi cch of tlioofi'.tir l^ft me nearly powerluiH, A lihar^o of iiuoh nature, of oouitic, 1 ccuiM not mako nuaiiiHt DfolorSiiuncar without tl.'ii proof. ]f 1 hinted a HiiRpieion uvcryoin; vould fii-t it down to my profoaoiunBl pre judioa ; und if I could not BiibBtaiitiftte my litiitcmcnt Iho doctor could mnl:« r»o pny dunrly for euah n islander uttered ngninst him. Tlio only dependenco caamod to bo in MrH, Hurii. To her I uribosouied myuelf frtnly. I told her without rescrvo thnt I thought Dr. SlH'ncc.r wnu killing his wifo by Blow poitiim, und I hcMonghl her to coustniitly watch to buvo tho victim, nnd discover oomo proof by whioh wa can fisntun tbo guilt on her hus band. Sho smiled Rriujly anil promised obedience, ami 1 (;»vo her n paworful uvtiiuta tot tho poinon I Bu.ipp.ctcd, r.nd v;eDt home portutb';d and anxious in miod. I did not Bleep that nisjht, aud all tho next day I wns in n high fover of excitement. A ring P.t thu bell mado ma treinblo— a Htcp on the gravel out ric'o my cllioa stopped my breath, aud I hr.rdly know what I expected to hear, I fr-Ic sure thutleliouHl hear Bumtihiiig before I Blc-pt, And now I muat toll tho ntory un it was told to me. Dostor Spencer returned homo Iho morning nfter my visit to tho Clifton House. Ho looked wretchedly, tho nurso o.iid ; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miaa Mo?ro60 camo with him, and looked dccoronely F.nciover tho death ol her eieter. Women of her otp.nvp nlwuya do mourn to perfection. Thoy noither overdo or underdo the tiling, as women of feeling aro likely to do. Doptor Spencer came at ones to hi3 wifo's chamber. Ho thought that i'hc looked ill, and prescribed n cordial at once, snying ha would go and fetch it. f'You iiro alwnya ordenng oordiiila for hor,' said Mrs. Hurd, musinRly. ' Why not tako Something yourself Z You look liko r ghost I' Doctor Spencer eyed hsr keenly, but replied composedly : ?? ' ' I think I will take some of tho cordial myBelf, for I do not feel quite well. Alioo denr, chall 1 biing it here and drink your health V ??:':??' ? Mrs. Spehosr smiled sadly in oespnt— sho never disputed her hUBband — and ho went out. Presently he returned witlitwoglnescB, Both contained liquor colorless nnd adorkss. -Mte. Hurd wns wntobing him with her heart in her throat, for sho tcld me that she felt the deoieivo moment had coiuc. 'i'hero was Bomelhing in tho f;rcy pallor r.f ths doctor'B rigid face that told her oi a dctpor-. ato purpose in the mnn'fl soul. Ho lifted tho glass to the right of the tray and c^e it to his wife; . ??-.. -? ' Drink it, dear,' ho Baid. 'Il'a^iv pr.nacca ?tot, all evils. ' I am aloo going to tako n glass ot it,' and ho pointed to tho yln»s still on tbqlray. Mrs. Spencer acoepted, and was putting it to her lipn whan Mrs. Hurd interrupted. ' If you will briog her a tumbler of water, doctor, Mrs. Spencer compluinH thnt tho cordial leaves a bad tnete'-in her mouth, and my old, bones are. bo full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to gp down stairs.' , The doctor turned and bout on her a look ns though he meant to road her through. But sho kept her f »oo paiisive. . If ho bad any suspicions her manner quiolcd them, end putting down tho glass he Icftjuo ropru... Then Mrs. Hurd ohauged the' position of the glasses.''''' ;?-.;-'-- _:'?' . ,- ? ?.,.,? When ho cnino baok— and he was gone but a moment— the nurse Btood exaotly.wherohe had loft her, and Mrs..;Spenoer was lying baok in hor ehair wbh her oycB closed. ? Aijttiu he lifted tho glass— this time it wan the one intended for himself— and-placed it at tlio .'lips of hip wifo. Sho swallowed the contents, drank, a littlo of tho water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. - ? , .. 'Now for my ovm oardinl,' he said, with r.ffectcd gaiety. ' 1 indulge in something Btronger.' . ' As be spoke ho tossed off the mixture. 'It mada mo slono oold to my lingers' ends to eco him do it,' said Mrs. Hurd, re lating the circumEtanco to' mo, 'hut as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued liko this : ' IE it wna simply cordial, it would do no barm; if it waB poiaon, hi3 blood would be upon hia own sinful head.'' Ho wont to bod half an hour afterward, complaining of faliguo. .In tho morning they found him dead. , I wob culled to the posl-vwrUm examination, and we discovered in the stomach of the deooascd n fiullioient quantity ot n deadly poison known to modern science- to kill half a dozen men. My brother physicians 'agreed' that the man waa insane, nnd hnd probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told hor story, I had ray own theory as to tha cuuso of his death. Thoro waa no publio ex posure, however. Mrn. llurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to muho tho wretched r flair publio, and so wo kept our owncouneel. 3lis« Melroso, in epito of my cntiviodon that sho had an nctivo pnrt in tho aon?pirncy ngaipst Mrs. Spenoor's lifo, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and haggard fnoe. as hers I have never uccn, and when fhey buried Dootor Spencer she waa oonfined to her bed with brain fever. -I ntt?nded her in hor illness, but, though nbo recovered in health, she wa;i never herself again. Sho waa a harmless maniac, whose delight waa in gathering tlowera and decora ting tho doctor's grave with them. Slio is living still, and still gathers llawcra nnd lays them on thnt grave, pinging to herself a low inoantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrn. Snenonr had muny dftys beon my wifo, nnd tho faithful MrH, Hurd slept under tho vioktu, did Alica know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told her, r.ftcr tho Crut thook was over, sho crept into my arms and whis pered : 'But if it had not been for JamcB1 crime I should not havo found you, Horbert. So good aomotimoa oomeo out of evil.' What id tho reason that nil children are geniuses — though they contrive so Boon to outgrow thnt dangerous quality— except that they never oroas-examino themselves on tho Bubjeot? Tho moment thnt process begins, their Bpceoh Iobob its gift of unexpectedncBE-, and thoy heootno no tediously impertinent as tho rent of us. Practical application in tbo only mordnnt which will set things in the memory. Study, without it, isgymnnstics, nnd not uork, which alone will got intellectual bread, No ono can nek honostly or hopefully Io bo delivered from temptation unloER ho has himsolt. honestly nnd firmly determined to do tho bent ho oan to liosp out of it. A man will bo behind while ho follows a leader, and will comprehend the senso ot hia own exietanco only when he goea inde pendent. . Natdhk ia upheld by antagonism. Passions, resistance, dange-r, nro eduoatorc. Waacquiro tho strength wo havo oycrcomo. ?; TnEAT all mou'and womoiv ooniiidcrately nnd you will bouurpriaedat tho dividends that oomo to '?you daily and yearly. . ??',?''???: ''- It' is a wifio rulo to tako tho world 88 we 'find it, not plwaya to lcByeit sp^ ?-,'.' 