.. TWIN SECKETS. -A Slory of tht lmagmahon. . 'lly DAYID DAhSTON. Uf ilE doctor was. not tbo sort of . . nian to give offence Intentionally "y Even In private Ufa he was Elvira i much more used, to healing than inflicting them; and, ' 'though ho might occasionally '/jE? liavo to open a bad place in a \- : unlnhbour's leu. lio ihndo it a rulo novcr to probo tiio heart. Too generous to everybody, he was far from just to him self,- and' amongst -bis scattered patients on tho banks of the Darling, ho had raised tho repvtatlqu of being nobody's enemy except hid o\vu, . Ilail Dr. Martin lived in England, ho- would ha vo been to this day hoveing between thu surgeries of more fortunate practitioners, uud the iworhousc of eoino provincial town. Ho hail qualifications. both natural anil academical ; Ijp had also tho 'bold head and grey beard that no examining board is empowered to confer, and yet which, young doctor, wholinvo not tell you aro In theiufluWea a fortuuu to medical num. Hut unluckily, n» u klnd'of sut-otr. lie bad nlto a largo red no.o and a pair nf blond-shot oyes. : Ho m what might bo culled n bl-prmluct of 1 the' profession. Under no clrcura.t»tico_at v homo would lie havo been more than what Is ; kuowu as "sixpenny doctor. Decent 5 pcoplo would liavo closed the d'tore oUhclr t slok rooms in bis face. Nono but thu poor | would liavo siva lowed hta modicluu. Yet ho 1 did well imoogh tor the Aust re Inn bosh His remedies wore drastic, but hi .wiLms kind; Itud tlio "boss cockles woro as glad of his company at nil times as they were of his tid vice In time of "«> : Now 'Edward Wluturs, « manager ' of the — - . bro"f w..roi.n , having Just come to tno n.lghliourhoud, and being unaware of ju , place held in thu estimation of n « f u0 h I, Id. follow lodger at 'hu 0"; ; o Ay before him, as bo sat on the vcronuan tft allnrnoon, the blond -shut y wlll, porslstod In woterlug, tho dirty tho still dlrtlor cull that w rata lho > btuBh tho significant loan """'' ,5111,1 '! heer-slalncd wulstcont tlmt res"""oU mou U; apoplectic wuvas. And w! lion . 4ng hcgatl to ' talk he mode him .10iutcly « plainly ho could without being nbmlnteiy $$. 'Ude, that hie advance, wcro uncalled Mr. '.! Dr. Martin, howevor, bad met young 5"0 Kugland before, and ho know, 'hug Ut that ho know, both how to »«»«" 5MV, , " ftem.np and how to ' Ukolthem down. 5i. W" ."msth'ng he rather liked about young Winters. Ho has. at least, the appearance of a gontlcman," thought ho, ami maybe he don't know whom lam : besides, It will be desperate dull for -blm with no one but tbo paraon and tbo school- muter and this boor of a pablicAQ to talk to. An English newspaper wm lying on the verandah. It had come by tho mail that toy. the new bank manager having fead it through during office honre, had wwei Jf tohis hotel and thrown It down beside him, where, half-an- hour before, ho bad fallen laxlly into his chair. With your pormiMtotylSir, said the Doctor, returning in tho beat of humour to a charge which most mon would havo aban doned in disgust. The young man pushed the paper over with his foot. Dr. Martin stooped to plek it up and then fumbled for his spectacles. Rat i yilin vfa8 "tting and it was already too dusk for the bleary old eyes to read anything but the heading of tho articles and tho name of the paper Itself, " I know the place well," he said. " Dear mo 1 Yes. Moascaton in Hampshire. I ought to know it anyhow. You know it too, I suppose! Friends living there, ch 1" "J had friends there once," replied Win ters deliberately. "Yon had? Had yon now? Friends'in the loveliest village in the world, and your self in an up-country town in Australia! Old Dives might say ho'd friends in heaven. I sometimes think of the little church there, and if it wasn't for professional rcasois, and the sake of the boys out here, who don't get a rood skoll every day, though mine Is a little battered, 1 almost think 1 should crawl homo to banquet tho worms of Mosscaton. The church gates were never closed against a corpse of mine, Sir, and I've no reason to believe that they would be now. How were the elm-trees getting on when you left home ? I calculated that in ay time halt of 'em had been struck by lightning that was meant for tho parsonage, lie was a boisterous old man —that rector. But he's quito now— gono to the 1 meet ' acrots the river. A happy hunting ground, no donbt, hot a comical sort of ' field.' Think of a scarlet jacket, a velvet cap with a peak, and a pairof wings. BtiH, it's a lovely spot, and many a man I've sent to reet there, Have a drink, elr— do !" - Most men thaw a little under the warmth of old associations, especially when the ns- tho/ Are alone In the bush. Bat, outM-ardly, Mr. Winters shown! no diipo- tltian to relent. The most ho did was, for the first limu since they had met, to np|>car interested in the doctor's conversation. Indeed, if tho old practitioner could have felt fits pulio at uhat. moment, he might have discovered that he was really more interested that bo cared to show. Ho declined tho drink, however, and sat with an air of moderate indiffcronco whilst tbedoctorshoutcd a couplenf whiskies, as he said, "for thu guodof tho boase," anil then drank them both for his own good. " 1 was saying that I'd pat many a poor devil to rest in that quiet chutchyani, ho continued. "Thuy should be grateful. I'ur- hapi they'll thank mo when we meet— all, excepting the lait caw, and I won't be so certain about his gratitude. 1 attended that man for five yenrv, and, would yon bcllevo it, he died cursing me. Thu worst man, sir, I ever knew in my life, aad, lor 1 I've seen sorao pretty bad ones. Ifo had a lovely wife, too, much yuuagur than himself, or if she wasn't she looked it ; and 1 always say It's not what a woman's age really is that mat ters, but what she looks. tiho was tho belle of tbo country, and :tbcro wasu't a young squire for miles round but would have married bur without asking a question . They never did livo happily together, though. For months at a tiaie ho refused to look at her, and when she did gain his bedside, ami, with tears in her eyes, bogged to bo forgiven if she had done wrong, and pleaded tlmt it wutonly a natural vffccliun —I dont know irAaf— he boat her off, and charged her with turning him out his homo for the sake of bringing up another iuun's child there. Tho fellow was mod, of course, but I always thongh tthcro was somuthiog in that, for tho host of lis havo our moments of wcakuess, and tbo worst — I count myself amongst 'cm — havo our periods of suspicion." Winters yawned, but tbc doctor went on, '.One young and queenly, remember, with troops of admirers, and tho other old and lean, without a single friend in tbo world. You, cant wonder at a woman, can. you ? und Lady Winters was— was but a' woman," ho was about to 6ny, whon tho young bank manager roso from his chair with a cry of horror. " For heaven's sake stop," ho shrieked, " do you know to whom yon are speaking 1 That womnn wo» anaxgel. Shu was my mother," "Your mother I Impossible I You haven't a feature liko her— like either of them, iu "idou'trcmembormy fathor. You ought to know that if you attended him as long as yon say you did." "No, no, of course not," soul tbo doctor, musing,. And ho, too, roso from hta. chair and paced thu bread verandah. Edwnnl Winters was not what is called an emotional mnu. Ho had allowed his com panion to ramble on in tbo course of conver sation all through his native villago without once interrupting him, until In tho mental darknew that comes oat of successive glasses of whisky the old babbler bad unwittingly sot hta foot down on a tender raomory. At first, bo was dull from indifference ; now he was stupefied with astonishment. There bad boon heavy rains In Queensland, and tho river was running " a banker." Tbo greuter. finrt of tho afternoon he had been watching t rush madly towards thihoccan, idly specu lating on the number of sovorcigns a minute he would havo to throw out of tho window to make tho ios9 to his cmployors equal the loss to tho country from such a waste of water. Tho econo had changed since then. As ho stood now with hfn hands to his head, gazing blankly At the stream, it was no lougcr flow ing westward. It was rushing with etupon- dous speed luick upon its source, back to wards thu Queensland border, back to tho Darling Downs, higher and yot higher up tho hanks, over the adjacout paddocks, Into the main streets, flooding tho houses and rumb ling in his cars. Tbo stream of tho young idau's life hod changed Jts course. At tho toutth of a hidden spring tho flood gates of memory hod boon oponcd, and a resistless current was now forcing itself back upon him from tho great ocean of tlio post. Often had ho gazed upon it then flowing placidly on. Only an hour ago hud ho traced It from tho rivulet unon oho of whoso boulders 'bo was standing, and whoso every turning ho could well define, to the broad flood with ragged banks, and tho hazy oocan beyond. It had not appeared a very dark stream then, Patohes of shoda hail contrasted witli bnnds of brightuuis, ami oh tbo wholo the effect had bcuu rather pleasing. IIow different now, as it thundered back upon him its pitch Mack waves, aud strewd tho shores' with skeletons, some of which ho h&d; never dreamed of, and othorn that he hadknown and loved to 'look upon Iu life. Out of tho geueral wreck, ouo faco gazed beseechingly upon hlin;w)na pair of glassy eyes looked tuoro full of lovo, and leu wild and atarlug than tho rest— his mother's. Ho could bear it uo longer. Rushing away from tbu doctor, who was stammering out an unheeded apology, be pushed through n crowd of idlers iutho bar to thestalrcosothat led to his bedroom, Tho door would not fasten, for tho lock was broken, so lie ram med a uhalr against it, nnd tbon flung himself ou, tho bed, and groaned aud sighed alter nately. For a long time he mode uo attompt to grasp the situation. He was only con scious of en inward pain, and yet so undefined that ho oould hardly tell whether it belonged most nearly to the region of tbo body or the uind.3TItilfocusJcd- Itself In hls fheart— not tho.hoart that tho clergy apeak of ne being eapablo of moral developments, bnt In the' fleshly heart, tho organ that beats beneath the rfbs of tbo left breast, aad la subject to diseases coming within tbo rango of tho pharmacopooa. He pressed his band against it, and tossed from side to sldo liko soma winged creature brought down from a height, and stunned by tho fall as well as wounded by the arrow. It Is a happy arrangement for poor humanity that pain has a deodonfng effect upon Its victims, and that evon tbo seed of an agony must often die before it can be qnickoned Into mortal growth. After n whilo ho roso and paced tho room with hta hands docp down in his breeches' pockoU. Ho flung open tho window, and gazed out. Tho atmosphere within was stifling; without, the lurid twilight of tho interior was deepening Into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps you havo watched tho sua set Over tboso western plains, and been dazzled and bewildered by the flno red dust that, rising about that time, impregnates tho air with a peculiar radiance, and imparts to the mind a feeling of strango repression, almost amounting to spiritual suffocation. You might bo walking tnroagh a vast terra cotta model. Tho wcathorboanl township assumes a brick-like heaviness and hue, tho trees might be fathfonod out of red clay, and tho darkening sky is steeped In a sombre glow as unlike tho sunset colours of any other laud —excepting, perhaps, portions of tho African boon — as the hcrbago of tho back-blocks Is nnllko tbo meadow swards of England. Tho WArm tonoS of the landscapo harmonised with Winters' mind. Ho gazed at it for soma tlmo with his bands still In his pockets ; then, folding his arms, ho laid tbom on tho window lodge, and, putting his head and shoulders as far oat as bo could, began to tarn over in his brain, his red-hot brain, as with the prongs of a pitchfork, tho phantom that broiled and fizzled within. At first It was quite in vain that ha chased tho whir- log thoughts. They dodged him like a crows of imps. Ho rnado a lunge at one only to hook another, and when dragging tho intruder off tho entire army of flonds would round npon him in a solid phalanx. Ho might re treat and leave them. Ho bad not sought tho battle. Tber had assailed him nnawAres. But that woojd bo cowardly, and besides to little purpose, because thoy would bo sure to follow him. No, he most faco those phantoms manfolly. verie. At that moment tho sight of food would have turned him nick. IIu took an old slouched hat from the bottom of his travelling trunk, a thick walking stick from otia corner of tho room, his plpo from a stand In another, and when the rest of the guests hnii gathered round tho table, sneaked down stair and out into the dAtkncst. Oil lamps twinkled in thu qalct streets ; a few horses, tcthorcd by their reins to posts outside the grog shnotfej, nciehed and pawed the ground inquillcntly ; there wcro very few people about, and the mooo had not yet risen. This was, perhaps, fortunate, for a Lank manager rushing out of the township after ilurk,with hit hat nulled over his face, nnd an uneasy roll in his walk, to say nothing of tho hurried u lances he east from aide to side, woold liavo luukcd at least suspicious. Following tho renin street to the end of the township ho turned abruptly round by tho fcncoof a ImtclicrV paddock, and darted swiftly Into thc.bush in nn opposite direction to tho river, for its gurgling orator aggravated him and he wanted to gut away front it. Thu bush wus silent enough. An occasional lizard started from tho grass, and hero ami there the footfall of sheep npon tho dead leaves and rotten twigs varied the monotony of bis uwaqaick steps, but that has nil. The trees in the district wcro taller and of more sub stantial growth than we sec In mo6t part of the country, for tho scenery along thu river bhiik9 alternates between low, flat stretches, covered with not Idng but herbage, and forests of conslilerabiu magnitude, whero venerable gums, festooned with length of pink mistle toe at times, suggest tho grey pillars of an ancient cathedral decorated for somo great fcstivnl. It must have been at least an hour since ho passed thu last houso on the outskirts of tho township and ho was still walking hard. He bod slnco said Uiuc ho knows of nothiug that would havo stopped him but sheer fatigue, or tho billuboag, too wide nnd deep to cross oxcapt by a risky nlungc, which at length stretched out before nira. The moon hod risen, nnd as he came up unexpectingly to the water's edge, It poured a broad shaft of light down through n rift in tho foliage upon the cold, still surfaco. He was certainly brought to a standstill now. There was a fallen tree beside him. He hnlf-Ieanod, half-sat npon 'its enormous trunk, and. mopping tno perspiration off bis forehead, began to ro-adjust tho wayward thoughts which tho oxortion of the long walk hod Whatcoiihl the strange old doctor havo meant? Why had tlio fates decreed that he should meet, In tho black-blocks of Aus tralia, a mau who appeared to know more of his family history than ho knew himself. What a fool ho had been to bring the musty old country ncwapapor homo with him. The < very misohiof was in tho affair from begin ning to ond. ' How dared the old ruffian say what ho did ; and why didn't ho shoot him on the spot for Ills insolence? That was ouo way ,q! looking at tho matter. For the moment he fcit almost inolined to pass It off with a little cheap heroism, and after a good supper uod a good night's rest to offer tho altornativo of an ampto Apology or a horse whip to the offendor. Sir Wilfred Wlatera was a momory and nothing mora as far as he was concerned. Ho bod lelt homo mys teriously' when Edward was a child— had been somehow asiooiatod with drawn blinds and crape hat-bands a few years afterwards —and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fact at any time, had he been, a toplo of conver sation between mother and ion. The ser vants had spoken of him seldom and , than always dlsrepcetfully. Nobody had thought it worth whilo to implant a siugio saatimeut of tenderness for the old man in tbo heart of the child. There' was ovIdently'a sorow loose somewhere. Probably the doctor was right. He had beou a bad man likely enough, and it was just as well that ho bad not boon taught to worship tho image which was at longtn to bo bo ruthlessly hurled Into the mud.' This was all true; but the train of thought which brought the racoliootlons was but a momentary recoil of tho spring that had for the last three hours been press ing the life outof his very soul. The horrors of tho situation soon burst with fresh force upon him. At all hazards he would botiovo iutho pcrfoefesaititliness of that lovely woman. ( iter memory, at least, was a tender ooo. It was his gospel— tho corner-Htouo of his belief in goodness anywhere. No; though an angol from heaven were to whisper, a sus picion of her purity, his faith would remain unslmkuii. Iiis mother was abovu tho sub- , picioii oven of nrchaugols. Then how dare hia father disown hire ; bow darp ho chargo his wifo before a stranger. The thing was preposterous. Why, tbu man must bo mad I Thu word hud scarcely escaped his lips, for Edward wns muttering aloud, theo the blood coursed with reuewod force through bis veins. . Mad I Of courso he was mad. Hadn't tho doctor .said ho? Fur the moment ho could ecarculy remembur whether ho had or not, for ho had listened with indifference to the old man's conversation until his family name hod boeu so unfortunately drugged into it Bo- sides, ouo horrible suspioion had blotted out over/ other consideration, and it was only with n mental uffjrt that ho at length re membered what tho facts leading up to the climax of thu story actually wore. Now ho recollected them all. Thu doctor had said dfstlnctly'tliAt bis fathor was mad. Why . had ho uot thought of it before ? Why had tho folks at homo conspired to keep htm in . ignoranco wlion tho sweetest memory of bis life might at any foment bate been wrecked for tho neat of ilmplo fact like that. Ho know thflt his father had died away from borne, and that for several years before his name hod not boeu so much as mentionod there. As for himself— ho was so young whan last he saw him that it wns with the utmost difficulty that ho recalled a vague impression of tho old man's face. Evidently ho had been confined in a lunatic asylum, and at last hod died there. An unhappy ondlng, doubtless, to an eecontric an unlove- ablo lifo I Yes ; Sir Wilfred Winters had died a madman— there could bo no gainsay ing that. Edward felt a sonsation of relief ; almost a thrill of joy. Tbo charges against his mother foil worthless to tho ground. Tbon ho remembered distinctly an inoHont in childhood that had hardly come into his mind since its ocourrencc, but which having been dragged from the depths with the levla- than's hook, now rushed into his recollection and confirmed the conclusion that bis father must really havo been insane. Ho was out walking with his mother rino afternoon, and after wandering a long dlstauco from homo they had rat down to rut on a green em bankment ovcrhuog with hawtborne. A carriage and pair of hones turned sharply into the lane. Apparently it was going to pass them. His mother watched it with tho utmost interest, not to say anxiety. As the vehlclo approached, nho grasped the hand of her child aud drew him closer to her. When It came within a hundred yards sho seized him bodily, burying his head in her shawl and rocking him nervously to and fro. Ho heard tho wheel go by, tbrouph tho folds of the garment ho sniffed the dust, and from the carriage itself he heard tho nolso of coarse voices flnng discordantly upon the air, and his mother's namo "Emily Winters" re peated time after time and accompanied by Jeers ond boisterous laughter. When thu noise' died away, and ha was liberated from bis imprisonment, be had looked Into his mothers face. It was stained with tears, and wrinkles had spread themselves like an ugly cobweb on her usually placid brow. Until now the incident bad remained a mys tery. But it was a mystery no longer. The carriage was tbo vehicle in which the patients from a neighbouring asylum were taken out for "airings," and his father must have Leon one of tho hideous picnic party on that particular afternoon. Iu itself not by any means a pleasant recollection, but by com parison Almost cheering. Edward heftved another sigh of relief and sprang to bis feet with the intention of walk- ing back as fast as his legs would carry hha. Indeed, ho had already moved a few paces off, when struck by sorao new phato of the question ha staggered back to his fallen tree, and held a pale and puzzled faca up to tho moonlight. His ouo anxiety had been to juAiify his mother. He hod felt that at ntl hazards he must rca«on out bis belief iu thu purity of that fair spirit. And he had done o, but at what an awful racriiicet If Bir Wilfred Whiter was a madman and bo was in reality Sir Wilfred Winter's son, then he, Edward Wiutcrs, was, perhaps, mad too, or at tbc very least an incipient lunatic. Tho reflection w»s horrifying. Ha looked for a rotation lulu thu reccic of tho foreit, fur help iulo the faces of the sheep. But one was dark, liko his own fate, involved iu mys tery, aud the other blank— blank oa despair ; aad he cast hi eyes hopelessly upon the ground. " Every uuii hoi ids hours of dark and bitter trial. Edward, your time has come," a vofco hissed In hi# car. "Adroit one treacherous thought, cutrcat it hospitably, banquet it npon your mother's memory, aud all shall be well. Cast that thought hcucc, keep her cutroued in your bcart and sho will live, but you will die— dlo la a madhouse I Tho choice la your own. Are you prepared I" " I am, even for so great a sacrifice, " ho said, slowly and with terrible emphasis. His lips wcro ashy pate, bis lege trembled beneath him. big drops of cold' sweat stood on his forehead, llo knelt bcsldo the fallen tree, and thought an earnest prayer. Tbsn with an .expression of tearful resignation, like a ruau who in the cause of love and duty had parted with something dear, ho roso nnd staggered homewards. It wns late when Edward awoke next morn ing, llo was a sound slceaper at any time, and tho cares of tho previous day, involving no more trausUoryjjunoyancc, hut a sue- . cession of grave ain7ms nnd a culminating Idea of portended death, bnd- tortured his nerves to the point of excessive weariness, . aud when far into the night ho returned to his hotel, he foil almost fainting into bed. v Wliatover tuay be the caso with old people, who are gcuernlly satisfied with less sleep, a young man has only to take a weight of trouble into hismind and to roll it round and roand in tbo same orbit for a given namlwr of hours and ho will soon grow tired aud fall fast asleep from sheer fatigue. But tho first , gleam of sunshine will bring the heartaches Edward was conscious of the semi-pbysical pain ho had experienced on tbo previous day oven before ho was sufficiently awako to re flect upon the circumstances that had given rise. to it. Another moment and the arrows of memory, poisoned at his heart's blood, were quivering in bis mind ogain. Poor fellow I Tbo night's rest lmd only refreshed him with a keener perception of tho reality of tho dangers around aim. Ho might re view the evidence more calmly now ; ho might renow his determination In spite of avory consequence to bellovo in tho spotless holiness of that mother who had so long since gono to her eternal rest ; but do what he would ho could see no way out of tho Anal conclusion to which a judioial scrutiny of the . facts inevitably pointed. One thing was certain. Ho must' deal plainly with the doctor. Tho old man would probably be sober then, and, perhaps wise enough to seo the dllcrama io which ho had placed him. Not that'hc thought for a moment his infor mant could clear the horizon by added light. That was ovidently out of. tho question. The most that could possibly come of an inter view would bo a mntual explanation, an. . amplo apology, aud a few bottles of physic— ficrneps gratuitous advice as. long as ho was . n need of it. Edward bad quite mndo.up ' his mind that poisoned blood was flowing through Iiis veins, and though at tbnt moment, with tbo sunshine streaming in through tho. window, and -tbo fresh morning breeze fan ning bis bnlf-paked limbs, to say nothing of the restorative effects of a good night's sleep, he felt as sano as ever ho had done in his lifo, titill he had no doubt whatever that soonor or later vicious' symptoms of some kind would begin to manifest themselves, and that ultl- \- mntcly ho would follow Sir Wilfred to a mad-houso. A terrible thought to go to cue's bath with I An idcA that did not materially assist In tho buttoning of his collar nor in tho fastening of his necktie. But hu dressed as usual, And walked into the breakfast room with aa little concern as- bo could well dis play. Most of tho boardere had already breakfasted ; a swurmof flics was feeding on what sugar remained in a crnclked nnd dirty basin ; a tail greyhound was mouth a bono ' on tbc floor, and p pair of smallor dogs were distributing all over tho room the fatty por tion of a half-eaten mutton chop. A solitary stranger was in the apartment, and ho was ogling a'couplo of girls who had just ridden up to a store on tho opposite side of the road. Edward rang tho bell. " Is Dr. Martin op yot I" he asked. 41 Ho loft by this morning's coach, Mr. Winter's," tho waitress replied. ' "When does hu return! Sometime to day!" . ' " I think not, for ho settled his account, and said he could't lull whoa ho should be likely to want his room again." "Called away on an urgent caso, no doubt," said tho stranger, who had by this tlmo transferred his attention to Winters and tho slovenly girl who servod the purposes of waitrssas and housemaid afc tho Qrupcs, " An ' urgent caso, no donbt," he added, with a . curl of his moustache and a depression of tba lower jaw, Indicative of supreme contempt for somebody. . Yes, sir, very likely," replied tho sloven. " Bab I girl. Why don't you speak the truth. Women are the samo all tno world over. If thoy can servo their purpose with a lie they will. Thoy lovo lying, and you go at it us if you were qualify! ng for society You know vory well tnat Dr. Martin didn't leave because thoy wanted him anywhere else. Ho loft bccaaso be couldu't stand being" awoko In the mlddio of the night by a drunken wretch falling over his boots in the passage, and thon groaning himself to sloop with at little thought lor other people's dreams as ho ovidently had for his own. Thcstranger looked significantly at Winters aad tho girl trudging oat of tho room, the latter returned tbo glance with a frown. " An urgent case, indeed l" the fellow repeated with a sneer. "Look here, Mr. Winters, that sort of thing may go down very well in tbo township, you know, but it won't Answer bare. 1 know who you are, and what's more to tho point, I know who you are not, You arc not the sou of Sir Wilfred Winters, Knight, of Moueaton, in tho County of Hants. It wasn't for nothing that I arrived at the Gropes lato yesterday after noon, and walked on tho verandah just as tho doctor was rehearsing a titbit of family history. To be plain with blm, 1 may say that I didn't hcari. all, but quito enough to satisfy me, aud I think, Mr. Auight, enough also to pleaso your pretty Ethel——" "Ethel Hayburnl Are you her cousin. Poor Ethol I I'm sorry for it." " No doubt. It's a convenient relationship, you know. A fellow's cousin may jilt him for tho son of some gouty old kolght just out from homo ; but she's hit cousin all the same. Tho reserves are called out and tho big guns brought into action, but it don't follow that the cables are always cut. No, Mr. Winters, bolievo mc, communication's going on all the same." " 1 don't knuw what you mean," replied Edward, with an air of Indifference. For the moment I even forget your Christian name." " Richard — Richard Hayburn, born In Sydney, bad tho measles young, brought up to commcrco; pouniicss two ycais ago, a balance at tho tanker's now, and a cousin pining to seo mo as I pass through ou my way to England for an extended tour In- well, shall wc say In tho neighbourhood of Mos&cAlon;," With that linyburu rose, and sticking Ids lliumo in uu waistcoat armnours, oeg.in to pace tho floor iu a lordly fashion, illustrative, no doubt, of the nobility of average mankind nnd the consequent worthlowueu u a Mac- blood ancestry, lie was a contractor hltuself, known nmougst hi own "sat " as the " ptun- gur." Nobody could lie sure whon tbey parted with him ouo day whether tho uuxt they would run up oguiiut him whetting a barrow or riding in a brougham. Winters went ou with hi breakfast. He was really hungry, for be hail nt touched food sineu luach time on Ibe previous day, ami it was now eleven o clock in the morn ing. "Thank you," bo raid at length, as he left tlio table, 44 You've been uncommonly civil for a stranger. I've beard yourcouslu peak of you. she cherishes tender recollec tion of your pleasantries, Mr. Ila/burn. I shall seo bur to-morrow, have you u mesrago 1" " Ye., but you needn't trouble, " I'll deliver it myself, good- bye." Winters left tho room, and walked out of tho house towards tho bank, telling tho land lord, whom ho passed In the street, that ho wo going to Sydney on tho following day, and would bo away probably for the but part of a week. "Yc'II havo one agrayablo thravelUng companion anyhow, Mr. Wintora," replied tho wily Irishman, winking with both eyes, and jerking his thumb in tho dlrsotion of tho diniug-rootn window. If you havo travelled from the 44 far west " since tho railway lino was opened, you may have beon struck with tho Btrauge variety of stylo In carriages with whloh tbo traffio manager endeavours to most tho coavcuienco of all manner of travollcrs ; aad perhaps yoa have thought that there mast bo somo uccun tria resldeuts in thoao parts, considering the peculiar tastes for which ho caters,. Each train looks liko n long list of samples, ond the fairest thing to conclude is that it line been driven ovor tho plains fur three years in 6carch of a buyer, aud none having turned up Is still on tho market, and much tbo worse for wear. Edward Wiutcrs picked tho s dirtiest and meanest carriage of all. Qfs mugalficent acquaintance, he was well aware, would seek one with cushions and a spittoon at all ovcuts; nnd In that way ho might connt on freedom from annoyanco for the first part of the journey at all events. It's a good tlmo for reflection when you are imprisoned within four narrow walls, If tlioy arc'oven tbo walls of a railway carriage and the train is bowling over the plains at the despcrato rate of twelve miles an hour lacnt Edward sat wearily forging fresh finks in tho chain of destiuy that bad so rcccutly begun to cbink at his heols, Outwardly ho maintained an nppcnrauce'of moderate tran quility. In reality ho was on the, brluk of despair. So earnestly iudoed had ho fought the doctor's suspiaieus, so bitterly did hu meau to maintain the conflict, that hot only was a belief in Sir Wilfrid's madaoss ussentlal to the position he had assumod, but ho began to fcot it no less a matter of duty than a mutter of coorsu to admit tho cortainty of a similar doom in his own case. This was the . spirit in which he raked amongst tho omboru, dirty and charred nnd dry as they were, of tho past twenty' years' of bis life,. Would a review of his conduct from child hood supply noevldeuccof mental aborration ? Were there iu bis composition no instances of hereditaty eccentricity ? Tho difficulty was to know exactly wluu was evidenco utul what was merely Irrelevant coincidence. But be was going to be balked by no nlco questions of that sort, There arc times— when u man is very desperate— that bo insists upon discovering thu worst, aud if the 14 worst" is not bad enough, then at the bottom of his heart ho 'feels dissatisfied, Edward Winters was in juat such a humor. With tho ingenuity of a criminal lawyor, ho pressed the case against himself. Ono fact after another, relating' more or lura cloeuly to thu question at Ihsuc, camo' to light ; cir cumstances that had., hitherto appeared aUurd or trivial, clothed themselves in un dreamed. of significance. Ho sifted, and arranged them cautiously, und then with trembling anxiety argued each point in suc cession. After all though, bis Ufo hod not been althgothor wretched, it had been previ ously haunted, und now, as hu puorcd into tbo past, thu ghosts camo out of their caverns and grcetiug him with horriblu jibes led'him back to his father's gravo. Thus tho caso went ogaiust blm ami tho truiu bowled on; Tho gaunt, grey trees' with their naked out stretched anus, and those that woro clothed with Choir shroud of colorless leaves nrarobed past in a ghustly nrocessiou. To avoid his companion of tho uay before, instead of got- tiug out with tho rest of, thu pitssungors for refreshments ho fed nlono in his cage. Uo smoked there too at intervals, and boforo night came, to his surprise, for ho wus a sober man, he discovered that ho hud emptied his whisky flask. . Hour after hour passed away, Tho salt- bush country gavo place to tho forest, tho piaiu began to break up into low hills, tho townships grow mora important, cultivation paddocks surrounded tlio homesteads, aud at length ns tbu outlines began to fade and tho red dust toriro ouco more into thu air, lights appearing in tho scattered shanties and glaring fires outside thu tents, bo dozed off into an uneasy sleep. It was quito dark when ho awoke, with a start, as tho train BhuDted. with a jerk against some cattlo tracks waiting on a siding to bo convoyed vo the metropolis; To his -surprise bo was no longer alone, Daring hit nan a stranger had entered tho comportmaut. lie hod ovidently joined tho train at Uto last stopping place, . ....... ; ; . for he was still arranging his lucgogc, and ' .had not even disturbed tho. packages with wbfoh the opposite scat was strewn. Thoy wcro almost in the dark, for. the. oil lamp which they shared with tliclr next door neighbours wns less effectually distributing light than shade. Edward rose nt onco nnd removed the obstruction to his fellow travel- lor'H comfort. The man thanked him courte ously, aud having ensconced . himself in a corner began to fill a huge pipe, . , "That's very provoking," 1m said, after, searching in every pocket, " I certainly bod n box of matches." Without saying a word, Edward passed half-a-dozen wax vestas between his finger and thumb. Again tlio ntrnngcr thanked him, and' pro ceeded to light his pipe. Tho transient glow irradiated a boarded faco with a pair of < earnest eyes, and Hps so tightly compressed at tho corners that for tho moment it wa3 hard to say whether or not it was a kindly face or merely ono indicative of unusual firm ness and solf-posscsslun. "I hope it's .my only vice," said the stranger, puffing away with thu relish of a man who hml just survived a tobacco famine. "I suppose I could give it up if necessary, but why should I ? Why should any man find a pleasure in whittling down tho littlo comforts of life ? It is said that it's easier to saoriflco one's grog than ono' pipe, and for ray own part I bcliovo it. Indeed, in my caso I some times think that ninoking's hereditary," Hereditary I The transtnsssion of personal characteristics was just then occupying Ed- word's mind to tbo exclusion of nlmost everything else. His lips quivered. Ho looked itcdfastly Into the speaker's face ami enquired with tome anxiety, 44 Havo you studied tho question I" "No, uot tlio qucHtioti of nn hereditary lovu for tobacco. It's a uierc surmise, though there may be something in K. The Irish must surely inherit n liking for potatoes." Tho stranger laughed, nnd struck unothur match to resuscitate hi plpo. Edward smiled faintly, und assuring him self this timo that his companion had a kindly face, replied, 41 You bellove In tho transmission of some peculiarities then— how about itindnci ?" "Undoubtedly i believe in thu hereditary transmliiion «f taadiicbi." The young man winced : bat it was too dark for nnyono but himself to bo aware of tho fact. " Did you over hear of an instonco in which the child of a man suffering from acuta and permanent dcrongemont llvcd and died in bis senses ?" " Cortaiuly I havo," replied the new-comori 44 In my exporlonce lis a clergyman I'vo seen many such coses, although as a matter of fact l'vo gonerally :obsorved a jtomluncy to- , wards mild eccentricity in most of them, and I shouldn't liko to vonch for tho next gener ation. Are you interested In tbo study ?" Edward Winters hod no intention of pre- ; claiming .his fears ;to the world. Ho fait , that ho . was treading on dangerous ground and merely rcpllcd tliat ho had recently mot . with a caso In which a young man .whoso fathor bnd died in a madhouse, soon dis covered hereditary symptoms in himself ; nnd added, " Now, .supposing that young . follow asked you for your daughter's hand, ' would you consent?" "If I was acquainted -with, tho oircum stances I should certainly do my best to, dissundohim from marrying at all. It's n difficult question to answer. It would all depend npoutho symptoms'; and after all it's a matter for the doctors to decide. Is your frioud engaged 7" . Tills 'was" almost too, much, ; Edward bit his lips, aud hesitated. ' "Perhaps I'm trespassing1 upon yonr con- fldonce ," said tbo clorgymnn afc length. 41 It was quito unintentional, I assure you." "Don't apologise, " Edward replied; " Yc's, , 1'ra sorry to say that be la engaged." What do you think of his state of mind!" 41 Well, oddly enough, nobixly doubts it but himself; although to toll. you .the truth , tbo symptoms as ho describes (thcm do look rather bud. Throngbont his life, at intervals, , ha has suffered from acuta morbidity, A change In the weather;- a lack- of -congenial society, a slight disappointment, has always' been sufficient to produce the most lament able depression of spirits. ' Tlict: thdrowcro . tho tears of his childhood, fears of ghosts,' fears of robbers, fears of heaven,, fears of hell, and ono particularly significant dread— a fear of having committed what he cajlpd "tho unpardonable Hlu,n Ho wrote doggtel, too, 'indeed sometimes oven now you mfghti sen his verses in the poet's corner of a country nowspapcr. Not thut-thnt was bnd In itself ; hot in bis father tbo passion for, versifying was nncoatrollnblo. Indeed it was a very pronounced phase of bis dimeutiaj so that, to say tho least; it's-a' most questionable heirloom." The clergyman listened attentively. " Is . ho a religious man, or at least a man inclined to rcBpectnble morality 7" ha a9kcd afc length. Edward shook his head gravoly. " Ah ! that involves atill further groundsfor appre hension," ho answered at length with a sigh, "For a whilo ho was little bettor than a monomaniac, and ho told me himself that in tho end he gavo np his' rolfglon, even gave up attending a placo of worship from a horror of boiug through q lack of mental ballast Impelled to lengths of Irredeemable extravagance in matters of devotion." 44 Your friend's case is a least an Interesting one, and I (oar a sad oae,7 replied fto clergy . man, bestowing what Edward considered an unnecessarily searching gazo upon him. t A third .passenger found his way to thq car and nothing more was said on . the subject, though in tho silcnco of that fair Australian night, as the train was standing with tho signals against It nnd tho stars shining In through the open windows, you might havo heard a low sob In tho corner of the dingy railway carriage, nnd perhaps oven cnRfiht a sentence or two as It escaped thelitis Of . Edward Winters. M0h f Ethol, my Ethel, God bless you darling," ho'marmered, "Little do yon dream of the sorrow this day has in store for yon. But It most be done, I can rave you and I will." " in,. - :->y - Ethel Hnybnrn walked up to tho breakfast tablotbat morning with tho' sweetest smile imaginable. "That's tho sort of dish for which you havo a novcr failing appetite, my dear," said her father as she reached out her delicate - hand for a letter that hnd been thrown upon her plate as a pleasant surprise by ono of her brothers. She had soveral brothers and two small sisters, for tho Hnyburns wcro a large, and in ono sense, a "growing" family. Ethel s mother was an invalid, and the care of tho household had consequently devolved princi pally upon her good management. Sho wns nor father's right hand, nnd soft and gnntlo as was her nature, no partner could havo shared the ret>onsibilitics f bis business with bettor judgment or more marked suc cess. lie did absolutely nothing without her advlco. and whether it related to a hundred feet of city property or to a purchaso of arrowroot, sho gavo it, 44 for what it was worth," she always said, with as much feminino grace as though sho hod been pass ing An opinion upou tho latest stylos In opera cloaks. "Why don't Ethel read that letter, in quired her youngest sister. "Youspokoai if it was something to cat, father, and t always cat loilics as soon as I get them." = "Even with your ham n&ndwiche; at luncheon for instance, my darling, " chimed In her sister, Tho father looked np, and stalling, know- Inglg replied, "Ob, Ethel's a woman you see, and women hare a habit of separatlug the sweeta of life from tho savories. That's why some women tako to tho clointor, and others go into tho churches to pray oa week- days. Tharois somothing too sftcrod about a woman's highest joys to share them with tho. world." "And men, what about their joys 1" asked Ethel. .. "Tho majority of men are incapable ol , joys quito. so cthcrlal," replied her. fathor, buttering a mushroom that no was about to .swallow with a pieco of steak. "Their . pleasures-are for the most part pleasures of '.tho world— of the earth, earthy, my dear." .! "Or liko Cousin Diek a of tho . wood, \- woody," sho suggested naively. Charlia nayburn, oight year old, with bib nnd tuokor on, laughed heartily,' and, by . way of 1 emphasizing the joko, bogantopuft' , .. away at a orust of bread that hohad already. . nibbled in the shape of ono of cousins. Dick a- favoiirito moorchum. " Your cousin will bo m town during the week, probably'tO'day," observed tho father, . when Ethol walked with her arm through ' his , to the garden gato. 4 'Now. Itko a 'dear good girl, do your best to mako somo re-' ; paratiou for tho past. It is a crime to lovo . a woman who iu purer and nobler than ono- self ? You know ho loved you.1' 41 As well as ho could lore anything hut . himself."! 44 And for my part I think it-was thoonly good thing ho over did in Ids lifo." . 44 And you know, fathor. dear, that I , would forgivo him far everything" bat that. - : Happiness would only havo boon possible under ono condition, and that wns whon he hud dragged my lifodown to tho!evolof his - own." "Youmightliavoolovated Dick, my lovo.'-. . v This was too much for anything. Tho idea of olovatlng Dick 1 Fat, lazy, tobacco-aoented Dick. "You aro really tohumano, you old dear,", flaid Ethol, with' a parting idea. "Most -. ' fathers would havo klokod tno follow out of dboro." < < When, tho eorvanto had received their i 1 orders for tlio day, tlio young mistress might ho soon strolling leisurely Into the garden. - . Sho made straight' for' her old friond, . the -' ,.' j Morton Hay fig tree. Itasliada was pleasant . ,"! that morning for the sun was powerful and - tho .Bca hrcuze'was lato In -springing up. Her' grandfather had plautod that treo three-: . . quarters of a century ago. Her fathor whon a boy had ornamented its stem- -with -all i ' manuer of devises— mottoes, hearts, initials' > and so forth,' and her brbthora had added to - tho rcportoiro. It was likewiso historic), of tho oxaot height at certain' ages— but tho ' agcu nhvaya aro forgotten— of threo genera tions of ifayburns. And it seemed to Ivthol . oa though boforo long it might become tho - standard mcaanro of a fourth generation oven. Sho drow the lottcr from her pooket, ' nnd having thrown tho' cnvolopo on>.fcho ground composed herself to, tho .task of reading it. Ttioywcro always momenta of in- i tenso pleasure— tboso momenta spent over. - Edward's lottors. By postponing tho perusal < of tbom until she had loit uro to drink Ja ttia . sweets of each line, she somehow addsd >< more tl|au bspk; Intqpst to their vslat, . ' 1 .' , . . l'v "Bbo.wzd half MwleUsr 'thNugliihcn paused tooount ttis days to'ciirlitaiM, whcn'hs lud promised' -j to tain town again." Tearing .them open attho ond wnsliko drvy- , Ing tho cork of agod.Wiac ahe'/anpibd. The. ' . epistle boforo,her wo# tho best she had over 1 had— each succcssivo ono wa, always the 1 . beat, but how unsatisfactory after all, how. far short of tho jovs of actual conversation. . Sho read half the letter through, then paused j . to count tho days to ohristmas, when no lmd promised to lie : In town again. At lost It was finished," and read again, and sho was Still Bitting with it boforo her when tho gato loading from a aldo lane 'opened and sho hoard a low and faltering footstep on tho . gravel walk/ It was not a familiar step. . bho never remembered hoariug It before. And to enter by the sido gate too, .the gate that only hi had boon In the habit of using . in the day tinto. It approached to a junction, that of two paths and thcro. for a moment >auscd. She listened.,' It moved on, but nstund of taking the road to tho house door, ft followed the puth behind tho shruhbory. Her heart beat quick. There was something '.strange, almost suspicious in that . stop. Whose. could it bo. Sho listened, again. It died away. . It mttnt havo passed on to the newly planted fiowcr beds. Bho will go straight to the gardener, As sho rises) a hand falls gontly on her . shoulder and a voice — a strangely altered , voleo gasps out ."My Ethel I" Anothor mbmontand slio.was qulvoriog like a bird iu Edward's arms. Hois ghastly palo, . nnd ' tears are standing in his largo brown eyes/ Bho is tho first (o epeak coherently. "Ypu. 1 areMll dear,. That placo is killing you." / " It's not the place my darling. It's the thought of you that makes mo pale." She only shook her head and gazed more wonderingly than cvor Into his face. " Oh Ethel!" at length be burst out' I am not tho man I thought I wo. I've no right to marry you, and I won't." " Why Edward, what rid you mean /" she Bald with a start. " It would only pain you to know my love. Belter forget all about me." ''But I insist upon knowing," sho con tended. 'You can't alter it. dear. It is a matter " of family history. It has to do with my parentage." . . wy But yoa arc English. You were tho first of yourfnmily to come out to Bydaoy. Whr Hlumjii you lw ashamed of your parcnt- ago?- . " It's nob- that, Ethel — it's something in- ' finitely worse. I would rath'er drag my own .- life out iu iron chains than bind you to my 1 altered fortunes. with the cord of'a poisoned love." i < .fids was more than rdie could .staud. Shu : put her hands up .to licr-faco and vvopt bit- tcrly— tlic first thne she had ever cried in Ills presence without rocking herself in ' his arms. Edward sat beside her motion less. . .-Another gnto opened— tho front gate this -time— and it was a flat nod heavy foot that trod tho gravel beneath It. Tho color came to Edward's face, and Ethel, leaving her scat,' walked behind the shrubs whore the shade was dense. Nor did sho appear again until < Cousin Dick's portly form had twice trn- versed tho lawn.'aml after subjecting itself ' < to serious - contortions in I ho . presence of i . Edward; hod disappeared for the rest of the day. \- . i The lover, for they wore lovers still, re paired to tho housu. Hitter tears woro shed. . in a half-liarkencd room. Kisses were wrung ; from a pale and sllont form strotohod help- ' <!84)y upon the couoh. Thon -the grcat-.hall door oponud slowly, and Edward reeled to the gardengAte. Jll. ITIIIIUUU puvpiu UWJ UUgUU IU Vi the strange ways of the now, bank mauager, The clergy. lind deemed it. their duty to inter view him.;. Borne -of tho storekeepers' had . been considering the propriety of removing their accounts. . Even the police bad been warned to keep an eye upon him. . Edward -is stiil.going mad.. Others might tell you . that he la more knavo than fool, bat ho knows better- ' Changes In the weather affect him ' mora than ovor. Ondulldaya ho only, speaks. ." ' iumon9syllablc9, and when, riot nctlvoly on- irngcd will; customers, sits inpplug boforo Ids ' desk. Ho walks by himself, and thon only . occasionally complains of nervous twltohinas in his inus'olcY Certain localities ho. oxclJtlos _ altogether from hut rambles.'. Open strotchoi of country and particular.ospeotsof the town ship itncil '"jaw onrhis nerves," ho tolls you. Ho hai difficulty too. In .ppncoritratiugMils thoughts upon thp figiiros before him. All signs qf tha. approaching ends. Hohadcoa-. : sod-uvcu to Wok agahtBt tho pricks now. . "It's onlyn question of tlmo," ho said to himself ouo umisually cloudy day as 'lie sat . : alono in hu bedroom alter leaving the bank. "Another year or two arid I supposo /'shall bo hot only borosigncd to iny fate— T'vebeon that all along— but perfectly contented with Ifc." A knook came to tho door. He took no notleo of It. T hero it was' again, and this time tho hanhlo was violently shakon. Still lie sat, silently stroking tho lialr down over ' lib forohcad. Thou tho door was gently opened-- and nn unoxpeotod visitor sidled . -with dllfienlty iuto tho narrow apurfcment. "Excuse inn. Mr. Winters,' said the Intruder ; "but I'vo got some nowa' that may bo intorostlag,-. Edward looked up. Oaco again fa his life ho was surprised. I,atoly ho had boon tutouUUed at nothing— barely interested, In fact, in anything, , "Dr, Martini" ho now eiciaimcd, and took the old man by both hands with a kind of savage glee. Yes, It/was -Dr. Martin. Tho man, who had mixed tho potion and then' disappeared mysteriously seemed to have como back again just in timc to glvo his victim a decent burial. ' ' '' , " I feared as much," ho said anxiously, as \- ho gazed into tho palo wan face. " That was I) bad night s work, but I didn't tbiqk yoa d . . takeiwhat I said seriously. So (few people ! outside the: profoMloh lover .gavpT hereditary ' disease a single thought, I-Icft' Warrona in ' a hurry lest you should ask moro questions, for I'd .had a Ifttlo whisky, and didn't know- how much I'd told yoa. And if it -hadn't been for attending a young lady who is away from homo for cnango of air, having been ' nearly killed by tho hcartlessncss of her lover, I should never havo given you tho credit for thinking of anything but my .unfortunate allusion to Lady Winters, which, X beg to say, .is ontircly without foundation. This same young' lady aroused my suspicions, and hero I am to doctor you now. Everything's . como right at last. . Both secrets aro solved. Forgive mo and I'll cure you in nforlnlght." "No thanks, no medicine doctor,". said tho fiatlent with a walvo of Ids hand. "Its too ato for that now." "This one doso And no more, I promlso you no moro," persisted the old man. And ro saying ho took a modioiuo ease from his hnga breast-pocket, and read out tho following \- rather queer prescription, whioh ho said hau been placed hi his hands by tho young lady's fathors— "Mosseaton, May 10th, 1B82. "To Thomas Hayburo, Esq. "Dear Undo,— Von told me to write what farttctilnrs of young Winter's family history was ablo to discover daring my tour In ; England. / I think at last wo have bowled . him out. How dare ho pass himself ofT in .Australia as the son of titled parents. I shoiild'he obliged If yoa will inform my cousin Ethel of the true foots of the case. They are briefly these. His father, a drun ken blacksmith, died when ho woo a few mouths old. Ills mother, unable to maintain a family, sought help from the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken In hand by Lady Winters, who, much to tho aunoyance of her husbaud, determined to adopt him as -her own son. Both Sir Wilfrid and Lady Winters havo been dead for somo years now, rintl their estates being encumbered with dohU, nothing remains for tho Australian adventurer.' "Your nephew, "Richard Hayburn." "What an ass a fellow is to label himself .a madman, Ethel," said Edward Winters to lias bride ono fine spring morning, as they \- leaned over tho sido of tho Flora on thou way to Tasmania. " You'll never, do it again, dear, .will- you?" sho sutd looking up Into IiIb fauo. . "No. in future I am going to wait until other people t«U me I'm mad my, darling," '. 4f And you'll bollovo it .then !" ' I don't promise." ; ' "Why?" ; Bocauso that old ' buohulor with tho 'possum rug ovor lilu knees says wo look llko \ a pair of lunatics— that all young couples do." " 