PRETTY ANNIE. Thifi l>efeUiii llie old flays, and, ai my friend Private Mulvauey -was specially careful to makeclear,the Unregeuerate. _ , There bad' been a royal dog fight in the nullah at the back of lhe nffle panes oetweeii Learoyd'a JoCk and Ortheris's Blue Rot — both : mongrel Thtmpiir hounds,'' chiefly ribs : and teeth: It lasted lor twenty happy, .howling minutes, and. then Bine Hot oouapEed >and \ Ortheris paid Learoyd three rnapeesy- and we were aUjvery :thixsty.; A dog fight is a most hearing .entertainment, qsiteL spsri ircm the shouting, because Rampurs fight over a couple of athofgroundyALater, when- the jsohnd of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died: away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all 'kinds. Humans resemble red deer in some respects. Any talk «rf fighting seems to wake upa sort of. imp iu B>«ir breasts, and they bell one to the 'other, exactly hke challenging bucks.:. This is notice? able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line: it shows the wfinlng influence of civilisation and the march Teprovoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Leaiojd's eyes began to brighten, and he unburdened himself of a long hietory in which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Pately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. " An' so Ahcoot's yead oppen from t chm hair, an he . was. abed for P matter o' a month," concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvaney .came out of a reverie — he was ly ing do wn-and flonrished his heels in the air-. You're a mau, Learoyd," said he critically, f buf you've only fougnt wid men, an' that s an ivryrd ay expayrience ; but I ve stucLup to a ghost, an that Was not ivry-day expayrience." 44 No," said Ortheris, throwing a cork at Mm. 44 You git up an address the ouse — you an' Tfr eiqayrience. Is it a bigger one nor usual?" -- 'Twas the livin' trut' !" answered Mul- vaney, stretching out- a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. 44 Now, where are ye, me son ? Will ye take the wurrud av the Lorrd out av my mouth another time ?" He shook him to emphasise the question. 44 No, soroethin' else, though,®' said Ortheris, making a dash at Mulvaney's pipe, capturing it and hoWing it at arm's length. 44 I'll chuck it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go 1" " Youmaraudin' hathen ! 'Tis the only cutty I iver loved. Handle her tinder or T 11 chuck you -acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk — Ah ! Give her back to me, sorr?" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, hut I was firm. " Will you tell us about the ghost fight if I do?" I said. 44 Is ut the shtory that's troublin you ? Av eoorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut my own wav, as Popp Doggie said whin they found him thryin' to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. . Orth" ris, fall away !' He released the little Londoner, took his pipe, filledit, and his eyes twinkled. He has the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. 44 Did 1 iver tell yon," he began, 44 that 1 was wanst the devil av a man?" 44 You did," said Learoyd, with a childish gravity that made Ortheris yell with laughter, for Mnlvahey was always impressing upon as his merits in the old days. 44 Did I iver tell you," Mulvaney continued calmly, 44 that I was wanst more av a divil than I am now?" 4 4 Mer-ria J You don't mean it?" said Or theris. "Whin I was Corp'ril I was rejuced after wards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was % devil of a man."" He was silent for nearly a minute. "Eyahl They was great times. I'm ould now ; my hides wore off in patches; ninthry-gq has disconceited me, hud I'm a married man tu. But Fvehad my day, Fve had my day, and nothm'can take away the taste av that ! Ob, my time past whin I put me fut through ivery iivin' wan.-a v theTin Commandments between Revilly and Lights Out, blew: the froth off a pewter. wipe'd me mustache wid the back 'av me hand an' slept ofijit all as quiet as. a little child ! But ut's all -over, ut's over, an 'twill nivei come back to me ; not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the ould rig'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Mul vaney r I .niver met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afi her in those days, an' ivery man was my dearest frind or— I had stripped to him an' we knew who was the betther man av the tu. " Whin I was Corp'ril I wud not ha' changed wid the Colonel— no, nor yet the Commandher- in-Chief. I wud be a sargint. There was nothiu' I wud not be! Mother av Hivin, look at me ! Fwhat am I now ? But no matther 1 I must get to the other ghosts — not the wans in my mild head. . . - 44 We was quartered in a big cantonmint— 'tis no manner av use namin' names, for ut might give the baincks disrepitation — an' I was the Imperor av:the earth to my own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the tame, small blame to thim. Afther we had lain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sa rgint av E Comp'ny, wint au' tuk a wife that was a lady's maid to some big lady in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Bra- gin —died at Barpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah — seven — nine years gone, , an' Bragin he married agin; But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmint society. She had eyes like the brown av a buttherfly's wing whin the sun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker than my arm, an a little sof button av a mouth I would ha gone through all Asia htistlin' widbay'nits to get a. kiss a v. An her Itair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger— forgive me mentionin that blunderin- baste in the' same mouthfol with Annie Bragin— But 'twas all shpun gold, an' time waswhin a lock av nt was more than di'monds to me. There was niyer a pretty woman yetn'.I've had thruck wid a few, cud open the ddpr -to -Annie Bragin. 44 'Twasin the chapl I saw her first,, me oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. - 4 You're too good for Bragin,. my love,' thintrx J hr> myself,:4 but that's a mistake I can put straight or my name is not Terence Mul- : "Nqir,take my wurrd f or nt, yon Ortheris there an' Lparoyd, an' kape out av Married Quarters— as i did not. No good iver comes of ut,an\there?s always the chance av your bein' found Wid your face in the dirt, a long picket ln :the .ha ay your head, an' your hands pl&yin;' the fifes on the tread ay another man's aodrstep. 'Twas so we f ound O'Hara, he that Rafferty killed six years gone, whin he wint to : Bis death wid his hair oiled whistlin 4 Larry 0hke! Befnnehis teeth. Kape out av the MarriedfQuarters, I say, as I did not. 'lis on- wfloleaimj-'tis dangerous an' 'tis iverythin tbhtffi bad, but— oh , me s >wl, 'tis swate while \--Vl'jWBfi always Bangui' about there whin I yeas bff duty andBragin wasn't, but niver a fitfeetword beyon' ordinar' did I get from AMieBraguh ; 'Tis the pevarsity av the sect, on my head an straightened my back— an', wint off as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Qarters laughin'. I was pershuaded — most boys are, I'm thintin' — that no wompn bcpn av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger: I Bad reason for thinkin' that way — till. I met Annie Bragin. 44 Time and agin whin I was bSahdandheriu' , in' the dusk. 'a man would go past me as quiet as a cat. ' That's quare,' thinks I.' 4 for I am, or .ud bethepnly loan in these parts. Now Whit' devilment can Annie he up to Thin I called myself-a blayguard" for thinkin such things j but I thought tbim all the same. An that, mark you, is the way av a man. "Waa evepitf I id : 'Mrs -Braid, manin no d istespectfo yb(i,vwhb isr that corp-ril man' — I had-ssen the sferip? thpugh l cud niver get sight s v his face — 4 who is that, corp'ril man that comes in always whin -I'm goin away? . > - 44 Mother ay God!' sez she, turnin as white as my belt ;4 Save you seen him, too ?' 44 ' Seen Mm 1' sez I ; 4 Av course I have. Did ye Want fee not to see him for ' — we were standin tal kin in the dhark, outside the verandah of Bragin's quarters — 4 you'd better tell me to shut me eyes. OnleBS I'm mistaken, he's come now.' 44 An sure enough, the corp'ril man was walkin' to ns hangin'-his head down as though he was ashamed av himself. 44 4 Good night, -Mis. - Bragin, sez I, very cool. '.'Tis not for me to interfere widyour amoors — hut yon might manage these things wid more daceucy; I'm off to canteen,' I sez.' " 44 1 turued on my heel an' wint away, stearin' I wud give that man a dhressin' that wud sthop him messin' about the Married Quarters for a. month an' & week I had tuk ten paces .before Annie Bragin was haugin on-to my ann, and I cud fern that she. was shakin'. all oyer. 44 4 Don't ye go, Mister Mulvaney! sez she. 4 You're flesh and blood at the least— are ye not?' 44 I'm all that, sez I, an' my anger wint away in a flash. 4 Will I want to be asked twice, Annie V 44 Wid that I slipped my arm around her waist, for, bedad. I faucied she had sur- rindered at discretion, an' the honours av war were mine. 44 'What nons'nse is this?' sez she, dhrawiu hersilf up on the tips av her dear little toes. Wid the mother's milk notdhry on your im- pident month ! Let go !' she sez. 44 4 Did ye not say just now that I was flesh and blond ?' sez 1 : 4 1 have not changed since.' I sez, an I kep' my arm where nt was. 444 Your anus to yoursilf !' sez she. an' her eyes sparkled. ' ' Sure 'tis only human nature,' sez j ; an' I kep' my arm where ut was. 44 'Nature or no nature,' 6ez she, 'you take your arm away or I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter the nature of your head. F what d' you take me for ?' she sez. - 44 4 A woman, sez I, 'the prettiest in bar- ricks. 4 4 A wife,' sez she, 'the straighest iu can- tonmints.' 44 Wid that I dropped my arm, fell hack tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mint fwhat she said." 44 Then yon know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell ?" I demanded in the interests of science. Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf avyou sthay. But av the hand lieB open on the lap, or av you see her thryin toshut.ut.au she can't, go ou! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I was sayin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin away. 44 4 Sthay wid me, sez she. 4 Look ! He's comin' again.' 44 She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av hnpert'nince, the corp'ril man was comin out av Bragin's quarters. ' . 44 "He's done that these five evening past, sez Annie Bragin." 4 O fwhat shall I do ! 44 4 He'll notdo ut again,' sez I, for I was fightin' mad. 4 Kape a way from a man thatjias , h«en a thrifle cassd in loye tilt the fever's. died.down. \ He rages.l4ke a brute beast. , . " ' 4 I wint upto'.the man in Jhe verafidah,- manin', ds sure as I sit, to-knock the life -out av him. He slipi ed'intb the open. 4 Fwhat are you doin philanderih? about here, ye scam av the gutter?' sez I, polite, to give him his warnin', fori wanted him ready. 44 He niver lifted his head, but sez all mourn ful and melancolius, as if he thought I wud be soory for him : 4 1 can't find her, sez be. 44 4 My. troth,' sez I, 4 you've lived too long — yon an' your seekin' an findin's in a Jacent married woman's quarters! Hould up your head, ye frozen thiet av Genesis, sez I, 4 an j ou'Ll find all you want an' more ! . But he niver hild up4 and I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eye brows. . "'That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit notlnn' at all an' nearly put my shoulter out. The corp'ril man was not there, an Annie Bragin, who had been watcMn'from the verandah, throwsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a' woman like Annie Bragin, is more than a p'rade groun' full av ghosts. F d never seen a woman faint before, an' I stud like a stuck calf, askin her whether she was dead, an prayin'lier, for the love av me, an' the love av her husband, au' the love av the "Virgin, to opin her blessed eyes again, an' callin' mesilf names undher the canopy av Hivin for_plaguin' her wid my miserable amoors whin I ought to ha stnd betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av hismess. 44 1 misremember fwhat nonsihse I said, hut I was .not so far. gone that I cad not hear a £ut on the" dirt, outride.. . .'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by the same token Annie was comin', too. Ijnmpedto, the far end av the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me month. But Mr&-Quinn",.'e Qurirteriuaster's wife that was,' .had.' totdd " Bragin about my haugin' 'round Annie. " . . 'h 44 4 That's bad hearin',' I sez, an I knew that the pickets weredhiven in. 'What for, Sar gint?' sez I. / . , \- 44 4 Come outside,»iBez he, 4 an' I'll show you why. ' 44 4 I'm \rillin',' sez I, 4 but my stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me,-now, who do I go out wid? sezl. " He was a quick'man an' a just, an saw fwhat I wud be afther. 4 Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband ,' sez he. 7 He might ha' known by me askin' that favour "that I had done Mm no wrong. 44 4 1 wint to the back av .the .arsenal an? stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him kiUCn' himself against my fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog—juBt froth ing wid rage; bathe had no chanst wid me in reach .or leaxnin' or anytiiing else. 44 4 Will ye he-ir reason?', sez. I whin his firat wind was runnin' out. " ' ' 44 4 Not whoile I cau see," sez he. Wid that I gave Mm both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taueht whin he was a Boy, an the eyebrow shut down oh the cheek-bone like the wing ay a sick cro; 44 4 Will ye hear reason now, ye brave man? " 4 Not whoile Lean speak,' sezhe, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an' swuiig into the jaw side, on an' shifted ut a lialf pace to the lef'. " 4 Willie hear reason now ?' sez I ; l ' keep my timperm'uch longrir, an tis like 1 will hurt you.' = : V : . 44 'Not whoile T can stand,' he mumhlw out av one corner av-Ms mouth. So-. I closed an threw him— blind, dumb an' sick ; an' jammed the jaw st&iglif.v; ; A . , _ 44 4 You'ra an ould fool. Mister Bragim eez I- \- 44 ' Youfre a youug thief,' sez he, 4 an youve bruk my heart, you an' Aunie betune you. "Thin hebegan cryiu' like a child us he lay. I Was sorry jas I had never been before. Tis ah awful thing to see a strong man cry.- " ' I'll ewear on the cross T.' Bez I. 44 4 1 care for hone av your oaths,' sez he. 44 4 Come back to your quarters,' sez 1, 4 au® if you don't believe the livin' you shall- listen to : the dead, '.see -L =- . 1 44 1 hoisted him an' tuk him hack to his quarters. 4 Mrs Bragin,' sez I, 4 here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.® 444 You've shamed me before my wife,' he whimpers. 44 4 Have I so T sez I. 4 By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhregsm' down worse than I gave you.' 44 An'- 1 was! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-roojn bekase I wint into the corner shop nnetrapped lewii&tic;, but atl fhat l iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gMgerpop to fwhaYAfinie touTd me. An that, mark you, is the way av a woman. 44 Whin ut was done for want av breath, an' Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sez : 4 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?' 44 As I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came up to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. 44 4 1 can't find her,' Eez the corp'ril mari, an' wint out like the puff av a candle. " 4 Saints stand betune ub an' evul !' sez Bra gin crossin' himself; 4 That's" Flahy av the Tyrone Rigmrat.' 44 4 Who was he,' sez 1, 4 for he has 'given me dale av fightin' this day.' "Bragin tould us that. Flahy was' a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters . three years gone, an wint mad, and walked afther they buried him, hunrin' for her. 44 Well,' sez I to Bragin, 4 he's been" hookiu' out av Purgatory to kape company' wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin for she last fortnight. Y ou may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's been talkin' to you, an' you've been listenin', that she ought to ondcrstand the differ 'twist a man an' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, 4 an' you've got a wife too good for you. Instid av which you lave her to be boddered by ghosts an' — an' all manner av evilspiruts. I'll niver go talkin' in the way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good night to yon both,' sez I. An' wid that I wint away, havin' fought wid woman, man an' divil in the heart av an hour. An that's fourteen years gone I Eyah ! Cork's own city an the blue sky above ut— an' the times that was — the times that was !" Rtjbyabd Kipling. 