'VOICE OF THE PATRIARCHS.' j One of the strangest books that has appeared in this year of grace is that by Luther R. Marsh, in which he assumes to give ' conversations with the chief characters of the Bible, through the medial power of Clarisa J. Huyler, taken down as spoken by Emma E. Law.' It is intimated that this is one of a series of ' glimpses in the upper spheres.' The author affirms ' with the solemnity of an oath' the truth of the statements made and the manner in which the messages were received. There are communications from Adam, Eve, Cain, Abel, Methuselah, Noah, Abraham, Sarah, Hagar, Lot, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Pharaoh, Moses, Solomon, David, in short, all the patriarchs and prophets of the Old Tes ament and all the important characters of the New Testament from Zacharias to Paul. Of the author of this book the public has already heard. He had been a lawyer of good standing. A shrewd business man, successful in his pro fession, public spirited — in short, a man of the world who, one would sup pose would be among the last to be duped, or to become the victim of any imposture. Yet this man became a victim of the frauds of the woman Dis-Debar, turning over much of his property to her, and for a long time placing implicit confidence in her revelations. Alter sue was convicted and sent to the penitentiary, the author never quite lost faith in the power of the woman to communicate with the unseen world. But a new medium was chosen for communication with these scriptural characters. One thing is certain. The author is in dead earnest. He is devout and apparently believes in every statement here set forth as he does in his own existence. But sincerity, earnestness and unfaltering belief are mental con ditions common to a large proportion of those having unsound minds. That this man lacks mental sanity and is the victim of delusion, is apparent on every page of this book. Yet the lack of moral and mental sanity is perhaps not greater than that of many thou sands who will read every statement he has made and believe every word of it. Here is a devout and reverent believer in the Scriptures, holding them in all their literalness of state ment, who, through an intermediary agency, talks with prophets and patriarchs. There is very little light thrown on Biblical interpretation. But the troublesome question as to who Melchizedek was is hero settled. He was without father and mother, without descent, having neither be ginning nor end of days. He comes at the call of the medium to explain his mysterious character. Answer— Through permisaion of God, the Father, I come to you this day, that you may know what God Himself hath never explained. One of his own angels, he placed me in Salem, giving me power to receive and counsel his peo ple. Through His wisdom did I remain many years ; sent by Him to perform & mission of His : and then was I recalled, to dwell again with the angela and God the Father. Question— St. Paul must have been inspired of the Lord to have known what no one else knew or hath known till now t A. — St. Paul was inspired of the Lord. And the Lord in His wisdom is preparing others to receive the same inspiration that was given him. Aaron affirms the literalness of the Red Sea Passage. Q.— You saw the Red Sea piled up on either side, waters upon waters, and while the law ol gravitation was suspended and the multitudes of Israel passed through, and then reunite over the chariots and horsemen of Egypt ? A. — I not only saw that, but beheld the angel Gabriel as he preceded, beckoning us tt follow. U. — And you afterward heard the voice ol God on Sinai, and saw His glory there T A.— Yes, I heard the voice, and knew that God wat there. Would that I might describe to you the feeling that I experienced at that time, standing in his presence, with a longing desire to pour out my heart in praise and thanks giving ; yet realizing how feeble would be my efforts ; therefore, I bowed, knowing that God read my thoughts. I come back now into the same atmosphere and conditions as at thai tune, and experience the same sense of majesty, of fear and of awe ; insomuch that I can now hardly describe the scene, any more than 1 could then have done it. Pharaoh's daughter describes how she found Moses. Pharaoh himself it called up and describes Moses end Aaron and the Red Sea incident, when he dashed in madly after the Hebrews and was drowned. But Pharaoh it made to say that he was cast upon the bank dead, his body was embalmed and entombed, and that accounts foi the mummy case said to have been dis covered containing the remains oi Pharaoh. He ought to know by thic time whether he -was made into s mummy or not. But many of these Egyptians had no great regard for the truth. It was generally supposed tha- Josephus was a little off in stating thai the Royal palace of Nebuchednetzai was completed in fifteen days. But here comes that tough old ruler tc affirm the truth : Q. — Did you construct the great wall around Babylon? A.— I built the wall that «ur rounded the city. Q. — Can you give us an idea of its extent and height ? A. — I think, at the time it mi built, it was the greatest wall ever constructed. Its entire length was forty-seven miles, itf height 1S5 feet before the ground had bees thrown up against it, and in many places it was, I think, nearly fifty feet in thickness. There was a driveway on the top, and chariot* and four could turn round upon it Q.— How many laborers were engaged upon it ? A.— About 100,000 were employed all the time. Q.— Was there also an inner wait of almost ?quid sice ? A.— There was, but not so thick. Q,— The site of your new palace, so-called, hu been identified. It has been supposed ttu.t Josephus could not but be mistaken when he wrote that this palace was built in fifteen days. Will you epeak of this and describe the palace 1 A. — It was all completed in fifteen days. I will say that anch an amount of labor hat never, before or since, been done in that period of time. It was not only strongly ana sub stantially built, but it was highly adorned. It was large in dimensions. Ita interior adorn ments were all that artists and sculptors could devise. The authors of the Gospel narratives are called, each in his turn, to testify as to tbe literal correctness of their version. No fault is found with certain well-known spurious verses that have crept in, from which it is inferred that at least the medium was not a good Biblical critic. Job did pot come at the call ; evidently he had trouble enough while in the flesh, without being again bothered with impertinent questions. As he would not come. Job is treated as an imagi nary character. Simon Peter of the New Testament is called as a' witness. y.— You were present on the day of Pente cost * A. — Yes, that scene is still vivid in my mind. It appeared as if through a vapory, smoky cloud, lightning flashed, or tongues of tire descended upon our heads, filling us with [rawer which we knew to be the Holy Ghost. Q. — It was at your words that Ananias and his wife lost their lives! A.— I rebuked Ananias and Sapphira, asking them why they tried to deceive God, pretending they were giving o( the full of the Bum they held when they were tendering ouly a part. Yes, whilst attempting to offer an answer in palliation, the spirit departed from them. Q. — Were you acquainted with John Bap tist ! A. — I knew of his great renown through out the country where he had been preaching and baptizing. I also had heard and seen him at different times as he was prosecuting his great work. Q. — Also with Stephen, the martyr? A. — I lad heard Stephen speak a few times only. His speech, for power, at the time of his death, surpassed that ol any other follower of the Lord. Q. — You and Paul must have preached in company ! A. — Paul and I frequently met, otten journeyed for days together, as we were both doing the work our Master had bidden us. Paul's labors were labors of love, and unceas ingly did he preach, giving the grand inspira I.1UU9 HD IW.CIIWJ I1UJU UUU. iAO WUU1BU Wllill out ceasing. Q.— Were you the author of the two epistles in the Bible ascribed to you ? A. — I wrote the two epistles you refer to declaring the divinity of Jesus Christ. While there is nothing in this book which if true, would add anything of value to a critical knowledge of the Scriptures, the book is a literary curiousity. The author believes that he has had a revelation — that he has actually talked with patriarchs and prophets. If the authenticity of the sacred writings depended on no better evidence than is here adduced there would be few in the world to regard them as of divine authority. 