Y A .C B .T IN G . DB&W; KNT s a i l i n g c l u b . Saturday afternoon witnessed the first club races of tbe season, both events passing off with considerable eclat, and in the preseuce of sbout 1500 spectators, who, judging by the casual remarks made by tnsnyf were well satisfied with the bill of fare provided by tbe energetic committee of the Derwent Sailing Club The day was all that s landsman’ would wish for, but from a yachtsman’s point of view the weather was not all that could be desired, the shifty westerly winds not affording a tru e test of a boat’s capa bilities. The first prize for the second d a is vachte, £10 10s, was presented by M r U . Anderson, of the Criterion Hotel, one of the eoib’s many staunch sup porters Six yachts entered for this event—Edith. Valeria, M ate], Sunbeam, Clyde, and Volant • all looking perfect pictures of nratnrss. Iu the tbird-daBs yachts fire trim little catters were .to be seen - hovering eboat the starting place, eagerly awaiting the sigoal to commence active'operations. The entries in this class w e re -S y lp h ,Gleam,Vixen, Hebe, and Olga. As usual the s.s. Huon, chartered by the blub, followed both • events having about 250 excursionists on board, who one and all thoroughly enjoyed the outing. A departure was made by the club this yenr in starting the smaller class yachts'first, thereby enabling both races "to ,‘fioish close together, a-change which was much Appreciated. . ‘‘■'THE^HIEbdl.AfS TACHT6. A t about 2.3U p.m. the offidrrs in charge for the day, Mesbrs Vice-Ccmmodore K night, Blore, and O'Connor, gave tbe signal “ prepare lo s ta 't/’ and a t the expiration of tbe regulation time fie-, spatched the quartette to an excellent1 start, <-lga and Hebe gettiogaway as one bost, Gleam, Vixen, anti Sylph m plcse attendance. On the had to the buoy off Smelting Works Pomt spinnaker* were s?t on the Olga and Vixen, butwerepoon taken iu, tbe p re i of tan n in g ’canvas simply burying them.' Ju st before reaching tho buoy Olga forged ‘ahead, tbe order of round in g Veing Glpw'Sy 1 ph, Hebe, Vixen. G leam .1Cheats’ were close hauled directly tbis mark was Negotiated for the long stretch to ^he buoy off Long Point, Sylph asserting her weatbqrlj qualities by travelling o ut to windward in fine style. O lga falling away to leeward in an uneocountable manner. Hebe and Vixen alsofqiled 4<> baiiR to Windward, snd * made a short hokrd teiraraa the western Shore when abreast of Kangaroo Pojat. fl * Long P<qot bpoy was soon reached,theordfrofroTmdingbeingSylph, Gleam—who had given her other sisters the “ go bye ” in (he fresh breeze—Olga, Hebe, Vixen. Leading np again the wind was very changeable, all the yaobts gettingcloie toone anotherbefore crossing the harbor. By taking fu ll advantage of every little breath o f : wiod O lga managed, to nee a ' nautical expreasion, to fairly “ ghost” away, and aiclcing up** vein of wind -cleverly roaoaed the uppet buoy first. It now looked as if it would be a runaway contest, .but th e uncertainty of racing w as again illustrated,' tiie Olga Tunning into to alm , Hebe and ixen, who had steered a different ourse, coming u p hand over fist, and etting well to windward of theerstw bile eader before th e breeze reached her. leam's crew now smartly changed jibead topsaH^or a *' square header,” but or som e^eaid n or another to n d isarded th e la rg e ja il for the smaller one. <n A splendid race Mow ensued between ti-c Hebe and O lg a/tL e former, well to windard, fravellingfaet ifrrough the water losing, if anything, on tbe Olga. Olga, however, managed to keep ahead roundng tbo Long P o in t ^buoy fo r th e . first time at 4hrs 28mins, a few seconds only in advance of the H elie; Sylph, Gleum, ud Vixen, fo llornngin the order named.. An exciting ru n home took place between Olga, Hebe, and bylph, each yacht’s crew during tb eir level best. At times the Hebe would almost run up level th fc '0 U a ;|m t by handling th e ^ I g a ‘managed to "keep tbe lesd, and crossed the line a t 4hr8 60mins Srecs; Hebe. 4brs Slm ins 28seos; bylph, 4hrs 62mms T^ecs; Gleam, 4hrs SSmin® Ssec« ; Vixen. 4hrs 61mins 43secs. The Olga, Weipf.fire, apptoprietei the firat prize f £10, the jo in tltift of an ardent supporteV ;-&c; ^lut^A nd the d u b Itself, H ebe taking s-cond price oF £2, Sylph third. The O lg a was, on this occasion, sailed by M r Hedberg, Mr A. J . Harley steering the H ebe, 'Mr lyillisniB doing like duty for tb e Sylph, and it is Leedless to say that these three gentlemen did full justice to tb eir respective charges. The Gleam', although tinBucceisful as a prizetaker, went w ell, and but for bard luck would fiave begn well up at-the finish. £ / f « r SECOND CLASS SyACHTS.' Directiy th e ^ third lYlass yachts had been started, th e second class were eig nailed to stand by for a Btart; the Volant in difficulties, owing to her bobstay carrying awayt ;|«ul,;wnicb, although tem ­ porarily repaired, this had an effect Upon Ahe^set of h ej tops&il; acd q ib fo r the rest or the afternoonr-'Owing to igabifitj to get a c re w ,Id ith ' was unfortunately pw venteij fro m , atartipg. < As the flag -was propped as a signal to .atait, the btyde, piloted b y the veteran W illiams, was the first to getaway, followed by tbe V aleria/S unbeam . Mabel, and Volant. T he .Sm elting Works* Bay buoy was quiokly 'reached, tbe liming b e ic g - Olyde.fihrs 2mins 20secs ; Valetta, 3hra Smihs;. Sunbeam , Sbrs 9mins lOsecs; Mabel, .flora Alains Osecs; Volant, Start; 4(Dins 60secs Favored with a fine breeze the little fleet travelled gaily to the lower buoy, Sunbeua ooming in for one tar two knockdowns soon after rounding. T h e weight of wind and emooth'water appeared to suit V olant to a nicety, and before reaching the Long Point buoy ®he succeeded in passing one competitor « fte r the other, rounding tbe buoy at flhrs fifimins AOsees; Clyde, 3hrs fifimins fi4«ec8; Valeria, 3hra 26mins 22secs; M abel, 3brs 28secs 64secs; fcunbeam. S hit 29min® 2®ecs Clyde maoaged to slip by ib e V olant soon after rounding, bnl on setting a jib-topsail failed to cet fnH hrr away, the sail not doing any good, in fact retaiding her progress. Valetta, going remarkably well now came with Brush end got level with the leaders before passing Kangaroo Point. The « tod now dropped almost to a calm, what Jittle there * u coming from all direction® a t time*. Sunbeam, well-handled, now looked dangerous as she crept out to windwnrd of the whole fleet, passing one after the other until it seemed as it she would round * he Smelting W trk s Bay baby first. T he wind, howerer, just reached th e Clyde and Volant in time, the order c f rounding being-Clyde, 3hri 69mins Osecs; Volant, 3hT8 69mins SOfefcoi; t-unbeum, 4hrs Omins Gseca; Valetta. 4bra Omins 31secs ; Mabel, 4hrs Omins 65sec«. As the huoy wa® shot sheeto nerefistteoed in, Voiantgotogout well to windward aod gaining on the Clyde L ig h t aod btflling winds were again mer w ith before opening o ut for 8andy Bay when the wind came steadier. As tbo Clyde and Vul&nt; nesrtd the Long Point buoy it was seen tb at it would be a close thiog a s to which rounded fir«t, the titnins being Clyde, 4hr* 23min® 66*eos; V olunt. 4hri 24mins ; Sunbeam, 4-hrs 26min« 23evcs; Mabel, 4hrs 27mins 40secs; V aletta, 4hrs 2flmi&® lOsec. Clyde and V olant started a^lpffing match as soon as round, each trying her best to euchre the other, but the Volant being the more Weatherly boat a t last compelled tb e Clyde to pars astern. The breeze now freshing up brought all the yacht? along a t a high rate of speed, the two Irators racing almost level until tho Volant's jib topsail curelsslv lowered got into the w ater and t eve Clyde an opportunity to g e t away. Bonle<m when nearing P e rry 's Point came 10 grief, the press of sail being too much for tb e topmast, which carried away just above the cap The wreokagd was speedily cleared away and the tiunbeatn managed to hold her position as third boat The timing as the line was crossed was as under: - Clyde, 4brs 42mtns63ieos ; Volant, 4hrs 4’dmins 28<ecs; Sunbeam, 4hrs 45mins 3 »fecft; M abel, 4hrs 46mins I4secs; Valetta, 4hrs 46mini €5sres. To the Clyde falls tb e han’some pr zs prcsentej by M r Anderson- She was sailed by Mr A rthur W illiam s with his proverbial skill, and maintains her reputation ained la st yeir of being a "flyer,” S[r H arry Denne's stately Volant was greatly adm ired. At ail times she looked a picture, and would have given a much better account of herself had her gear stood. M any flatteriog opinions were expressed during the afternoon at Mr Penne’e pIneky spirit in undertaking a joam ey of 22 miles for the sake of taking p art in the DeVwcnt Sailing Club weekly events. Volant takes the seejnd prize, and gave ample evidence th a t she is a ooming .yacht M r Fred Tarcer sailed his little yacbt Sunbeam in his well-known style# but it was not the w eather to suit this little clipper. Mabel was well handled by M r Fred Latham, as was als* Valetta by Mr Bowtell, who makes his first appearance in club races. Valetta went remarkably well, but- was unfortunate iu getting becalmed more than a fair number of times, Wfifc Saturday two more events will be sailed, when it ib expected that the num ber of entries will be largely increased. Another feature of the Club's arrangements is a notice on board on the s i Huon, affording all information as to names of competitors, handicaps, etc., e tc , a boon which is greatly appreciated by the public ______ , A 'G e jm a u farmer presented to the reigning prinae of his ooQntiy-* turoipof enormous size, grown by himself, with which hi® highness was so much pleased th at be recompensed the giver with a handsome sum of money. Another farmer, hoping for a aimilai' reward, offered a fine borse to th e prioce, who, to his no small dismay, requited this present b j giviog him the b ig turnip. On one occasion, an old lady was pouring into Chgrlea Lamb's ear a tirade, more rem arkable for length th an substance, when, qbserr Pff that the essayist was fast lapsing into a state of oblivion, she am used him by remarking, in a-Joud voice, * 'i ’m afraid, M r Lamb, you are deriving n o . benefit from my observations 1" ' “ IWelL, madam," ne replied, recollecting himself,” “ I cannot say that I am 1 b u t perhaps the lady on the other aide be m e is,fo r they go to at one ear anfiout^of th e ether.” • Certainly the best medicine known a San dkr and Sons’ Eucalttti Extract. Teet Its eminently powerful effeots in oonghs, odd*, ■nflpwiay ttrapdtafisinstantaneoaa. Inaction* 6u m , and aooidants of all kinds, be they woanda, barns, edaldiags, bruise*, sprain*, it the safest remedy-—no swelling—no inflammation. lake avpti*iiiff effect* produced in oroup, diphtheria, bromudti*, inflammation to the longs,-swelling*, etc.;. diarrheas, dyaentn, dlaeaeee of the kidney* and urinary organ*. In dam. T rust in M s ,appfov^ trttole, and r q M a ll.$ » « , .. 