CHAPTER XXL HEAVY WEAXHEB. Abtbh. this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy hap pened. It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alarm or divert during tliia extraordinary voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that liis -nerves had been pro j strated by the punishment, he ordered I Finn to let him remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ven triloquism ; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvexed by muffled im precations. The sailors, when Muffin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he replied by say ing be would see them in a nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him I gathered from sullen Crimp's sour version of the incident thatMnffin shrieked at the men, shook his fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, bo unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the scream ing creature, believing him to be raving mad. However, he behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. .Life grew so tedious that I should have been glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east trades blew a fresh breeze and bowled us handsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer 'when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the sinking of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphire of the ocean boundary, steadily circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of " Sail ho!" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a veiy different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and his one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melan choly that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of ex pectation, was proving too much for her. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Shark at sea, or, at the: very worst, to arrive at the Cape before J her, and there lay in wait. She was find- | ing out now that the ocean was the pro- : digious plain I had represented it for a pursuit of this kind, and that the journey had already grown infinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of miles distant yet. Still she stuck to her guns manfully. Her heart would show in her eyes when she thought her self unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had made up her mind, that she Vmrl cast in her lot with Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst he continued to pursue his wife, no matter to what part of the world he might direct Finn to steer die vessel, she would remain at his side. " Should I ever forgive myself, do you think, Sir. Monson," she would argue, " if after I had left lxiin Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she refused to return with him for lack, perhaps, of the in fluence I should be able to exert)" " Ay. but do not you suppose too much ?" I would answer. " Perhaps Wil frid might fall in with his wife ; perhaps she might decline to have anything to do with him ; perhaps if you were present she might yield to your entreaties. As my sympathies are not so deeply concerned as your.3, I am able possibly to take more practical views. The one staggering con sideration with me is this: we arrive at Table Bay and find the Shark has sailed and there is nobody to tell us where she lias gone. Figure our outlook then ! " ■ *415ut you arc supposing too. The Shark may arrive whilst we arc lying in Table Bay. Wliat then, Mr. Monson ? " It was idle talk, though to her '' what then?" I might have replied by another question: "If Lady Mouson, at Table Bay, should decline to allow her husband to carry her home in his yacht, what then f " -= It must Lave fared liard witli me, I fhinVj but for this girl; for had I had during this journey no other companion fha.n Wilfrid, likely as not it would have ended in my carrying "a bee in my bon net " for the rest of my days. Between us wa,inanaged to kill many tedious "hours ■with "cards, chess, chats, reading aloud -whilst Wilfnd lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an iron sneer on his lip and on his brow die scowl of a dark mood out of which you might have looked to see him burst into some wild, unreasoning piece of behaviour, some swearing fit, or insane soliloquy—one knew not what; only that the air of Mm held you restless with ex pectation of trouble in that way. " The night-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the ' tropic Heights, with failing breezes, hot j and moist, softly-running surges languidly gushing into a sheet-lightning of phos phoric frotli, a full moon that at her meridian came near to the brilliance of sunrise, the planets large, trembling and of heavenly beauty, a streak of Aim fire in the dark water over the counter denot- j ing the subtle, sneaking pursuit of some huge fish ; and reflections of white stars like dim water-lilies riding the polished ■ ebony heave when it ran foamless. Even- | ing after evening on such nights as these would Miss Laura and I placidly step the deck together or sit watching the exquisite effects of moonlight on sail and cordage ;'j ortherisingof the luminary above the black rim of ocean, with the tremble of the water in its light as though the deep thrilled to the first kiss of the moonbeams ; gliding from one romantic fancy to another as tenderly as our keel floated over the long, drawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would come sometimes to my thinking that if the Bride were my yacht and Laura and 1 alone in her—with a crew to navigate tie craft, to be sore—I should be very well satisfied to go on sailing about in this fashion in these latitudes, under those glorious- stars and upon these-warm and gentle seas, until she tired. In its serene moonlit moods the ocean possesses an incomparable and ama7in jt magic of spiritualising. The veriest common-place glows into poetic beauty under the mys terious, vitalising, enriching influence. I have seen a girl whom no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comely by daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed and radiant night "when the air has been brimming to the stars with the soft haze of moonlight, and when the .sea has resembled a carpet of black silk softly waving. The moon is a -witch, and her pencils of light are charged with magic qualities. In the soft golden effulgence my companion's face would sometimes grow phantasmal, a dream of girlish loveliness, the radiance of her liair andskin blending with the richillusivelight till I would sometimes think if I should glance away from her and then look again, I should find her fairy countenance melted ■—a romantic confession that tells the story of my heart! Yes, I was far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to a degree that no companion ship ashore' could approach. Wilfrid left us alone together for hour after hour, and there was -nobody to intrude upon us. Finn clearly understood what was happen ing, and sour old Crimp was" always careful to leave us one side of the deck to our selves. But there was now to happen a violent change—a transformation of peaceful, amorous conditions of the right kind to affright romance and to drive the spirit of poetay cowering out of sight. We were in latitude about eight degrees north; the longitude I do not remember. The night had been very quiet but thick; hero and there a star that was a mere lustreless blur in the void, and the water black and sluggish as liquid pitch without ■ a gleam in it. The atmosphere had been so sultry that I could get no rest. The yacht dipped drearily from side to side, slinking thunder out of her canvas and sending a sound, like a low sobbing wail, off her sides into the midnight gloom. This prevented me from opening the scuttle; and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a barometer in the cabin just under the clock in the skylight; every time I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and every time I looked I observed that the mercury had settled somewhat, a very gradual" but a very steady fall. That foul weather -was at hand I could not doubt, but it was hard to imagine the character it would take down amongst these equatorial parallels, where one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the rush ing tempest zed with lightning of high latitudes; though every man who has crossed the Line will know that the ocean is as full of the unexpected thereabouts as in all other parts of tire globe. 1 somehow have a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that fol lowed, or, indeed, of any other passage of hours during this queer sea ramble I am writing about. It was first the intolerable heat, then the unpndurably monotonous lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompaniment of the yearning wash of recoiling waters, the ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a muffled echo as of constant sullen explo sions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and above and below, a hot smell of paint and varnish and upholstery mingled with some sost of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep i^hen stormy weather is at hand. I believe I drank not less than one dozen bottles of seltzer water in the small hours, I was half dead of thirst, and routed out the steward and obliged him to supply me with a plentiful stock of this refreshment. But the more I drank the hotter I got, and no shipwrecked eye ever more grate fully saluted tho grey of dawn than did mine when, wakening from a half-hour of feverish sleep, I beheld the light of morn xng lymg weak and lead-coloured on the glass of the porthole. An uglier jumble of sky I never beheld "when I sent my first look up at it from the companion hatch. It was as though ; some hundreds and thousands of factory chimneys had been vomiting up their black fumes throughout the night, the bodies .of vapour coming together over our mastheads andcompaeting there lumpishly amid the stagnant air with the livid thickenings ^'"»ming into dusky browns ; • and here and there a sallow lump of gloom of the kind ofryellowish tinge to make one think of fire and thunder. The confines of tins ghastly storm-laden pall drooped to the sea within three miles of the yacht so that the horizon seamed within cannon shot—a merging apd minglingof stationary shadows whose stirlessness w$s rendered the more portentous by the sulky pease soup coloured welter of the ocean washing into the shrouded distance and vanishing there. All hands were on the alert. What was to come, Finn told me, he could not tell, but he was ready for it. His maintoprnast was struck, that is, sent down on deck; he had also sent down the topgallantyard. Every stitch of canvas was furled, saving the close reefed gaff foresail and the reefed stay foresail. Extra lashings secured everything that was movable. Much to my satisfaction, I observed that he had struck the long gun forward down below. There was not a, breath of wind as yet, and the yacht looked most forlorn and naked, as though, Indeed, she were fresh from a furious tussle as she rolled, burying her sides upon the southerly swell that was growing heavier and heavier hour by hour. Wo were at breakfast when tho first of the wind took ug. It came along moan ing fiwti with tt email dying away, and then a longer wail as it poured hot as the breath of a furnace blast between our masts. This was followed by some Jive minutes of breathless calm, during which ^h® yacht fell off into the trough again; then, having my eye upon a cabin window, I bawled out, "There it comes! " seeing the flying white line of it like a cloud of desert sand sweeping through the evening dusk, and before the words were well out of my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every blessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with the figures of the two stewards reel rng to leeward, myself gripping the table, \\\ilmd_ depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, i and trembled upon the car for all the I "world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boil ing and hissing of the seas made one tl-nnlr of a sky full of water falling into the ocean. The yacht at the first going off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing over the rail; and the liorror of that pos ture of^eemingly drowning prostration, together with the fears J.t put "into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over her in vast bodies of snow. But she was a noble sea boat, and was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempestuous music on high rang out more fiercely yet, until it became absolutely impossible to use one's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hull down the liquid heights, which came roaring at her from a veiy smother of scud and vapour and Hying spray, gave her such a heel that every recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some time the stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discern one another's faces. Off the cabin deek rose a miserable jangling and clatter of broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to let go; for there were moments when the decks sloped like the steep roof of a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a sort to break his neck or beat his brains out. At regular intervals the cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green sea, and those were moments, 1! vow, to drive a man on to his knees with j full conviction that he would be giving up the ghost in a very little while; for to these darkening, glimmering, green delugings the cabin interior turned a dead black as though it were midnight 5 down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water ; a shock as of the discharge of heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to the blows of the tons upon tons of water which burst over the rail to the height of the cross trees, falling upon the resounding deck from that elevation with a crash that made one think of the fabric having struck, followed on by a distracting sound of seething as the deluge, flung from side to side, boiled between the bulwarks. We had met with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest, but nothing to season us for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble on all-fours up the cabin ladder and te put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first pro trusion of my nose I felt as if my face had been cutoff as by a knife and swept overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire; the clouds of foam blown off the sea, and whirling hoarily under the black vapour low down above our mastheads looked like steam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in blkck oilskins crouching aft under the lee of the bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round his waist; but all forwards was haze, storms of foam, a glimpse of the yaoht's bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to the smiting of the structure in marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterspout, but with heads which instantly vanished in a smoke of crystals before the shriek and thunder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, with a furious sahval draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve me! Never could I have imagined such a sight as that sea presented. It might well have scared the heart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the height and arching of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of boiling summits; the dusk of the atmosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of flie storm out of the maddened waters; the ghastiiness of the dissolving moun tains of whiteness glaring out into the wet' and leaden shadow; the leaping of the near horizon against the thick gloom looked to whirl like a teetotum, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phantasmal shapes, a mad, chaotic blending of vanishing and reappearing forms tuned by the yell and hum of the gale sounding high above the crash of the breaking surge and the shattering of wave by wave as though in very truth it fetched an echo of its own deafening roaring out of the dark sky rushing low over this tremendous scene of commotion. Whatever it might be that blew, whether a straight-lined hurricane or some wing of rotating storm, it lasted for three days; not, indeed, continuing the terrible severity with which it had sot in, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of tempest that had first sprung upon us must have beaten the yacht down to her grave by mere blows of green seas, let alone the addition of the incalculable pressure of the wind. The stay-foresail in one blast that caught the yacht when topping a sea was blown into rags, and whirled up into the dusk-like smoke. A fragment of headsail was iranted, but whilst some men were claw ing forwards to effect what was necessary the vessel shipped a sea that earned three of them overboard like chips of wood, leaving the fourth stranded in the scuppers as far aft as the gangway with his neck and both legs broken! We were but a small ship, and luxurious fittings counted for nothing in such a hellish tumblefi cation as that. Wilfrid kept his berth nearly the whole time, having slightly sprained his ankle, which topped by the motion, prohibited hini from extending Tiig y mucl1 a*3 a single stride. On the other hand Miss Laura would not leave tlie cabin, 1 endeavoured to persuade her to take some rest in her bunk, but to no purpose. I did what I could to make her comfortable, crawled like a rat to her •ii l7,lere 1 found her 1Uaid Iialf dea l with fright and nausea, procured a pillow l ugs and so forth, got her over to the lee side, where there was not much risk of her rolhng off the sofa, and snugged her to the best of my ability I sat with her con stantly, said what 1 could to keep her spirits up, procured food for her fell asleep at her side holding her hand, saw to Jier maid, and m a word acted the part of a devoted lover. But h^ven bless us, wliat a tune it was! I would sometimes vronder whether if the Shark met with this gale, she Jiad seaworthiness enough to out- ' live it. Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the corapletest figure imaginable of a tempest-beaten man and report of matters above ; but I remember wishing him at the devil when he told us of the loss of the four men* for a more depressing piece of news could not have reached us at such a time, and Miss Laura's spirits seemed to utterly break down under it. It was impossible to light tlie galley fire, and we had to subsist upon the re mains of past cookery and on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of tlie gale -the cook had fallen and broken two fingers of his right hand: so that could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on tlie night of the third day tlie gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jennings in the cabin, with a plate of biscuit and ham on my knee, off which she and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little picces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some difficulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddenly, I wit nessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the porthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to the plate that fell in a crash upon tlie deck, and crying out, " Thank God, here's fine weather coming at last!" I made a spring to the com panionsteps, andhauled myself up through the hatch. It was a sight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a clear space of indigo-black heaven; her light flashed fair upon the vast desolation of swollen waters; every foaming head of sea glanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon which it broke showed with something of the glory of crystalline snow beheld in sunlight; the clouds had broken and were sailing across the sky in dense dark masses ; it still blew violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that tlie strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing - slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock that morning it was no more than a mode rate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them making sail on deck; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk earnestly thanking God that the weather had mended, I went on deck to take a last look round before turning in, I found tlie wind shifted to west-north-west and the Bride swarming and plunging over the strong southerly swell under a whole main sail, gafl' foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the waist, and Finn making a sailor's supper off a ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt junk in the other by the light of the moon, (To be continued.) 