PUN AND FANCY. AH , iNTHtiiiioisirr . tfOimiAN, — 'tlavo: you road anything about this onoointhopnpors?' nskeil ft lawjor of a juror in an oxoitlng ort 'niirinl'oa'so.1 '' No, sir, not a word,' 'Not a word, anil tho papora havo boon full ot it I' 'No Bir, I don't read pnporB, nor any thing else, for I onn't road at all,' Tho juror waa sworn. ' First Doctor : ' You havo boon Bprondfng tho report that I havo poisoned sovoral pcoplo in this town. I want you to apologiso.' Second Doctor i ' Cortalnly. I don't hosi tate to Bay that thoro nro Bovoral poopla in tliis town whom you havo not yot poiBonod. Ilono you aro satisllcd now.' Affablo Olerk : ' Can I bo mistakon 1 Isn't tliiB tho Mrs. Crozior whom I mot so S'oasantly nt Fifo Island this summer?' in Customor : ' Why, yes, I nm MrH. Croziar, and I ramomhor your face, but I thought you told mo you woro engaged in roligious pursuits?' AlTablo olork: 'Tina is tho nun's veiling dcpaitmont, madam.' ?young Lndy (cntoring book storo) : ' I want ft now novel — ono of tho latest out — but I havo forgotten its title.' ' Hero's a ' Mid night Mnrrlago' — just published, and it is liavlnn a largo snlo.' ' Was it writton by a woman?' ' Yos'in.' 'Havo tho nows papers denounced it ns not (It for a young lady to road ?' 'Ycs'm.' ' Then It is just tho ono I want.'- ElnBtoln (to his partner) : ' Isaacs, you vas oud late lasd nlghd, I zoo. ' Dot muBt stop, Isaacs ; no moro drinkin' dig mont'. You hoar ino, Isaacs ?'? Isaacs :i '.I don'd drink in pecsiness hours.' Einstoin: ', Dot niako no differ. You drink ad nighd, and clldry morning your hands trcmblo so you gan't show a customer any of doso shoap pants mitoud shakiu' do buttons off.' A pianist rceontly spent tho ovoning at the house of a lady, Tho company, was agree ablo', and ho stayed somowhat late As he ioso to take his dopnrturb, tho lady said, ' Pray, don't go yot, Mr. Jonos, I want you to play sonio tb ing for me.' ' Oh, you must oxouso mo to-night, it is very late, and I should disturb tho neighbors.' ' Novel mind tho neighbors,' answorcd tho young lady quickly, '.thoy poisonodour dog yostor dayl' | „ Miss Arabella Lioyicr: 'I do not mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend, I could bo Jinppy jn your' wealth of affection, and soi'no vino-clad cot ? '. Mr. Wnrdoff : ' Pardon mo, dear, you know I nm only a poor clerk, and cottages aro out of the question. Could you bo 'happy in a third \- lloor back furnished room, with a ' sowing machine, buzzing overhead, and .some: fiend below cooking cabbage?!) Miss Arabella : ' Waybo, Qcorgc, dear, wo'd better wait after ell.' Wifo (11.B0 p.m.) : ' What's that hbr'rlblo odour?- Smells llko alcohol.' .Husband: ' Yos, my dear, wo uso alcohol at tho lodge for initiations. Take sonic alcohol, light it, put some salt in Ihc'lhi'iio, nnd it gives a ghastly jellow light — mnko folks look liko ghosts, yon .know.' 'Wifo: '.But that odour comca from your breath.' Husband : '?Yps, my dear— in tho thirty-sovonth dogrcp I personate tho chief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I tako a mouthful of alcohol and a- swallow of snH,.and .than sotfiro to it.' . But, m'doar, youiinistn'l toll theso things. Secret s'cioty. Scorcls very sacred, you know.' 