AX 1XIU AX GHOST STOllY. Sahob Ben Dliobey pvovevl courage and m:i was brought from .Te*s the place of he ’as si prison official of ;niUceut physique, who ■re to AUporo to take .. _...\ It was his duty to isit the patrols between the surrounding walls every night between the hours of twelve and two. Oil ono occasion, after ho had boots only a few days in the gaol, ho set out on his rounds as nsual. butsome time after two in the morn ing it was found that he had not returned. and at hist meru pla vhy and ...arch party was organised. They torches, and at last came upon the it fof Sahob Den Dliobey. He w _ •mind eloso to the hospital prostrate upon the ground eloso to the hospital ,r„tof which is situated about 130 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to the officiate’ quarters, and there, after a time, bv the application of water and other restoratives, ho was brought around, lho following was the tale he told : He had been going las rounds and had stooped down to adjust ono of his shoes, when he felt someone spring upon him from behind and com- j lncucc belabouring him between the shoulders. The concussion forced him on to his hands mid I knees, ami he iirst thought that it was a prisoner trying to escape. Xot alarmed, for he had confidence in his groat physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by" putting one arm behind his back, but he could fed nothing, yet the blows continued to rain down upon him, and ho felt himself pressed down to the earth by a groat weight. At last :i voice addressed him, * You dare come boro, do you, to dotiloby your presence tho territories of Cioviml Brahmin V And with that tho man iolt himself lifted bodily up, and then dashed face forward on to the ground. Ho remembered no more till lie awoke to consciousness in tho guard When he had finished this strange story, the aged head warder, who was about to retire, came up and put tho question : ‘ What is it that is being said about Crovind Brahmin ’r This led to explanations, and tho old wardon told how a noted lmdmasli of that name, who had committed scvoral cold-blooded murders, bad been hanged in tho Allpore gaol six-and-twenty years before. * But,’ pointed out ono of tho auditors, * Silmb Den Dliobey was attacked a good distnneo from tho gallows. Wo found him close to the hospital gates.’ 1 Ah,’ replied tho old man impressively, ‘ the scaffold in thoso days stood ou tho very spot where yon found the prostrate body of sahob Don Dliobey.’ Tho latter listened with blanched iaco; then he throw himself back on tho couch on which lie lay, 4 My hour has come,’ ho said. ‘ It must havo been tho spirit of Govmd Brahmin that attacked and boat mo^ My heart is broken. It is certain I must die. _ Amt ho died in two days’ time.—Times of India. 