THE NEW RIME OF THE ANCIENT MARINER ; Or, the En<I »f the "Premier Permanent" Prom cations. An AN,-tout for whom yc printer's ,lcvii tauwletliinvaiB. reinnrinrrlntli h,s will nml is s fi'r Ins ryouili h'ty i»e •r. mii-iliinll i v ni'.otli.ve w of j-e it i tli up \ o yrea IT is an ancient mariner, And he W h hold of mo. Jly thy long grey beard and glittering eye," quoth ji tilQU ,)ast D T_ l J r.\eji Olliee doors are opened wide, And I'm behind my time, With open maws Conipositawe, Await my prose a.ud rhyme." ]fc grabs me with his bkinuy slaw— ni,r„„ „.„„ „ rjfil'' " mm, There was a CASE," quoth he, " Against the paid officials (Jf the bust-up Premier P." He holds me with bis glittering eye, Although I fain would Ecoot : I listen mild As a three years' child— The mariner's on the Hute. Jlie poet tits on an orderly bin— Kseape there seenieth none— And thus iu a crack d aud shaky voice, Holds forth that ancient one : — " I once was gay as a summer day, My life knew no alloy. For I earn'd my pay hi an easy way As a lh raid message boy. Kacli day the 1', 1'. case was oa 1 went to the. City Court To carry down to my editor Instalments of report. Whilst waiting i used sit in court Hearing each charge and plea, Till Purves glum Aud Caunsoa rum Quite fascinated me. J loved to gaze at O'Loghlen s head, 011 Neighbour's jetty locks, I liked their plan of posing a man When they got him in the box. I loved to gaze on Nimino and Dow, On Tcmpletou's martial style, Ou Miranis wee, And the Murphys three, And the curls of .Marshall Lyle. Ten years flew by, but the case went on— t I had grown to mall's estate. And the things that oucc I loved to watch I loath'd with a bitter liate. Life seemed too short for the (;ity Court 'To settle this dread P. P., So, for fear my brain Should become insane, I bolted away to sea. Taut IT. Hi- rnn,nh ;i marine i.Topin r. Ye an.i, nt miiriiii'r tinii'icu-iM' 1 11 ' ' Ami ri'vi c iiivli •n.-of liis .,iu!>, Ami jirtt"tli 1;IHJ,KIM1 ti eli til:,I, a kit,'. H"c rMimnti'ili ill that »as left VWUILS, |,|lk |i,„|.|„ i " - "J need not sptaic of the nex't five y0.irs Of my life on the oceaa wave. Nor how at the end of that awful time I escaped a watery grave. The ship was wreck'd and the rest went down '.Mid the angry tempest's roar. Hilt fortune good Still to me stood— I. was thrown on a savage Bhore. Tlicy were kind to me those savage i„en — 1 !ivelJ ljH;re iif t >">' ea! '' Till I saw one day dovvn iu the bay A liritish ship appear. Then, then, I yearu'd to see again The Melbourne of my youth ; So I took a trip Upon that ship, And sailed for the sunny Sooth. In a month or two I was safe and 80ll]u} In the well-remembered place : Hut all was changed aud 1 looked m vain For some old familiar face. As I strolled the streets with dejected mien And bitterly saddened port, Thought 1, I'd take Fur old times' sake, A look at the City Court. I passed the policeman at'the door, cr t| )(, J. AMU 0],i ,lirty place — l,rcat (•.,.<,.„.•„ ghost! I fainted almost — TIIF.V WEUK STILL AT THE PJIESUIA; ("ASK ! A wearied look was upon them all — They were wrinkled and lean to see, Hut though old aud grey They were pegging away At the ease of the Premier 1 J . Tlie Reuch had been reduced to three — Those three were gaunt aud grey— Fur one by one in fifty years The others hadmed away. And there was l'urves older grown, But bitter still as of yore— And (Jaunson grim Still going for linn, Still making the i.l.C. roar. There was Marshall Lyle with a sad sweet smile, And bis auburn curls bleached white, ;Vnd many more with tresses hoar. Alas ! 'twas a piteous sight. I shrieked aloud a maniac s yell, And cried as I left the place 1 Not till Cabriel's llute Is heard to toot Will i bey finish the Premier Case.'" 