CH&.PIER XL—The Eisa or the Oisna ^HRISLtSLE, what have von done!" cried Claude, while Mary, whom {ate had made the busy help of the "family, '•hurried to Glyddyr'e side, and helped htm i to rise ■ to' V sitting "position. .'So did not'itfem'ptio get upon hie feet. "Lost my temper, I suppose," said" Chris, who began to ealm dotro as ..he saw the effeot ofhUbtowi'.n'vBut it was hie own" doing. ' I warned"hlmtbkeop his hands off."' '■IieaTe'my houee," rnfSan,'before I send for. theptilicei" ; . "■^pu|ll.bei sorry for all this, Mr. Gartram," arid Chri*.-; V Claude— "Silence!" shouted Gartram.' "Kccollect, my girl, that hencsfarth - this man and we are strangers.": - Everything between us is at an end. Once more, sir, will you leave my house?" " Yea, Til go," said Chris slowly, as his eyes reatedon Claude's. " Don't think ill oi me," he said' to her huskily. " I 'have done nothing wrong, Claude." Gartram came between them, and,-'" feeling that Heie alone could heal the terrible breach, i Chris; made a geatioula'ioa and walked slowly to the door, where he turned. " "iK "Gartram," said he, "you'll bitterly repent this. Bat don't think that I ahall give np. jTll go now. One oi these dayg^ when you have thought this over, you will ask me to oome "bask, .and we ahaU be friends again. Claude—Mary, all this was not my seeking. Good-bye." " Not his seeking!" oried Gartram, sinking into ft chair and dabbling his faoe with his handkerchief. " He wants to kill me; that's what, he's trying to do. How are you now, Glyddyr? Bray forgivs me for bringing; this upon you. The scoundrel must be mad." " Getting, better now, sir," said Glyddyr ; sod, aa his enemy had gone, beginning with a great show oi suffering and effort to suppress it, as his eyes sought sympathy from Claude, found none, and then directed his, eyes to Mary, who offered him her hand as he mads slowly for the nearest eat? chair. "I suppose I was« bit stunned. Not hurt much I think." " I-don't know how. to apologise enough," cried Gartram,-" and you two girls, have you nothing to ssy ? As outrageous assault on my ~uest! Baths shall smart for it. .I'll have " No, no, Mr. Gartram. I'm getting all right fast," said Glyddyr, quickly seizing the opportunity to be magnanimous in C-aude's eyes. '' Mr. Lisle was excited w hen he struck me. Ablow likethatisnqthiog." : " M». Christopher Lisle will find'out'thit "a blow euch as you ve received means a great deal more th *n he. think b, Bir. .Claude, ring the b lL Have the spirits and soda water "brought'iri." Ars yon sure you art "ntjP keripuslj hurt, glyddyrf" f Quite, sir. A mete>nbthing. Great pity it happened. Why, ladies,'it mnet have regu larly startled .yon. MisaVGaitram, I am very sorry. Ton look pale'." I'Enoogh to startle any/woman, Glyddyr. Bnt there, it's all overlor the present. Ton had better leave ns now, girls." J. "No, no," cried Glyddyr; "don't let me drive them away, sir." "It is not driving1 them away, Mr. Glyddyr," laid Gartram, shortly. " I wish them to go." • iI beg pardon, I am sure," , '• Granted, sir, but I.like to be master in my ownhouse," " Eapa, dear; pray, pray be oalm," Whispered Olande, who had crept to His eldti "Oalm! Of oourse. " I am oalm. There, thete, there; doil'tialk fo Imt'go, and T Biidring fot Ihe spirit stand." . ' _ - " Tes, papa; I did. . I'll go and send it in." " Tea, qniokly. Ton are sure yoii vroold not like tho doctor fetohsd; Glyddyr f"'L' "Oh, oertain, sir.' There",'let it pass now. A mete nothing." , , . «■ Ob, ay poor darling Glaudo;''" whispered' Mary, taking her consin's hand and.kissing her pale faoo as tho large 'dark oyes'gahod pitifully down ia hers , ' . ' "Do you understand what it all means, Mary F" •'Only too Well, eoz. Poor Chris has been telling uncle he laved you,' and that put our' dear tyrant in a passion. Then, Mr.. Glyddyr oame, and poor Chris got in a passion too, and knocked bim do »n." , ; "Tes," sighed Olande,' "I'm afraid that musthBlt." " Tes, mv deir, it's all but and dried.. Ton are to be Sirs. Glyddyr as: soon as they have' settled it all." •„ "Never," said Olande, frowning, and look" ing like a softened edition of her father. : "And as that eete'poor Chris at liberty," continued Mary, with one of her misohievons looks, "and youdon't want him; there may be a bit of a ohande for poor little me." . "Mary, dear!" said Olande, in a voice full of remonstrance.' - - ; " It's rather bad taste of Won, for thongh Mr. Glyddyr is very handsome, I think Chris is the better man. Mr. Glyddyr seems to me quits a oo ward, making all that fuss so that we might sympathise with Mm. Better have had poor Chris." ."Maty, dear, low can yon-make fan of everything when I am in snoh terrible trouble?" " It's becansa I can't help it, Claude, I sup pose. But, oh, I am sorry for you if uuole makes you marry handBome Mr. Glyddyr." "Mary!" . "Icannot help it, dear; I must say it He's a coward. He was hurt, of oourse, hut not so much as he pretended.. Chris Lisle knooked him right down, and' he wouldn't get up for fear he should be knooked down again. Didn't Chris look like a lion f" " It is all very, very terrible,. Mary, and I want your help and sympathy eo.badly. " I oau't help you, cor ,- I'm too bad. And all this was my fault" • "No, not all,".said Claude, sadly- "Papa has been thinking about Mr. Glyddyr for a long time, and dropping h'uts to me about ■him. " Tea. and you'll have to bo Mrs. Glyddyr." " No," said Olaudei with quiet firmness; and her,father's stern, determined look reams into her'eyes "No, t will never be Mr. Glyddyr'a wife.- It is impossible." " i " But uncle ■ will • never forgive . poor! Mr. Lisle" "Don't say that, Mary. Never is aterrible "word. Papi loves me and would like'to seema. happy." " And shall you tell him you love Chris ?" '• No," said Claude, sternly ■ " If you please, ma'am, Mrs. Woodham is here," sa'd one of the servants, and Claude's face grew more troubled as she asked herself what ber father would say to tbo Btep.she had taken, in bidding the unhappy woman come and resume her old pontion in the house. Bbe had not long to wait. ' • ' ■ _ As she rose -to crofB the room she caught sight of Glyddyr lookmgbaok at the windows on leaving the bouse, and heard the study boll ring furiously. ^ "Quick, Mary!" she cried, as iBherushed through the door, being under the impression that her father had had another seizure. ; The relief was so great as she entered the study and found him standing in the middle of the room that she threw herself in his arms. "I thought you were taken ill agaiD," she gasped, as she clung to him, trembling. He wag evidently in a fury, but bis child's words were like oil upon the tempestuous \- waves. "Ton, you thought that?" he.said,'holding her to his breast end patting her cheek tenderly. "Ton thought that, eh? And they say in panmouth that everybody ha'es me—that there isn't a soul here who wouldn't like to danoe upon my grave." ' "Papa, dear, don't talk like that." ""Why not, the ungrateful .wretches? I've made Danmouth a, prosperous^place. I spend thousands a year in wages, and the dogs all turn upon me and are ready to rend the hand that feeds them- It they are not' satisfied with their wages they wait till I have some important contract on the way and then they strike. I haven't patience with them.". "Father!" cried.Claude, firmly, "Dootor Asher said you'were not to excite youself in any way or you would be ilL" "And a good thing too. Batter be ill, and die, and get out cf tho way. Hated—cursed by every living soul.", Claude clung more tightly to him, laid her head upon her breast, and p'aced her hand across his lips as if to kesp.him from speaking. A smile came across the grim face, but there was no smile in his words as he went on fiercely, after removing the hand and seeming about to kiss itj bnt keeping it? in his hand without. " Everything seems to go against mo," ho cried. Mr. Glyddyr—just going-1 was seeing him to "the door,' when,' like a black ghost, np starts that womauSarab Woolhatn. WbatdocB shejwaut?" . r ^ : ■ I ' t I'll tell you,' de^r, if-'yqq'will sit do wn add becalm." " How the devil oan I be calm ? " he raved " When I am regalarlf peraaooted by 'lolh like this;": t . '• . Bdthe let-Olaudo'presa him haok into an' easy chair, while, feeling that she was better away, Mary \0illda Cf?j)t 'softly oat of the room. ' " " Well, then," he aaid, as if his ohild's tonoh was talismamo, and he lay baok and closed hla eyes. "I'llbe calm. But yon don't know, Claude, yon can't tell how I'm peneobted, Tm robbed right and left.". " Papa! My deaf father, you are as rich as ever you can be. so what doesit matter?'' Who saye I'm rioh f Nonsense I ■ Absurd I And then look at the worries I have.' All the trouble and intjoest over that man's death, - and thfOUvh hid Sheer drais obstlnady/' " Wby bring that up again, father dear.",, " Don't say father. Call me'pdpa. When ever yon begin fathering me, it meen that yon ace going to preach at me1 and bully res', an A have your Way." " •' ' - ','Pben, papa,! dear, why bring .'that np again?"'." ' iJti. ..V .SL 7 i ■' I didn't. It's brought up and'thruet under my very nope. Wby is that womaii bete ?" "Bnpa " " How, it's of no use, Clande, that man fsgularlroommitted suicide out of opposition tome. He destroyed a etond worth at least a hundred pounds by .using that tearing dyna mite whion smashes everything to pieces, and then forsooth he ohargea me with his dying breath with mntdering him, and the wretched pick under him take np the cry and bark as ne did. Conld anything be more unreason able ?" d-'- ■' Ho, dear, of coarse not. Bat the poor fellow was mad with egony and despair. It was so horrible for him,, a hale, strong man, ■ to be out down in a moment.''. ; . • " He ont himself down.. It would not have happened ifbe bad donees I ordered." " Von must foreive all that now. He knew ho hotter; and as fot the worknien you'know how easily they aro ioflaenOad one way or the other." " Oh, yes, I know them; and now tbie woman's hare begging " • , - - • "No,.papa, dear." . I say she is- ; I oonld see it in :ber servile shivering way, as soon as she ban'ght my eye';' now look here, Claude, I shan't give her'a shilling." • . 'Claude held his Hand to Her oheeltin sUehee. "I won't pay for the man's', funeral. I'm obliged to pay the doctor, btoausa I contracted for him to attend the ungrateful bonnde; bntl will not help her ia the leaBS and I'll have no' more of your wretohed tricks I'm always find ing out that yon are helping the people and letting them think it is my doing. Now, then, I've dons,' and I mean to be at peaoo, so go and send that wprnan away, or I shall be ill. Olaade olaog a little more closely to her father, nestling as it were in his breast. "Well," he. said, testily, " why don't yon go?" ' ~ ' ; - ■ " My father is the leading man in this neigh- ■' bonrhood," said Olaade, in a soft, dreamy'tone, "and the people don't know tha goodne^s td hisheartasldo." ' : '' i "Now, Olaudie, I won't have it . .Ton are.j beginning to preaei at roc/and give me a dose' j of morals! "My'heart has" grown as hard as granite." —i... " No, It has- not," said Claude,- klssing bis reined hand! "It is as soft and'^od M ever^ only yon try to make it hard, and you say thingayoa do hot mean." : " Ah, how!" ho shouted, " yon are going to talk about, that Lisle, and I will not have his cursed name mentioned in the—'1 - " I was not going: to talk abont Christopher Lisle," said Claude in the same gentle,- mur muring voice, whose tones seemsd to soothe and quiet him down, " I was going on to csy that I want the people—the weak] Ignorant; easily-led people—about here to love and venerate my dear fathoc'e name." " And they willnot, do what yon will. The more you do for them, the less sell- helpful they are. and the more they will revile and oiirse Why, i{ I was ruined to-morrow, after they've eaten my bread foryeare, I believe they'd light abonfire and have a danoe." "No, no, no, no," murmured Clmde. " Ton have done too much good for them." " I haven't. You did it a 1, you hussy, and pretended it was I," he said grimly, as he played with her glossy hair. " I did it with your money, drar, and I am your child. I aoted as I knew you would act if you thoroughly knew the circumstances, but y ou had no time. What is the use of having so much money if.no good is done." " For ungrateful people." " We are taught to do good for evil, dear." "What! for a race of thieves who are always cursing and reviling us? . There, I'm basy and tired, Olaudie. I've listened to your moral lssson very patiently, and now I waDtto be at rest. Bnt I "forbid yon to belpthat wrotehed woman. She and hbr husband always hated me. Oonfonnd 'em, they were always insulting me. How dare they aotually pnh lioly insult mo in that miserable little obBpel." ; " Insulted you? What do you mean ?" Why, they prayed for me, hang 'em?" " Oh, father, dear !" There you go Bgain. Papa—papa—papa. Don't forget that wo do belong to the aristo oracy after all. New go and send that dread ful woman away." ■'! I cannot, dear." '? Cannot?" "No, papa. 'Shehas come to Btay?" " Sarah Woodham ? To stay ? Here ?" . V Yes, dear. Poor thing; she is left penni less almost, for Woodham did not save." " No, of course, not. They none of them do " "He spent all he had to spare," eontinnod Claude in the same gentle murmuring tone, as she pressed her father's hand to her oheek. " Everything he could scrape togothor he gave to tho poorer ohurch people." "Yes, I know, in his bigoted way to teach me what to do. And don't keep on rubbing your oheek against my hand. Anyone who saw you would Uiink you were a cat." •J So, papa dear, at wo . want,a good, trust worthy woman in. the hooBe, and Sarah was vrltt.' tt*«o long, and knew oar ways to well, 1 •Trained for her to come hack to her' cM •«* i--?.i"01aude/r' s;JU . i.'Yes; dear, and these years of her married life and. the sad end will be to'her iifea mourn ful dream;". '"* i< . < Norman Qartrum made an angry gesture, but Claude's arms stole ronnd.us neck, her, lips pressed his as she halt layuponhis.breart,.-. and with the tears gently filling and hanging' like pearls in his grisly beard, she said m » : • low, sweat vo'oe: "And some day, father dear, at the last, as : she thinks of what an asylom this haB been to. her, she will go down to her gravo-praislngr.-. yonr'nune. for all the goodyon have done, and' -L .. this will make matery happy, dear, and eo-ifc 1 will yon." ■ V,-' ■ ■ There was a long rilence'in the room, and ! Norman Gartram'e face seemed to grow -less I ragged, and it'was as if there was something,of the earns look as that' in his child's, when, .with • a tender kiss apon hls hand,.she leit.hia. anna and half playfully said— " Ami to .go odd send Sarah Woodham _ away?" < "Wo," ho said, hastily, as his' old . look n« . | turned. "Ton are as bad asyonr poor, dear'". [ mother, every bit "No," ha cried, with'.an' aeerry dash, " I won't do that though. Not a ;Jj-, I farthing of my money shall gotowarda paying- a >v for that man's funeral." i', ;- /.j s':: " Father, dear—" . . ,-L-L - "Papa." .. "Then naps, dear," said (Jlsude, quietly " I have paid everything' connected with: poor :■ .a. Woodhsm's fnneral." - .-i "Tod have." "Yes, yon are very generous to me- with money, and I had .plenty to do that.','-: • t " Yes, and stinted yourself in clothes.- j Yon' don't dress half well enongh.' Well, thdre,;it'a.. ; done now, and we can't-alter-it.. leappbae' thesepeople will think it was my doing.", " "Yes, dear.", '. ""Of onree. Well as to this woman,'keep • her and nurse and pamper her, and pay her the ~ largest wages yon'ran, and mark my words, mv pet, she'll, turn round and worry us for what we have done." -y . "Ihave no fear, doar. '.Iknow'Sarah Wood- ~ ham too will," and I oan do anything I.like with her." .. "Yes, as yon oau with me, you hussy," he ' •< oried. "Doke—King—why I'm like- waten with yon, Ola'nde. ' Bat," 'he cried shaking^ t finger at heri ".there are things though in j whioh I mean to have my way." ' Claude flashed up, and a hard look oame / into her eyes. ' Bnt no more was said theit 