BEATRICE. CHAPTER XXI. THE THIRD APPEAL. By H. Rider Haggard, Author of “Cleo patra,” &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] Face to face they stood, while at the vision of her sweetness his heart grew still. Face to face, and the faint light fell upon her ten der loveliness and died in her deep eyes, and the faint breeze, fragrant with the breath of pines gently stirred her hair. Oh, it was worth living to see her thus. . ‘ I beg your pardon,’ she said in a puzzled tone, steppiug forward to pass the gate. ‘ Beatrice.’ She gave a little cry, and clutched the railing, else she would have fallen. One moment she Btayed so, looking up towards his face that was hid iu the deepening shadow—looking with wild eyes of hope and fear and love. ‘ Is it you,’ she said at length, ‘ or another dream.’ ‘lt is I, Beatrice ! ’ he answered amazed. She recovered herself with an effort. ‘Then why did you frighten me so?’ she asked. ‘ It was unkind—oh, I did not mean to say anythiug cross. What did I say ? I forget, I am so glad that you have come 1’ and she put her hand to her forehead aud looked at him again as one might gaze at a ghost from the grave. 1 Did you not expect me?’ Geoffrey asked. 'Expect you? no. No more than I ex pected—’ and she stopped suddenly, ‘lt is very odd,’he said; ‘I thought yon knew that your father was going to ask me down. I returned from London with him,’ 1 From Loudon,’she murmured. ‘I did hot know; Elizabeth did not tell me any thing about it. I suppose that she forgot.’ ‘ Here I am at any rate, and how are you?’ ‘ Oh, well now, quite well. There, I am all right again. It is very wrong to frighten people in that way, Mr Bingham,’ she added in her usual voice. ‘ Let me pass through the gate and I will shake hands with you— if,’she added, in a tone of gentle mockery, ‘one may shake hands with so great a man. But I told you how it would be, did I not, just before we were drowned together, you know ? How is Effie ?’ 1 Effie flourishes,’ he answered. 1 Do you know, you do not look very grand. Your father told me that you had a cold in the winter,’ and Geoffrey shivered as lie thought Of the cause. 'Oh, thank you, I have nothing to com plain of. I am strong and well. How long do you stay here ?’ ‘Not long. Perhaps till Tuesday morning, perhaps till Monday.’ Beatr.ee sighed. Happiness is short. She had nOj brought him here, she would not havelif ed a finger to bring him here, but since het had come she wished that ho was going to stay longer. . ,ht * s s upper time,’ she said; ‘let us go m.’ ’ a So they went in and ate their supper. It was a happy meal. Mr Granger wan in almost boisterous spirits. It is wouderful , i at , a difference the possession of that two uudred pounds made in his demeanor—lie seemed another man. It was true that a an red of it must go iu paying debts, but a hundred would be left, which meant at least a year s respite for him. Elizabeth, * jelaxed her habitual qrimneas; the two \- ? fu and pounds had its influence ou her also, , , ere " er n other genial influences at knen, ' D ,i -' er dar h> secr et heart, Beatrice what °f the money, and sat some the w;m ent ’ ? he ’ t . O0 > ' vas *>uppy with visits • u ? rea happiness that sometimes "sits us in dreams. haw G ®? ffre y- if Lady Honoria could astonish- h s" n^ e . wonld have in silent ate ' le had been a very him aS 5 ,nal^Peo P' e indeed had found sice of B eo t m - pa !" 0D - Bttt uuder the influ talked hrim l "-. 1 ; 6 8 prese,loe he talked and S V E T y 's Parha P s '>e was uncon- ,' Ug Slo ' v at his very best ptesence of 6 H man ,la turally does in the milU&utlv; did TTI whom he loves - So sat still and k .- thafc at la st they all been woisetlploye"’ “ and they setired , to tl h?r Pper "' aa <lone > and Elizabeth Granger w ST B “ly, too, Mr baby\ I1( j w , ed to christen a sick kit alone. and tl,ey 'T ore and looked out at tl' lt t ie win dow-place • Toll „ . 1 the quiet night. So he Lid 0 ? y ° Ur lf-' eaid Beatrice. »teps by which ife’h [ 6 narra ted all the Position, and B howed ftll | rea ? hed hia present m 'gbt rise to th« 5 ler low rom it he Slle did not look nt m h ?t ‘ lei l lltS ° f aIL answer him hut „ 1 hl !”' and did not thinking that u ’ ea he paused, himself, Hie said r ta ked en,]U gh about more,’ ' ’ Go on; tell me some % e t ha V°, ,d her all. * lle opportunity * JnJ* Ilave t,ie P°wer aud J.m° B g the foremosfn- 11 'I' 11 one da y be bon.’ . emost men of y OU r geuera hotainbSu;’ uS ' Vit . ha mgh. *1 am ‘>*°rk, not for ' L ' r - ,° r th ««ake of day I daresay that T R , T 1 brin 8- One and leave it. But while'll Wear , y of ' lt M ■W^ h 'S45i k ’ 1 " k,, “ rVtup : ’ yo h u V u T p e n rc,l > ‘you must not «. she continued, looking P f romise have health and strength you will persevere till you stand alone aud quite pre-eminent. Then you can give it up.’ ‘ Why should I promise you this, Bea trice f ' ‘ Because I ask it of you. Ouoe I saved your life, Mr Bingham, and it gives me some little right to direct its course. I wish that the mau whom I saved to the world should be among the first men in the world, not in wealth, which is an accident, but in intel lect and force. Promise me this and I shall be happy.’ ‘I promise you,’ he said, ‘I promise that I will try to rise because you ask it, not because the prospect attracts me;’ but as he spoke his heart was wrung. It was bitter to hear her speak thU9 of a future in which she would have no share, which, as her words implied, would be a thiug utterly apart from her, as much apart as though she were dead.’ ‘Yes,’ he said again, ‘you gave me my life, and it makes me very unhappy to think i that I. can "give you nothing in return. Oh, Beatrice, I will tell you what I have never told to any oue. I am lonely and wretched. With the exception of yourself, I do not think that there is anybody who really’ cares forme—l mean who really sympathises with me in the world. I daresay that it is my own fault, and it sounds a humiliating thing to say’, and, in a fashion,’a selfish thing. I never should have said it to any living soul but yon. What is the use of being great when there is nobody to work for ? Things might have been different, but the world is a hard place. If you—if you’— At this momeut his hand touched hers; it was accidental, but in the tenderness of his heart he yielded to the temptation and took it. Then there was a moment’s pause, and very gently she drew her hand away’ aud thrust it in her bosom. ‘ You have your wife to share y’our for tune,’ she said, ‘you have Elfie to inhert it, and you cau leave your name to your country’.’ Then came a heavy pause. ‘ And you,’ he said, breaking it, ‘ what future is there for you ?’ She laughed softly’. ‘ Women have no future aud they ask none. At least I do not uow, though once I did. It is enough for them if they can ever so little help the lives of others. That is their happiness, and their reward is—rest.’ Just then Mr Granger came back from his christening, and Beatrice rose nud went to bed. ‘Looks a little pale, doesn’t she,' Mr Bing ham ?’ said her father. ‘I think she must be troubled in her mind. The fact is—well, there ib no reason why’ I should not tell you; she thinks so much of you, and you might say a word to brighten her up—well, it’s about Mr Davies. I fancy’, you kuow, that she likes him and is vexed because he does not come forward. Well,’ you see—of course I may be mistaken, but I have sometimes thought that he may. I have seen him look as if he was thinking of it, though of.course it is more than Beatrice has got auy’ right to expect. She’s ouly got herself and her good looks to give him, and he is a rich man. Think of it, Mr Bingham,’ and the old gen tleman turned up his eyes piously’, ‘ just think what a thing it would be for her, and indeed for all of us, if it should please God to send a chance like that in her way; she would be rich for life, and. such a position! But it is possible; one never knows; he might take a fancy to her. At any rate, Mr Bingham, I think you could cheer her up a little; there is no need for her to give up hope yet.’ Geoffrey burst into a short grim laugh. The idea of- Beatrice languishing for Chven Davies, indeed the irony of the whole position, was too much for his sense of humor. ‘ Yes,’ he said, ‘ I dare say that it might be a good match for her, but I do not know how she would get on with Mr Davies. ‘Get on! why, well enough, of c.ourse. Women are soft, and can squeeze into most holes, especially when they are well lined. Besides, he may be a bit heavy, but I think she is pining for him, and it’s a pity’ that she should waste her life like that. What, are you going to bed ? Well, good-night— good-night. Geoffrey did go to bed, but not to sleep. For a long while ho lay awake, thinkiug. lie thought of the last night which he had spent i : this little room, of its strange ex periences, of all that had happened since, and of the meeting of to-day’. Could he, after that meeting, any longer doubt what were the feelings with which Beatrice re garded him ? It was difficult to do so, and yet there still was room for error. Then he thought of what old Edward had said to him, aud of what Mr Grauger- hnd said with reference to Beatrice and Owen Davies. The views of both were crudely and even vulgarly expressed, but they coincided, aud what was more, there was truth in them, and he knew it. The idea of Beatrice marrying Mr Davies was, to put it mildly, repulsive to him; but had beany claim to stand between her and so desirable a settlement in life? Clearly he had not, his conscience told him so. Could it be right, moreover, that this kind of tie which existed betweeu them should be knitted more closely ? What would it mean? Trouble, and nothing but trouble, more especially to Beatrice, who would fret her days away to no end. He had done wrong in coming here at all, he had done wrong in taking her hand. He would make the only reparation in his power (as though in such a case as that of Beatrice reparatibn were now possible) I ne would efface himself from her life, and see her no more. Then she might leavu to forget him, or, at the worst, to remember him with but a vague regret. Yes, cost what it might, he would force himself to do it before any actual mischief ensued. The only question was, should he not go further ? Should he not tell her that she would do well to marry Mr Davies? Pondering over this most painful question, at last he went to sleep. When men in Geoffrey’s unhappy position turn penitent and see the error of their ways, the prudent resolves that ensue are apt to overshoot the mark and to partake of an aggressive nature. Not satisfied with leav ing things alone, they must needs hasten to proclaim their new found virtue to the partner of their fault, and advertise their infallible specific (to be taken by the partner) for 'restoring the status quo ante. Sometimes as a consequence of this pious zeal they find themselves misunderstood, or even succeed in precipitating the catastrophe which they laudably desire to prevent. The morrow was Whit Sunday, and a day that Geoffrey had occasion to remember for the rest of his life. They all met at breakfast, and shortly afterwards went to church, the service being at half-past ten. By way of putting into effect the good resolutions with which he was so busy paving an inferno of his own, Geoffrey did not sit by Beatrice, but took a seat at the end of the little church, close to the door, aud tried to console himself by looking at It was a curious sulleu- natured day, and though there was uot very much sun the air wns as hot as though they were in midsummer. Had they been in a volcanic region, Geoffrey would have thought that such weather preceded a shock of earth quake. As it was, he knew _that_ the English climate was simply modifying itself at the expense of the population. But as up to the present the season had been cold, this knowledge did not console him. In deed, he felt so choked in the stuffy little church that just before the sermon (which hejiappened to be aware was not written by Beatrice) he took an opportunity to slip out unobserved. Not knowing where to go, he strolled down to the beach, on which there was nobody to be seen, for, as has. been observed, Bryngelly slept on Sundays. Presently, however, a figure approached walking rapidly aud to all appearauce aimlessly, aud in it he recognized Owen Davieß. He was talking to hiinselr while he walked, and swinging his arms. ’ Geoffrey stepped aside to let him pas?, and as he did so was surprised aud even shocked to see the change in the man. His plump healthy looking face had grown thin, aud wore a half sullen, half pitiful expression; there were dark circles round bis blue eyes, once so placid, aud his hair would have been the better for cutting. Geoffrey wondered if he had had an illness. At that-moment Owen chanced to look round and saw him. '‘How do you do, Mr. Bingham? he said. ‘ I heard that you were here. They told me at the station laßt night. You see this ta a small place and one likes to know who comes and gues,’ he added as though in excuse. He walked on and Geoffrey walked with him. '‘You do not look well, Mr Davies,’ he said. ‘ Have yon been laid up ?’ ‘No, no,’ he answered, *-I am quite right; it is only my mind that is ill.’ ‘ Indeed,’ said Geoffrey, thinking that he certainly did look strange. ‘ Perhaps yon live too much alone and it depresses you.’ • ‘ Yes, I live alone, because I can’t help myself. What is a man to do, Mr Bingham, when the woman he loves. will not marry him, won’t look at him, treats him like dirt ?' ‘ Marry somebody else,’ suggested Geoffrey. ‘ Ob, it is easy for you to say that—you have never loved anybody, and you don’t understand. I cannot marry anybody else, I only want her.’ ‘Her? Who?’ ‘ Who ! why,* Beatrice—who else could a mau want to marry, if once he had seen her. But she will not have me; she hates me.’ ‘ Really,’ said Geoffrey. ‘ Yes, really, aud do you kuow why ? Shall I tell you why? I will tell you,-and lie grasped him by the arm and whispered hoarsely in his ear — 1 Because she loves you, Mr Bingham.’ ‘ I tell you what it is, Mr Davies,’ said Geoffrey shaking his arm free, ‘ I am not going to stand this sort of thiug, You must be off your head.’ ‘ Don’t be angry with me,’ he answered. ‘lt is true. I have watched her, and I kuow that it is true. Why does she write to you every week, why does she always start and listen when auybody mentions your name? Oh, Mr Bingham,’ Owen went on piteously, ‘be pitiful—you have your wife and lots of women to make love to if you wish—leave me Beatrice. If you don’t, I think that I shall go crazed. I have always loved her, ever since she was a child, aud uow my love grows faster and stronger every day, and carries me away with it like a rock rolling down a hill. You can only bring Beatrice to shame, but I can give her everything—as much money as she wants, everything that she wants—and I will make her a good husbaud; 1 will never ieave her side.’ ‘I have no doubt that would be delightful for her,’ answered Geoffrey; but does it not strike you that all this is just a little un dignified ? These remarks, interesting as they are, should, be made to Miss Grauger, not to me, Mr Davies.' ‘ I kuow,’ he said, ‘ but I don’t care; it is my only chance, and what do I mind about being undignified? ' Oh, Mr Bingham, I have never loved any other woman, I have been lonely all my days. Do not stand in my path now. If you only knew what I have suffered, how 1 have prayed God night after night to give me Beatrice, you would jjhelp mo. Say that you will help me. You are oue of those men who cau do anything; she will listen to you. If you tell her to marry me she will do so, and I shall.bless you my whole life.’ Geoffrey looked upon this abject sup pliant with the most unmitigated scorn. There is always something contemptible in the sight of one man pleading to another for assistance in his love affairs—that is a business which he should do for himself. How much greater, then, is the humiliation involved when the amorous persou nsks the aid of one whom he believes to be his rival—his' successful rival—in the lady’s affection ? • Do you know, Mr Davies,’ Geoffrey said, ‘I think that,l have had enough of this. I am not in a position to force Miss Granger to accept advances which according to your account appear to be unwelcome. But if I get an opportunity I will do this—l will tell her what you say. You rosily must manage the rest for yourself. Good morning to you, Mr Davies.’ He turned sharply’ and went while Owen watched him go.’ ‘I don’t believe him,’he groaned to him self. ‘He will try to make hfcr his lover. Oh, God help me—l cannot bear to think of it. But if he docs, nud I find him out, let him be careful. I will ruin him, yes, I will ruin him ! I have the money and I can do it. Ah, he thinks me a fool, they all think me a fool, but I haven’t been quiet all these years for nothing. I can make a noise if necessary. And if lie is a villain, God will help me to destroy him. I have prayed to God, and God will help mc.‘ Then he went back to the Castle. Owen Davies was a type of the clns3 of religious men who believe that they can enlist the Almighty on the side of their desires, pro vided ouly’ that those desires receive the sanction of human law or custom. Thus within 24 hours Geoffrey received no less than three appeals to help the woman whom he loved to the arms of a distasteful husband. No wonder then that he grew almost superstitious about the matter. (To he Continued.) 