ENGLISH NOTES. The Queen presented Madame Melba with a lovely diamond and pearl brooch, in addition to a substantial cheque, as a recognition of the pleasure afforded her Majesty by the prima donna's singing at Windsor Castle in July last. While at Kensington Palace recently the Queen inspected the statue oi herself whioh Princess Louise is executing. The work is fast approaohing completion, and is said to be artistic and lifelike. Her Majesty has ordered a large quantity of silk handkerchiefs in order to encourage an industry which is one of the most important in Ayrshire and the South of Scotland. The Prince and Princess of Wales gave a Jarden party at Marlborough House on 14th oly to meet the Queen, who arrived from Windsor, accompanied by the Princesses Vic toria and Margaret of Prussia. On arrival, the Queen was conducted to a canopy at the lower end of the garden, and was soon sur rounded by her family. Her Majesty looked bright and well, and, with the aid of the arm of the Prince of Wales, and leaning on a stick, walked about and conversed with many of the guests. She wore a black striped broche dress with white flowers in her bonnet. The Princess of Wales was attired in blue-gray silk, trimmed in front with white lace, and a bonnet to corre spond. Princesses Viotoria and Maud of Wales were dressed in cream figured foulard, with ooraelets of blue velvet, and nets of cream lace straw, trimmed with blue velvet and flowers. Princess Victoria of Prussia was dressed in pale mauve China crepe, draped over silk, a gauze hat to match. Princess Margaret was in pearl-gray with white. Princess Chris tian wore black. Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lome, was attired in a soft gray-blue dress; the Duohess of Connaught in Gobelin blue. The Duchess of Edinburgh wore gray, with yellow in her bonnet, and her daughters had light dresses, with pink flowers in their hats. The Duohess of Albany was in black, em broidered with white flowers. The Empress Frederick, during her recent visit to England, occupied herself with the adornment of the palaces, and it is said that the Queen intends to carry out at onoe several of her suggestions for the redecoration of certain apartments at Osborne, Buckingham Palaoe, and Windsor Castle. Miss Francis Lord has issued new editions of her translations of Ibsen's "Nora" and " Ghosts." Mrs. Campbell-Praed, Mrs. Mona Caird, Mirs Florence Warden, "John Strange Winter," and Mrs. Lovett Cameron, were among the literary ladies who dined with the other members of the Royal Society of Authors at the Criterian Restaurant in July. Miss Mary Pearson distinguished herself in the recent University of London examination for the M.A. degree. She was bracketed with two men in the fifth place. Miss Alice Foxall, a student of University College, Cardiff, resident at Aberdare Hall, has been placed second on the list of successful candidates for the M.A. degree in Philosophy of the London University. Lady Alexandra Leveson • Gower, only daughter of the Duke of Sutherland, is said te have become a probationer at one of the most important of the hospitals. Miss Jeanne Victoire Snook, aged 10, has been presented by the Mayor of Portsmouth with the honorary certificate of the Boyal Humane Society, for saving her little brother's life in April. The lad fell from a landing stage into 12ft. of water, and must have perished had not his sister, who was unable to swim, jumped in and managed to keep him afloat until a waterman came and rescued both. The case is said to be without a parallel in c annals of the Boyal Humane Society. Among the many meritorious exhibits in the Women'B Section of the Industrial Polytechnio Exhibition, held at Liverpool in July, were some ingenious inYWtionf}--wwetbelts (patented) by Bliss Mary Peak; a model equatorial telescope, a model transit instrument, and a model zenith section, the joint work of Miss Josephine Reily and Miss Edith Lovelace; and a theoria har monica model, an invention by Miss May Huddlestone, to simplify the mathematics of music for children, which greatly charmed Princess Beatrice, who had it explained to her a short time ago by the clever inventor. Mrs. Jacob Bright, speaking at a recent meet ing of the Women's Franchise League, recalled tho early days of the movement in Manchester twenty-three years ago, and quoted some of the objects urged against enfranchisement. In reference to the Married. Women's Property Aot, even Lord Cairns, who "had. charge of the bill in the House of Lords, considered that, the possession of separate property by a wife led to misery and to violence on the part of the man, and that a woman should be made to understand that a man must be master in his own house, though, if he lived on hia wife's earnings she might then apply to the courts!. Mrs. Ormiston- Chant, on ber return from America in July, gave a short address at an afternoon party held at the offices of the Central National Society for Women's Suffrage. In speaking of the position of women in the United States, she laid especial stress on tbe importance of tbe women's olnbs which now exist in all the principal towns. She observed that when American.women form themselves into a club they at once become an organisation for the reform of abuses; tbey are not content with being a social institution. As for the suffrage question, Wyoming was of course the source of much rejoicing and en couragement to its .sister States, but. the diffi culties in the way of women's suffrage were quite as great in America as in England, said Mrs. Chant, and tliey looked to Englishwomen for precept and example. The report of the Women's University Settle ment for work in the poorer districts of London was issncd in July. A staff of thirty-one ladies now do regularly the work of the district. It is proposed to move into a larger house, and to increase the number of resident workers. The Archbishop of Canterbury, whose daughter is treasurer, has lent a field at Lambeth, where the children play. The picture exhibition at the Morley Memorial Hall was a great success. The number of visitors in twenty- three days was 27,869. Of the residents and visitors at the settlement in the past year Lady. Margaret Hall sent seven, Soniervijle four, and Newmiani three. Professor Whitcoii.be, Ingleby lecturer at Queen's College, in July ooncluded' His cotrrse of lectures at Birmingham.oh ""The Causes and Prevention of Insanity hi W6men." He said that insanity could best be treated In its early stages, and that people were usually so anxious .o keep it secret that, unfortunately, medical men were often consulted only when it was too late to cure the malady. He prescribed mental •rest, but never cither physical o*.' mental in activity; and on the question of hei-editavy insanity he said that Jf society were hs careful ot the mental welfare., of posterity as1 it was about their physical well-being, insanity"might be stamped out in three or four generations. . A competition in ph)*slcal exercises takes place between the various Girls' -Board Schools in Birmingham every yciir. A challenge vase, to be wou three years in succession,.is given, and there are many omiirprizes. "''" r ''' A course of Oxford Extension L^ctdrriflWas been arranged bY "ihe TiMieiJ* AeisoßlatWfa'for tJseful'Work'(Bn-mirigliam) 6n tfcj? Florence." •' ■"'.'' '.."">.-• .•■.■■.••;:•• A Day Training College is to be oj>ened with forty women students; hi eonhectioh with Mason College, in October. The Ladies' Day arranged by the Royal Toxophilite Society was held on Bth July, when seventy-eight Indies accepted the invitation to shoot the National' Round And' compete for prizes which nad been -provided for the occa sion. The competitor^ had come from all parts of the country to take -fart in this annual popular meeting; and they included the very best lady archers in England, among them "being Miss Legit, the present champion, and Mrs. Piers Legh, Mrs. Butt, and Mrs. Mkrshall, Viio have si so won championship honours. In order to equalise, to a certain extent, the chaioes of success' those ladies who, during the last three years, have taken the most im portant prizes here and at the public meetings were heavily handicapped*- the deductions varying from 25 to 5 percent Members of the society presided at the targets, of whioh there were twelve pairs, and scored for the ladies. Miss Legh beat the record tor the ladies' day with the brilliant score of 486 from 70 hits, dropping but one arrow at each of the two ranges, and left all other competitors far behind. Not withstanding her loss of 25 per oent, she kept her place at the head of both the score list and the prize list. Mrs. J. M. Mitchell made three golds at one end at fifty yards, receiving the usual shilling tribute from the other competi tors. As soon as the National Round was over, a supplementary two dozen arrows at fifty yards was shot, in order to occupy the time spent in checking the scores and making up the prize list. There was some very fair shoot ing at sixty yards by other ladies, oat nothing Galling for special notice. Miss Sarah Burstall, 8.A., Miss Elizabeth Dawes, M.A., and Miss A. A. O'Connor discuss the " Ideal Education of a Girl" in a recent num ber oi Education. Miss Burstall is not altogether satisfied with the system of education at pre sent in vogue. She thinks " there is danger of {bringing up girls to be merely examination passing machines, incapable of study unless trader that stimulus." She also writes, " In the old days a girl of ability had an opportunity of thinking and growing by herself, and thns the eminent women of the past came to what they were. It has been noticed that so far remark ably little genius has shown itself among girls educated on the new system; in literature, more particularly, where the conditions of this sge are favourable, the deficiency is distinct." Professor E. B. Whitcombe, Ingleby lecturer for the year at Queen's College, Birmingham, delivered his first lecture on the 36th June. His subject was " Insanity in women, and its causes." He said that religions excitement, so often considered the cause of insanity, should rather be considered the effect of it. He drew attention to the association of heart disease and insanity to the extent of GO per cent of the cases. 