A IF ANTIC A NT '-iM.pRlf r ALIST. In a letter to the Sydney Daily'Telegraplh, occupying three and a half colhmnp, Sir Charles LilloeyChief Justice of Queensland, gives his views on the Imperial Federation question, and expresses a strong opinion that any change in the direction of a close political union with England would be mischievous, and would lead to a prema ture, violent, and unfriendly separation and to much misory. Referring to ilia poverty in the mother country, Sir Charles writes:-" Ardent supporters of Imperial Federation need never hope to aEsist Great Britain to got rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. 'Ihose who hold the weoalth of nations must bear its burden. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers." Rleferring to the promnoters of the Imperial Federation scheme, Lords Itosebery and Carnarvon and Cardinal lanning, the Chief lustice says-" Instead of directing their ability, enorgy, and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity and statesmanship which lies before them at their doors, these gen tlemen started in the pursuit of Imperial Federation, a phantom with loss sueabstance behind it than Pepper's famouns ghost. What Australians desire and will mfaintain is the right to develop their national life as they will, unfettered by restriction from abroad or any external authority. The hope of Englishmen is that Australia will help them to coerce India to holl her in subjeetion." The Chief Justice adds that we may now reasonably appreohend that the.hirst armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at the cost of the wretchedly impoverished, tax ridden people of India. Whilst Aun tralnail should wisely lot the present friendly connections with England exist until they are ready to meet any foo 'by land or water, they must prepare them solvqs for any contingency. Continuing, he writes, " Let our motto be then ' lnde. pendence ;' peacefully achieved if possible, but ' Indpddondenc I'" The letter has created much discussion in all circles. 