THE COE.NISH ASSOCIATION. THE INAUGURAL BAKQUBT. AN ENTHUSIA8TI0 GATHERING. Tbe idea of forming a Oornish Association, which ?wax mentioned in our columns a few days since, h&B; been warmly taken up. and the inaugural banquet which it was decided to hold on Friday, Feb. 21, in the banqueting room of the Town Hall waa a pronounced success. The hall w»b crowded ; indeed, bo large was the attendance that it was fosnd neoes sary to erect oveiflow tabta in the main ball. The only decoration ia the room. and therefore all the; more noticeable, was the Oornish coat of arms surmounted by the title of the association, ' The Oornish Association,' underneath being tbe motto, ' One and all,' Tbe president of the association, his Excellency the acting GoveroorXMr. JueticsBoueaut), occu pied the cfaair, being supported on his right by Sir Henry Ayera (President of the Legislative Council) and on hia left by Sir J. O. Bray (Speaker of the House of Assembly). Silting at the same table were the Premier (the Hon. Dr. Cockbum), the Minister of Education: (Hon. J. H. Gordon), the vioe presidents (Mr. J. L. Bouython and W. B. Bounsevell, M.P.), also tbe Hon. G. W. Cotton, BCii O., Messrs. T. Scherk, M.P., and L. Grayson, M.P., tbe Revs. G. £. Rows and J, E» GlaBson. The vice-chairs were occupied by Messrs. O. H. Hornabrook, W. Trcleavan, and J, B, Champion. Several apologies were read, inoludingone from the Hon. Jas. Martin, M.L.O., who haa taken a very active part in the formation of tbe asso ciation ; Mr. B, Taogye, president of the Bir mingham Midland Counties' Cornish Associa tion, who is now in Australia, and who ex pressed regret that he was unable to be present ; Captain Kitts and Mr, W. H. Matthew*, of Bound Hill, who, aB native-born Cornishmen, hoped the banquet would be a great success. A Rumptuous repast having been done jus tice to, HiB ExcstUENCT proposed tho toasts of 'The Queen ' and ' HiB Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall,' which were drunk with enthu siasm, The Rev. J. Reed Glasson then Bubmitted the toast of ' The Acting Governor.' He said he waa sure they would all join heartily in drinking this toast. He had heard it remarked tbat tbe words South Australian and Corniah man were synonymous terms, and certainly when he looked around he fancied himself at home once again, Burrounded as he waB by men who were an honor to the splendid land and the ancestry from which they bad sprung, (Cheers.) High as was hia opinion of tbe abilities of CoTcifibmen be was surprised that they had got together bo many able men to Berve on their committee. (Hear, hear) They had repre sentatives of the universities and of the bar ; they had M.P.'s and M.L.0.'fl. These gentle men not only lent their titles to add lustre to their gathering that evening, but their names a« well. (Cheers.) Bat if there was anything needed to lend lustre to their festivities it was the fact that they had not only an esteemed fellow-CorniBhman in the chair, but that he waa tbe president of their infant society as well. (Oheen.) HiB Honor Mr. Justice Bouoautwaa a gentleman who by hiB acts had lent great lustre to the colony of South' Australia. (Oheers,) He was one ot the ablest statesmen thiB young colony had ever had— (bear, hear)-- and he was certainly one of the ablest lawyers tbat South Australia bad ever possessed. (Cheers.) He occupied to-day the very high and honorable position of being one of her Majesty's judges, and he had always upheld the dignity and judicial impar tiality which were characteristic of tbe English Bench. (Oheers.) And now he was acting Governor, and if his Excellency would permit him to say bo, he had received his crowning honor, namely that ot the Presidency of the Cornish Association. (Continued cheers.) He asked them to drink the health of their esteemed fellow ? Corniabman Mr, Justice Boucaut, whom be was sure they were all proud to see filling the position of their pTeeioentthatday. (Oheera ) The toast was drunk with cheers, and Bib Exceixerci in replying, Baitl ;— Brother GorDuhmeo— I am deeply grateful to you tor the very kind sympathy which you have ex tended tome, and also to the mover of the tcaBt fcr the very flattering sentiments in which be bas propoied my health. Gentlemen, if I bad bad my own way, apart from what I believe to be my sense of duty, I would have etood by the custom which I have always observed since I bave been on the bench. I would rather tbat some other Oornishman had presided to-night— nty dear old friend, Mr. Rounsevell, for instance, one of our leading politicians, or my old and much respeotea friend, Mr. Bonython, the head of one of our oldest Cornish families. (Cheers) But both these friends of mine told me that tbey thongbt— and many of you also honored me by thinking— that it was my duty to pre side to night ; and as we Gornishmen, one and all, invariably endeavor to do our duty — (cheers)— I felt justified in submitting to the presBure and coming among you aB your presi dent. (Cheers,) I have very little to say further on that subject, Gentlemen, I know the honorable poBt I am filling to night is due to an accident, and I only regret his Excel lency Lord Kintore is not here. He ia, how ever, enjoying hia holiday in New Zealand, but I hope he will soon be again amongst us. I am Bure if he had been in the colony he would bave been pleased to be present to-night. Gentlemen, I deeply thank you. (Oheera.) Mr. J. Cleave proposed 'The Ministry.' In asking them to drink that toast, whatever they might think of the Ministry individually or collectively, he trusted that as Oorniahmen they would give them credit for tbe good they bad done. (Hear, . hear.) Now whatever Ministry might be in power, if they had not a fair and honest Opposition the affairs of the country were bound to Buffer. In the Hon. Tbos. PHyford they had a gentleman who always struck fairly above the belt— (A voice— 'With his foot}' and laughter}— and if those who were associated with hire had followed their leader he maintained that the Ministry would have carried measures whioh they introduced, and which would have been a benefit to the country, and tbe session would not have been aB barren a one aB it turned out, (Hear, hear.) He wbb afraid that the passing of tbe Payment of Members Bill waa a matter for regret (No.) Well, if they were to judge from the scrambling which was taking place for feats in Parliament be thought they must confess that there was something more animating the candidates than the mere desire of doing good for their country. (A voice^-' This is not a political meeting.') The Ministry would bave carried some useful measures during the past session but for the determined and imprudent opposition shown them, and on certain questions tbey had not received fair play. (Hear, hear ) He trusted tbis would not occur in the future, but that there would be a majority to assist in the carrying of measures having for their object tbe advancement of the colony. (Cheers.) The Pbehibb (Hon. Dr. Oookburn), who was warmly received, in replying, said he thanked them heartily for the manner hi whioh they had honored the toast, He also thanked Mr. Cleave for tbe kind things he had said regarding . the Ministry, but hccould not go with him on one point wherein he condemned the personal attacks of the Opposition. Personal attacks of an unfair character never hurt any one yet. and he had to thank those who had made personal attacks on tbe Ministry for the Btrengtb they had afforded it. Personal attacks, he repeated, never hurt a Ministry, but when opponents came forward with better proposals regarding thegovernment of acountry then was the time to look out, (Hear, hear.) Dr. Oookburn then congratulated his Cornish fellow colonists on the forming of an associa tion, and, making an historical reference to Corrmbia's put, said it was in Cornwall that such determined efforts were put forth against tbe attacks of subjugating Rome that caused tbe defence to be spoken of even till this day. It waa the Btock of those hardy Celts who were now assisting in building, up this Greater Britain of tbe south. Where, ha atked, would South Australia, for inaUnoe, have been if it had not been for the Oorniah men? (Oheera) What had saved our colony time and again! Why the mining in dustry. And who carried that industry on ? Why the Oomishmen, of course. (Cheers.) He felt that the mining industry would be the Rrtat factor ot our suoeess in time to come, and he said— Show me a mine in South Australia, or indeed all tUe world over where you will not find aOorniBbmanatthenifa.mouth? (Oheers.) He thanked them onoe more f r the kind way in which they bad received tbe toast. (Oheera; whilst a number of those present sang—' For he's a jolly good lellow.') Mr. J. Fbotis proposed 'The Parliament' He was proud to think that the gentleman who had honored them by accepting the office of their president had done to much foe the colony when he filled a position hi our Parka meat. (Hear, bear.] fie was also glad to thiwfc tbat Ooraishaien bad played io important a pattin tbaformi-g of these grc_tsouthern lands, which he felt sure would before Ion? be welded together ia one powerful confederacy. (Oheers.) 8irjHtKBY Anss, K.O.M.G. (President of the LefiilatiTe Council) returned t-Mkt-oa behalf ol the fcegidative Council, and trusted that to all time the members of it would act bo aa to merit the confidence of the pablio. (Hear, hear.) Whether a Parliament vu good or bad depended upon the eleotors, sioea they had the ?election of its memben. Apparently daring the coming elections there would be no lack of candidates, and the eleoton would consequently require? to exercise greater dis cretion in making their seleotion, They most fake care not to pan over the ser vioes of their old and valued members. Referring to the Oornish AsEOciation he said he was not aware for what purpose they were associated, bat m he knew that whatever Gomiahmen were associated for they invariably performed, he had no doubt whatever that they would be sacoessf al in their aims. (Bear, hear.) He bad dating a great portion of his life been connected with Oorniah men, and whether as miners, agriculturiste. or as artisans generally they had made a record which waB not likely to be exoelled. He ?fished the association every enooess. ( Jheera.) 8ir J. O. Beat acknowledged the toast on behalf of the House of Assembly. (Though payment of memben did much to multiply the number of candidates for Par liament, he hoped it would not bB abslished. (Cheers.) He trusted that the electors would Koognise the servioe of the old members. The Assembly spared neither time nor trouble in arriving at what they con sidered to be for the best interests of Saath Australia, and it was oftentimes to tbe interest of the colony that] {members of Parliament differed on important qiestijnB which seemed easy of eolation to many out siders. (Cheers.) People were asking why the Cornish Association was established ? He understood the main objects to be the promo tion of good feeling in regard to ths old home in Cornwall— (cheers)— and he felt satisfied that the president and those associated with him would, while cherishing tbe memories of the old home in Cornwall, not forget their new home in Australia, (Prolonged cheers.) Mr. J. It. Boktthon. who was received with applause, proposed ' The old home.' He said these words ought to kindle the enthusiasm of Oornishmen. They referred to the part of England where their forefathers lived, away back into tbe far distant past, and of which they were so justly proud. (Cheers.) In the opinion of Oornuhmen there was one county which stood distinctly in the forefront of English counties, and that, of course, was Cornwall. (Hear, hear.) Oat off from the xeet of England it was no wonder it had charac teristics which were peculiarly its oim. With the Atlantic Ocean on one side and the British Channel on the other Cornwall was a peninsula possessing a charm which attached to no other part of England except it might be a portion of Devonshire, and that county as they were aware was once a part of Cornwall. It had a coastline unsurpassed anywhere— a coastline which presented an almost endless panorama of scenery, grand in its sublimity or delightful in itB pictureequeness — effects which art ad mired but failed adequately to transfer to canvas. (Cheers.) It was a I&nd; of contrasts and surprises. In some parts it was wonderful for its fertility ; in others extraordinary for its barrenness. It was apparent that physical surroundings had played no unimportant part in moulding Cornish character. Almost every part of the county was within sound of the never-resting sea. And it was not surprising that in tbe murmur or roar of the ocean there had been a message telling Cornishmen, as it told the Phoenicians of old, that [their mission was not confined to the tract of country in whioti they lived, but that it waB limited only by the extent of the world. (Loud cheers.) This reference to the Phoenicians reminded him that Cornwall waB known to them, and it was even eaid that Comishmen supplied them with the material out of which they made their god. (Laughter.) Whatever might be the truth of that tradition there was no doubt that the Phoenicians kept up constant communication with Oornwall.and it was more than possible that Phoenician blood flowed to day in Cornish veinB. (Cheers) Against such very modern people as the Romany the ?* foreigners of the horn-shaped land'— for aB Bucb the Cornishmen were known— were able to hold their own. (Cheers.) The same might be said as regarded the Saxons— indeed there were those who, upon this fact, maintained that the Anglican Church was not an offshoot of the Church of Borne. Be that as it might thiB was certain, that Cornwall continued Christian when the Saxons carried England back again to paganism. (Cheers.) The Norman duke parcelled out the land in the county amongst his friends, but the Normans made no great impression. Since then, however, Cornwall had become more dis tinctly a part of England, and the county's history had been that of the country. What a long list of illustrious names — of ecclesiastics, statesmen, warnon, lawyers, authors, and artists— Cornwall bad contributed to the honor roll of England ! (Cheers.) As members of the Adelaide Cornish Association they were all proud to know that Cornwall included in its record of illustrious names the name of the acting-Governor of South Australia. (Continued cheers,) There were people who boasted of a great and glorious future. Garnish men could boast of a great and glorious past, and, depend upon it, it was the past which moulded the future. (Cheers) But Cornwall was not merely a land of facts. It was a land of romance— romance which had so blended itself with tbe truth that they were inseparable, and had had perhaps equal influence on the national life. (Cheers.) Did they not know that the Land's End district was anciently the chosen land of the giants— above all other their favorite abode? The Bible told them that there were giants in those days, and the giants of Cornwall, judeing by what they had left them, were giants to be proud of. (Laughter, and cheers. ) They were men who Would have taken Achilles by the hair and bent bis neok; Or with a finger stayed Ixion'e wheel. (Cheers.) Then there was the elfin oreed of Cornwall— a perfectly fascinating subject. If a traveller lost his way he immediately con cluded that he was piskie or fairy led. (Laughter.) But he mmt not go on ; if he did he would have to refer to mermaids and ghosts, (Cheers.) They were everywhere, and if the board schools had to a large extent abolished them, had the board schools been an unmixed good? (Laughter and No.) But who did not know that Between Land's End and Soilly rocks Sank lies a town that ocean mooks. Much more than that. This waB the famous Lyonesse country ; and the LyonesBe country suggested King Arthur and his noble deeds. (Cheers.) At Tintagel Arthur was born, and at Camelford he was mortally wounded. What CorniBhman could think of Tintagel without having bis imagination exoited and his enthusiasm fired, (Cheers.) Was not this the meeting place of The goodliest fellowship of famous knights Whereof this world holds record? Was it not here that Every morning brought a noble chance, And every chance brought out a noble knight ': (Loud cheers.) These were the days of chivalry, and the great Gornishman was its beBt ex ponent. No wonder men mourned his death, and said— he comes again. (Cheers,) Cornish men were content that King Arthur should be regarded as typical of the race. He was cer tainly their ideal. (Cheers.) It waB Qaeen Elizabeth who said the Cornish gentlemen were all born courtiers with a becoming confi dence. (Laughter.) This was substantially the statement which had been made by every writer on Cornwall since the days of the Romans. All had borne testimony to tha many excellent qualities which went to make up the Oornwh character, and which gave to Cornishmen their individuality. (Cheers.) It bad been stated that their Celtic blood made them ardent and vivacious, and that their almost isolated position made them self- reliant and versatile. To the Oornub man there was no scene too distant from his home— no enterprise too difficult, provided there was a reasonable prospect of sacoess and of sufficient reward. (Cheers.) DaBcended probably from the fPfloeoicuMXfl, like the Pfccpuicians Gornishmen were . everywhere ; but, unlike tbe Pfccesicians, not so much to push the oommeroe of the world as to develop its natural resources. (Oheers.) And what a work they had done. Their monuments were in every continent, and no people had done more to build up the British Empire than the people of Cornwall. (Loud oheers ) They talked about hands aoross the sea uniting tha various portions of tbe British Empire, an j making federation possible, but whose bands were they but the hands of Gornitbmen, who in their pride of race never forgot that they were citizens of the British Empire. (Oheers) To paraphrase a famous saying— Doubtless God might have I n-ade a better county, bat doubtless He naver did. (Continued cheers.) ] His Excillenov, who received an ovation ' on rising to respond,- eaid they bad been a«k«d what were tbe aims of the association, la addition to those already given they hoped that any who were eiok or in distress would be relieved. (Obeera) Not only were Cornishmeo courtier?, bnt they were modest people. (Laughter.) They lacked the obttusiveneos of the foreigners who lived east of the T*roar, and unlike a certain people to whom Anthony Tmllope referred, were not given to blow. (Gbeera ) They bad an ancient and a creditable history. When the foreigners east of tfae Tamar were clothing themselves with ekins in winter and woad in cummer the Ojrnish men were doing business with the Phoe nicians through their tin. Their hereditary ?kill in miniog had been proved io many parts of the world, not exotadiug South Australia (Hear, hear.) Tbe enemy bad said that Csrnish captains had just as much akill in working the public as in working the tbues. (Lxufffater.) That was a discreditable libel, but it was no disparagement of the Ooraiah intellect. Their modem history was faonv able. - Tb* y-nwisted the Romans, bat p»rt* of the country were nearbj.overrao by .tbe feordos nfUaxoni. Nevertheless Gomishmen were ?till 'Oorniahmmr I-Oorsuah names -were ««til Gornuh names, and the Gonkh raoo wai otill tbe Cornish race, and by no means Sassenaoh. (Cheers.) Fhey maintained their own language. Until the seventeenth century sermons were de livered in Cornish, and in the present century men who still lived bad spoken to people who talked the Cornish language. They only aban doned it, the prettiest of Armorio dialects, for tbe vulgar tongue of the Sassenach so as better to get at them. (Laughter) Coming to still more modern times Oornuhmen were more or less interested in the Portuguese embroglio, because in the twelfth century thoy helped the Portuguese against the Moon. They had main tained their own laws in some respects, and still bad their Miners' Stannary Courts, and Mr. J. B. Neales introduced Cornish mining laws into this colony in 1866. The Cornish laws were made at Truro in a Parliament at which the Stannaters were represented. And if it hap pened that the British Empire were broken into fragments, which God forfend— (loud cheers) — there was no part which had a better claim to a home Par liament than Cornwall. Cornishmen had been twitted about their moors, but the heaths of the Cornish moors were the most beautiful in tbe world. There were no more beautiful valleys in the whole world. He had seen hydrangeas, myrtles, fecosias, geraniums, and camellias, growing most luxuriantly; certainly they never grew eo large be yond tbe Tamar. (Cheers ) Cornishmen had one disadvantage, thf-y could not ekate because there was no ice. Bat they made up for that by supplying tha foreigner with tbe early fruitB, and by getting bis tin eo benefited their pockets; He would not talk of their fisheries, their copper and tin industries, their porcelain clay, or their antiquities, the cromlechs, the mono liths, the circles, and other remains of primeval times far more interesting than any other in the island, nor of the pluck and endurance of the Saltash women, except to say that the crew of which Anna Glanville was stroke, and whioh he bad Been, would, he believed, have beaten any crew of men even with a couple of men extra. (Cheers). He, however, boasted of the Oornish piskies, far more loveable. gentle creatures than the fairies over the Tamar. Their ghosts were terrors— (laughter) — and he well remem bered how numerous they were in a churchyard through which he had to pass with a bramble bush tied behind him, which he feared he would lose every moment, and so be carried off by the ghosts. (Laughter.) The Cornish loved fair play. They did not kick in wrestling in his time, although be had been told that the Devon people had somewhat corrupted them tince. It was even said that a congrega tion on wreckage intent would £wait for the pareon so that hemight have a fair start. (Loud laughter.) He would refer to some of the Cornish worthies. There were Sir Humphrey Davy, Trewithick, Tangye, Butler, Noy, Opie, Foote, Elliott, and the Earl of Chatham. Lawyers came from Cornwall, and Mr. Justice xtaller, one of the greatest of English common law jadgeB, was a Gornishman. There wbb no roll on earth more glorious. And they could talk of their families — the Arundels, the Trelawneye, the Godolpbins, the Pitte, the TrefusiseB, the Boaoawena, and tbe GranvilleB, many of whom were now in the peerage. (Cheers,) When it came to fighting Cornifibmen were always there when wanted. Had not Sir Richard Grenville in the Revenge, with .half his crew sick, gone out sg∈&t; 50 Spanish ships and killed more than four times the number of his own crew before he succumbed ? (Cheers ) Did not Sir Edward Pellew in the La Nymphe, with a crew of which two-thirds were raw Cornish miners, go out and bring in tbe French frigate Cleopatra? (Cheers.) Historians often showed that Oormsbmen formed the reserve, and many times turned tbe tide of battle. If aU the Englishmen had fought as well as the Oornishmen «*he country wonld have been saved for Charles the FirBt, who in an autograph letter thanked the GorniBhmen for the valuable services they had rendered without reward. That letter was as follows:— ''To tbe inhabi tants of the county of Cornwall --We are so highly sensible of the merit of our coanty of Cornwall ; of their zeal in a time when we could contribute so little to our own defenoe or to their assistance ; in a time when not only no reward appeared, but great and prob able dangers were threatened to obedience and loyalty; of tbeir great and emi nent courage and patience, against so potent an enemy, backed with so strong, rich, and populous citieB and bo plentifully furnished and supplied with men, arms, money, ammunition, and provision of all kinds ; and of the wonderful success with which it pleased Almighty God (though with the loss of some most eminent persons) to reward their loyalty and patience by many strange viotories over their and our enemies, in despite of all human probabilty, and all imaginable disadvantages ; that as we cannot be forgetful of so great desert, so we cannot but desire to pub lish it to all the world, and perpetuate to all time the memory of their merits and of our acceptance of the same ; and to that end we do hereby render our royal thanks to that our county Lin the moBt pablio and lasting manner we can devise, commanding copies hereof to be printed and published, and one of them to be read in every church and chapel therein, and to be kept for ever, as a record in the same, that as long as the history of these times and of this nation shall continue, the memory of how much that county hath merited from ue and our crown may be devised with it to posterity. Given at our camp at Sudeley C&Btle; the 10th of September, 1613.' (Cheers.) The Oomisbmen were a small population — about the eame as that of South Australia— and they occupied a small portion on the earth's surface ; yet he said that on the face of God'B earth there did notexiBt, there never did exist, and judging by the tendencies and cir cumstances of the human race now there never could exitt a nation so sparse in population and with such a limited country with so long continued and so glorious a history. His Excellency waB loudly cheered at the cIoeb of bis speech, which was brilliant and effective throughout. The Hon. J. H. Gobdok (Minister of Edu cation j proposed 'The OornUh Association.' He had to apologise for being a Scotchman, but he bad done his best to remedy that defeot by marrying the daughter of a purebred Cousin Jack. (Laughter.) The faot that the association owed its immediate inception to the efforts of the Acting Governor Mr. Justice Bouoaut, to the popular editor of The Advertiser Mr. Bonython, to tb&t; eloquent divine Mr. Rowe, and to that able politician Mr. Rounsevell, waB euffiiient to insure a successful career for it. (Cheers.) Some people said that such organisations inteifered with the national aspirations of Australia, but he held a different opinion. He contended that people were none the leas useful and genuine colonists because they cherished memories and traditions of tbe land of their forefathers. (Cheers.) They had listened to two of the finest 8peeob.es he had ever heard — delivered by their presi dent, Mr. Justice Bouoaut, and Mr. Bonython —having reference to the ancient history, folk lore, and prowess of the CornubianB, and having listened to those admirable addresses he felt proud to think that Welshmen, Oorniehmen, 'and Scotchmen all belonged to the Celtic family, (Cheers.) Their association would serve as an excellent treasure house for storing up such sentiments as they bad heard given vent to that evening, and from the bottom of his heart he wished it every success. (Cheers.) Mr, W. B. Rounsevell, M.P. (one of the vice-presidents), in responding, said their president had afforded them glimpses of the past history of Cornwall, whilst their vice president, Mr. Bonython, had given them an idea regarding tbe beauty spots of Cornwall— spots which many of them had not had an opportu nity of seeing— (hear, hear)— but which they loved, nevertheless, for the sake of tbe old aiso ciatioDB. (Cheers.) They had been asked what waB tbe object of the association? Well, it wai the outcome of an old West of England adage — ' Blood is thicker than water.' That was one ot the reasons which actuated its formation, since they felt that there were hundreds of GomiBhmen throughout the length and breadth of South Australia who were unknown to one another, and they felt that if by touching the electric cord of kinship they could bring them together it would be a potent factor for good through out tbe colony. (Oheers). He hoped the gathering was an index to future gatherings, As they knew some of the noblest men the world had ever seen had been poor, and they thought thac if some of their kith and kin came out here from the old oonntry, and had some one to whom they oould apply, and who wonld encourage their energy and honest woik, that a great deal of good oould be effected. (Obeers.) With aims each aB these he felt that they were bound to succeed, and the glorious auspices under whioh tbeir asso ciation had been inaugurated, he thought, augured well for their future success, (Cheers.) Sir Hiket Aiebs proposed 'Fish, tin and copper,' in a humorous speech. South Australia owed the development of her prin cipal mines to Oornishmen. There was an element of wealth in Cornwall which the trainers of the toast had evidently forgotten, viz,, agriculture. IS'o men in South Australia were more devoted to agriculture than Cornish ncen. They made excellent agriculturists, and one of tbe greatest eonices of wealth at present was tbe daily transmission to London during the early season of potatoes and marvellous cauliflowers. {Prolonged cbeera.) Captain M. Pzzble, connected with the Moonta Mines for about a quarter of a century, and Captain W. H. Mobish re tponded. The Rev. G. E Rows proposed — ♦? Oar adopted home,' to which Messrs. J. Weolook and ft H. Lathle&k; responded. The toatte of 'The press.' proposed by Mr. Thomafi Harry, and *'Tneohairman'conoluded the proceeding*, whioh were most enthusiastic. Daring the banquet Metars. F. Kingston, Gr. E. Harvey, and J. J. &barp; contributed songs, in an *i-jo-*ble manner. Mi. Thomas, ? genuine Gorni»hmaa, tang ' dhall TreUwney die?' with telling effect, the company heartily joining in the chorus. Mr. G. T. Michell played the pianoforte accompaniments to the songs. Tbe catering was most sueoeBsfnlly carried out by Mr. F. BrioknelL 