SOME CURIOUS INVENTIONS. I A contributor to tlio .W/c York H'oru! has been amusing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions stored iu the Patent Oflice nt Washington. Many of them are amusing, ami some decidedly A 'rUVCTICAW.K UA11Y AND A HKAUSTIC COW. There arc, perhaps (the writer tells usi two thousand toys iu one division of the Patent Ollieo, and one of tho latest and craziest curiosities is a doll babv which sucks the bottle. 'Hus doll is patented by a German, nud it consists of a ‘loll babv sit tint; on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk ou a little table in front of it. A rubber tube, connects with tho glass pipe which runs into tho bottle, and, going into tho mouth ot the child, runs down behind and through the doll into tho pau. By means of a syphon, whit'll comes out through tho doll’s head, machinery is set to work bv which tho doll begins to suck, and tho milk flows up iuto its mouth uml out into the pan. Auother toy of^ much the I samo order is the toy cow, which can bo milked. Tho cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. Tro inventor states that the action of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and be 1ms in addi tion an iron wiro which connects with the jaws of tho cow and runs back to this tauk, so that she chews her cud while being milked. PATENT CATS. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in l,SSI. It is a cat of pnste-bouul or tiu for tho purpose of frightening rats or mice. . Tt is to be made in a sitting posture, and it is paintod over with phosphorus, so (hat it shines in the dark like a eat of lire. Another eat, equally funny, is a patent sheet- iron animal, which is worked by clockwork and has a bellows insido it which swells up it> tail to the size of tbo maddest of Toms. It properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight eaterwaulm-s, and it has iu addition steel claws and teeth. You ■wind it up, place it ou your roof, and set it howling. All the cats iu tho neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned daws kill.every ono it strikes. rOKCINR HENS TO J.AY K<S«S. There is a patent miiehino hero for forcing liens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Jinny ot the patent heus* nests have live or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, nud tho innocent lieu drops her egg on u trap which lets it slide down into a box beueath, whereupon tho trap springs back and the nest is ready for a sonmd laving. Thoro is one branch of the patent ofiico known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses’ tails as well as cow’s tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a \ unUee who has invented nu adjustable false tail for horses. ADJUSTA1II.K PULPITS. The lover’s gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be lowered and raised to suit the sizo of the lovers. On tbo same principle is the adjust able pulpit, which will tit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. UKAl’TirUL NOSES. The patents to make women beautiful arc numerous. The nose-improver is one of tho most curious of these pateuts. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. .1 lie shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman, or tireeian, as you prefer, and it docs all its work at night. The patent states that the noso should be lirst well bathed in warm water nud thou greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this tho im prover is to bo attached, aud the person using I it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat ; painful; but this wears ofF in a few nights, and tho soft cartilage of tho nose soon begins to assumo tho form of tho beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a hraml- nnw nose, which remains with you until von get tired of it, when you buy a different stylo of improver and come ; out in a new noso quite diflerent from your j last one, but still beautiful. I AUTI1TCIAL (i HOSTS. Luminous harness has been patented, so i that a horse being driven nt night looks like | a sheet, of lightning. There are luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare . a wav grave-robbers. After every great grave-robbery metallic eoiiins come in by tho score, and 1 looked at ono eofl’in surroumled by bars of wrought iron, binding tho casket ! and extending out from it at such a distance : that when set in tho earth it would he impos sible to move it except hr a derrick. 