AN INTERESTING ART COLLECTION'. WORK FROM THE CARMELITE CLOISTEHS. The art work c-xecuted by tho Carmelite nuns of Marriekville, and which is exhibited for sale at the bazaar now being held in the city, affords striking evidence that the holy Frenchwomen who form the pious little community of the picturesque convent overlooking Cook's Eiver have well preserved the artistic traditions which have made so many of the old-world convents so famous. Amidst all tne cnnicumes ana anxieties inseparable from the establishment of a new Order and a new convent in a strange land, and with so much of their time devoted to prayer and meditation, it seems almost incredible that the Sisters could have been able in their 'few snatched moments of scanty leisure ' to complete so much artwork of such admirable quality, work involving not only immecse patience, and labour, but demanding for its proper execution cultivated talent of a high order. We all know what ' wonders in embroidery, miracles ia lace and marvels in illumination ' the historic convents of older lands have given to the world, and althou^L the work under notice may not come under the head of the marvellous in art, it is of a kind which should inspire a feeling of pride among the Catholic community that such a convent as St. Theresa's at Marrickville, and such nuns as the Carmelites exist in our midst ' to leaven and quicken our everyday life of worldly ambition and material progress,' as the Cardinal Archbishop felicitously remarked at the open ing of the bazaar on Monday, 'with the ennobling example of their lives of self-sacrifice and labours of love and holiness.' Most of the work of the Sisters' hands for sale ab tho bazaar was, we believe, executed after the initiation of the pre sent charitable undertaking. The Nuns have supplied quite an art gallery of pictures, nearly all ia oils, and the subjects for the greater part are sacred. There are two or three very beauti ful Madonnas, a couple of exquisitely-painted pictures of St. Theresa, and several finely-painted representations of the Crucifixion, and familiar scenes in the life of Our Divine Saviour and Our Lady. Special mention should be made of the painting of the Blessed Peter Chanel, the Martyr Missionary of the South Seas, and the other pic tures worthy of particular notice include an excellent copy of thf- famous Murrilo 'Assump- tion of the Blessed Virgin,' the Descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostle3, and a copy of an old master ' Holy Family.' The principal paintings are fair size canvases, and with one or two ex ceptions the artistic merit is beyond question, the detail work in the majority being remarkable for delicacy. There are also some daintily painted miniatures, and eoine admirable examples of illumination. Not all the skill and taste of the Sisters has, however, been lavished on the pic tures, for the capabilities of the Sisters in art needlework, embroidery, and velvet and satin painting are shown in the collection of ecclesias tical vestment3. Some of the vestments are simple in design and material, but the greater put are extremely rich, and the work exceed ingly fine, the ornamentation of the chasubles ia particular being of a kind rarely seen in the colonies. The Cardinal, by the-bye, remarked on Monday in his speech that the specimens of il lumination and miniature work, he had seen exe cuted by the Carmelites of Marrickville rivalled work of similar character which was the boast oE convents and monasteries in Europe. Besides the oil-paintings and the vestments there are a number of ingeniously- designed religious ornaments, two iu particular, a miniature grotto of Lourdes and a model of Mount Caroiel, attracting special attention. The bazaar is well worth a visifc, if only to inspect the work done by the ' saintly hands in tho silant cloisters,' and aa all the pictures, the arb needlework, and the orna« ments are to be disposed of before the affair closes, the proceeds in this department alone I should b3 considerable. Thoae into wliO3O handa I the work of the Sisters falls will have reason to congratulate themselves, for apsrb from the legi I timate value of the articles themselves, there is a special interest o£ a sentimental nature attaching '. which Catholics cannot fail to appreciate. 