[?] Her Majesty's Theatre, London, has. been sold for the purpose of erecting- a hotel ;with»mimerous" shops in front. The dismantling will, .commence. in Septem ber next. Gilbert and Sullivan, the famous pperettists, have dissolved? partnership for- the - present, with; the inten- tion, it is said, of again joining forces at a later date. The Marquis de Leuville lias been committed for trial on a charge of having incited certain men to com mit a riot at' the Princess' Theatre, on November 30th last, by paying them money to hiss an actor, who, in his opinion was .got -up so us. to. impersonate; him on the stage as a villain. There ; were 97 recognised companies on tour in Great Britain, on the 19th April. . A new theatre is about to be erected in Ipswich. In the old theatre of this town David Garrick made his first appearance, and Mrs. Kecley, .then Miss Coward began her dramatic career ; whilst in later years Mr. J. L. Toole made his deb&t; cm its boards. Mr. F. W. Millis, the Australian ventriloquist, is doing a very successful " turn" at the Trocadero Music Hall, London. : It! is said that the gross result of the thirty week's engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Kendal in the United States amouuts to £82,500. Mr. Irving took iii moi;e money, but his expenses were heavier, and his profits lighter. ; An American Dramatic Author's Society has been organised; the plan of which is to protect native dramatists :from dishonest managers, and :.what are termed " play pirates." Mr. Bronson /Howard ! has been elected president. Clarance.Holt and his dramatic company are playing " New Babylon" at the Princess', Glasgow. Horace Lingard is playing "Falka" at the Royal, Colchester. An' interesting discovery has been made in. Manches ter. While looking over some old manuscript music in the shop of Mr. Cornish, the bookseller, Dr. Henry Watson came upon several manuscript copies of works by Mozart, Which further examination convinced him to be for the most part in the composers own liaud- ' writing. Among the manuscripts found are two con certos written by Mozart when a child, and several numbers from the opera " Mithridate," composed in Milan in 1770. The latter manuscript is without doubt in Mozart's own handwriting. The copies are in capital preservation, . and the notation is clear and good.- The discovery, it is said, was a mere accident, yet it was from the same collection that the original score of The Messiah," now in Buckingham Palace, was brought to light about twenty years ago. Booth and Mod jeska are playing to enormous busi ness at the Chicago Opera House Miss Minnie Palmer's engagement at ; Manchester has been attended by a serious accident to her husband, Mrl: 5". R. Rogers. " Yoiir's merrily" was out riding on the 18th April, when his horse fell with him, break ing liisarm, and injuring his head and leg. The Actor's Benevolent Fnnd has distributed in relief among actors and actresses, their widows , and orphans, the sum of £600 17s. 6d. since January, 1st last. The number of persons assisted is 373. Buclcstoiie's old drama, "The Green Bushes," written in 1845, was re-produced at the Adelphi Theatre, April 19th. Mrs. Bandmann- Pultner is playing in ' Mary S tuar t, " at the Grand Theatre, Islington. Mr. Willie Edouin is playing " Our Flat " at the Strand Theatre., Mrs. Edouin's health has improved by her late visit to Mentone. Miss Nellie Farren and Mr. Fred. Leslie are appear- ; ing in a series of matinees of a new comedy, " The Anonymous Letter," at the Prince of Wales' Theatre. Mr. Fred. Lyster, well known in Australian operatic circles, has definitely entered the literary arena, and assumed the sub-editorship of .New York Truth,' under Mr. Dalziel. According to latest advices there were performing at the Trocadero Music Hall, London, ho less than four old Melbourne favorites — Miss Kate Chard, the charm ing vocalist; F. W. Millis, ventriloquist; the'Borani Bros. , contortionists ; and Joe E. Cheevers (late Cheevers and Kennedy), character impersonator. The Donaldson Brothers, who recently arrived in London, are appearing , at the London ..Pavilion and Cambridge' Music -Halls, -and creating a 'furore with their marvellous contortion business. Miss Emily. Thome -made her first- appearance ' in London; since her return from Australia, at the Prince of Wales, as Mrs. Obadiah Vanderhone, in " Cerise and- Co.'," a new farcical comedy by ' Mrs.'rMusgrave. Iii' the ' cast were also Miss Myra Kemble, Miss, Lottie Venno, and Miss Sylvia Grey. Miss Kemble" as Lady Kilkenny , played with sweetness and grace, and looked well in some becoming costumes. i j . Married, March 22nd, at Brighton, Ernest Clifford, of Melbourne, Australia, to Miss Nellie Gylmqiir, of London. 7 ' We are indebted to the San Francisco 'Music'and Draniaiov many items of interest to Australian readers. From. its. columns . .we-learn - that — The Barton Opera House, which is in course of construction in Fresno, , will be one of ..the finest appointed theatresInCalifornia, and will- place that thriving town in a pbsition to com mand a larger and better class of attractions than here tofore. It is being constructed of stone and brick, and its appointments will be elegant and complete. Its dressing-rooms as well as the stage arrangements are first- class, and the entire structure is planned by its projector with a view to the comfort and conveni ence of visiting professionals as well as the public.' Eleanor Carey was to play the leading female r6le in "A Dead Heart" with James O'Neill in Chicago, where the play was to be presented May 25th, at Hooley's Theatre.2 Fred. De Belville and wife have gone to'Europe'for a four month's trip. While in Belgium they will visit De Belville, Sr., who is an officer in the French Army. Mr. De Belville will be a member of Chas. Frohman's company next season. James Garden makes- a strong character out of old Noah Lcaroyd in " The Long Strike" in San Francisco. Several members of Daniel Bandmann's Company are reported as having retired from that organisation on account of "the ghost" being cast for Hamlet," and therefore neglecting his other duties. ; D'Orsay Ogden, a former well-known manager of America, arrived from : Australia by the mail steamer " Mariposa" on the 12th April, after quite a prolonged "exile in that part of the world. The great war drama, " Shenandoah," a play which'," written by an American dramatist, Mr. Bronson Howard, is a thorotighly American one, treating of one of the most important contests in American his tory, has set all American hearts throbbing, and is incoutestably one of the greatest successes of modern days, the author receiving more American money in royalties than any two or three playrights ever re ceived, for one work- in the same . time. Bronson Howard is a dramatist, pure and simple, and has nothing to do with the finding of the means for the production of his pieces. He conceives and writes them, and gives his attention often to the selection of the acting company, as he has done, in the case of. "Shenandoah;" but he goes no further. Ordinary dramatists receive from about £15 to £30 a week in loyalties for successful plays. Mr. Howard has re ceived as high as £734 in one week in royalties from two companies playing "Shenandoah." At the Twenty-Third-Street Theatre in New York his royal ties have often been over £334 a week. In the past seven months lie has received from Al. Hayman nearly." £9000 in "Shenandoah" royalties. No other play has ever earned this sum for its author in this time. Young dramatists ought to keep their eyes on these figures. They brighten the vistas down which struggling authors1 are always looking for the coming of fortune. It means untold wealth for them if they write the right kind of play. But it must be another "Shenandoah." They must take Bronson Howard's masterpiece for their model and try to do something just as good, at' least. Mauagcr Al. Hayman was in Paris at last accounts, but was expected back in London for a month's rest before returning to America. The two leading mana gers of America, as managers purely, are now Al. Hay man and Dan Frohman. They are fast distancing even Palmer aud Daly. A new inducement to! cigarette smokers in Chicago is the presentation of" a divorce certificate with every package of cigarettes. The Sothern Family seem .to have developed wider histrionic talent than their father had. E. H. Sothern is a serious as well as a character actor. Sam Sothern betrays, a higher class of comedy talent. In tlie mean time, E. H. Sothern is making a fortune and a reputa tion. in his "Lord Ghumley," and it is not by force of bis father's popularity either. 1 - W. S. Gilbert is in a cast-iron transpiration as is making his own life and that of his -acquaintances and friends miserable witli his acute agony at the know ledge that Francis Wilson has presumed to introduce comedy into " The Gondoliers" and ta,ke liberties with the Gilbertian text. As is the rule with Mxv Wilson, he has elaborated the somewhat diluted humor of Guiseppe with broad buffoonery and successfully bur lesqued the subtle satire of the great. author. Gilbert, tlie grandee, is therefore in the depths of despair and curses American comedians in his usual poetical and effusive manner. One of Australia's native-born actresses, who is now winning great praise for artistic work, has the singu larly appropriate name of Alice Player. The young lady plays the leading roles in the Dan Barry com pany. /; .. v \ ' x .rr.' , . Mrs. Langtry spoke the prologue at the. opening of the new theatre built on the site of the old Richmond Castle. Mr. Templar Saxe (who sang in Melbourne ' with the Amy Shenvin Opera Company) sang the first ballad. 