Effect of Poisons. One of the most mysterious of physiological phenomena is the influence of minute quantities of certain substances when intro- duced into the circulatory system. The wonderful effect of vaccination is familiar to all, and even more remarkable are the terrible results produced by a mere trace of saliva from a hydrophobic animal—a poison which, apparently, remains dormant in the body for days or weeks, and then suddenly springs into fatal activity. Similar effects follow from inoculation with the venom of serpents, but in such cases the poisonous effects occur almost immediately. Even more powerful are the poisons used by the natives of Africa to render fatal the wounds made by their arrows, as described by Mr. Stanley in his recent work on Africa. These, when fresh, are of most extraordinary power. Faintness, palpitation of the heart, nausea, pallor, and beads of perspiration break out over the body with extraordinary promptness, and death ensues. One man died within one minute from a mere pinhole puncture in the right arm and right breast. A headman died within an hour and a quarter after being shot; a woman died during the time that she was carried a dis- tance of a hundred spaces; others, in varying spaces of time up to a hundred hours. The activity of poison seemed to depend upon its freshness. The treatment adopted was to administer an emetic, to suck the wound, syringe it, and inject a strong solution of carbonate of ammonia. This carbonate of ammonia injection seems to have proved a wonderful antidote if it could be administered promptly. One of the poisons with which the weapons are smeared is a dark substance like pitch. According to the native women, it is pre- pared from a local species of arum. Its smell, when fresh, recalls the old blister plaster. It is strong enough to kill elephants. This poison is not permitted to be prepared in the village. it is manufactured and smeared on the arrows in the bush. All these phenomena are certainly wonderful and unexplainable; but, for that matter, there is hardly any action taking place in the living body of which we can form any satisfactory conception of the true nature.—Popular Science News Ride long, unbridled years, ride long, While morning glory tints the hills; Ride to the rhythm of the song Brave youth hath shapen into trills. Oer champaign bright, with ringing hoof, That mocks the buried city's dust, Beneath the wonder-spangled roof, Ride on before young life can rust. Love's chiselled honours stand as gods Afar where sea and heaven meet; Think not what lies beneath the sods Can make the ride less long or fleet. Then ride, unbridled years, ride long; Nor look what follows in your wake— A shadow may unnerve the strong, A ghost can ee'n a hero quake. —Charles Mackenzie When a man starts out to lecture he puts on a dress suit. When a woman starts out to lecture she puts on a nightgown. 'Love will come in love's own time,' warbles a poet. And that is what makes love remind us so much of a hotel waiter. 