THE GENUITNENESS ANDA..UA THENTICITY OF SCRIPTURE. A' course of Lectures preached in Wril liamstown, 1889, by CasnionSerjeant ."ie ready alwayvsto give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you."-1 PE-r? iii..pt.: 15. WVsAT can bIe cleair, 'wli tt plainer, than the duty prescribed in the passgee just read as our text:i' Nothing. It is to.be feared, howeverei that it is one whichli t ahe mjority of professing Chris tians heed but little. -This ought not so to be.: I speak as to wise men, judge ye what I say.: Even in the apostolic age false teachers hli-d arisen. There were meh'of corrupt mniids- -ealously engaged in spreading gievious errors among thle flock of Christ. . The cosn verts and disciples of the Lord Jesus then could fully understand the neces sity of being ready with an answer to every nmai requesting a reason of the hope that was in them; nior- ?ould ey fail to. appreciate the f tisdom of . inpliance with an admonition such. idual nm bei of'the'Chuerch to the preparedness adverted to,how:mu stronger the obligation which devolves upon us now, when the potent influence of their presence and the witness of their living voice can no longer be invoked, to "sbe ready " with. our de fence of: vital doctrines on which rest our ho0pes of salvatioi and icceptance with God. : Saibbath after Sabbath we assemble inuthis church for thewoirsliip of ouri Maiker; :and, stainding here before His :all-seeingi eye,?'a e. repeat our belief in Him as God, the:t thlir Alinighty, Creator of hepven aidl'earth. We procliiiu our belief in Jesus Chriist, His only Son our Lord;; in His mirae ulous coinception anrid bitrlih of a .pure virgin ; His crucifixio ::and death ; His resutrection on the third: day, and subsequentt ascension, to "glory.: We declare also our-- belief in the'' Holy Ghost, and, as- a consequence. of His in dwelliing in the lhearts of Christ's. people, "'the coiammunion of saiints;" in the gelieral resurirection of.dead men, and the life eve drlasting. Tlii or some other equivalent summary, rof the cardinal truths of Christianity, we have iterated :;iid - reiter?ted,. almost ever sinice we. were capablC.of speech, as our creed. Now'-l; w is: it our, creed? : If.: sceptic ?- if: someone troubled, perchadnce, ý itlihreally hoinest doubt-1-ere to put to -any; oi-e of::us' this question, how slihouild we inniswerit? Most "of my heireis, iprobably,o,wb uld make reply to the effect that they held these tenets, not merely because their fathers' liild held them (though :tli1at might possibly be with? some ' a sib onlinate' reason); . but because they Iad understood them to be derived froin thn Bible as theiir soui?e. rVery wel.l Thit respoonse may be considered good enough, I thinik, so fai as it goes. But its is obviously: defective:; it :iht? suffice, :.were t?he interrogator ai esabmislied iChristiain professoi ;but not so with regaud to the objecting or harassed inquirer -e' have supposed. Before' -he could ' be brought ;to acknowledge its foice he' would expect thel fuirtlei infoirnitioii :.obi what grounds you ventured to :cll: this pairticular 'voluii?e the Book of God. He would .sargue, naturally, if 'it' be thus sacired in its origin, and tlherefore iinvested ivitl 'the=. overwvlelming iiu thorit-.you claini foi it, thereinust be some proof of the fact thliit, should'be. fortliconiinig.: - Where is it Wh.Wli-t is it :The object of the lectuires initiated to-night, iid whlich, if God periiiit,'?re to be continued for thel iiext five :Stui dlay eveiings is to present lhe irequiied links in the chain of evidinlce or wiich lias been bised our convictiond tlidt this " Book of books" is indeed the eniiman tiois of -;Divine '.WVisdnoma''?lone-`a revel tio?i thi-k hal co ide doioiwn froili the tlrolie to us' imen, i Hing;: for its end the glory of God, anhd tlhe salvation of our fallen,. sin-strlicken ::nice: In dependenceithen, on the accompanyiig aid of that Spirit ivitihouta-cli i notlh ing is wise, notliMng is strong ;oaid, let vie add, in the assured lhope?tlthit :the effectual fervent prayers of n:ot a few aissembling wcithin these 'wills will bie ascendinmgto the Triune of Go iin our behalf:l: ie whonow :::i addresses :you Tlhere is -mprelmminaryobserv'ation of imiportaiice to hliicli I desire for 'diai iistant to direct youS titte~~ tioli: u It is this Jeus and His iapostlesappelt'to the Old Testamnlte: Scrisptures als the' Word of Godi.' They interweave the listory and precepts contained in those Scriptures wilts their own teachingmii such i nin miuiehtld.t both fiust neces sasily stand or fdll togetlher .Thitus, the Saviour gave this direction to the Jews :: "SearchL the Scriptures" (indis putably the Old Testament), ".for in tnem ye thinik .ye, h~lve. eternal life d they are:tlihey tlnit testify of Me (Jolhi, v 39). On anothler occlsion He remarks: " Had ye believed Moses, ye would lhaue believed 31e, for he wrote of )fe. But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe Mywordls " (Jolhn, v 46, 47). He introduces into His discourses - the events which h:ave been found most open to the cavils of the infidel, and declares, "All things must be fulfilled which are writte in tin lhe law of Moses, and in the prophlets, and in thIe Psalnls, concernig M1e" (Luke xviii 31). No one, I am sure, will hestitate to concede to us that Christ, by declam tions such as thlese, nratified the canon, mud set His seail to the inspiration of the writings referred to. Thie qluestion, then, with which we have to deal, if this point be adrlnitted, resolves itself into this: Is the religion of Jesus of Nazareth, as exhibited and developed I in the New Testament, a revelation from- heaven ? In other words, can the several treatises and epistles of which it is composed be shown to have been written by the mlen to whom they are assigned I And had they their origin in tile dictation and thie super intendence of the Spirit of God ? Such are tile theses I have to discuss: and ats I am to expiate in a field of inquiry which thousands hIave tm~avered. before me, I dare loto, and do pot-, iarrogate to myself t!he nierit of inveltitve origin ality, Thle aim of .your minister is simply to present in a condensed form the result of his readings for the in struction and benefit of those, in God's providence;, committed to his charge. He asks you'withl all candour to bear that in mind. - (To be Continued.) 