in Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLABK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXII.—{continued.) CONCLCSIOK. At last, one morning we found ourselves in the English Channel, bowling over the green ridges of it before a strong south-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the brave little barque Star of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East India Docks. Down to that very moment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore she arrived on deck and approaching ' Laura, exclaimed : " Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." ' ' Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta ? " < Bister asked. «No, I choose to be independent. I eh&U; go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which she had stopped with Colonel Hope- Kennedy when she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In all probability I shall return to Melbourne, but not it present." She extended her hand coldly to her «ister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, but her pride was stung ; disgust and amazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last; I ever saw of Lady Monson •m«de naaed along the qmf ' *- * • • *—[oett^ior- «îd easy as though^ «tgnptuously clothed, Mid in the full pride of her beauty she ..rod the floorof a ball-room, the scores of sailors, labourers, loafers who thronged •lie decks turned to a man to stare after 1er. A strange and striking figure -ndeed she made, habited in the dress which she wore when the jS7wwfc foundered, Mid which, as you may suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a long voyage. The brown veil concealed her features and to a certain degree qualified the outlandish appearance of the sailor's grass hat upon her head. "So!" said I as she disappeared, and now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We bade a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and his mates, and to Finn and Cutbill, both of whom promised to call upon me. I had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next -day I would communicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we Had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and his mates that 1 might send them some token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel within an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took possession of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited in me by the familiar rooms, and by the Reeling that I was once more in London, with no more runaway wives to chase, no more Dutchmen to fire into, no more duels to assist in, no more volcanic rocks to split upon, and'no more galleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awakened from some wild and vivid dream whose impressions continue so acute that the familiar objects his eyes, open upon seem as phantasms that must presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my next to address a letter to Wilfrid'ssolicitors, in which I acquainted them with the loss of .the Bride and "the death of my cousin. ; Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know. J asked after bis - infant, and requested them to tellmë if the child was still with ihe lady with whom my cousin \- - - - - - - - - j doubt Wilfrid had informed them of before sailing. - I spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about what she was to do until ehe had heard from her father, to whom she told me she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the h(>teIj *'K» as to lose no time, Charles. She hai l» relation^ in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of that ; with whom was she to live then 1 Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house she was not a person with wham I could have, desired the girl I was affianced to to be long and intimately associated. The notion of her returning to Australia âlone was not to be entertained. There seemed nothing then for it but for me to overhaul the list, of my connections, to make experiments in the direction of relations, and endeavour to find a home for her with one or another of them until there should some day arrive a mail from Australia giving me leave to take her to my heart. Well, it was next morning that I had finished breakfast and was sitting musing My mind was. fall of the past I reniember looking around me almost increlulously witiTeyes that still found the iamaî»furnitnretrf-myiwmiinrêal and indeed almost impossible, listening with eattifchat could «scarcely acceptas actual thé txaiirfonnafcion of the roar and béat and wash of-the seas into the steady hum of 'ceaseless traffic in the great London sàto which the street I occupied Years iuud elapsed it seemed tittj&a; i Jbt& night when my servant had 'infancy ithexparti hands, hfe posture as he sank his head upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. " Come in." The landlord entered: a thin, iion-grey, soft-voiced man who had for many years been butler in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discovering that he had married a woman of geniuB in the shape of cook. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. "Muffin ! " I whispered. " That was the name he gave, BIT," he exclaimed, astonished by my amazement. " Muffin I" I repeated, scarce crediting my hearing ; "describe him, Mr. Cork." "Aclean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a coal-blackness, looks down when he speaks, sir, seems a bit shaky in the ankles; a gentleman's servant, 1 should say, sir." "Show him up, Mr. Cork !" I exclaimed, doubting the description as I had-the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments the door was opened, and in stepped Muffin!—the Muffin o the Bride. Muffin the ventriloquist, Muffin the whipped and ducked, and, as I could have solemnly sworn, Muffin the drowned ! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, holding his hat with both hands against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted into their familiar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow face shone, his hair was as lustrons as the back of a rook ; he wore large loose black bid-gloves, and he was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way of shocks, severer for the moment that tells more sfcartangly upon the whole nervous system ifau the jrfMtHqrwitii a liiâÉ^frii^ monthsbelieved dead. I was tm-J able. to speak for à few momenta. I «hranV back in my chair when he entered, and in that posture eyed him whilst he stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in his attitude .respectful regret for taking the liberty of intruding. " Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, and so you are Muffin indeed, eh? Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." So I suppose, sir!" he exclaimed, " but I am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit ; he put his hat under the chair, crossed his legs, and clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented by his strange appearance, produced a fit of laughter in me. The image of his radish-shaped form, half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Cutbill grotesquely apparelled compelling him to keep time, recurred to me. You seem resolved that I shall believe in ghosts, Muffin," said I; "and pray how came you to learn that I was saved from the wreck, that I had returned to England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ? " "Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them." Sir Wilfrid ! " I shouted, is he alive?" Oh yes, sir, and very much better both in body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, sir. He would have called upon you himself, sir, but he's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." J jumped from my chair and fell to pacing the room to work off by locomotion something of the amazement that threatened to addle' my brains. " Wilfrid alive ! " I muttered. " What will Laura say to all this? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon him, "what you are telling me is a miracle ! a thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the yacht go to pieces ! nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four ' or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape ? " He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who had died upon the island, was perfectly right in saying that he bélievèd a number of men had nished I» «ne of the boatsehortly after the tag^^'it^jj^nidci. rmy»elf,remember being fcâlèi by agang of people Hying aft in the blackness. Muffin was one of them. The white water over the side enabled them to see what they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of whom was Muffin. Hie yacht was then fast breaking up. The men,' to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled on every curl of sea, headed out from the island 8training their hearts at the oars ; but they were again and again beaten back. There were but five oars, and Muffin and one of the seamen having nothing to do, sat crouching in the stern sheets. Suddenly a figure showed close alongside crying loudly for help, Muffin grasped him by the air of his_head, the other fellow leaned over, and between them they dragged the man in. It was my cousin ! By dint of sustained and mad plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of the wreckage, bringing the white line of the thunderous surf on the island beach upon their quarter ; they then gave the stern of the little fabric to die wind and seas and fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn broke they were miles out of sight of the rock. À day and. a night of dead calm followed ; they were without food or water, and their outlook was iorrible; but at sunrise on the third day they spied the gleam of a sail towards which they rowed, and before the darkness fell they were safely on board a large y.ngliRb brig bound to Bristol. Such was Muffin's story. He said that Sir Wilfrid, on being toll it was Muffin who had rescued him, promised to take him bade Into his service on He added that my cousin entirely lost the craze that had possessed lnm concerning his bulk, and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had liberated him, and with lus sadden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Crimp came very near the truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names of the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir ? " said he. . !«»o,' r I replied. _ " AndCaptainFinn iesaved too. fin, But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified he was very sorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand. He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than 1 had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as clear as my own. It seemed to me that the shock of shipwreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure, strong traces of congenital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrelevant loud laugh, the boyish eagerness of manner, with now and again the passing Bhadow of a darkening humour. Fora long time we seemed able to talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very delicately and vaguely referred to the delusion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to me - to instantly quit the subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touching devotion to him whilst they were m the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering him from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a little awning. He asked tenderly after Laura, and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon him that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable f them to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said I, a little nervously. " Oh, you told me she was Baved," he answered languidlv; then, after a pause, he added, " Where is she ? " " She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, I presume, she is still to be found." His face .flushed to the name of that hotel ; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yes, As is of those who tetom to their bonnet." " As regards Lady Monaon, do you mean ?" « " Well, she is stall your wife, and what concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." " 1 shall not meddle with her," said he making a horrible grimace to an involuntary twitch of his gouty foot ; "she can ; do what she pleases." "She talks of returning to Australia." " Let her go," said he. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her ! Had he but waited a few months, disgust and aversion would have grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding the blood of a fellow-creature—he would have preserved his noble yacht—but then, to be sure, I should probably never have met Laura ! _ His eye was upon me while I mused a little in silence. My solicitors advise proceedings in the Divorce Couit," said he, " but I say no. I certainly should never try my hand at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might answer her purpose very well indeed ; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." You will have to maintain her." Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answered with a curious smile. Wilf," said 1, "she may fall very low, and then, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawful wife, -and play the devil with your peace and good name." " I am not going to free her," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London ? " said I. " I am waiting till the gout leaTes me," he answered, "»and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Kennedy's Mends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and childless, but he has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground he trod on, and thought him the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I atai charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." Humph," said I ; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory Î " "Pooh!" he exclaimed, "one never hears of seconds being charged. " Yop^wili- takô baby wit& y<HV r I He answered no. During his absence a cousin of his had lost her husband, a colonel in India. She had arrived in England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked Wilfrid, to help her. He had arranged that she and the girls should occupy his seat in the North and take charge of his child. This in fact had been settled, and Mrs. Conway and her daughters were now installed at Sherburne Abbey. On hearing this it instantly suggested itself to me that Mrs. Conway would provide Laura with the very home that she needed until we heard from Mr. Jennings. - Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; lie was delighted ; he loved Laura as a sister, and Ids little one would be doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here was a prompt and happy end to what had reallythreatened to prove a source of perplexity, and tndeod in some senses a real difficulty. And now to end this narrative. A fortnight later Wilfrid went abroad to travel, as he said, in Italy and the south of Fiance, and with him proceeded Mr. Muffin. During that fortnight Laura and I were frequently with him, but it was only on the day previous to his departure that he mentioned his wife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand manner he aBked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give himany news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the hotel to which rate had gone on her arrival. She had .not written to her aster, nor had she communicated with Wilfrid's solicitors. However, about a fortnight after I had returned to London from the north, whither I had escorted Laura, there came a letter to my-lodgings.addressed to my eweethearb. handwriting fo be Lady Monson's. I for-, warded it to Laura,-who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and stub s vessel to Melbourne on. the Monday following, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a description of the volcanic island and thegalleqn on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and excited .moch attention and brought me many letters. But fgr that «tide - believe I should have heard, ho more Do wling and Head. Itchanced,ho that my acoountofv»the island was repti lished in~ a West Indian journal, and think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of & vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me 4t the office of the journal in which my narrative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in dose to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards informed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dbwling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooneryacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expectation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indistinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded. to thé Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this the volcanic rock subsidëd and vanished off the surface of the sea, after the usual manner of these' desperate creations. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful comparison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared- very Bhortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book ef a vessel named the Martha Robinson showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not A prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one raofiiifg received a letter fixmi nwdariiag fem believe her ears when a setthtrtt tunfe » tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. He had taken it into his head to visit England, both his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was almost brokenhearted, «so Laura wrote, when die told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a bluffy hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He apiroached the subject of insanity with a iluntness that somewhat, disconcerted' fee. I assured him that so far as I could possibly imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a bell ; an observation upon which I thought I had some right to compliment myself, for to be suspected of being "wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I must say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it came from, he regarded me with a keenness that was at times not a little embarrassing. Laura and I had been married two years when we heard of Lady Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Austxalia, but in one or two letters we had received from him he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then came a missive in deep mourning. Lady Monson was dead. She had been received into the Roman Catholic Church, so wrote the father in a letter whose every sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in his tears. She had, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her days and nights to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill ; two nights later she was delirious. She brojie from the grasp of her attendants and inarched with stately step, singing, in her richcontralto voice as die "went to nprar .«hfcB&er;: bedroom, where, planting herself beffo: mirror she fell to brùsmng lier richWd beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with a shriek to the groundTwas carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. THE BND. IK STEPPED JTOim ! 