?f)t Jty&neg; áHorntoff $traHi. Tü£SDAT, OCTOBER 28, 1890. THE Earl of Hopetoun and the Earl of Kintore left Melbourne yesterday for Sydney to attond 'the farewell banquot to Lord Carrington. Tnr. Victorian Cabinet decided yestorday to reduce tile number o£ Mounted Rifles Bad Rangers in bamo-t in view of the strike boinT almost at an end. A DEPUTATION waited on the Minister foi Educa- tion in South Australia yesterday to urge that the Education Act should bo altered so ns to provide for undenominational religious teaching in tho Fublio Bohoola. Tho -Minister replied that ho could not consent to euch a course. lit Brisbans a number of union officers are desirous of returning to work, but their services aro not required, as tho shipmasters refuse to discharge tiloso at present in their employ. OK Friday, in Adelaide, tho jubilee of the in- stitution of municipul corporations in Australasia Vf ill be celebrated, Adolaide boasting the first muni- cipal corporation, which was formed in 1840. TESTEBDU-, in Melbourne Mr. Tronwith, M.L.A., at s meeting of trades unions, moved a resolution that the Government should extend its position as & public carrier by securing tho management of the steamship traffic, Tho reso- lution was carried. TITE London Times yesterday announced that tile strike in Australia was virtually over, and con- siders that the end haa come opportunely, prevent- ing tho contest from extending to England. IK Newcastle a strong feeling prevails that the strike boa been mismanaged by tho officials in Sydney. TEsiEnD-T, at Clifton, about savon froe labourers, who returned by train from a visit to Sydney, foil into tbe hands of the unionists, and wore assaulted and injured to some extent. Ms. JosErs MiTonr.Lt, has again been ap- proached in the miners' interests, and has con- sented to receive back most of bis miners on tho former terms provided they apply forthwith. This öfter will be considered at a meeting to- day. AT Carrington, soar Newcastle, a public meeting «n held I.Bt night to forra a Parliamentary Labour League. A resolution was carried to arrange for a conference of delegates from tho various labour societies in the district to dooide on a labour platform, and to nominate candidates for election. ONE of the speakers considered that it was high time that the working men had an association to watch over their politic- interests, and sond men to Parliament who wera in touch with the working classes. TBF. returns from tho men at the various collieries in Newcastle with regard to the motion in favour of a resumption of work have been sont In, and they show a majority in favour of resuming work. Tun Newcastle Coal Trimmers' Union met yes- terday to disoura the present situation. It was decided to send a deputation to Sydney to interview the Labour Defence Committee with regard to tho courte to be pursued by tho Coal Trimmers' Union. AT the Supreme Court yesterday counsel for tho defendant« in the case of the National Firo and Marine Insurance Company of Now Zea and v. A, J. 8. Bank appealed in supuort of a rnle nisi to enter the verdict tor thom. The Chief Justice waa of opinion taat the verdict ought to stand, and Mr. Justice Windeyer und Mr. Justice Innes con- curring, the rule waa refused. THE electric lighting plant has been received in Newcastle, and tbo oity will probably be lighted by electrioity before Christmas. AT Dubbo yesterday a long-sentence prisoner named Williams made an attempt to oscape. The warder on dnty -red two abets at him without effect. The man was captured after a short abase. AT the resumed inquest yestorday on the late Aro in Pitt-street, Mr. Evan Jones, a jury man, ob- jected to Mr. Trotor Jone, being sworn in M a witness, on tbo ground that matter irrelevant to tue ciuss or origin of tbo lire, such as evidence showing tho insufficiency of the water supply, ihonld not ba allowed in tbe inquiry. The Coroner pointed out that it waa tho wish of the department that these mattera should'bo gooo into. Two steamers havo loft Melbourne in search of the steamer Ago that was disabled off King's Island on Saturday last. Mu. HAYNES, ono of the members for Mudgee, addressed a meeting at Gulgong last night, and in tho course of remarks ou tho political situation predicted that tho Govornmont would hare a mnjority of from 10 to lo on the motion of cousure, as many of the Opposition were averse to intcrruptiug publio works now in progress. TUB bpuaker, referring to tho strike, said that tho solution of all labour difficulties was co-oporatinn, whereby working men would get eome sf the pro- ducts of thoir labour over and abovo their nore wages. YFsrrmvDAT* at Richmond a little girl, 9 years old, died from injuries received from being run over by a train on Saturday last. Tim man undertaking the fast at the Bondi Aquarium «as yesterday found to have doeroascd in weight 01b. YESTBIIUAY afternoon at the Temperance Hall a solo of work was opened in aid of tho Surry Hills Homo for Intompcrato Women. A lY.n-icii warship, the Dubourdieu, was re- ported on tho coast yosterday. She ia expected at this port to-day, from the island». O.sD of the British-India Company's steamers, the Nerbudda, anchored last night in Watson's Bay for modiiil ineueetion. The wool ship Derwent sailed far London yesterday. This morning the Orient Company's R.M.S, Orient is due at Sydney. 1I.M.S. COHDKLIA arrived yossordayfrom a eruiio to the South Sea Islands. Sha has shelled a num- ber of native villages in the Salomon Group by way of puni.hment for the massacre of the crews of tradiog vessels. YESTERDAY tho IÎ.1I.S. Orizaba took her depár- tate tor London, and will leave Adelaide to-morrow week. Lord and Lady Carrington and suite join the ship at Adelaide ScvHiiAi, marina officers in Melbourne have re- turned to the employ of Messrs, Howard Smith and Co. Mr- .TAMES M'FIIESSOK bas loft Melbourne for a trip to America. One of the objects of his trip is to meet Mr. Edison in conucoiion with matters affecting tho futuro of the phonograph in Aus- tralia. THE M.M.S. Salazie on her voyage from Sydney to Melbourne, alter parsing Gabo, bad to contend against strong gjles and tremendous bead seas. THE shipping difficulty in England is increasing and sorious trouble is OÏ| ected. At Liverpool, two of tho largest Atiantio steamship companies have resolved to lock out the unionist seamen on their VOS'BIS. THE secretary of the London Seamen's Union do non that he advised a struggle to be precipitated with the Shipping Federation. Tu 13 evening, at tho Centennial 'Hall, the fare- well banquet to Lord Carrington takes place. Tur. Russian police havo discovered Nihilist printing offices at Odessa and Toiikersa. A search rovoalcd a number of seditious pamphlote. Trm Times hints that the London Dockers' Union is on the vorgo of bankruptcy. A ri-BT.io meeting was held at tho Town Ball, St Leonards, last ovening, to urge the claims of North Sydney for bridge communication with the city. BUSINESS was brisk in tho mining market yester- day, and prices showed some improvement, Trm Customs revenue rooeived yesterday amounted to £6730. The strike is evidently crumbling away. K tho procesa <i£ rapid disintegration con- tinues, there should be very little loft o£ the conflict by the end of the week. When writing on the subject a, few days ago, we strongly urged tho strike leaders to lose no time in sending the men back to their work. The opportunity of doing this, thoy, with the unwisdom which has guided them throughout, allowed to slip, and now the men hare taken matters into thtiiv own banda. Through- out the struggle they bave shown a mag- nificent loyalty to their le.iders, and it must have required a profound distrust of their leadership to induce them to ignore their authority, and to act far themselves. For this distrust, however, there has been ample warrant, and now we see the results. Although tho strike is, ofllcially speaking, in full force, and its officers, with an intrepidity worthy of a better cause, telegraph to London that they aro " certain of ultimate success," in fact, and in the plain meaning of woid» the struggle is near its and. We reported its termination in New Zealand a fortnight ago. Yesterday our Adelaide telegram told ns " that the strike is grudually dying out ; work all round ÍB going on quietly." In Melbourne the strike lenders aro all at cross purposes. The marine officers are making terms for themselves, and the other mari- time trades complain bitterly of their desertion. In this city many wharf labourers and seamen aro seoking to return to work, irrespoctlvo of their leaders and their unions. Even in coal- mining, which has hitherto been the citadel of the labour cause, there are symptoms showing that the struggle is practically over. The Lithgow miners, who discontinued work most reluctantly to take part ia a quarrel in which they had no practical interest, have now returned to their work. This would probably bo the case also at Illawarra but for the violent proceedings which so much irritated the ownors, and indisposed them to come to any terms with the men if they can by any means carry «n with non-union labour. There has been evidence that the feeling prevails strongly among labour circles in this district that the strike was a mistake from the first, and that measures should be taken to guard against a similar course being adopted at any future time without the men being fully consulted. At Newcastle, too, the miners have taken the control of events into their own hands, and havo decided by ballot in favour of immediately resuming work. If the anticipations suggested by oil those circumstances are borno out, our supplies of coal will soon resume their ordinary abundance, industry of all kinds will return to its wonted channels, and the strike, with all of its excitement, its waste, and its suffering, will be a thing of the past. __ j Considerable light is thrown on thecausos whiob havo operated to bring about this sudden collapse by the curious and candid revelution» made at Newcastle by Mr. Tnoitsox, minors' chairman at the delegate board, as reported in our issue of yester- day. It would have been more gratifying had Mr. THOMSON been uble to tell us of a strong dosiie for peace on the part of the labour leaders, a wish to aparo needless and useless suffering,'a spirit of saga- city and humanity' atoiving to bring the contest to an end. What he actually told us was wholly different. His account, as we get it repeated by the Lambton delegate, Mr. MASON, is that the " striko was practically at an end, in con»«riuence of tho dissension between tbc delegutes in Victoria and in Sydney." The former presumed to seek a conference with the employers without consulting the latter more bellicose spirits, and henoo the discord. Many subsidiary causes wore mentioned. Thore was the desertion of tho marine officers, the difficulty of ob- taining re-employment owing to ^ the abundant supply of free labour by which they were all so much surprised, the ready supplanting of the miners , by non-unionists, tht) largo demanda for funds and the growing BcantineM of the /« supply, and '(ha consequent resolve of the Trades Council to "give the whole thing up, and get the men of all trades back to work os soon as possible.'* It is obvious that all these roasons might be stated in shorter compass. The strike is given up because it has failed OB all sides, and this conclusion ia reached by the leaders, according to Mr. THOMSON, exactly con- temporaneously with the deipatch to Lon- don of the telegram by Mr. MuitPHr, of the Melbourne Strike Committee, making the courageous declaration that they aro "coitain of ultimate success." It is yet itoo early to attempt any estimate »f the loss and havoc oausod by Ikfe prolongation of this destructive crisis, Enormous , as it must be, and keen as the suffering which it must entail, yet so great is the elasticity and tbo recuperative power of thei-e colonos that could work be once fully resumed, and all the wheels of in- dustry Bet'in full movement, the worst pecuniary effects of oven this great calumity Avould be speedily effaced by tho bjgh tide of proBpeiity which resumption of our suspended industrial activity would help to bring about. In these tolonies wo enjoy au ample margin of «»sources. We are accustomed to great fluctuations of the conditions of prosperity, j After all, bad as are the merely coetmcroial conaequences of the strike, they aro as nothing comparad with tho losses sustained by this colony ira a year of detractive drought, We have known what it ia in New South Wales to loss twelve millions of sheep in a singla year, and yet, under the in- fluence of genial seasons, have speedily recovered oír ordinary prosperity. It is only in accordance with probability to hopo that we may similarly regain what we have lostby the interruption to trade and industry caused by the strike. That this may be so, it is diiofly essential that the moral conditions which the struggle so violently disturbed may regain their former normal equilibrium, What is wanted above all things is ', that the relations of mutual cotfldonce and reoiprocal inte- rest betweea employer and employed may be Bpeedily restored. There need be no difiicultf a>ont this if peace is effected in the trio ' spirit of peace, and if ondeavouiB aie made on both sides to establish a genuino reconciliation, and not meroly an armed truce. On this subject some excelleat remarks were made tho other day at a meeting at Wollongong held to stonie help for the distressed minors. On that occasion ono of the speakers wasreported to bave " blamed the labour lenders for inducing the mon to ceaBo work without compliance with their agreements. Ho maintained that this course had done the cuuse great barm : though temporary advantage might have rosultod from ouch high-handed and illegal proceedings, it would recoil on them- selves to their great detriment" And he ended by * advising an effort being made to regain he confidence of employers by an ampl< confession of wrong-doing in ¿he matte:'' Certainly there is no class so muoh interested in restoring the confi- dence in tjielr pledges and agreements, now shattered by their own acts, as the men theraselve. It is for the time being utterly useless fa them to tender the most solemn engagements or agreements as valid se- curity, wiile it is still so freshly remem- bered hov, when it suited their ends, they treated al such pledges as empty words. Their firs'object ought to be to endeavour to regain the confidence of their emploi- ers and of thl general community, which they have for ¡ne time forfeited. To do this, it ia eaaertial that they should act on différait " .thies'' from those which have lotjly been promulgated on their behalf. If this object is pursued in a proper sprit, there aie many influences by which is attainment will be assisted, There have been repeated proofs through the struggle of a great deal of good feel- ing between the two sides, which even the bilicrness of conflict could not wholly testroy. Many suoh were afforded by inoid-ts of kindly mutual assistance during ile incredibly foolish strike of the shearers and again between employers and met at the Illawarra mines, till they were reldered impossible by the ruffianly outrage! at Bulli. If these good feelings, the reeilts of years of friendly co-opera- tion which have been for a time suspended, may bexelied on when peace is restored to bring ajout a return to the old comfortable relatioi-, it is probable that a sense of greater [confidence and security will grow up fron the improbability, which will increase in strength as time goes on, of any recurrence of a similar general strike I tor many years to come, When I ilio men return to work and con« to look on this wasteful conflict with other feelings than those of war, they will SID that the struggle was a terrible blundej from the first. They will be able to renlie the lesson the strike has taught. They rill reflect on the ascertained and unexpected strength of the other side, on the Boious eriors of their own leaders, on tin foot that a general" strike must _nl to bring the whole community into th| conflict as a foe to those who pro- voked _, ' Oil the assumption that men must __ossarily sooner or later accept the teachings of reason and experience, it is not lol much to hope that the struggle now ealing will havo taught a lesson, the conseqjences of which may in the long run prive to he worth all the cost and Buffering hy which the lessen was accom- panied.' ^____________ General BOOTH, the founder and organ- iser of the Salvation Army movement, appears before the British public with a scheme for what he calls the reclamation of the masses. Judging from the outline of his proposals, we understand him to indicate the material alleviation tion of their condition. Hitherto he has aimed at the improvement of their social state, chiefly by means of religious influence ; but his experience, which cannot fail to have been considerable, appears to have impressed him with the well-ascertained fact that their material circumstances have a good deal to do with the moral and religious instincts of the great body of the people ; and, like a judicious philanthropist, he sets about acting on this conviction. His idea, as announced, is to raise the sum of one million pounds for the twofold purpose of establishing farms in proximity to the city - presumably London - on which families drafted from the overcrowded town popu- lation shall be trained in practical husbandry and of subsequently transferring those so trained to England's colonial dependencies. It is not stated whether he means to confine his efforts to the vicinity of London; but the probability is that he will launch his scheme there as a tentative experiment, and, in the event of success attending his efforts, will extend its operation to other large cities in the United Kingdom as circumstances and the necessary means may determine. The undertaking is gigantic in its proportions, pre-eminently humane in its objects, does infinite credit to the heart that has conceived it, and the only question concerning it on which men will hesitate to pronounce is whether, in a business point of view, it is practicable. It ought to be observed here that it is not always wise to apply the test of ordinary calculations to the projects of a man of Mr. BOOTH'S enthusiastic temperament. A person who has the fullest confidence in the mission he maps out for himself, and possesses the power of inspiring others with his own indomitable spirit and un- flagging zeal, often carries with him from the very inception of his reformatory measures the command of ways and means to an extent that exceeds all reckoning, not to say expectation. It is this enthusiasm of humanity that accounts for the marvel- lous success which followed the religious movement inaugurated by JOHN WESLEY about a century ago ; and, though his modes of action have been considerably departed from by Mr. BOOTH, the secret of the astonishing results attained, financially as well as otherwise, is yet in both cases the same. It need, therefore, occasion no surprise if the amount which Mr. Booth stipulates for as requisite for the floating of his new scheme of reform should before long be realised. The work which he has already accomplished bespeaks for him public confidence, and the sympathy which many of those possessed of wealth must feel with the fresh direction his re- forming energy has taken, will incline them to yield him substantial aid without hesi- tation. For this enterprise, as they can- not fail to see, touches Very closely the question as to the leverage best adapted to lift the multitudes in our large cities who are sunk in poverty, ignorance, idleness, and frequently in vice and crime, above the influences and circumstances which tend perpetually to depress them, and to render the bettering of their condition apparently hopeless. And, without pronouncing in any arbitrary way on this difficult problem, or wishing to speak disparagingly of any other remedial plan, they must on reflection feel assured that the best safeguard of even the social and religious improvement of the masses must be found in their having a healthy occu- pation and a comfortable home. This, accordingly, is the result which Mr. BOOTH'S scheme is designed to gain. It moreover points in the direction of finding a practical antidote to an evil which in these days engages the thoughts of all concerned for the national welfare - namely, the tendency of the rural population to be attracted towards a city life, without reflecting on the anxiety and misery they may be thereby subjected to in consequence of the flooding of the labour market, and the resultant uncertainty of their finding employment. This is a growing evil, inseparable to some extent from the commer- dal and industrial changes which are taking place in all countries ; and any enterprise possessing advantages sufficient to induce those who suffer most from the hard exi- gencies of an abnormal city life to migrate back to a rural residence and employment is sure to commend itself to the approval and support of the friends of humanity. For these and similar reasons it may be anticipated that the project of Mr. BOOTH is not likely to fail from lack of encou- ragement and monetary aid. It is, however, the second part of this proposal - that of sending to the colonies those who are trained at the reformatory farms - that we are more immediately concerned with. And here there is no room for hesitation as to the result For, whatever data Mr. BOOTH'S expectation, that the colonies will give land on which to settle his emi- grants, may rest on, it is quite certain that they will one and all decline to entertain such an arrangement. The plan of sending from the mother country the least desirable of her surplus popula- tion, drawn from her reformatory institu- tions or her city slums, under the pretext of conferring an advantage on the several colonial communities, was in past days too much acted on to be pleasant. From that somewhat selfish species of philanthropy the colonies are even yet suffering, and any re- version to the system is sure to meet with a determined opposition. That the desire to renew it exists is manifest from a variety of incidents, among which this part of Mr. BOOTH'S scheme is in evi- dence ; and only quite recently it consti- tuted one of the principal obstructions to the granting of a constitution to Western Australia. True it is that in some form the colonies cannot altogether escape the disadvantages of this infliction. Families in the old country who want to get rid of their incapable or uncontrollable members contrive in some way to commit them to our keeping, and our gaols and asylums bear testimony to the large addi- tion thus made to the population. That, unfortunately, we cannot prevent. But to anything like a systematic trans- ference to our shores of the reclaimed masses, even when certificated from Mr. BOOTH'S reclamation farms, the colonies are sure to inflexibly demur. And, after all, why should the old country be deprived of the benefit of these whom she has had the privilege and cost of trans- forming into useful members of the State ? Instead of sending them to the colonies, where they are not wanted, it were surely better to arrange for placing them on small homesteads in the United Kingdom, by subdividing some of the large estates which in the present condition of the farming industry it is difficult to lease in extended areas. But while objecting to this portion of Mr. BOOTH'S scheme as im- practicable and certain to result in failure, we cannot speak too highly of the general scope and aim of its leading features, and shall cordially rejoice with all good men on hearing of its being attended with the success it deserves. In the interests of Waverley, correspon- dents have been objecting to the charges made on the tramway lines between Sydney and that suburb, and more par. ticularly on the sections of the line beyond Woollahra. This illustrates a very com- mon feature of our locomotive system. We have been accustomed to hear requisi- tion» for railway extensions, with assur- ances that the lines would pay. Yet no sooner bas the work been constructed and opened for traffic, at ratea probably GO por osnt, below those whian had been charged by less efficient means of communication, than there is an outcry against the extortion of the Government. It does not matter whether the particular line pays or not. The Government has no right te charge more than is paid on any ¡ similar length of railway. And un- fortunately the railway management has conceded far too much to unreasoniag clamour, charging rates on various lines too low to give remunerative re- sults. Something of this character is the demand for a reduction of rates for new tramway extensions. Because the residents between Sydney and Woollahra only pay 2d for travelling on the tramway, it seems to be assumed that the charge for the ex- tension thjnca to the easterly terminus should be on a Uko, basis. The Commis- sioners have no doubt, seen it to be necessary that a' somewhat higher |rat« should ;ba fixed with,' a -flew 0 to awure-p»y«ble -results from th. necessarily smaller traine, which can bo obtained from more SDaraely-popiJ suburbs. It will not be denied that some- thing ia to bo said in favour of prometía.. settUment in distant suburbs, by means of low fores. To the importance of BUOII a policy it may bo assumed that the Com missiouers «re fully alive ; and they will not do amiss to admiuiator the tramways as fur as possible in accordance w..__ it. Still, the lines have to be fa¡rlT administered in the interests of the bulk of the people who l.V8 in the centre rather than of the fow who live at the outskirts. In the interests of the country the aim of tho Commisaionow is to make tho tramways pay. It. ^ interests of the metropolitan population this should be aohieved by a. fair regard to tho claims of the people usinj; tho different sections. Only in this way will thoro be anything .y., justice done to the various city ana suburban populations concerned. If iii» yot too early, however, to sanction a re duction of the fares to particular Buburba every year will bring noaror the tims whon the growing population will warrant a chango ia tho deoired direction. Mean« time difïeronliul chargos on various lins. and, indeed, on different sections of the same line are necessary if all persons con« corned are lo be treated fairly. It is cheering to notice that, even after the reckless destruction of the paBt out codar forests t,how signs of re-eatablish ment The Director-General of Forests has just examined the large reservo in the north, known as the Don Dorrigo Forest and reporta the iresh growth of thousands of trees in that locclity. For this we have to thank the beneficence of nature, not any past exertions of our own; buttha mere fact of Mr. EDNIE ¡Bnovra's presence there proves that we are at last awaking to a sense of «ur want of forethought. The onslaught made on the cedar forests of Australia has, in manV cases, almost amounted to a war of extermination. Not far north of the reserve visited by Mr. BUOWN, in tha scrubs on the heads of some of the Queensland rivera, not a cedar tree is to be found where formerly there wert plenty. In the far north they have boen cut down, nnd the logs loft alongside the river's bank to be rafied down whea the wet season sots in. An unex« peoted flood has como down with tropical violence, and thousands of pounds' worth of timber has been hurried out to sea. The forests of New Guinea have been preserved as yet by the accumulated dangora at- tendant on the pursuit there, but that will not olwayB prove a safeguard. The work being done by the new Forestry Depart. ment, though by no means ostentatious, promises to bo of solid benefit to tho country in preserving for future use some of our most valuable timbers. From America como loud complaints of the lasting injury that has, there been wrought by unsystematic lumbering. Even the vast foiobts of that great con- tinent cannot 'stand the ceasolesa drain made upon them hy the demands of the world's industries. When such an im- pression can bo created there ia a compara- tively short timo, how muoh more shall we suffer with our greatly limited area unless steps Buoh as we are now taking are per- severed in ! Coupled with tho preservation of cedar, it will probably soon bo found that many of our hitherto neglected tim- bers have a special value for cabinet making and numerous trades, which will increase as the supply of necessary timber dies away in otuer countries, Already the Western Australian jarrah ia coming into favour in England for street paving, and the adaptability of many other species of our indigenous woods for various commercial purposes will doubtless soon be proved, STANLEY claims that his last expedition throw open to the world an unlimited forest reserve ; and if wo do not seek to rentore as we destroy, the discovery has not been made many years too soon. It is, then, gratifying to learn that, so far, any damago done ia not irroparablo. Tire banquot to Lord Carrington, which is to take placo this ovoning at tho Town Hall, pío mises to bo a brilliant success. The osocuuve com. mittoo held itB final mooting yesterday, there being a full atteodauco of members. Prom the repulís given in it is considered that tho groat ball will be taxed to tho' utmost of its seating capacity to accommodate the colonists who bave signi- fied, their intention of being present Speeches will bo dolivorod by Sir Henry Parkes, who will propose tho health of Laid Carrington, and by Mr. G-. B. Dibbs, M.L.A., who will epeak in support of the toast ; tho Chief Justice (Sir Frederick Darley), who will give ti» health of the visiting Governors-tho Earl o£ Hopetoun (Vic), tho Karl of Kintore (S.A.), sod Sir Henry Norman (Q.) Tho lollowing gentlemen will also epeak to special toasts :-The Mayor (Mr. §. Bnrdokin, M.L.A.), Sir John Robertson, Sr Patrick JenntogB, Mr. 0. E. riloher, au, and Mr. a, H. Boid, M.L.A., tho last- ? named proposing the hoalth of Lady Car- rington. An efficient stiing band will give a suitable selection of music, and tho grand orgia will also be brought into requisition. Matters hat« been so nrrauged that goutlemen attending tilt banquet will approjeh by tho 0eorgc-6treot entrance and pass through the vestíbulo into the Centennial Hall, the usual cloakrooms and attendance being provided. Tue Mayor, in conjunciioa with the executive committee, will receive his Excellency it tho main entronco, Goorgo-street, at 7 p.m., and tin banquet will commence at 7.15 eharp. Ladies will approach by tho Druitt-Btreot ontranoo ana occupy the northern, eastern, and southern galleries and also the orchestra platform. With tho exception of the vice-regal party, which will consiet ot Lady Carrington, tho Couotess of Kintoro, and Lady Kobinson. no seats havo been allotted, but > lug* Bluff of ushers will' bo in attendance. It bas been thought unnecessary to provide cloakrooms for lb« ladies, The Mayoress has placed her reception rooms at the disposal of tho committee, and in order that ladies need not leave their soats, it hat beta arranged tbut light refreshments shall he iandod round during the eveaiog. Tho gallorics will lie reserved for the ladies absolutely. IT is expected that their Excellencies th» Governors of Viotoria, Queensland, and South Australia will arrive at Sydney this morning ia order to be present at the farewell banquet to bj given by the citizens of Sydney to Lord Cat" rington in th» Centennial Hall this evening. , le» event is to bo tnado worthy of the occasion. Ac oordiqg to arrangements mado, Sir Henry Par«* / will propose the toast of the evening. A MEBTISO of the Cabinet «as hold yesterday. All the members of tho Ministry wero' prwent excopt the Oolonial Trensurer, who is on u visit t» Bathurst As far as can be gathered no busmen of publia importance was transacted. Ministe», adhering to time-honoured political rule«, refrained from discussing proposals while a motion of cemnr» ii ponding against their policy. THE weekly meeting of the Executive Council, usually held at noon on Tuesdays, has th« weea boen postponod until tbo eamo hour on Wednesday, ' It is und rstood that so vera! sentences of dea« passed upon criminals will reoeivo consideration « to- morrow'B mooting. Wuon the State »usine« has been dispo-ed of his Excellenoy will present the medals and certificates of the Australian Humane Society to residents of Now South waa» who have cither saved or attempted to tare li» from drowning in the waters of this colony. Ii is understood that Mr. Bruce Smith, tit Minister for Public Worke, will not leceiv« »ny further deputations BO long as tbo volo of censar« to be moved ugainet tho Government by the loaaer , of tbo Oppositioa remains undecidod. Tun Minister for Mines and Agriooture has » oeived the following telegram from Mr. Georgs , Mauniell, warden at Pambula :-» f|f««w» « lea«- continu» in a small way ¡ Wl-JWS number appUedfc*. . Th«» it a loaroit/of frtcW-j I ! u_. «a s difficulty-» «"«n»"* mm7 f* **?? I ¡fi? up rÄnlstion. of Slat March, hi,understood that Mr. Egoson, for som« tims J^ed with the Sydney Obsert.tory, is now dis 2S horn that department of the public ^.ur. batches of tender» wer. opened by the jXl Comonaelonera yesterday. Seven wore S for the installation of the electric light at r-Jtrllng Harbour sheds ; for the widening o Í» suburban lin» between Macdonaldtown and Morihsm 21 offers wore received i for additions to Sob, S.ationfl«. were received; for the orne Xa«tationm»stcr's resident at 1 owral there -C sine leaders, and for tbo supply of 200 screw «pliega the number of tenders received waa fiTT£STHUUY afternoon Messrs. Fletoker, Abigail, "J Tonkin, Ms L. a., accompanied by Mr. Hoskins, reoottaowr, interviewed Mr. Bruce Smith, the «¡suter for Public Works, anl a-ked him whether «ut iron pipos to be used in tho duplication of the "ter maia» betwean Sydney and Potts Hill oould Mt be manufactured within the colony. The oueslicn led to di'cussion, but it is umlerstood that ¿"defiaite aniwo'r woe given to the deputation. ACCOIIDIXO to the progress now b.ing made in indication vtoik, it is anticipated that the Illa- warra railway will bo widonod and in use on the Mcasion of oclobrating tho nest birthday of the Trince of Wal .&, Tho Commissioners ora oonfidont thatadoubloliuoof rails will havo boon extended lo Waterfall by nest Easter. Jin. J. EDDIE Bnowx, tbo Director-Gonoral of Forests, who resumed duties at hi» office yesterday, *U »bsent from Sydnoy on a tour of inspection Btdi fhroogh the timber roservos on tho Twcod, CUwao», Biohmond, and Mac'ony Eivers, exactly ron month.' During that timo ho inspectod moro Una s million aores of exceedingly rich forest MODtry, and in eo doing travelled over morp than 2000 Biles. In tho course of his journey Mr. grown met with the following trees :-Cedar, leik, bean, rosowood, beach, sycamore, scrub »opie, fig, maiden's bluBb, pine, tallowwood, bloodwood, ironoark, mahogany, turpentine WODI ljburt, blockbutt, yellowwood, yeal-yeal, lignum vltic, hickory, leather- jacket, onion-wood, chorry, Md others. Tbo most important reserves inspected »ne Talgrun, Sandilands, Dunnoon, Don Dorrigo, ita the Bellinger. Mr. Brown collected in eaoh cf these districts a large amount of information which will be of valuo in the futuro administration of Us Forestry Department. Owwo to the fact that his Excellanoy the Cowmor and Lady Carrington and family sr« re- turning to England by thj Orient line HIL a Orizaba a muob greater interest was taken in tbat ' tleaiier'a departure yostorday. The vico-rogal party weat on board tho vessol in the forenoon and ¡wild over tbo quarters prepared for tboir occupa- tion dating the veraga, The company has by re- metía»; bulkheads between eome of the staterooms nMe idrairablo provision and the apartments aro elegantly furnished. Tboy wore much admired «aieiday and Lord Carrington oxpre3aod himself well pleased with the arrangements. The Gover- nor» children oraborked yesterday, but Lord and Lady Carrington are to join the ship at Adelaido to-morrow week. Tho Hon. Rupert Carington md the Post uasier-General, also Mr. Justico Stephen and Mr. Cracknell accompaniod lord Carrington and family on board lie mailboat, snd looked through the staterooms, under tho guidance of Captain G. F. Dixon. Tbo I ihip was the picture of good order, everything ?boat her being as taut and trim as on board an I idtniral's Bhip. There were a great many passengers on board for Melbourne, but a smaller numbor ihan amil booked through to London. No doubt the great racing carnival at Melbourne attracted a good many passengers. In the lilt of throngh passenger« to London is the manag- ing director of the Orient Company, Mr. J. Boll, who, with his son, joins at Adelaide. Mr. and Mrs. M'Qaade and family have booked for London, and ii» Miss Cox, daughter of Dr. Cox of St Leonards. Another of the Orient Company's steamers is to sniro here today, tho B.M.S. Oriont. She is ex- pected early at Circular Quay, taking the berth nested by the Orizaba. It is eight months since H.M.S. Cordelia, which arrived here yesterday, was commissioned at Hong- kong lor this station. The vessel has spent most of the time at the Solomdn Islands and New Guinea, and now comes to Sydney to be docked. Her crew have enjoyed first-rate health, but are nevertheless glad to reach Sydney after their long stay in the tropics. The report reached here by the Cordelia that the native King of Treasury Island, than whom there are few better known chiefs in the South Seas, died last month. The Cordelia called at the island, and the obsequies were then being proceeded with, including the burning of the late monarch's remains according to native custom. The Cordelia called at Suva on her way down to Sydney, and the crew were granted general leave there. A very successful entertainment was given by the Cordelia's company at the Fijian capital. Br tomorrow's mail steamer for San Francisco the Countess of Kintore and son proceed, and special arrangements are being made on board the I1.K.6. Alameda for their accommodation. There an fewer passengers than usual, but tbe number will ha added to at, Auckland and at llouo.ulu. TU Alameda is taking tho first shipment of this ?euoa's wool clip to the United States. She will haft 600 bales, and there is a fairly large assort- ment of other products. TUB final term of tho present year opened veitaday, their Honors the Chief Juetico, Mr. Jnatice Windeyer, and Mr. Justice Innes constitut- ing the Bench. Tho business was confined ti tbo hearing ef motions nisi, of which a considerable number was dispo*od ol'. Bules nisi were granted ia M'Qnth v. Lazarus, and~*Ackrayd v. Campbell Tie Utter case was one in which the plaintiff «»vetad £'Í00 as compensation for an injury, inflicted to one of his eyes by s branch of a hawthorn hedge, vthich was growing over defendant's fence in Bonral-street, Bowral. The point whioh is to be argued on behalf of defendant ii, that as the hawthorn orlgo existed at tho timo ïewraktreet was dedicated as a road, tho publie aid plaintiff aï ono of thom, accepted the dedication, Eabjcot to the bodge which was found growing crer the land. In Tamblyn nnd another v, Stephen and another the rule was rofueod. Tns principal matter dealt with by tho Full Court yesterday, and one whioh it of considerable interest to the mercantile community, was tbo appeal of tha defendants in tbo aotion National Tiri and Marino Insurance Company of Now Zealand v. A. J. & Bank. It appeared "that a firm horn aa Jennings, Pickering, and Co. owned two wiela, which tboy mortgaged to the bank. The »eistle "ero insured in the namo of the mortgagees, and the mortgagors gave two promissory notes, ach tt Bli months, for the premiums. Il» actes were; howovor, dishonoured, and the Iuarance Company thereupon gave notice to tho , Mt that tboy claimed a portion of the premium «P lo £131 Ide 8(1 and had cancolled the policy into the following proviso :-" Provided always, na it is hereby aureed, notwithstanding anything »the contrary heroinbeforo containod, that the com . m should be entitled at any timo to cancel tha ¡»hey ao long as the actual cash tor the premium * «ay part thereof havo not been reoeived, by pring the insured, or his executors, adminis- trators, or fermittod assigns notice in writing." t??/Ma oaicollation the company shall bo «nulled to recover the proportionate amount of the premnim for the period of timo during which the faî* in ior00, Tll° contention of the defen ciatbatk was that tbey wero not liable for the {««.urne, even although the polioy waa iesuod to «era as mortgagees and tboy had reoeived tbo »*o». A formal verdict was, however, returned lor plaintiffs in tho amount claimed, and defendants J» moved to havo tho finding cet oBÍdo. Tho Wart «fused the rule, being of opinion that as the aeiendanls muBt bo assumed to have considered at ".I ,. ,í.at lhB f**ct** wsro entirely against thom li* rr-Vher8 was no p°int of law wi,*oa X»i ia tUoil fOToar' The Iul9 was fr tho Equity Court yosterdsy, beforo Mr. Justice M!£J VB lnown a" 'ho '«'.«.ling-road case, was umea inotkor stage. An npplication was made to wuurt for a writ of attachment against Mr. von r*-r*r ,or disobodianco of au injunction which had »T"îi.ri"Ued by tb0 Court £0rao t'mo ago on the ipplicatlon-of Mr. Loxton to re-train him from Çmmit mg w>ste "r trespass upon property known SÄem; nt St LooBara8 His "o«"' oom Wled the defendant to Darlinghurst Gaol for a .»»7. u U°.tl1 Uo t*"11** who1« o£ tha °°**ts of Winddsnt.1 to the application for attachment u «Wen solicitor and client aldf.ríKn,rq',OStíd^0 "at8«*»t. » the case of rfftTni ftrand °°" a"rsin,t Mrf* a Sullivan. Ä wthH0US°, H°,e1' ?"" Ï«? 11 * T bcaid in tbe Di»trfet Court last Saüff i." ^ i"1-«T-"' *«« 8iv¿n for the aTowKr13 Wcr° gl.vcn B«ainBt tho d«fendant, h.lZg.J ?* mannor in whion thfl «««>**»t» wore »wared to her »ho was almo.t compelled to go into jj?,^01 Martin v.PhUlips, which «wupled «".«taüoaot » i«rf« th« 8rM(,r Wi ill j 1 week during the September sittings, cam« before I the Fall Court yesterday upon a motion moved on I bohalf of the defendant for a rule nisi to set ando the verdict for plaintiff, It will be remembered that tbo action waa.one of ejectment brought by a widow lady aged about 00 to recover possession of 170 acres of land on the Livorpool.road, where for many years the old Plough Inn stood. Aftor hearing argument 'oy counsel for the defendant, judgmont was reserved until Fridav, and tho Court strongly urged that in Uio meantime tho parties should endeavour to arrive at a sottlomont, and thus avoid further litigation, At the sugges- tion of Mr. Justice Windeyer, an attempt was nudo to effect an amicable arrangement during the trial, but without any satisfactory result THE announcement of tho death of Mr. Michael Metcalfe, who for many yours has taken a promi- nent part in churoh and commercial affairs, will be received with doon regret by a wide oiicle of friends. Tho deceased gentleman was bom in Tranby, in Yorkshire, on October 4, 1818. After his fohool days he went to sea, but Boon gave that u >, and was for some years, whilo still a young man, in the service of tho St, Katharine Docks. He arrived m Sydney in 1837, and was for a numbor of years in business as a Custom nonss agent, with Colonel Gibbs as Collector, H» was joined in that buBino.»s by Mr. Powell (now Collector of Customs), tho firm being thon known as Mo'calfo, Powell, and Co. In lot. ho loft tho Custom House bueincss to his parker (Mr. Powell), and took from bis brother the business of J. li, Motcalfo and Co., shipping and insurance agents and general merchants, continuing the businoss in that namo lill 1869, when ho took as partner (Mr, J. H. Storey), and altored the firm to M, Matcalfa and Co. Ile continued in the firm till 1886, when he retired from business, ,tho name of the firm being still retained-his eon, Mr. C. J. Metcalfe, having joinol it Mr. Metealfo was not a man who took an sctive part in politics. Onco only ho was pomiaded to eoek election to tho Legislativo Assembly, and had issued an addross to the constituency of Moreton Bay. However, bo fore tbo election day arrived, news was received in Sydney that the colony of Queensland was granted separation. He was often asked to stand for varions electorates, bnt always deelined ; he also declined a teat in tho Legislative Council. Mr. Metcalf s name is associated with many of our ' publio companies and associations. He waa one of the earliest directors of the Australian Mntual Pro- vident Societv, having been elected to the board on the 27 th February, 1650, li is colleagues being thoo Messrs, J. Fairfax, F. Ebsworth, T. Holt VV. H. Chrisiie, and M. E. Murnin. Tho lastnamed gentleman is now the only one of tho old board surviving. The A. S. N. Company was another company he was instrumental in forming, he baving seconded the motion to form tho oimpany at a mtet.ng held at tho Boyal Hotel on the August 1,1839. He wss one of the first auditors, and shortly after was meda a director, and con- tinued on the board until about 1881, when he left to no to England. Ho was ona of tho promotots of tho Newcastle Wallal nd Coal Company, and chairman of the first board in 1801, and continued so, with ono or two intervale, until the day of his death. Tho Illawarra Steam Navigation Company wa» another of tho e mpanics ho was long connected wiih, having been on the board of directors Hinco 1803\. Ho waa also one of the movers in establish- ing the Sydney Exchange, and was chairman of tho board and diroctor of that institution up to his death. Tho Australian Gaslight Company was another company he always took a great interest in, and he fillod the position of chairman and director for the past 26 years. Mr. Metcalfe always took a groat interest in ohurch matter?. Up to within a few years of bis death ho took an active patt in tho Chuich of England Synod and other parochial affairs. He was also one of the first Chapters of St Andrew's Cathedral, and was instrumental in getting that edifice erected and opened for worship. His generous support to churches, schools, par- sonages, &c;, extended all over tho colony. Ho also devoted much of big time to St Paul's College, being bursar for many years, and also to the Melanesian Mission fund, for which he acted as treasurer for a very long tima Mr. Metcalfe was a man of vory retiring disposition, and novor pushed himself forward either in publio or prívale. He was a sincere friend and a man of the kindest disposition, and was always ready to help the neody. A few years ago he had a serious illness, from i which ho never quito recovered, and during the last, few months he gradually failed, and his family saw that the end was 'sot far off, He died peaceabl;/ yestorday morning at his residence, Macleay-stroe t, leaving a widow and- four sons and four daughter _ Tm. Bishop of Byâney held a confirmation at St Paul's, Redfern, où Friday afternoon. Not- withstanding a storm that cams up shortly ba'fore the service thore was a geod congregation. After the ceremony those confirmed made a presentation to the incumbent, the Rev. F. B. Boyeo, of a pocket communion tervicc. At 0 o'clock over 100 of the church-workers of the parish weloomod the .'Bishop at a tea, given in one of the schoolrooms, Br way of fitly opening the annual sension of tho Congregational Union of New South Wales, a largely-attended Commnsion Bervico wa» held last evening in the Fiti-stroet Churo». The J lev. Geo, Campbell delivered an address, in which he touched upon the nature of tho sacrament of f.he Lord's Supper, and enlarged upon tho bond of union joining the Church with the Lord Jams Christ, both in His historical personality and 'm the Holy Spirit Referring to tho indifference and apathy in religions mattors almost everywhere ¿vppa'ent, Mr. Campbell said thero waa no roaaon to bo surprised at the scepticism outsido the Churoh, but there was cer- tainly Teason for eurpriso at the ec? pticism within the Church. ProfeeBing Christians believed the Holy Ghost carno at Pentecost but acted as though they doubted whether Ile w is prenant in man and woman of to-day. Andfowithothf.r Gospel truths: man. speaking gonorally, acteii. us though these truths did not apply to tho present. Tue influences surrounding men and women, were of a most depressing kind, and lowered tbs spiritual tone con- siderably, Mon spoke of tho Holy Spirit in a wav «thnt'seemod to indicate that iJ.is advent was being looked for, or aa if the Comforter only viaitod tho world periodically, forgetful of the fact that Ho dwelt in the heart of evoir truly devout person. The address was brought to a 'close by a fow stirring words, in which the preacher exhorted his hearers to prayerfully neok the fruits of the Holy Spirit Mn. TEBBUTT writoB :-'" Tho planet Venus is a very conspicuous and beautiful object iu the evening sky, and can be neon distinctly at noon-day without optical aid. For somo weeks past'.ehe has been gradually increasing, in brilliancy, and eho will arrive at her maximum brightness on the 80th instant, her distances from the sun and earth at that time being respectively 07 and 38 millions of miles. In a moderate sized telescope ehe is an interesting object as eho now exhibits a orescent-shsped disc, resembling that of the moon when about three or four days old. AB the planet is gradually coming between the sun and the earth, her illuminated face is turned more »nd moro towards the sun and from the earth. The crescent is therefore becoming more slendor, and by the closo -of the year it will altogether vanish, and the planet will be completely lost in the snn's rays." WIUTISO with rogard to the WoBt Sydney elec- tion a correspondent complains of the manner in which the contest, waa conducted by the freetrade party. He states :.-" Tho freetrade|party actually called no meetinrg of tho meatbora of th« Freetrade and Liberal Association with a view to consult- ing whom they should support, nor wa« even the counoil of that association called together." Wniiiso from Paris on September l8, the cor- respondent of. the Economist cays that como months back a parliamentary commission on tbo qqostion of an oight hours' limit for a working day sont out 100,000 papers to working men who aro electors in Paris, asking for replies. As only 9357 papers have been, returned with an expression of opinion, it will bo feen that the Paris workmen are indiffer- ent on the subjeot Only a Binnll minority. or22'19 of thoso who repliod, were in favour ef the limit ; 2287 declared themselves opposed to any State inter- vention ; while 4841 profeired a day of IO or 12 hours, according to the requirements of trade. IN our report of the caso heard at the Central Polios Court on Saturday, when three men wore charged with assaulting Constablo Hcssion, an error was inadvertently made. The hotel where tho oceurreuoo took plaoa was do'oribod in tho charge-shoot as tbs Criterion Hotel, Goulnurn Btreet, but it now appears that the Criterion Hotel, Lifcrpool-streot was meant. TUE body of J. H. Simson, who waa drowned at Lady Robinson'» Beach on Friday, was recovered at half-past IO yesterday morning. Tax increase of the Russian protective tariff has had a novel effect on the money market of that country. According to the St. Petersburg corres- pondent of the Times, there is a remarkable oom pe ition between the rouble and tho increased Customs tarif- The object of the increased duties -namely, the ro- establishment of tee protootive power of duties destroyed by tbo Increased valuo of th» rouble-has not been attained, in consequence .f th» further rise in the meanwhile of the Russia» paper. The Exchequer, of coarse, wo»««» UM full beatfii of tiu «stn 20 per otab, and even more, in consequence of th» increased 'importation at a higher figure ofc the rouble. But exportation can only be effected at a great loss. It is doubtful whether the Minister will resort to a further extraordinary augmentation of dutios, as that would only lead to more specula- tion on the rise of the rouble in retaliation. If tbii continues, the paper rouble will arrive at par without being secured by a metallic equlva lent to the extent of many milliards, and a crisis would be the result The nation of certain. English financial papers that Russia is about to in treiuoe metallic currency is absurd. Snob, a d«si_cra(um is impossible, and not to be oontem. plated for years to come. A Beuter's telegram from St. Petersburg also says :-The onthueiasm with which tho roce .t systematic inciea-e of Russian Customs duties has been received by tho majority of the industrial classes ia not shared by a far-sjeing oootion of, the commercial world ; for even i I the moasure tends to counterbalance the prejulico «caused to the Customs revenues by tho present lise ' in the value of the rouble, on the other hand, the Increase of duties may compel merchants to push tbe rouble to Buch an artificial standard of value as to risk en- tailing disastrous consoquences when a reaction sots in, as must inevitably bappon, sinco,»- poiuted out by tho Novosty, tho credit rouble is i_ no way guaranteed by tho metallic value. Tho Esme jour- nal espressos apprehensions of a serioun industrial crisis, and roraarka that the increase of tho Cuátbms dutios by 20 per ceut. has caused Berious perturba- tions in tbo Russian financial market, where many merchants, who had «pooulatad on tine anticipation of a fall in tbo rouble, are losing considerable aumi owing to the unforeseen riso operated on tbo Btrlin market THE reoerd of an interview with Lord Wolseloy, published in the Septemhor numlier of the fiemen 0/ -Review», contains a curious statement on th« part of tho soldior. He believes that tho Chinese are the coming race, and that they will overrun thi world the moment a great general or law-giver arises among them. For 300 years the Chinees have been ruled by " the simple method of having all tbo more activ», capable, and progressive heads shorn off by the Tartars." No ono of moro than average intelligence is por. mitted to exist, «ed the Government is on oh« sid« an organised system of massacre. When' Com- missioner Leh was a-kod whether it waa true that he hod boheaded (¡0,000 men in three1 years, fail answer was, "Oh, surely moro than that I" j Some day, however, a new Chinese Moses will arise and | resist Tho people, who ate quite fearless, will then, Lord Wolseley thinks, adopt tho profession of arms, and hurl themselv-s on Russia, and sweep over her, India, and tho Continent of Europe. The Eng isb, tho Americans, and the Australians will have to rally for a desperato tra .diet, probablv in Western Asia, which will-be a veritable battle of Armageddon. Such prophecies are, of courso, of small practical use ; but we.agroo that a very little might BOC the Chinese moving, and that ber millions, once let loose, could no more bo »topped than a. stream of lava. Lord Wolseley is all for kceniuf; on good terms with the Chinese, and BO oro we ; but, at the carne timo, we do not forget that the Roman Emperors who tried to con- ciliate the Got/as, fared no better than thoee, who defied thom. Timm, may probably bo a place in the pioturcsquo histories of France which have yet to bo written (remarks the Paris correspondent of tho Ùaily Telegraph) for tho famous black horse ridden by General Boulanger at the review of July 14, 1880, Wo know 'all about the antécédents of that splendid looking but by no means faultless quadruped, which bas already boon immortalised in tho lyrical lfteraturo of the contemporary cafe concert Captain Giraud, who acted as General Boulau ger'B orderly officer during the political campaigns which were directed from the Hue Duruont d'Ur ville, «nd who bas only lately left the General at Jeraoy becauso tbere was no farther noed for his services, has told how ho trainod the coalblock steed and broke it in for tho purposes of tho roviow. " Trinis," as the animal was called, was of Russian bro.u, had bad feet and legs, but looked remarkably well about tho head and tail, and wben fully envparisono 1 presented a splendid appearance. General Boulanger bought " Tunis " from n dealer io the Champa Elysi.es, and first triod tho horse in the Bois rio Boulogne, butwa-i not satisfied withits action. Cap- tain Giraud accordingly took It ia hand, and for three ' months beforo tbe groat roviow put it through ita facings, and accustomed it to the rounds of tbe drum, trumpets, and musketry. It was thus quite ready on tho eventful day for the General, who made it caracole before tbe tribune at Longchamps vu a manner which won the hearts of the women, and, in fact inspired the majority of the onlookers with a great admiration of tbo dashing officer, who, shortlv afterwards attained the apogee of his short- lived fame. Tan Iron G »to« of th« Danube, whiob have ever been a source of danger to life and property, and. an obstruotion wbioh cotnmorco was poncrlesB lo sur- mount would at last appear to bo doomed. The first blast-g operation took place recently in the prcseuco of Cabinet Ministers from Austria, Hunçary, and Servia, and crowds iof people who lined the bunks of^tho noble river. In tbo interests of South-Eastern Europo in general, and of Hungary in particular, it is to be 'hoped the obstruotion may bo successfully removed. The im- portance of tbo Danube to commence cannot be over-estimated, and it speaks ill for the enterprise' of Hungary especially that the famous gatos have been allowed to exist so long. Some sixty or aevonty miles of tho bed of tbe river will ba deepened and freed of the rocks which now render navigation almost impossible. It is estimated that the cost will be about a million sterling, and that the time occupied will be from four1 to five years. AB far baok as the Peace of Paris in 18SG it was deemed important to clear the river, but delay has followed on delay, until Hungary has at length been indued to come boldly forward and deal with the matter herself. It is quite im- possible to gauge the advantages which tho dis- appearance of the gates will bring. It will orion up an illimitable opportunity for developing Hun- garian oommerco, and will, by giving Europo a free main artery, do more for the peace of tho world than any amount of rhetoric ou the part of sovereigns and statesmen as to the beauty of good- win among people!. i THE Boulongiet disclosures (romarks the Spec, tutor) havo produced a wholo crop of duols. On Septemhor 6 M, Rochofort fought with M. Thióbaud under conditions whiob. in any country but Franca1 would moko duollins impo_Bib'lo for tho future. To begin with, M. Bochefort and his antagonist theil second« and doctors, wandorod up and down tho frontier between Belgium and Holland, endeavour- ing to find a quiet placo to fight in, dogeod all the time by a largo posse it gendarmoa and a mob of newspaper reporters. At last howovor, they con- trived to give tbe police tho Blip, and to ' select ground where they would not be disturbed. But an uufoio'&oa; difficulty arose at this point Ali enterprising body of journalists had engaged the only available conveyance, and all that M, Bootiefort could got offered him was a milk", cart drawn bv aix dogs, Ultimately, however, a more legitimate means of reaohing the field of battle was eeourod, in the shape of a one-horse fly, and in this the editor of the Intransigeant pro- ceeded to tho rendezvous. The actual fight was of a piece with the preliminaries. M. Roohefort danced round his enemy, priolung him in various places, till the doctors intervened and declared that the play was becoming dangorous. The duel between M. Mermeii, the author of tbo celebrated articles, and _T. do La bruyère, which was fought on Septombor 7 in Paris, in tho garden in front of M. Laguèro's house, was equally harmless, though it was rendered somewhat unpleasant by IS. Mermoix spitting bia opponent's hand after " the director of tho fight " had called " Stop I "-an act which, howovor, was probably not meant tteaoherously. Wo wonder how lang Frenchmen will pormit their prosont absurd syBtom of duelling to continue. If only a, few of the challenged would havo the courago to insist upon the use of pistols at a killing distance, we should hear far lesa about people being called out over petty political squabbles, ? ' STONEY Hospital report for the week ended October, 25, 1890 :-Admitted, 51; discharged, 87; died, 7, remaining, 218. Casualties treated, but not admitted,1 817._ 