WHERE ARE OUR CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN? This important question has been raised lately by one or two of our correspondents. The query is a perti nent one, and any person who takes up the inquiry will be struck with the fact so forcibly pointed out by our con tributor, "Native," that in the pro fessions and the higher walks of life, Catholic men of mark are conspicuous by their absence. In considering some of the causes of this deficiency in a brilliant and versatile race "Native" suggests indolence, apathy, lack of ambition, and love of pleasure as possible reasons, but inclines to the belief that a tendency to isolation and to regard themselves as a people apart is the chief reason. Probably each of the causes alluded to has had some effect in retarding the advance ment of Catholic young men. So far as success in business is concerned, it might be that our comparative failure in the accumulation of wealth is due to a devotion to higher ideals than love of gain. " Your Anglo-Saxon race," said satirical John Mitchel, " worships only money, prays to no other Q-od than money, would buy and sell the Holy Ghost for money, and believes that the world was created, is sustained and governed, and will be saved by the only true immutable Almighty Pound Sterling." This Mammon worship has never been a characteristic of the Celt, who is governed by his spiritual, rather than his material instincts. And if our comparative want of success in com mercial pursuits were compensated for by prominence in science, art, letters, or the higher branches of knowledge, it need not be regretted. But, unfor tunately, this is not so. Our young men are not deficient in talent, but many of them apparently lack that dogged deter mination and patient pertinacity by which difficulties are overcome and ▼ague aspirations changed into trium phant fruitions. There are some others to be found whoBe heads have been so turned by success as to render it a curse Instead of a blessing, and to whom TonOhstone's reply to Melancholy Jacques— Call me not fool till heaven hath sent me fortune ■sight be appropriately applied. The proneness of Catholics to regard themselves as a people apart, with separate questions and separate griev ances, which is noted by our corres pondent, is no doubt an inherited tendency. Our forefathers labored under many grievances and disabilities, and even in our own day and in these free young communities they are not altogether removed. This isolation is certainly a disadvantage—though if we are to judge of the baneful effect of "mixing in society" on the frail faith and faculties of some of our Catholic young men—it is not altogether such. Some of them appear half ashamed of their religion. They answer to the description given by Cardinal Newman of " popular " Catholics, of whom he wrote:—"They hate spiritual thraldom, and they are half- ashamed of the Pope and his councils; they hardly believe in any miracles now, and are annoyed when their brethren officially proclaim them ; they never speak of purgatory; they are sore about images ; they avoid the subject of indulgences ; and they will not commit themselves to the doctrine of exclusive salvation." Such un certain witnesses to the faith only bring reproach upon themselves and on their religion. They give color to the suspicion which obtains to some extent, that if a Catholic occupies any prominent position in the world it must be at a sacrifice of conviction or principles. That this need not necessarily be the case goes without saying. That the duties of Catholics, and as citizens, and as children of the faith are not incompatible we have on the authority of our Holy Father Leo XIII. In his admirable Encyclical on the prin cipal duties of Christian citizens, bis Holiness says:—"The supernatural love of the Church and the natural love of our native land are twin virtues proceeding from the same eternal principle, since God Himself is the author and cause of both, and there fore one obligation cannot be at variance with the other." Catholics need not, therefore, neglect the duties and obligations of their faith in diligently performing the duties which as citizens they owe to their fatherland, so long as they do not subordinate the one to the other. So long, indeed, as they bear in mind the divine injunction to " Bender unto Csesar the thing9 which are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." 