BELIEFS OF SAVAGES IN A FUTURE LIFE. According to Sir John Lubbock, the lowest savages are entirely devoid of any belief in a future life. He says that a friend of Mr. Andrew Lang's once tried to explain to a native Australian the idea of a soul, but his explana- tion of a living entity without a body, without arms or legs, or a mouth to eat could not be realised by the savage, who very probably thought that either the missionary's reason was leaving him, or that he was trying to per- petrate a joke on a simple child of nature. The ancient Britons at the time of the Roman conquest, however, are said to have had such a firm belief in the reality of a second exis- tence that they readily lent their money to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful repayment in the next world. This system of usury, it is evident, would be much appre- ciated by borrowers in civilised countries of the world at the present day. The Hindoos have always had a strong belief in a spiritual life. Not long ago one of them who was cheated out of 4 rupees cut off his mother's head in order that her ghost might haunt the man who had robbed him. Some Polynesians believe that only the chief are immortal; others more liberally minded assert that all men have souls, but that women have none. Some negro tribes believe that their deceased parents are still alive in the spiritual world, because they occasionally visit them in their dreams; but of their grand- parents they say, " It is finished," meaning that their existence has become forever extinct. The New Zealanders, who are perhaps the most intellectual of modern savages, have an unshakable faith in the existence of another world beyond the grave, and this belief makes them consider it a serious thing to kill an enemy and let his spirit go out embittered by the sense of defeat to the land of shadows.; for while in that region they imagine that he will prepare and mature his revenge, and when his old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible disadvantage. On the other hand, if a man eats as well as kills his enemy, they believe that there is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and that his spirit, strength, and courage, along with his other good and evil qualities, are absorbed into and appropriated by the victor. And this is the reason, also, why a New Zealander is always so anxious to eat all by himself the body of any noted chief- tain who has fallen in battle. A movement has been started in London for avoiding all the poulterers' shops at which dead larks are known to be sold. Quite a large trade is carried on in these birds. Long strings of them, each lark with its neck pulled out, can be seen hung outside many of the fish and game dealers' shops in the city and in the suburbs. The wholesale supplies, it is stated, come largely from Lincolnshire. The birds are sold at about eighteenpence per dozen. " The Rev. David Macrae is a son of the manse, and was " brought up" in Oban, where he dis- played a great aptitude for athletic sports. Getting accidentally crippled, he turned to literature for consolation. He became a reporter on the Glasgow Herald, occupying his leisure moments in writing two novels ("George Harrington" and "Dunvarleeh") for the Scottish Temperance League. His aims shifting, it took only a few years to transform the journalist into the popular clergyman. 