FOOTLIGK^L^^i 'MACBETH' AT HER MAJESTIES. Miss Achurcli's lady Macbeth. « BOCCACCIO.' Brough and Bouclcnult Company. Harry Rlekavds— The AHiainlira— Mul- ? boui'iio.Itoms— Oild Notes. Since tlio first production Macbeth ab Her Majesty's Thoatro has undorgono jnany alterations foe tlio batter, and tlio effects avo now worked' with signal buc 1 cess. On tlio first night the pioeo showed ii want of proper rehearsal, and several of tlio principal featuros in the spectacular line were failures, notably tlio apparition oftheeijtlitkingsinAct i Tlio witches, too, were not manipulated as well as they might have been, and the ghost of Jtamiuo. Appearing too spasmodically marred the great eireet which' thin apparition was in tended to ? produce. Mr. Goorgo Eignold, iia tlio ungrateful Thano, though at times givinir us a fine interpretation, is faulty in his conception of the part, and his nmlce-up is certainly calculated to mar a first im pression, llu has a tendency to make Muc ioth a coward, who from physical and not moral causes is afraid of tlio retribution ho feels his acts have called down on him, bub in the lust act -.his powor shines out and redeems a seeno which, hut for his ' en deavors, would assume tho character of a licmi-burlesciuo. Mr. .loivott has an arduous and generally unappreciative part to play us Duncan, jjufc ho works very hard and conscientiously, and scoros a distinct suc cess. As Malcolm, Mr. Memming is as good as ever, and during several long and trying scones his previous experience stands him in good stead. 'Wo were not disappointed with Mr. Charrington'a Mncdulf. Wo did not oxpect a very good performance, and he gives us a fairly creditable one. He rants in soveral power- ful situations, but plays with genuine feeling his great scene in Act 0. In the last act his duel sceno is almost ludicrous. It seems a pity that such an important character lias not a better representative. The unsatisfactory part (from an actor's point of view) of Enuquo is played remark ably well by Mr. Huxlitt, and the three witches are well represented by Messrs. Ayrton, Tolano and Harcourt. Thore can to no two opinions about Miss Achurcli's performance as Lady Macbeth, and though probably her conception will not compare very favorably with some of tho greatest impersonations, she shows a deal of power and ability in tlio pourtrayal of this beautifully written character, and her performance throughout shows gleams of genius remarkable in so young an artiste. It is undoubtedly the best played part in tho production, and Miss Achurch is certainly ?v \Sy* far the best Lady Macbeth wo have ever ?seen in the colonies.- The scenery, though perhaps not so grand ns wo anticipated it would be, is very creditable, and tho whole \- production by far tlio most complete we liave had hero. Mr. Kignold is to bo con gratulated on a success, for a success the tragedy undoubtedly is. Tho opera company at the Thoatro lloyal have been playing to remarkably good houses during the wcok. With two Boccaccio's to attract attention it is no' wonder this sparkling musical composition draws. Miss Nellie Stewart and Madam Marian Eurton give different renderings of the volatile student. Both performances are really good, and for fear of creating a 'terrible diversion' wo forbear to say which is the better. Miss Nellie Stownrb ifi'exceodingly lively, and Madam Burton is somewhat staider, and yet thoy each please the audienco immensely. The funny part of the business is safely left to Messrs. Ciourlay.Sna'/.ello and Hodson, and this trio of comedians civuso screeches of laughter from all parlHof the house. Mr.Gourluyhas a chuckle tlmt would . make a brood lien lay, and Sir. Snazello's gags would make a lifo-sontenced swindler laugh. Mr. Hodgson helps to keep the merriment going, and the consequence is high good humor prevails all round. U'lio scenery is excellent, tho orchestra could not bo better, and Mr. John Wallace's stage management is as good as over. Tho ' dear girls ' look charming in their costumes, and are about as good looking as they mako 'em nowa days. Tho ' Johnnies ' have to keep thoir glasses going in order not to miss one glance from tho hazel oyes of the fair ones. * * w A Fool's Paradise is still occupying tho boards at tho Criterion, and it is preceded by Barbara. We have not a groat opinion of A Fool's Paradise, and it may bo as well to candidly confess it. The acting is ex cellent, taken all round, and tho Brough and Boucicault company are to bo con gratulated ui)on making a success out of Biioh barren materials. Mr. Brough lias the best part in the play, au& ho is fully equal to it. Barbara fills in well and prolongs tho performance fully three quarters of au hour, which gives tho public full satisfaction for thoir inonpy. Next Saturday Dnndy Dick, will be played, and it is reputed to be a rattling good piece. Miss Florence Harcourt will appear in it, and we hoar she has a good part. * ? # Tho Alhambra lias been' filled every Bight since last Wednesday, and tho burlesque of Lnrline the Lovely seems to please Mr. I'rauk Smith's audience. The credit for this production must be given to Mr. Martyn Hagan, who is certainly a most versatile actor, and appears to be capable of .playing all parts .well. Wo have no doubt Martyn would have a shy at Macbeth sopuor thiuu acknowledge himself beaten. ' The ' numerous members of tho company play well, and Sjj.ni Keenan knocks sonio rollicking fun out of his' part. There is no vulgarity about this' show at the Alhambra, arid Mr. Smith must bo con gratulated upon the success of his new depavture. . The matinee performances on Tuesday and Saturday are also well attended, andafford parents an opportunity of giving their youngsters a troat. Harry Bickards and Company still fill tho School of Arts nightly, in a h'og is the latest novelty. People as a rule are anxious to avoid foga of all descriptions, but this particular fog has become quite the fashion. It's not like a London No vember fog, you can't cut it with a knife; nor is it like a Sydney fog of tho son. mist persuasion. It is nremarKablofog.' Ypu can see through it, mid.it niakes, you laugh. Three now artists have boon lidded to the company — Ban Tra'cay and Ad3on Stove, and Miss Daisy Blair, and thoir dances created a sensation. Mr. Kickards' sketch, '-The lfoad to Ruin,' is also a great performance!, aud ' Arry'1 shows in it that he is possessed of real drtmiatio powers. The season so far has faoen a huge success, and seems likely to continue to prosper for some time to couie, ? ? . . . * ' ?? '*.?-,-?,? Tho Cyclqrama, with the Battle of Gettysburg as: the attraction, is Btill open and drawing well; Them is no prospect of a charge at present. «V 41 * Melbourne Items. 'The History of a Jlantnm -7-i!- has been on at the Boyal— Goor'tfe Ddrrell'H volition. The strike has boon tollhur seriously, upon the attendnhue at uioat: of tho kousos during tho wiwl;, 'nud this apuaars more espepUlly applicable to tho; Bijou.. whoro ?177ie'.'- Panami.. has.booir rmmbiff. Tlio comedy i« phvyod with gi'out zest by tlio company, and in cer tainly a troat to thoso who can oujoy a hoaity laugh. ? : ? ' ? ? *..':?.? ; At tlio Alexandra Bland Holt's Company, in Alone t'/i LonSon, hfivo raiido a hit. ..? - ? ? ? ? ? . ? Thq Gaiety has boon crowdod daring the weok, and tho Varioty Company at tho Vio tbria Hall has also boeu doing very fair busi ness. . . ? * ' * , , ? Molford's drama, . ontitlod Mying front Justice,' which haa proTod a marked suooosa in London, will shortly bo produced in Mol bounio, tho rights to tho play having boon jmroliased by Mosurs. Williamson , aiid Guruor. . ' ? '? ? . ? ' ? ? ? » : #' ? F.tin on the Bristolnb tho Opera. House holds its own against all coniors. Whatever etfeot may have boon felt an reuardR atteudanao in oousequoiuio of tho strike, patrons of the Widow havo not nmiiif cstod any inoliuatioii to forugo tho good lady's attractions. No bottor indication could bo afforded of tho intrinsic value of this unique ontortainmont. # ? ? The Drown Pottor-Bollow season concludes, at tho PrincoRK on Friday. CinnMe has been played for the la«t four nights. 'Writing of hero -i7td Leantier a critic says : — Mrs. Potter has mado hor mark in Molbourno in Horo and £eati(!er,°nucl it is much to bo rogrottod that she should not luivo boon oarlior soon in a part which , liko that of tho Greoiun Maidon, affords so much scope for tho display of hor undoubted talents. , It is in suoh characters, whoro pootry and passion aro mingled, so to spoak, iit the crucible of pnro lovo, that this ludy poems to thoroughly roaliso tho beauties, sub limity anil poambilitios of tho art sho so worthily ndorns. Sho llnds in Horo a Congo nial spirit, and Hho ontors upon its roproson .totion with nil tho ardor of an enthusiast. It is a loftior ooncoption of human uaturo as exomphnod in a yonng aud guilolcss crcatnro liko Horo than oven tho lady Juliet. It is Iupr of tho oarth earthly. It givos the oinonco rathor than , tho constltuont elements of tho pusHion aualysod, and leaves upon tho sonsos that dolioious sonso of freshness audsnbtloty that it is tlio lhain attribute of genius to bo stow. Mr. BoUow's Loandcr doserves to bo regarded as ouo of his ablost imporaonations, and this is allowing much considering his all round ability. ' * ? # ? # MisoblijA^'eous Items. Mr. J. Ii. Toolo has boon well rocoived at Adoluido, but business is slow. * * * Tho Two Mikos, advortisod as ' Tho Australian Cyolouos,' aro in London. Tho Lynch Family Bollringors drow great houses at Armidalo, Uralla and Walcha. » * » Tho Donaldson Brothers aro at tho London Pavilion, and tho Boraui Brothers are at the Aquarium. * # # Minnio Falmor has loft England for America, intent upon working round to Aus tralia once again. Charlio Soagravo, as per usual, has been distinguishing himself with Grattan Eiggs' Company at Broken Hill. Miss Jennie Winston, whom old playgoers will remember, is still doing tho States, and; with no ordinary success. * * f. ? Miss Chambers, tho brightest of soubrottos. has disbanded her company at tho Capo, and is on hor. way to England to engage fresh talent. * * # ' Mr. Charriugton is looturiug on Ibson in Queensland, ' says a Molbourno paper. Is ho? AVo wcro under the improssion ho is playing at Her Majesty's, Sydnoy. Now York aud Brooklyn, between thorn, are to have no leas than seven new theatres next season, so it would seem that there is just now a theatrical boom in America as well as in England. . * * # An English lady, who must have been a good-hoartod soul, has lef fa legacy of .£3000, the interest of which is to bo spent in sup plying roal champagno for drinking at stago banquets. Tlio auuouuoomont, at least, is suid to havo been mado at a recent mooting of tho Association of French Dramatic Artist,. ? . ? A recent paragraph of theatrical go3sip tolls ns that a smalt child was induood to ' weep copiously 'into tho phonograph used in tho new piece at -'Terry's, and moreover, that ' tho experiment was porfeotly successful.' We imagine, howovor, that tho success is of a kind .which tlio small ohild is by no moans anxious to repeat. Tho larnyx of tho groat tenor Gayarro, who diod not Ions ago m Madrid, was removed after his death, and was fonnd to bo of such peculiar formation thai it will probably bo preserved in some Spanish museum. Gayarro received .£230 a night in opera, tho largest salary ovor paid a tenor, and his fortune is estimated at JilOO.000. Ho was tho son of a blacksmith, and a common working-man .whan his voico first attracted attention, and ho was only -10 yours old when he died. Infant prodigies aro becoming alarmingly numerous in America. Tho latest is a little Miss Webb, a pianist, who is only oiglit yoars of age. Hor imuingor in Nov.- York ovidontly understands -his but.inosa. When tho littlo lady appears upon the platform, she doos so with n. hugo doll in her arms, with which she goes through a number of childish inanmnvros, carefully pro-arrangad, and sho deposits dolly softly and iiffoctionatoly in an armchair pro piired forth© piirposo before taking hor own seat at tho pianoforte. Of ' course every mother in the andiouoa is enraptured by tlio contemplation of tho dear child's innocent and unsophisticated ways. This is a good story and a truo ono :— Horr .Toachin, of violin renown, had been playius: at a concort in Manchester. After it was all over he was walking up and down tho railway platform enjoying a good cigar and tho con sciousness that ho had nevqr. played bettor in his.life. Tho cheers of his audience still rang in his ears, and ho was full of pleiisureablo solf-satisfaotion. A rospootablo mvvvy-lookjng man, drosaod in his Sunday host, kopt passing and re-passing, and gazing intently at the groat master. Presoutly ho oauio up to Joachin and askod, for a light. This the musician gave him. Having lit his pipe ho looked Jonchin full in the faco, and then, tap ping him tvith emphasis on the shoulder, ho said : ' But Pagauini was tho man 1' That was all. But it was enough. Joachin says ho uover folt so small in his life. London Topical Times' says :— Brayos, choors, and hurrahs wore the order of tho evening on Saturday last, when tho Farrcn Lcsli'e Gaioty: Company gave its farewell por formanoo in its own homo. Marion Hood (who took up her part agitiu for tho wook), Sylvia Groy, and Lotty Lind r flooiyad bonquotsr and baskets of flbwors galoro, thoir song« and dunces had to bo repeated, and, in fact, tho public sooniod as though they could not luiva enough of thorn. As to Nellie Farron, tho idol of tlio 'boys,' indefatigable as sho is, sho must havo felt exhausted with thp repcti tious, and it was I ortnnnto Bho was not com pelled to carry at onoe air tho floral tributes bestowed upon hor. By spooial desire sho introduced 'I'm a Jolly Littlo Chap,' and her ' Street Arab ' song, both of which word oncored.- Mr. Leslie was at liis merriest, and the rdkt of ths company at thoir host. Tho evening would not havo boon complete without a fow words from 'Nollio,' and so Miss Farron bogau with tho stereotyped, ' Ladies and Gontlomon,' butchiviigodit to 'Boys and Girls,' spoke i very foolingly, asked that slw might not bf) forgotten, and nearly brpko dpwn through omotiott; she was, howovor, .poqu brought to by boipgh'torally.poltQd frpin tlio stalls witn puiioiwipips, yiman wovobo nnmoroufi -that clip liorsolf opnld not pick thorn, all up. It wivs q. scpnp of wild outhiisiaitm, whioh wound up by tln'po ringing ' bunuhs I' in which tlio whplp housp johiod. I nqqd npt Hjj,y that thorp was not pvpu standing rooii) anywhere. Tho thpatrp, whiqlj Messrs'. CampboU and Snjith havo mado so prptty, was hnng for thp occasion- wjth tl|o Union Jabk (vnd tlie Starsipid Stripes, and theprpsoonium. -Viia decorated witji .laurel Ipjives.: Bpfqro starting for America and Australia, thp oom. pany goto Brighton on tho 28th, thou to ' thp Gifiu'd, Islington, visit Miinohpstor, LivorppqJ, Glasgow, and Edinburgh; obm'o back to tho Qrand again,- and 'leave' Sngland Nqyombor 8, U'llB gi\n4 oporti mooting of the Southorn Rugby Union will be hold on tho Association Ground on Saturday next. W. F. ROBERTS, Certificated Assayor, Motallurgint, &c.; (6H tho School of Mines, Ballurut, Vic.) Laboratory, 37, York-atroot. Sydney.., Manufacturer of Superior Electric Plates for saving gold.* ?'??. v' ' :-'- ?? ? '.!-..-.?'...????? . .'.., ? ? ? 