\-- MELBOURNE Q033IP. I ':',' i '.' J.ftwtou ovk odj«iisa?piaaaiiU . ' Jpni ia--Tb» discreditable soooe that occur red in the City Court last FriJay, whoa Mr, Pavid Qaunann gave hia tongue i a little too »och IImdm, furoiBhea a justification i.or the: ??etion oi his latQ farliarunntary constituenta ?^-supposing that they need one-^in declining to agaia return him. to tbe {legislative As -W»Njii-;.- For.il must be obvious to the dullest1 Intellect tb»t a, m»n is not flt to be entrusted jwith1' thV imporlanV task of f raining laws who has sa.ptQfauud: a contempt ;for. them when twde aa Mr, Gaunsdn. exhibited - on the day named. There can be very little doubt that! his general eoriduot in the House vsry ttntori, illf mSaiacti tbe voting st'the laat general electioD.and that .his failnreto gain a seat was principally owing to the fact that it was thought Ibe iaterett of tbe district would be 'better served by another person. It is, pEt kapr, ? fortunate ciroumstance for Mr. Gaun ?on. that his, client* do not viovi thing! iu a similar light, J have seen a barrister, engaged: to, an important .caaa, who was ''suspended' ly th«'i|ndge'ot:f-)t» whom he was pleadiug (or vary much less tban what occurred last Friday,: ?«d th» olienfa interests suffered ia «anse-' .«araef!' - Far, iaflir all, it nodt U borne in jniBd -?«*;?, barrisUr does not praotice before' : ? onnit as ?.matter of « prescriptive right/ but ', vpbn u ?oSerauoe,' And. any judge may refuse ,t«ih»wai barrister who aystenutioally defies' snd insults him, I wss present in ? British eolooy a, few yeara ago ^ when connsol in ?a Impoitsnt ease repeatedly lude to tbo judge.' After caution upon cantinn failed to have 'any i tgect,' the judge said quietly j— 'Mr. rtw — , I refuse to hear you any further, ?nd I interdict you from conducting any case in tbis court for a period of two months.' That sentence meant, in the oise of Mr, B,, n Iom iOjfeai of nonnt ^800, Severe, but neeen ?WryT^Bio .'whuligig' of time ??spins round, however, and that sums Mr, B. now dispenses 'justice 'Jpythe very court from which he was ignorofriiously ejpelled less than n down years I U«*» i Bjjeci.raen of the good breeding nf some ,,o{nur Melbnurne .-? ladies,' the following' is a (ioorl example : it is given on the Authority, of ? writer in furitb :-»'( When coming out of tbeTnwu hull iui the night of one of tho Halls «-nef|^Ua»l iweefc, J. sa^. % aturdy.lnoking l«dy rudely pushing,' everyone out of her way, ?ndaujob'fi th-8e wlin politely let her nasa '«l«f' Wnisdiw^ who I believehold important 'potiiiaua'i'i'i'a fruliinrmbla Collinaatfeet wure lonao, . On seeing these latter, the pushing Isrly loudly exolaimed to her companion, ? Qh, there ate tie twn eliop women I wan telling ^-»T- ?h'onti' Whatever do «A«»rnant; ntn a elanica.1 concert { ' Tae author of the abovo iHcUctuiu'Waubbeiy it the d«R(hter o( « well. k'nnvn membor of the Leipslative 'Ciuincil.nhd J tho wifu of nn Elsleruwick sulicitnr, nnd 1 bitliovo pTjia 'ha,!! 'lady.1:, Al uaio limy have chnrma t-isViuliie;.the;savrige hnait, but ovi-.J doiitly it amn'ellm'ba fails' to elovute tbe blind nt a-' wouliMierth.iiught. lady, who. seemingly furae'iR ih'at :wltil«t:fnrnily(.revorVeii fr-qiieiitly c impel 'Indies' to serve behind n sbnp omntor, it in their misfortune to have to wnit upon vnlunr, rich ' women,' whom Natnre. in: tended to keep a flsli-ntall. - ._ Taken in cniuiectiofi rWith the foregoing specimen nt tho jenm ennb, hnw is tbis fur high? I give it from n list of. ?upniaohiiii! marriages (in high lite) from -nl' society ' PJ&r;?:- ' Tbo marriRge of Miss E. A, Oolmcr, third danahte'r of' Rueben Colmer,' Esq , of fiydney-rnad; Cohurg, to Mr, A. E. Ford, ot Brunswick, youngest sou of the late W. D. Ford, of West Melbourne, grandson of the late Jnmes.'Ste-r( d$q,, qf,','Boi pouse,' K,ont,. and groat-grand.nephew of Hugnrth, the famous painter, of CbUwick, England, is announced tn take place early ill August.' ,: Great Peter. I. A grent-grand-uephew.'of the fnmnus;(inthor oj the ?'/The Bakes Progress ' about to be married —iu Victoria I It is' enough1 to take' nn'e'a breath away. I wonder the law does not pro vide a tight-fitting wniatooot for people who heedlessly hurl broad-caat , such stupendous announcements abion^'a. |'-t of,harmlesg people ; there is no JcnOwipg whabjharm they may do. Before the marriage rsslljr comes off, someone may be nvb enough to inform: the bridegroom that Sir William thornbill married Hogarth's daughter, and then we shall have Sir William's ghost hurled at our heidii, together, with the ghosts of all his paint brushes. The secession to the old honse af Andrew King -b Co., of Mr. A. Crawford, a gentleman an well- known around' Oastlemaine, Maidon, Daylesford, and Ballarat.ia a decided gain. Mr. Crawford has joined the old Grin aa partner, and from the 1st of August .the historic firm of Andrew King & Co. will be known , as ' Crawford, King t'Co.' In the' meanwhile preparations are be made for lbs change. It will be remembered that, six months ago,' this old wholesale house was thrown open to the general publlo as ?retail establishment, under the nsme of Modern Family Warehouse. The advantage of being supplied direct by n whole sale warehouse has been appreciated by the publlo, as any casaal visitor may hnve observed. Tbe place hu been crowded, and the change has been an almost unprecedented success. The stock now on baud is being reduced as rapidly as possible, in preparation for the new order of things, nnd tbe dnily scene in the Flinders-street warehouse, ia rather more than 'animated' One thing about tho -affair I like. One's, place is nnt inundated wilh cards and circulars. A, K. & Cn. seem more to rely upon their old reputation, nnd I think they are right. ' ~ ? ' . ' . ' Tbe close of the season of the ' Little Lord Faun^leroy' company at the Princess' Tlieitre next Friday is'to bo Biicceede'd by the produc tion of ' Romeo and Juliet' on a grand scale, with MK Bcllew and Mrs. ' Bmwu-Potter in the haling parts. Great preparations are in progress for a revival of 'The Flying Scud'1 at the Hoyal next Saturday. Mr. Warner will close Ilia engagement on the previous evening, I am pleased to announce that the popular actor and manager, Mr. George DarreH, btis.bepn engaged by Mes«re. Wiliinma'in nnd Garner as general business manager of their Melbourne theatres, in succession to Mr. H H.jVincent, ; who left fur England, recently. '-. Joseph's Sweetheart' is going along merrily. at tbe Rijnu ; and the success nf '- Sweet Lavender' at the Alexandra is so pronounced that there is not likely to he any clmnge'ilf the bill for the. next fortnight. The Rickards company have closed their season nt St. George's Hall, which iSjjiaw vacant .^-11 undeserved success attendsTthe i(n.tertninnSent now running nt the VictQfiaifl»ir\under,jhe;n3i-n8gement1of MrJ, BlllirV, He has brought an excellent minstrel cn'nipany'; togeth'er,:nnd :tho' perfoniinoce is devoid of the' slightest objectionable' feature. The nttraotinns of the.Watwarks haya been added to by the introduction of i'giiilt and' giantess.' ?: The last of the Halls concerts; lias been given at tbe Town Hall; for the' present, 