THE KYNETON RAGING CLUB. (To thi Editor of the Kyneton. Observer.) Sn,—Last week the committee of the Kyneton Racing Club met, and one of tie questions discussed was the desirability of holding two race meetings during theyesr. Oar course U one of the best natural oourses in the colony, and with a lirge and prosperous population in "the district, Kyneton should easily be able to hold atleast two meetings. Butbefore thiokingsboatsacha thi;ig the committee ihonli prove themselves capable of carrying out one properly. Some glaring defects hsve occurred in the conditions of •ome of the iaoes in the ^paat^ Vhich I will sow point oat. In drawing op the programme they provide for the winner of the Kyneton Handicap to cairy a penalty of lOlbs in the Lauriston Handicap, and this is the only penalty that any horse is liable to for winning a race after weight! are declared. Let us look at the result of this neglect. In the Lavriston Handicap last year (1889) nine horses accepted, and on the Wednesday before the races Master Jack one: of.the nine, won a race at Lancefield withthe greatest ease. He came here on the following Monday, and the Iżauriston Handicap, and the Bracelet Itace .were looked upon ss certainties for him. The consequence was that oat of the nine horses named on the card for theformer race there were only two that came outto opposehim; tndanyone wishing to back him had to lay Stolon, and the race was never in donbt, u he won in a oommon canter. About k hour later he started for the Braclet trithoddaof 2tol laid on him and won «lmo=t as easily. Take the Lauriston Handicap again. This year we find Pretender handicapped at 8 st Gibs, tnd on Saturday, the 15th March he ran in srace at Elsternwick Park which he von rery easily. Two days later he was brought here for the Lauriston Handicap, ud out of ten horses which had accepted tiers were only four went to the post, Cpon enquiring from the bookmakers "what price Pretender?" you received tie reply "I will take 10 to 1," the result 0( the race was that he went to the front before they had gone a quarter of a None of the- others could come ujwhere near him. Now, if thecomoittee in drawing up the programme had ranged that any horse winning a handi- "pfl»t race after the declaration of the wglta should carry a penalty of Tibs, the clucw of the different hones in the iboveracei would have been more equal. Here would have been larger fields go to ttepoit; the race would have been more JP® »ud better contested, instead of «ngalmost a certainty for one horse; "joue wishing to back his fanoy could done so at a reasonable prioe. The «t meeung wag the best in point of "tendance experienced by the club for a Molier of years, the principal reason that there were no meetings near ™ metropolis on that day, and the "Mgnień from Melbourne patronised ajMton ;bnt on looking over the fixtures aUotted by the V.R.C. for the ensuing Wtlre months, I 6nd that the Epsom W»t> at MordiaUoc have secured the Mb of March nert, which will make a Prat difference to the Kyneton meeting. ®£Sir,the T.E.C. advertised. for the "Wwei of clubs to apply for the dates ®»hich they intended to hold meetings MSaeason. Query: Ijid onr aecpstary 'Płjy lor the date? I fear not, fqrif •PPUcahon had been made I have no w«*tdioiild have secured the day. trp Melbourne opposition, as the^ .iirV- generally favor bona fide racing a ««*inpreforeno6 to proprietary dabs. a Jgrowl u now over, and wishing every "cmm to the K.R.C,—I am, etc. MOOREBANK'S GHOST, kyneton, 25th July, 1890. 