feTiSrosAyv B sT OF BUCCANEER. IP 81 r, I: -03 B- BEACH. >. 'rtty;_-(CosTiKUED.j ;fersactly x toot my £av Il ') I'cralt3'a hat, which Ksmtho other bmldmgs, Kffi&ard; extremity of the Wi & %odded along, sometimes WfL a ' r,f oysters; sometimes seaward, where all the uinadron glimmered as the shore, I suddenly WStT in whicn I could dis- W&fM; 88 Inton, aad the gruff WiUfj, Uffb in oath, and who, I K' tho clash of arms, were %into or two I saw faintly a V'So, whites and Indians, &? Mirrimr lanterns, which and bayonets. mU1- , nan disappeared tnrougn BSrtte of tho fort, and mKi:.v ho were left out- RVh1 pitiable cries and howls, Bfg'SiW the sentries WCl» M te fircd jw HjJl y j somewhat late, X aid B-nire into tho ca'nso of the |/Wj £ted that it was probably Wti & west of an Indian who aswecrimo; perhaps, as was is. Lea or secreted a valnable &EIT; l did not think much of PjSoon atPeralta's hut. W£hw as compared . with most Sjienced an'aronntt' with . aonblo Hnea of -strong FtVjipaca between them being B£U stones gathered apparently ilTtoch. On knockmg, I was Pit? Psalta himself, who led the K Ljrooffl, with walls rougMy Btelud stone, through which the Kin, limine at many cracks and WU minei'ng with the smoky WPj. mst" bra S3 lamp. The place Ebt te mo34 ordinary sort of W. Munock hung in a comer, an Kit Voiding clothes, a table, and PL ggjQ chairs, or rather large Bfijbbtowever, was laid out for Ed fiord a capital repast of fish, Ed (od; wide a conple of flasks f? and all cob-webbed IrWsd. as though they had II.tT i _ ptnsl'rnl oollnr Ljtjep in a Ejsiis contrast to the cracked ILi wden platters, and hacked l&biiia; and forks which lay beside Ijj'qaiili Peralta, "that, though I Lft&ga; with kings, I don't by any tin a palace. There are idle Eg nbstantial Tanities, my friend. E)n i pearls, laces and gildings, CCdtdrets are of the former class ; hjiaii to eat, and good wines to (j fi tie latter. Now yon see I am js-ef tie substantial vanities. I Ettiipn the daintiestmorsel, though ilia g) with a broken one-pronged life to drink the choicest vintage EijrBhone, without at all caring Utlpt my Hps to a golden enp pTSraato hath wronght, or to a Eifid Quito hath scooped before |(ip> the peari merchant started the btaRaof the flasks, and I tasted fell mst delicious draught which kgdenypilate. |4f path my entertainer, as I held tisfr cup to be refilled, "yon KUI&rthaa; eTen the most skilful Wit rjv brandy and bilge water. uii£o— you have a palate which I iirniaj- gentlemen of your kind WtapojBss not, preferring the hot m jib of Jamaica, and Tortngas puy to such' adorable nectar as tan. hold out thy glass again, Kphivhhpseir cannot fish up a ISTmranents of. Yertaafesu" KAg'Uiis way— relating to me Bo® touching great generals Ins, i tad 'even kings, with But'u t believe " his IM tad : familiar " converse, and glill thee stories kdng, that the piioteaiea and kiags in question qw«, bq as easily to be culled and wlu nere ordinary mortals — the Ftoof the wine were soon P&jken;, placing the fragments in produced a sort of purse or Wr workmanship, in bright silver, ?s5v le ony "a tveiliD— always excepting the E3S5"?11 king from ifcwfiome Bffi Qdwate savonr, we began to Sh0??? fi€cond bottle, which fcw hid from the first, the Jy .a-kP rich red tinge, and Jr. tola me, from Dijon in Bnr- tu entertainer took lJ-®nrepSflton to himself. nfT d strange to l/bj 7 of mighty poten- iHl«i.n?1 Hebrews dwelling bLii " I'nes of the cities of iiTT?ot London, the Juden- and the Ghetto of Christian goes past, WiS:" "e savours of fish fried <(£!?/ Md iostHng the hook- W i "p- men who make way, fS'r t -TOU ?<x>d e'en, mr t«ugh ! ' eay3 he, ' these \ wb.T be they not packed SuauS0 1" a?a5n '—and so kki. ?'> and cringe, and kiss t all the time — ha ! ha ! ksi-.n thinking and ponder- "f bow best he can Nb . , -T ont ol bis faithful SSli, 80 the brightest »Sll7!vE0'r bd in pawn by old eH O- old Abraham; the yeflowewt-skiiined Whai" 'bole hrother- reSia»-tk "'b so mneh with to much glee, that I 1$' bo one of the fraternity eato divme my thoughts, feobenthan, he, ks it werei altrioagn the seed of Abraham, ; were I such, I li&y; eoa® here tolrrein a coast, driving hard jcjsters." 'fflf® 'ben went on with his courts, and I was listen- as he told, with many S<ii?.?Jaieer' bow, under the jxfci'flncb, he had one ninht Sitairsat Whitehall to hold K7 jblomse de Qoerailles, " lamOUth , touching C€T» convenient to raise Lusk, tcere should come a re- Phottof Versailles, through the ambassador of ppUjtt ocee there came a loud tp&jbj; _a shrill whistle, at the w3tSj- TncHy up, bat with- IToompcsedi and open- Biy?d, a handsome fellow, Pljlv"® sailor, bounded in, C Uffie moment, in a lend «ra both detected ! " Rb ly" Ofstopped as suddenly shot; hot Peralta PhM.0?- He who standeth Pedft15 one of os ; go on. iLhSiyS 'nulaito. " They first a sat &! more l u 1 1 the better to save iTMhT,10 with them into Hie soldieraare given." EShoO, if001"51, and, then 2ht J On the" ebb. |h ; .'flsco n on jiceid th PeraIta "None, none, I replied," wondering with my whole aonl at the moaning of this strange scene. " Follow me, then, and do as I do," re plied Peralta. _ Ho swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when ho saw me copying his example to the letter. Then, blowing the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously amongst the scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, so put none, though I was almost bursting with curiosity. In a minute or two wo heard themeassred tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of them amps burst forth together as they inarched round the corner of a small street, fol lowed by a great many Indians. There was a hollow place clo3e by where he stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either Bide. Into this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging himf flat upon the ground, while the mulatto and I followed his example. In a minute the soldiers marched by, with their attendant ront of Indians gabbling and chattering very eageriy.- "Now," quoth Peralta, "for the beach, and make as little noise as yon can in run- ning." With these words, off he set, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I Bhonld have thought possiblo. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind him, meeting nobody, although we heard a distant tumult of voices in the rancheria, and the tramp of. people running hither and thither. There were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to 83 many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and shcer- jng backwards i and forwards as the current of the"febhidg tidg ran ewiftiy.„ beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadil v as if he had teen a waterman at Whitehall Stairs, we follow ing closely upon his heels; bat jns; as we had, as by instinct, sat down to tho oars, Peralta cried out to us to hold, and then stepping back upon the jetty, very cooly cast loose the painters of tho whole of the re mainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of tho ropes together, as a coachman does his reins, he shuffled back again into the stern - sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our wage. "Pull away, my good fellows," Peralta then said, taking an oar out of cne of the skiffs behind us, "I will steer you." Our ntwuuwu me siream, ana we swept along, very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see, by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a closter of those lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, " it is a shabby way to leave old frier as, hut needs must when the devil or an or/ry Spaniard drives." All this time we were shooting swiitly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heive and undulate, as tho swells of the fea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage oi a jreat shont faintly heard from the ehcre, railed, " Disco I Disco, ahov ! " A long shrill whistle was the reply, aad, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her twe high "raking masts, and, pausing on onr oars, we heud the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. " Disco is all awake," said Peralta, and in a moment more we were alongside and tumb ling into tho piragua, which, notwithstand ing her very considerable size, wasso lightias to rock violently aa, one by one, we leaped over her gunwale. \ Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, a, I judged him, appeared to have been jmt aroused by the clamour on shore, and he asked eagerly what the matter was. \ "The matter," -eaid-Paralta, " is that we. must get to sea aa . soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher— that puff qnitf ruffled the water. Jenipa," nd« was to the mulatto, " jump forward and cut the caHfr- no time for weighing. Disco, get a sweep «r an -oar ont on the larboard boss to cait her head round. Idndsay, bear a hand ny man, and gee the canvas upon her, <r some of our friends ashore will be swimmiig down upon us with their knives in thtir teeth." The coolness of Peralta was capital to g<e. Just as Jenipa's knife went with a chsp through the strands of the hemp, Disco's <ar dashed into the water, and the strain catching the larboard bows of the piragua, she strong round with her luad towards the shore we had just left, wiile Peralta, who worked aa though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the fore sail from the long snpple bamboo yard, and then both of as clapping on to the haalysrds with all onr might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the top of the mast, and then catehingthe faint puff of the sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in the night time, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching held of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail npon the piragua. kVe were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lngsail was very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, np the mast, and when after having'made fast the hanlyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was qnite bewildered. The breezo was hardlj sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping, j. heard no loud rushing gurgle, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet the lights upon shore were flying by us as thongh we were borne on horseback towards the sea— the great white flakes and stripes of froth which had floated into the river frcm the bar, glanced past, showing like light Terns and streaks in dark marble — while the skiffs which Peralta had cut loose were almost ont of sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Perilta laughed pleasantly. "Tonr Will-o'-the-Wisp may be fast, Senor Buccaneer," he said, " hat no craft that ever came off the stocks of European ship-builders will sail with the boats which the Indian" — savages we call them — can scoop with rode tools ont of a single glorious ' tree." D<5 we noT" move lixe as apjenno=.m-a sea spirit ? Jjtt the Spaniards chase us ha their "clumsy wooden boxes, the ptragae will earn her right to her name. thocgh aT the navy of Old and New Spain were tf.-s.-hhrg' in her wake. I call her the Ghee; : dees cut she glide like one fleering to the sepulchre at the first glimpse of the light ct flic mont- ingf" I looked at Peralta, beg-n-ng to suspect that the sudden flurry, coming after the hemming wice, caused hrm to vapour a little ; bat, if it were so, he very soou osrae to htm- seli. " Hark 1" said Disco, "the surf on the bar." "And see," added Jenipa, " tie Eghia of the Pearl Fleet close to the efflng." "Forward, and look out. both of yoa," cried Peralta, sharply. " Keep yocr eyes open on either bow." Meantime I crouched down by the steers man on the weather- quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much furaher to sea. tlv—, the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching tco cicsely the many banks and spins of sand, which run out from the bir, and over which moat of the -?— H-r barcuss eocil Scot very well. The lending ships, however, ap peared to teas ch»e to the bar on eue side as we were on the ether. "Now," said Peralta, "grant that the stupidi'-y of those fellows on shore wi3 keep them from making any sf gut1 to their cam- j Tides out at seaj" But'the words were hardly out of his mouth, when the water and the sky were lit up with a migotiy flash, and ! the loud report of "a great gun — a email but- j teryof which was plantedbefcrethefrat — came i rolling down tho river ; and i—raefliitefy j afterwards a straggling volley of small arms rattled all along" the bank, aa though the soldiers were dispersed and running down ! towards the sea. By this time, the white water on (he bar was close ahead. "Starboard — starboard. Keep her a Ittle away, master, the channel is on the lee- bow," cried Disco. The course of the piragua was altered accordingly, and gtanesg i Is-8aw . 1,10 , Btreak of dark wafer, tho open sea; at the same tunc that the fleet of pearl fishers answered the alarm from ashore by torches, waving lanterns, and shouting and jnafc aa they had done tho nigattnat tho privateer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off ore of too very best in his clutch. At this moment we having drawn dear of tho sand hills on shore, the breezo freshened, sweeping down the (mast heavy with the dew of the night air. , ® l»gtt sails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as ngid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which roiled in from tho offing -r-not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing the foam sparkingly np into th» air but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying than swimming — borne more by tho winds tboa tilO waves. Trulv. I had nprpr atilod ! m wonderfully-fashioned a craft— so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and bend, and_ quiver in the seas — hut e7?r oa, gaily and lightsomely she went, sliding, as it were, without noise and without shock, leaping with a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swells, which now, as the water shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by us, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when ho likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding ghost. While I was still wrapped in, amazement at the performances o! the - canoe, ehe was flying' across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole thing- passed over me like a vision— a dream flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their canvaa flappimr, and their booms, andysres, and ropes, creak- ing and moaning, and rattling together— of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torches and lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Peralta to lie to. and nut about — and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in ihe air. All thia, I say, appeared to pass by me like a vision or a dream— and it only lasted for a few brief moments— for the piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew through the panic-struck squaaron, who could no more catch her, than they coald the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragua's fore rigging, but even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed hemp fell hack into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save ene or two loiterers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a conple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. coM Ho ! ho ! ho !" laughed Peralta. " Here mes the elephant chasing the weasel, and thft bnKflnt fKttlra ilmt tho tear tn begin the race is to ro3r a little." And, indeed, any attempt oi the big ship to follow us would have been jnst about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more gnus, whether with shot in them or not wo neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, aa we conjectured, to learn th6 cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and then setting the head of the boat about nor-nor- west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, " Northward Ho ! for Jamaica." Por about an hour, during which time little was spoken, Peralta held the helm. He then called ns all round him, and apportioned the watches in the ordinary seaman fashion — I beingplaced with Disco, and be taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed un whose watch should beerin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the manage ment- of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to Eeem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath tho half -deck which extended from the bows to abaft the foremast, he colled himself np along with Jenipa, and the pair went Tery quietly to sleep. Daring our watch, wbicn was tranquil, I tried to obtain some infor mation from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes oi our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough npon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me Tery truly that I ought to know more about the reason of our departure than ho, having como from the shore, while he had been sleeping on beard the piragua. At that I told himwhatlhadheard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the trnth. The Hosquitto man merely shruggedhis shoulders, and said he could mahs nothing of it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binnacle lamp Bhono upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confess. Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Peralta's hints about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I bad actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the merchant bought of the cap- 1 tain of tho fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by deal ing quietly with the openers themselves, to wbich class I concluded that J nan and Blanco must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I remem bered much that I had heard touching the CTfst number of pearls supposed to - be secreted by tie Indians; "tn spine of the utmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamaica Jcocs had, I knew, ere now gone to hover : near the ce Is Hschs, having their agents andccrresptncents, in various disguises, lurk- neon the cces;, and of course keeping up commmtiraricn with the Indian divers and oreners : tut the adroitness and courage i shown fcy Feralra in Siring as a Spaniard oceular ameczst Spaniards, and supporting the character' of a regular pearl merchant, ccmzauracattng with the captain of the fishery, wcEe in reality he wasdrirfng the fcesc part of his trace by m'rri'srd dealing virik rb. Ihdhsas. conducted, no dottc-c, a; great and constant risi oi detection and i-'ju-K ; all r- - inspired me with no small resteer for the acilities and the nerve of the owner of the piragua. _ Then I thought with what ecol generalship he had conducted the retreat, cot loeirg a moment by delay, yet measures with a5 great ecm- TOsnre celiteraribn aa if he were depttrt- ng upon s pleasure erciie- Afterwards, I began to won<S=r that I had uotocserred bim; when leering the hat, take with him the amocst of pearls, which I felt sure that he must have amassed; bet a few minutes" rtflectica cocrinceQ me, from the peruse; cueouoera wrih which he had vraliei cut of the hut, rat rearing i» phi cp arty one artafle of those strewn about, zhiz aH the rifnstlss which he possessed oa shore, he carried eccsactlr coueealed about | his tersm. Indeed, fa the matter of such ecetly tore as pearls, cr precious stones, a ! man's own garment formed by for the ! safest depository to be fand ia the raa- ! chbera. I While breeding ore- these thing?, the I nizhi tossed sSsuiry away. With the grey I dwn, "Peralta re lie red re, and we crept in cor tarn under rite half -deck, aad slept until I the snn rose high into the unclouded heaven, and the piragua waa staggering along under j reefed canvas, bending over to the whistling j trade-wind, ani leaping from sea to sea like I a hunted stag. Daring the day, little j oi note occurred. Peralta avoided taking I oe farther into his confidence, and I Lad tact enough to see that I ought to refrain from seeming to intrude upon his mystery. As I watched him, however, 1 often saw him bite his thin Hps, and wrinkle his forehead, and clench his hand, as if dis- toesang thoughts haunted him; and at last ho broke ont, addressing nobodv in particu lar, but speaking raoodilv to himself— "Those poor fellows f" he cried, "those poor fellows, Juan and BUnco — I would give every pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and sound in this pira'ma. The Spaniards will hang them ; nav, indeed it may have been already done, "and their bodies are swinging in this same sea-breeze?" Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort we could haTe possibly made would haTe sufficed to rescue the Indians, and thai wo had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. " No, no," said Peralta. " We could not have got them ont of tronble ; but we haTO been the cause that they fell into it." _ He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand iato his bosom, ho drew it forth the hollow of tho palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in the son, like beads of frozen milk. Then he poured tho precious morsels from one hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. " a7>" he cried, " and yon will sparkle in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across tho western sea. Tittle will she think how her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornment are but as coagulated drops of human blood. Bed, red, you ought to he, and not of that lying virgia whiteness — red, red, you ought to be, as' the guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but aa lumps of brown carrion— only good to feed the vultures and the crows !" At this, I observed Jenipa and Disco ex change carious glances with each other; but Peralta, after musing for a short space farther, put the pearl, back into their hiding- place, and resumed, to a certain degree, his usual manner. ' I doubt not, he said to me," presently, but that your icuteae-s hath taught you much of what last night von burned to know. The two poor savages of whom I spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare psarl hath come to my wallet, instead of their Spanish task-masters. But ail Is over now. While I remained oa shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it been within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring them off, bat it fell ont otherwise. What i3 writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may yon find the next world a better one than this.' Haring pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed hi3 former demeanour, and I never heard him allnd to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and hanlyard cracking and straining : the bine heaven, with cot a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polished sides, she tore away upon her head long coarse. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing lack, sending the young hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragua for very cheery-heartedness — Peralta smiling slyly a: my antics — and sometimes lifting np my voice, I sang an echoing chorus to the music of wind ana wave ! " A day cr two,' I thought, " and I shall see, sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her Enow-white awning the cheery voice of my eld comrades, of Stoat Jem, the true- hearted, and Nicky Hamstring, tho merry - mindgd J " Alas ! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay — not so fast ! There are perils J ad sufferings for you, by sea and laud, cro'-you step upon English rruir- again 1 - CHAPTER XXV. the vreir.T-l IS PICZSD c? bt a qbe IT psrviieee, xsn i teq hysel? ahoxo sew ramfim We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. At the setting of the sun we had seen, even from onr low vessel, the distent outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle watch. I roused up clout an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua heaving npon smooth, oily swells, all uc- great mist around us, packing upon the water as thick as smoke from a man-of- war's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chili camp. I waBced np and down the small fore deck of the piragua, trying, ha my thin garments, to keep myseii warm, and whistling for a breeze to How away to lee ward the filthy fog, which seemed, as h were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its censes; volume aious the piragua. Standing at the tows, i cocid not see the stern, ardas for the heads of the sails they were loet ia the thick opaque air. I; was curious to gaze out upon the water as the fclack- lookxng undulations of the sea rolled underus, the mist seeming (a rise rirutfiif wirit them, and sometimes fcoEing and eddying from the motion of the waves, although, no; a breath of wind strayed aver the ocean- I mizht hare ceen upon, duty afcuin half an. hour, when I ahnoe; leaped from, the deck .with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whence I knew cot, out ringing shrilly through the air, a loud cry or scream. Hke that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. "Disco," I shouted, "die. you hear tnati What was tea; cry 1" _ . But Indian, insteadcf answering me, stood dumb trembling, aa though, struck with terror. Instantly the- cry was repaired, and even louder aad more- vehemently thuu before. " It is a spirit," sail the Iniiim " It is some spirit of the fog. I- will com a to. ns and kill us." But I heeded net the sun orsQion. of the ignorant creature, and marie buz one round ; to where Peralta lay sound asleep, clutching and shaking him to ' araas him, and telling him to same breath that there was either a ship or a boat close aboard of us in the fog. The "rearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for the space of 3bont ten minutes we listened with all our ears, out heard no sound, other than the nsopiug of oar sails and the creaking of the vards as they rubbed and swayed against the inaste. It was odd that, although both Disco and myself heard lie cry so distinctly j repeated, we neither of us could tell the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhace the fog affected sounds passing throcih it. At liferents, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way ! to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might Tery likely be ! aa enemv, and which would certainly be \- raore than a match for the light piragua and her crew of four. Ail this while the dawn was gradually brightening through the mist ; the foe, which before was of a pitchy dawV- ss, tecominr gradually of a pale grey hue, and then lifting and opening here and there, so as to show tones, as it were, and patches ef clear air which, in the next moment, would be agiiu fiikd up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mis': was evidently thinning as thai sa apcrcached to the horizon, and we watched warily to catch tha first glimpse of OCT unknown neighbour Presently, the fog began to change its cold white hue for a tinge or blush" of warm and golden light, which apreared, as it were, to penetrate and rerrade the vapour, and by which we knew that the sua had ri-cn ; while, at the same time, our glimpee into the ever-shifting tones and clear spaces continually being formed by the motion of the seething wreaths and. masses of vapour, Rooming eye ry moeasht longer and clearer— Peralta, who was standing npon the starboard gunwalebf the ntragua, suddenly exclaimed, in alow, earnest tone, " There ! look there f We all turned round at once, and saw, not thirty fathoms from us, the dusky broadside and towering rigging of a ship. She was gracefully rocking upon the long teas, the mist all curling round her, and floating, aa it appeared, in blurring patches and masses among her _ extended sails, bo that the mssts and all the fabric of spare and canvas which they bore were half lost to the bewildering vapour. We bad no time, however, to make any Tery minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon as wo saw her, and half a _ dozen men, clustering into the main rig ging, shouted out, iu French and English, that we should pull tho piragua alongside. I looked at Peralta. He slightly shrugged his shoulders. " If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " Ho ! the piragua ahoy !" was now again hailed from the strange ship— " come along side, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you." Hiis threat bad hardly been uttered, when as if to back it, a cannon was fircd from the maindeck, and wo heard tho ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pasj above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away, and, as it were, con densing and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around — so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at leart twelve cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top.gallaut- sails spread, but tho yards braced clumsily, tho canvas ill set, and much of tho rigging in a loose and disorderly condition— the jib indeed hanging in great festoons down from the bowsprit — so that when the ship plnnged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pooling from the belly of tho sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to he a great swarm of men, wbo_ suddenly clustered upon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at qs, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed ont — j Why, comrades, never believe your eyes —if it be not Old Rumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many placC3 besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold r Hast been a privateering in a bark canoe — or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of the Alain 1" Peralta seemed in nn vnr nnf nn S lw tt i c recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called ont that he was heartily glad to meet with eo many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high e63s. Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or .Rumbold that he Tras an honest felloTT, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. X watched the pearl- merchant, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of onr voyage. "Had it not been for that cursed fog," he whispered " this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'en row with the tide and humour them." UO Bz corrorczD. 