IR'oveltet. AT BERKELEY HALL; ' okj A Tale That is Tohl. PRESTON LEE * OTIS. In faith, child, it, was a start you gave ltie then, standing in your white frock before that portrait. 1 am grown old, now", and more nervous than when in years gone by I.found inyv mistress gazing at this same picture of the young lord and his first wife. The story of these very paintings it was I promised to tell you ?_ Very willing to speak am I of those days in which my thoughts still dwell, but you must bear with an old woman's humble speech. To begin, then, the old lord, Sir Arthur, was on his death bed when came the letter from Mr. Harold in foreign lands. Long ago he had gone to Florida, in the States, and married a Spanish woman, since when his family knew but little of him. But now this letter carno, pleading with Sir Arthur to take hiB only child, a daughter, and care for her in the homo of her ancestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that lying on a bed of illness and nigh unto death, so great was hiB trust" in his brother that he had-madearrangements for the child to depart for Berkeley Hall as soon as he was gone from her, knowing that her uncle would endeavor to take place -with her of father and mother. , , Sir Arthur, on reading this as a mes sage from; the dead, ? was sore distressed, and bade me to him. "Mrs. Wilkins," he said, his poor voice all tremulous like, " my brother, by this time awaiting me beyond:the known, has sent his daughter to mo to rear, and much I fear that I shall not be here to welcome her. So to you I give trust to make the little one happy until my son" Arthur comes home to take charge of her.'' , ? t hereupon gave I my solemn promise to domy best, being but a youngthing my sslf, just turned of twenty-three, and not yet a year married. , ; Mr. Arthur was the pnly son, and a deep grief waB it to the old lord that ho was not with' him in his last extremity.. But Mr. Arthur had travelled away two years sooner, crazed with the sorrow of his young wife's death, and for all he .wroto .regularly to the old lord ho made no mention of his back- coming'. ^-Yesj that-is the young Sir Arthur and his wife. She was the daughter of a neighboring gentleman, and handsome as you see, albeit too large for my liking. A . fine-looking woman Js mistress Elizabeth Berkeley," said everyone. . But big and strong though she seemed, she. lay dead of a cold before they had been married four months. The young husband was like one mad when the brown hair and bluei eyes were covered away^ from him; whereupon his father sent him to foreign countries to seek forgetfulness. But I was telling you-an old woman rambles, lassie, and it seems but yester day, ^these happenings. Well; the old lord died and was laid away where all the Berkeleys sleep, and in a fortnight or less came the little niece. Ah, but she'was to look upon, was- Miss Agatha Berkeley 1 When she sat in the shadow, one thought she had her Spanish mother's 1 hair-j but when she came forward in the light, though it still kept its deep tone, it seemed that surely some of the cold radiance of the moonlight in her Southern country had warmed and melted in her tresses. And though her shining eyes were black as midnight, to watch her brows and lashes, her skin was fair as lilies, minding me of nothing so much as of the spotless snow that lies against the charred trunks in the forest. ^She was fifteen when she came to me, this pretty, pale creature, but so small that she looked to be a child of eleven or twelve, and so pitiful in her black frock that my heart warmed to her ; so that in . the years that-came we grew faBt friends, more like to sisters than mistress and Si® ^or ^ S0rved Miss Agatha as I had Mistress Elizabeth before her. When Sir Arthur had been.notified of the old lord's death and his young cousin's arrival to us, he wrote that as yet he wa3 not ready to return, but that Miss Agatha was to have all that befitted a Berkeley, enjoining uponMr. Clark, his man of busi ness, the care of this, and of hex* gover nesses and masters. But when Miss Agatha, amid new scenes, put away her grief and became her gay, childlike self again, she, and she alone, reigned at Berkeley Ilall. The .old lawyer ran down from London almost weekly to bring one governess and take away another, and all because Miss Agatha would have it so. Truth to tell, as sweat and lovely as she seemed, she had Satan's own temper, and a time of terror it were here when our pretty mis . tress was crossed ini any way. But with me she wasnever angry. For one reason, it mattered not the question, I gave way to her, for being so little older, not well could I take authority. Perhaps it may . have been a3 my husband-who was . butler-said, that in this way I made her atill more fiery and ungovernable ; but God knows I always loved my young mis tress,and would not willingly have harmed her. Well, in some way time drifted by till Miss -Agatha had ruled us four years, vrhen, coming slowly into this picture gallery, one evening, I saw. her all in white standing liko a ghosb before this picture of Sir Arthur and Mistress Eliza beth, liia wife, as you stood but just now, child. Being nineteen years of age, my mistress was still a child's height, slender and graceful. Perhaps I am partial Lo by gone days, but I think now, as thought, I then, that never saw 1 so beautiful a woman. Well, she turned toward me that oveuing and called me in her gentle voice : "Here, Wilkina." . I went up to hor before the portrait. " Wilkins,"sho said, " this is my cousin Arthur and his wife ?" " Yes, Miss Agatha," I answered, wondering at the strange tenderness in her voice. . " Why had they the portrait made in so odd a position ?" I told her then, as but yesterday I told you, how that Mistress Eiizabet-h hada fancy for being done in the pink and gray brocade she had Worn the night Sir Arthur c.inie a-courting, and how he, in his gay way, made mention that she had best be seated upon the same divan, with him standing to look down on her, even as he had done that time. And so the gay young things had it painted, for all the old lord's teasing. And the day it was framed and hung, aa I was seated here with my broidery, on account of it being a cool spot, in they came all smiles, and happiness, to stand before it and praise or fault- find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at the admiration the artist had caught into her husband's handsome face, and ho vowed hers not half handsome enough to give her justice, scribbling with his pencil upon the frame " The Eventful Moment," as I myself read when they were gone.. Well, all this and much more I told Miss Agatha, she questioning me, in terested, in her pretty way. 1 spoke to her of his grief, how lie had sought foreign wanderings, and her large black eyes filled with tears. "Wilkins," she asked slowly, " do you know I like his face 1 I love it! Do you think that my cousin will .ever come home ? I should try to comfort him and I could do it. J could indeed, Wil kins !" Ah, she was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. Well, just then behind us a step sounded, and I turned to see Sir Arthur ! Older, browner, handsomer, but still Sir Avthur. His eyes sprang to meet those of the woman in the portrait, and ho stood still in a kind of spell-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, she turned paling to the window, after a glimpse of his stern, sorrowful face/ Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, like one rousing from a swoon, and for the first time seemed to see me. " How are you, Mrs. Wilkins ?" he said, in his old, hearty way. "And is that my little cousin over there ?" . , At this Miss Agatha.rose from the win-., dow seat and came forward, putting her slender hand into his strong clasp. " ? t; Much astonied was Sir Arthur to find his cousin such a woman, for he had thought of her only as a child, forgetting: that time had stood not still at Berkeley to await his coming. In the days that came I was always with them, sitting, as need be, at a respectful distance with my work; and well I know, long, before Sir Arthur or my pretty lady herself, that her heart was longing for lii3 love. - Ah, well, child, it was not strange. She had loved him before she saw him, and now that he had come ho was bonny to look upon, and always with the ladies h^d he a way that was tender and chival rous. : The old forests where she had wandered alone now knew two young beings rambl ing in the shade ; for hours they rode to gether, and long talks had they. Even as hispresence was happiness to her, so he liever seemed to tire of her playful ways, her soft, slpw, sweet voice, her evi dent liking. v Rarely looked Sir Arthur in those days upon the portrait called " The Eventful Moment," though often came he with his cousin for a romping game of battledore or graces in the long gallery. Some months had gone on in this way, and Miss Agatha grew, each day more gentle and sweet till well-nigh had we for gotten her terrible rages, when one even ing she entered hor room to robe for dinner. I had left her a moment since reading alone in the library, but when I glanced up at her I Baw Bhe was pale like death, and had her white teeth, set cruelly over her lip. " You may go," she said quickly, see ing my look. "I shall attend to my own costume to-night." I left her at once, for I saw she was angr3'i and wondering what the cause, I wandered in here. Then I knew. On a couch before this picture lay Sir Arthur, his oyes fixed upon the picture of his handsome wife. He did not hear my coming, and even as I stood thunder struck, a shuddering sob shook him, and he said aloud : " So soon, my Elizabeth?" Noiselessly I retreated and sought my pnistress. If she had seen and heard aught, that I had" her poor loving heart must be near to breaking. When I entered the room she was standing before the long mirror, unfasten ing her splendid hair. As it fell heavily beside her pale face, it was like heavy smoke drooping on a snow-clad,roof. "Madam," I questioned, wondering at my own bravery, "what gown shall I make ready ?" "Did I not tell you that 1 should not need you 1" she answered slowly, like one whose thoughts are far away, c Without answer I took down a green gown, meshed over with white lace, one in -which Sir Arthur had likened her to a sea-wave with the creat of foam.breakino over. > . c " It ia in this gown that my master likes best to see you," I ventured again. Ah, my dear, I fear I should not be so courageous nowadays. She turned fiercely, and I thought her angry eyes would burn through me for an instant; then she cast herself down in a wild passion of tears. " Oh," she cried, and never shall I forget the agonised voice, "oh, Wilkins, you know it! Yon have seen that I love him ! And-and have I shown him ?" in a broken whisper. " No-oh, my poor child, no !" I made loving haste to say. " It-he- Sir Arthur loves his cousin, and knows that she loves him in-in that way; that is all; believe me, that is all." In some degree WAS she comforted, but her grief and shame overwhelmed her for a time, and it was long ere I was permit ted to robe her in the sea-wave gown ; and then, indeed, what with her pallor, she was more like a spring snowdrop. For all I could see, my lord was as usual at dinner - a fine gentleman he, with his powdered hair and rich attire and so Miss Agatha, saye that she spoke seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I saw Sir Arthur look at lior curiously once or twice, but he said naught; only when he was finished offered his arm to lead her to the music room, I following and sitting near the window, as was my wont. Sir Arthur seated his cousin in a high backed chair before the spinet, and then sho spoke in a voice which was half a sob : " I cave not to sing to-night." But my lord insisted, though he saw she wished to refuse ; and presently her white hands fell on the keys, and she ran over the prelude. When the sweet voice caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair close and sat listening with his eyes fixed on Miss Ayatha's face. " " I am thinking of Lbee hlwriy-with a love \- undreamed before; I am longing for thee alway-lay this thought unto thy heart-" Suddenly her voice died away and her nervous hands crashed discord down the keys. - "I cannot sing to-night, my cousin," she said, answering his startled look. "Not that ballad, but it may be I shall do better with some other." Over Sir Arthur's face flashed a won dering expression. Then lie said with a gaiety strange and new : I cry your pardon, cousin, but we mast have our same ballad to the very end." "Notif.I cannot sing it," she said, gently. " And if you cannot, why? Did you not sound that sweet voice through all the strain but a week ngo ? And does the nightingale forget her notes so. soon ? Try again." ' And so poor Miss Agatha was forced to siug the ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded heart, understood the trembling tones in which at last she finished: 4 Wlien the glowing crescent cradle gleamed that night from out .the skies Then he spoke to me' with language-he ' bad told me with his eyes/' As these last words died away Miss Agatha turned slightly, with a faint smile, and met Sir Arthur's eyes. All the truant blood flushed into the white throat and face to meet his gaze. As for him, he had gone quite pale, crushing the music in his hand and leaning for ward. " I " Ah, Agatha, liavo 1 indeed told you what T have so hardly struggled to con ceal V' I heard him whisper softly. Even while joy for her filled my heart, I saw her draw back in scorn. " My lord, you forget Mistress Eliza beth Berkoley!" she said. Ay, it was a cruel word she spake, and forgetting myself in dismay, I had al most Bprung toward her when I heard his voice once more. "I do, swoet Agatha,-...though, as seemed more meet, I tried not to lose her from my thoughts. But a man can not choose but render up his lovo with those black eyes upon him.", '?*??? When I perceived from her face that i not'again would she scorn her happiness, ; I fled away and left the twain, rejoicing that it was so. Well, they were married at once, and for all they loved each other truly, they wero not happy. Poor Lady Agatha was jealous of the portrait of Mistress Elizabeth: she could not brook to . Bee her husband . looking so at her in the picture. Well do I remem ber when she made a silk curtain and hung the portrait over. As I said just now, she was always a bit fanciful and childlike./ Scarce had I, assisting her, completed the hanging of the silk, when in came my lord. When he saw what she had been about, his brow contracted as though some sudden pain beset him, and he questioned: ^ "Is,this well done, Agatha?" " Ay, sir," she answered steadily. "It is well done for my peace of mind, though not, perchance, for your desires." Aiid with that she ran past U3 both like-a mad creature, and flung herself sobbing on her bed. Sir Arthur, alway3 as forbearing as on the night of their betrothal, suffered the curtain to remain without farther speech, and shortly after yielded to his wife's wish to have their portraits painted, seated, as on that evening in the music room. Indeed, lie refused her nothing, and when she bade him have a name let into the wood-work of the frame he complied with but little delay, though she would not, tell him wherefore she wished it. "A Pause in the Music," Bhe had chosen, and though always it sounds to me lilfe a fancy picture, yet it was her desire. One evening, when for some reason she seemed sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur drew her in here for a game of romps; but she went and stood before her own portrait, hanging beside the curtained one. When her husband came to her Bide, Bhe turned suddenly, leaning against him, and said sadly : " Ah, Arthur, it was an unhappy mo ment when into the music of your life I brought my discordant notes. The music paused-never again to be so sweet." ' At this, comprehending her whim of the, name, Sir Arthur was sore wounded ; but he reproved her gently for her idle fancies, and presently she grew quite gay in assurances of his tender love. But it was only for the time. Matters went from bad to worse, and my mistress grew more hard to bear with each day. For the first time she quarrelled with me, her ever faithful maid, and her fits of pasBion came often er and lasted longer. As a revelation did it come to Sir Arthur her uncontrollable temper. Always have .1 believed that the poor child was near distraught for fear her husband should love better the dead wife than the living. Often wondered I at his marvellous patience with his passionate wife, for she would have caused a saint to wax wrath, though I speak against one dead and gone. Well, one evening, to make a long story short, my lord and lady sat at tea, and it was I who served them. Presently my mistress asked her husband if his tea were to his liking. Pleasantly enough he answered, in his joking way, that it had been made sweeter for him in days gone by. My lord thought of his indulgent mother and his days of boyhood, but my mistress was in a white rage directly. " Would to goodness the Mistress Elizabeth were here to make it for you 1" she cried, in her insane jealousy, and ere he or I saw what she did, she had flung the warm tea full in his face. I stood deprived by fear of motion, but my lord, for the first time in a long life, had lost control of his temper. Dashing the tea from his face, and strode to her side, and oh, it was an evil moment in which he did such a cruel act! for in far ? less time than I tell you in, he had lifted ! the bare, pretty arm and broken it against lus knee! My lady sank back fainting, and niy lord, when he saw me dart to her side, i got himself away. Well, he sent off at once for a surgeon, and the arm was set. and much was the wonderment as to the breaking. I could only say that I had found her lying 60. When alie came to heraelf again I was sitting by her s'de, and never shall I for get the anguished look when she saw the bandaged arm and took remembrance of what had happened. She turned toward me with wide-stretched eyes. " You will not let him come in, Wil kins V " No, mv lady," 1 promised mournfully, and presently she slept.. But poor Sir Arthur's remorse was dreadful to witness. " How can I ever blame poor Agatha's lack of self-control,'' he would groan/ " when my sinful temper has led me to so brutal an act 1 Do you think she will see me to-morrow, Wilkins V' But though on my knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, she steadfastly re fused each day to see him. When I spoke of his agonising remorse, she interrupted me. "Wilkins, will you carry my husband a message from me ?" "That will I," I answered, right gladly, ,for metliought she had relented of her harshness. "Tell him from me, then," she said, and her voice knew no tremor, "that never in this world, or the next, do I wish to see his face again." "Oh, my lady," I begged, almost stunned, "do not ask me to tell him that!" "You promised. Go !" she said, coldly, ! and, with tears streaming from my eyes, I went. I Sir Arthur lifted toward me, when 1 entered to him, a face which had aged i five years in a fortnight. 1 '' Well j Wilkins ?" he said, a faint hope brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that cruel message, X know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, I found myself back with my lady, and shivering like one in an ague. . No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, for the time, I hated her. When she could have come from her room, but kept it, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and when he saw that it was ieven so, he handed me, one day, a large envelope thick with contents, ask ing that I give it unto my mistress. She psrused^ the document coldly, and re placing it, bade me carry it back, at which my lord inquired eagerly if hia wife re- ( lented of her coldness. When I answered him nay, a look of blank despair fell over i the handsome face. . ' ! He told me the envelope contained his I commission, and that he should go away ! on the morrow to serve the king, seeing that he could not \ his wife. And my heart bled for him when lvb said he could" ! not-ride until he had seen her. So I made bold to bid him follow me to my haughty ?lady's {chamber unannounced. , - , - \- When lie entered in I shrank back amid the hangings, afraid for this thing that I; had done. ' My lady sat gazing from her window, and did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it me, until, struck by the silence, she turned and saw her hus band. , " You I" she said, in a voice mingling 'fear with scorn. "You!" " I am come to say good-bye, Agatha," he answered, cut to the heart by look and tone. Then quoth my cruel lady, with hand outstretched to the door: " So be it, fare thee well, Sir Arthur." He turned, leaving her presence, and his face .was that of the old lord, his father, when he had lain dead in his coffin. And so my mistress let him away with out word of forgiveness or wifely love, even though her heart raged in her bosom through worship of hiin. But she chide me not for the bringing of him to her chamber. For many months we led a right lonely life in Berkeley Hall. My master wrote most regularly to his harsh lady, and each letter she read with indifferent mien, handing it therewith to me, that the ser vants might know how their master fared. This news carried I to the servants hallj and of the war, but knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionate tenderness and pleading for forgiveness which filled his pages. Never a line of good or ill did my mis tress pen, held by her wicked pride. But when the winter came on severe, and the great house grew chill and draughty, then did she grow each day more unlike her self. Nojlonger did she read, or sing, or run, childlike, through the great falls. Hours now she passed gazing out at the snow-clad forests and gray akies; and oft times at night, when the gusty winds roared through the cracking trees and whistled sharply at the house corners, would I see her straining her eyes out through the darkness. And on one such a night I found her weeping in the win dow seat, and I knew she pondered on my lord, homeless, and battling not alone with men, but with fierceness of the ele ments and a despairing heart. It was then I plucked up courage to beseech my lady to write and bid her hus band home again, knowiug how that she had forgiven him long since. Which same, after much bitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. But for her stub born pride now was she punished by a waiting long and grievous to be borne, in which we heard not from Sir Arthur, save rumors of battles hard-fouglit, won and lost, and of many killed and wounded. In the early spring my mistress fell ill unto death, and after many weeks, in which it seerfted that the struggling soul must surely escape the fragile little body, I robed her once more, and carried her down to the great hall where she liked best to be. And I think we both wept for very happiness that she had not fled away during those months of suffering. And now she saw that it was summer time for the trees were heavy-leaved and the grass sprung greenly, and still her one thought was for the warrior husband for whom in silence she had grieved herself down into the shadow of death. m As the hot days dragged by we saw that health was not for her again unless the absent came. For she grew no stronger, and when I lifted her from chair to couch, or carried her along the stairway, almost it was as though I held my own infant in my arms. One evening, when I had cushioned her in the deep window seat, with the sashe3 all thrown wide that she might feel the faint breezes steal across her wan face, she spoke to me of this. "Wilkins, do you think he will come quickly ?" And I, knowing of whom she thought, made haste to answer: '' Surely, my lady ; in a few weeks now, at the utmost." 704 * "But Wilkins," her answer came, mingled with a sob, so weak was she, poor lamb, that scarce could she speak without tears, " but oil, Wilkins, then 3 may not be here !" So chokcd was I with the fear that she spake the truth, that I could only kneel at her side and kiss the thin hands. With that she looked at me keenly, and reading my face drew in her breath sharply once or twicc, as a person wakened suddenly from deep sleep, then turned her face again to watch the stars, calm and bright above earthly unrest and gloom. Presently I sank low on the floor, lean ing my head lightly against my mistress, and so we sat far into the star-lit night. But bethinking myself of her feeble state, I besought her to allow me to bear her to her chamber, and when she ausweved me not, a cold fear sprang, like a cluich ing hand, to my heart, for I saw that she had swooned. The next day my lady asked me i£ I would render her a service. " What would I not?"I asked, where upon quoth she : "When I am gone, do you tear the silken covering from the portrait of my husband and Mistress Elizabeth, and should he come again, tell .him I bade it done. But firmly am I-p'ersuaded that in another world he sees my sorrow.and re pentance, and I myself will have his love and pardon ere many days." Nevertheless, she said to me, a little later in the day : " I am trying hard to await his coming, but it is so long-so wearily long!" and again: "All, many and many a break was there in the two-fold music of'our j lives! Mine were the discordances and the failures. Tell Arthur that now I have paused to take breath for an endless har mony.'? No, it had not been a happy marriage, that of my lord and my lady, and yet they loved each other. My lady's Spanish blood had spoiled her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gave him no clue to the wild pas sions and changing moods'in the woman he had won. . Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lower, and all were despairing^of her life, when my lord came home. Riding hard he came, mud-he- j spattered and travel-worn, dashing up to I the great hall door and ? flinging from his steed. Adown the stair was I coming when I saw him on the threshold, and as one paralysed T stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But my master strode across the hall and up tile stair to where I halted, his jingling spurs and clanking sword sounding strangely harsh in that quiet house. "God save you, good Wilkins," he said, merrily. Do you mistake a man' for a ghost that you stand ^and stare? Where bides my dear lady ?" And then methinks he must have seen trouble in my face, for he grasped my arm so that it was blue for many days, and demanded hoarsely.: M' May it please you, sir,'' I said at last, mistress is very ill; I fear this sud den joy-will kill her. Let me tell her you are here, lest-" . , 1 - "No, no! my sweetheart; will not die of me !" he cried. " And love shall snatch her from the very grave !'' He sprang past me and into the cham ber of my mistress. I heard a wild scrcam, and then sank trembling ou the stair; for only that day the doctor had shid a sudden shock would kill my poor Iamb. But, ah ! I need not have whimpered so vainly, for from the hour of Sir Arthur's coming Mistress Agatha rallied ; . and when at last she came down stairs again her dark eyes soft and tender with happi'. ness, her limband carried her, not I. In truth, even had lie not grudged me that sweet service, she had grown much too heavy for my poor arms. The picture of Mistress Elizabeth was presently uncovered by my lady's own hands, and in the days to come often stood she before it with her husband, ad miring its fair beauty with never a trace of jealousy or anger left in her chastened heart. For love and suffering had done m her their work. JIany years have passed since then, child. I am an old, old woman, out living husband, master, mistress, all I loved. I can only wait patiently for the brief days to end which separate my dear ones from the fond heart that loved them so, and which is faithful still. 