A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. _ By W. C. P. pCB modern civilisation, has devised many novel methods -whereby those -who are matrimonially incline^ may secure husbands or "wives ;* butiwe; -venture to say that, amongst those iwhoxn-* singular acci^ntk.or jnatrijnoiiial iajrencies have brought togeth er„rfc iwoulcl be_ difficult. to find any -wfadse by a more -remai-k&ble; '-honjunetlpnof ;ieirfcumstances fiiah^thatdescribed in fiie'folldwirig narrative. Every linh in this singular chain was, forged by superstition, and yet, as filings turned out, all ended happily. Many years ago there lived at the little English village of Bakewell, in- Derbyshire, a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old man and his wife had one daughter, Annie, a briglit-jgyed, dark-haired ffilil :ftf PJ ^teenr ■- She.wasgoodJooking, and though possessed of many feminine graces, she could almost do a masculine amount ofwork, and was therefore agreat suppor tto her father and mother. She could manage farmwork of most sorts, and when that was not to be had, she would- find something to Cfaplbyheriuhnei^^iuiiig mine! Hecessanly she came into contact with a' good many of the rougher' sex;1 and;1 being a goodrnatured, willing girl, had already made several conquests1 over their susceptible hearts, huthad never yet seen the one she would have liked to marry. ! In those days, superstition was at its height, -and any difficulty that wanted solving was submitted to the power of spells for divination. Most of the ignorant "implicitly believed in their efficacy, and practised, them to a great extent. Annie was noexceptiori, and, young th ough she was,sh e had a strong desire to know her future fate. Once she 'had even exhorted'a priest who' passed'that way to solve'the secret for heir, hut lie warned her not jo tempt the Virgin or pry into .the unknown. Gipsies had told her fortune, but it was never fulfilled.' All.'manners of charms and incantations had she .tried, yet"without success; hut for all this she did not despair, and placed as much trnst in every succeeding trial as she. had done in the first. ' On St Thomas's Eve, she took the prescribed but impoetical large red onion, and stuck nine pins in it, according to the custom. This she did by making a little circle of eight of them, and placing the "ninth in the middle,'naming it "true-love." This she put wider her pillow, and repeated the all-powerfulverse " Good St. Thomas, do me right, Send me my true love to night, In his-cldthes and his array. , : Which he weareth every day." ' That night, in happy dreams, she saw the young mari'who was to be her future husband"; but fiih features were'strringe to "her, though he wore labouring1 clothes. Ever, after, she'looked intently at every fresh :'faee,'to discover a likeness' to " her vision, but without'success;: * J When New Year's Eve came round, she -invited some of her. young friends to come and join in merry homely -pastimes.; All sorts of curious games they .played, and the pleasant.joke passed freely round in a manner that would gut to 'shame many of fiiesh'arn,-c'oid,'ahd'uhcomforiablerri»pfw?zs of the present day.' As a conclusion jo the :evehiiig's'«Mtertawmerit, Annie brought out a large substantial' dish;' filled with "what was called a'cold posset, of her ownmaking. -itwas made rof milk, ale, eggs, currants, and -spice;and lastly, but hot least, her motheris wedding-ring "was thrown in. Then each guest- took a ladlefulout, anid in- so: doing attempted to catch the ring, for whoever did so was certaimto be married before the next year was out. Whether Annie had prepared it with a charm or not, certain it'is that she,was the lucky one who fished up the ring; and loud were the congratulations oft all Bides, for she" was much beloved by her companions. •' .' '' ■ These repeated predictions only increased her curiosity, and she "lost no opportunity of further -solving her -destiny. On St. Valentine's Day, therefore, sue . peeped .through the - keyhole before opening -the puter door, in tlie hope of seeing two or inure persons, in which case she would have a sweetheart1 very soon. But better still, she saw a cock and hen, which denoted, according to' Derbyshire belief,, that she would he married before the year was out. Everything seemed to concur in promising her married -felicity that year, and yet, inquisitive girl, she did not know who was her sweetheart! She was^sure"itwas no one she had ever seen before, for the face in her dream was totally different from any she could-remember. Thus time went on, and she was no wiser than ever.. -Midsummer Eve had arrived, and she determined to carry out a holder project tlian any she had ' before attempted, to confirm her former dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, and the last one that "hadperformed it five years before was a wild runaway whom they-did "not care to emulate. But Annie was a brave girl,5 and dared to attempt it for her own satisfaction. "Here parents were not averse to it, but let .her have her own way, foreseeing ho harm; they placed great trust in the girl, and so feared nothing. * The charm she intended to perform was this: to go to the churchyard at midnight, and whentbe clock struck" twelve, to run a similar number of times Tound'the church, repeating; " I sow hempseed—hempseed I sow, He that loves me best, Come after me and mow." The figure of the young woman's lover is tken'supposed to appear and followher.. ; Asjbe; .jfcime ^ppiroached she-felt father nervouis ;"bufc beings, gM of gbod^pirit,she hi^ediafersejf upVfor the .hccasiom -aridyat half-past eleven o'clock bade " Good-night^ to her father ancl mother, with a cheerful ' heart. ^Although superstitious, she was not aJridd, and; had -often;gone at night to strange plades, where a man would have feared to venture near. But a churchyard at midnight is not a very congenial spot, though upon this night "the moon shone brilliantly, and she could seethe old church quite' plainly . in the distance.- -Though fancying she. saw figures flitting here and there as the moon was temporarily obscured by the white fleecy clouds, she'went on undaunted till she reached the little porch,arid the gate creaked open at her touch. Though she was alone, and almost wishing1 she had not come,; her: curiosity and pride resolved her. She waited uneasily.till the old bell clanked out its dismal sound—the ghostly signal of spirit revelry—and the wind, rustled in the trees with an eerie sough. -Hound and round the old familiar J graveyard she sped, peering into the dark 1 shadows she was unable to penetrate, and ■ trembling! with - excitement Once she stopped and looked intently at the shadow j of a fiall shrub where she thought she saw some bodily form. Her imagination was so strong that she could make out the features I she had seen in her dream; hut the moon ! gleaming forth at that moment, dispelled the illusion. Vexed with her disappointment, she again sped on, construing evtty shadow info a spectre. She had been round eleven times, and was despairing of success, when in the moonlight she saw, this time quite plainly, the figure of a young man whose face seemed to resemble that of her dream. He wore ordinary working clothes, and was watching-her in intense excitement. It -was no ghost, but a Teal live human being. She stopped, breathless, while the young man, seemingly desperate, walked towards her. She did not recoil, but waited his approach. Nearer and nearer he came, and all his features appeared familiar, to her. At last he touched her, and the fascinating spell was broken; both were then perfectly certain of the other's bodily existence. His was an honest, frank face, and she trusted him instinctively. He was delighted with her modest beauty; and a series of mutual explanations followed; and after a little difficulty he fathomed the secret of the blushing girl. Both considered it a decree of fate that they had thus met, and plighted their happy troth in the old churchyard, sealing it with a time-honoured kiss. His appearance, however, at the church, was due to an entirely different cause, which he explained to Annie as he joyfully led her to her home. His name was Richard Random, and he lived at the little village of Sheldon, four miles off; but curiously enough had never before seen Annie or she him, though he had been to Bakewell several times before. He had been suffering acutely from, the philosophydefying pain, toothache, for a long time, and had unsuccessfully tried.many means to cure it. The last cure he had attempted was one peculiar to Derbyshire, the pain being supposed to be caused by a worm— an old belief mentioned, by Shakespeare in Much Ado about Nothing. To "extract it tliey have recourse to a curious method: a small quantity of dried" and powdered herbs is placed in a cup, and a hot coal dropped on it; the sufferer then holds his or her open mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoke as long as it can he borne. Then the patient breathes hard into another cup full of water, When it is said the grub or worm can be seen in the water. This, however, Richard had tried without success, and was gt.alqs$|sjbat to do .next, When a new, arrival- from - Durham told him of another cbann which was practised in'that counjy.. This he _waS only too glad to .try, to cure if possible the " love-pain," as they called toothache in these parts. The horrid charm was this: The patient must go to the churchyard at midnight and bite a tooth from an old skull, and the pain would leave him for ever. We have seen how he came to the churchyard, and how doubtless his " love-pain " left him, and by a much more agreeable process.. He had seen the girl running, .round the -church long, before---he reached it, and bad wondered what it could be. Then, he remembered the old. Derbyshire custom on Midsummer Eve, aid determined to find out whether it was a spectre or not. The rest Annie knew, and how agreeably both .had been surprised; and when lliey arrived "at her home,- matters were explained to the entire satisfaction of all. It was snch coincidences as these, and sometimes perhaps preconcerted plans, that sustained' me old 'belief in these customs and superstitions. 'Many'of the village girls were now ambitious to" tiy: this sovereign sweetheirt Charm, and for some years after the churchyard' at Bakewell presented a lively "spectral" appearance on each Midsummer Eve. Annie's curiosity was how satisfied, and three months after her strange rencontre she was married to Richard.Random at the ancient church she had so successfully circled. Loud and long were the,acclamations of joy that were raised in the village, and the old "bell clanked with a merrier tone than it had ever done- before. - All1 rejoiced that Annie was happy, though many wreathsof flowers were hung on the doors of her unsuccessful lovers, according to Bakewell custom. Itonly remains to add that -Annie -became a dutiful wife, and took events as theyeame, without attempting to peer too far into the future; while Richard Random.was never again troubled with -the toothache or "love pain." - 