CARDINAL MAXKING. (BY W. T. STEAU, IN "THE Htwuw or KliViEWS." j o:.r.E« ciiOMWKU It will probably fcurjuisD most people when I sav riiat tlie tiifet conversation I ever hud with the Oardinal dwells in tuy meiuoiT eluefly be cause of thi enlocv which he pronounced on 1 tocchantcler of Cromwell. I tun nu Indepen dent, nud the sou nf an ImlejicudenJ, nnu i ;un proud to belong to a denonuiiNtion which «m bouRt the Lord Protector as its lleto-Saint. His portrait, paintcil on an oak panel of the seven teenth century, luoks down upon tho fi om tho walls of nir'rew snuctura : niifl his day of ' double vicloiy ami death"' (oi'd September)1 ranks with flOtli January a« oiih of the red- | letter days of my year. In the Ci»tir>e of a long and interesting conversation the nume of Oliver was mentioned. I said I suppo-d lie was m spaut, favour with a Unman Cardinal. " You are mistaken. ' said he : " you are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. 1 put that entirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not ns a Cbri-diuti. but as a Moslem. But, | looking at him apart from that Irish expeui- | tiou. 1 have always regarded Oliver Cromwell as the greatest man ever prmluecd by tlie English race. Ko other ruler, lxjlore or ainee. bus united in ccpial degree such J'nitli in the Im perial destinies of Knglnud abroad mid such p;issiouatc concern for the welfare of the com mon people at houie." As it is much more to me to be in agreement with any one about Cromwell than to agree about tin; ilgnm of iiifullihtlily, au Anglican friend, to whom I re- iieated the" remark, snoorod nshe replied. 44 ITmw admire the wil- Cardinal, and how well he knew his bird.1' "OLIVJJIi OBOMWELL IS NOT PrAH." Cardinal Manning never 4> puts on Bide.' There are those who say that in dcaliup with men of his own faith lie is more of the Prince of the Church thnu he is with there who are of other communions. But so far n I linvc seen him lie h;is always been the same— genial and hospitable. I have boom him at all hours between 10 nud 10, and never foun I him dis turbed by my intrusion. P-.-ibly if people called upon him merely for goaip he might be different. I have usually gone on business of one kind or another, aud have always found him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy aud helpful counsel. Speaking one day of life position in Eiiglaud tu a visitor from Borne the Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, mid said; ,4 My priests arc a very do- voted body of men, hut so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I sometimes think thai we are even too well thought of in England. But," said he, afterwards, 44 1 always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the rights of others, aud claims nothing for itself beyond tlie equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim 'to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand auy privilege wliich was not possessed by auvone else, what a Blorui there would be'! Never forget." said he, 44 that in Euglnnd Oliver Cromwell is not dead, lie is only sleeping, and at any moment he may wakeup"'' NONCONi'OaSIISTS AND ANGLICANS. The Cardiual, nshe 1ms told tho world many times, was led to the Church of Borne because he believed that there uloue could be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain iu the world than that the Chureh has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most irajwrtnnt issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. i But to tlie Cardinal the Nonconformists are I nearer the Catholic Church than the Angli- can> : and of the Nonconformists the nearest are the Quakers, The Quakers, lie lias fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth uf the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. 44 They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to (he individual soul of man. All that they need to learu to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." Ho was particu larly pleased at nty recognition of the Quaker- like character of 'the service of the Catholic Church. The morning Mats is a Qunkcrs' meeting plus a genuflecting celebrant, whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I nave always heard him speak iu the kindest terms, fie quoted with approval the saying of Mr- Lowell, who, on hearing c.nu uiie'lightly predict the oomiug downfall of England, re marked—44 If you knew England as 1 do. you would know that the N<.i)co?iformils have crcnlcd in the hearts of the English pr-ople « , virile foiTL- and strong integrity whiih will ; I enable Kuglund to pass sai'ely through cri?e< j ; which haw overwhelmed other empires." ' in? i.ovt; roi: rnir.nj.'KN, ! i Unlike must Bon::'!! tcele.-i.-ihtics. Cardinal , ; Manning had the advantage ui having liv.-J in ; i the ordinary human ivi.itu.m-. When 'in- speaks ' . oi the houn. us the sacred foundation c.i soei.-tv, 1 , In? differs from ilm normal pric-.-r. v. bv the ! , conditions of Li. oiling is homelo and win- - h-s. Cardinal MasiJiing has he, niimrriid. He j la- had a In-m--. lie is. tin j'e:< re. not out off ! n< by :ra a by— fix:;) die liv. - ri other men. Ib' ! luv. for <:h;ldrei! i< with hfai an abidhw i.n-. : .son. and j: sY this which cc !Siiiiute«ilii- chT. ,ff. , uf Mjuiiatlivlw1we'n him am; Mr. Wau-'i. u... | ind-.-fatigai/te diiect-.r i.f i).,- S- Piccuiti-.n r.u. I:y to t/iri;.;.4. :i. wi.- i hem s > extraur-.lijian.v 3ai?r:.j r ? nt. d i.v in , Jhu-ijai.-h.. ft wm-. in « ma r:, v.-.ti, Mr. V.'ang, ' , tba' tl;-; Caidiu;ti nto!i?!.,'d " Tim Chi .1 uf ;a,. 'V7a- tin aritoe ' . Cardi'ia! ihr.t llvr M.ij. stv -i tu.'.iru becme patron -i Mr. \\\ e.m;.:ly : Jiiui in ;hv L'avdin:;! Mi. Wan-, . - vahi:ibl";.ti/ ill ;iii to it im !;:!-> Mmvn tod-izur ' the 1h-:h.:.; i-: chiMx>n of Englauu. Mur.v ) h.-» t!v -n.-.-.d.dSc-ii; a, flgur.- wlnVh the Car am.! 'will make in'; >o;;:e l.;ve . n-tntr.l 1 lirnrmrim trihum 1' "i1. ot un im'i|!-",t ! I i ' J d »i:. :.-l nsanii.c-I.m:!.- (i.iujv Lov !:. h.;4 1 4 ... thhik . f him a, tin. l"vinV.h, art-.i «!m who. when i- iilh.-l with ue?:ar\ att> r a m-dil.ga.ji un tie life am ihc l-.-.Y / \:,e L r.l. teiis iinp-hci to g-. ju til r-i::;.)jg the vr-'wds vf 'viir;rt.n,ilayi;:'_' in tl. t? Lniiiion Him wlio : aid. " SuflVr ll.f hit1.,! child:. :i lu n J WtU;7B 1, r ul n; I-: "). lime ,llt. „i lin.t lo i 1::>- :l.o !. - | Ao: ii: lv.', (A::-, ,.K- nily. He .0 mo iron: i | to"" "I" :>r1!i :::«1 uittniltu-jr Ii.-!p in lwt I linv 1 1 :' i:o: i. Ii w-r. lie «!.„ i-uh-.-t. : V lit1 s-Tve-l. iiik nc i Ii 1 I | , purl. I lulu r nt :m :rlv rt„ .... i !.„ .J0. I -illi.'.i Willi ;i mi i i it. tl.u ) mi.-lit liv.'i li.-.toij' i;; ,1„. 1 1 l 1 e J'OU !.. 1VJS Ii„i Weil ui.onpii iLut dis- lll!l! :::.d l„r.y v. if.i ,rr I., c ij..!lo-.v:iv. nor WI15 Ho p air. , I !. 301' tin1 .laiirisOlllnoilt v. lo'i li Had a.nVi'.a' .,! was of a .TV differ. l,t hind to tli.t ivl.W. 1 dually ,.„io,.:,l. ,vir:l was frarrd was that WorT- ,I„. work was dour, wlun no or.o iiiii!i>rsloo! wir.: was aian-d «t. 1 :uili: !i:i i.' i,can iwu in anil Jiuuijlicd lis if I had acti.ajiy eomntiiled ll.e ' lime i \va> ivel;- ii)gtoexpu-.e. After the Criminal Law Amend ment Act wasp:;«ied. the f "iln-u juent (rial and iraprisonmrn4 did not count. The only purpose which tne.v rerved was to loiujcastrubly in. crease the nn?r-«5sion prodsm J by the original revelations, and force one out of an anonymity which until then had lievn so btricliy guurih- tiiat my iiarao w.is Imrdiy known to anv-ne lieyund my family and jii-vffi-spir.nal circle. "Cer tainly no Ixmefit wnich my jflndet friend ever conitrred ujron mc has ever done me as much good in even direction as tor process by which ii was fought tocrutome. But it was a trying tiniu while it bmted, m.d too < 'urdiiial t-tood by nm through it all in face of a storm of uhh?quy which would have daunted raort men. I look back unnn that year with boundless gratitude to toe in- numerable friends, most of ilmui before un known, who supported ins with a zcnl and en- timeijism which J was for from d«erving. And among my Catholic supportei-s there waa none bo slaujndi and true as toe Cardinal. The first letter which I received in Coldbnth Fields prison, which wa> given me at a time when I i. A j" ti t® jeniws, wan irom the Caruunl. It was a greeting which it was well worih having gone to gaol to receive. 4< November 11, JS85. 44 My Dear Mr. Stead, — 4 Al! things work together for good to them that love God.' You have served Hiiu with a single eye. Aud the work has beeu done as you wrote on toe sen tence. Ko seuto :ce can undo it. You quoted «ay words in toe North. You have now the " jg r crown ui>on ycuv work, that is to t-uffer t , errors of judgment and a literal breach of toe law which left th morel life of England almost Without defence. I bavo so strongly felt (his und lmve bo cleurly nieii through the nnimusilie-s against you that I bcliovo what liis now befallen will wovk irtnic .-unforeseen and greater good fervour consolation. Whatsiouver it :o.hv be in my j»ower to do thall lie done. May God givu you HIb- ' Beliove tue, always yours very foithfully, HkNKY E., Canl. Archlip." Nobly did liefulfil bis promise. Never have I npuonledlo him from thai time tu this to hy'q» mc ill any work JU which %v« Were of one mind that 1 did not llml him ready to help to the. Uttcimoat of his power. AN lMrEIIIAI, ENHr.lRltMAN. When Mr. Cecil Hhodes was hit in Lnndou wc had some talk couceruiug tho&c; Ihiglishitieii whu really cured for .toe Empire aud believed in England, und were capable «» taking wide view. I" toy hst of thure who answered to that description I put tbe U'ltdiiirtl «t tbe (op, A truer patriot never breathed English air. Dining all the years that I have known bim there lias never lieeu fin effort m:nle to strengthrn Vlngland abroad or tu protect her at home that he has not been iu the forefront. Whether it has been the Mrcngtiieiuilg the navy, the defeat uf the Channel tuiiucd. the develup- meut of the volunteers, the cheapening of pod- ugo out sea, or tlie advocacy of Imperial Iroderatiun, you could always count upou the Cardinal In nuc respect undoubtedly ltom has a beneficial affect upou her eltrgy. It tends to give 'hem a wide outlook. It faiut idrises tnem with (he conception of too world us a whole, which delivers theio from paroel ialism. You see this iu any Insli priest who whs educated abroad : you feci it at every film iu the Archbishop's palace. But although the Cardinal ecrrosjionds ev.-rv week in Latin. French, and Italian, lie only thinks in English. ILs combines the spirit «£ a Pubiicrstuii with the philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles with both a tenderness and patience nud kindly synipalhy for too like of wliich I look inraiu among other tucn. nxmEjMtAr.i. in a nnu 'k.vt. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Irelniiditnd the rights of toe subject races. Ho is a Home litilcr to the heart's con?. No man that I know, not of Irish hirth, has so sincere nn admiration of the Irish jtcopla as ('avdinul Maturing, Ireland is to him always the Irie of the Saints, At the Vatican Council the Irito bishojiB seem to Maud out luorally and intellectually aljovc their hj- ethreu from other English-speaking lands. When their faults conic to light, lie ex cuses them on tho ground of the oppression of ceuturiee. Their faults ure their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather arc due to the Catholic Church, which counts the chil- dreu ol' St. 1'atnck as its missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was toing vehe mently abused, he hastened jmhlicly to take his stand by his side and identify himself with his Irish brother. For Archbishop Crokc he has always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although he is strong for Homo liulc he hue constantly set his face as a flint agaii)6t the dis memberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated wlicn'in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clicnte. All subject races are to liim of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Excter-lmll uuder a cardinal's liat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal 16 always to the fore. Nor arc his sympathies limited to those >eople with whom we have to do. Far he it from mc to pry into tho mysteries of the Curia : but it is an open socivt that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Giblvons, lins spared no effort to cuiivincc tho Vatican that the day of the dyuastics is post, and that the cm of the peoples has fully dawuod. TIIH CHRISTIAN SOCIALIST. The Social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The couditiun of tlio people, the improvement of their homes, tho re moval of their temptations— all questions re lating to the amelioration of their lot— are con stantly with him. Ho is in hot revolt against the stony- hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and ho is so far a Socialist "as to lay down in the strongest terms that ' a starving man has a natural light to his nclgli- )>our'g bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over ull positive laws of pro perty." Thoy must know little of life, he iscunstautly remiuding us, 44 who do not Iruow what ruin of men and women comes from tlie straits of poverty." There is an admirable article in tho third volume of his " Miscella nies" which is entitled 41 A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spirit of Him who came to seek and to save those who ate lost. Xor is it only iu articles that tho Cardinal prea'dics. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike— of wliich I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public merm.r; —he only did on a wider platform, and iu sight ami hearing uf a larger , audience, what he spends hU life in doing ou a smalli-i scale. 