Scenes on the Rhine. Julian Hawthorne "Writes of Cologne and Bonn. m e. The Most Magnificent Specimen of Golliia Archltectnre in the World—' The Ku;;. ration of a morris's Corpse and What Cazse of It. B was quite dark long before we reached Cologne, writes Julian Hawthorne ; in tec:, it was near midnight, and nothiDg could c? seen as we approached the city bat liplnp, gradually multiplying. The great cathedra! was invisible, hot when we emerged from the railway station, behold 1 there it rose direct: v over onr beodB, a mighty cliff of oorven stone ascending to and losing itself in toe darkness of the midmgbtaky. We gazed ami clambered into oar waggons end were driven aronnd the Znliohs Blatz (which ccntaioa not oMy the cathedral, bat the eEtsbiiEh- ments of the various firms which profess to seU toe oMy genuine cologne water), and through some narrow and devicue etreets to onr hotel, eitoated about a quarter of a mile away. After a mouthful of sapper there was nothing for the moment aa bed, and to bed we went. Onr beds were ol the familiar (fer- man -pattern, short and narrow, with s wedge-ehaped pillow and a wadded coverlid ; bnt we slept the dreamless deep of exhaus tion. The next morning we took toe train to the university town ol Bonn, twenty miles away. As we left Cologne and got oat into the plain toe vaet mare ol the cathedral, with itB twin towere, rose higher and higher above the roofe of the surrounding oity until at lecgth toe city sunk altogether out of sight and tbe cathedral alone remained and possessed tbe horizon. The proportions of this wondetf cl atmnlniv ua sn nArfsni tost it ia imnnDnM. while, in its immediate vicinity, to realise its enormous dimensions. .They are revealed only by distance, but when they are revealed they almost snrpras expectations. It is be yond question the most magnificent 01 gotbic architecture that toe world has ever seen— one ol toe few oreatione of man that abso lutely satisfy tbe craven of toe human mind for perfection. Bonn is one of the prettiest of university towns, with long, shady avenues and handsome vQlas in the outskirts. The college buildings are of the BimpleEt architec ture. The broad Shine, of a yellowish green hue, hurries by on one side, aud a few miles farther up rises the mountain of the DracbenfelB, with its ruined oastle on the summit. At tbe little chureh on the hiU near Bonn there wm a wide view over a broad and fer. tile plain for tbe membeze of toe expedition toat visited it. The cathedral rose like a distant mountain peak on the horizon. The Bhine flowed through the landscape in a long curve, and along its hanks crept three cr four raiments of hussars engaged in souio drill manoeuvres. There were masses of clouds in toe sky and Bhadovrs and eunshiea flitted across toe face of the earth. A fresh westerly breeze was blowing end the at mosphere was exhilarating, We descended in the orypt of the.chursb, where the dead monks lay in coffins on each side of toe dark snd narrow vault. The flesh had dried' and shrivelled upon their hones, and their garments had partly crum bled to pieces with age, bat the expresriou and character of each face was preserved, and toe sight, strange to say, wsb not disagree. able. The withered faces had an aspect of profound peace. Each figure lay with his hands folded across his breast. One ol them, however, had died of lockjaw, and his mouth was wide open, giving him a most singular snd grotesque appearance. There was also a story connected with this indi vidual. An Englishman with a mania for relics had broken off a thumb from this body and carried it away, bat many years alter- ward he had sent it back with the request that it be restored to its proper owner, scd adding that misfortune had pursued him ev6r since he had committed toe robbery. The ghost of toe outraged monk hod given him no reel. So there lies tbe thumb on the withered breast, and toe letter is preserved in toe archives of toe chureh. Tbe amiable tittie priest who told us toe legend smiled at ub as ha told it with a childish pleasure in this confirmation of the reality of his re ligion. It was a memorable soene — the dark crypt, lighted only by the lantern in the bgpds -ot oor guide, the dusky corpses in toeir open coffins and toe silent crowd gsaing and listening. Returning to Bonn we got into a river Steamer, under toe guidance and by the in- vitatian of the American Consul at Cologne, a gentleman who throughout treated us with toe utmost oordiMity and attention, and proceeded up toe river to the Drachentels. The ruin of Dracheniels shows the ames- nog masHveneae wun wrucn sue oia Duuaerr built. Only a fragment of toe town remains, rising straight up from toe vertical face ol the precipice for sixty feet, but so true are the lines and so ponderous toe workmanship that it mBy well stand as it is now for an other thousand years. We clambered and rambled over it, and toe photographer took our photographs, and we mads very merry in the old robber Btronghold, where toe noble robbers themselves had been merry centuries before. But tbe hour came wben we must depart, and before long we fonnd ourselves bock in Cologne, with the memory of a day on the "Rhino that will never lade away. 