Mrs. Cackle's Carpet. ' Carpets, young man, if you please !' said Mrs. Cackle. ' What sort of carpets, ma'am? Moquette? Wilton? We have some very desirable importations of royal velvet ? ' ' No. Brussels! The cheapest thing you have in Brussels that is any way decent.' Mrs. Cackle sat ud on the eighth floor of Meddle and Minturn's great store, her silken flounces rippling around her ample form, the bird of paradise plume on her hat nodding, as if to give extra significance to every word she spoke. Her tan kid gloves, glistening with many buttons, were distended with rings; her lace scarf was fastened with a gaudy diamond set bar, and her plump visage bore the traces of pearl powder and cream of roses, laid on with no sparing hand. Beside her sat herdear particular friend. Miss Rosina Rufford, who always played the part of Damon to her Pythias, and invariably went shopping with her. *' You see, Rosina,' said Mrs. Cackle, who was one of the kind that ta k very loud in public places, and in dulge in all sorts of details, 'it's for a' wedding pre sent. Lemuel gave me a cheque for a hundred dollars, and told me to buy a nice parlour carpet for his cousin, who is to be married next month ? ' ' Mr. Cackle is always so generous,' smiled Miss Rufford, whose new Bet of false teeth made her Bmiles very smiling indeed. ' A hundred dollars, did you say, dear? That will buy a very nice one, indeed !' ' It wonld,' said Mrs. Cackle, 'if I was goose enough to buy it. But I don't mean to. Cackle's only a man, and men never do understand things. What do these out of the wilderness people understand about carpets? And what do they want of the best grade? No, young man, I don't want any of the dollar and'a quarter lines. That's too high. Haven't you anything for about a dollar, or ninety cents ? It needu't'be the very finest quality, I tell you. If I spend fifty dollars on it,' turning once more to Miss Rufford, ' it'll be all that is necessary, and the extra sum I'll invest in a new satin gown for myself, Ha, ha, ha 1 Cackle is so very close with his cheque-book that now and then I have to circumvent him.' ' You are so witty, dear,'' tittered Miss Rufford. ' Nothing under a dollar and twelve cents ?' shrilly repeated Mrs. Cackle, as the salesman came back again. ' I couldn't think of paying that. Have you no un saleable patterns — nothing that nobody else will buy? The people that 1 want this carpet for are dreadfully old-fashioned, and never will know the difference.'- ' Ob, my dear, you are too funny !' said Miss Ruf ford, behind her fan. ' We have one,' hesitated the young clerk — ' a scarlet ground, with immense olive green pine apples all over it. We haven't sold a yard of it. Everybody seems afraid of ir, and 1 don't really think ? ' * ' Let me see it,' said Mrs. Cackle, promptly. The porter presently wheeled up a mammoth roll on a hand barrow: the clerk unfoldel its hideous, glaring proportions, where, against a scarlet ground, some monster vegetable entwined itself among impossible ' You see. ma'am, it's quite unsaleable,' said the clerk. ' Mr. Meddle was talking of donating it to the reception-room of the Blink and Doddle Orphan Asy lum. at ? ' , , ' It is a little peculiar,' said Mrs. Cackle, eyeing it through her lorgnette. 'Quite — ahem! what I should call an art carpet' _ ' Oh, my dear Louisa!' giggled Miss Rufford. ' But very striking,' said Mrs. Cackle. ' Quite so, ma'am,' said the clerk, coughing spas modically behind his pocket handkerchief. ' What will you let me have it for?' said Mrs. Cackle, in a business-like way. ' Eighty cents, ma'am,' said the clerk. ' Sav seventy-five,' spoke the customer. ' We couldn't, indeed, ma'am. It cost us more than that to import it.' ' I'll take thirty yards,' said Mrs. Cackle. ' Let me see ' (calculating on tbe fat tan-coloured fingers where the rings bulged out so obtrusively), _ 'naught's a naught, eight rimes naughts — that will come to twenty-four dollars, won't it, young man ?' 'Twenty-four dollars, ma'am!' said the clerk, scarcely able to repress his amazement that any one in their senses should buy so ugly a carpet. ' nd that will leave seventv-six out of the cheque,' said Mrs. Cackle, gleefully. ' I'll tell you what, Rosina —I can trim the black satin with the very nicest Escu rial lace. 1 suppose these back country barbarians will invite me to the uedding, and I'd like to wear some thing that will just paralyse them '? And my husband will never be any tbe wiser. Do you look, Rosina!' nudgingher companion. ' What a beautiful moquette that tall young lady in tbe black silk suit is choosing ! I've got to have something new in my reception-room next year. I wish I could afford ? -' ' The address, ma'am, please ?' said the clerk, pencil and pad in hand. Mrs. Cackle hesitated. ' Well, I don't know,' said 6he. ' I suppose it had better be sent at once, with our card, to the bride. Give me the paper, young man, if you please. I'll write it down, so that there can't possibly beany mistake.' ' I tell you, Rosina,' she added, as she sat in the elevator, being lowered down to the level of the surface world, ' I wish 1 knew who that elegant young lady was who was looking at the white-and-pearl moquette carpet! I'd like to ask her for the pattern of that shoulder cape. I'm sure it must have come direct from Paris.' ' Well, my dear,' said Mr. Cackle, as he sat down to the soup and roast beef of the plentiful table at home, ' what sort of a parlour carpet did you buy for cousin Erminie?' ' Oh, a beauty !' said Mrs. Cackle, epreading out her napkin to protect her dress. ' Did you use all my cheque?' ' Yes. every dollar of it,' answered Mrs. Cackle, salving her conscience with the recollection of the black satin and the Es--urial lace, which were already in the dressmaker's hands. ' I hope they'll be pleased,' said Mr. Cackie. ' It's very essential to make a favourable impression, I beg you to remember, my dear, on these relations, for the young man Erminie is to marry is a relative of the head of our firm, and could, I have no doubt, recommend me for advancement.' ' Why didn't you tell me all this before?' said Mrs. Cackle, with a pang of tardy remorse. ' I ut how on earth did your countty cousin come across such a good match ?' , ' Oh, I don't know. I believe he came out to Glassy brook fishing or gunning or something. Minnie's very pretty, they tell me.' 'fluuiph!' said Mrs. Cackle. 'Red cheeks and black eyes, and hair cut in a pointed bang right down to the top of the nose— I know what these rustic beau ties are !' The time for the wedding arrived. The Cackles, in their holiday attire, travelled down to Glassybrook, and there on the drawing room floor of an elegant semi -Italian villa Mrs. Cackle recognised the very white-and-pearl mo quette carpet that she had so coveted at Meddie and Minturn's. And the bride — already in her white silk and floating veil, to whom she was intro duced as Miss Erminie Brooks, soon to become Mrs. Howard Crespigny— was none other than the elegant young lady in the Paris wrap and the perfectly fitting gloves and boots who had heard every detail of the bargain for the unsaleable carpet ! If the cracks in the floor underneath the moquette colours could but have opened and swallowed Mrs. Cackle up at that moment, what an indescribable relief it would have been! ' I have to thank you, Mr. Cackle, for your present,' said Ermiuie, in her eIow, queenly way ; and her smile was a riddle. ' I hope you liked it,' said honest Mr. Cackle, look- . ing down at the rose and pearl shades of the soft pile, that closed around his foot like forest moss. ' It cer tainly is a pretty pattern.' Mrs. Cackle shot an imploring glance at the bride— a glance that said, plainer than words, 'Don't betray me!' — and the bride began to talk with somebody else about something else. She did not enjoy the black satin dress with the Escurial trimmings so much as she had expected. The Paris costumes of the ' back country cousins ' left her far in the shade. ' I'll never go to that dowdy dressmaker again,' said she. in a rage. But she did, for Miss Biggs was cheap, and Mrs. Cackle was economical. On the very first call she made there after her trip to Glassybrook, however, she gave a great start and stared around her like one who beholds a ghost. t ' My goodness me!' exclaimed 6he. 'Where did you get that carpet ?' ' Isn't it nice?' said Miss Biggs, beaming through her eyeglass. ' It was a present from Mrs. Howard Crespigny. Her mother was once a customer of mine. Wasn't it thoughtful of her ?' Mrs. Cackle made a little noise as if she was swallow ingsomething, and 6aid yes, she thought it was. Mrs. Howard Crespigny was the bride. The carpet was her own wedding gift— the identical 'unsaleable pattern.' And Mr. Cackle never received promotion in the firm of Harriman and Crespigny on the recom mendation of his new relation-in-law. Mr. Cackie thought it very strange; Mrs. Cackle didn't.— Helen Forrest Graves, in Philadelphia, Saturday Night. 