A FREE MARET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," ta it commercial sense, is a "free market." In ot'.t worls, a "fair" mean;a marke?:at which al and evety may purchse or not without beng subjeeted to fe~jor tax, and also where a ljand e- e1ry can sell with-' out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in Englandwere great fatoures in the soda and industrial lie of the people; but, since the ee*abliohment of railways, and the quicker ino cor.mnnientiO0 which has resulted, these fairs have rrctty well died out,amalterperhap for regret, in some respecea, but ineritble under the- anged codit -L of tbe ntiOnal life. IIre n Australia fairs are unsoown. Indeed rerylittleot the old fashioatd methods obtain fn these fa gut -bed olonies. Life'is not so BloW and Ila-hogie as in Europe, and buscners is done with a movement and force to which. even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are aecntomed. This, h3waTcrr is a necesity, following upon oufr f not more properous condition, as well as the awakenet energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too. though longer in its avrage than out worthy forfathers enjoyedl is all too abshort fog sbow or uenmbrous methods ; and the art now ii sought in all directions to do as much in an hour la 100 years ago was accomliobed in a week. Tars, however, is not a mat~er for ane. If we ire at higher neuorem, we obotan higher rewards than the old folk eould possibly earn. The average corning cpaciy, and therefore of expndliture, is a hunodred fold grecter, and is more eqgtlly dieibutedl thanin tho t "good old days" which sentimentalists aUi couindly regretting- pol , by the way, who areof somiear rapiets mostitut*on 0to that of Loot Mannsm who wrote: " T, Iernce lemrning, arts antd rtmmcce die, But give us back our own nobihlty." PIople nowdays hare mcney to es.nd, and as adtw-s on and a higher intelligence hare taught them ht t sp.ad it wisely, we find grnat establ:ehment, such as For and Oibson's, of Smith street, Cellingwood riFging into existence, whose purpose It is to iypply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, neeoaries, the eleganci.? and refinements of home / Iere we panun to make a correcion. We haze said that fairs are unknown in Aeutralia. We are wrong. At this present momrno, the ferm h~e mentioned, eeun. Froy and Gibsoa are. roodoting a ggntic Fair, and ,to nse a graphie, though porhaps somewhat Vurar, expression. "it is a iht to do sore cTes good," Any theatrical mounaer who may halppe pa't Jlce . Foyand Gib.on's reest hop detaiy the:day most, indeed, have a large and generotg mind if he forbear from a sih of cnry as he notes the thron and preso of people into And out of thoew pions. All moved by the one mpulse-an eager desire to avail thcmOlhes of tLe avantages offered b Foy and tibson to purc.asnrs during their grtal Farr. To the bneavo!;.t mand it must give pleasuror t re<euttht at leat o per cent. of these crowds ao rndreol happier by their ate ndicte at this Fair. The young wife who has become p-osered of one of tLo1 ehlgant mantle, of which such numbers of sur?easing beauty and grace are ouxhibitil, will have a sweeter temper and more contrn:oeO spirit than hitl.crto ruled her. The r.oets.n who has secuo one of those sp:edid l ?ocels carpets at 4s r . pr yard will fel a groater pde than eeru i her home. The country gant nm who has tur cho.ed Lis suites of furniture for the home O which h shall presently condeot Les b:de, is El?d with a sense of importonre stad re1nsbility, to whichhitherto, during his rsilohtes=:ovenlybachdlor day, hLe has teen an utter r:arg r. Ina word, it is. imyrsoible for a reft?et.ng oterser to look on at the raol.ee iodout and out-PeM of visitorts b this shotw to he insensible to the cirumtstance that there fulls acre a highe purpsee than perhapsl resn rtotr i:nto the ealeulo itus of the rigintoortL ms, let. We ,o nutsep yose that 3lUct. Fooy and (i l.on, ahen ooatemplat ig the etahbltshmcnt of the lairse, took into ee honing the prilanthrople m prct of the muttbee. I~t as a rule moral good follows tIpon a.1 tonoorable em o toerlise, and douro. Foy and tibeon when they reckon their profs, may, if thy Ih're, all to than the important, though itx0n::.:e ws"?e of an its c?rn ptopulr contcanOnc. There is st'ohet lea ntol.rn ftien: fairs,and that is that in the hands of ca;..,ale to. u, no afaols hlowever in'ricte or oe)e-thiotl, are heyond bthe inoluc, e of method. The rules y ohich this grt e?rahi .tir is igoverned, anre, n as tle aws of the de*od and renriaon. A Lahd sytem-rsunlt oil long opyrience-snl o:ge busineos enm perioene, controls esvry d.trl of the hust seo, to that moutosn go O0 tke ,outoneey. s to our mind, with much of the tLrub and pulse of the strm en-ne. Sre idea maybe ford by th?s.e who ver nen vi'itod Foy and Oilson's a lmirts of their sis when we inform them that te frontage extenol .cf to Sm th astt and fl.a ti.-em is a depth p Li:tle Oxford street of 'elft. The gre show rums, f'Y' with th-:cre iioet of feminine raiment are enormots apartmenrt. We wonder it ho ts of delrtred b?lles ass molte e rr o nights an midst drinity llks and whoebdt. and lact, and other bewildering mar e, taste aFain ,ome slight farour of the delight' which orne m, vel thm n the ?reA. We do not believe in ghate, but, as we haoe t]e. Shakespeare' authority that there are more thai in hear-e and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de aeltc fair ones do reviit there scenes of frst delights and mingle in spirita-l sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and O?bn.n' rains Peop!-lides in paritcu!ar-wlo want a new otiaoo ought to fpend an Lour or two at PFoy ad . Oib to's oair; and if they, hlaveing done so, do not gperience seoatiun as of one who hs beheld snew re teaaton, all we san ay is lthat theyT must he to ha ansd psyed out. Ftor ukh yeogie there is bht ontrue-pate-nt--t4inea.--bAnrrol 