A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," la its commercial sense, is & "free market." In oths words, a t; Cair"meaas a market at which all and every may purchase or not witiwnt being subjected to fee or tax, and also where eSinnd every can aeU wztn- out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in igngianfl were exeat features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker iao communication which has resulted, these fain have pretty Med out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. La-, too. though looger in its average than out worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in aa hoar as 100 years ago was accomoliahed in a week. Ta, hiwever, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ive at pressure, we obtain higher rewards '-> the old folk could possibly earn. The avoage earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than la those 41 good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting— people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manner who wrote:— " Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as educ tion and a higW intelligent have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For and Gibson's, of 6mftb street, Collingwood, springing into whose purpose it is to supply to a well-io-Io population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home Hera we pause to n" a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia, we are wrong. At this prmeat moment, tits Ann we >T-a man,V. r..n« Wav And Oihflnn. ere. conducting a gigantic Tair. and to nee a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vnigar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foyana Gibson's great (hops during the day jiuet, indeed, hare a large and generous mind if he forbear from asiehof envysa he notes the throng and press of people into and ont of those places. Ail moved by the one impulse— an eager desire to area themselves of the advantages offered b, Foy and Gibson to ptudiasera during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reSect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which ench numbers ol surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ha« uitneno ruled her. The matron who ho mw one of those splendid Brussels carpets at <a. Gd. per yard will fed a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased bis suites of furniture dor the home o which be shall presently conduct bis bride, is filled With a Dense of imparlance and responmbiliiy, to Which hitherto, during his shiftless slovenly baehdoe days, he has been an otter stranger. Ihawoid, is impossible for a reflecting observer to lot on at the ceaseless influx and out -fins of -risitora to Una ahow to be insendNs. to the circumstance thai these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever altered into the calcula- tion of the originators themselves. "WedonoteipT pose that Mesas. Forfand Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs,' took into tee- koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. -But aa a rule moral good follows npon all honourable en terprise, and «.»— Boy and Gibson when they «cfamtoemProSts,may,fftt|WP'l<»s«aaato tie important, though intangible balanne of an fi- creased popular contentinent. There ia another lessontolearnifrom these fairs, and that is, that in the Hands of capable men, no off aire, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rule by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system — result of long experience— and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matter go on like machinery, end to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Borne idea may be formed by those who have nere» visited Fay and Gibson's premises of their rice when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth tr- Liitla Oxford street of 209ft. The grea show rooms, filled with the eostlies of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder ii ghosts of departed belles assemble here o nights and, amidst dainty sOks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering mafters. taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved thezn in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr Shakespeare authority that there are more thing in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts if de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Fo and Gibson's Fairs. Feople— ladies in particular— who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour ot two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, havin done bo do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld a new revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blas£ and played out. For such people there is bui ne resource — p — m wt imtw- — f Adtt« 