AFTER WINTER. Not yet the infant Spring Hath changed her russet gown for robes of green, But lieth slumbering, Hid in the covert of a, wood, unseen: Folded in shadows deep, Ethereal visions flit across her face in sleep. Like memories of the dead, Wiiit?r revives and fades, mid days of blue, And'thrusts his snowy head Upon the landscape, wliiteuiug all the view; With shrilly voice and thin, High singing o'er the downs (he chilly breezes spin. Here, bv the sharp blast switched, The ruddy drifts about the road are swayed, Dancing like sprites bewitched 111 whirling somers.-iults of light and shade; The hollow forests ring, Shuddering with lcatlcss music as the lank boughs swing. •Upon the cottage wall The Jasmine lingers in a listless dream; O'erheiid the sparrows call, And twitter out the day in dolorous theme; Whistling a sober tune, The ploughman drives his team the long dank afternoon. Far o'er the marshy fen The vapious ghosts worn tHsrellers waylay; In dale and dike and glon The brittle leaves of auinnrn waste an ay; The snowdrop, bowed with grief, Broods like an angel o'er its chastened leaf. Not sorrow, nor yet ecouc, Na ture wears 0:1 he"r face, but calm distress; Like to a child new-born The year's dim senses grope for consciousness ; Through all the stilly wood Stirreth the ssul of being, bursting blade aud bud. Soon 6hall the violet bloom Beneath the hedge, and roeat each sheltered nook; The primrose gild thfl Wbere.pale anemones j:uej> e'er the brook, Aud laughiu? waves shall ewell Of golden daffodils iu every mossy dell. Hrifiteu. sweet birds of song, Y/iug o'er the waves, and fill the woods with voices Spring tarrietlu slumbering long, She waketh not, but in her dream rejoices; Quicken thou iua(ne Bod, Burst to a sea of fioiver^, and ersci the priests of God ! About a fortnight ago (writes the Tarwraud Sfockbwrtrr of 32th May), a far.uemear Market Kasen, Lincolnshire, wiis much blessed during the sun"« •course.af twenty-four hours. Atearly dawn hisimare foaled, his cow calved, his sow had a litter of fags, a brood of .chickens came off, and his wife presented him with twins ! All are doing Who wouldn't be <a farmer ? —The Coinicift Magazine. 