1 'Hidden Things; By the Hev. Robert Mitchell (Moderator of South Australian Pres ?'??; bytery). ' For there is nothing' hid, oto.' — Mark iv. 22. Christ, had spoken His first parable'. During its, delivery He sat iu a boat on tho Sea of Galilee. The fact ensured a large and, .representative,, attendance. Every phase, of life would be; seen there, ? and almost, every shade of. belief. . ? In Christ's audience would be found the priest and the Pharisee, the farmer, the artisan, the fisherman, the tax collector, and the soldier. To such a throng, no words could have conveyed a ;morp carefully adapted mes sage than tlW parable, of .the sower. It paved the, way, for all His after-teaching, haying in it the elements which' could, not fail:tb arjtest.the attentionand stimulate serious, thought; ; It .touched , the condi tion of all ; it proved instruction for all. Hut did it profit all P As is often true iii our own experience;1 the great majority seem to have gone away. without perman-. ent benefit. -?;; ? ? ? ' ' '???'??? Their consciences were -notr aroused. They wore interested for the hour, but proved to be nothing but 'wayside ', hearers. The fowls of ordinary oare and diversion snatched up, the seed that Lad been sown. . Only the few remained to.prosecuto the enquiry .and to deepen their conviotions. They had been not a, little puzzled oyor the discourse. Tho' mode. of. teaohing was now to them; thoyi required initia tion'. ' .????-?:?-????????? ?'' On adjourning* to Peter's house, the twelve, with a small company' of others, solicited further explanation of the ^para ble. With a . joyful gladness Christ acceded to their request, and furnished such an exposition of the sower, and the seed, and the ground as must have grati fied their utmost wish. The world sud denly became a now world to them. Active agenoios were seen everywhere. The sowing of moral seed was g^oing on continually. The responsibilities incurred wore : momentous. : They wanted ' to be 'good ground' hearers. ' ; ' Christ saw His opportunity. . The band ;had profited by His interpretation of the ,parable. ; He ? will clench the nail by_ a (practical appeal.'1' Tho 'now religion whioh He was establishing- had a relative as well as , personal/ importance.- ? It touched the individual first in- a saving1 sense, and through : the individual the masses. Everyman was required to open his . ear, '.. and hoar. Every man was required to dispense, what/ he received. .The!, gifts .were not to Tjo absorbed but used.for the general cood. , The;illustration of the.lanip and lamp-, stand was intended. to make this thought the more forcible and cloar. r. Tho;revised ; version is a decided Help in the rendering oE the passage,! 'Is the -lamp brought to be put ;under the bushel, or under -the bed,-' and: not1 to' be put on' the stand ? For, there is' nothing hid; save 'that it sliould be manifested^; neither ''s was any ' thing made'sccret'but, that it should come toliijh't./ . . '., '.[., .',;;,, 'tr,f,; ,-iv.'I]:].,:'-,,i';i!. ? These men .werp! to),be- the light, ? of j the, world: in so far as:they.:faithfully reflected His light.. . Through them God was about to/publish things whichj had' been !kopt secret from the ; foundation' of the world. (A new era had ; dawned:1 .The days'of darkness were.'./past. : Through human instrumentality the: .mysteries of tho ? kingdom wore henceforth- to bo revealed .tptho children of men; ?''' '?? ?'?????'-? In ? koeping- 'with1 'these 'preliminary statements I ask .your'attentioh1 to 'the following prbjiosi lions' r^r ';',',',?,&'',, ,}?' ,,[, ? I, That' tempbr^ny, se'crepj is consistent, i.with ultimate ?rpvelatipns.' i,:-^ ';!,! ,'.,-' a .;, ' Honest wmp^risQn;sho^8r.,that. this has been: the' i)ivine purpose and 'order »U the Way through;' ; Gp'd.'fias worked- In Jgraco' 'o a TTi- ' 'Kn'o' -flrtnA' in -TiiW.iiwv.'''^'.*I?iWafc ' tTirt' /tlade, then the earjHhen the full ,c'oria iii': tho .'ear.' ,;The.Mpaaio'|atcount[()fiCr^ation.; :is on'/'the.'Knesr.ip^V^^ualjP^a^MlonV ? iVVhelher ,w^' accept one . 'degree' '.br^'pthpr. I of the. ; .dbctrinohof eyolutiopi , .we.; must , 'admit that the . Creator i.was: in -no: hurify.' His :every tmov'e was. i deliberate;:^ The-' stag'o's' wero! elearly'de'flno'd'.l;r'Eyery' sub-- sequent^act'^h'bre a'J relation to;1 some pre^ .yious^nct..0'£',Thol'6'no./'wain,'th^;«tenm^ and'!Tcompl,etion^,''of. ^tbie', other.' '-When iGod,'b:egan; Hisj'tnoral goyernment thp. 'same ? principle '.'.was ';'.? seen.'j .Temporary, ?secrecy,, or. at lbast ifragmontaryT revet, ation'i w^sthe plan observed. .. The .early, represbntativesiof; ,,the race:walked.:in the; stirlight., They.heardi God's voice as in' t'Qe;distance. ('.No' system 'of truth or code of laws was formulated 'unlU1 many 'gen'e-! rations had passed; ''Odd'niessages eame. .from ' s¥by,e.; ' Flashes of',lij;ht;ib'rok'e.']ih 'upon' the' dark'ness. ,| , At ''.Smaif' Je'hovkh. ?made, His approach' ^to His creat^re'sTT-His, estrangement in tho ; Garden;.' The, law was/.given there in.; the' most- empathic manner;' '-Man'srelationship, matfs duty, and man's destiny 'became known. More light fell upon tho human pathway. The, .tokens .were .more easily understood/ The 'future, became more promising., , ., Down-through .the prophetic and pre'; Christian eras God's plan of salvation' took gradual; shape... His purposes of mercy in Christ .were made, known to the watch.mbn ia Zibn, .When the fulness of time was 'come the Sun of llight'ebusness rose upon the world. Before His shin ing the mists; rolled, away., Deep and dark sayings of the. past, came into new ness of meaning;. Prophesies found their .fulfilment. The sacrificial system found its explanation in the death of the great Antitype. All things became new/V , This process 'of temporary secrecy was necessitated by man's moral condition.. He . could' only : receive his education as a little ?child — ' precept upon precept, line upon line.' It required the . utmost- , excercise of patience on the , part . of ' God the , groat ; teacher to adjust the lessons to the recep tivity of the scholar.. To have proceeded oy a more rapiu course wouiu^navo Been to defeat tho object desired. Tho mind could riot endure forced enlargement ; the eye could not stand the shock of a sudden revelation. ' ? God knew what manner of heirig he had to, deal with, and therefore adapted the treatment , to the pecularities dis played. His aim was to unfold tho en tire scheme, Lbut in order ,to do that it was heedful to proceed by;slow stages. Part must he concealed until the ' rest was .understood. Geo. McDonald is happy in expressing the '; same, idea in his ' Wincjfold Curate when :l he , says : —.'God's very .work from 'the 'beginning of revolatiori — a casting aside1 of veil, after veil, a showing unto men truth after truth. On ,arid /on,:, from, fact, to fact Divino He -advances; until, at ileagth .in His Son Jesus :He unveilsjHis very f ace.' Then 'begins a fresh unveiling, for the. ?very work of the -Father is the work the Son- Himself has to do— to reveal; His life was ? the unveiling of Himself, and the unveiling of the Son is still going on, and is that for the sake of which the world exists. When- He. is unveiled, that is, when we know the1 Son, we shall know_ the Father also. The 1 whole ot oreatios, in its growth, its history,. the gathering, total of human existence, is an unveiling of tho Father.' ,? . ,; During tho personal ministry of Christ the policy followed was identical with that which had preceded it. He taught His dispiples as they were' able to bear. Many items of profound importance had to bo kept back because of their dull comprehension. Those men would never have attained the high standard presented in the. New Testament had Christ not followed this graduated plan. And yet in tho very aot of concealing Ho was preparing tho way for tho fuller revela tion. . . II. But I affirm further, that publicity is the genius of the Gospel. ' There is nothing hid save that it should be mani fested ; neither was anything made secret, but that it should come to light.' The Now Testament contains the1 out lines of truth with reference to the salya-' tion of the race, and the Divine intention is that the Gospel in its fulness should bo preached to every creature Christ's words, to His disciples in Peter's house might be applied in several directions. I. They might be accepted as , a rebuke to all. private interpretations. .. There was the danger; :of prominent ' men arrogating !to themselves the right ; to set forth the mysteries of God's kingdom, and thoreby to disfranchise the ordinary believer. Christ's utterance is against such pro cedure, so is the statement of Peter, in his second letter, when he. says, .'No Scripture is of any private interpretation,' and assigns ? as . tho .. reason that '.no prophecy came by the will of man ;; but holy men of.-God;spake. as they! were moved by the Holy Ghost.' !l. ?' ? In every age there have arisen men' filled with pride arid self-reliance, 'who have striven to' think for the many, who' have propounded ' thtiir own theories and1 made Scripture' arid 'revelation, generally chiirie in with' their ^conclusions'. 'The; Gospel is directly! .'opposed' to' such self appointed -.interpreters. .It is equally, opposed to all ecclesiastical privilege or prerogative. ; It -.acknowledges no inner circle, no select .band of wise men, be they' from the east or the west.1 : ' ? .- ?: The Pharisees 'of that day were m'on of suoh pretensions'. 'f: They undertook to impose religious duties; - Tlioy decided1 what was to bo believed and what was to^ be denied. Tliey held in their handsithe key of knowledgp..''7 They', admitted' .applicants to the visible^ church at nyili,'1 and were not sloWj'to.^i'onQunpo anathdina .against any one iy}u-. 'vibiatei the laws which they themselye3,had laid- down.t.% ; II. dhuifpaes of 'ahy7tjme maf fall'mto' the samere'rrbr'byiclairriirig; ab'solutb Lcbri-1 ,i;roi overdue raiEu.pr. men,, ana exposition .of God's,, will',; hut, Chtist, ribw.liere ^^pla'ces, this authprity-iri-;their hands.: T&eyivare.; only countenanced-lby,!, Him, ;in as-.:far hfts. they.'play.the .part ;of rthe lamp-stand', to the lamp.;' Their true and! only sphere 'is, to reflect the light— the;p_ure' light' 'iu'its- 'polors.-seyenv^^ot^th'feni;' therefore, -he-° jWare jest in assuming siiperio'rity'in'th'ese .jhirigs, they, fall ' .under'tho punishment' it those who conceal' the triith', and;. help,; ;tp limit its' effect upon' the heart. ., .'. .; : Again, it seems proper to apply Christ's |Woras to all hole and corner.: preachers -in ,'religion^r-He did nothing insecrefr during. , the; days ' of 'His ?! ministry.' His ? aotions Veroa challenge to public - iriyestigatidri.; 'His doctrines were sowrilhroadftast!6^er'th'e; Jandi: Whenever He raised the1 dead,' or cured the blindr; it.was in the presence'-of accredited witnesses., . Whenever ! He,' 'told His^ mission to this world, He/did'fSp in a way that n-,ade-vory hearer a ros'pon-: siblo! agent. Secrecy .He said' was; the ness rather than light because their'deeds are. evil.1 . ?? : ; ' : ?— As for the gospel He preached, let ' id have the light; let itcourt. criticism; 'let. it be reduced to the proof; the more of this the better. Man's efEort to explode, coiild only uorrohbrate ; man's schemes for' refutation could' only tend to its final 'justification. Examined in the light of the first centuries, or of all '-the centuries, how acourate Oirist's declratiqns have been. The weapons of attack; the old and1 rusty as well as the new and subtle, have been plied against the Gospel of God's Son. Men, with tho tendencies of dogs, have tried to rend ; men, with the ^.tongue of blasphemy, have tried to deride ; rij'eri, with tho sharp tools of science, have tried to dissect. But with- what result? The very publicifcy'caused by these com bined enemies has contributed' to its ex tension and added to its power, ' There is nothing hid save that it should bo manifested.1 Like the disciples of old, we have been trying to receive the truths of the Word. Some of them we have fairly mastered. There are others we have felt too hiffh and too deep. What of these ? Focus all the light we can upon. them. Probe them. Walk round them, and all tho while sustain ourselves by the promise, that when we are able to receive- the in formationj oven these things will come into tho light. III. My third remark is, that the re ception of Gospel light necessitates its publication. A farmer may acquire great knowledge of the qualities of soils, and the various kinds of cereals to be cultivated, and yet keep his knowledge to himself. A ^philosopher may make vast dis coveries in the realm of science, hut he is under no obligation to part with his pos sessions or betray his secrets to the world. Not so with the follower of the Lord Jesus. He receives that he may give. The law of the spiritual kingdom is ; ' Let your light so shine before men that they may seo your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' ' Freely ye' have received, freely give.' ?' ' The apostle Paul realized the obliga tions under which he was placed in a striking manner. He says : \ Necessity is laid, upon me ; yea, woe is mo if I preach not tho Gospel.1 To him the de claration of God's message to men was of overpowering weight. Tho one consum ing purposo and effort of his life, was to preach everywhere the ' unsearchable riches of Christ.' His companions were equally zealous in the same great work. If I am a Christian I am bought with a price, and therefore no longer my own. When tho Lord requires mo to make proof of my religion to the world, I havo no option in the matter. If He enlight ened mo by His good Spirit I am com pelled-to give out to tho measure of the light received. Once the lamp is lit, there is no help for it, it must shine. When the city is built on a hill it cannot avoid showing itsolf . So, with tho Chris tian, there is a moral compulsion to reveal what he knows to his fellows. The fact that the householder plaoed the lamp upon the stand after lighting it may ho taken to indicate that Christ pos sessed tho power to put overy disciple in his proper place. To appoint him the sphere where he will be most capable of carrying out the duties of his life. It will bo well for the disciple so appointed to abide by his instructions, and make the best effort he can to enlighten the sur rounding gloom. It will be well for us all if we can hold forth the: Word of life in a way that will help- the world back to God. ' ? In conclusion, behold the work of God and how it has been accomplished. Be fore our eyes is a scheme of redemption that occupied -100D years in its completion from the human side. Hidden for ages in dim type and strange prediction, yet in the time appointed by God revealed to mortal sight. . ... Before our eyes -is a Gospel of glad tidings which delights to walk where the light -shines the brightest. A Gospel which invites inquiry, which opens every idoor in its temple, which appeals to men lbn the high grounds of their relationship ;with heaven and, the hereafter. A Gos peliwhieh comes into our possession by a simple act of surrender to Christ, and yet when it.comes, makes such demands upon our time,;fapultios, soul, everything, that we feel humbled under the responsibility and pray ' Lord, increase our faith.' | Is this Gospel ours P Have we all seen -.' Hinvof whom Moses in the law and the prophets did write, Jesus of Nazareth, 'the. son of Joseph ?' Have- we all found Him;to.be ' the Way, the Truth and the Life ?' — Presbyterian Monthly. 