HALLUCINATION. Totraskme why I am going to many? l ean scarcelydareconfess toyou the strange, and inconceivable reasontwhich urges me, to this insane course I am going to marrj in order not to be alone 1 do not: know-how- to tell it—^liow-.to make myself -undeistood. Tou will jniy me and you will despise me when you know in what a wretched stale of mind I- am. -I do not want to be alone any more— at night;-j I. wanfcto •!eel some heing -near me, close:to nie,a :s beiBgt!iatcanspeak;say something, no matter what. • -I want to be able to rouse that being from sleep, to be able to ask that being any ^question suddenly—even a stupid question, Eo-that I can feel my dwelling is inhabited—so that l ean know that a. mmd js awake, that a reasoning:power-is at work—so that, if I suddenly flight:-my candle, .I-, can-see: a, human lace beside me—because—because (hew dare 1 avow my shame ?)—because i am afraid when I am by myself ! Oh; you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not- afraid.<if...any .danger. • If • a man were to come in I would kill liim without a shudder. I liave.no fear of ghosts; I do' not believe in the supernatural. I am not afrajd of ths- dead; I believe in tlie total annihilation of every human being that passes a-n av Then 5 Yes, then i Well, I am fffiaid of myself!r I amafraidof beingafraid;-afraid of the ,mental spasms that-are driving me' mad;. afraid of the horrible sense of incomr prehensible-terror. -Iiangh if-you -please! It js hideous; it is incurable I amafraiQ the walls, of the furniture, of familiar oUiects which seem to me to become anir mated with a sort of animal life. Above all, l am afraid of tlie- horrjble-confusion.of my mind,-the confusion.of my reason Avlnch goes from nie, -all befoggedj, dissipated by some mystenous and inexplicable.anguisli.: , First I feel a vague disquiet that passes into mymmd-and makes, all myflesh creep. Llook.ai^oundme..:Isotlung! ,:"And I feela: need of something. :,Of what ? :Someth3ng incomprehensible, v Then .I become-afraid, sunply. because I . cannot comprehend,m^ fear I .speak!. I am frightened by. my own voice; I walk! - Then.I-,am frightened by the unknown wlnclris behind the door,, or behind: tlie curtain," or inside the armoite. or. under -the bed... - And- nevertheless I know perfectly well there is notlung in.any ofthose places I turn around suddenly because.I am. : afraid,of.wliat is behind me, although there is nothing behind me, and linowit I am nervous ;- I-^feel .tlie scare growmg. upon me, and I lock,myself into my room, and burj r myself-m be5.. and hide-my head, under tlie bedclothefs,: and; cowering there; •I shut my,;eyes,m desperation,-and thus: remain: for-a.seemmgly: infinite length of time, -oppressed ,by the thought that, my candle is still-burning oil/ the little table beside, the- bed, -and that I should really^ blow itout.. And yet I dare not!.:. -.,•• - Is: it not frightful to be in such.-a condition ? There- was a time when I never felt this way. I used to go home feeling perfectly calm. 1 went , out and came without anything - to trouble the serenity of jnymind.- If Xhad.-tlien been-told what; a stupid and ternble disease of fear—of incredible fear—would come upon me in after days I would certainly have laughed. 1 used lo open the doors -m the dark with perfect confidence;. I used to make my -preltionsfor gomg. to bed quietly, without i bolting myself in, and I never thought; •of gettmgup -in-the middleofthenight-to see if all -the entrances to my room wers strongly secured. v.". ..'--•.. ; The trouble -began last-year m a singular way.-. -It was mautumn, on a certamdamp evening. When, my housekeeper had taken her departure, after. 1 had dined, I asked myself what I. was gomg to do. For some time -1 walked up and down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed,: incapable of -doing any work, lacking even .the mental -force to .read. Aline rain- was anoistenjng the window panes; I was melancholy, all permeated by one -of those-cause-; less attacks of despondency which make you feel inclinedtociy-—which make aman want to ;talk to somebody, -or anybody in order to -shake? off the weight of one's ownfancies I- felt lonesome. Kever before did my dwelling seem so empty. An infinite and. heart-sickening :-solitude surrounded me. Ti T nM Was I to x]o? - I-b-it dcn-.Ti.- - , rii6n nervousimpatience seemedto, pass into -my legs. -.I got up and began to walk -again. -Perhaps I was also a little feverish, foi- my hands,. clasped behind ,my back.:seemed.to burnone another when theytouchpd.; Then asudden cold shudder ran down my back; I thought :that .the;, outside'dampness was ^entenng the room, .and it.'OCCUiTed to - me that it would be well to -hglit a fire. -1- lit it, and 1 satdown once more,-,watchmc the 'flame. . -But rsoon- the impossibility of remaining quiet .in any- one -position forced ane.to get up again, and I felt that I would have to go out somewhere, to stir myself, to find a friend. . 1-went.out. - First I visited the houses of three differentfi'iends.no one of whom-was at liouie; tlien -I went on tlie boulevard,; resolved to find someacquamtance or other.' , : It was dismalevery where.. :Tbe wet side-; walks were shining A wateiy lukewarm : ness—^one'of those lukewarmnesses which nevertheless chill j ou with sudden shn ei„ —seemed to beai down ovei the whole str^etand to make the gas jets burn wearily and dim I walked along sluggishly, saying over and overjigamto myself, " 1 won't findanybody to talk to " Seveial times I looked intoall-tlieea/Zsbetween La Madelgme andthesHTauboui-gPoissonniere;'Only miserablelooking people,-n ho did not seem to have even ran -enough to 'i3msli: Tvliat-they had ordered, wfire sittingfl^theitables.- - - -: I wandered about sn this way for a long time, and about midnight I took my way home I was quite calnv -out very tired _ concierge,~ivho -always goes-to bedbefor eleven o'clock, opened the door for me at once, contiary to his usual habit, and I; thought to myself, "Hello 1 some other SVhenever I go out i r always .double lock my door Tlus time I found it sun ' •pidled :-to,-.-and. therfact impressed me;' thought that peiliaps some letters might have been biought-•up-stairs; duringthe: evening I went in My lire was still burning, even.bnghtly-snough -to lightvug: the apartment. I took the candle m order to kuidleit atihe grate,'when, as 1 looked ?light before-'mej'lsaw.jsopieuone'sittmg-ia «my :easy-chair,-with"his.:baek*turned to iie,. £«:iwas not stai51e≪alfeaiot-.tlietea6t-in, -the world.-. A: very -natural- supposition oecured to me, namelj, that one of my. fnends had come to "pay me a visit Tlje concierge, to wjioml had given instiucfcioiis when Fwerit out, had naturally told the visitor tliat I woiild soon bEback, and badlent hun his own key My friend, whose hail alone I~could see over-the hack, of the ehau, had evidently dropped asleep while waiting foj my ip turn, and I proceeded to wake him =up I- :then^ob.a-distmct--view:ofMm'.i;HiE , ®igh^^^^ armilumg doyii; ,1ns feet > were-crossedsone over the -other, and Hie way bis head rdrooped-a little^tortbeiefb lo&thesarm-idiairi;: showedpiainlyenough that he was asleep I asked myself, "Wlioisat? ' The light m •Aea^omw- asinot^iirong.eEOugli'jtoJsee^er^ Itectly by. - I put out my hand to touch lus shoulder M> -hand touched only -the wo dj of the chair' Kobody Vas there' The chair was BmptyJ f Mercy' whata shock it gaveme. Bust I leaped hack as if ^oiiie tenable peril had! made'U=elf visible, fflien 1 turned round,: ieeling thatsomebodj was behindme, lhenf look at "thai; chair again'made me whirl mound a second time, *aad I stood there! panting with-fear, so bejvildered as to be jncapoble »of fliinkuig-^n tihe very pointof-ialhng "" 13ufeJ®m Sij -nature-apool man,-and effect on sthe ijihenteienon In ^stich moments tlie -rriiTrd operate apidjysiS&aaaia;^te^&ucmalaons;^ittt^sffisiaa^ i m c mk in t Nov muia j^q c "the ilime emamed clear, jierforimng ts"* funcfciqn -aegnlEuly: jajd^iogicaJiy, There Jna conseguentLy mo affection ofltaiehram , The^j "alone aiad'-beendelnded, jtoudeaany^maginBiion. ^-QSip^je had a. n—I'le cf .iIio'j' T.itioiii t,>ai rurl.p Je liiiiifird foik be'ici c m l a.ivlcs -It anmlvanc- pcu'.tculcj ttot^eop i^i 1 aratus—nothing raoie^ Tperhaps -there 7 Jiglit^d^-mv'--candie. tAs'l henVdown XJVEI.IAEARPLL'FOIIIID-M^.SELF.TREMBLMG -ANDI : I walked to and fro for a-little while. I talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few, airs. - Then I double-locked the door of my roomyand beganto feel somewhat reassured: At all events, nobody could get in Agom I sat down, and for a long time I thought .over my adventure. Then -I..put out my light and went tolled. '•; For a few-minutes everj-thmg seemed all 1 nglit. I remained lying quietly onsmy: back. Then I felt an iiTesislible desiip to look at my room, and I turned over on my side.:» M!y -fire held, only two .or tliree red embers, winch barelyliglited the legs ofthe chair; and I thoughtIsaw theman sit-; tmg there again. I struck a match quickly; but I had been mistaken—I could see nothing. -Nevertheless, -I,got.up, took the chair and placed it out of sight behind my bed Then I made everything dark- again; and. tried to go to sleep. -1 could not have sunk -into. -unconsciousness for. more than five minutes, when I saw in a dreamy-and'asdistinct as jeality itself, the whole incident of that evening. I awoke >n terror, and af ter strikiag aliglitj sat up,in bed without daring to go to sleep again Sleep, notwithstanding; twice seized upon me.for-a,few.moments^.in- spite of-myself. Twice I saw the same thing. 1-thought I had actually gone mad I V --' - ; •- When daylight appeared I felt completely cured,, and took- a peaceful -sleep until midday. : It had. passed—entirely passed;; I- had had a.fever, -a nightmare, or something of that sort..; J had-been sick.; .Nevertheless. I thought myself very much of a fool. . .. ...Thatday I-was quite-jolly. 1 dined at -the,cabaret, went- to the -theatre;-and.then started for home.- - But,.as i drew near my house, a,strange feeling of uneasiness'took possession- of -me. - I wa6 afraid :.of seeing him,- again — him! : Not- afraid of him exactly — not afraid of his presence- m which 1 did not, .believe, but afraid of another .optical trouble, afraid of the fearthat would come upon me t Foi moie tlian an hour I walked up and down the sidewalk. Then at Inst I decided that this was absolute folly, and I went m. I panted so that I could scarcely climb the stairs. 1 - I.stood- on^thedaudmg-in-front of! my, room forfully tenmmutes morer-Then;' suddenly,Ifelt arusli of coiu'age,-airacing up of will; I.-plunged my key into the lock; I rushed forward with a lightedcandle m my hand; 1- kicked in the un- ; fastened door, of the. room, and threw one .terrified glance at the fireplace.- I saw nothing . Ah! what a relief! What a joy! -What a deliverance! 1 went to and fro with a swaggering air. But still I did not feel perfectly comfortable. 1 would turn round by. fits. and .starts:.to look- belund me; the darkness m the . corners of - the room frightened me. - I slept badly, being incessantly startled out of my, rest .by imaginary noises. • But 1 never saw him. - Ko—that was all over. Ever since that day 1 have been afraid to be alone .at mglifc. 1 can feel it there, close to me—the. vision! - It did,not make its appearance again—oh, no 1 : And what matter, anyhow, since I don't believe on it: -since I know-that it is-.nothing.-:- - - - - , Still, -it annoys me. because I keepjill the .time .thinkmgabout it- -?One arm was hanging down;on,tbearight side; liisheaddropped a little.to the left, like that of a? man asleep. Come, lhat ; s enough of it. I; dont want to think any: more about • it; And. still, • what:,is . this, foehng of- heme haunted.- Why does it persist in t'.ns way? His feet were close to the fire. " .He: haunts.-me -it -is: madness, but-it- is so! Who js lie ? 1 - know perfectly. well that he does not exist—tliat it-is iiotlnnp whatever. • He only exists in my apprehension,.™ my fear, m my anguish. Tliats enough. ,.-K- -, : .-- - .• Tes; butit's no use forme -to reason withmyself about it—no use to try :to brace up: against it; I can't remain alone at home any more, because he is there! I know 1 , won t see him- any more; he won't sliow: ; himself again. -.-But,-lie is there all" the, same, in my thoughts. Because he remains invisible, at does not -follow that he is not there! • He is behind the doors,on the armchair,"and under tlie bed—m all the dark corners, m all the shadows;. If; I -stir the door ever-so gently so -that -it creaks -upon its hinges, if I open my -armoirej if I lower my li^ht to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon -the corners, "upon -the shadows, he is not there, but 1 feel ban *Am4.jaaaL^tirai^«miid1.iwtiuiuilli-flie; o.- wlnle tliat l am not going to.see hiin; that 1 shall not see him again, lie is behind: stiil for- all^hat it is stupid and.atrocious! What.would would you have me do'- 5 - But if there were two of us , together at home, I feel, perfectly sure he would not be there any more. He is there because I : am alone 