A Prose Poem. Once npon a midnight stormy, a lone bachelor attorney pouderod many a carieus volume to hiB heart's forgotten lore ;. ..while he nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as of someone gently rapping — rap ping at his chamber door. " 'Tis tho spirits !" and he started, " rapping at my ohamber door. Oh ! for help ! I'm frightened Bote !" Then into tLis chamber flitting (not even one permitting him to fly into the closet or to get behind tho door) came the ghosts of fond hearts broken (with many a ring and other token), and they sat tlem down beside him, on the dnBty, book- strewn floor — sat amidst tbe volumes of moat venerable lore. Qaoth tbe lawyer, " What a bore ! " "It must be something serious ; this ie cer tainly mysterious, quite an advent of the spirits — resurrection con amore. Bnt I under stand them mostly ! " — here there oame a rap so ghostly that he oonld not more dissemble ue he had done heretofore, and his face grew paler and paler as he started for the door, down he fell npoD the floor. Then th-re came a clatter, olatter, and his teeth began to chatter, as the spuita gathered ronnd him, and accused him very sore ; how with hBn'dsoine face all smiling, and with win ning words beguiling, he had charmed away the senses of fair maidens by the snore ! and eaeh lass had fondly fancied 'twas her ho did adore. Quoth the lawyer, " Nevermore ! " Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken, for the answer, strange enough, quite a relevancy bore, they began a noisy rap ping— sort of spiritual clapping, whieh tho lawyer thought could be but . fashionable en core — and again, as it his soul in that word he would outpour, did he groan out, " Never more !" Presently hie soul grew stronger ; hesitating then no longer — "Oh!" said he, "sweet spirits, yonr forgiteness I implore; on my knees to every ghoeteBS, who to love has played the hostess. I will promise to recant the many faithless things I swore I Will you promise then to leave mo?" here be painted to the door. Rapped the spirits, " Never mere I" . "Be that word our Sign of parting," said the hapless wight upstarting, "hie ye hence into the darkness, seek you out sume distant shoie. In the noisy camp or forum, in the lonely sane sanctorum— such ghastly, grim, un gainly guests were never seen before. Leave my lonelintBS unbroken " — here he opened wide the door. Rapped the spirits, " Never more !" So these vixen sprites of evil — spirits still, ihongh most uncivil— they will never leave the lawyer, though in tears he may implore. At his false heart they are tapping, they are rap ping, rapping, rapping, and he wishes, oh, how vainly, that his haunted life were o'er ; and be often sighs, " Oh ! oonld I bnt reoall the days of yore, I would flirt — oh ! never more !" Japanese lacquer is the produot of a tree (Rhus vernicifera) which grows throughout the main island of Japan. It attains a large size, snd will live for 40 years, but only comparatively young treeB are valued for the production of lacquer. Fifteen hundred bakers at Posth havo etrnck work and camped on an island in the Danube with tents, cattle, and provisions. They have been joined by 700 girls employed ia the jute works. Five hundred military bikers huvo been sent to Feetk from all parts of the kingdom. The Hoe at Plymouth is being adorned with a memorial of the Spanish Armada, which is in the form of a granite pedestal 34 feet in height, and surmounted by a figure of Britannia, with a slield and trident in one band una a sword in the other. There are also panels on which aro appropriate emblems. 