SPLENDID WICKET KEEPING. . Special to Tiie IIuuald. — pka lleirrka. i - . London, 22nd Julw Tlio wickoUxoopuig of ' BIsckham and Mncgrugor, in -the '.match Australians versus All-England, is described as won derful. Tho performances of the Australians are becoming morcand more puzzl iog.Thcirinisor- 'able displaysagaiustsomcuf tho count? team# produced a well grounded impression that against the full strength of England they cuuhl not havo a ghost of a clmncn of victor). Yet, thoogh tho team opposed to them is certainly as strung m any that could bo selected in tho old country, at . tho end uf tho sccumi day the game t# left in such an even state that the least bit. of luck ou the lost day would Imdino victory to cithur side. The Australians are 127 to the good and have one wichut to fall. It is true that Burn, the Tasmania!!, who is oue of the not out men, is declared to have been a fuiluro up to tho lalojt advices, hut in this match he scums to havo hatted well yesterday, M ha had mndu lf» when the stumps were drawn for the day, and there fore must have given great assistance to Barrett. If Burn can only keep up his wic ket, Barrett will nrolubly do the same, and perhaps the Englishmen, on going in the second time, may lind they have something like 150 to make to wii. Undoubtedly they are wonderfully strong in hatting, but that the wicket is not good is clearly shown by tho small scores made by l>oth teams, and thu fact that suoh dashing bats a Ulyctt and Lyons— men who force tho play on a bod wickot — were the top scorers in the first innincs of their res pective shies. Betides, 473 have already f>e«n scored off what seems to liavo been a broken pitch at thu start, and It is nut alt likely -to l>u any better when tho Englishmen go in for their second time, so that we need nut expect any huge scores, nnd a century and a half may require all the skill of tho homo team. At any rate, as the game stands, apjicaranccs tavor a cloSe ami exciting finish. Bo far as tbe Australians arc concerned, Lyons ami Barrett ht.vo undoubtedly been the heroes of the matuh. Lyons baa particularly | distinguished himself, for it is a memorable : feat in such a match to make 88 runs in two inninc#, and to capture five wickets for 30 runs in the first innings of the English men. Looking at the scores, it makes one fancy. that without Lyona it wonld havo been a ceso of ' England first | Aus tralia nowhere.' Barrett's 03 not ootid the eooud innings is a most useful contribution, and has. dons mncb towards niacins the. result in the present state of doubt. 