LEONARD LINDSAY, THE STORY OR A BUCCANEER. AMiUS B. HEACII. 0HA’PTKK VIIT.—(CoxTiNUKU.) *.* With this, mules, Ned Purvis walked ■away forward, and pondered louy and deeply. The rest of the crew were whisper* '•ing in groups upon the furooustlo, and tho poor old captain was standing wringing his hands beside the magic boat. So, presently, Ned Bpoko to two or three of the men, and they snook hands with him and promised to otandbyidm. Then he went down to his .berth and took out a great pistol, and care fully examined the loekaudcleaned it; after wards ho opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This ho hammered into it round bull, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded tho pistol. So presently, armed in this fashion, he eamo cm deck, the men following him by ones and twos, and marched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at tho door. “ What do you want here i’" cpioth the old man; “take my advice, and lot him alone.*' “No,” ways Ned, UI brought him here, and I’ll make yon rid of him and so say iny, hp put tho old man usidc. and entered tuo cabin. It .wits almost rturlc, but tho light from tho binnacle enmo down through tho skylight, and showed the strange passenger sitting there, as tho captain had described, with his back to tho rudder-case. “ Ned Purvis marched heavily in. and the phantom, or whalever it was, looked up at him, and so they remained for more than a minute staring into each other’s eyes. Tho men wore watching them over each other’s shoulders at the door. “ ‘Foul weather .Dim,* says Ned at last, as bold an atoel, ‘you’re more free than wel Tho a poet 1*0 look no notice. *• * I hove tho rope to you,’ says Ned; * and I thought I was doing an act of duty by my fellow* creature. But now I hear that thero’a uo living blood in your veins, and that you roam tho ocean, bringing bad Aveathor on the mariners you fall in with. •That may be true, or it may not. If not, say so, and say who you are. If you be a ah ip wrecked man you arc welcome here ; "but if not, men have told mo that ft silver bullet can wound even it ghost. and if .you do uot apeak lit time, liy tied, there in a rare clttiuco now-of testing the truth of (ho saying. Answer!’ ** And Ned cocked the great pistol and levelled, at the strange passenger. The figure never moved a muscle of its wau Stem face. ** ‘ Talce the dollar and my Messing with it, then,' shouted Ned, and he drew the 44 The pistol exploded, and for a moment the cabin was so full of smoke that they could nut see what execution had been done. \Vhe» the vapour eloared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing up, his stony eyes giving out their cold Bpnrklo, more* horribly than over. 44 4 You gave me your benison,’ he screeched out, 41 give you my malison; and the exe cutors and the lukcus of it will follow you night and day. until either my fate or yours bo accomplished. If you do not believe me, go on deck, look over either quarter, nml see if I do not speak sooth.’ 44 These, mates, were the very words of Foul-Weather Don ; for I have got all the conversations which relate to tho matter by heart, as they were told to mo. And so Ned and the rest of them being terribly startled, tnmblod up on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry; and the first thing they did was to stare* into tho sen, where tho phantom had told them to look, when sure enough they saw tho fins of two great bluo sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping way steadily with the ship; and just as Ned came on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in tho wator, us minding to say, ‘ there you are— very good; mid bore no are.’ 44 To muko a long story, short, mates, beforo midnight .stioh a bald was blowing from tho eastward that there was nothing for it but to put the ship beforo tho wind ; and not only that day, hut that woek, and. for three weeks after that, did tho hurricaue, for it was little else, continue, blowing tho ship entirely out of her course, until at length tho captain and crew know that they lmd sailed from near the const of Africa to tho coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon . tako off, they would be run plump asboro, either on the continent or ono of the islands. Meanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as before, nevor rose from the cubic, nor broko bread nor spoke word. Indeed, if ho woro talka tive, ho had no ono but himself to hold con verse with ; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up tho cabin to tho phantom passenger. But Foul-Weather Don was not the only thing which stuck to the ship. Theshurkskopt way with her as .steadily in tho thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crow could coo them occasionally, ploughing along in tho troughs of the sea, ouo on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly as if thoy woro towing after tho ship. Woll, nil. hands got low and mopish. The old captain was fairly unmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare devil as he was, began to quail. At lust, thoy knew by their reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundown, that they wore approaching the land, and (hut ono way or tho othor their fate would soon bo settled. So ono evening, the men worn gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, ami pointing out to each othor right ahead tho warm coloured clouds which sailors know hangover the land. The weather looked as wild as over ; the scud nbovo flow even faster than tho waves below ; and you should huvo seen tho battered look of the craft ns sho wont staggering along,under a nig of canvas, which was becalmed every moment in tho toughs of tho sea. Indeed tho ship looked almost u wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed away long ago. tho hatchways were all battened down. Out of threo boats sho had •‘carried only ono was loft, being* strongly •lashod to tbo deck, wlrlo tho sea-battered skiff of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not so much us u rope yarn to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas, -which had been for weeks rolling over and ovor tho decks, so that tho men were obliged to lash themselves to ringbolts, anil to the masts, and never could light a liro or wear a fltitch of dry clothing. “Well, us I was suj’ing, tho poor follows woro holding on ns well as thoy could, and wondering whom tho ship and thoy them solves would be to-morrow by that timo, when tho two seamen, who were taking tliciv turn at tho helm ropes, gave a loud shout, and the rest turning about, saw Foul-Weather Don standing upon tho dc-ok. 41 He’s going—bo's going,” whispered ohl Captain Purvis. 44 Tho Lord hath preserved us in His great goodness.** 44 Woll, Foul-Weather Don looked eagerly •about as if he expected to find his treasuvo 'isiunu, ana men no moumca uio rigging— nil tho crow holding? their breath and watch ing him—and gazed from tho maintop long and sadly. At length, ho mode a sort of motion of despair, and oaiuo down to tho •deck, whore ho stood wringing his hands. All at onco ho turned to Captain Purvis, und ••motioned for his boat to bo hoisted into tho •cea. In a minute, mutes, tho tackles were manned, and they let tho skiff go ■smash into tho water, with a surgo that would havo burst an other bout 'Into staves. But only tho devil, mates, could swamp a craft like that; she floated alongsido as light as u well-corkcd bottle. °‘Haul your wind, when tho elements ■will allow you,* says tho Bon, quite colomnly. • *• ‘Thank you for nothing,* quoth Nod rPurvis-: * I should think wo would, when 'you have brought ns across tho ooeau ngaiuat our will. f< But tho spectre replied not a word, and seemed to glide rather than to clamber over ttho ship's aido intd tho boat. When he was fairlv aboard, Ned Purvis, hollowed out, Tako your sharks with you, Foul-Weather (Don; they a re titter companions for you than for Christians.’ “ But there was no reply, and in a minute tho phantom and bis boat glanced iiway from tho ship’s side, and the 1 st tho crow saw of ! lior was a black speck with a figure in it, in the very crest of a break mg wave. Just as this happened, and they wore beginning to breathe freely, one of tho men shouted ‘ Land !’ and sure enough tho next time they rose upon a sea they saw right iu the* glare oC tho setting suit tho dusky coast-line of an island. Ju an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses and staysails ou the ship, she lying-to with her head to the eastward. You know, mute*, that in hob countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sen, so that by sunrise tho next day there was nothing but a great. | smooth swell to show that a galo had just swept across the wide Atlantic. Tho fust thinir Ned Purvis did when ho came on deck to take the morning watch, was to look over tbo quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when ho saw tho two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. The other seaman saw tho creatures loo, and they looked at Nod, and whispered among themselves. “ Well, you may he sure that, after such a run as tho ship had had across the Atlantic, she wanted retitting, and tho crew wanted vegetable food and rest ; so that when the usual trade wind came to blow, and they found from one or two Halting canoes that they wore amongst tho most northern of the \Viudwavd Islands, they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at;, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, tho sharka kept their phicca as steadily as tho vovy musts. Vcd lUhcd for thorn in vain. Ho even baited the hook with tho choicest pieces of pork and hoof aboard, but ■ they would not as much as push tho morsel with their snouts. ‘ No, no,’ said tho men, when they saw this; ‘the creatures have their orders, and they obey them.’ Then Ned tried the harpoon, but though he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, ho could not make a hit at the sharks; either tho ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or tho water made the spear glsnco; hut, however it was, Ned confessed that ho eould not oven scratch their dingy backs. “ Upon tins, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in tho ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit’s end, ami (he crew, although they used to love poor Ned, now began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knew 1.1 m curse,* said the men, ‘ is folio wing uh in a visible shape.1. There can bo no good luck for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swimming astern.* “ Well. Ned tried hard to laugh it off, but he could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. ‘ Why,* he would say, * they can’t jump aboard, messmates: the ocean is theirs as well as ours, and if a cat may Ionic at u king, l don't see why a shark may not look at a ship.* “But though ho spoke in this tone, 1 cun tell you that Ned was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted three days, and all that time they wore cruising about among the islands, looking for a pitiec which would be snug to anchor in, and out of the way of Spanish ships, On the third day, when the ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that, the sharks oume doner to her than ever, as if they were getting more ami more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of tlio crew went to the captain in a body, and said that Ned must leave the ship that hour, for that ho was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was laud dose to, they said. Mr. Purvis would got plonty of wateraud provisions, and lie might soon get his passage otf iii another ship, but .whether ho did or not he must go ashore now. Okl Purvis tried to argue the tiling, but tlio meu would not hear his words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and says— “ 1 Messmates, I have brought misfortune on the ship, aud spoiled the yoyage ; I am willing to laud.’ “ On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished to follow his uophew, but they would not lot him because he was the only good navigator they would have, after Nec\ went away, in the ship. So, prcsnntlyv tho remiiining* boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, aud water, Builicieut for two mouths at least, were put in her, with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig ging fur water. When tho boat shoved otf, tlio sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to them, shouted to his undo to bo of good elieor, for they would meet again, and that tho sliip was now free of bad omens. Tho bout landed in a little cove, and Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. The men placed his provisions and tho shovel upon the touch, and shook hands with him; aud as they rowed back to the ship, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Ned begun to look around him, and truly lie was alone in a desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be sum!, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there was a little hill, with bush os in it, and one very old tree at the top, Wlmt rojoieed Ned, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. Well, lie lived hero nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rook in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out in vain for a ship. At this time tho sharks kept cruising along tho shore, and Ned used to amuse himself by fUngiug great stones on them from tho top of rucks rising out of tho sea. One day, however, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the treo, ho observed a curious thing. Tho treo, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood hud been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you looked very nlosoly, you would havo thought that such was tho natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after noon every day, thceo branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned observed this that he climbed the treo. and found that the crosses woro artificial. Then all at once it struck him that they woro meant for marks, aud then ho thought that some thing might be buried there. Well,, mates, off lie goes for his shovel, and sets to work at once. It was hot work digging in that climuto, but he very soon scraped the lid of a grout chest made of ironwood, aud bound with hasps and clasps of metal. “‘By all tho stars,’ quoth Ned, ‘who knows but this is Foul- Weather Don’s trea “ Matos, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched the lid otf, aud there he Haw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious atones, just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba aud Hispaniola by the Indians for tho Spaniards, There they had bun for a hundred years, amino man the wiser or tho “ ‘Alia/ says Ned, ‘ I would fain have you in England, but what am I to do with you “ However, ho made shut to carry tuo wealth, lump by lump, down to bin cave near the non : then he brought the box, and stowed the gold as before, covering all over with loose wind. The very next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small bark—bo did not know what she was—becalmed, not a mile from the shore, waiting for tho soa bree^e. So lie mounted a rock, fired hit* gun, waved a handkerchief, and shouted. .Pre sently, a boat pulled oil’ from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to moot her. There wero a couple of men in tho bont, of what nation I know not, hut tho vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of tho largo windward islands— Mnrtinico, I believe. So Nod told thorn that ho had been. marooned for striking tho qunrtornmBter of tho ship in which ho sailed, and usked them if they would give him a passage to any port where he could ship for England. So tho turtles nonsuited together, and asked him if ho had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared ■ nothing at all for money, took them into his cave, and showed them the ti'OUKure-eheat. At tho sight of it tljo turtlors stared, us well they might, and most roadily agreed to taka off Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, and presently i tho boat was loaded almost to tho water’s edgo with riches. Tho turtlors went about | like men in a dronin', and they wore only roused from a sort of 3tupid bewildermont when they rowed the boat out of Lho cove and found her ho heavy that they feared she should be swamped by tho heave of the “ ‘ .Lord ! * Hays one of them. * See there ; if tho boat were to fill and go down. Did yon ever see more fearful monsters!'’ “And sure enough there were Ned’s old friends swimming on each side of the boat, as though they were appointed tins guardians of the treasure. However, no accident hap pened, and as they neared tho turtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coining I on hoard with treasure enough to buy a | kingdom. “ You may think for yourselves, mates, | how the entire crew of the bark, which i carried about half-a*dozen men, received their freight. Nod told the simple truth us to how lie had got it, and tho turtler, imme diately that the sea-breeze came, stood away for Murtinioo, the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is il thing that makes demons; out of men. The big. chest stood upon tho deck, aud the crow luuig round it, and would hardly work tho ship. Presently they bogan to handle and weigh tho lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would bo stabbed or Hung overboard to tho sharks astern, so as to bo no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward aud said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if 1113 lmd found it, they had given him the means of turing it to use. A Veil, at this HpoecU tlioy professed groat Kattafnction, and swore that Ned was an honest man ami a good comrade, and that as he said, so it would bo done. Put it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and onto or twice ho observed a man conceal ing a knife in his garment, so that the haft came handy to his grasp. All this time tho sharks wore following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer aud sourer at caoh other, and gradually drawing off into two parties, ono on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for tho weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to bo captain over them, ho JNou wit on the weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward, Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the moil forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box : as they did so, they drew knives and a nicker-.snees, and cut and chopped at each other, strug- j gling and cursing over the oliosr. Ked saw tho blood splash down on the gold, ami ho rushed forward to separate them, crying out, * Madmen that you are—look out for the squall iirst and fight afterwards.* “ But it was too lute, mates. The sky got Mack, mid with a loud roar the squall came, tearing up the sea before it, and in tho very centre of tho flying foam Ned swore he saw Foul-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant the blast struck tho sails, heaving the turtlcr bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of irold fetched a wav with a mighty surge, and went crashing through and through tho frail bulwark, and then with a great plunge down to the bottom of tho ocean, there to lie mates, oven until tho day when tho sou shall give up its dead! All this passed in a moment, and tho next instant tho ship, ns though reliovcd by having cast forth tho guilty gold, righted with a heavy roll, which sent tho seamen, sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces and limbs. Hie squall was over, and the suu burst out; Ned rushed to tho lee-beam, and saw. just where the gold hud fallen into tho sea, the bottom of a bout all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which ho know well. ShoHeomcdnow saturatedand rotten with water, for the charm was off her, mates ; and while Ned gazod at her, she went gradually (Town into tho grant depths af Hioavn, and the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Nud felt » heavy load leave his heart, and he thought that ho had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of tho gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised tho turtlers, who wore standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of vapors on tho deck. Tho first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line ran out every fathom, and tho lead touched no bottom. So they lengthened tho cord with every piece of loose rope iiL tho ship, but the sea appeared un fathomable. The gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of man could raise it; and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood bade to pursue tlieir turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul-Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, and, as I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard tho Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself.” 