Consumption. It is a curious fact that butchers are almost exempt from consumption. If we remember that their shops are airy and open, that they are abundantly fed on animal food, and that from the early morning they are rapidly driving about in tho open air, taking much exorcise and living well, we shall be able to understand the influences which prevent the access of chest affections. These conditions of open-air exercise and hi. h feeding are, in fact, antagonistic to con sumption. It must not be supposed that we are urging all threatened consumptives to become butchers, but their mode of life might be imitated with advantage. Dust is one of the commonest causes of lung mischief. In many cases it is not the only exciting causo, but often it is the chief and most deadly of several deleterious influences to which workmen aro exposed. The mortality among those employed in many dusty occupa tions is simply enormous. Wo are told few men who enter certain rooms in cotton factories ever live to attain the age of 38. Out of 27 men in a cer tain flax factory, 23 had some form of chest disease. The noxious influence *of varnishes, turpentine, and drying oils in developing consumption is weli known. Ghost affections are by no means infre quent among artisans who use solder, such, for instance, as tinsmen, coppersmiths, and gold smiths. Wood-turners, and those whose work necessitates the use of sandpaper, are usually great sufferers. Many plans have been devised for preventing the entrance of dust into the air passages, and some aro very simple and worthy of adoption. Tho practice of wearing a respirator, or a veil over the mouth and nostrils, with the growth of tho beard and moustache, may be cited as examples. The objection usually made to the respirator is tho expenso ; but ono made of cork can bo obtained from the chemist's for ls. The midday meal should never bo taken in the workshop, and the hands should be washed before going out to dinner. These may seem little mat ters, but only those who have workmen for patients know how constantly they are neglected. In dusty occupations the pores of the skin get blocked up by the dirt, and it then ceases to per form its functions. Normally it acts as a direct purifier of the blood, being associated with the kidneys and lungs in this office.-From " The Family Physician." % 