Dr. Spencer's Great Crime. I was sitting in ray office, half dozing over an interminable article on nutrition in the last medical re view. The fire in the grate was low, the night was stormy, and the clock ' was just on the strike of eleven. I was uboul to turn oil the gas and retire, for, being a bachelor, I slept in the room connected witb my oificc, when there was a pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for this i was something quite new. Middlebury was a decorous sort of place, and the people usually innnogeri to be taken sick at season able hours. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die for the past ■ five years, aud every time I visited her she solemnly informed me that when the decisive moment did come she desired me present. But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet been called upon to be present at her death. Now, I thought it must be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. I took up my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of strong, damp eleet wind nearly extinguished the light, but, shadingit with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. " Come in," I said, holding open the door. She declined with a gesture of im patience. " You must come out, and be quick about it," she said, in sharp, decisive voice. I put on my overcoat without demure, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm. As I did so the woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting. her face close to mine, said: " Doctor Lockw0fd, can you keep aBecret?" " Ithink $o, madam." " Swear it." •' Is this secret of yours of a pro fessional character ? That is, is it anything you wish to confido in me as a medical man ?" • " It is." , " Very well, then, I swear it" " That is right." A man respects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, since men's mouths are Winning ever with them. " Whither are you taking me, and for what purpose ?" "To the Clifton House to seb the mistress." was the reply. I Started. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken by Dofetor Spencer, a atratiger to everyone in Middlebury. Spencer was a tall, dark, rather dis ttaquiibed looking person, who had hung out his sign in the village only a few doors above mine, but as yet he had no practice. He was un sociable in the extreme, avoiding his neighbdM pettasfontly, arid when he did speak it was in sO curt, half savage a w&y; that noone was likely tojprolongthe conversation. The doctot hadj^^fife,it' Was said,; but no one had evw seen her.' She was an invalid, arid Miss* Melrose, a friend of /the family, presided over the house, and sat at the head of the tubla Miss Melrose was veiy beauti ful and . won 'the admiration of all who visited Clifton House by her ease of manner and fasoinating con versation. >. . " Aa we walk along, let me explain to you just what isnecesstay for you1 to know.; -My rnistresB is Very ill," said my.pompanion. . ■.' i ■ "I beg your pat>d(Jn—is it Mrs. Spencer or Miss MelroBe ?" , ■ She laughed bitterly., " M'bb Melrose 1, I would stab her to the heart sopner than own her for a mistresss. My mistress is a lady—noble, royal and of gentle I birth. It is an honor to serve her." " And is she ill ? How long since?'* " Ever since she parried him— curse him I" she muttered, in a fiercer tone. " But I must tiot get excited. I must tell my stoty, or rather hers. Two yearaago, through the desire of her dying father, Alice Hendon be-i came James Spencer's wife. Before1 that she was a. healthy, blooming girl; immediately after her ufarriage she began to fail. Do you 8<& any thing strange inthat?" " Not necessarily." "Let me enlighten yon fin'lv>r. Doctor Spenccr was at one <im- • i gaged to Miss Lucille JWiw,1 1 ' i broke the engagement, mid mo-ried my mistress instr>n.1. Mis« Afolrose was as poor as Joli' furkn.v. Miss Hendon was an heir.-s, and Doctor Spencer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you see qpythine strange in that ?' " Perhaps so. G-o on."' " When my mi itress married Spencer she was only seventeen »nd hud been taught to n^ey her fither in everything. She woh a g»ntle, affectionate child, and it would have beon o&sy; for Sponcer to havo won her love. But ho did not care fori that. It paid his debts mid bought him fast horses ; it set his tabic with | nice and costly dishes, and put it in j his power to keep Miss Melrose robed like a queen. And at this time my uiistr^sB has been slowly but surely sinking, and look'you,'Doctor Lock wood, I think she is not dying of dis ease, but of "—she lowered her voice to a whisper as she spoke tho word " poison 1" "Impossible! This is a grave charge. " Of poison given her by her hus band, who, at her death will have the solo control of her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to explain the de tails of the thousand and one circum stances which has led aie to believe it, for wc are ulmost at the door. It is never tho case that Miss Melrose and Spencer are out of the house at the same time, or I should have called a physician before; but to night tbey are both called away by the death of Missv Melrose's sister, and will not be back until to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I came for you, and, oh, Doctor Lock wood, I pray you save her. I nursed her when ber mother died and left her a helpless infant; all through her innocent youth she was like aD own child to me ; and now to see her fad ing hourly before my eyes 1 Great Heaven! If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit." I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, al though I had never seen her, and like her own nurse I was beginning to feel a deep animosity tor Doctor Spencer. . Mrs. Spencer received me in her bed chamber. It was on the second floor, and was furnished with ex quisite elegance. Everything in the room bespoke the refined taste of the occupant. The warm air was frag rant with tho odor of heliotrope, and blossoms and green leaven in an Ala baster vase on the edge of the south window. She was a woman who, once seen, could never be forgotten. I have met in my life many a beautiful women, bat nsfver one so lovely. She was tall and straight, >$jjth a purely oval face, liquid brown eyes, and a dash of hectic in her cheek which is not seen in health. She received me gracefully, as I know she did 'every one, and thought jhere was a slight embarrassment in her manner when I spoke of her illhess, she answered my professional inquiries without hesitation. Ae for myself, I laid aside all false delicacy and questioned her plainly as to the symptoms. Mr. Hurd, the nurse, remained in the room, and added many important items of in formation. When she spoke of her husband it wa« with b, sort of hopeless sadness which distrested me greatly. Not a breach of suspicion against him was in her answers to my questions, arid I felt sure that at present the knew nothing of such serious apprehen-j 8ions. 1 I I was glad it was bo, for, with her finely-strong organisation it might have produced serious results. I< made my examination of'-the- patient as closely as I could, and drew my own ripnclusions. I could have sworn nat Mrs. Spencer daily swal-' lowed 'arsenic in small quantities, and1 the deadly drug was telling on her constitution. She said, answering my questions, i that she brino physician except her husband. Tie thought himself better acquainted with her case, and there fore better qualified to treat ber. He never left medicine for ber to take; he always brought it from his office and administered it promptly. There was little I could do in such a case. Anxious to do everything, the very circumstances of tbe affair left me nearly powerless. A charge of such a nature, of course I could not make | against Doctor Spencer without the proof. I( I hinted a suspicion every-' one would set it down to my profess ional prejudice; and if I could not substantiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for such a Blander uttered against him. j Tbe only dependence seemed to be { in Mrs, A.urd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Hpenctr was lolling his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watnh to save the victim, and discover some proof bv which we could fasten rn her husband She smiled grimly and promised obedience, and i gave her a powerful antidote for the poison I suspected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all tbe next day I was in a high fever ol excitement. A ring at the , bell made me tremble—a step on the around I saw the purple grave] outside my office stopped my brnatli, and I hardly knew what I ex pected to hear. I felt Bure that I should hear something before I slept. Awj now I must tell tlio story as it was told to me. Doctor Spencer returned home the morning af ter my visit to the Clifton House, lie looked wretchedly, the nurse said ; appeared gloomy and de pressed. Miss Melroso came with him, and looked decorously sad over the death of her sister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfect ion. They neither overdo or underdo the thing, as women of feeling are likely to do. Doctor Spencerjcame at once to bis wife's chamber. He thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. " You are always ordering cordials for her," said Mrs. Hard, musingly. " Why not take something yourself ? .You look like a ghost!" Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : " I think I will take some of the cordial myself, for I do not ieel quite well. Alice dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health. Mrs. Spencer smiled sadly in assent —she never disputed her husband— and he went out. Presently he re turned with two glasses. Both con tained liquor colorless or odorless. Mrs. Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told me that she felt the decisive moment bad come. There was something in the prey pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told her of a desperate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wile. " Drink it, dear," he said, " It's a panacea for all evils. I am also going Uf take a glass o( it," and he pointed to the glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd interrupted. " If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer com plains that the cordial leaves a bad taste in her mouth, and my old bones are so full ofifhenmatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. Bat she kept her face passive. If he bad any suspicions her manner quieted th^jn, and putting down the glass be 4eft the room. Then Mrs. Hurd changed the position of the glasses. When lie came back—and he was gone but a moment—the nurse stood exactly where he bad left her, and Mrs. Spencer was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. ^Aftain he lifted the glass—this time the one intended for himself— and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the cobtAits, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. ^ " Niw for my own cordial," be said, with affected gaiety. ''I jpldnlge in something stronger." r As he spbke he tossed off the mix ture. "It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to see him do it," said Mrs. Hurd, relating the circumstance "tome, "but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued like thiB: 'IL it was simply cordial, it would do'no harm; if it was jpoison, his blood would be upon his own sinful head." He went to bed half an hour after ward, complaining of fatigue. In the morning they, found him defed. I was called to the poit-mortem examination, and we discovered in the stomach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to kill half a dozien men. My brothei* physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had probably taken the doBe in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her Btory, I had my own theory as to the cause of his' death. There was no public exposure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it nouldjprofit no one to make the wretched amir public, and so we kept our own cowrael. Miss Melrose, in spite of my con viction that she had an active part in the conspiracy against Mrs. Spencer's life, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and hBggard face as hers I have never seen, and when they buried Doctor Spencer she was con fined to her bed with brain fever. 1 attended her in her illneBs, but, though she recovered in health, she was never herself gain. She was a harmless maniac, whose delight wrb in gathering flowers and decorating the doctor's grave ' with them. She is living still, ani still gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wire, and the faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under the violets, did , Alice know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told her, alter the first shock was over, she crept into my arms and whispered: •' But il it had not been for James' crime I should not have- found you, Herbert. So good tomeiimes comes out of evil." 