ARRIVAL IN MELBOURNE, WELCOME SERVICE AND SERMON. UNIONISM, FEDERATION AND CO OPERATION. MiCLHOtnixn, Friday.— Dr. Sanmarez Smith, tho Bishop of Sydney, arrived by tho Oroya to-day. 'Dr. Smith was heartily welcomed at Williamstowu by tho Anglican clergy. lie was uiiveu to xuHiJopscourc, wuoro no will remain tho guest of BiRhop Goo during his stay in Melbourne. The Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Gou hold au 44 at home" this afternoon at Dishopscourt, when a number of prominent clergy aud laity of the dioceao wero invited to meet Dr. Smith, and among tho visitors were Dr. M4Gartnoy, Dean of Melbourne, Archdeacon Stretch, Dr. Brown- less, the Chancellor of the University, Captain and Mrs. Acland Hood, Captain Wallington, Captain Mann, Mr. Justice Webb, ami many members of tho Cnurch of England, clergy and laity. Tho Primate was accompanied by his sister, Miss Smith, his two daughters nnd sou. The guest assembled on the lawn in front of the house, where Dr. Gou pre sented an address of weicomo on behalf of the clergy aud laity of the diocese of Mel bourne. The Primate expressed his thanks for the welcome lie had received at their hands and for their words of encouragement and sympathy. He felt that much of the strength that had been vouchsafed to him during his lato horeave- mout was duo to tho prayers of those in Aus tralia as well as those in England. The develop ment of tho church in new lands brought with it new duties and new difficulties, but with them would come new strength. He looked forward lo the co-operation of all Christians, no matter what might bo their difference of opinion, in spreading the gospel, which wa not merely a matter of individual salvation, but wa necessary to the happiness of nations. He looked forward to the time when no discords or strikes would exist, but when all would serve God in perfect peace. Ho regretted he had only a day to etay iu Mel bourne. Dr. Smith Bails for Sydney by tho Oroya, which is timed to leave Williamstown ou Sun day ut daylight. To-night thu Bishop occupied tho pulpit nt Christchurch, South Yarra, when a special service was held to welcome him. There was a largo congregation. Tho Primato delivered only a short discourse. IIo said he was not amongst them to-night to preach to thein a formal sermon, but ho rejoiced in the oppor tunity given him of saying a few words on tho occasion of hi coming into tins great land to take up that high office for which they liud just prayed that he might have graco to fullil. Ho thaoked them heartily for thu weicomo they hud given Lo him. Ho commended himself, li is family and his work to their continued prayers. He thanked them for joining iu that thanks giving flcrvico for his deliveranco from tho perils of the deop, aud for the prosperous voyage hitherto, ami for tho prayer which they had just offered for his strength and help. He had been already very much encouraged in a time of deep sorrow by tbo thought and con sciousness of ttio many prayer offorcd up for him. Iu tho few words which ho desired to say to theiu briefly ho would only touch upon ono topic, which was always useful to dwell upon, and which, per haps, might ccma specially homo to them at a time like this. He meant the thought of that godly union which they had just prayed for iu thu special prayer offered by thoir bishop. Unhappily at this timo the very word "union" suggested thoughts of disunion, discord and strife, but ho would try to raise liia thought and their own above all difficulties of earthly politics and the complexities of social trouble to tho tone of the uuion which came from God and which they might have if they nought it from God tbo Holy Spirit in communion. Thero were florae word in the llth verse, 4th chapter, of St. Paul's Epistle to the Collossians, which he fell were being fulfilled to him to-day and which he hoped might go on being fulfilled for many year to come. Tho words wero "These are my fellow workers unto the king dom of God, who have been a .comfort unto inc." The Apostle, however, used a word which he could not say hut what some of them had done and said to-day. They had shown themselves to havo been fellow worker unto tho kingdom of God, and ha-1 been a comfort uuto Him. Ho would add to the words of St. Paul another word of tho flame apostle, who, in hia Epistle to tho Romans, called certain helper as 44 helpers in Jesus Christ — fellow-workers unto tho King dom of God." Here was a union of godly inllueuccs which they might well m>ek for, and pray for, aud strive to attain to. It was a union for no selfish or limited purpose, it was a union which did not hinder hut helped a union which had a helpful purposo even to comfort others. It was a divine bond. They wero fellow-workors, fcilow-helpcrs in Christ Jesus. Sutoly they had the widest ami deepest ideas of terms hero introduced, naraolv, co-oporation aud federation — co-operation working together ; and federation, bound together in a bond of unity. In spito of tho many diversities that existed, this godly union, this co-operation, this federation was a union which came from God by the communiou of the Holy Ghost. This was tho union which Christianity Vaa meant to bring into tho world, so that their rniuds ami their hearts could bo oncottraged by the thought that through God tho Father canto the unity which belonged to tho family of God, that through Jesus Christ came the union to which they wero made members, and that through the Holy Ghost that union wne brought into their hearts and so into their lives moro nnd more in proportion as they prayed that God tho Holy Spirit might direct and rule thoir hearts. Christianity was the unifying truth that God had sent into tbo world to put away all the discord and differences, and to reconcile all things unto Himself. Their aim should be to help one another in Christ Jesus, also to licit) forward — aud lie said it in all reverence— God'fl purposeo in the world, and to bo fellow-workers with God. He prayed God the Holy Spirit to help them all to be follow workers unto the kingdom of God, and bring them to tho perfection of that kingdom through 11 it) son Jesus Christ. 