Week of Prayer. Address by the Rev. W. Scott. Tho first of a series of prayer meetings ar ranged to he held in toe oity ohnrdhos during toe present week was held at Wiokham terraoe Presbyterian Ohuroh last evening. There was a large attendance, and toe Rev. William Scott delivered an earnest and eloquent adiress on top snbjeot of " Personal Conferaion and Snp- Slieation." The proceedings were opened by evotional exercises, and then Mr. 8eott com menced his address by saying that it must fail to them all as an inspired thing to think that toe whole world waa this week girt about by golden ohains of prayer around toe feet of God. . It was a thought for whioh all hearts shonld rise in gratitado — that whatever names Christians might be called by, and whatever the differences that divided Christians from Christians, they wore all now manifesting a very real and very true unity in Christ. The week of prayer throughout the world demonstrated most completely the unity of all Christians in Christ Jesus. There was an agreeance throughout the world to turn backward and oonfesB and supplicate' to God. They had agreed to turn and look book upon the way they had gone, to remember the sins and failures, falls and limitations in duty, the wealuiees that had marred their servioe, and chilliness in _ even their best and traest lives. Inspired hy these thoughts they had agreed to look np and b9seech God for strength and power that toe days to come should he less mirked by imperfections and sinfulness than the davs that have been. In doing this one thought should be laid npon their hearts, and that was that wherever two or torea were gathered together in God's name He was there in toe midst of them, and before _ they supplicated the throne of grace for the spirit's unotion, and for power to live as they desired for Christ in the year npon whioh they had just entered, they Bhould, in all solemness, try to realise toe presence o£ Christ He was nearer to them than breath ing—nearer than hands and feet. If they conld only realise that, then the ministries of B3b goepel would be more vital, more fraught with holy power, end would become to God's people baptisme of light and grace. He then referred to toe meaning of oonfesBion— talking and conferring with God and one another — and illnstrated toe position of many people by picturing a olond, toe beauties of whioh were not notioed till it had passed by. Its attractions were onlyrcalised in toe reminiscence, and thus it was with many, who only realised toe goodness snd mercy of Christ in the remem brance of what had been. In the proportion in which they realised the presenoe of Christ that night, so should their cunfoBsicn be true and real and full. Gould anyone say they had nothing to confess? Was there no weak ness, no omission of dnty to recall, no wrong bent of life to tell their God ? It was impossible for them with their deficiencies, omissions, sins of commission, to say so. It was impossible to bring the whole black record of the past into one focus, and lay it before God, and say timply " we eoafess," in the spirit of sorrow end oontrition, because seeing the present lovo of a present Ohriat they looked hack with an intenBer sorrow and grief that they trod npon that love with suoh a vandal tread, and shut their eyes ts those holy ministries, eo full of love, eo tender, so gentle, and eo full of bliss. Bnt God was glorified in their oonfessioa, in their confidential attitude. God saw them in harmony with himself, with hearts open for his blessing, and with hearts no longer olosed against the wooinge of his ministries. Notwithstanding all their failures and falls their hearts wonld break forth in prayer that that tho past should never again be disgraced by a record of failure, ingratitude, sin, and ooldneBB, and that the future Bhould be brighter and more radiant with a loving trust in God more signalised by impassioned love of OhriBt, growing deeper and truBr and more manifestly in a heavenly direction. And as they looked forward to the new year they oould all be sure that whatever it contained, whatever it should leave as a record, if the Churoh of Jeeue Christ was to win viotorieH, to be purified, to rise to trner, higher, nobler altitudes, it would have to he through the Spirit of God. Then let all their prayers he to Him who ' was so near, that the ohnroh might learn afresh its entire dependence on that spirit. Let the church be humbled in true and consistent prayer that that spirit might be given to it ; and toat in too beginning of (he year, the' hearts of toe people should be quickened, toat darkness should be swept away, all gross-' oess and worldliutss shonld be purged, and toat God's people should become temples of toe - Holy Ghost. They had agreed, too, to ask God for greater strength and deeper conseoration. In doing so they shonld realise that Christ died for them, and in that realisation wonld they take toat whioh he offered them, remembering 'toe foot that they were not their own, bnt had been bought with a price ? They should ask Christ to keep them and his ministers faithful to His gospel. He concluded hy praying that this week of prayer tronld be toe Bubjoot of their prayers ; that they ehonld ask God to make those meetings in various oharohei meseagcB of Christ to even- ohnroh in Brisbane. Fray to God that he might signalise toe week hy a baptism of His Holy Spirit abroad. : \- After a collection in aid of toe Dnnwioh and St. Helena Mission had been taken np, farther prayers were offered, and toe meeting olosed in toe uenal way. 