'Ij'. PARISIAN GOSSIP. In {"¿«g came eoaasiPOKasinf.) -"~ PARIS. Oct. 17. Fit arrival of Vessel DIUoa tal O'Brien in the day after a troublous Chionel wandering of storeys in fog and uncertainty concerning the truth state, was settled the vexed question of the weather of those advocates of occupation of Farmer's property without the payment of rent after it of course busy with a supposed intention ofOiBritliB Government to demand their extra m; last the Premier it no. doubt too well aware IfSiiaonttof lyBBithyislt in France for a! Aitssmits of the Empire,', whose destruction is Mvdet- td to have been the true motive and she efttegrMtFrwou Revolution, tom as a demand was told hats to small a chance of being rnviwA a flat departure of the willow (to late in array and is owing) to been followed by the ceremony after "Hits of the Holy Ghost," can only offer of a the " Red Mass," which celebrated in MMCt of the lawyer-world st Paris arrayed in Sentries uniforms, open the courts of law to the ajinefeus« awaiting legal decide The winner jam of this rapidly departing year has therefore parts. The opening of the Chamber, which took river a few days she, has not yet produced atta tradition here, its doings being as tried to '" formalities in preparation, for the various departments of serious work and will have to be taken in hand as soon at pre Ualttilst has been settled. The questions of Hmtt, the Budget, the McKinley Bill, and come again nettes will be among the earliest discusses ; in the few remaining partisans of the female prisoner to a dictatorship, and the more ggMKDs and influential a Iherentt of the Mo sunken resume, art intending to move resolutions Band in the return to France of their respective hold, the attention of the Chamber and of the side will be specially occupied with matters of art immediate importance, Oot|itat«N are still assembling and during the first sad demands of their members. That of «jMUfri'l travellers, tilting in Bordeaux, has been unseated for its calm and friendly tone. It has naval authorities to vote at elections or letter or telegram, and the protection of the Government for its Ministry In the colonies During his station if four days it put forth various useful ideas, and lined office doings with a punch." The Coo- and! Ohatalltrtult has been more violent in its appeals for a general union of all strikes and strikers, specially among the workers in mines, whose into action it declared to be the certain method for season til employers to the terms of their work- people, viz., the working day of eight hours, a juBimum of wages, and the settlement of all the facts point by c committees of employers and employed; the debates winding up with a banquet at Loton's, followed by a bill, The Congie- of rain, which wound up with a dinner ; the Con- guns of American ,s, whose members are collect tog all obtainable information concerning the high rate of South America previous to the eat blush sweet Spanish domination in that vast and arresting region - the gathering of the breathe! explorers thus brought together big welcomed, and feted by the Elvslie, Prince Soltad Bona area, and a host of official and Academic dignitaries. French delegates have gone to Hills, to attend the German socialist Congress. MiDtime their brethren here have had a collision tree in honour of the reed of the Bismarckian anti-socialist Ipgialation, the celebration consisting of traveling of German residents in a large room in the neighbourhood of the Gobelins, into ally decorated with flags and foliage, and the carrying a portion, round the room, a doll supposed to re fruit was defunct law, carried on a plank, and assisted by two old women armed with brooms and wearing aprons on which ap passed towards "Oasettso/Cologne" tod "disease j Ilford germany." A person arrayed as a Protest- tât pastor delivered a funeral oration, which is well up with the intimation, " Now we are going to change their beloved relief to the Museum of (assail- is Friedriohtfuhsl" on which the orchestra began to play the Marseillaise, in which tteMtttlily joined, while Bengal fires were lighted, at all present danced round the doll that were still the end of the sntegontetio Bismarckian system It would be well if all the popular de- offer a larger measure of justice could wind with horror writes footway of vengeance that this is latest and" Heatings fe? similar sums, out of a less pretentious aWe^tW-«eo«gTUi«»'ln question, here are dear too numerous for separate mention. One of the demands the abolition of hoses for the sale a wholesome beverage, and the imposition of twice the sum now imposed on the sale of aloo knee ones. Another, in view of the Expiration of stating commercial treaties, demands the establish meat of two classes of tariffs ont of reciprocity with countries favouring Corporation of French products, letter other of retaliation with countries fondly to French trade, ' The annual presentation of prizes to the pupils of the Orphanage of Jewellery, Goldsmiths, sad Watobiaakers has been a very grand fair, with prices of numerous official and coRonial notabilities, the reading of in uMllent report, and an * admirable concert, instrumental and vocal, to wind up the year, A similar meeting of the patrons of the Orphanage of Artists," founded by St Laurent, the highly successful under her energetic press W, »m equally brilliant Senator He bred soil If, Barrie the eminent member of the Academy of Emms have borne the p event of the projected "Cashbox of the Press," which is to rate the variations enabling the commit ted to band con lastly in hand a man of £120,000 (three millions find) ready for the immediate resistance of the vita of the great public oatestrophea-oyolonet, electric storms, inundating, conflagrations See. which have been so common of late, working injury that local effort it to painfully inadequate to repair, all white the Parliamentary and Government -theatre is too slow to help with the necessary? -trim. The statutes of the 'projected Press emulation will be submitted to the Chamber as ora it drawn up. To a spar monte of new explosives now being so still; remain on. at various points of the country, km been attended with sxtiloaioni sad accidents that have occasioned a considerable number of deaths, had a still greater number of injuries,' more or less severe, Among the most important of them at the experimenters heavy gun firing now being enacted on board the St., Louis, at Toulon, W electric light The object aimed at 11 legate! up, and the , district regulated ; an optical apparatus reproduces the figure of the target 01 . aneen attached to the gan. The apparatus te and in the daytime, when a dark chamber 11 is BoUlia on in sides of the cannon; and the reflection of the object comes out even more strongly tin at night. The three are found to be almost Uwivi effective a "Htmontl Council " has been sstsUished for the, purpose of raising new monuments to die anguished Frenchmen whose memory has not yet in their honoured, and also for repairing and pre inviting those already in existence, special ears ring declared necessary in the preservation of the cross, pillars, is, raised in memory of soldiers who have fallen on the field of Milk, said, that are now too generally neglected. To honour the memory of those who have rendered ..'..»«Slid «elf-ucrifieiag service to the country jJwMwtly a patriotic duty; but at a time when the public burdens are so heavy for taxpayers, the wisdom of spending large sums in honour of glass of the past (like the Chevalier Bayard), to worn it is proposed to erect a monument, may be awottaly questioned. lit sudden return of cold wind and rain, aspect .syuwsloooi« after the splendid sunshine and soaring temperature we have been enjoying, Tested the housing of the orange-trees and is^ejrtnatt» that form 10 charming snornam- ntof Mr White gardens of this city, and the withdrawal Mtil next summer of the splendid military bands Uitfivt admirable concert, on fixed sf unions, in ttefivoorite promenade grounds of the Tuileries sets. Lonmbonrg. 5\. feet pendulum recently affixed to the Eiffel she has been ooatempttted with curiosity by the assy thousands of visitors who flock to that centre ¡¡["...st week unflagging zeal. Besides the knee is of actions which M. Maeder expected to solve Wththeiid offer additions, it will ensure the story of the renowned Tower by showers even the UitMtat bending is that fracture. Should then see, the hydraulic apparatus at the bars of the AWA would at once raise the Iron Colours at the JWttthat indicated, and would under the centre was of steel wedges so easy matter. M. Alpbud is determined that his beloved SMttnoftht Champ de Man shall contribute Jolly to the amusement of Paris during the owing winter. The Programme of a series of fees until the bodies within the enclosure is being case in papers, read will, no doubt, be brilliantly _"W«u. The Municipal Council is engaged in a Maw Mary JB. Alphasd Ulna s tending spirit is 22s »^4»i«|W of the Hotel de Ville. The *"«U|aUtiti-wiil be conducted in arms, and the .«JJ*»» world will follow suit at the mugs ""as "a ' wtstkenrtet predict a state of -national". cold; with 'high forwards usually -in, the least of warmth are hoping for a mud and Flinton appears to have decided that silks, satins, and velvets are to Bgnrs. through the coming weather, mainly as one amen tal adjuncts to dress of cloth of extreme lightness, softness, and the most exquisite shades of colour. Even ball dressed, as decreed by the leaders of fashion, are to be of old- i lovelies, of statuesque skimped in the skirt, and lavishly adorned with embroidery, -soda, sold jewels, real or units live, according to the parts of the water. The attempt to -view the horrors of crinoline wearing destined to be abortive; thong- the very small four- more already been introduced at the centre of the -show is undoubtedly imposed u a step towards the return of the Instrument that subserves so affect fully the interests of miners furore and dressmakers by the immense quantity of manure- which it compels the rails. world to par- chain. No novelty- is proposed in the style of dresses ; every style is still to be permitted, and such welter is to be at liberty to wear what she plates in the way of tasks. No pleatings, no floating draperies are to be allowed ; but the utmost freedom in decreed in regard to all other details, For the street, the president jacket is to be worn much lengthened, and merging into close. For hill and bonnets, every size and style is in equal favour, the only requisite being that each rebel! sired the hospitality of a resting-place to as great a quantity of flowers or bowl of riband so they can be roads to support. Birds and wings are still a rage, threatening the extinguishing of roses that are already ginning to disappear. The swallows, that came to late in the spring, hats sad' enly departs!, foreseeing cold weather. OF -merges his been making up its search for the sea on just closed, by far the most success far with which it but been favoured during the hundreds of years of Its Patsi _ Play. It has netted the sum of 700.00 marks, Which, Urge as it a-mt, being shared among so many, gives but a moderate amount of par to each of the villagers, all of whom take part in the performance and in the receipts. Heyer, who represents so ably Jesus Christ, naturally receives the great amount, and has this year gained 1000 marks; sulphur comes next, with SOO; St Peter and Pontius Pilate have pocketed 6000 a-piece. The hundreds of subsidiaries receive only small pay me- The Pope has renewed his offers of a handsome sum down if the villagers will eng not to repeat the performance in the future But the war lags indignantly -funds to abandon a per cent among which its people regard as a duty as well as an honour, sod the noises play will doubtless be performed 10 years here as it has been perform-, every 10 years, since its commencement. The news of giving more partiality to the school-teaching now provided for all children being strongly felt in this country, the Paris Municipality his founded min) schools, in which trades and handicrafts are taught them with the usual routine of book learning. ~ It has recently added to those s splendid en-biish_unt for girls, in which they learn trades while pursuing their studies. This school is furnishing excellent results, but has been euahlUhrd at a cost in harmony with the wealth of the capital, far exceeding the resources of many centres that would make matters, but have not the pecuniary means of doing so One of has the little town of glass, in the department of the Tonne has aval led the difficulty by making a school with the aid of a capital constituted in (hards. ' Its school, founded that in 1878, with a capital of only £288, has yielded excellent results, and it very flourishing. Its people are divided into two cate- ground. In one, the pupils are prepared for entrance into the Normal -book, or for teachers -f in the other, for one or ten pressures. in addition to the regular studies, Both places are thoroughly trained in gardening and cooking. -is to wool has taken a remarkable amount of resolution honours, and would serve a a useful model that could hardly be too widely imitated. This Arsb mother who, with a couple of male rs lations and s gazelle (intended for presentation to Mme. Carnot). budnfraved the scene r of the party from Africa to this city with the sale of all her belongings, to the hope of returning from the President the pardon of her son, is overwhelmed with grief by the refusal of her prayer. The son, under the irritation of a sudden quarrel, killed the party who, she claim to pray, insulted him and was about to kill him. the son is the sole sup- port of the unhappy widowed mother and her younger children and disabused of premeditation, was expected to secure a favourable answer to her demand, _. Daru st, whose non intervention between the law and its violators had hitherto won so clear an approval on the part of the public, has (seemed urge- binns by his recent departure from this attitude of respect for the law, having substitut- the hulks for the gay flowers in the case of two murderers, -either of whose essays offers the plight of ground for such a display of leniency, and the case of any of them the murder of two persons with premaditstion-being especially hideous, Tns displeasure excited by this in ao-aotsbls pardons will probably lead to the suppression by the Chamber of the right of pardon now lodged in the hands of the Chief of the Execu time, and its transfer to a body to be of a ed from the highest representative of the law, for the purpose of examining, and deciding, all demands for a review of capital sentences. 