THAT VACANT OFFICE. COINCIDENCES are curious things. ( J For some months, and indeed ever since the lamented death of the late PATEICK: HATES, there has been consistently advocated in these columns the advisability of making radical changes in relation to the duties and emoluments of - the Inspector of Nuisances, and the desirability of a certain course being followed has been pointed out. The Borough Council in the exercise of its power and duty, referred the whole matter to the Finance Committee, and that body, having presumably given it serious attention, brought up a report greatly at variance with the views which we had repeatedly ventured to express. That report came in due time before the Council, and gave rise to some adverse criticism in the meanwhile, however, the action of the Overseer of Works, Mr. E. J. LOVE, had rendered it impossible to carry out in their entirety, the proposals embodied in the report. So it had perforce to go to the wall, and the whole matter was referred back to the Finance Committee for reoonsideration. Then " a change came o'er the spirit of their dream." Once more the members of that committee met in solemn conclave; they to work to demolish the elaborate structure, which had been erected a few days previously, and to start on entirely new and fortunately improved lines. Long and anxious, it lias since been averred, were the deliberations; deep thought and care were expended on the question, and now the world has been made acquainted with the result Luckily, in this instance the mountain has not brought forth a mouse. The result of the Committee's labours, we axe glad to say, happens to be based on the exact lines laid down time after time in these columns. Coincidences are curious things. It is a well-known fact that local civic dignitaries are not in the habit of reading local journals. Should they become acquainted with the contents of these publications, that fact is due to an accident or to some less dignified acquaintance having pointed out some particular item in the tabooed journal. Were it not for this circumstance we might be tempted to assume that for once the wise men of the Borough Council have listened to the voice, and followed the advice of a local organ, and might have rejoiced accordingly. As matters stand we can only repeat: " Coincidences are curious things." •The subject is of sufficient importance to.justify a further brief reference to it. AH was pointed out by several aldermen at" last Wednesday's meeting of the Borough Council the matter affects the health and possibly the lives of the ratepayers, and of every resident in the town, and too much care cannot be taken to put an end to the present eminently unsatisfactory state of things. Expressions of opinion to this effect falling from the lips of men, who like Aidermen B&utxs; and BLADOB are certainly not given to exaggeration or sensationalism, afford gratifying evidence, that the members of the Council have at length been awakened to a full sense of their duty. Everything will now of course depend upon the individual, who may be selected to fill the important position under review. The salary provided by the Council — £200 per annum—is quite euffciently liberal to secure the services of a thoroughly efficient man, and if the safeguards which were suggested at the meeting on Wednesday last, are only rigidly adhered to, it may be safely assumed that a satisfactory appointment will be made. Whilst it is somewhat difficult to believe that our municipal fathers are physiognomists of so. advanced a type, that a glance at the individual offering his services, will at once enable them to gauge his fitness for the office, personal interviews with the various applicants will undoubtedly have their advantages. There will be many applications—local and foreign—accompanied by testimonials and certificates of character, and probably some of the men producing such documents in abundance, and apparently ef unexceptional quality, will be at once requested to retire gracefully. We have on more than oue occasion expressed an opinion that it might be desirable to appoint a stranger to the position in preference to a townsman, as being more likely to prove his thorough independence. It may be admitted, however, that our contention will lose some of its force, if the expressed determination of the aldermen, not to allow party or personal spirit to influence theiropinion, is strictly actedup to. That this will be done, we are quite willing to believe; all we ask is that each applicant, whether a townsman or not, shall be judged upon his merits only. We sincerely trust that the suggestion, thrown out by us, and prominently brought forward by Aid. TAYLOB on Wednesday, that the whole time of the newly-appointed official shall be devoted to the Council's work will not be lost sight of. If be does MB duty honestly and thoroughly he will have no time to fry other fish. We look forward to the issue of the matter with confidence. "TUB a thousand pities that the whereabouts A of that fruitgrowers' petition in favour of the George- street west site for markets cannot be traced. Nothing would have strengthened the position taken up by the F. G. Union just BOW more than the document in question, as showing that the parties tnoBt interested, the bona file growers, are practically unanimous on the eubjtot. More than once doubt has been thrown upon the existence of the petition, as for instance in a Utter which appeared in Thursday's S. M. Herald, and which bore the signature "Architect." The writer, after having in an unjustifiable manner hinted that the petition was a myth, goes on to ask: " Accepting it as having an actual existence, what value could be attached to such a document in tbe settlement of the question at issue P " That is just where the mischief oomea in ; the signatures attached to the petition would have shown its undoubted value. Has it yet been positively ascertained whether the document was ever presented in Parliament or not ? If not, why not P " LD. BLADON should have availed himself of the invitation of Mayor BDBDEKIN and A have attended the ball at the Exhibition Building, Sydney, on Thursday last. He would then have avoided offending the susceptibilities of the Chairman of the C. C. A. and H. Association's meeting and have escaped Mr. BOOTH'S dignified rebuke. Poor Aid. BLADON, who is well known to -be the most guileless, as well as the most juvenile, of our Municipal Fathers, in the innocence of bis heart brought forward a question, certainly at the wrong moment and under an erroneous impression. He did not get far: Chairman JOHN BOOTH sat npon him in rather a ferocious manner, accused the guileless one of insincerity, and informed him and the world at large that he (Aid. Boon) had not come there to be ridiouled. His junior brother explained, acknowledged his error, and promised not to offend again. But the Chairman's feelings were ruffled: he still declined to be laughed at. Really, the whole thing was absurd. Who in the world would ever dream of laughing at the venerable and venerated alderman f _ ND after all, the oSeadiog Councillor A was quite right in desiring to have the point brought forward by him settled. . He had been assured, npon what seemed to him good authority, tbat the Hawkesbury Show had been postponed to the very dates fixed for the C.C.A. and H. Association's projected show, and he wished to ascertain the faots of the (natter. The Council spent a couple of hours in discussing the relative merits of black, brown and liver retrievers, of arch-angels, priests, nans, etc., etc., but never again referred to the point raised by Mr. BIADOH. The sooner definite information regarding it is obtained the better. ONTENTMENT rested upon, and happy C smiles illumined the countenances of the Councillors of the C. C. H. and A. Association at last Thursday's meeting, when the late Hon. J Searetary announced that Mr. WATKKB, _ a member of the Council, had almost—not quite — received a promise of £25 from the Sydney Hunt Club for a jumping prize at the Show. He hoped to hear more of the matter in a day or two. "Hear, Hear," exclaimed they, oneandall. Those smiles turned to sighs and groans when the genial Secretary of the Bosehill Baring Club opined that he could settle the question at once. Then he imparted the encouraging information that the Sydney Hunt Club had been wound up on Tuesday last and rejoiced io an overdraft of £30. Some one suggested that the Club might present the Association with the overdraft, out under the stern glance of Chairman BOOTH the frivolous one subsided incontinently. HEBE was but a small attendance at the T meeting of local cricketers on Thursday night to carry on tbe movement of forming a representative cricket club for Parramatta and district. Despite what was said that evening by each of the acting secretaries—Mr. Brodie and Mr. Coatee—we are not disposed to look upon the absence of the majority of those pledged to support the new dub as an evidence of exhausted interest. The evening was a rainy one; and many of those whose names went on the list—and whose guineas would have been welcome this week—live out of town. Even thOBe in town could not be sure that the meeting would take place as announced—for on a wet night, as everyone knows, half the world is not in a position to know what the other half is doing. Under the circumstances we cannot help feeling that the pessimism manifested by those who addressed the meeting was scarcely warranted; tut, though saying tills, we must at the same time counsel all not only to sacrifioe every impeding consideration to wit the promoters, but also to work cheerfully and hopefully. There is no doubt that the club will be "fixed up" by the present movers, or by others. As so much gratifying interest has bear shown in tbe step already taken, it is to be hoped tbe work will be carried to success by the former. T HE hope expressed at the meeting that intending members will send in their subscriptions without delay is a well-timed cue; and we gladly give it the prominence it deserves. If me movement is to be made to boom this coarse must be adopted; and we enjoin on ail interested in the matter tiie necessity Of adopting it. Still we believe that the ranks of the new dub will be strengthened during the winter. T HE Board of the Friendly Society's Medical Institute have taken a wise step in improving the nmnnmMM^n at the Dispenwry, for pertons waiting for medicines or for an opportunity to interview their doctor. There is now no necessity for any to sit like customers at a pawn-shop, opposite an exasperating pigeen-hole and ahuttsr. A large room at the back of the dispensary, and which is, well supplied with chairs, u at the disposal of lodge members,whilst the doctors have the use of amore comfortable apartment than their former one—at the rear of the waiting-room. W® made the remarks we did on the " pauperiah air " of tbe place under the old arrangement, in good part, bong as anxious as even the Board members themselves to promote die success of the Institute and to raise the tone of Friendly Societies' work in this particular. We are pleased that our suggestions were taken in equally good part; and we sow hasten to congratulate the Board on (he faot that they now appear to have got into smooth water in oonnection with their work generally. A BCHITEOT" writiDg to the Herald on J\\. 'Wednesday test asserts that "the Government have practically told them—the F. G. Union—they do not see their way to resume these cattle sale yards for the purpose named; they (the Government) have viewed the matter with the calm gauge of responsibility, and evidently decline to endorse the proposal of those who, as they say themselves, 'almost jumped at it.' In this they are entitled to the commendation of every patriotic member of the community." To this may be added, "and more especially of those who are interested, directly or indirectly, in the Darling Harbour rite. 1 Unfortunately (for "Architect"} he must have dreamt that the Government have indicated that they have arrived at any decision in'the matter. A ID. BRODIE took a preliminary canter on Wednesday last. Be drove the Municipal team and managed well enough. Certainly, the members of that team were in a strangely amiable and quiescent mood, and he gave them plenty of rein. So they disported themselves as they pleased and all went well: the near side leader made one attempt to kick, but even he subsided quickly and trotted gently along. LDERMAN BOOTH complained piteously A at Wednesday's special meeting of the Parramatta Council that no notice of such meeting had reached bim. " And yet I was at home all last night," he exclaimed, and when there appeared upon the countenance of one of his brethren, somewhat frivolouslyinclined, the ghost of a smile, he added rather vehemently " Indeed, I am at home every night." a UOTH Alderman DELLOW : " I witnessed a most narrow escape on Monday night when a collision between three vehicles in Church-street seemed really unavoidable. The vehicles were not provided with lamps, and the drivers were all racing. Indeed, between Lennox Bridge and the Pennant Hills Boad, Isawa dozen vehicles, not one of which had a light.'' Who will say after this that we do not need an energetic Inspector of Hackney Carriages f HE reception acoorded to the representatives T of the Fruitgrower's Union by the Mayor of Sydney on Tuesday last, and still more the decided expression of opinion which fell from that gentleman, will no doubt have the effect of strengthening the courage of those who are fighting for an object, which will assuredly produce the greatest good to the greatest number. The Mayor hit straight from tbe shoulder and, judging from appearances, meanB to stick to the site chosen by the Union to the bitter end. 