REMARKABLE GHOST STORY. A REAL HAUJiTED HOUSE. A remarkable '* ghost" story comes from Greenwich. Jt appears that Mr. Peter Bothwiek, in the employ ot the South Metropolitan Gas Company, had resided for three years with his family at 15 Horseferry-road, Greenwich, a four-roomed house. Mrs. Bothwiek had been troubled by hearing inex- plicable noises, which her husband had tried to explain away. The previous tenant, who occupied the house for 29 years, states that he never heard any noises, but his wife had often com- plained to him that she heard sounds like children falling out of bed. .About two years ago Bothwicks were away from home, and a neighbor states that during their absence he heard loud rapping in the house. Twelve months later, in July, 1888, Mr. Both- wick was in the country for a holiday, and on the 25th there were in the house Mrs. Bothwick, Mrs. Stedman and Mrs. Lloyd. At ten minutes to eleven these three were in the back sitting room, which is divided from the passage by a wooden partition running to the top of the house, when they lieard three hard blows as of a man's fist on the ceiling door. Much alarmed they rushed off to bed, and heard no more that night. All went well until July 25 of 1889, the anni- versary of the former manifestation. At twenty minutes to ten at night there were in the house Mrs. Bothwick and Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd, while a Mrs. Parkinson was in the i.ext house, ad- joining the passage. The three per- sons first named heard loud raps on the partition and Mr. Lloyd went out and searched the passage, but saw no one, and searched the cellar with a similar result. The rapping continued sometime appearing to be on the partition, and sometimes under the stairs. It turned out that Mrs. Parkinson was not the person rapping, and on Mr. Lloyd giving a rap on the wall he was surprised by hearing at the cellar door, close to his elbow three knocks which shook the partition, and was almost sufficient to knock the cellar door down. He opened the door on the instant, and searched the cellar, but found nothing. He knocked again and in reply there came three terrific knocks on the cellar door which Mr Lloyd had just closed. He immediately opened it again, and noth- ing could be seen, although a lamp in the passage shone into the cellar. Shortly afterwards Mr. Bothwick and Mr. Parkinson, who had been out together,returned home. The knocking continued and they made a careful in- spection of both houses, but found nothing unusual. Half an hour later two police officers arrived, and stayed some time. The knockings continued as before, at one time on the cellar door, at another on the stairs or on different parts of the partition. The people who were in the house also state they distinctly heard footsteps on the floor above the passage, but on going up could see no one. The police considered the matter a practical joke, but could not suggest how it was done. Meanwhile the knocking, which could be plainly heard on the other side of the road, had attracted a large crowd, and one of the men volunteered to communicate with the " spirit. " A conversation somewhat to the following effect ensued :—Are you a man?—No answer. Are you English ?—Three raps, supposed to mean "yes." Are you a woman'?— Three raps. Are you in trouble?—Three raps. Have the people in this house harmed you? —No answer. You are troubling this house a deal ?—Three raps. Did your friends harm you ?—Three raps. Did they kill you?—Three tremendous raps. Mrs. Bothwick here exclaimed " For goodness sake let the man go away. " He remained, however, at Mr. Both- wick's wish, and continued the question- ing,with the result that the interrogator pronounced that a woman was troub- ling the house on account of some crime committed many years ago. The ghost would not answer any frivo- lous questions such as " Will you come land have a drink with me?" About midnight the knocking began to sub- side. and the crowd dispersed, but the Bothwick family would not go to bed. Mrs. Bothwick lay on the bed for an hour or so with her clothes on, and Mr. Bothwick sat on the couch till he went to work at six the next morning and two young men stayed with him. The rapping gradually died away, and ceased .altogether about one o'olock. The Bothwicks determined not to remain in the house, and on the following Tuesday removed to Haddo-street, sit- ting up on nearly all the intervening days, until midnight. Two ladies, who appeared to be interested in the sub- ject of spiritualism, called before they removed, and said they should have liked to hear the rappings. One of them said she did not suppose the spirit would trouble anyone until next year, but it might as it has been spoken to. 