IRoveUatv THE HAUNTED HUSBAND OB, . lady Clietwyiid's Spectre. Br Mas. HARRIET LEWIS. .OHAPTEB XIII.-(CONTINUKD.) But now tho door of the bath-room ' opened-suddenly, and a slender, white robed figure stole swiftly into the hall, as if pursued, and glided like a . beam of light along the Hall to the rear . intersecting corridor. It was Bsraice! Monk flew after her in his list slippers as silently as Bhe. She ran fleetly down the long hall and turned aside into .thd corridor, Monk behind her. . They had scarcely passed beyond the great ball when Lord Chetwynd opened the door of the bath-room, and came, out in wild pursuit. But Bernice and Monk were both beypnd the range of his vision.? The . Beemi^g spectre was, flying along t6e dim corridor - toward an iinused portion of the extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back.. She gained another hall, from whioh a flight of stairs ascended, and went up the stairs with still rapidity. Monk came .' swiftly a little way behind her. She must have been conscious of the pursuit, but still she did not oast a backward: look ovei- her Bhoulder; Up one flight, then another, and Bernice had, gained a region of unused attics in the more ancient portion of the dwelling, ?? ? Bhe'ran across a dim passage into a little, b'aro and empty room, ,lit up- by the.moon light that; streamed in at the dormer-win- i dows. She had run into a trap, and seemed j to realise the fact, for she ran about the , room wildly, and then retreated to a farther-corner, uttering a low, strange cry, and covering' her face with her hands. Monk entered the room,, an£ closed "the door. 1 ?Bernice, in' her moonlit, corner^ panted and trembled. ,v Monk-pushed the bolt home" in ita socket,' and approached her, ."Bernice J" he said, softly"., , The girl started, with a ringing cry, .and looked up" at him with -distended 'eyes. ' . ?."Gilberfcl" ehe ejaculated. "I-I thought it .was Roy." .' No, it is I. I heard from Mrs. Crowl that, you had; strangely disappeared from Mawr Oastle, and I knew you would come here. 1 arrived myself only to- night." "With Eoy? Oh, how he ia changed, Gilbert I My poor darling 1 How grave and stern helms grown I And how his soul leaped out at me from his eyes 1 He is looking for me now. Hark 1 Is he coming tbis way.?" "No, Bernice. These rooms have not . been .used in years. He will not find you," . "I must go tovhim," cried the girl, in her Bweet, impetuous voice. " Now-now this minute J I knew you were at the Park, and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but 'you were not there. Release me from my oath. I must go to pay husband." "Beniice, listen to me. I have something to say to you first-" " Not a word. Why, he's looking for me now. He thinks me a ghost. Eelease me , from my oath. I must go to him. Is he calling? Let me go, Gilbert. In God's name, let me go to my husband 1" . " Not yet, Bernice-not until you listen to .what I have to say,":said Monk, firmly. " Chetwynd thinks you a spectre, as you say. He will go back to ,his room presently. There's time enough; but you must'listen to me." '.' Then speak quickly. How can I'Wait? He thinks me dead-he wants me-'? ' "Howdo you know tbat he wants you ?" fluked Monk, in crisp, bard tones. Bernice scarcely seemed to understand. Jlonk repeated the question. " How do I know 1 ' Why, because I want fiim. Oh, I love him so I I must go to him. Release me from my oath, Gilbert-" " Hear me first. Bernice, I have thought you the bravest, the noblest, the most gener- j OU8 of women, but you arc selfish like'tbe rest, You are'not capable ol self- sacri fice." - " What self-sacrifice ?" asked the girl, in a sharp whisper. " Are you capable of a' sublime self-abrie gation?" demauded Monk, his black eyea all; aflame. '' Can you immolate Self on. the altar of your husband's happiness ? I have thought that there was in you the stuff of which martyrs are made ; but, ah ! you are like all the rest, regardful only of your own petty love. And yet there have been women what have sacrificed themselves for their husbands-"' ''Gilbert, what do ycu mean ?" cried JBernice, her voice ringing sharply on tba /lir. ?" What was your last act before falling Snto the trance in -which you were consigned ,to your tomb ?" asked Monk, in a stern voice. Bernice seemed about to answer, but ,paused, deathly white. You remember ? Your last act was to, clasp the hands oE Chetywnd and .Sylvia ; Monk together. And what was your last .words?" # . No answer came from the girl's white lips. ;>3he began to understand his drift. " Your last words were to beg Chetwynd, ?after a euitab'y season of mourning for yoa, to marry Sylvia Monk," declared Gilbert, in his passionless voice. " Was it not so ?" Bernice looked at him dumbly, a world of .gathering woe in hsr great vivid eyes of 'gloom. " You do net contradict me, Yj)ur(Iast,acti 'Jjefore your'seeming death was to reuoi'te I those two who had been so terribly parted.' 1 And they were glad you gave them back'to each other. After consigning you to the burial vault, Chetwynd returned home and had a private interview with Sylvia. In thai interview all was made straight be tween them. Chetwynd thought it best to spend the year of his mourning abroad, and he went. He would not expose his future wife to malicious comment. He returned to day. This very evening Chetwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Your day is past-it is another's now! Your place is filled. You are not wanted here. The revelation that you live will only bring dismay and honor. Bernice, from my soul I pity you ! My heart bleeds for you 1" The girl drooped silently on her knees in the wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. ".There have been women," said Monk, after a long silence, " so self- abnegating that upon such a return to life they would go away in silence, witliont revealing the blasting secret of their continued life. Are there such women now?" There was a long and terrible pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for her response, .bat he had Jong to .waitV At last her low and broken voice cut sharply through the stillness, with the words : " but I am his wifej you know. . We said, 1 until death do UB part :'.and I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second marriage, while I live, would be illegal." " Not.so. Death annuls all ties. You seemed to die, and; were buried. Yon are supposed to be dead-you are dead, in the eyes of the law," said the villain, with an air of reluctant sincerity. "If you.were to reappear, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to make you Chetwynd's wife. I repeat, that in the eyes of the law you are dead. Chetwynd's second,marriage wohld be legal and valid." , The gir], brought up in a far island of the sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an English school-girl is well informed, having implicit reliance upon and faith in the man who had rescued her from the tomb; believed him 1 j " I wili go away," she said, in a voice 80: strange that Monk hardly recognised it., '. I am aoad in the eyes of the law. It will: be no crime for them to marry. I heard him, call her his' promised wifeI saw him kiss her. They shall be happy. I love him so well that I will die even for his sake I" "Arid you will go back to Mawr Castle?". The girl nodded dumbly. " I'll find Fiack. He shall hire a carriage, .and drive you to some station beyond East-, bourne. It would not be well for yon to be seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will ac company you back to the castle. You have done a brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing np Roy, Bernice. I admire you for your sublime self-sacrifice. I will make yonr future my charge. I will be your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Wait here, Bernice, while I go to find Flack and send hini.for the car riage. I will return and Bee you safely out and on your way with him." Bernice again nodded assent, and he went out, leaving her alone in the bare, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. . He made his way down to the edge of the park, and readily found Flack, who > was smoking a pipe in the shadow of the trees. Monk communicated the fact of his success, and sent his ally to the little inn at Chet^ wynd-by-Sea for the required carriage. Having seen him depart, fully instructed, Monk stole back again into the bouse. All was still now in rooms arid corridors. He crept along the dim passages, aritf ascended the stairs to: the attics. "He entered the little room in which he had left Bernice.-! - . She was.not-there 1 He stood as if trans fixed. . *. " , What had happened ? Had Bhe been dis> \- covered h Had she-repented her self- sacri fice i i !His wild eyes detected the ^leam of paper on the floor,in the broad sheen of the moon light. He bounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Bernice's note-book, and there was writing on it. He struck a fusee, aud, read. the 'irregularly scrawled words.-. They had been written by Bernice^ arid were as follows: ' " GILBERT : I have given him up. I shall respect raj oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him yet. One more look" it his dear . face-to hear hi3 voice again to see him sleeping-surely I' may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for me, I. may. go back to ltawr Castle in time-not now. My only thought now is that he is here and I must bo near him, myself unseen." v That was all. Monk sought for her through all the hours of that night. He listened at Chetwynd's' door ; he was in an agony of unrest and foreboding, for hie search was in vain.,, He did not find her I 