NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The loss which the shipowners have incurred by the strike iB believed to have been about .£100,000. The strike, which has lasted between 13 and 14 weeks, is estimated to have cost the men in this colony about £500,000. After being lost in the bush at Wentworth Falls for two days Mrs. Hadkins and her niece found their way home. The Katoomba Council have unanimously decided to erect crematory works for the disposal of nightsoil and house refuse. Sir Alfred Stephen has written to Lord Knutsford saying that Lord Carrington left the colony with the reverence and affection of all cla8sea. During blasting operations near Mittagong a live frog has been found inside a solid block of sandstone. It only lived for a few minu es after exposure. A man named James Mullios committed Buicide at Newcastle on Friday by jumping over the cliffs at Sheperd's-hill, falling a distance of 300ft. Several Devon bulls from the Queen's celebrated berd on the Flemish Farm, ueai Windsor, have recently been sold for exportation to Australia. It is proposed to form a Co-operative Land Company at NaTandera to purchase and work land on the co-operative principle for the benefit of shareholders. The Bowral Philharmonic Society has serenaded Lady Robinson. The act was intended as an acknowledgment of her many charitable acts duriog her stay. Mr. Richard Cox, of Marrar station, has cut out with non-union shearers. There was not, during the shearing, any disturbance, and everything passed of satisfactorily. The Minister who presides over the destinies of " Model Farms " has stated that he will not consent to the establishment of such farms away from existing lines of railway. Information has been received by the police at Brisbane from Blackall to the effect that John Francis Cameron, manager of Bimbah station, committed suicide by taking poison. The Shipowner?' Association have informed the Wharf-laborers' Union that they are prepared to take back members of the union Under the prevailing terms as vacancies arise. The Sydney bowlers are nothing if not enthusiastic federationiste. "Throw a bowling green over the Murray," said one of them at a recent banquet, "and there you are with your federation." It is estimated that at the close of the current year the WolloDgong council will owe .£7220, and it is proposed to increase the indebtedness of the borough by borrowing £8000, to be repaid in five years. The Mayor of Dubbo is seeking co-operation in favor ot constructing a line of railway from Werris Creek to Dubbo, which, it is thought, would be a great benefit to the northern and north-western portions of the colony. A large meeting of pastorrlists has been held at Qobar to protest against the proposed Babbit Bill, especially the 17th, 18tb, aud 19 h clauses. The rabbits are spreading all over the district and are creating great havoc. • Cardinal Moran and Dr. Saumercz Smith, the Anglican Primate, have exchanged cards, and prior to the arrival of the Government House party at the farewell barquet to Lord Carrington last week held a lengthened conversation. . It is the intention of Mr. E^eson, formerly of the Observatory, to issue ebortly a weather almanac for 1091, which will be replete with information, records, and general matter of value to pastoralists, agriculturists, and the public generally. In answer to a question, the Premier last Week stated that the Government was aware of the distress existing as a result of tbe strike, and said the Government would not stand by and see any case of absolute destitution without affording Assistance. The complaint from Dubbo of the hearing of land appeals in Sydney ought to be at- tended to. Appellants are often poor men, and Cannot take their witnesses all over the country. The court should sit in the country. If not, half its usefulness is gone. The vagaries of the rabbit appear to be unending. One day he is reported to be marching triumphantly across the big plains doing immense damage. Now Mr. Torrens, inspector of rabbit-proof fencing, reports that thousands of rabbita are lying dead along the boundary fence. Why they go to the boundary fence to die is not explained. "The other day a child two years old, the daughter of Thomas Bingham, of Moss Vale, wlio with its mother was visiting some friends near Crookwell, was playing with a cbaffcutter, when its hand was drawn into the cog-wheel and it was crushed severely. Dr.'Drought found it necessary to ampntate the first two fingers and the middle part of tbe hand. It is getting hot away in rabhitland—only getting," however. At Silverton lOldeg., at Wilcannia 102leg. in the shade last week, at Bourke last Sunday 103 leg. Even rabbits die noder the heat, as Mr. Torrens tells us— cenUeman who has a vast Blice of New South Wales under his inspection away back oo^ the Sonth Australian and Queensland borders. Of the Railway Commissioners tot the quarter ending September, 1890, thowa that on September 30 there were 2182 milea of railway open. The revenue showed an increase of £25,708 over the corresponding quarter of last year, while there was an increase in the expenditure of £95,326. The report showed that there were 39| miles of tramway open. Sir Henry Parkes has been in communication with the Premiers ot tbe other colonies with reference t) the proposed Federation Conference, but as yet the date and place of meeting have not been fixed. It ie considered, however, that the delegates will meet in Sydney, this being the moBt central city and the capital of the most populous of the Australian colonies. Mr. C. B. Cairns, of Parramatta, has received news of an extraordinary price being paid for fruit sent to Hamburgh from Dundas, in the Central Cumberland district of New South Wales. He sent 20 dozen oranges in one case and received word that they realised £8 tbe case. The oranges were packed in a subdivided case and wrapped in tissue and carried in the coo! chambers. The number of people who knew that Carbine was going to win the Cop are impeding traffic in the streets. But the number of those who wish they had put their money on him instead of some other, can only be arrived at by a calculation founded on the last census returns of the various colonies. And the voice of lamentation extends to the way-out wildernesses ot the remote " Never- Never." An alderman of Gundagai—and his name deserves to be mentioned, Mr. Alderman Jeremias—has presented to the municipality a central and valaable piece of tend as a site for a town hall and a pDblic library. The gift was described as a noble one, worthy of the donor, and the " handsome present" was accepted with the only condition attached— namely, that the town ball should be built within 12 months. A resident of Orange, named John Craig> died suddenly on Sunday last and an kquest was held the following day. From tbe evidence it transpired that whilst out on the Ophir road on Sunday Craig's horse broke away, and he was last seen alive endeavoring to catch him, running up hill. Medical testimony went to show that death resulted trom failure of the heart's action, induced by the Btrain and exertion in running after his horse. Mr. J. L. Toole (says a London correspondent) is very angry about the report which comes from Australia that he is going to be married again. He wrote home to a friend as follows :—" Just got your letter with that lying paragraph about my marriage. What a thundering shame ! Not a ghost of an atom of truth in it. An awful lie. I bave not the faintest notion of ever getting married again. Pray contradict it everywhere." Much dissatisfaction is felt by the wliole of the Crown tenants in tbe Milparinka district having to travel to Broken Hill at their own expense to attend the Land Court, a distance of over 200 miles. Tbe present is a very inopportune time, as owing to shearing, station owners find it difficalt to get away. A petition has been presented to the chairman of the land board requesting• that a board might be held l. cally, and offering to pay the board's expenses if the request be complied with. The codlin moth has again made its appearance, and, judging from a report that comes from Pennant Hills, it threatens to be more destructive than ever. It has started this year on the pears, and on some trees not a single fruit has escaped his ravages. It seems to be only a question of time and acclimitisation when this pest will treat all fruits alike. In view of the present shipments of apples from California, it is, in the opinion of the growers, high time that a fruit inspector was appoiuted. A serious accident happened to a eon of Mr. John Crisp, of Lellerslie Dairy, aged between 14 and 15 years, on Sunday last. He was out bird's nesting, and had just secured the eggs from a crow's nest when the two old birds returned and commenced to peck at him. Attempting to drive the birds away the boy lost his balance and fell heavily to the ground, a distance of nearly 20ft., badly bruising his iaca and breaking his arm. He was immediately brought into town to Dr. Kennedy, who set the arm. An application has been forwarded to the proper quarter for the incorporation ot the district surrounding the township of Moree, which is situated in the G#ydir electorate. A petition counter to this proposal, signed by a considerable number of residents, has also been received. An inquiry into the merits ot both the petition and ihe objection was held in the court-house at Moree last week, tofore Mr. George Lewis, and a report on the proceedings will be laid before tbe Colonial Secretary in the course of a iew days. Deputationists may, perhaps, get a wrinkle from Wagga Wagga. When the aldermen of that borough were informed that an inquiry was about to be made in regard to the extension of the railway line from Wagga to Tumbarumha, and that the examiners would be glad to receive information on the subject, it was promptly agreed that all the members of the council should meet them, and it was suggested that a few ouisiders should be invited to come in, with a view to make the proceedings more impressive 1 It is understood that the revenue for tbe month ot October is satisfactory to tbe Treasury. Tbe sarplue, as compared with the corresponding month of last year, is £43,000. Of this amount £20,000 has been received as probate duty. Notwithstanding the fact that the railway receipts show a decrease, presumably on account of reduced traffic caused by the strike, the Colonial Treasurer's estimate for the three months which will end in December next will be largely exceeded, inasmuch as Mr. M'Millan expected only a surplus ot £6000 for that period. On Wednesday, 6th inst., Emily Howard, daughter of James Eowaid, farmer, oi Rock Forest, was bitten by a snake in the.calf as she was on the edge of the river. Her brother made three incisions and rubbed in salt and the girl was put in a cart to be brought into town and a doctor was sent for. On the road she became very drowsy and had to be walked to be kept awake. The doctcr met her at Bankin's bridge and applied a cure, which was effectual, but constant attention had to be paid to the girl two days before her recovery was beyond doubt. The Minister for Lands laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly lust week a return showing the area of land applied for under conditional purchase . and conditional lease within the Eastern division of the colony during the months of July, August, and September, 1890\. The area applied for under conditional purchase was 633,778 acres, and tbe area applied for under conditional lease amounted to 1,047,809 acres. In the Western division 5040 acres were selected, under the conditional purchase provisions of the Act, in tee land district of Brewarrina. On Tuesday, the 18th inst., Mr. O'Sullivan has given notice to move in the Legislative Assembly :—" That in the opinion of this House, the terms and conditions on which the Colonial Treasurer required the second nd succeeding volume of tbe ' History of New South Wales,' to be written by Mr. Barton, were unnecessarily stringent and illiberal, That if the work is intended to be one of permanent usefulness, as a standard authority on the subject, it is not desirable that the writer should be restricted in point of time for tbe completion of any volume." The Tamworth council has agreed to eurtender its permanent common on condition that a certain reserve for recreation shall be vested in the aldermen, and on the further understanding that the Government will grant £1500 for tbe purpose ot fencing and otherwise improving the reserve. It was also agreed to spend £100 in kerbing a street which needs improvement. An alderman who supported the motion said it would be tbe salvation of his property, which was injured by flood waters; and another remarked that if the work were done he would " sleep a jolly eight happier" whenever a thunderstorm occurred. A correspondent of tbe Brisbane Courier writes :—" A sudden death occurred at a carrier's camp at Bengalla on Saturday even' ing, October 26. A bullockdriver named Parker, who was travelling towards Inglewood with his team, was accompanied by bis son, a young lad, who on the day in question was assisting his father as usual about the dray. In the evening the boy complained of pains in the head, and went to lie down. Later on bis unusually heavy breathing attracted bis father's attention, and shortly afterwards he died. The day had been oppressively hot, and the poor lad is supposed to bave died from sunstroke." With regard to the Jones' Creek rush, a correspondent writes :—" News has come to hand of more excitement at the ru»h, consequent on the good prospects realised by MeBsrF. Sbeather and party at their ' Carbine' claim, on western side of creek. Some nice prospects were obtained by them at 22ft., five grains to the dish being registered. The gold from this claim is much coarser than any yet unearthed since the rush. Nearly all the claims on the eastern side have been deserted, and on tbe western side the ground has been pegged out in all directions." We must again urge people not to rush there until something more definite is known. A shocking accident is reported from Swan Hill, by which a young man named Robert Martin met with his death. It appears that Martin bad driven Mr. John Cumming, owner of Kerf Keri, to Swan Hill, and was returning on Saturday morning to the station. The accident probably occurred when about three miles of the journey had been accom- plished. It is not known how it was caused, but it is supposed that in reaching forward for some purpose the deceased was jerked from his seat and got caught between the wheels and the body of tte buggy. When found the body was frightfully mangled. Martin was well known. He rode Liswah when he won the Bilranald Handicap. Mr. C. Mullen, of Noorong station, writes to the Deniliquin Chronicle :—" Sir,—I wish to inform the public of this district through the columns of the Chronicle that the shearing at Noorong station by the Wolseley sheepshearing machines finished on the 30th September. There were 24 shearers employed in the ehed, and great credit is due to the sheareis and Mr. J. J. Armstrong for the excellent manner in which the sheep were shorn. The machines worked well, and some very high tallies were made by tbe different ®® D < X oll ? WB : ~ Cook shore 160 ; Corde, 160; M'Farlane, 110 ; while the o.hera all made from 100 upwards per day. The shearing lasted six weeks, and no loss of time whatever occurred." A Carcoar correspondent writes : -"Albert Dover, a bankrupt appeared before the police magistrate Mr. N. Connolly, to answer two charges under the Bankruptcy Act. The first S^'w" 1 . 0 ' toodutently concealing after Wa bankruptcy a considerable portion ot his assets with intent to defraud his creditors. The second charge was ODC of obtaining, shortly prior to his bankruptcy, from Messrs. Tibba and Collie, of Blayney, a large quantity of goods on a fraudulent representation that he was the owner of a certain farm. The accused was committed for trial on both charges at the ensuing Orange Quarter Sessions. Bail in £200 was allowed in each case. The case excited great interest owing to previous disclosures at the bankrupt's meetings." Mr. John Hav n eg, M.L.A., has received an intimation to the effect that the application of the co-operative principle amongst the men engaged at the Bom bo quarries has been attended with satisfactory results. The men have enrolled some 60 members, who bave voted in power a committee of seven to consult and act together from time to time ; they have also appointed a working foreman for each branch of work and a general foreman to keep the books. All appear to agree very well, each man doing a good share of work. They have many applicants to join them, but they prefer to employ or discharge according to their requirements over and above the 60, and all appear to be confident of earning good wages, and are in every way satisfied. During Friday afternoon quite a crowd of people were collected on the rocks at Coogee Bay observing the manoeuvres of a big shoa! of tiger sharks disporting themselves in the water a few yaTds from tbe shore. It was seen that the voracious monsters were fighting over the carcase of some dead animal. Some of the Coogee Aquarium employes immediately set lines with a view of catching pome of them. Their efforts were rewarded later on, and at about 8 o'clock in the evening an examination of the lines proved that no less than three of the man-eaters had been captured. They vera hauled in and conveyed to the shark-pond in the aquarium, where they are now on view. They measure 8ft , 10ft., and 12ft. respectively, and are said to be specimens of the most vicious of the monsters. A terrible fatality is reported from Sydney. A little boy named Howard Moltz was aent to kindle a fire. He was assisted by hia sister Casko, and after having lit the fire he poared eome kerosene from a tin can on to the burning paper, with the result that an explosionfollowed. The wearing apparel of both the unfortunate children became ignited, and they were speedily enveloped in flames. Their cries attracted the attention of the mother, who, upon rushing into the kitchen, was horrified to see the children in flames. With great presence of mind Mrs. Moltz procured a blanket, and rolling it around both the children succeeded in extinguishing tbe fire, but not before they had been terribly burnt about the bodies. After lingering for some hours in great pain, they both succumbed to their injuries. Gold has just been discovered at Wagonga in an interesting end novel manner. The correspondent of the Bega Standard, writing on the 29 .h October, speaks of having been shown some splendid specimens of coarse suggetty gold, which had been obtained on the river beach qnite recently. Two men got lfoz. of gold by ordinary dish washing, after working about a day and a half. The discovery was somewhat curiously made. Two Iriends went down the Wsgonga River to get Bonie oysters, and while opening one they saw with surprise a piece of coarse gold embedded in quartz attached to the oystershell. Having an old shovel in the boat, they were tempted to try a few shovelfuls of the eand, and got an excellent prospect. They continued at the work with the mult above mentioned. A pretty ruby was also found with the gold. A report by tbe warden at Armidale on a. recent visit to the newly discovered'quartz reefs at Bungadore Creek, 70 miles from Armidale, 30 from Walcha, and 13 southwesterly from Glen Morrison, has been received at the Mines Department. Thereport states that there are about 200 people on the field. Gold was discovered early last month (September) by a prospec'or named Sullivan, the reef being a valuable one showing fine gold freely, the richest specimens having been obtained at Foster's mine. The reefs appeared near the surface, and are from 8in. to 15in. wide. A mining settlement had been laid off at the request of the miners on the best site available. There was a moderate supply of water, but if the population increased a dam would be necessary. Several specimens of quartz accompanied the report. ' Through Mr. Francis Abigail, M.L A., this colony is the recipient of a gift from Messrs. Tangye Brother?, enfiinemakers, Birmingham of a working model of the first locomotive steam-engine made by Murdock in 1782. The firm mentioned had previously refused many applications from other places for the model in question, but prompted by a kindly feeling towards New South Wales, they acceded to the suggestion made hy Mr. Abigail to present it to the Sydney Technical College. The Minister for Public Instruction has accepted the presentation, and has sent a letter o' thanks (through Mr. Abigail) to the donors. Ihis interesting exhibit will for the present be shown at the Technological Museum, Outer Domain, and will he transferred to the new Technical College, Ultimo, when that building, now rapidly spproacbiug completion, is ready. TheUrana district ball took place on Friday, October 24. The hall was beautifully decorated, and was a perfect bower 0r greenery with fairy lemps peeping out. Mr. ViiusenV JJrown, as honorary secretary, was indefetiofthose present"; 8 A promotethe are the following «?J°yn»>»t in a trained gown of black satin: Miss Simp-" «ob,:lri costume of yellow sift and black; Miss E. Simpson, pretty pinkcoBtnipe ; Mrs. Spillflr (Yathong), costume of black velvet ; Miss Spilfar, pale green ; Miss M. Spillar in cream silk? Miss Moore (Cocketegdonp) wore a IROWB of pale pink ; Miss Gell (Overton), frock of white net and satin ; Mies M'Lirty (Buudure) was in white ; lira Culley' (Naramiera) looked well in black ; Mrs. Mitchell, of Narandera, handsome gown of pink Batin : Mrs. Hill (Urana) in black. • The Mayor of Greta had a' disagreeable Quarter of an hoar at the last meeting of the council, when a motion was made to expiiuge bom'die minutes a protest against .the action of the council in fining one of its memterB £5 for Alleged improper reflections oh the mayor's social Status: The cause of tbe indignatipn waaa statement to the effect that theratejrer who had been raised to the digpity of S er chair was not a suitable person to occupy a-place on the magisterial, b^ncb. .tTltl- 'mately'the motion in opposition to the ex- •purijring of the protest was carried., Refqr- • enfcwwBremade to the Legislative Assembly, where' recalcitrant members were made, to toe the-mark, butitWas not pointed out that in 'iSny 1 instance a money penalty had been im- ; posad upon them. . If such a course were -taken, some of our legislators would soon forfeit morethan their Parliamentary salaries. " "A" matter, that may affect the railway bylaws in country districts where the business -of; : the $61Usb court is disposed of by lo<}al 'justices pt (he peace, cropped up at the Paripmafcta police coutt on 6th lnst. 4 when a man "iiimed Bailey was called to answer a charge,of travelling by a trafn on a workman's ticket not available for Buiih ifrain. The jurisdiction |of the Bench, which' consisted of honorary magis- 'trates, was questioned, and tjie Bench, was unanimous in the opinion that,,the easel did not eome under its jurisdiction. The Railway Act provided that peinalbies . for infringement bf the regulations mlght .be recovered before iny magistrate; but the framers had defined thri '\rbrd "magistrate" as " any policy] or ^stipendiary magistrate, or any jastjeq acting «s lis'deputy or in his place/' The Bench T&OBimended; that a case lie stated ifor, the Supreme Court. Application was accordingly madfe.' V ^ deputation from the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to. Children, consisting of TOr f ;»(ws f M.P., Mrs. Pottie, Mrs. (Judge) Wilkinson, and Mr. James Ewan, was received on Thursday , by the Under-Secretary, Mr. E. Johnson, in the unavoidable absence .of the Himster of Pablic Instruction. The deputation, advocated the introduction, of a bill to Parliament for the protection of children. They thought that improvements upon theAct in foltie lb Ebglancl.migbt beintroduced .into.the tftU to Wbroughtforward here. Sir. Johnson, iq're^l'.expresBed'Mr. Carrutbera' regret at his absence and mentioned that the proposed bill VraBitf print, butthat in view of the Btatxjpf pnbtid ousmeVs it wap thought the present time ^aS " 1 unfavorable to its in^odnctjon. He Awaitedthem, on bebalf of "the Minister,, that the'fifst Opportunity of presentinfitbe bill to thi'JIotLse wpuid be taken. Dr. Ross thanked ifr.'Johnson for his reception of the depute' tSbfi., .'"•, , .Mr. Ednie Brown, the Director-General of Forests, during a recent tour collected a large, romber. of specimens of the * tnore finelygrained woods of New South Wales, and they barf -now been worked up in the'form of . a polished picture frame, 2ft. x 1ft. 6in., and presented to the Mayor of Sidney, wbose photograph has been placed therein; The frame is composed of bl tsks (each 2in. square) of the foilowing woods :—Lignum virae, silky oa^,"yellow; cedar, tulip wood, currawang, yarran,,rea cedar, river oak, cypress pine, dogwood, foreBt oak, bastard, myall, 'brush lignum anion nut, rosewood, river she^oak, beefwpod, rneBsmatf, black wood, blackapple, man" grovpi honeysuckle, .;boree,; epearwood, forest mt|hogany,. buddah, red ash; A couple of puzzle boxes, made of messmate,' union nut, itoretpn Bay chestnut, feilky oak, broad-leaved watergnm,and boree wtete presented with the ri^re frame.: The three gifts'adorn the VaVpFrB private room attheTown-HalL - 1 A 6orreep'obdent to'a fiatkur'«t paper com- ptaltiti thief Jjigcsrs. C6bk 'and "Sob (the tourist caterer?) carry tourist ^passengers on the New Sofilh 'Wales TailwaVe at cheaper' rates than' -the' ! c5mhiis8l6ners ; chai'ge tbe'public, an4 adds Afe not the' Tail ways" the property of the State? If th§. State's, then the people's ! I say the State should" not allow" a. private firm to carry _paS8bbgerf"cheaper than it does itself.' Some months agoj^essrs, C>ok and Sin en deavoured,to get some cheap advertisements frtoni ; the' country" newspapers by .sending printed slipfi to he used as " copy.'" The bait tobt with a ifew. biit as there was/' nothlng in it" it was soon dropped." Now 'thw firm of tonriAlDontractors publish a sbeet of their own, its only 'eemblance to a newepfeper being that it is registered as one, and consequently it jr carried free'with "fiter Mfljesty's mails" all over' Hbe country." Messrs. Cook and Son dohbtlert consider that they have got A very " soft thing " on with the aid of our postal andirailWay authorities. : . • - Ifctely theEailway Commls'sioners proposed tolia^oduCe a'Bystemof free passes to be is- BufidVii 1 JBve, years' to .any person who built a, rafi&fe;^'^ohh' ^ldtitf within a certain radius of gWnriy';'' but it is now stated that the propoifi'ii Ukely to be abandoned, as at if doubtful u #h4Eh&" tt Uouti be legal. It certainly ought to be, for there is no reason why a* mrftt wbo Is rich enough to build a house worth £1000 should have advantages denied to a poorer man who can spend only half or quarter the amount ; , no reason why the favored locality should be nearer to Sydney than to Albury or any other town; and no reason for rewarding men'for building now and withholding all recognition from those, who weris enterprising enough to build before any nndue. favors were offered. The. whole proposal should be scouted ; or if anything done, it should be in exactly the opposite way—that is, the passes should be to tbe poorest men, who have already built, at the longest distances from the metropolis. The news from the Fiji Islands by the Union Company's Btesmer Pukaki chiefly concerns commerce. ThiB is a wonderful season for the staple articles of Fij ian'export—bananas, copra, and sugar. The Pukaki brought away the largest cargo of fruit which has ever left F<ji, namely, upwards of 34,000 bunches of banauas in addition to Cocoanuts and pineapples^ Copra was plentiful, and the steamer has 100 tons on board.- The fruit shippers were delighted when the Pukaki arrived at the islands. They dreaded that the labor troubles here would prevent tbe departure of the steamers) and thus shut the F.ji products out of the Sy dney markets. Throughout the group heavy rains have fallen. At 3* 10in. fell during the first week of October, and still raining; This is described as " glorious weather for planting." The Pukaki brought a few passengers dowd from Suva. Amongst them is the Rev. Mr. Girdner, who is proceeding to Melbourne "to at end the General Assembly of tbe Presby terian Church'of Victoria. The Giondiwindi correspondent of the Brisbane Courier relates that a selector living s Bhort distance out of town was at tea with his Wife and children during the progress 61 a heavy thunderstorm. A flash of lightning entered the Toom through a partially open door, splintering the timber and splitting the leg off a piece of furniture standing within the toom/sind then made its exit through the roof. The youngest child had one hand 1 ! scorched considerably by the flasbi and the father was struck on the head by a large piec6 of the splintered timber, but was fortunately hot badly hurt. Other members of the family escaped without injury. At Yetman during a storm of wind and hail two boys were amusing themselves gathering hailstones under a large tree, which was blown oVer upon them. Strange to eay, as the tree fell the 'main fork dropped with one limb on each side of one of the boys, leaving him uninjured in the centre. His companion was not so fortunate, being struck heavily on the head, by one of the branches, and receiving a nasty wound, from which, however, he is recovering. It is apparently booming realised, (say? the ifowmistj,that the power placed in the hand? of the.labor party in sojm^'of oy!r ^ustifalBsian colonies by the payment of high wgge's, for.the construction of public works of dubto,us utility can only be,a fransjtory p9W?r, and that there muBt' be some boundary to. the . fool's paradise in w;hich so many .have,]J)een led .tp.tske up their abode by the readiness of cer tain colonial Miniatries to listen,.for '.political.; purposes, to those'who'eeeik work which will bripg them substantial wageiB, however, useless and, cpstly Such wo^k pay b^, and however much it mav involve the . cpjony in. debt. . It certainly seems evident tha^ the sooner the labor_ party, prepare to' reoognise the, (act that their position^ is an. artificial one,, and that colonial^ borrowing fpr the , mere purpose of paying 'high, wages for the performance of unneces-' sary work cannot go on for'fiver, tbe less painful will the realisation' be, and the less 'dangerous. It' is deeply to be regretted that those of our Australasian colonies which are indulging ip exceesiye borrowing have not yet been taught to rbfy more upon those excellent resources which they possess. . . The.Tww (Guudegtf) says that all needful arrangvimentB in connection with the starting of work in the asbestos: mine are complete.' Some men have been put; on at the claim,'.already, and it is intended to.throughly go into! tbe business of producing asbestos in its raw state,. .Even for tbe stone from .which it is: jtorn.there is a large demand, as itlis of great value, for building,purposes. . The use of asbestos is only in its infancy; but there is ai large and.increasing demand for it. In MeU bourne the almost prohibitivB:price of 10s. per foot w^s asked for : it; but a third of thet sum will pay well. The proprietary intends to utilise the fibre in connection with glassworks, and, as tbe supply of capital seems th^re, we may cpngratulate.the district upon having,this valuable deposit worked. Though goldrbearing, it Is not that the sydicate require^ as ^t is almost too fine too work. It sa ms strange that part of our mineral wealth is allowed to be idle, while thpre is almost a fever over a speck of gpid. There ie a fortune in the slat? qiiarne8. I'bere is aeplendid mirble quarry and not worked ; the eame with this asbestpp. These things are piore perpianept than gold arid just as easily got, but there does not seem . to be the interest taken in them which is always the case with gold. A .pubjic . trial of Cooper's noxious scrubkiller, a new pi tent specific lor the exermination of trees, roots, and scrub of all desciiptions, was made on the 7th inet. in a paddock in. BrownrStraet, Paddington, in the presence of, Mr. L. P. Thomas (a Ceylon coffee planter), Mr. Wilson (of Messrs ,M!Creadie, Wilson, and Ca^ Mr. Wi liam P<*tton, Mr. T* 15. Bern us, Mr. : David .Mopu, ,a' represeptative .'of the D>partm^nt qf AgrictrUvire, and.other gentle-: men.,yThe M sf.R; cbem.^ j ical fiuid, and this on being mixed with water is applied by a spray to whatever it is sought to have removed, with the result tbat the whole plant is reduced in a few days to a dead state. A large shrub of the Lantana specieswas .sprayed by Mr. Cooper, who claims that within a week or so the shrub will be absolutely dead. In the s<me paddock are proofs of the potency of tbn spec fic in the shape of masses of decayed and dying prickly peaj which were operated upon ,a fortnight ago. Prickly pear has given considerable trouble to fquatters in the. Scone district, but Mr. Cooper states that coptracta for its eradiation, held by. him, from Mr. j. Djyle aud Mr. Bake.weU, were mpst successfully carried out by means of the scrub killer. After tbe.operation the scrub was set fire to and burnt freely. According to an answer given by the Minister for Works to a question by Mr. Haynes, the proposal to c-stablieh large works for the manufacture of locomotives, &s.;, has Collapsed. Mr. Bruce Smith said a contract was entered into in England by the Government for the manufacture in Sydney of locomotives for the public railways. The contract was cancelled on the 10th October, in consequence of the delay in commencing the works and tbe company wishing to depart from some of the principal terras of the original agreement. Nothing.was known regarding a deposit. He might say that one of the principal devia-l tions from the original agreement was a desire on the part of the directors at home to bring out a very much larger quantity of original manufactured material than we had 'specified, which would have been doing awav to a great extent with the colonial industry of the undertaking. (Hear, hear.) To that we promptly objected, and the matter now was shelved for the present. There was another matter which was not carried out strictly according to agreement. One of the ablest engineers in England was to have taken up his residence in tbe colony, which would have been a proof of the bona-fides of the undertaking; but he intended to substitute his spn. For that reason also we allowed the matter to drop, The following story is told as to how three girls found husbands in the backblocks. An ambitious young farmer, who lives out in one; of the isolated districts with a colony of his| own sex, wrote to a friend in England to select a suitable girl and send her out to him. The friend had no difficulty in finding a health J? and good-looking maiden of sufficiently adventurous Bpirit, and in due time the young lady arrived.. The farmer was so pleased with her appearance and general demeanour that he invited several friends to meet her the night ie fore the wedding. They also were struck with admiration ; and finally, after a lot of bargain ing, the would-be bridegroom was induced, lor abonue.pf.jglO, in addition to the money paid for her expenses, to. yield up his rights to thed&msel; ; and thefollowing.mocning another man led her : to. the altar... -The young farmer at once wrote to his friend .to send out another, girl,.and in a few weeks a second, one-arrived. The farmer's friends, ^owever, were on the alert, and this time he .-was induced' to part wi'h.his bride for a bonus of £15 in addition to his outlay. . A third time he wrote to bis friepd, and a third lime a young maiden willing.to ba. his. wife arrived ; but this time, when his .companions attempted, to bargain with him, .he declared that he had not established a ma rimonial agency, .And. that none should wed her.but.himself^ and, in order to avoid temptation. he hurried away to the minister, arid was duly married the .some evening. With reference to the cpmplaints which have been made of late to the -effect, that there is a short Bupply of trucks on. the railways, it wa? stated some days ago that the Department wax' severely handicapped in dealing with the traffic on account of pressure of work coining all at , once after the termination of the 8trikc>. For Instance, the demands tor the carriage of wool and stock have largely increased, and the ; output of coal; especially at LitJSj/ow, during jthe past nine days, has Rnmun'.el to 1741' :trucks as compared with 940 trucks tor the same ^period- last year. I'i addition to the ,truck d'fficulty the Department doss not 'possess sufficient engine power. The fact wajrepresented to .the authorities five years ago, : when.urgent representations were made as tb the nec^psity for additional locomotive power. Ae is well known, certain contracts for the jBupplyof, engines hav« fallen through. . S ime .timeAgo, however,.theBiilway Commiflsionere, jforeseeiog the difficulties which bave nmeD, ordered what they .believed to be a sufficient number of. locomotives-tot meet requirements. Orders .'for engines in the hands of English makers are in a .forward state ; in facv.eome of the first batch are on the way to this colony at preeent, and instructions have been cabled home to push forward with all possible speed the. construction of all the engines ordered. It.is understood lb it the total number now in the hands of the various engineers exceeds 130 . At a large and representative meeting held last week at Hillston the folio wing resolutions were unanimously -adopted :—First resolution \--"That this meeting does not .appro v; of the Rabbit Bill introduced by the Government i" its present form ; that on account of the enormous magnitude of (he rabbit pest, assistance is required from. the Government to ali classesof tenant", that is, selectors, homestead lessees, and-pastpraliots." Second resolution, propos d by Mr. Varcoe, seconded by Mr, Haines—"That the Government supply wire netting at'tbe nearest Tail way station at a nominal rate of carriage, and such wirc-riettiny shall be paid for by instalnmnts at the ratv oi j£8 per cent, per annum dorinu pVjiod up.tii jthe.Khola of-the putchasemorieyj together-with interest at the rate of £4 ppr cent, per annum thereon, shall have been paid, any wire-netting bo eupplied to be a first charge against the land." Third resolution—"That the duty on wire-netting be abolished.". Fourth resolution —" That all lessess in country in the rabbitinfested districts in the Central division .should have extension of,lease on the.same basis of tenure as the Western division to offer them every inducement.tp clear.their.country^f tha pest." Fifth resolution—"That in the opinion of this meeting the Babbit Bill should be administered by local boards, elected by all stockholders and farmers in the district." Sixth resolution—" That the Government introduce a short measure making it compulsory to kill rabbits at tbe present time, say from December 31st next." Seventh resolution— " That tbe members for the district be sent a copy of the resolutions, and.asked to insist on the same being carried out." The report of the select committee on the Medical Bill, appointed on August 7th last, was brought up by Mr. Creed in the Legislative Council last week. The -committee endorsee the recommendation of the select committee appointed on the 10th March, 1887, to inquire into the state and operation of the laws lor the regulation of the practioe of medicine and surgery in New South Wales, excepting euch as relate to the election of a portion of the Medical Council. . The committee regretted to find, from tbe evidence of the witnesses who had been examined, tbat the evils shown to exist nt the time of the previous inquiry aie in no way abated ; also, that much fraud and deception are practieed upon the public by means of advertisements, , many of which are published under fictitious names, and that it is necessary to make provisions which will render such deception difficult, if not impossible, ia the future. The committee, having it. in evidence that many unscrupulous persons are in the habit of advertising, as aforesaid, that they will cure diseases of almost, every nature,;tookz.the necessary steps to obtaiu the attendance of several of these persons to give evidence-before them, but jn every case* the peraon summoned left the colony, presumably in order to avoid appearing. . This, fact, the committee submitted, was stronger proof of their --consciousness of fraudulent practices than could have been obtained by any viva voce evidence. ,.-The committee had given the bill Ipng andUmost earneBt consideration, and in view of the many important interests involved,, and of the serious danger tp. which the public is at present exposed, had deemed it necessary to : make many material amendments, especially in regard to the constitution of the council, and the examination and registration of practitioners. The London Athenaum says :—" An article which appeared in the Time** with .reference to the recent sale of Captain Cpok'-sjouraal on the Eadeavor contains some amusing tpisstatements.. It canpot be too widely, known that the Government is n,ot in. the habit.of- purchasing documents which hod ..been out of official custody, and so are inadmissible in. the courts of law ; and it is equally important to point put, for the benefit of future purchasers of naval relics, that a semiofficial journal is in no Bense tbe logbook proper of the ship itself. We believe that the journal in question was examined previously to the sale on behalf of the Treasury and the New South Wales Government by experts, wbo formed a decided opinion as to its. true character, and therefore it is manifestly unjust, not to say disingenous, to reproach the authorities for wilfully 1 neglecting a rare opportunity of adding to the existing series of logs. It will be of interest if we state that there are in official custody no fewer than 24 lo^s or -j mrnals of the Endeavor for the years 1768-7.0, kept by some nine or 10 different officers. The greater pari; of theee. were discovered in the year 18£9 among the Admiralty Records at D*ptford, .whence th*y wete transferred to the Public Record Offij', and there arranged for inspection by the public bb aninounced in the Athenwum. Nui.e of these is un original orBhipViop, which indeed was 'rarely preserved at that date, but they include cfficiil copiee, admissible' as I«*g4 evidence. The j )urnal which is the! su j-ct of the Timet article could not, however, possibly be classi- ;vvitb or admitted i'.ito this eerirn. Besides the shif'V log and lieutenants' journals, the captain'd j jurnal was kept on board ship, and, like the former, transmitted to the Admiralty. These journals are still preserved at Deptford for. the.per/od, though tbey certainly are not fbound ,in dark blue, morocco,'.: Captain Cook's journal of the Eideavout is hot, howfever, a tuong them ; but it ie believed to have been removed for better 'preservation to the Admiraltv." -, 