SOCIALISM AND CHRISTIANITY. Tho sixth lecture on socialism in tho light of right conduct and religion wui delivered by the Rev. Professor Gosman in Augustine Church on tho uvcuing of last Sunday week. lite special themo discussed waa Socialism and Christianity. Tho following is tho sub stance of the lecturo : — In my previous lectures, ho said, I have endeavored to point out tho relation of modern socialism to infidelity ; to anarchy, as activo revolution ; to cominunism and to legislation ; and to indicate to what extent tho aims of socialism wero modified by these movements. This cvouing I propose to inquire how far Christianity is in harmony with the aspirations of socialists, and where Christianity aud socialism part company. When wc remember that wo are sur rounded by an atmosphere made warm and bright by Christianity, it would scciu to be a very useless nnd superfluous question to ask, " What is Christianity ?" And yet I am compelled to admit that tho amount of popular ignorance on this subject is far in excess of any charitable explanation. -Christianity and theology are not identical, as many sup pose ; and ulthough wc cannot get to know what Christianity is without the Bible, they can be discriminated by brood lines of de marcation, which to ignore would bo sure to lead ono into confusion and error. Again, Christianity is more than morality. It is not unfrcquently said that the essence of religion consults in doing to others as wc would that others should do to us. But that rule has almost exclusive reference to conduct, and as n rule of life it has nothing directly to do with religion ; but Christianity is a religion as we'll as a system of morals, and no explanation of Christianity is adequate that does not indi cate its spiritual or God-side as well as that which touches human nature and gives rules for human conduct. Tno answer to the question, " What is Christianity?" should be one that would give definite and accurate information to anyone whose education had not brought him in very close contact with it, Wero I challenged to supply such in formation,! would reply as follows:— "Jn tho first place, Christianity is a religion, a form of worship, and the object of its adoration is tho ouly living and truo God, under tho thrcc-fold personality of Father, Sou and Holy Ghost." I am quite awaro that such a duscriptiou may bo con troverted by Unitarians ; but notwithstand ing their demur, they themselves must allow that tlio main stream of Christian thought, from tliu earliest ages until now, lias flowed between these welf defined banks. It is not tbo truth of trinitarianism that is here raised and discussed, but simply tho fact of its his toricity as one of tho most prominent characteristics of Christian 'doctrine. Tho formula of baptism is as old as Christianity itself, and tho doxology had become part of tlio worship of tlio church as caily as tho second century. Christianity is tho worship oi God, who is a spirit, iti spirit anil in truth ; but it has also this peculiar anil distinctive mark , tliat it is tho worship of tho Father, und tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost, not as three Gods, hut ns Cod in a mysterious trinity, and no less mysterious union. Liko Judaism and Mohammedanism, tho religion of Jesus Christ rests u;ran tho doctriuo of tho Divino unity ; but tlio doc trine of tho Divine unity as taught by Christianity has a three-fold distinction of persons in it, which, witii ono exception, lias boon received as an article of faith by all sections of tho Church of Christ through all the stages of her history. But, iu tho second, Christianity is more than a system of worship, it is preeminently a remedial scheme— a way of salvation. It assumes tiiat tha raco of mankind is not in its normal or natural condition. That it has, by the freo exercise of its own clectivo powers, fallen into sin, and involved itself in nil tho sad consequences of transgression. Looking upon man generally as Ainncd, anil all but lost, it comes forward with a scheme of restoration, of forgiveness, and pcaco. As a system of worship, it inculcates tho worship of tho Son iu the samo way, and to tho samo ox tent as wo worship tho Father ; hut as a plan of salvation, Christ is tho Latnb of God which taketh away ibo sins of tho world. To overlook thts aspect of Christianity is to raiu not only its most valuable characteristic, hut ita dis tinctive mark. Fully to duscriho a medicine, it is not enough togivo the result of a chemical analysis ; itshcaiingpropertics in relation to uotno particular disease should also bo indicated. So it is with Christianity. Any analysis of its doctrinal contents, or summary of its moral precepts, that keep out of sight its relation to sin and forgiveness, cannot bo accoptcd as full nud satisfactory. Sin is uc&ln;, but Christ, who is Christianity,' camo into tho world to destroy this death, that wo might havo lite ; for the very cssouco of the scheme of humau redemption is the proclamation of pardon to nil who arc willing to fulfil tho conditions on which forgiveness is freely bestowed. Now, tbin lends us to remark in the third place that another distinguishing feature of Christianity is its demand for repcntanco and faith in tho Lord Jesus Christ from everyonu who nspiics to a more than for mal connection with that spiritual community known ns the kingdom of Heaven, which tho advent of Christianity brought into existence. But howovcr im portant theso thiugs aro, thoy aro not the wholo nf Christianity ; but rightly to com prehend theso in themselves and in their relations, is to occupy a most favorable position for becoming better acquainted with that system of worship, of doctrine and of duty, under tho designation of Christianity. Tho key-note of Christian worship is tho doxology " Glory ho to the Father, and to tho Son, and to the Holy Ghost ; as it was in tho beginning, is now, nnd ever shall be, world without end,Amen." Tho foundation stone of Christian doc- trino is tho incarnation of tho Divine Son, and the divine sacrifice of Himself for tho sins of tho world. Ho is the sou of God, and the son of man, as also the Saviour of humanity. The keystone of tho arch of Christian duty is fuith and trust in this divine Saviour, who becomes to all who rccuivo Him the strongest governing and propelling force in the new life of do- votion to God, and tho good of mankind, which is tho province of Christ's gospel to Inspire. If this is Christianity, what is tho rela tion of modern socialism to it ? Their lines run parallel for a certain way, but afterwards they seem to diverge. And tho separation becomes more and more apparent tlie further we travel from the point of divergence. I shall, therefore, first of all show how far modern socialism and Christianity run together, and then where and to what extent thoy diverge. Christianity aud socialism are one in re cognising with moro or less distinctness the universal brotherhood of man. The founder of Christianity is tho Son of Man. He is also tbo Lamb of God, which takoth away the sins of tho world. The strength of socialism lies in tho fact that it has the wel fare of tho people as a whole directly before it, and is opposed to all class dis tinctions and privileges. To represent socialism as some wild scheme for taking by force tho accumulated wealth of tho nation, and making an equal distri bution of it amongst all, is not only grossly to misrepresent it, but to raise an unnecessary prejudice against a move ment whose aims are right, although its methods may not be always wise. This sentiment, tho brotherhood of man finds its tersest expression in tho word "fraternity," and tho word "equality," with whtoh it is so frequently associated, is its natural outcome and complement. This latter word does not carry with it tho notion of perfect evenness and level on tho part of monkind generally, but simply an equality in the eyes of tho law, and the Impartial ad ministration of justice on tho basis of uni versal brotherhood. Christianity and socialism run together also in so far as thoy both seek common ends. Their aims are benevolent. They are both moved with compassion in tho presence of human suffering and wrong. There is a conviction at tho heart of both that man was not made to mourn, and that if he does, it is not becauso it is the inevitable condition of things, or, to put it in religions phraseology, tho will of Our Fathei in Heaven ; but from causes which are prevcntlblo, and ought, therefore, to be removed. Socialism, if it does not avowedly profess to make men happy, aims at least at these two things: —First, tbo removal of all those .In equalities and injustices that cans so much of tho privation and misery we see around us at tbo present day, and whioh it, in common with Christianity, so deeply de plores ; and secondly, to bring within reach of all the means or subsistence, and of rational recreation and en- joyment. Were theso proposals ac- complishcd, it does not necessarily follow that sunshine would come to the heart, and perfect peace reign in evcry sphere of our nature ; but it would remove tho guilt from society of making their acquisition and pos session all but impossible. And Christianity has a message for the body as well as for the soul. Tho religion of Jesus Christ aims at more than saving one from tho terrors of the world to come. It aims at his highest welfare, which cannot be reached unless the wholo man is touched and healed. Supreme happiness Is the con comitant of perfect health, and tho harmo- nious adjustment of every part of our com- plex nature. Tho salvation of Christianity includes bodly soundness as well as spiritual insight and peace, and none is saved, in the full sense of that word, whose relations with himself, nnd tho world without, are not con- sistcnt ; however much delight he may ap- pear to take in psalm singing and religious services. Christianity and socialism are nlso alike In this, that they aro both hopeful as to the future. Their creed is not the creed of despair. The darkness that hangs over us is made up of clouds, behind which the sun shines ; it is not tho outer skirts of an endless night. Tho burdened heart is olwnys prophetic ; and nowhere docs the stor of hope shine so brightly as on tho dark background of human sorrow. No movement for tho amelioration of man- kind would snrvivc for any leneth of time wero it not for the inspiration of hope ; ami socialism in its best estate is sustained and encouraged in its aggressive efforts by tho conviction that, in spite of tee gloomy outlook of tho present, there is a good timo coming for tho world and for man. And is not Christianity the religion of hope? Its future world is filled with brightness, and every tongue is musical with praise. But having made these admissions, wo come to tho point where Christianity and socialism part company. I shall now, there- fore, indicate how far they differ, both in their estimate of the evils which afflict man kind, and their methods of removing them. Socialism, whose range of vision is con fined to what is seen and temporal, finds the cause of human misery and wrong in man's surroundings — in unjust and oppressive laws, in social tyrannies and injustices, in commercial frauds and domes- tic infelicities, amd generally in man's in humanity to man. Christianity does not deny that those are bitter drops in the cup of life. But in answer to tlie auci tion, From what plant are these drops squeezed ? it replies, going to the very root of the matter, that it is sin,or rebel- lion against Ood, which Is the source of all our misery and unhappiness. \We are out of joint with our spiritual environment, and thcre must be a readjustment before there can be harmonious action. Tho soul was made for God, and never in tho nature of things can it be happy until it find Him. Wherever there is tins alienation of heart to tho supreme good, there is the secret of human misory and wrong doing. Tho higher derangement disturbes tin balance of all our lower energies, and until socialism fully comprehends tho fact of man's personal relation to God m that of a sinner against His laws, and a rebel against His Government, its diagnosis of tho cause of human suffering will bo superficial and inadequate, and iu methods of cure will necessarily partake of tho same character. In this respect Chris- tianity is tho much moro skilful physician, for it lays its finger on tho sore and source of tho disease in tho stato of tho human heart towards God ; its culpable ignorance of His character and law, aud its choice and love of wrong doing. Sin is a choice— a bad choice— for man cannot be made to sin by any force outside himself ; ho determines himself on tho direction nf sin, and in cherish ing the disposition to do so. In spite of tho light of reason and the admonitions and warnings of con science, ho voluntarily tramples upon tha higher law of his being, and becomes the slave of his own impulses and passions. Nothing in tho universe can make him happy until this rebellion is put down, order restored, and tho supreme governing power enthroned. This divergence, as to tho source owof human ills, becomes more apparent when come to examine tho respective methods of socialism and Christianity for their removal Anarchic socialism, where it comes short of rccomuicuding a policy of violence and active revolution, would abolish all civil law and government, and every custom or institution that does not allow tho individual to work out his own re demption unchecked and unrestrained by any controlling force, save that which his own reason and conscience supply. Com munism advocates co-operation and identity of interest over tho wholo field of our in dustrial activity. Socialistic democrats pin their faith to Acts of Parliament, and would adjust human inequalities by the weapon of legislation. But none of these goes deep enough, and none of them can be accepted as a satis- factory solution of tho social problem. Thu aim of Christianity is to estab li&h; God's kingdom upon tlie earth, ttiat is to say, to bring the whole world under divino law and Government, to establish the reign of justico, mercy and peace. Bui in order to this, Christianity lays dows this condition, that before any om can enter thin kingdom he must surrender himself without reserve- to the new order of tilings. As the Bible puts it, he must bo converted and bccomo as docilt and confiding as a littlo child, before tlia healing stream of a new lifo brings freshness and truthfulness to tho field of his activities which before hod been bare and barren. Nor docs Christianity Icavo us alono to effect this great change to which it summons us. It supplies us with tiio loftiest and the ourcst iiiotivcs. It promises forgiveness for past sins on condition of trno repentance. It docs not by its liberal offers of mercy weaken tho foundations of justico, for God'f modo of pnnishing sin and saving tho sin ner leaves no excuse for under -estimatin( tho enormity of sinning against Him. Christianity surrounds us witii companion, ship congenial to our now feelings, and helpful to us in striving after tbl perfection of onr nature, and tho pre senco and sympathy of tho Savionr him self, as possessed and guaranteed to ; all who confido in Him and overcome the ' world hy their faith. When trouble comes, Christianity supplies us with strength to bear it ; and when wo are persecuted nud shamefully used, it oxhorts, not to retali ate, but to pray for them who abuse tur, tlud they may cease from evil and learn to do well. Aud when tlio dark shadows of death gather round us, and tho nolso of life'l machinery falls upon our ear like a distant murmur, the darkoess is less heavy and confusing by the presenco of Him wbe conquered death aud brought life and immortality to light fay his Gospel Enlightened socialism Is not' absolutely ignorant of these things. Liko the young man in tho story of tho evangelist, it is ue far from tho Kingdom of Heaven ; but whet it is converted, for movements, as well ffi ficrsons, can pass from darkoess to . ight, then tho dav of tho world's rodemptififl shall havo dawncu. 