An Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLAItK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XT?.—continued. WFFJS GOES FORWARD. \- HE tamed on his heel, shaking with laughter, and walked up to Finn, to whom I heard him' tell the whole story, though repeatedly interrupting himself with a jerky, noisy shout of merriment. - He ^ ttie skipper wliat work he could put Muffin to, and Finn rumbled but a long answer,- but they stood at too great a distance to enable meto catch all that was said. Presently Finn put his head into the companion hatchway and called. After a little \Muffin emerged. Wilfrid recoiled when he saw thdlnan, turned his lack iipon him, and stepped hastily right •aft past the wheel. I whispered to Miss Jennings, "Did you mark that? Each will go in terror of. the other now, ! suppose; Wilfrid beAuse he thinks Muffin mad,and Mnffin because he thinks that Wilfrid, should he get to hear the truth, will shoot Mm."" _ " ThiB way, my lad," cried Finn in a Cape Horn voice, and a half smile that twisted the hole in the middle of his long visage till it looked like lie mouth of a aaice. Thw both went forward and disappeared. The Bailors who were at work about the deck stared .hard at Muffin as be passed them, shrewedly guessing that something unusual hadhappened, and o . t alittle astonished: to observe the captain^conducting him between decks to the anners' parlour. Soon tie skipper ame^np, and called to alarge, burly, eavily-whiskered man, who, as I had athered, was a sort of acting boatswain, hough I believe he tad' not signed in hat capacity, but had Sj^^amwintedJii- t h tiiu w^ oversee tfag 1 l^mg tha" • ost experienced sailor on board. The kipper talked with him, ari&the; heavily- c v whiskered man nodded vehemently with a broad smile that compressed his face „ - : eyes seemed to founder altogether. Then Finn came aft, and Wilfrid and he fell to pacing the deck. J • Miss Jennings read; I smoked occa- S t ® 6 ' leave her o k Ijy asking a question, or uttering [some commonplace remark. Xwas lyin£ jback in my easy, lounging deck~chair° I with my eyes fileepily/foUowing the lanfV? 1 ''^Sf 6^®^ the Imaintopmasfc-head, ^ S ^ f f S bl Vflo^ in ite soft^ Albright tint to>e «dges of the sails whose brilliant whiteness 1 ^0me< l to overflow the bolt ropes and |.fcame them with a nijrrow band ofpearl- I coloured film, when Miss Jennings syd- I denly exclaimed, "Qh, Mr. Monson, do I look IV * • " I started, and following the-direction of her gaze, spied Muffiu^tending inf'sta near the [fialley Tigged bnt^is a|feaiIor. There may lihayebeen adop-cheston board—I cannot' perhaps Finnlhad borrowed the OTbesCoriiefellow from one of the sea- 1 ®^) anyway therestood Muffin divested <»fhisgentefel frock c&t;, his gentlemanly ravat and black cloth, unmentionables, equipped in a sailors jacket ofthat i i y s s t t & ' s s shaped extremities entirely cbnbcaled his «?uty ankles/:His head was protected ojr.a nautical straws hat, somewhat battered, with onelongnbbon floating down iS. bade, under tiie jbrim of which his foceahowed /With the primfose tancfciiraof^ho Xffiinanian, whOst his dead our way, 'tiie laister-l|ke streak; offhair that lay along is brow as though of the Jacks had! cored a line there wi3i :a brush steeped ntiquidpitci. f " Heavens, 7 what ak actor the fellow ould make!" said I, the laugh that eemed to Iwye risenjto my throat lying hecked there by wonfer and even admiation of the astonisling figure the- man ut in his new attire. fiPhe burly, heavilya l w y u T p f J a s a whiskered salt roUedj up to him. What Muffin said I could not hear, but there was the air of a respectful bow in the pasture of his odd fonn, and my ear easily imagined the oHjr tone of his replies to the huge sailor. Tiey crossed, to the other side of the deck iut of sight. . Shortly afterwards £ left my spat to join Wilfrid, and-thm the first object that I beheld on ..tie port side of tie vessel was Muffin washing the side of the ^^ejk. with a bucket of water at his-feet and5the heavily-whiskered mail looking on, - Well, thought I, rounding on my heel with a laugh, 'twill make home the sweeter to him when he gets there, and, meanwhile, Wilfrid will be free from all further phosphoric visitations. CHAPTER XV. Z BOARD A WRECK. THE time slipped by. life is monotonous at sea, and, though the days seemed to have speeded quickly past when one looks back, they appear to be crawling along on all-fours when one looks ahead. We sighted nothing that earned the least resemblance to the vessel we were in chase of. Within a week we spoke two ships, both Englishmen, one a fine tall black clipper craft from Sydney, New South Wales, full of Colonials bound to the Old Country for a cruise amongst the sights there; the other, a little north-country brig, laden down to her chain plates, in charge of the very tallest man I ever saw in my life—this side, I mean, of the giants who go on show—with a roaring c voice that smote the ear like the blast of l a discharged piece j but neither vessel a gave us any news of the Shark, no craft of the kind had b'ceih sighted di be&d; of w by either of them. b It was as I expected. For my part,' the adventure remained a most ridiculous undertaking, and never more so than when I thought of the speck a ship made m the vast blue eye of the wide ocean. We fell in with some handsome breezes for travelling, several of which drove us through it in thunder, with a hill of foam on either quarter and an acre of creaming white spreading under the chaste golden beauty the yacht carried on her stemnead. The wind flashed blue into the violet hollows of the canvas, the curves of whose round breasts shone out past the shadowings to the sun, and rang splitting upon the iron taut rigging of the driven craft with joyous hunting-notes' in its echoings as though the chase were in view -and there were spirits in. the air hallaoing us into a madder speeding. Wilfrid and Finn and I hung over the chart, calculating with sober faces, finding our position to be therfe, and then there, and then there, till we worked out an average speed from the hour of our departure that caused the skipper to swear, if the Shark was not already astern of us, she could not be veiy far ahead, unless a great luck of wind had "befallen her; a conjecture scarce fair to put down as a basis toiuild our figures upon, since it was a hundred to one. that her fortune in the shape of breezes had been ours. For, be it remembered, we were in a well-scoured ocean ; the winds even north of tie " nuns" and " horse latitudes " were in a sense to be reckoned on, with the trades beyond a$ steady in their way as the indication of a jammed dog vane, and the " doldrums " to follow—the equinoctial belt of catspaws and molten calms, where one sailor's chance was another's the wide world round. . But reasoned Finn, and I was not there o say him nay; yet it was difficult to hear im without a sort of mental shrug of the boulders, tbanghit w&sa; talk WmVif " own the xaVen plume of Wiitnd's ine holy "tillitsmiled." My cousin managed ery well" without his valet, protested indeed that he felt easier in his spirits since the fellow had gone forward, as though all unconsciously to himself he had long been depressed by the funeral face of the man. "Besides/' said he, in his simple knowing way, with a quivering of the lids that put an expression of almost idiot cunning into the short, pathetic peering of his large, protruding eyes, "he was with me when iny wife left my home; he it was who came to tell me that' Lady Monson was not to be found; it was he, too,, who put Hope-Kennedy's letter into my hand though it was 1 picked up by one of- the housemaids. These were thoughts that would float like a cloud of hellish smoke in my brain when he was hanging about me, and so Tm glad to have him out of iny sight; yes, I'm the better for his absence. And then," he added, lowering his voice, "his behaviour proves that he is not sound in his mind." That Muffin was as well content with the arrangement as his master I cannot say. They kept iim at. work forward upon small mean jobs, and he seldom came aft unless it was to lend a hand in pulling uj>on a rope. Yet after a little 1 would eee him in a dog-watch on the forecastle with a huddle of seamen on the broad grin found iim. One special evening I remember when' the watch had run outipto the dusk, and it might have been within half-an-hour«f eight bells, 1 arrived on deck from the dinner table and heard, s I supposed, a woman singing forward, ie voice was a very good clear soprano, ith a quality in it that might have made ou imagine a middle-aged lady was tuning p. The song was "The Vale of Avoca." he concertina accompaniment was fairly layed. ? I listened with astonishment, or some time wondering whether Miss ennings' maid had got among tie men, nd than called to Crimp— "Who's that singing?" said I. Himtiey've nick-named'tie mute," aid he. "What, Muffin?" "Ayl sounds as if he'd swallowed his ster arid sKe was calling out to be re- There happened inside this particular c t t h w b f I p i g p f i M week with which I am dealing an incident much too curious not to deserve a place here; .All day long it had been blowing a fresh breeze from north-east, but as the sun sank the wind went with him and about an hour before sunset there was a mild air. breathing with scarce weight enough 4n it to blow the scent off a milkmaid, as sailors say, .though it was giving the yacht way as you saw by the creep of the wrinkles at her stem working outfroin the shadow of the yacEt'« fbrumn the water into lines that resembled >urnished copper wire in the red wesUrn light. Miss Laura and Wilfrid were or deck, and I was leaning over the rail witi a pipe in my mouth, all sorts of easy, dreamy fancies slipping into me out of the dropsy passage of the water alongside witi its wreath of foam bells eddying or some little cloudy seething of white striking fron our wet and flashing side into a . surface which hung so glass- like with the crimson tinge in the atmosphere sifting down into it that you fancied you could see a hundred fathoms deep. Presently running my eyes ahead I caught sight of some minute object three or four points away on the weather bow, which every now and again would sparkle like the leap of a flame from the barrel of a musket. I stepped to the companion, picked up the telescope and made the thing out to be a bottle, the glass of which gave back the sunlight in fitful winkings to the twists and turns of it upon the ripples. "What are you looking at?" cried Wilfrid. A bottle," I answered. "Ho!" he laughed, "what you sailors all a dead marine, ha? What sort of iquor will it have contained, 1 wonder, nd how long has it been overboard ? " The glass I held was Captain Finn's; it as a Veiy powerful instrtim⁢, land thfe ottle came so close to me in the lenses that it was like examining It at arm's length. "It is corked," said I. " c an we not pick it up?" exclaimed Miss Jennings. ^ " Oh, but an empty bottle,,my dear exclaimed Wilfrid, with a shrug, r I examined itagaln. "I telfyoajwha; Wilfrid; that it is corked sliouli" there is something in it. Who' himself to plug' an empty bottletwhen it i » flung overboard unless it is interned as a messenger f He Was instantly excited.' "Why. oy all means then ,"he broke oflj looking round. The mate had charge; he was sulkily pacing the deck to leeward with a lift of his askew eye aloft and then a staije over the rail, all as regular as the recurrence of rhymes in poetiy. "Mr, Crimp?-' called Wilfrid. The man came over to us. "Doyou see that bottle?" > Crimp shaded his eyes and took a steady, view of the water towards which my cousin pointed, and then said, "Is that there" thing flashing a bottle 1" " Yes, man; yes." " Well, I see it right enough." "Get it picked up, Mr. Crimp," said- Wilfrid. • : The mate walked aft. "Down helium," he exclaimed to the fellow who was steering. The wheel was put over dhd the bottle was brought almost directly in a lme with the yacht. The topgallantsail lifted," but what air blew was abaft the beam, and the distance was too short to, render necessary the handling of the braces and sheets. Crimp went a little ; way forward and hailed the forecastle,' and presently a man stood ready at thel gangway with a canvasbucket slung atthe-; end of a line. A very small matter will? create a great deal of interest at -sea-.- Had the approaching bottle been a mermaid the group of sailors could not hsEvfe observed it s with livelier attention nor awaited its arrival with brisker expectaM tions. Presently splosh,! the bottle was; cleverly caught, hauled up, dried, an? brought aft. / It's not been in the water long," Mid. I; "the wooden plug in the mouthiooSl fresh." - Mr. Crimp, sing o\it for a corksci cried Wilfrid. " ... 'No good in that/' cried I; "^bfea the tiling that will be the. speediest i r u l ^ W ^ - ! but I held the glass the bottle was thick to the and sunis nSpSfcg ^l d black and fejti vealed nothing. I then knocked . against the rail, the neck fell and enm^ a letter folded as you double a piece *it paper to light your pipe with. I w it out and opened it ; Miss Laura yefenpd over one shoulder, Wilfrid over the otber his respirations swift, almost fierce, ft was just the thing to put some wild ^ notions about the Shark into .his head. From the forecastle thesailors werestaring h with all their eyes. The paper was quito,. dry ; I opened it carefully with an emotion o Of awe, for trifling as the incident ^vas c apparently, yet to my fancy there was.the a , it -too.—^Enaeparyou rnought of it as having something of the wonder of a voice r l speaking from the blue air when your'eye sought the liquid expanse out,of whose vast .heart the tiny missive had been' drawn. It was a rude hurried scrawl in lead pencil, and ran thus:— ' Brig Colossus. George Meadoics, thpr tain. Waterloggedfive days—all hands but two are dead; fast breaking up- No fresh water. Haw pork one cask. WJio finds this for God's sake report." The word September was added,- but the writer had omitted the date, probably could not remember it after spelling the name of the month. I gave Crimp the note that he might take it forward and read it to the men, telling to let me have it again. " They will all have perished by this tune, no doubt," said Wilfrid in his most raven-like note. " Think of them with raw pork only! The meat crystallised with salt, tie hot nan over their heads, not a thimbleful of fresh water, the vessel going to pieces plank by plank, the horrible anguish of thirst made maddening by the mockery of thte cold fountain-like sounds of that brine there sowing in the hold or washing alongside with a champagne-like seething. Oh! "groaned I, '' who is that home-keepmg bard who speaks of the ocean as the mother of all? The mother? A tigress! Why, if old Davy Jones be the devil, Jack is right in finding an abode for him down on the ooze there. Markiow the affectionate mother of all torments its victims with a hellish refinement of ruelty before strangling them ! how if he land be near enough—she will fling hem ashore, mutilated, eydess, eaten, in orrid triumph and enjoyment of her ork, that we shuddering radishes may ehold and understand her power." * " Cease for God's sake!" roared Wilrid. " You're talking a nightmare, man. sn't the plain fact enough?" he cried, icking up the broken bottle and flinging t in a kind of rage overboard, " why arnish ?" • " I want to see the ocean properly interreted,'? I cried. " Your poetical personiications are claptrap. Great mother, ndeed! Great grandmother, Wilfrid. other of whales and sharks, but when it M i - _ b a n t e t comes to man—" "Oh, but this is impiety, Mr. Monson," cried Miss Laura, " it is really, dangerous to talk so. One may think—but here we are upon the sea, you know, and that person you spoke of just now (pointing down) might with his great ears—" "Now, Laura, my dear," broke in Wilfrid, "can't Ave pick-up a wretched bottle and read the melancholy message it contains without falling ill of fancy ! " He went to the skylight—"Steward, some seltzer and brandy here. Your talk of that salt pork," he continued, coming back to us, "makes my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth. I would give much for a little ice, d'ye know. Heigho ! big as this ocean is, I vow by the saints there's not room enough in it for the misery there is in the world," with which he set off pacing the deck, though he cahned down presently over a foaming glass; but he showed so great a dislike to any reference to the bottle and its missive that, to humour him, Miss Jennings and I forbore all allusion to the incident. It was next forenoon, somewhere about the hour of eleven o'clock, that the lookout man on the topgallantyard—whom I had noticed playing for some time the polished tubes, which glanced like fire in his lifted hands as he steadied the glass against the mast—suddenly bawled down with a voice of excitement, " Sail ho ! " Wilfrid, who was lounging on tbe skylight, jumped off it; I pricked up my ears; Miss Laura hollowed her gloved hands to take a view of the man aloft. " Where away ?" cried Finn. . "Right ahead, sir." " Wliat do you make her out to be ? " The seaman levelled the telescope a^ain then swinging off from the yard by his grip of the tie, he sung out, "Sha looks to be a wreck, sir. canVas set." I don't wakfe out any t d o w "Shell be showing afore long, your honour," said Finn, and he cast his eye Upon the water to judge of our speed. All night long it had blown a weak iwind; and . the draught was still a mere >a lining, with a hot sun, that made the ^shelter of the awning - a necessary con- ^litiqn of i^ '^a- ^eck by day -f/ a clear, v.ifcfc » Mat in the velMr tinge of _ • ^Hrn^pon tie se& oflfe copper sandsof -Africa, roasting noons and shivering midnights, fever and cockroaches, and stifling cabins. So that, merely wrinkling through -it . as * we were, it was not until we had eaten our lunch, bringing the hour to about a quarter before two o'clock, that the vessel sighted from aloft in the morning had risen above the rim of the ocean within reach of a glass -directed at ier over the quarterdeck rail. "It will be strange," said I, putting down the telescope after a long stare at her, "if yonder craft don't prove the Colossus. Look at her, Wilfrid. A completer wreck never was." He seized the glass. "By George, then," he cried, " if that's so the two men that paper spoke of may be still alive. hope_so; I hope so. We owe heaven a life, and it is a glorious thing to succour the perishing." His hand shook with excitementas he directed the glass at the vessel . Points of her stole out as we approached. She had apparently been a brig. Both masts were gone flush with the deck, bowsprit too,.channels torn from their strong fastenings, and whole lengths of bulwark smashed level. I supposed her cargo to have be<ai timber, but her decks showed bars, whence 1 gathered that she was floatiiv ^n some other sort of light cargo —oil, cork'; no telling what indeed, i She swayed wearily upon.the long ocean heave with a stdky, sickly dip from side to side, «yij|gugh she rocked herself in her pain. <«3wrewas a yanfc or spar, in the water alongade of her, "the rigging of which had hitched itself in feme way about the rail, so that tp every lurch on one side the wm rose half its length, with a flash of the sun off the wet end of it, and this went on regularly, till after watching it a •bit I turned my eyes away with a shudder, feeling in a sepse of creeping that possessed f^ me for atl an instant, u the sort of eraziness that would come into a dvinsr br a £ aboatd the craft to ^ horriblf addering monotony of the rise and fall of ii;^ gp^r. ''Such a picture as that," whispered Miss Jennings softly in my ear, " realises your idea of the ocean as a tigress. But hat claws could have torn her so ? And that soft caressing of the water—is it not the velvet paw stroking the dead prey ? " " There's a man on board ! " cried Wilfrid"wildly; "look, Charles." He thrust the glass into my hand whilst e jpointed with a vehement gesture. I had missed him before, but the broadside pening of . the,wreck to our approach dis losed his figure as he sat with folded rms and ins chin on his breast in a sleepn ff y^TCf- ny"^ companion that efnamealntact, though the wheel, skyigit, and all other deck fixtures that one could thijik of were gone. I eyed him steadily through the lenses, but though he never raised his head nor stirred his arms, which lay folded, yet owing to the roll of the hulk it was impossible to say that his body did not move. 1 - >i"There's the word Colossus," said I, painted plainly enough upon her bow. Yonder may be the writer of the letter »ceivpd. Wilf, you should send a boat." He. may be alive—God knows! But tiiough he be dead there might be another living." "Finn, cried Wilfrid, "bring the yacht to a stand and board that wreck instantly, d'ye hear ?" "Ay, ay, sir." make one of the boat's crew with your good leave, captain," I sung out. charge by all means, Charles," said Wilfrid. With pleasure," said L "See two things in the boat, Finn, before we start —fresh water and a drop of brandy or rum." The yacht's topsail was backed, the helm put down jjnd the vessel's way arrested: We came to a halt within halfa-mile of tie wreck. The ocean swung anoothly^iti wide-browed folds that went bnfimiing to the hulk in rounds polished —iugh at times to catch the image of her she showed as sli e leaned from us with • reflection leaning too as if she had 'ken in halves and was foundering. The it was lowered and brought to the gangway; I jumped in and we shoved off. Fjve fellows pulled, and on a sudden had to turn my head away to smother _ laugh whflst l seemed to wave a farewell to Wilfrid and Miss Laura on noting that one of tie rowers was no less a man than sSStCv Whether he had thrust himself n . J this Errand to some thirst for any in the discipline of his * ^bba8jfcaife, or whether Finn had re- ^ s g ^ t^at the fellow talked much of ^S^ldoVtp feather an oar and had ij^M&i;& vSto &e; boat, I cannot tell, ut therei*. was, as solemn as a sleeping pe, lus old straw hat pulled down to his s ofe, apd iis eyes steadfastly fixed upon t h^Joar tiat ie plied. He pulled well noughj but liis anxiety to keep time and o featherbesides was exceedingly absurd e andit cost me no small effort to master mviaoe, though the struggle to look grave and ignorant of his presence was mightily helped in a minute by the sight of the silent figure seated upon the wreck's deck. - I earnestly overhauled with my eyes the wallowing fabric as we approached her, but, saving that lonely man motionless in V there was nothing lafBe Of imrove rigging and ropes' ends in the'bow, vast rents in tie planks of the deck, splinters of bulwark, stanchion, and thelike. lie fellow that pulled stroke was the big- whiskered man that acted as boatswain, named Cutbill. I said to him, as he came stooping towards me for the sweep of his oar, "She's so jagged the whole length of her broadside, that I believe her stern, low as it lies, will be thejeasiest and safest road to enter by." He looked over his shoulder, and said, " Ay, sir. But there is no need for you to trouble to step aboard. I'll overhaul her if you like, sir." "No, I'll enter her. It's a break, Mr. CutbilL But you will accompany me, for I may want help." He shook his head. "You'll find nothing living there, sir." "No telling till we've found out, any- I I way, said L " Oars ! " I sung out. \Ve floated under the wreck's counter, booted on, and, tnaiting for the lift of the swell, I very easily sprang from the boat's gunvale to the taffrail of the hulk, followed by Cutbill. The decks had blown up, and the sort of drowning rolling of the hulk rendered walking exceedingly dangerous. The water showed black "through the splintered chassns, with a dusky gleam in twaying of it like window-glass on a ark night; and there was a strange noise f sobbing that was desperately startling, ith its commingling of sounds like human c h groans, and hollow frog-like croakings, followed by blows against the interior caused by floating cargo driven against the side, as if the hull was" full of halfstrangled giants struggling to pound their way out of her. From the first great gap I looked down through I remember recoiling with a wildness that might easily have rolled me overboard to tiie Bight of a bloated human face, with long hair streaming, floating on the .surface of the- water athwart the ragged orifice. Itwas like putting one's ' eye to a camera obscura and witnessing a sickening phantom of death, saving that here the horror was real, with the weeping noises in the hold to help it, and the great encompassing sea to* sweep it into one's very soul as a memory to ride one's sleepless hours hag-like for a long term. We approached the figure of the man. He was seated on a three-legged stool, with his back resting against the com-, panion. I stooped to look at his face. ," Famine is the artist here" I cried instantly, spxinging erect. "My God! what incomparable anguish is there in that expression!" "See, sir," cried the -burly sailor by my side in a broken voice, and he pointed to a piece of leather that lay close beside the body. One end of it had been gnawed into pulp, which had hardened into iron again to the air and the sun. " Yet the letter we picked up," said I, stated there was a 6ask of raw meat on board." That was chewed for thirst, sir—for thirst, sir!" exclaimed the seaman. " I suffered once, and bit upon a lump of lead to keep tie saliva running." "Best not linger," said I. "Take look fprward, will you? " He went towards the forecastle; Ipeered down the little companion-way; it was as black as the inside of a well, witi the water washing up the steps within reach of my arm. There could be nothing living down there, nor, indeed, in any other part of the wreck if not on deck, for she was full of water. The men in the boat astern were standing. up in her, with their heads bobbing together over the line of the taffrail to get a view of the figure, for it was, seated on the starboard side, plain in their sight, all being iclear to the companion; yet, spite of that lump of whiskered, mahogany faces, with Muffin's yellow chops in the heart of it to make the whole group as commonplace as a sentence of his, never in all my time did so profound a sense of desolation and loneliness possess me as I stood bringing my eyes from the huge steeping plain of the sea to that human shape with, its folded arms and its bowed head. Heavens, thought I, what scenes of human anguish have the ocean stars looked down upon! The flash past of the ghastly face in the hold beneath—that bit of gnawed leather, which even had. you- thought of a dog coming to such a'thing, would have m#de your heartsick—the famine in that bowed face, where yet lay so fierce a twist of torment that the grin of it made the slumberous attitude a horrible sarcasm— • "Nothing to be seen, sir," exclaimed a d Cutbill, picking his way aft with the merchantman's clumsy, rolling step. I went in a hurry to tie taffrail and dropped into the boat; he followed, and the fellow in the bow shoved off. Scarce, however, had the men dropped their oars into the rowlocks, each fellow drawing in his breath for the first stretch back, when a voice hailed us from the deck— II For God's sake don't leave me! " Oh! " shrieked Muffin, springing to his feet and. letting his oar slide overboard ;." there's someone alive on board! "Sit, you lubber I" thundered tie fellow behind him, fetching him a chip on the -Bhoulder that brought him in a crash to his hams, whilst the men abaft picked np the oar. ' Every face wore an expression of consternation. Cutbill's, that looked like a walnut shell between his whiskers, turned of aif ashen-hue; he had stretched forth his arms to give the -oar its first swing, and now they forked out paralysed into the stiffness of marline-spikes by astonishment. "Smite my- eyes," he muttered as though whispering to himself, "if it ain't the first dead man's voice J ever heard." ' 'Back water!" I cried out, for the swell had sheered the boat, so as to put the companion way betwixt us and the figure. I stood up and looked. The man was seated as before, though spite of the sure and dreadful expression of death his famine-white face bore, spite of my being certain in my own mind that he was as dead as the creature whose face had glimmered out upon the black water in the hold, yet the cry to us had been so unmistakablyreal, had come so unequivocally, not indeed only from the wreck, but from the very part of the hulk on which the corpse was seated, that I found myself staring at him as though I expected that he would look round at us. "There's no one alive yonder, men," j said I, seating myself afresh. "What was it that spoke, think 'ee, ir?" exclaimed the man in the bow, bringing his eyes full of awe away from he sheer hulk to my face. "Mr. Monson, sir, I'umblybeg pardon," o xclaimed Muffin, in the greasy deferential v tone he was used to employ when in the cabin, "but there must be something living on board that ship, unless it were a sperrit." "A spirit, you fool!" cried I in a passion, "what d'ye mean by such talk? There's nothing living on that wreck, I tell you. Jump aboard anyone of you who doubts me and he can judge for himself." Muffin shook iis head; the others writhed uneasily on the thwarts of the boat. "Cutbill and I overhauled the vessel she's full of water. What is on ier deck you can see for yourself, and nothing but a fish could live below. Isn't that right. Cutbill?" S ' . "Ay, sir," he answered; and then under his breath, "but what voice was it that hailed us then?" "Come, give'way!" I cried, "theyH be growing impatient aboard the yacht." The oars dipped, feathered, flashed, and in an instant the blue sides of the smart and sparkling little craft were buzzing and spinning through it in foam. It was like coming from a graveyard to the sight of some glittering, cheerful, tender poetic pageant to carry the eye from the hull to the yacht. She seemed clad by the contrast with new qualities of beauty. You found the completest expression of girlish archness in the curtsying of her shapely bows, with a light at her forefoot like a smile on the lip when she lifted her yellow sheathing there, pouting, as one might say, from the caressing kiss of the blue brine, to gleam like gold for a moment to the sunlight. We swept alongside and I i sprang on board. "The poor creature is dead, I suppose?" exclaimed Wilfrid, inspecting the wreck through a binocular glass. " Yes," I answered, "dead as the dead an be; too dead to handle, faith. I might ave sought in his pockets for some hints v l w h c to found a report upon, but his face had the menace of a fierce whisper." "It seems cruel to leave him unburied," said Miss Laura, with her soft eyes fuSof pity, and the emotions begotten of the presence of death. "That hulk must soon go to pieces " said I, "and then she will give him'a sailorsfaneral." - ; _ - "When nature acts the part of high priestess, if there Bfe such a -part"exclaimed Wilfrid, in a low, tremulous voice not without a kindaf syeetoetain its way' thanks, perhaps, to :the mood of tender sentiment that, was upon him," «Uiow : grandly she celebrates the humblest sailor's obsequies.' how noble is her cathedral! Observe the altitude of that stupendous roof of blue. How sublime are the symphonies of the wind; how magnificent the organ notes which they send pealing through this great echoing fabric! Nature wilT give-yonder poor fellow a nobler funeral than it is in bur power to honour iim with. But Charles," he. cried, witi a sudden change of voice, and indeed with a new manner in-him, "have you ever, remarked the exquisite felicity with which nature invents and fits and works her'puppet, shows? Take yonder scene at which we have been suffered to steal a jeep. : What could be more choicely imagined than that a 'dead man should have charge of such a dead ship as that, and that the loot- out ie is keeping upon her deck should be as black as tie future of tie vessel ie still seems to command?" ' Well, well," said I, "all this may be as you put it, Wilf. But all the same, I am glad to see that topsail-yard swung and that spectre there veering astern. I protest my visit has made me feed as though I must lie down for a bit;" and, in sober truth, the body I had inspected, coupled with the thrill of amazement that had shot through me to the voice we had heard, had proved a trifle too much for my. nerves, topped, as it all was, with certain superstitious- stirrings, tie crawling, as it might be, upon the memory of that ghostly, insoluble hail, aLongwith the workings of am imagination that was too active for happiness when anything approaching to a downright horrbr fell in its way. So I went below and lay upon a sofa, but had starcely hoisted my legs, when Wilfrid -arrived, bawling to lie • steward for a bottle of champagne, and immediately after -came Miss Jennings, who must'needs fetch me a pillow, and then, as though she had a mind to make me feel ridiculous, saturate a pocket handkerchief with eau de Cologne, all which attentions I hardly knew whether to like or not till, having ..swallowed a bumper of champagne, I hopped off the couch with laugh. - "A pretty.sailor I am, eh, Wilfrid? cried I; "a "likely sort of figure to take command of .the Channel Fleet. Miss Jennings, your eau de Cologne has entirely cured, me." - "What's to be the next incident now— the <SWM" exclaimed Wilfrid. He thrust his hands- deep uto his trousers pocket nd marched into hiB cabin, head hanging own. CHAPTER XVL WE SIGHT A SCHOONER-YACHT, I HAPPENED to be alone on deck after dinner, having left Wilfrid at his diary and Miss Jennings in her cabin, where she had gone to make ready to join me, as she had said. The wreck had faded out before sundown, melting upon the flashing purple under the sinking luminary like the memory of a nightmare off a mind upon whici is streaming a light of cheerfulness. He night was dear- but dark, with a pleasant wind through whose dryness the stars looked down purely. The yacht was sailing a fair six knots, as I gathered when I stepped from the companion to the lee- rail and peered over in a wool-gathering way at the emerald gushings and eddyings of tbe phosphoric fires which winked in the cloudy paleness along the bends, and fled into fiie dimness of glow-worms to the spectral racing of our wake. . I was worried and oppressed by a sort of heaviness of spirits. I had acted a cheerful part at dinner, but there was little of mv heart in the tongue I wagged The recollection of the motionless figure seated upon the wreck,-and darker yet, the memory of that bloated, long-haired ihantom face sliding in tie space of a ireath across the gape in the shattered deck, with the sobbing wash of the black water on which it floated to put a dreadful meaning of its own into the livid, nimble vision went for something—nay, went for a good deal, no doubt; but it was the liail that had come from the wreck which mainly occasioned my perplexity and aviation, and, I may add, my depression. Twice now had syllables sounding from where there were no lips to pronounce them reached my ears. Bad Talone heard them I should have been alarmed for my reason, not doubting an hallucination, though never for an instant believing in tie reality of the utterance; butthevoiceB had been audible to others, they were consequently real, and for that reason oppressive to reflect upon. The shadow f Wilfrid's craziness lay on his ship; the oyage was begun in darkness, and was a L a a an aimless excursion, as I thought, with no more reasonable motive for it than such as was to'be found in the contending passions of a bleeding heart. Hence it was inevitable that any gloomy incident which occurred during such an adventure as this should gather in the eye .aif the imagination a veiy much darker tiiicture than the complexion ft would cariy. .under sunnier and more commonplace conditions of an-ocean run. " Whilst I lay over the rail lost in thought, I was accosted by Finn. "Beg pardon, Mr. Monson; couldn't make sure in this here gloom whether it was you or Sir Wilfrid. May I speak a word with 'ee, sir ? " "Certainly, Finn." "Well now, sir, if that thereoold Jacob Crimp ain't gone and took on so joyful a frame of mind that I'm a land-crab if his sperrits ain't downright alarming in a man whose weius runs lime-juice!" "Old Crimp!" cried I, "what's the matter with him? " "Why, he comes up to me and says, 'Capt'n/ he says, 'there's Joe Cutbill, Jemmy Smithers, that funeral chap Mut'in, and the 'tothers who was in tiie boat which went to the wreck this afternoon, all aswearing that they heard a voice in the air!' and so saying, he buret out a laughing like a parrot. 'A woice!' says he. 'So me and Mr. Monson aren't the only ones, d'ye see. Damme/ says he, 'if it don't do my heart good to think oii't. There's the whole bloomin' boiling of us now,' says he, 'to laugh at capt'n; not Jacob Crimp only,' and here he buisLs nto another laugh." "What does the old chap want to coney ?" said L "Why, sir, joyfulness as that he no onger stands alone as having heard a oice, for though to be sure you was with im that night, and some sound like to a s g uss rose up off yon quarter, he feels Jike I i t o a d t being alone in the (tearing of it, for, ya see, a man in his position can't comfortably hitch on to a gent like'you^and iE was tha harder for him, for that the man' at tie wheel swore that believer heard tie cry/' " He is superstitious, like Most old loiscousers, no doubt," said I. "Have the others been talking a" hail "from the wreck?* \- "Ay, sir; 'tis a.pity. It's raised an oneasinesB'mongsttiemen.- There's that Irish fool O'Connor, him^tiat foundered , the 'Dago,' going about witi a face as long as a wet hammock aad swearing that taint lucky." .• - ? ? " ' don't knowabout its beingunlucky,' 1 " said I, : "but it certainly is most confoundedly^curious, Captain Finn. "- H .saw him peering hard at me in til dusk.- " But surely your honour's not gomg^qtell me there teass woice?"uaid he. \«As we were shovfrsg ofi/'wddl,- "we were hailed in God's name to fefcum. Every man of us iii the boat heaftf it. Tpere were but two bodies in the wreck, aa stone dead as if they had' died befo*4 the days of the flood. What Say you to that, CaptainFinn?" He pulled off his hat to scratch his head. After a pause.heexclaimedelowly, "Well,' - I'm for . lejtving alone what isn't to 1» : onderstood. There was ghosts maybe aforel was bom, but none since; and the dead h anttalkM,tomy knowledge, since New Testament times. ' Old Jamaicy rum isn't to I ; a bucket over tie side, and if a truth lies too deep to ie fished up by creeps, bitter drop it, says f: and lix tiie attention on something else.' •. . • ~r v /.. "You tell me the men are uneasy?" "Ay,air." • V • ' "Do you.meanalliaiids?" r. "Weil, your honour knows wba^ saabn are. When they're housed together under one deckthey're like a box of them pdtait lucifer lights—if one catches, th» whole mass is aflame.'' ••. . "Ifa a pawing fit of superstition/' said "Give it time. Best -say nothing, about it to Sir Wilfrid." ; us, no, sir.- Sony.it's raised so much satisfaction in that there old Jacob; though. A laugh in Jacob dont seund ' natural. _ Any sort o' joyfulness in'such* constitution is aenn nature." At this point Miss Jennings arrived on «k, and Finn,' with -: a shadowy fist mowingathis brow, stepped to the opttck; site rail, where iis figtue waa eaafy^s^| tinguished by the starsie Blotted oat I \- "I iope your spirits are better, Mis8:Iiaura." ' "I should be glad to tura fhe *3etfit' saQtir^of that wreck out of myjanetitonr; ^ but my spirits ate veiy well." sC'^^h " " "Wilfrid noticed your depSiauigo?**' table, but he attributed it en&Sg;^gp dreadful sight you TOtnesae£(§j^fitB; wreck." She passed'-ier is ' my. arm With a soft impulse i me into % walk, but;there ' real unconsciousness .#n heri this—achildlike intispationdl he* , ?risht& walk without proposing eofcroaldngv tie flow oL- our speech atr-the ^fometit—f that for some little whSeil waB^Bearee : 7 sensible I"held ier arm, an^ that 'I was ' pacing with her. 1 ' But^I think "there Is more the matter witi you/Mr. Monson," she continuedj with her ^tce 'gliinm^BgC like pearl in the dusk, as fie" locked *tp at ? me, " than meets -the ear—I wffl jiofcsay • the eye." ~ " "The fact is, Miss Jemiings/' s&id; I abruptly, "I am bothered." "'By what?" "Well, what thinkyoptf4Jie > ctUjii(non which grows in me dthat-this yacht carriesalong with ier, In the abnosphert that enfolds ier, some port* of A±isl, ; whoe& o mission-;it. is to bewilder out bf its jn- ; visibility tie sober senses of men of plain/ 1 practiced judgment, like your humble servant?" You want to frightenme iiy pretend* ing that you are fallutt At little Mazy." . "No!" . - Or you are creating., an «xcoae to return home." ^ , No again. How canXtefctOn'iome! " Why, by the first happen to sight and «} stratagem to prepare r your bidding usf happens?" : She spoke with a subdued note and a tremSle of fretfulness in it. : Suffer me to justify myself/'said. I, and with that I led her to the captain, who stoodwith folded arms leaning against the rail near the main rigging. "Finn!" He dropped iis hands and stood bolt upright.^ * 4 JBe so good as to tell Miss Vmen aretalkingaboui Youm^n^woicp,«ir? 4 ' What' -tbe. men .are talking about," said L ; •; .". ^ • • Well, miss," said Finn, "as the boat that Mr. MonaOn had charge of this afternoon was aleaving the wreck tie men heard themselves hailed by a woice t~At' begged 'epi/in God's name, nofc to ieaf e the partyascalled behind... Mr.Mo&on;, ir, you faeard it likcwise." - .; "I did/'I answered. * '^Another mystery/' exp&imed; Miss. aura, "quite as dismal ipad astonishing s Muffin's phosphoric warning." . "Thanks, .Finn; thgrfs all I wanted to' sk you," said I, and we left iim to resume our walk. "Tfell me about this voice," said the gii»'- . . » \- I did so, putting plenty of colour into the picture, too, for i wanted her to sympathise with my superstitious mood, whilst up to iiowi^reT^ nothing but incredijli ty . and a land of coquettish pique in'her and manner.* "vf'-'-'j .. : • v :. "And you are afraid of thirvoice, jir. Monson? I wonder at you!" i - u "Yon should have my full ^consent to w : onder,"B^i,"ifitwerethefirst time. but there waa the other night, you know, with soU^^ur,nncomprpmising old Crimp with a boatful of men for evidence."- "Beally, Mr. Monson, what do you want to make yourself believe ?'' sheasked, with a tone like a half laugh in her speech : "tie dead cannot speak." "So 'tis said," I grumbled, sucking hard at my cigar to kindle it afresh. "Human syllables cannot be delivered save by human lips. What, then, coultl have spoken out of the darkness of the sea the other night?" ' "Does not Milton tell of airy tongues that syllable men's names?" said I gloomily. "Mr. Monson, I repeat that I wonder at you. How can you suffer your imagination to be cheated by some trick of the senses?" she laughed. "Pray, be careful. You may influence me. Then wliat morbid company shall we make! I am sure you would like me to believe in this mysterious voice of yours. But, happily, we Colonials are too young, as a people, be superstitious. We must wait for ur ruined castles, and our moated granges, nd our long, echoing, tapestry-lined corriors. Then, like you English, we w-y remble when we hear a mysterious voice." She started violently as she said this. iving my arm so smart a pull that it nstantly brought n*c £o $ halt, whilst Lu 'OH !"SHRIEKED MUFFIN, " THERE'S SOMEONE AT.IVE OH- BOARD 1" a voice of genuine alarm she exclaimed "Good gracious! what is that?" Her face was turned up towards the weather yardarm -of the square topsail, where, apparently floating a little above the Btuddingsail-boom iron, like to a flame in the act of running down the smoke of an extinguished candle ere firing the wick, shone a pendulous bubble of greenish fire, but of a luminosity sufficiently powerful to distinctly reveal the extremity of the black spar pointing finger-like into the darkness ahead, whilst a large space of the curve of the topgallant-sail above showed, in the lustre with something of the glassy, delicate greenness you observe in a midsummer leaf in moonshine. The darkness, with its burden of stare, seemed to press to the yacht the deeper for that mystic light, -and much :£hafc. had ieenrdistingujshable outlines before melted out upon the sight.' '• • "What is it?" exclaimed Miss Jennings * voice of consternation, andTTelClier hand tighten upon my aim with ier fears thiillmg through the involuntary pressure. "Figure an. echoing corridor hung with aged tapestry Btirtiiig to cold .draughts which ^m/to -come like. "blasts irom a grav^^' aTioise^as of the distant clanking <H u 'chains',' then the apparition of ft SSSan in armour, hiding tip. such a lantern -as "ftat ycmder, approaching you who are spellbound and cannot move for libjrd>L" ; I Ws£'<ml laughing. • * J What w./fliat light, Mr. Monson?" shecfiedpetulantly.' ' 'J' "WSiy^ IMjbb; Jennings," t answered, ** tfe a saiiit, not a li^it ; & reverend old kh&pcalled; St.JiIini(J wfite transforms himself at pleasure intfr a species ' of snapdragon Jw^ttfi. fecouragement of- poor Jacks," %To be continued.) .. 