MAIL NEWS. OUR PARIS LETTER. CFEOM Ocit CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, 31st Mat. The two hest generals in Russia nro said to bo the months of January and February j in Dahomey the military magnates are wet, heat and malaria, and thi3 triple alliance being at present in campaign on the Slave Coast will explain why order reigns from IVhydah to Abomey. Not so satisfactory is the condition of affairs throughout Senegal and in Southern Algeria sweeping round to "Western Soudan. There is a racial and religious fermentation, according to the public journals, among the populations that requires serious examina tion and prompt remedies. France is no more beloved by Orientals than »ny other Western nation, and her eastern con quests, won by the sword, must be kept by tbo sword. "Whethor the master be English, Ger man, Little Portuguese or French, the moment the vanquished feel they are fit to wrestle, or that an auspicious moment has arrived, action follows conviction. France has several cardinal defects in the management of her foreign posses sions; the chief among these, and that one would he least prepared to find, is to under estimate the forces requisite for their defence. Sho seems to float between a hazy belief that her national temperament will charm tho sub jected, like Russian insouciance, and a desiro to rule on tho cheap. Hence, periodi cal revolts and corresponding repression. In Africa she has orthodox and diffident Mahometanism to count with, tho latter the more dangerous, beeauso tbo directing El Bcnoussians arc beyond her grasp and havo the Sahara for line of retreat. Franco wants a colo nial army. Minister do Freycinet admits that, and is prepared to organise it to-morrow if ho bo provided witli the annual grant of 10,000,000 £ At every step France turns she is met with tho question of finance, lu tho race of army expen diture with Germany she is handicapped by some 30 per cent of weightier outlay, eoldier for soiuier. If tho aim of Prcsidcat Carnot in trotting cvor France be to show to tho world by the manner he is everywhere received— warmly, respectfully and sincerly— that the nation has made up its tnind to " havo and to hold" tho present constitution, ho has arrived at tho Q. E. D. stago of tho problem. As in his voyage to the South of Frauce, so in his concluded trip to tho cast, his progress was an ovation and a triumph. " Grand king cease to conquer, or I eoose to write," was tho flattering appeal of Boiloan to Louis XIV, Only Franco has no official poet, a similar strain might be gronnd and served piping hot to M. Carnot. His travels are a veritable barometer of the political times and seasons ; "fine, and set fair," arc the readings indicated by his last trip. The Conservative heart of France is in the provinces, and the evidence is conclusive that the bitter ness of party strife is passing away; the belief is growing that we can eat, drink and be merry under a Republic, as well as under other forms of constitution. The clergy are certainly coming round to perceive that if they throw politics aside they can just as well feather their nests nnder a de Freycinet, a3 under a Rouber or a de Broglie Ministry. Later they will find out that to let the Republic alone is the surest way to ensure the Republic letting them alone. The peculiarity about French monarchists, who like to be dubbed "Tories — Conservative is a trifle too b'beral — is that they never change. They keep mapping oat the Atlantic with Mrs. Partington's safety machine, generation after generation; they whirl one way while the nation whirls another — the onward. Anglo-Saxon Tories, when they see the moment has come to give up the political ghost, do so like men, and having put their hand to the plough never look back. The French clergy commence to see this difference ; further insight will lead them to separate from the Old ouaru. mnce tne snepherd Kings ot Egypt, i lie sitting still programme for States is out of fashion. It is by discarding that old property that England has become great, glorious and free, with all due respect to J. J. Rousseau, wbo attributes her prosperity and greatness to the absence of — wolves. Some of the French possessions run like spikes into British territory. ' In India, there are Pondlcberry and Chandarnagore ; the Gambia and Sierra Leone are hemmed in, but Newfound- laud is the worst sitnated of all. The French journals, to their credit, abstain from all blistering comments on the cod and lobster deadlock at Newfoundland, and would be rejoiced at a modus vivtndi being dis covered. The French academies that have nch vast sums of money, the interest on lega cies, to annually distribute as rewards for prize essays might take up the matter. Clearly it cannot be in the interests of either country to prolong that irritating and chronic anomaly. It is not amour propre so much as truly tangible interests that rivets France to the banks, to book cods and can lobsters. To give France a dual card again in Egypt is impossible. The Australians will object to a bartering o: the New Hebrides ; there is Gambia, Sierra Leone and Lugot only to speculate with. M. IVaddington is a busi ness man, and that is the secret of his success as ambassador to St. James's. Let Lord Salisbury invite him to Hatfield House, while Chief Sec- retary Balfour is playing golf, and arrange the terms across the walnuts and wine. : The trial of the four directors of the Copper Society and of the old Comptoir d' Escompte has terminated. M. Joubert has been acquitted: Indeed his role was of tho lifeboat character. The ringleader was M. Secretan. He was the Samson that pulled down both establishments and covered France with further financial ruins.: He has been condemned, to . six months' imprisonment and a fine of 10,000 f. He is liable to tho victimised shareholders for damages, but as he has given all his property over to the liquidator there is no more to bo squeezed ont oi mm, nor is no ever likely to. make millions again. M. Laveissiire is sentenced to three months' imprisonment and 3000 f. fine, and M. Heutsch to a fine of 3000 f.— plus the loss of their fortunes. The judging is important as. warning tho princes of finances that justice, if: slow, will track their misdeeds. The trial is a bad angur for the directors of the Panama Canal Company. Tho shareholders now recognise that every farthing they invested in the soherae is irretrievably lost ; and as they do not intend being caught a second timo, the formation of any new company — that no one believes in— is to them a matter of indifference. Hence why they have petitioned tho Minister of Justice to institute a criminal prosecution against tho ex-diroctora, making them respon sible for one milliard franca— don'tthey wish they may get them— being two-thirds of the subscribed capital. They also request that the liquidator be ordored to publish a full state ment of the expenditure. That would bo only a collection of "human documents." It was generally accepted in Franco that Nihilism and its machinery was on article purely of Russian home manufacture. Judge then of the astonishment of the Parisians' to ' discover that they wero entertaining unawares the head contre of Nihilism within their walls; or rather the advanced section of that extremely advanced ism, who olaim to be called "Terrorists."1 The force of fee, fair fumism can no longer goV —ww w t m "atitcu 8lloc a married woman with whom ho -had a Umon some years ago. The'erime, being so common, created no special notice, save that there was a something mysterious about r the e assassination. Tho murderer remained in w ' the room all n'ght with the corpse, and in the morning left tho hotel. He had not proceeded far down the street when a Hue and cry was raised after him, and two policemen arrested him. He begged that they would not fatigue him by speaking, as he had a bullet in his ear. At this they smiled ; but it now turns out to be a fact, as the prisoner is in the hospitnl, and his brain is inflamed. The woman, his victim, was a Pole too, and till her shame was discovered simultaneously with her death had been considered a model mother and a devoted wife. They appear to have been Nihilists, as Tinners dkenrnrfvi «« Bleszynski havo led to tho arrest of 15 " Terrorists," all Rnssians, some living in a luxuriant position, others in abject misery— tho antipodean types of Russian society. Tho arrested are nil highly edu cated, and havo beon studying law, medicine, chemistry and literature. Some too, aro married : wives and single ladies are implicated. There is one young lady, aged 25, who 1ms passed tho most brilliant examina tions in chemistry. Her lodging was a miser able garret, destitute ot furniture ; sho sat and slept on the baro floor, but her trunk contained : 15 bombs, charged witb dynamite, and a col lection of pamphlets and proclamations of the true Nihilist nitre-glycerine type. Similar terrible penates were found in the apartments of the other pri?oner3, besides revolvers, dag gers and similar life preservers— or slayers. The compromising documents aro very compromis ing. The French have much respect for Russia, but would from their hearts have been glad to ; be spared the dealing with this conspiracy, which will force France to at once count with the , Czar and the public opinion of the world. The trial of the murderer Eyraud, and of his accomplice and mistress, Gabrielle Boropard, will be of wide-world interest. Of his guilt there is no question, and for his certain fate on pity. But Boinpard has been taken up by the hypnotlsers, and her counsel, Maitre Robert, will demand her acquittal, on the ground that her malady — nirrosc — releases her from all moral responsibility, as she had no consciousness of her crime, having acted, not nnder the ordinary term of influence, but through the "sugges tions" of Eyraud, to inveigle the victim, Gouffe, the dandy bailiff and her admirer, to walk into her parlor, when she helped to strangle him, to place the remains in a trunk prepared beforehand, and then transported them into the neighborhood of Lyons, where they were shot into a public dust pit. Dr. Bernheim, of Nancy, and other burn ing and shining lights, who hold that nerves are superior to morality, and that crime is the out- comeof organic defect, will demand thatBompaid be hypnotised and her poweriessncss to resist suggested temptation to do evil demonstrated. Benjamin Constant hinted that with the pro gress of science morality also underwent evolu tions. "We must get up our Charcot and BronardeL 5L Jules Simon regrets the condition of the French press. Fifty years ago, he 1 states, a journal existed to represent ideas and reforms. Their offices were the head- centres of political friends, where Nestors were barkened to, chiefs obeyed and solidarity prac tised. There was no association of press men, but an nnpnblished code, whose 'decisions were as nromnt as thov were Thn osfahliali. ment of the halfpenny paper has revolution ised all this ; journals are no longer taken by subscription ; they are purchased by single copy. Instead of a thousand readers, as then, of newspapers there are now millions— not a dis advantage certainly. The public to-day de clines to read or to discuss doctrines ; proof of its good sense if the doctrines be unsound. The French press, following Senator Simon,, has submitted to three despotisms, all equally demoralising; that of power, tinder the era- pires— Napoleon I. only tolerated one news- paper ; of Demagogues under the Revolutions, and. of France as at present Each day witnesses the appearance (and. dis appearance let it be added) of 10 journals and 100 journalists to launch and drum up a commercial enter rise. M. Simon, in the "despotism of finance," does not intend to help the anti-semitio M. Drumont, but the despotism he means is that of the Jews. This is strange, as in the senator's family a very large number of Israelites can be counted. Perhaps they, are 'of. the tribe— the lost ones — in whom there is no guile. Blanche of Castille, niece of King John of England, and wife of Louis VUL, of France, was the only French queen that nursed her own children, four sons, of whom the eldest wn« Louis IX., the Saint. Royal nurses were selected accordiug to a traditional formula. Itmayinterest society mothers, who have no timo tor nursery matters.. A royal nurse was required to be 22 and not over 30 years of age ; to havo been con fined aince.three months; to possess a sanguine temperament, black or brown hair ; to be of a strong and> robust constitution, stout, have a good appetite, and in no way capricious as to her eating and drinking ; she was to bo gay, always in good humor, ready with a joke ; she was to have no bodily defect, to have no bad teeth, skin white and clear ; she was to be handsome and prepossessing iu manners; to be neither humpbacked nor lame-legged, to be free from a provincial accent, and the "fountains of maternity were to be next to a/wizard's in- exhaustible bottle. Said Figaro to the Comte Alraaviva, " Does your Excellency, know many masters worthy to be valets from tho posses- sion of virtues they exact in their domestics V 