A LIFE AT STAKE. ly Mrs. HARRIET LEWIS, .A/hor" of " Ti' ,Hosheo of S ',els," " J7vi;an Thor:c." " The lHeires of Egrremont," " The /se H(l eir," ctc., etc. \--ý- CIIAPTERi I. WATCHING TIIE CLOCK. "The light of love, the purity of grace, The mind, the music breathing from her iace."-Bsnor. It was a dark and moonless night. The trees around Edencourt-the country home of Sir Allyn Itare-rustled their branches zestleesly in the wind, looking like tall ghosts communing together; the marble statues and urns esattered over the lawns and through the gardens gleamed white and spectral through the gloom ; and the stately manicon itself had an unreal appearance as it loomed up in the majesty of its propor. tions againet the dark night-sky. But a single light beamed from the broad windows of the dwelling, and that struggled through the parting between the heavy oar taie of a room in the western wing. This room was situated on the ground foor, and, in addition to its wide windows, was provided with a glazed door, which opened into a small shrubbery. The furniture of the room was simple, and in clnded several tables, a few chairs, an ample chintz-covered couch, heaped high with pillows, a small bronze cloak, and several antique vases. The floor of polished oak, arranged in a mosaic pattern, was covered in the centre by a handsome Turkey carpet. Two or three well-filled book-cases were ranged against the walls; and the tables werelittered with maps and charts, which had evidently been under recent inspection. Unsteady lines were faintly traced upon the maps, Ehowing eircuitousroutes to ont-of-the way places, as if the perEon who had marked them had been thinking of seeking a hiding place far away from ordinary routes of travel, or indeed, from the usual haunts of civilised men. A few coals were burning steadily in the grate, giving out a faint heat, not unpleasant on that chilly April night, and from their light, combined with that of the lamp burn .ng on the table, the many pictures that adon.cd the high, polished walls were re vealed .'th more or les distinctness. These pictures we of various schools of painting, and many of them were from the hands of -orld-rcnowned LCvaters" 'his room was t,.q private apartment of eir Allyn Dare, and, a. the moment we look upon the scene, it waa tenanted by the wealthy baronet himself He had been for hours, ano was still, en gaged in walking the floor, wlaPPed in a gloom far denser than that w.'thout the dwelling. He was atall man, and seemed taller than be was, because of his thinness. Ev,.r' feature of his pale, thin face, indicated the high-bred gentlemen, and his refinement was apparent in his looks and dress, disordered as was the latter. Scarcely five-and-forty years of age, his scanty leeks were white as Enow, and streamed over his grey dressing grown,giving him an aged look, which' was heightened by the weary and care-worn ex pression of his countenance. He was a gentle, affectionate man, with an almost constitutional abhorrence of noise, con fntion, or contention, and with a singular love of qu'et, made necessary to him by his extreme nervousness. He had been very different in his youth, his friends were wont to say, pityingly. He had always been gentle, but there had been a time when that gentleness only tempered an ardent soul. In his earlier years he had been gay and full of spirit, the life of the soci:l circle, the frequenter of various places of amuse ment condemned and forbidelen to him by his rigid parent, the late Sir Allyn, who had looked upon his wild ways with abhorrence, and who had more than once peremptorily refusneed to pay his son's debts, contracted, perhaps, at the gaming.table. But all that was in the days when the present baronet was enly MAr. Allyn -Dare- before the family title and wealth had come to him. Since then he had been as now, except that every year, every month and even every day, seemed to add a furrow to his forehead, or to deepen the lines about his careworn face. As he paced the room, his "hands folded be hind his back, clasping and mnelseping them selves with a nervous motion, his face worked with a powerful agitation, his gaze shifted mcesaontly, and he held his br,rath frequently slackening his steps to listen. At length his eyes, thus wandering rest lessly over the objects around him, reverted to the maps and charts on the table, and be gathered them up despairingly and thrust them into a drawer, while he murmured : " Itis useless to think of flight. Let me break my sworn word and the evil will surely ome--pursuit, scandal, ehamo, agony, ignominy, and death I" He caught his breath convulsively, re sumed his walk to and fro, and continued: "No, flight is madness. I must meet the shock here soon. It is the night of the last day-the night of the fatal twenty-second I In all thene yeers I have not seen him or heard from him. But I feet that he lives that he is coming-that he will soon be here to claim the fulfilmentofourawful ompact. And yet, there is a chance in my favor. He may be dead. I pray that he may be. Oh, if it might prove so !" A wild look of hope suddenly flashed across his gloomy face, as lightning some. times flashes acroes the darkest night, and he glanced at the e!ock, and said: "Twenty minutes to clevenl I have only eighty minutes to wait, and then I shall either be free or doomed. I have looked for him since daybreak, and every minute that has passed since'then without bringing him has fed my hopes. I know his bitter hatred and love of. revenge, and sorely, if he were alive he would have come to me at tho earliest hour of today. Yes, he must be dead." There was an exultant tone in his voioe as he uttered the last words, but his exultation was only momentary, and was succeeded by a deeper gloominess. He continued walking backward and for. ward, watching the clock, as its hands moved slowly over its face, starting at every sound, now and then pausing to listen, frequently looking from the door, and still more frequently bending an anxious glance toward the interior of his dwelling. Struggle as he would to still his agitation, and repress his rervousness, the return of his despair became more and more marked with every parsing moment. " If Ihad but died on that awful night, ten years ago I" he groaned. "What torture havel not endured since then ? If I had but braved him then-but my weakness has been my ruin I It is now too late-too late IHarkl That noise! A horseman!" He sprang into a defensive attitude, having the look of a hunted animal at bay. The sound that had so alarmed him soon resolved itself into the murmur among the trees, or the rustling of branches against the casement; but his fright did not sub side. "Eleven o'clock," he whispered, his limbs trembling, and hie face acquiring a livid hue. "Only an hour more. According to the compert, ii he arrives after twelve he cannot claim the bond. But he will be here. Oh, my child, my poor child, I could find it in my heart to sanrifieo you to another shrine than this-to death l" And his trembling voice broke into a quivering laugh that was pitiful to hear, it was so full of woe and despair. Ite checked the laugh in the midst of its utterance, with an apprehensive glance at a door on the opposite side of the room, and then, with a Eudden impulse. he crossed the floor, opened the door, nod stolo softly into the adjoining apartment. It differed greatly from his study, being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir. It was full of light and warmth and color. The long French windows were trimmed with crimson, damark, and white lace; the floor was covered with a velv:tmedallion carpet; a fire glowed and flamed behind the polished bars of the grate; and silken couches and cushions, pictures, marble statuettes, shelves of rare porcelain, carved book-cases filled with handsomely bound volumes, and a host of elegant and costly trifles abounded, giving the room a rosy home-like appearance, which was increased by the soft light that shone through the globes of the pendant ehandelier. Sir Allyn advanced silently to a crimson couch upon which a young girl lay sleeping and then he folded his arms and stood be side her, watching her with a yearning, des. pairing gaze. She wasee very beautiful in her on consciousness-as beautiful and gs lovely as an angel. She lay in a graceful, careless attitude, her tiny slippered feet peeping from beneath the hem of her dressing-robe, a bright scarlet shawl thrown carelessly over her shoulders, and her hair flowing over her pillow. A smile was fluttering across her lips, showing that her pure soul was visited with pleasant dreams. She was Ilde Dare, the only child of the baronet. "How happy she is," murmured the father, looking at her through a mist of gathering tears. " She is always so, sleeping or waking, except when depressed by her sympathy with me. She is as pure and in nocent as a baby. She has never known a real grief. "If she could only die before he comes to wreck her happiness, to make her pray for death I Better, a thousand times better, would it have been if you had died in infancy I Oh, my child I my dearest Ilde it makes me shiver with dread, and my blood to run cold when Ithink that you have been reserved foreuch a wretched fate as awaits you 1" So earnest where his tones, so loud his words, that the maiden stirred slightly at the sound of his voice, and then opened her eyes, and assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned his pale, thin, wild-look ing face toward her. "Pana-obh, papa l" she said, in a low tone of pain, "are you ill ?-or has your fit of gloom come back again ?" She arose, approached him with a swift, gliding motion, led him gently to a seat upon the couch beside her, and then drew his head to her breast with a tender, protect ing movement, and as if she would defend him from an entire world. That movement was a revelation in itself. It showed thather relations to the baronet were less those of the daughter, and more of the loving counsellor, the unfailing friend, the gentle protector, and the guardian angel. If she had been beautiful in sleep, how much more beautiful was she now that every feature was instinct with awakened intellig "nee, and the glow of love andpity over. \--ead them I ESb was delicate and slight in frame, yet evidentv endowed with almost perfect health. Her face was bewildering in its lovelinese, lighted up by a pair of radiant, magnetic eyes, in which lurked a thousand pleasant shadows, vivified by a sweet, tender mouth, of which the lips gleamed like the newly blossomeod carnation, and made glorious by the purity, sweetnee, and spirit breathing from every faultless feature. Her white dreessing-gown fell about her slender figure in soft folds, its whiteness re lieved by the vivid scarlet and long fringes of her shawl; and her long, soft hair, un bound, strayed over shoulders in rippling waves of brown, gleaming with gold. It was easy to see that, while she was cgifted with the most exquisite delicacy and refinement, she, had yet a strength of character such as isfound in few women. This might be because her father had so long leaned upon her, looking to her in his frequent fits of terribledeepondence for com fort and counsel, and depending upon her unfailinglove and cheerfulness for relief. She was a warm-hearted, impulsive young maiden, as generous as the sun, quick to like or dielike, yet, besides her father, there was no one in the world whom she really loved. "Ilde, my dear child," he said, looking despairingly into the anxious face, "I am confident that yon love me so devotedly that you would submit to any sacrifice for my sake." His manner so startled and alarmed her that she was speechless, although she clung closer to him, throwing her arms about his neck. " Oh, heavens," he exclaimed, "to see you sofner, and know myself powerless to aid or soothe you-" He could not bear to look longer upon the wondering, frightened girl, and rushed into hisestudy, forbidding her to follow him. " Twenty-five minutes to twelve Il' he ex claimed, looking at the clock. "Only twenty-five midutee more, and-and-we may,.be saved ! Heaven grant, if he yet lives, his horse may fall under him, and so delay him, or he may miss his way, or justice may overtake him 1' Thus the moments wore on. He counted the ticks of the clock, be ex amined his watch frequently, he now and then opened the glazed door and peered into the darkness, and listened for the sound of an approaebh, and it was curious to note how his moods alternated between the wildest joy and relief, and the blackest despair. Unnoticed by him Ilde stole into the study, regardless of his prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind had given way, and that he would do himself an injury. Once or twice a feeling of numbness crept over the baronet, and he was dead alike to fear or hope, and walked about asin a dream, but this blessed obliviousness was but momentary, and he aroused from it to still greater suffering. The minutes slowly lessened. Soon there remained but twenty, and these melted to fifteen, and these to ten. Again Sir Allyn experienced a sudden flash of hope. His step quickened, his thin face flashed, his eyes glowed, and his spare figure began to shake off the burden under which it had stooped for years, and to grow erect and full of dignity. "Only ten minutes more!" he cried, feverishly, his tone cc husky that Ilde scarcely recognised it. "He must be here within ten minutes, or I shall be free from the bond foreverl" Shaking off the weakness that crept over him, he rushed out into the shrubbery and wandered about among the trees and bushes, and listened, and exalted, and despaired, re. turning every few moments to look at his watch or the clock. Thus five minutes were passed. His anxiety then grew insupportable. His legs trembled under him, and he grew too weak and excited to continue his walk, and so sank down upon his lounge, his hands clasped, and his eyes fixed unwaveringly upon the clock. His daughter, silently and unseen, drew nearer to him, full of an awful dread. and stood at his side, watching him as closely as he regarded the time-piece. The tickings of the clock seemed to grow slower, the seconds almost interminable periods, and the minutes were ages which the time-piece seemed to find itself unable to compase. One minute-two-minutes passed. The lips of the baronet quivered as they etrove to whisper a prayer, and the trembl ing of this thin body became an ague, while his senses reeled, and he heard nothing, saw nothing, save that his distempered vision preseited to him a gigantic clock whose great hands told off the seconds with oruel slowness. The third minute thus passed. There remained but two more before mid night, and Sir Allyn aroused himself from his brief trance, and listened and watched with all the intentness he could command of his unstrung nerves. "I hear nothing," he gasped-" no foot steps-no horseman approaching ! The very wind seems dumb I It must be-he is deadl le is dead!" He called anew all his energies to the task of listening. Every tick of the clock seemed to say something to him in intelligible language, now bidding him to hope-then assuring him mockingly that hope would not avail. And at last only one minute remained to him I Only one minute between him and free dom. and hope and happiness I His nerves were now strung to their ut most tension, his brain seemed on fire, his whole frame seemed paralysed, his hands hung listlessly frem his knees, and he looked as if frozen into that attitude of terror and apprehension. "Only one minute more I" Even as these words framed themselves upon his lips, in the midst of that profound silence, while Ilde bent nearer to him, more than ever frightened and wondering, there cime, with an emphasis at once startling and appalling-a crashing knock upon the door. CHAPTER II. A SUDDEN EOAsEIoENT,. At an earlier hour of the same day on which occourred the scenes detailed in the preceding chapter, in his office off one of the narrow London streets, was seated Jacob Jasper, the money-broker. The dim light of the declining afternoon entered feebly through the dusty window, revealing the in terior of the office, with its scanty furniture of a counter and two or three chairs. In the window, protected outside by a aloee net-work of iron wire, were displayed heaps of gold coins, bank-notes of every nationality, and the.other insignia of a money-changer's trade. This room, however, and its arrange ments, indicated only a small and compara tively insignificant part of the business. Beyond the office was a dingy little parlor, so ill-lighted from without that the gaslight was always kept burning, throughout even the brightest days. It was lighted now, and the fire burned dimly in the grate, casting a feeble glow over the worn Brussels carpet and the black stoffed chairs and sofas. This was the sancrtum sactorurm of the es tablishment, and it was here that Jasper carried on an extensive business as a money lender and usurer. Many a scion of a noble house found his way to this room, and many a reckless young fellow had relin. quished within its walls a luxurious future for the sake of present gain. The money-lender presented all the well known characterietics of the less noble of his race. He had the same shrewd, ferret eyes, the same hawk-like nose, the same thin lips, but his complexion had a peculiar tinge that irresistibly reminded the sensitive ob server of ghouls and vampires, it was so dull, so colorless, so opaque. At the moment we look in nupon him he was engaged in inspecting a ledger, which had just been submitted to him by his book keeper, a man considerably younger than himself, of the same nationality, and evi dently a near relation,judging by the strong resemblance between them. "Very well," was his comment, as he at length finished his investigation. "There are two hours more before it's time to shut, up,. and you can employ yourself on the Tressillian accounts. The old lord has been dead a month, and I hear that the young lord has just come back to England. He won't find himself so rich as he expects, I think." And he chuckled as if the thought was pleasant to him. "You know whereto find the papers, nephew ?" The book-keeper assented and went into the parlor, in one corner of which was a large fire-proof safe, in which was deposited the usurer's most valuable, papers, and a goodly store of ready money. Unlooking the ponderonus door, he sought among the the carefully lettered boxes for the required papers, found them, secured the same, and then returned to the oflice and engaged in his task. The usurer gave him some few directions, then tested his elbows on the counter and leaned his chin on his hands, giving himself up to speculations that deepened the look of shrewdness in his head-like eyes and pro. duced a satisfied expression about his month. For an hour or more the money-lender re mained silent and abstracted, while the busy scratching of the book-keeper's pen and the occasional rustling of his papers continued to be heard within the office, and from with out came the sound of the steady tramping of passers-by, the rolling of wheels, and the usual street busetle- none of which disturbed in the least the thoughtfulness of Jacob Jae. per, nor the labors of his nephew. But at length the former started up with an exclamation at the early approacb of evening and the unpleasantness of the weather, and proceeded to light the gae. He had cearcely accomplished the task when the street door opened, and a young gentleman hurriedly entered the ofice. "You are in, Jasper?" he exclaimed, with an air of relief. "You were out this morn ing when I called, and I feared I should not find you this evening. Can I see you alone for a few moments?" "Certainly, Sir Hugh," responded the usurer, rather coldly. "Be kind enough to come into the parlor." The young gentleman accepted the invi tation, passing into the back room in ad. vance of Jasper; as if the way were well known to him. The money-lender followed more slowly, closed the door behind them, and turned on the gas light to a greater brithtness, then stationed himself with his back to the fire. The visitor flung himself into a chair, and seemed at a los how to begin his errand. Hel'iis a noble-looking young fellow, scarcely three and twenty, tall and athletic, with broad shoulders, and a handsomely de veloped figure. His complexion was almost as fair and delicate as a girl's. His forehead was wide and moderately high, and above it waved carelessly a profusion of light brown hair. His eyes were as blue as forget-me. note, and there was an amount of tender ness in them and about the mobile mouth that was sadly contrasted with the wild and reckless expreEsion of his countenance. He was Sir Hugh Chellis, the represents tive of an old and proud Welsh family. On his coming of age, two years previous to the opening date of our story, he had found himself the possessor of the family title and a respectable rent-roll, in addition to a handsome bank account. Tired of his quiet home, and desirous of seeing something of the world, as he phrased it, he had come up to London, joined a club, and surrounded himself with a bhot of gay companions, many of them as ignorant of the world as himself, but the larger number of them were of that class who prey upon their richer neighbors. His extravagences became un bounded. lie indulged in Sybaritic enter tainments, purchased a stud of blood horses that would not have done discredit to a prince, entirely supported for a time half a dozen of his new friends; and, in corse quence, his bank account melted into no thing, his income was insufficient for his manifold wants, and he had at last been obliged to have frequent recourse to the usurer whom we have introduced to the reader. " I suppose, Sir 1Hugh," said the usurer, as the young baronet's hesitation still con tinued, after the lapse of a few moments, 0 that you have conime for a further loan ?" "Yes, that is it I" responded Sir Hugh, with an attempt at carelessness, yet with plainly perceptible anxiety. "I called last week, you know, and you promised to see shout the loan to-day. Can you let me have it ?" "Let me see," saidthe usurer, reflectively; " you want- how much ?" " Two thoneand pounds." "Two thousand pounds I Why, last week you said one thousand, Sir Hugh." "I know it, but every day since then has increaesed my needs. An army of bills has poured in, some of them so pressing that I hardly dare leave the house lest I should be arrested. The last horse I bought-High flyer, you know-died on my hands the other day, and the dealer declares he must have his pay for him immediately. There's a dead loss of three hundred pounds. I am in a great strait, Jasper, and I shan't mind the amount of interest-only I must have the money." The young baronet spoke earnestly and vehemently, and the uneurer compressed his lips and assumed an air of deeper thought fulnees. "The money-market is tight just now, Sir Hugh," he began. " So you always say, Jasper," interrupted the baronet, impatiently. "Let us come to business at once." "WVell then, Sir Hugh, to come to boui ness, I don't see how I can oblige you. You want a large sum, a very large sum, con sidering how much you owe me already. To lend you any more would be to expose my self to certain dangers of lose, and that of course is out of the question," and the money-lender tried to smile. "You are liv ing at an awful rate, Sir Hugh, for a young man without family. Why don't you out short your expenses somewhere f" " I did not come here to receive a lecture, Jasper," returned the young baronet, who had evidently not relinquished all hope of obtaining what he sought, and who there fore repressed his haughty distaste for his words. "True, Sir Hugh," said the money-lender, but you know 'the borrower is servant to him that lendeth,' "heagain smiled. "Iam looking out for my own interests now. You ought to retrench-sell off your horses and things--" "If I were to sell them all Ishould not get nearly enough to pay my debts," replied the young baronet, gloomily. "Iam sometimes inclined," he added, speaking more to him self than the usurer, "to go home to Hawk's Nest, and settle down to a hum-drum life. I am almost weary of this sort of existence. "It would be the best thing in the world you could do," declared the usurer, deliber ately. "It you would go home and economise you might retrieve your mistakes, and put your property where it was two years ago-though, of course, that is nothing to me." "I euppose not," and SirHugh's tone was slightly ironical. "But I can't go without the money, Jacob Jasper. I can't leave all my debts behind me, you know. Granting Chat my creditors would let me leave town, my name would be bandied about in a way that I could never endure. 01 course you were not serious in refusing me the loan. Think how much money I have paid you for interest--" "And think of what you own me at present, Sir Hugh. Think how you are running through your property, and how soon you will be a beggar." Sir Hugh started, an angry flush kindled on his fair cheeks, and he was about to utter a hanghty response, when his face soddenly paled, and he covered his face with his hands. The usurer's words had struok home I He had never thought of his folly and ex travagance as he had done that day, when alternating between hopes and fears as to the result of his proposed interview with the usurer. In his extremity he had applied to his gay friends for a loan of the money he required, and, to his astonishment, not one of them had granted his request, not one of them had listened to his story of em barrassment, into which they had helped to plunge him, not with even friendly sym. pathy. There was nothing more to be gained from him, and so they had left him to his fate. There was, therefore, under this mask of carelessness during his interview with the usurer, a disgust of the world, a reckless hatred of mankind, and a feeling of hopelessness that was akin to de. spair. S"Well," he said at last, lifting his head, " you won't lose anything by me, Jasper you've taken care of that. As to this loan, it will be sate enough. There are my expectations, ynou know----" "From whom, Sir Hugh f" quietly inquired the money.lender. "Why, from my great aunt, Miss Chellis. She is eighty years old, and nan't last much longer," and the young baronet's cheeks flushed with sudden shame at his own words oand thought. "She is immensely richb, you know, Jasper," he added, more hurriedly. " Her godmother left her a splendidfortane, and it's sure to come to me. "Not quite so sure, Sir Hugh," replied the usurer. "The trothis," andhe changed his position in order to get a better view of his visitor's face, " I asked for a little delay last week about this loan in order to find out your standing with Miss Chellie. I sacnt a man down to Hawk's Nest--" 'You didl Well?" " He made a few inquiries in a quiet way, and discovered that Miss Chellis had heard of your goings-on in London, and was very angry about them, and about your not hav ing bEen to see her for a year. She has de clared her intention to leave all she has to found a mission, or some Each thing, and, as near as my man could find out, her new will is made, leaving you only enough to buy you a mourningring." The young baronet's blue eyes shone with a wild light, and his pale face deepened in its expression of recklessness. He strove to conceal the wound he had received, but his sudden trembling betrayed him. "Then it seems I am ruined," he said, after a pause, trying to laugh, but failing lamentably. " Well,I am not the first who has been ruined, Jasper, or has learned the fact in this rrom of yours. Ruined I" The money-lender was too accustomed to witness the despair of his visitors to par ticularly heed that of Sir Hugh. So, in a business tone, he said: "There is one way to get out of your trouble, Sir Hugh, and only one that I can see. You ought to marry arich wife." "Rich wives generally require rich hus bands," returned Sir Hugh, with a wild laugh. "So you utterly decline the loan, Jasper ?" "Utterly, Sir Hugh," was the firm reply. "I can't lend you a shilling more, and you won't find a broker in the city who will ac. cept any security you may offer. Our busi. ness is concluded, I suppose?" Accepting the hint, the young baronst arose and endeavored to assume a nonchalant air, although his step was almost tottering as he moved toward the door. lie made some slight remark, scarcely conscious of what he said, bade the money. lender cood evening, and passed out through the crfi:e, shrinking with painful sensi tivaness from the glance of the book kteper. le did not breathe freely until he had gained the street. And then he paused by the window to re cover his ca)mness and comprehend his situation. Ilis wild gaze fell upon the pile of wealth behind its secure iron grating, and he thought feverishly of how much good that money would do him, and how much he had rquandered in things that were worse than useless. "Oh, if I could only live it all over again I" he murmured. "No money, no friend,, no hope 1 I am indeed bankrupt I Ruin in--ruined-" He paused as his now wandering gaze fell upon a delicate, womanly figure standing near him. He saw that the face was veiled. and that it was turned toward the display in the window, but he was also aware that un less she was deaf, she must have heard his words. Without bestowing another glance upon her, he turned and etrede down the street. He had proceeded but a short distance when be became conscious that the woman was following him, that at one moment she was at his side, scanning his facefrom behind her thick veil, and at the next she had fallen behind him, as though overcome with timidity. Annoyed at the incident, Sir Hugh stopped abruptly in a quiet and retired part of the street, upon the side least traversed, and turned upon his follower, exclaiming: " Do you wish to speak to me, madam ?" The veiled figure seemed to shrink within itself at this demand; but, after a brief hesi tation, a timid, hurried, but musical voice said: " I-I beg your pardon, air--bt are you married 1" Sir Hugh stared at the woman on hearing this singular question; but he was too thoroughly depressed to long indulge in his feeling of surprise. "No, I am not married, thank Heaven I" he exclaimed, with his usual recklessness. "Are you engaged to be married ?" persis ted the questioner, her voice fluttering with increasing timidity. Making up his mind that his singular ac quaintance had received an injury at some period to her intellectual faculties, Sir Hugh replied : "No, madam; lam not even engaged to be married." " You willthink my conduct very strange," said the fluttering voice, " and I am afraid it is really so. You have a good face, a kind face, and you are evidently a gentleman. Yes, I will trost you," and the voice grew stronger and more determined. "I heard what you said to yourself at the window yonder, and I conclude you are in need of money." "In great need of money, madam," re turned the young baronet, determined to humor the supposed lunatic, simply becauee her singular behavior and words diverted his mind from himself. "I have run through 'a fine property,' as a particular friend of mine has just informed me, and I am about to devote a little time to the consideration of the best means of ridding myself of an existence which--" " Is it so bad as that I" asked the veiled lady, a thrill of hope and joy running through her voice. " Why do you not marry a rich wife ?" ",Because, madam, rich wives are not to be had for the wishing; besides, a lady might very naturally object to marry a poor man, and then pay off his debts," "Yes, but if a rich lady would do sot" "I would marry her at once," declared Sir Hugh, in a tone of exaggerated polite ness. " I have a proposition to make to you," said the lady, with gathering agitation. " But first-your name?" " Sir Hugh Chellis." The veiled lady started on hearing the name, and said, hurriedly : "My proposition is this: Circumstances demand that I shall be married before three days more elapse. I have no suitors, and I am obliged to select a husband for myself, unmaidenly as such a course may seem. I am wealthy and would bestow upon you at the altar ten thousand pounds, with forty thousand pounds additional three days hence. Will you marry me?" To say that 'Sir Hugh was astonished at this proposition would be to understate his emotion. He was amazed; all the more so because there was a calmnees and collected. ness of manner about the veiled lady that put to flight his hastily conceived idea that she was insane. "Our marriage would be but a marriage in name," continued the lady, anxiously. "We should separate at the altar, and never loos upon each other's face again. I should make that my first stipulation. Do you consent ?" "Really, this is such an unprecedented affair 1" said the bewildered baronet. "I know nothing about you, madam; and, pardon me, the ladies of our name have al ways been-" "Ladies of position you would say," re marked the veiled lady as he found himself unableto finish the snentence. " Idon't doubt it, but 1 am not less so than they." She spoke with such a proud accent that it carried conviction into the soul of Sir Hugh. "I suppose, then," he said, awkwardly, "you are very ugly t" "You shall see for yourself," was her re sponee. They were standing not far distant from a gas lamp, and she suddenly flung back her veil and revealed her face to him. Sir Hugh uttered an exclamation of as tonishment. For she was marvellously beautifol, with eyes of midnighte blackness, black hair, a marble.like complexion, a delicate aquiline nose, and with alovely tender month. There was nothing but purity and good ness, except melancholy, expressed in that charming face, and looking at her, even the inexperienced Sir Hugh felt that he could have sworn to her innocence and wo:ibiness to become his bride. She drew down her veil before he hai time to fix even one feature in his mind, and said: "Think, Sir Hugh, youn should have fifty thousand pounds-ten thousand before our marriage. We should never meet egain on earth, and I would even never consent to bear your name. All that I ask, therefore, would be that you should meet me to mar row morning at St. Mary's Churchl, near here, going there alone, with aspoci.l license, when we could he married, and go our separate way. D3 Uon oonsent " Sir Hugh hesitated but a moment. This unprecedented offer seemed to him a direct interposition from heaven in his favor, and he accepted it as elch. He informed the veiled lady that he consented to her terms, swore to observe them faithfully, and de clarcdthat he should not fail to keep the ap pointment. He had earcely finished when the unknown disappeared in the deepening gloom, and he continued hin roate home ward, his tenses in a whirl, and only half conccious that he was engaged to marry in a few hours a woman he bad never seen be fore, whose named he did not know, and whose being was wrapped in impenetrable mystery. CHAPTER III. A REMARKABLE BRIDAL. Near the heart of the busy city, standing in a retired and narrow street, was the little church indicated by the mysterious lady who had offered so strangely to become the wife of Sir Hugh Chellis. It was overshadowed by tall buildings en every side, and was but an humble-looting little edifiea, though the time I-ad been when the rustling of silk bad been heard in its aisles ; prosperous trades men, with their portly wives and lasre fami lies had filled the great high-b.lcked peews, and the lofty old-fashioned double pulpit had been occupied by a pnpularyoungclergyman. A deaf old curateofliciated there now, and his eoogrcgstion consisted of the superannuated pew opener, and a few old people who had worshipped between its gray walls in their youth, and who would not give up the time honored practice now. Upon the morning emonbquent to the ecenes detailed in the preceding chapter the door of the church stood s!ightly nmar, and there was a faint sound from within of eweeping and dusting. The old pew-opener, with a look of pleasant interest on her grim face, moved about polishiog the chancel railing, brushing tihe wren carpet, and en deavoring to pot a better face on everything. At length all was finished to her liking, the dusters and brushes concealed in a seldom used pew, and she seated herself open the pulpit steps and looked expectantly toward the door. "It's along, long time since there's been a wedding here," she muttered. " I never was so took aback in my life as when the hand some young gentleman came to me this morning and told me to open the church and be secret as death about it. He gave me a guinea, too, to keep the secret, because he didn't want any strangers in here. Well, things do happen curious sometimes." It was already past nine; the curate now made his appearance, and expreseed his sur prise that the young couple whom he had been summoned to unite at that hour had not arrived. He then passed into the vestry, followed by his clerk-a man much lcder than himself. It was near ten when Sir Hugh Chellis stole into the dim aisle, his attire a sort of compromise between the ordinary street dress and bridal garments. Ilo wore a black frock coat, but a white waistcoat and gloves. The latter he drew on after entering the edifice. He looked relieved to find that his bride was not awaiting tm, and said something to the old woman to the effect that he had some difficulty and delay in procuring a special license, but that everything was now in readiness to far as he was concerned. His face was pale, and the usually reckless expression of his features occasionally gave place to a look of extreme seriousness and gravity. He had begun to think of the strange adventure he had entered upon, but he had decided to pursue it to the end. His affairs within the last twelve hours had assumed an aspect of desperation. He had returned to his chambers in a kind of maze on the preceding evening, but had been aroused from it on discovering a pile of bills which awaited him. Iie glanced them over wearily, noted the threatening tone of his creditors, and congratulated himself upon the mysterious good fortune awaiting him on the morrow. And then it suddenly occurred to him that he would probably fail in procuring a special license unless he were able to give the name of his intended bride. For an hour or two he pondered over this dilemma, but the same idea had evidently occurred to the heroine of his adventure, for the postman, on his last round, brought him two letters, one of which bore the city mark, and was from the mysterious lady. Sir Hugh examined the missive curionely before opening it. The postmark showed that it had been posted at the station nearest to the place where they had met. "It must be from her," was his unspoken thought. "She stepped into a stationer's on her way home. The appearance of the letter, though, affords no clue to her identity." He opened the envolope and hastened to read the inclosed note. It was brief, written in a clear, delicate hand, evidently disguised, and read as follows: - " Sm Huan-1 forgot that my name might be necessary in procuring the license. I am Adah Holte." "Is she, indeed " Sir Hugh remarked, ironically, the name being utterly strange to hin ears. "Iam happy to know it, however. She might have had a worse name. Nowlet me see who is my other correspondent." The second letter was' dared at Hawk's Nest, and here the signature of Dorothy Chellis, his great.aunt. After the com. menieation made to him by the usearer, Sir Hugh was not surprised at the contents of the epistle. First his kinswoman reproached hbim for being a spendthrift, and a disgrace to his ancient and honorable name, and then informed him that he need no longer con sider himself her heir, as she had made an. other will, leaving her fortune to found a new African mission. This Jetter worked up the mind of the young man to a wilder recklesness than he had ever before evinced. This supported him throughout the preparations necessary for his intended marriage on the following morning, and did not once desert him until he had entered the little churob.h; There the dim light or the sepulchral air partly sobered him, but he had no wish to retreat from his compact with the unknown. His old life, fullot false friendships, debts, and stinted resources, could not tempt him to bieak his faith with her. He said to him self, let her be abho and what she would, she offered him a fortune which he would be foolish not to accept. He turned from the old pew-opener and walked up and down the narrow aisles, be tween the rows of high-backed pews, ap parentlyoengaged in examining the quaint windows with their tiny panes of stained Sglass, and pausing now and then before a memorial window, which was the pride and delight of the old woman's heart. But he was not thinking of the art of Sglass-staining, nor admiring the memorial Swindow. He was trying to evade a thought that would intrude itself upon his mind a doubt of the lady who sought to become his bride. 1 Perhaps abshe had done some wrong, and Ssought to hide her identity under his name. SBut no, that could not be, as she had offered never to call herself by the name his mother had borne. Perhaps she was a criminal, an I adventuress--bt no, her face was too Spure and innocent to allow of such suapi. I sions.-(To kco?sliuemtd.) 