1 novelist. I THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; lady Chetwyiid's Spectre ? CHAPTER XVII.—(CoNTtNUED.) ? Bv \Iks. IIaeuiet Lewis. " No," said Bernice, " I cnnnot acknow leilco that 1 nm Lmly Cbctwj-nd." ??It isn't necessary. I know you. Who rencueil you from yourcoJln J 1Vn9 it Oil- bert Monk? What was the matter with ? you in your illness? How came he to rescue you 7" ?? Why dci you ask mc all thes3 questions V lukeil ISi'ruicu. " I cannot answer them. Let mc go. Let mo go, I say." "I'.y no moaus. I haven't begun to spnak to yoii yet. We are liliply to hu interrupted lierc," said. llagci-. " Come with mc. Do not ? haii? bach. I shall not hurt you." tihe grasped Bernice'e arm yet more tightly rikl hurried her forward , with swift im patience. They plunged intoportions of the g park which Bernice had never visited. And g at lost they camo out upon tho border of a M lovely little lake, formerly much used in 8 winter by tho Chetwyuda nnd their guests I msi stating pond. d llie hike was lower than tho surfaco of t> the purk, and was enclosed by high banks, & which were covered with Htr.tely trees. Tho H honlcrs o! the lr.ke were in shadow, but ! ts g centre lay in the full sheen of the moon ji Jifbt, and looked like, somo great pellucid ;5. pcnrl. s5 There was upon one bank of the lake a j$ small overhanging chalet ot the Swish order ?i of nrchittcture, which baa been built for the I-j inc. pf ukatets in winter. Its lower story >?': opened directly from .tho lake, and wae ;> warmed in tim'o of use by a little Germau ?J purcclnin stove. Its upper Btory, reaohed t'l upon the landward side by a. flight of J! BUirs, was proviued with a great wuln il bslcuny across its entire front, where <:i fptiituicrs had been wont to sit and view tho i] ? akalers. M Tlie upper room of the chalet way com f; pletcly furnWu-d, and wr.a upually kept '\ ? locici. Old Hagee had lately supplied her- H ncif with this keya of the building, with a h" Tiew to her present ufc of it. \\) Sbo bnlf led, half dragged her victim H up the long, airy (light of outside etaire ;?) to Uic upniT balcony of the chalet. The i-i roof was Wide anil projecting, anil the bal ij cony lay in deep elmdow. The Hindoo hur p ricd liernice aiuiig tn thu ffloom to the door tlint pive upon the upper room, nnd there ;j halted. T;-,<:rc were rustic chairs and ?':?( eofaa in profusion upon tho wide balcony. '.?J 2iagee seated her captive upon a sofa and 7j eat down beside her, keeping n close hold ;j upon her. :3 They were upon tbo water-side of tho "?1 ouihlinp, nni.l tlio entire structure conccnicd ?| thtm from view from the direction whence 3 they hnd come. Tho lake lay before them, '.J Rtirt w.TS under their very balcony, nnd be ?:| yui-1 were tlie derl; and wooded shorrs also ?A belonging to the pnrk. Kagce shot a keen ?'?S ftmr.ee into those distant nliudovrs, and then, '. ovcrhriDcing room she could not be seen even ;'| f mm the lake, eho turned again to her young 0 Ciptivc. ?: "Wo arc alone," she said, in a 1 vcicu that thrilled Itcrnico with a Btrango 1 !"'f,,, " Alouo ' n, - v 'Do * ou cotn P? :\ hend / J "Yus," faltered livrnice. "Ws are nlono." 3 " Are ton afraid 7" ] "Xu. Why should Ibe 7 Hut it is all ij so B'.range. Let mo go, 3>aj>ce. Oh. let mc Jt Bo I" " Tncre, you have confessed in tho titter- J ance of toy name, that you aro Lady Chct- A wjn.l. Sow I auk you again, and I ask it for i the k,t time, what wa 3 the matter with you ?| in yourillneos ??? ? 4 l) e *ttruc'i n. taper, which rliq drew from ] B bi.j in her pocket, nnd held the light to J the Lirl's fiici:. Tlie face was vcr3* pale from 1 emotion and wcarinc-Es, but there was a :} bravo nnd dauntlc.M light npon it, that ? ?minatcd from n brave iin-1 dauntlcps soul. ? Ami though Bcrsilci;, a.i before, refused to ! anawcr tho <iucstiim, tlio old Hindoo v.-oman j jearclic-.l htr fc.-.ttires in vain for any i kncw'ol[. o of ft,o wicked attempt's ? ?IK'nlier!adyr.t:in-Hlife. It wiideviilant that ', Monk had not b^trayed to her his sister'u , ? j B3!It. i "Itjoii rrai" to n?l; n:c those questionn i i>l! nieht," f --d n.-rnice, ?? I still cmiM n-t ?, ?n>wcr you. You aro wasting time on 1 S-mcthinr; of tho tniili b-ran to dravr on thcmind of the .-ututc F.-h' In.'in. woman. ,'( Shi! bvran f. prrc.iv. lhat Hemic-! wr.n ; fettu t .l by „„,.,. ,„,,„,!,.. ~i v, ,, .„ Gilbert ?? ?.ril." . I -: i,;c,1,i >' 1,,1 wm '"???? pi"'- *'"= pi- 1 I "Ipuppiw,.," u, u .,.,. hn \,\ r0 ,,..h1y, "that I ynu bib bound by ei ,m e ontii. my ln.ly j , y V n !- "'?? y-v.l ,d.,in, T nt Chetwvnd I'nrk I Piajini; f h.-..ii? You have c'mn.-ed, gr.iwn ? j I Lcmitifai, i,,,,, I supiMis-. ; but wlia't will ?j F"?r ( r7 IVrhnns you think J '?. vrm b:,,-l-. j,,,, u,,-,ner husband 7 l'im ?j i&tixz;" 11 Uy to wiQ w '* rour loat "J XiiQli;-ht o£ t!, u taper lliukrr.-d and went ihcriind-in woman cukl rut roc how her ?- w..r.) 9 .uected her l lt .->r?r, and went on ?:;?;' K n-atly nnnnyod al .Hi" !,r ' u:ite <'- And it is natural that it A sfcnuKl Be „,.,-? continued the old Hindoo =1 woaaa.wiii, a :i-eo intonation. "When A P'OP I " die. they should stay dead. Tho :| coitTioleat uricf will wear owoy, and tho mourners fill ti:u .Und (~„??„ ~lace with a new liiw.niiJ the ri.-l.uru of the ilca-.l to lifo i:.|r. I'm .orry f,,r.yo,.","ray lady, but foV'the" Bake rf others I must tell you tho truth. Lord.Chi-twynd don't want you back. He ihlinj.py v,-iLh liin first love, and flhu n'lorcfl l.iin. Y,iu will come back to tbu liome whero you have long since ceased to he mUsud, and wliero ' you nrc not wanted. Y0,..r return to lifo and home will create morn misery than your o-jppo3cd death." -livery word of this speech pierced to Bcruicu's very eoul, vet she did not cry nor moan. Tho words weru but a repetition of tho?e with which Gilbert Monk had so cruelly stabbed hrr. It was as bo had said— her place was Oiled, ami she was forgotten. The girl arose—Kagee loosening her grip upon her—and walked unsteadily up the low railing of tho balcony end leaned upon it. She was too weak to attempt an escape. . The old woman rratcbed her eomo mo ments with n singular gliam in her eye?, nnd a look of hatred so intense that it was odd tbo girl could not feel it. Then Eagoe roso Bilently nnd crept across tho balcony toward the girl till ehn arrived within Bomo three or four feet of her. And then, with the bound of a wild beast, and an inarticu late cry on her lips, she burled herself for ward upon tho slender girl, caught her up in her arms, aud flunpr her over tho balcony into the waters of the lake. Bernice'fl scream nnd her splash in tbo cold water were simultaneous. Old lififjt-u leaned upon tho balcony, and looked over in the darkness. She was not prepared for the sight that met her ?yep. Heiniee wan striking out with one. arm ?feably, but with the a!iill of n Fwlmmur, for a "distant point of the shore. Tho girl's instinct warned her to avoid tbo bank!) adjacent to the cbalet, where her enemy would bo likely to prevent her lr.nd in &. .. ? .. . The o'd woman muttered a curse in her native tongue. "She can swim like a flsb," ehe muttered. " I had furgotttn that eho was taught to row and swim and sail a.boat at St. Kilda. She strikes out for thn deeper water. Bhe seems to laud at that jungle-like point yonder. Wl.at courage 1 What coolness I She'll outwit mc yet. Ah, ehe begins to ilapr- She uses, but one arm in swimming, Why in that? Sim mujt havo struck the other on that pile of stnnes just under the surfaco of tlie water. Terbaps her arm ia broken. She fitopn. She is hurt, or chilled, or has a cramp 1 * She was right. Bernice had ceased to ex ert herself. She Coaled on the water as if helpless, aud then threw up one arm wildly. The next moment, with a wild scream, Bho Bank slowly in the dark waters, which closed above ber. " Sheia drowned I" muttered tbo Hindoo woman, with a jubilant laugh. "I'll come to look for her body in the morning, and every day until I find it. So one must ever know that she came back to life. I rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, that I have frus trated your schemes. The ghost of Chet wyud Park is laid, nnd my Missy will be Lady Chctwynd, with no one to molcat her. We'll see how my lady will raise from her grave the second time." With a horrih'.o laugh on her shrivelled lips, the old Hindoo Woman flitted down the stepa of the balcony ond plunged into the shadows of the park, taking a homo ward direction, ond leaving Bernice to her fate I CHAPTER XVill. DKrARTUItE KECKSSARV. We will now return to Lord Chotwynd, whom we left Hying-through Ohetwynd Parkin pursuit of tbo eupposed spectre of hia lust young bride. When Beruice had turned aside into a yet more ohseuio path, tho young marquis dashed on in the wider avnnue, unconscious that she had changed ber course, nnd soon left her far behind, ns we havo narrated, Hin progress was toward tho great house; and when nt length ho olackenerl hie speed, with the conviction that tho npparition had indeed vanished, he was in the edge of tbo park, npon tho very border of the wooded lawn. ?He halted a moment in indecision and be. wildt-rment. And just then Gilbert Monk came across tlie lawn with n swift stride, and approached him. Lord Chctwynd, in his excitement arid agitation shrank back into tho shadow, net caring to bo ?een ; but Monk had caught a glimpse of the ontlines of his dark figure, and called to him softly, and iv a suppressed " Hallo, then:! Ia it you, Flnck ? I've tracked my unrae into the pnrk. We must look lively— Ah I —tho devil I Is it you, my lord ?" Hia swift stride had brought him close to tho marquis. 110 recoiled in horror as he recognised his lordship, and grew deadly palo lcat he hnd betrayed himself. But the marquis had ncnrcely heard Monk's singular address, and hnd certainly given no heed to it. He was absorbed in hie own be wildering experience, nnd had no thought save for that. " Have you seen anything—anybody— coming this way, Monk?" asked hi 3 lordship. "Not a soul, my lord," answered Monk, eagerly. "Aro you looking, for some one?" ? ? Yes—no. It must have been my imagi nation —no, I swear it was not that. I can not explain or understand it, but I saw her again but now, Gilbert, in the park I" .. j/ cr —liernicu? Impossible, my lord. You munt have seen one of the house-maids " What I Do I not know every feature of tho face that has lain so often in my b^om? the fuco that ia graven or. my very Koul 7 I tell you I saw her. Monk. She flitted on before mc and vsaished Into the shadows." ?? Where did you see the fancied eccptre 7" " Iv the Little lieecli Walk, just out of the Becoh Avenue." " I'll take a run in that direction just to satisfy you, Chetwyr.d, that tho appearance was that of a house-maid', or clao a hallnol nr.tir,n. You should get into tho house im mediately and sit by the riro, Ohetwynri. Let Sylvia d'ofo yon a' little. I am persuaded that you arc not woll." Without waiting for a response, Gilbert Muni; turned nw.iy abruptly nnd hurried to the Little 11.-ech Walk and to its junction with tlin Beech, Avenue—two well-known points in the extensive and well-kept park. Ho followed the Walk to its junction with Mic narrower and obscure path into which Pernio** Kid turned. He paused here, with a conviction that liernico had plunged into this path. .So stroni; wns his conviction that he utruc:!: a fusee and by its licht ci amim-d narrowly tho Dim-lowed path Into v.-hich but few beams of moonlight peno- Ilia keen eyes speedily discovered traces nf the MriicT ,T !c between the old Hindoo wimian.in'.l I^'mlce. "I nc," he muttered. "She has been 1,,. rc —r.ml no has semeone else. There are n-arke of a struggle, t'inclt niuat have seen and captured her. Tlmfa it. Kho 13 in l-'lacV's bands. Hut where has he taken her? He would naturally carry her to the most si-clu.led up" , - within r. reasonable distance. Hi- lii" iiriibol'lv taken her to tho skaters' chslcVl. v tl.c Wide Waters. He ha-! try* to the chalet, which I procured for him. les, NvHlimit iui inatnnt'o further delay he fiiinu' his burned-out fnsec upon the ground, an,i -truck out through tho park by a short cul toward the eltntnrs'chalet. As he ncared hi. .icHination, a ttil.l ocri'am that uttered by Bernico as Bho fell int.) the lake from the balcony of tho chalet, when hurled over the parapet by tho old Hindoo woman—smoto bis hearing. hi? epeed into a tun.'mat- I terin/* " Carse that dolt ! Why dors he Idt her yi:ll liki! that? Una ho menu to li-t her uruuni' t!ic f.'mntr '1 Unttwvnd may bo be hind mc, for mit;hi 1 know. Why doesn't l'l.ick Kaifthi: girl. , " He almost (lew along the path in his eager catch the Bound of voices or a repetition o the scream. He raw nothing in bio pathwin —heard nothing. But suddenly—so suddenly as to depriv. him of his breath—ho tamo In ahrupt and forcible, contact with a person running in tho opposite direction. This person was old llngee. The collision was equally unex pected to her, and burled her to the ground half Renseless. Monk caught his brenth and put hie hand to his chest, against which the old Hindoo woman's head had bounded as if projected from a catapult. He believed that tho par tially stunned creature at bis feet was Ber niee, who had escaped from Flbck. Ho bent over the prostrate figure, and the old woman made an effort to arise. " Bernicc," unid Monk, in a gasping voice, "arc you hurt? Good Heaven I" A etray beam of moonlight full upon the dnll red turban and duaky visa K e of the old Ilindoo ayah, revealing her identity most unmistakably. He stood as if paralysed, as ehe slowly roia to her feet moaning feebly. " What are you doing here, and at thie hour?" demanded Monk. " What arc you after, Engee ?" The old woman unclosed her lipa to make rcsponnc, but at that inemnt came ngain the shrill, frightened scream of a woman in mor tal peril. Monk waited to ask no questions. lie comprehended that Hernicc was in danger. He swept the cowering old Ilindoo woman from his path with nne powerful arm, and bounded on toward the borders of the lake. He gained the brink. He directed one keen, sweeping glance at tlio chalet, and then scanned the lake, upon wbosn surface, trees, lay the broad sheen o£ the palo moon light. Ah I what was that 1 A dusky head in the bright skimmer of the moonbeams ? A human head bobbing like a oork upon the waters 7 It rose—it fell! And now a low, shuddering cry came from it. And now it began to sink slowly under the shimmering waters I Monk did not wait to reason, or to think how Bernica came to be in the lake, nnd bo faroui. Ho saw Ibat eho was there, and pulled off his boots and coat nud plunged into the lake, striking out and making to ward her with tbo skill, and ewiftness of a etrong nnd powerful swimmer. He wa3 soon at her side. Her eyes were staring, She looked like one dead. Ho drew her to him with one arm nnd strnck out for tho little submerged pier under the chalet. He pained the pier and climbed npon it, Btill holding hie bnrdeu tightly. Ho waded along the pier to the lower.door of the chalet, in tlie shadow of the wide projecting balcony overhead. He produced keys from liis pocket and unlocked the door, and en tered the lower room oC the ehrvlet. He staegered across the room with his burden nnd laid her down upon the sofa in the darkness. Then he secured the door and struck a fusee. By its light he obtained from a corner closet a lantern, which he lighted. He turned tbo light of thie lantern fall upon the face of the half-drowned S ">- She looks like dead," ho muttered. "I£ ehe is dead, my name ia up 1 My fortunes hang on ber life !" In n great panic ho felt her pulse, and laid his hand above her heart. He could just distinguish the feeble pulsations, and he knew Hint she lived. Setting down the lantern, ho hurried again to the closet. Here wns kept various stores for the use of the skaters, and various reme dies in case of accident. Monk found them all. He poured a draught of brandy into a tumbler, and forced it between the girl'e white lips. He chafed her hands, even whilo ho shivered with cold and excitement. And presently her staring eyes relaxed their etony, unmeaning pnze, and her form quivered, and n great throb at her heart sent the blood bounding through all her veins / and nrterics, quickening the pulses at her Wriet and reddening the death-pale cheeks and lips. Monk redoubled his exertions, chafing her delicate hands and pouring yet more bramly down her throat. She choked n. little, coughed, and uttered a low mnan, "Bernice I" cried Monk, softly—"Bernice, Bpcak to mc." ? The young marchioncM turned her eyes upon him in a glance of recognition, and feebly uttered hin name. "Yes, Hie I—Gilbert," he miid. "Why do you look around you in eudden fear ? No one can barm you, Bernice. I found you drowning. I saved your life to-nigbt for the sccoVi'd time. There, don't speak, Ber nice. I'll have a lire directly, and Ret tho better of the chill that is on us both." In audition to the German porcelain stove, there was a" grate in the lower room of tho chalet. Gilbert Monk found a few bundles of fagots tn the closet, and soon had a fire blazing on tho hearth. Tho resinous odor of pine filled the room with fragrance. Tho subtle heat penetrated to every corner. " Sow, Bernice," said Monk, approaching her, " let mc load you a few turns about the room. You ore wenl:, I know, but those wet garments will gives you your death. Come I" lie lifted her gently from the sofa, and supporting her carefully, led her to and fro the ronrr.. She leaned un him heavily. Her ?white sill; robo, onturated with water ,clung to her and lay upon the floor in dis oolorcd folds. Her wet hair hung over lier bare arms' gleam.:*? like wet marble. After a few turns about the room, Bernice snt down again upon the sofa, white with pain, " I hurt my arm falling from the bal cony," she said. "It pains "mc. Is it broken!" It wns her left arm. Monk examined it with solicitude. No bone was broken, but the wrist was sprained, and tbo urn was badly bruised. * "I can do nothing for it," ho said. " You munt not use the arm, Bernice. It is a simple sprain, but requires a Foothinp: lini ment. It will bu all richt in a week, if it is well cared for, and it shall be my buaincso to boo that it is properly tended. Do you know where you a'.o, Bernicc 7" " Yes ; in the chalet," answercl Bernico, looking around her with the first token of interest in her surrounding which she had vet displayed. And then she told him of her encounter with Itajree, and tho old ayab'fl attempt to kill her by tossing her into the lake. Monk started. Tie hod forpotten until this moment,- in the preater excitement of the rc?cue and resuscitation of Bernicc, of his meeting and collision with tho old East In dian woman. Bcrnico noticed how bis face whitened. Monk took a solitary turn or two nbout the room. The conviction that old Kagec lmd pitted herself against him was by. no means plenoant. A portion o£ bis secret was laid baro to the ayah and ins sister, find tic began to ftnt that they would contrive to cheat him out of the. prizo for which he wi.s striving. 110 knowr the old Hindoo woman to be rr.or? subtle tlia:i .". serpent, nr.d ho hardly dared hope that he might outwit her. lie was afraid of her. " licmico," ho ea.id, abruptly, " who is your best friend ?" "Toa are, tho young marchioness nn nwered, simply, with a childlike trust in him that ought to have appealed to hie better nature. " Ycfl, I u> your beat friend, Bernicc. I rescued you £rom your very pravo. I found a safe and pleasant home I have ?proved wf true, friendship for you, Willi you truot mo to tho uttermost, Eeraicet Will you befcl my wi.:>i<?, nn'l let mc tal; you buck In Maw'r Cislle?" The girl's face grew paler, but she relied l.rovc-ly : ?? I owe you you say, Cill.'jrt. Vu.l if y"ou wish. 1 will po back to Walts— iid —an-l leave Uoy and the dear home I .T.VO loved—and—and all—" -And tlio murderous old Hindoo ayah, vlio will not rest until ebc destroys your .ifo I" interposed Gilbert Monk ; " that is, if you remain here. I must get you out of her reach. Tho old creature is devoted to Hylvia, and she knows ttmt Sylvia is be trothed to Cnetwynd, and sho fears that you mean to prevent their marriage. Their marriage would be legal, of course— you be ing dead in lav after yon have been buriud as dead but your reappearance wonld cause a scandal. Besides, Sylvia has too much generosity to marry Roy if she knew yon to bo living- And so this misguided old creature, having discovered that you live, and desiring to secure. Chotwynd'e and Sylvia's bappinees, made up her mind to re move you. Sho won't rest until sho has ac complished her intention, unless I hido yon " Tbon take mo baok to Wales. Take mc away, Gilbert, this very night." " Mre. Crowl ?* over at Eastbourne in lodgings, and Flack is somowhere about the grounds. I will Bend him to Chetwynd-by- Bea. for a fly, and you shall be driven over to Eastbourne to Sire. Crowl'a lodging!.. You can remain in her rooms until to-mor row evening, and then proceed to veiled or disguised, by tbe express. Mrs. Crowl and Flack will take you baok to the co?tle." ?? My clothce are wet," said Bernico. " I ara very uncomfortable, and I should not like to appirr.r ?t Eastbourne as I am now. My cloak was carried oil by old Kiigce. I have a travelling-bag filled with a change of garments in tho little garret over the toe er attic, Gilbert, and my travelling dress aud hat are there also. Can you get them to " I will go for them, andchnnge my own garments at once, while l-'lack goes for a carriago. You will remain here, Bcrnicc 1 You will not give mc the Blip asonco before, I trust." " No. I will be here when you return. Oh, Gilbert, do you think old Ilagee will come back to see if I am drowned ?" "Sho may bo lurking about the place now. Keep the doors locked in my absence. 1 will give you my revolver to defend yourself in caeo of nesil. The old woman cannot penetrate into the chalet, Bernice. Keep uptlm firn, and your courage as will. I well be back in half an hour." A few more words were spoken, and Gilbert Honk then left the chalet. He ?waited outsido until Bernico hnd locked the door, nnd ho then went around the houHe, examining all the fastenings with singular nervousness. " It's all right," he Raid to himself. " She is safe in there. Ragco has no keys to tho chalet, of course. liernice is brave, too, and can defend herself if need arises. And yet I'm uncaay. I would rather the ayah had not made tho discovery that Bernico lives. Sho won't rest until she destroys ber, unices I hide the girl beyond her reacb. I have got a eerpent to deal with, and must bo subtle as she." Bcrnice hod been alone but a few momente in the little Swiss chalet when she heard a Scculiar scratching at the door by which [onk had departod. She wan lying down at the moment upon the sofa in front of the delicious fire, tho beat penetrating through her wet garments to her very vitals, but when Hie low Bound reached her hearing she half raised herself, cresting her small, noble head, nnd waited in n palo expectancy for further demonstrations. She knew that tho Bound had been pro duced by old liagce. She know that the murderous old Hindoo woman bad observed Monk's departure, and was now prowling about tho chalet, like an infuriated tigress, seeking some place of ontranco. " I can defend myself against her," thought the young marchioness. " Gilbert will Boon bo back, and until then I can Btnnd a siege." She grew paler in the very moment of makinc this assurance to herself as she lecognir.cd tho clinking Bound produced by tbc contact of metal with metal. It flashed upon her like a revelation that the old Hindoo woman possessed keye to the chalet. In that case it would seem that eho wm at Kafco'a mercy. She knew, instinctively, after hearing tho sound of clashing metal, that Kngee was en deavorinc to fit a key into the lock and to push out the key already in. With new-borno strength, she Bprang up from her sofa and flew to the door. She had hardly gained it when tho key on tho inner side dropped from the lock. As quick as a flash Bernico thrust the key back into its socket and turned it, holding it with all her strength. A low growling sound without attested that Kugeo know her presence and dcsign? discovered. Bcrnice cast a quick glance toward the hearth. Bundles o£ fagots and eticke were Btrewn there, and nho singled out one which Bho thought might bo used to strengthen her defence, and thrust it through tho loop handle of the key, resting the point of the etirk on the Door. Then she inclined her ear, listenip; eagerly. She heard a lov suppressed breathing outside and knew that old Rngeo was crouching there and waiting. A few minutes passed, nnd then tho cun ning old East Indian woman Boftly attc?mpted to turn tbo girl's key in tho lock. In vain. ?liernicc'B ready wit had proved more than equal to the emergency. The key could not bo turned, and consequently could not be pushed out of tlin lock. ' - ? ' Tbcro wns a smothered Bound as if impre cations in tbc Hindoo tongue, and then lier nico beard the old woman creep Btealthily "She ie climbing the outside atair," thought the girl, following in her mind every Btcp taken by her enemy. " She creeps along the balcony. She unlock 3 tho door of the upper room. Ah ! now I hear her steps above mc. Bhe seems to descend the inner stnirn, unlock thp door at tho foot yonder, anil burst in npon mc." . The girl flew across tho room to tho fnr corner, in which the light inner epiral staircase, was inclosed,-in ft epneo corres ponding to the three corner closet. The door was closed but the key was not in tho lock. Tho girl, it seemed, wtis thus at the old Hindoo woman's nicrcy. But Bernico did not lone her high courage. She wheeled the sofa against the door nnd piled on top of tho sofa the easy chairs. There was an extra cliair when the im promptu barricade had been made, and 13ernice eat down upon this, just out of range of the stair door, nnd prepared to defend thn only point in tho room about whose strength U> resist assault she retained mis givingo. The old woman's movements were ex ceedingly stealthy. Sho crept down thn ?stair and tried tbo door at its foot. It wr.s lccl:ed. Trcaently Burnico heard a key nt pratingly into tho key-hole, and tho bolt chotb.icU into tljo loci. A low, snarling laugh, liko tho subdued prowl ol a wild benst, carao from the ayah. A rnomcut of eu?pcnsc, and then the door was pnahed open an inch or twe against tl?o barricade, which liernice Baw that a vigor ous assault by the old womnn would awetp neido like so many toys. " Stop where you arc !" cried the young ?marchioncua, levelling her pistol, anJ speak ing in a tone so cool and commandinjyis to win n ready obedience from the crouching flguro on tho stair, 'i I am ,iiot defenceless? B?gce."? Mr. Mbnklelt UiereTolTcr nith mc, ; ni-a 1 l-.D'.w how t.i ii-ij it. Kti>p wli?r.: yuil tbro'uL'h'tli.ji'!iLi;-'?ii"'ret.""' A si It-nee of mime minutes folluwcJ this upc-ch, but after n little the door prrfsutl with renewed f-iren :ii;nmst tho barricade, which yielded elightly. llernice Ktuod up, white and resolute, and netting her teeth together, tired. The ball whizzed pint the aperture of the partially opened door, anil buried itself in the wall. The ayah had been in the act of trying to peer into tbe room, and the ball had passed within tbree inche* of her head. She pareaslitk-d howl of bullied rage, and hurled herself against the door wiiu vehe ment fury. The barricade yielded now for tbe admission of the old woman's head. Sho thrust out that extremity of her supple body with a peculiar darting move ment. Aβ she did bo, a bullet whistled past her bo dangerous by that sue drew back with another howl — this time a bowl of ">ro you yet convinced that I am In earnist?" asked tho young marcliioneps. " I have five ehots left, and if you do not re treat you must stand the consequences." The old Hindoo bep.in to realise that b!ic had not a child to deal with, nor a timid girl, but a woman aroused to battle for her life-, who would defend her?elf at any and all coat, and bo weakened by no terrors. Ragcc sat down on the Blender, spiral ntair in dismay. Sho did not wish to ro avrny and leave Bernico conqueror of the field. Gathering all her forced, she projected herself against the door, ntid it yielded space enough to admit her elendcr figure, and she cautiously prepared to avail herself of it. Crouching she covered her person with the barricade, and crept tteatliily into the room on her haudrt and knees. To her as tonishment, Bernicc did not fire upon her. She gathered herself up like a ball, and raised her turbnneil head slowly above the back of the nofn. She thought thnt Hemic* had fainted in excess of terror, ami believed herself on the point of victory. With a Biiddcn yell of intimidation she lenptd up, and bounded into the centre of the To her inlinile amusement, young Lady Chetwynd wan not in the apartment. The door stood wide and outside, in plain view, Beruieo was standing, supported by the arm of Oilbert, Monk.— To bt continued.) 