CflS&gSP;&SBISCg.; Answers to Questions. Tank Sotkee (Naryiloo Downs).— Your tank contains 7156 cubic yards 4 131-288 cubic feet. Divohce.— Refer to Mr. Charles John Middleton Chief Registrar, Somerset Bouse, Strand, London. E. I'. (Rockhampton).— The name A.B.C. Telegra phic Code explains itself, and can be purchased at Messrs. Turner and Henderson's. Hunter-street, Sydney. Price, 30s. Anxious.— The father of an illegitimate child cannot take it from the mother. The luother has the sols control and custody of it, although the father con tributes to its maintenance. Should he attempt to take the child from the mother, ehe can appeal to the law. Reginald. — The correct way to stuff a turkey is by filling the breast with forcemeat, and, if a trussing needle is used, few the neck over to the back ; it a iieedle is not at hand, a skewer will answer the pur pose. Boiled turkeys are sometimes filled in tha body. Amateuu Subveyoe (Queensland).— The area of the whole paadock is 26,661 acres 3 roods and 32-96 perches if the corners of the paddock are rectangular. The third side of the triangle, the hypotenuse of which is 520 chains, and the other given side 412 chains, is 317*26. A. A. (Wollongough). — Galena is bright and sparkling, but if on burning there is still sparkling: it cannot be galena. It is probably mica. Galena is a valuable ere of lead and silver. Send a piece down for exami nation. If you want it assaved you must forward the fee— 7s (id for one metal, 10s 6a for two. Mediccs (Quiricdi). — 1. The maximum cost of patent Eucb. s s you describe will be £i0, exclusive of any posBible opposition. Ibis includes £o for Govern ment fep, and £5 costs for preparing the specification end all necessary papers, and watching the case through the Pattnts Office. 2. JMr. Manfield Kewton, C.E., 129 Elizabeih- street. M. S. A. (Sydney) asks: ' Can a married woman, having a judicial separation from her husband, make a will r' A wife with a separate estate, of course, cau always make a will with regard to it; but, otherwise, the will of a married wowan having a decree for judicial separation is valid, so far as regards pro perty acquired since the date of the decree. G. K. IT. (Moree).— Mackenzie's History of America contains a short account of the Civil War. Price 5s £d, post free. Cap ell'e History of the United States, contstnicg £00 illustrations and maps, 3 vols., clotli, 27s. The above will be furnished by Mr. Maddock, publisher, George-street, on receipt of order, accompanied by post office order or stampi. Morse. — Tour tank, according to the dimensions fiven, contains 1114 cubic yaids 13 cubic feet, ach batter is not 4 to 1, as stated, and the middle length is not 61ft. 9in. if the elope is uniform ; the mean between the top and bottom length ie 64ft. Sin. However, the calculation has been made on the basis of the figures given, including the Gift. 9in. for mean length. Mobee.— 1. There is no legal fee for doctors. They charge whatever they consider their services aro . worth, and the value of their time. If you consider that you have been charged exorbitantly, your only course is to let the doctor summon you for the . amount, and then you may have to pay the law costs es well as the amount originally charged. 2. See agricultural column. Enquirer (Stewart's Brook).— We doubt whether Ruf6ian instruction books are obtainable in Sydney, or, in fact, in the colonies ; but if you send to Mr. Maddock, stationer, George-street, he will order them for you from England. You should mention what you want. Probably a dictionary, grammar, and exercises would be all the instruction books neces sary, at least for a time. J. S. (Bendemeer) asks: — 1. 'Are 'house to house' teachers eligible for examination F ' No. 2. ' Do the regulations require that they should first have charge of a ' prsvisUnal ' scheol F ' Yes, as in a Public school all teaohers, except those whose only experience has been in 'house' schools, are eligible, under certain conditions as to conduct and skill, to sit for classification examinations. ' Daiht Factkot (Macleay River). — In all limited liability companies shareholders are only responsible for the amount of their shares, i.e., if a shareholder . has 60 one-pound shares, he is liable to the extent of £50, and no more under any circumstances. If you have paid up in fall for your shares, and the com pany is a duly registered limited liability company, you an free from any further claim. B. 'M. B. asks : '1. If a carrier takes tip a selection under the present Act, can he still carry on the roads, he making the selection his bona-fide home F ' Yes, but it would have to be shown to the board that the case is a bona-fide one. '* 2. What would the survey fee amount to for 320 acres C.F. and 960 acres C.L.F' The fee would be £6 on the 320 acres and £12 on the 9G0 acres, which is £20 in all. 3. A reply will appear in next issue. 'W. H. M. (Blanford).— I. The Hahnemann, which left San Francisco on March 6 last for Liverpool, had not arrived at her destination at date of last English advices, June 20. She was not, however, considered to be overdue, or even nearly due, being then but 106 days out. 2. If you requier nipgar stump sermons, you can get a book containing same from Mr. Mad dock, stationer, George-street, at Is 3d, post free. For religious sermons we would recommend Tal mage's sermons, seven volumes, each 2s 6d, post free, , . obtainable from the same firm. Selector (Pretty Gully) asks : ' I have a conditional purchase upon which all improvements and residence ere fulfilled. I have also a conditional lease under clause 52 of the Crown Lands Act, upon which I have resided 3£ years. If 1 reside on it another 18 months, could 1 then purchase it if all improvements were satisfactory ?' You can (if the land is not reserved) apply to conditionally purchase yonr con ditional lease at once. There is no necessity for you to wait. No residence is required on the conditional lease. See sec 25 of Act of 1889. Subscriber (Narrandera) asks : ' I selected ground in March, which was not granted me until the follow ing September 24 of same year, my first rent becoming due that day three years. Shall I, by taking the three months' grace, have to pay the two rents in the same year, having only six days to run? Or, would it do if I paid my rent regularly on September 24 of eich year, without taking the three months' grace allowed F' You are not requhed to pay two instal ments in one year. The first instalment is payable at the end of the third year, the next et the end of the fourth year, and three months' grace allowed on each occasion. J. F. S. (Black Mountain) asks :— 1. ' How is oxide of manganese used for hardening tallow candles F : Does it improve the light F' The manganese oxide can only be economically used where there is a large output of candles, as the fat has to be filtered hot through steam presses. It only improves the light indirectly. 2. ' Can self -snnff ing wicks be bought . in Sydney, and where F' No, they cannot. They sre imported by the candle company, and consist of plaited wicks dipped in borax and nitrate of soda solutions, and carefully dried by centrifugal machines so as to prevent curling and twisting. It would be better and cheaper to buy candles than attempt to make them. Eujjscriber (Tarcoola). — To cure skins with the fur on : Lay the skin on a smooth board, the fur side undermost, and fasten it down with tinned tacks ; wash it over first with a solution of salt, then dissolve 2Joz. alum in one' pint of warm water, and with a sponge dipped in this solution moisten the surface all over. Repeat this every now and then for three days. When the skin is quite dry take out the tacks, and, rolling it loosely, the long way, the hair inside, draw it quickly backwards and forwards through a large smooth ring until it is quite soft ; then roll it in the contrary way of the skin, and repeat the operation. Skins prepared thus are useful for many domestic purposes. Paddy (Fernside) asks : 1. A 'B and C are?partners in a. general store. They want a hawker's license. Must any one partner be mentioned, or can the docu ment be in the name of the firm F — Hawkers' licenses can only be granted to separate individuals. 2. If in the former case, must the licensed member be the only one to go out with the van or cart, or can any \- member of the firm go F — Only the person indivi dually licensed can act as a hawker. 3. Do they require another tobacco license apart from one to 6tore F — No. 4. The music to suit the Victoria organette is apparently not obtainable in Sydney, but you could communicate with the Victoria Manu facturing and Importing Company, 256 Collins street, Melbourne. Sally's Flat (Upper Meroo).— 1. It would not be safe to advise you on such vague information as you have given. Send particulars of the case, such as the number of the C.P., name of selector, parish number of the portion, area, name of parish, name of county, &c;, &c;, to the Under- Secretary for Lands, Bridge-street, Sydney, shewing also your position with regard to the land, and you will receive authori tative information for your guidance. 2. The postage on the Sydney Mail or any other paper that is sent to England or out of the colony is one penny, no matter whether a day or a msnth old. Papers posted from Sydney to any part of the colony, if not more than a week old, are post free; if more than a week old they require a penny postage stamp. A, M*D. (Galway Downs). — There was no such person really as Robinson Crusoe. His story is founded on an incident in the life of Alexander Selkirk, born in 1676 and died in 1723, a sailor, who was the son of a shoemaker and tanner at Largo, Fifeehire. In 1703 he joined the Cinque Ports, Captain Straddling, as sailing master. In 1704 he had a dispute with his captain, and at his own request was, in October, put ashore on the island of Juan Fernandez, where, after a solitary residence of four years and four months, he was taken off by Captain Woods Rogers, commander of a privateer, who made him his mate and afterwards gave him the independent command of one of his -. prizes. He returned home in 1712, but in 17l7 ho eloped with a country girl and again went toeea. He died in 1723, while lieutenant on board the royal ^ ehip 'Weyinonth. X.Y.Z. (Guyong). — Your tank contains 9722 cubic \- . 'yards 6. cubic feet The batters cannot be three in one, if lengths are correct. . There -are 6£ gallons, as nearly as possible, in a cubic foot; therefore, there '. are 168J gallons in a cubic yard. The rule for measuring tanks such as this is : Multiply the top length by top breadth; multiply the bottom length by bottom breadth ; multiply the mean of the top and bottom lengths by the mean of the top and bottom breadth, and multiply the result by 4; add together these three products and divide by 6; then multiply the result by the depth, and, as the terms are gene rally in feet, the result will be cubic feet. Divide that result by 27 and the result will be cubic yards. Multiplv the number of cubic feet by 6}, or the number'of cubic yards by 16S|, and you obtain the number of gallons. Inquirer.— 1. It has been positively stated that Tippto Taib's curry powder is a sure destroyer of thread worms in the system, sweets being given between meals to keep the worms where they would get the full effect of the powder. 2. Blackheads are, properly, comedones. Treatment: Hot fomentations ef water containing a little borax, using tar soap, with plenty of friction with a bath towel, the careful inunction of soft soap, followed by the application of the following lotion to allay irritation : — Oxide of lime, 2 drachms; glycerine, 2 drachms; lead water, li drachms; lime water, 6oz.; to be applied with a small sponge brush three or four times a day. And, afterwards, with a view of stimulating the glands to healthy action, the following will be found effectual — Pure lac su'phnr (not the article of commerce), glycerinfe, rectified spirits of wine, carbonate of potash, sulphuric ether ; of each, equal parts. Rub well on the comedones three or four times daily. Keep the bottle well corked and in a cool place, shaking well each time it is used. Sugar (Macleay River). — 1. Yes. A marriage is perfectly legal without a wedding-ring. A clergy man requires it to be forthcoming before he will pro ceed with the marriage ceremony, as it is part and parcel of the marriage service; but it is not necessary when being married by a registrar. The custom of wearing rings appears to have taken its rise among the Romans. Before the celebration of their nuptials, there was a meeting of friends at the house of the iady's father to settle articles of the marriage contract, when it was agreed that the dowry should be paid down on the wedding-day or soon after. On this occasion there was commonly a feast, at the con clusion of which the man gave to the woman as a pledge a ring, which she put on the fourth finger of her left hand, because it was believed that a nerve reached thence to the heart, and a day was then named for the marriage. With regard to the above vulgar error ot the connection between the heart and the fourth finger, it is said by Swinburn and others that, therefore, it became the wedding finger. The priesthood kept up this idea by still retaining it hb the wedding finger ; but tbe*cuBtom is really associated with the doctrine of the Trinity ; for, in the ancient ritual of English marriages, the ring was placed by the husband on the top of the thumb of the left hand, with the words, ' in the name of the Father ; ' he then removed it to the forefinger, saying, 'In the name of the Son ; ' then to the middle finger, adding, ' And of the Holy Ghost ; ' finally, he left it as now, on the fourth finger,' with the closing word, ' Amen.' 2. The proper use for quince or apple jellies is to eat as a preserve with bread. These jellies can be eaten with roast mutton or hare, although red or black currant jelly is the usual and proper accompaniment. 