A CHRISTMAS CAROL. BY ETHEL STANLEY. • GRANNY, did you ever see a ghost ?' ' Never, the Lord be praised.' ' Would you be afraid to see one ?' 'To be sure I would. What makes you ask such a foolish question ?' ' Because I am not afraid, and often wish I could see one.' The last speaker was a thin, delicatelooking boy of about twelve years old. He sat opposite his grandmother, on a high stool, enveloped in an old coat which had evidently never been made for him, as the tails showed, by nearly touching the ground. Large bright eyes illuminated a singularly small, pale face, giving him an almost supernatural appearance. His grandmother, on the contrary, looked a cheery old dame, as she sat enjoying her pipe and taking an air of the fire this dreary November evening. The ruddy light fell on her linen cap, which was closely confined by a red cotton handkerchief, and with a rough wooUen dress tucked up over her blue petticoat, formed rather a picturesque costume. The small chamber opened into a still smaller shop, its character being indicated by apples, pipes, and candles figuring in its window. The good woman kept an eye out for customers, while giving the fire an occasional enlivening poke. By its bright blaze were to be seen several pictures adorning the walls— saints and ladies of fashion in strange contrast; but all combined. to give the little room an air of warmth and comfort. A wooden dresser contained the modest requirements for family meals—plates and teacups shining in scrupulous cleanliness on its shelves. Finding that his grandmother's thoughts were intent on sublunary matters, Master Timothy O'Toole repeated his question— ' Granny, where could I see a ghost ?' 1 1 am sure I can't tell,' replied Mrs. O'Toole. * Spurrits are only allowed out on Holly Eve and Christmas Night, when I often heard they come and visit their old homes.' ' Holly Eye is past,' said Tim slowly 1 ' but maybe if I watched on Christmas Night I might see someone coming to you, granny.' * 'The Lord forbidI' exclaimed the old dame, crossing herself; then hastily added, 'What keeps- you at home so long ? A chap like you ought to be out playing after being at school all the morning. Run down to Aunt Nancy and help her to carry home the apples! Supper will be ready by that time.' Tim would fain have lingered, but granny was hot a person to be trifled with. So, descending from his perch and buttoning the old coat cloBe round him, he vanished. This little scene tpok place near the heart of Dublin city, ih ' that classic region of it known as 'The Coombe,' once the abode of honest industry and manufactures; now a deserted quarter, a6 may be inferred from the cognomens ' Petticoat-lane,' ' New Bow, Poddle,' ' Duck and Dog-alley.' , Granny O'Toole remembered the fnne when she, a comely maiden, assisted in her father's shop, he being engaged in the button trade, then a flourishing industry in these parts. She married, and, after various vicissitudes of fortune, found herself the possessor of a small fruit and vegetable shop, with one unmarried daughter and a grandson, our hero ! Mrs. O'Toole looked after the concern while her daughter supplemented the business by selling apples from a stall on one side of Carlisle, or rather ' O'Connell, Bridge.' Tim had always been considered a strange boy by his companions and neighbours, some of whom even hinted that he was ' not right;' indeed, granny herself rather dreaded to find him seated opposite her in an inquisitive mood. His latest queries were on the supernatural, ghosts, apparitions, and the' good people' forming, apparently, the most frequent subject of his thoughts. Carefully treading along from 1 New Bow, Poddle,' Tim reached the quays, and found Nancy in the act of packing up her apples which had not been sold. She was a much more sympathetic companion to him than the granny, humouring all his fancies, and sheltering him from her occasional wrath. ' Aunty Nancy,' said Tim, ' I came to help you home with the apples.' ' Musha, the Lord reward you, alanna, for your kind thought,'- replied Nancy, ' but I have very few to carry back, and they are all packed, so we may return now.' Accordingly, they commenced to retrace their steps, turning up by the grand old Cathedral of St. Patrick, and wending their way through 1 The Close' homeward. It was evident Mrs. O'Toole had not been idle meantime, as the table laid for the evening meal, with other preparations, showed; a brew of tay smoked on the hob, while a pan full of rashers and eggs frizzled on the fire, -to say nothing of a large hot cake that had just been taken off the griddle. The good dame prided herself on having superior knowledge in these as well as other matters to that of many younger matrons of the present day; consequently she was held in high estimation by her neighbours. And Tim might have taken a good position among his companions except for his peculiarities and morbid longings after the supernatural. This fact leaked out in some way to his playfellows, who chaffed him unmercifully; so that by degrees he found himself going alone to school rather than encounter their queries of ' Well, Tim, did you see a ghost yet ?' or ' Where have you been, Tim ? We thought the good people took you off on a visit.' Certain it was that each day the subject more and more gained possession of his mind. 'Granny* had told him that ghosts were allowed ' out' on Hallow Eve and Christmas Night. Well, Hallow Eve unfortunately was passed, but Christmas would be coming immediately, and Tim began to make a plan for passing the night away from home, knowing that neither Granny nor Nancy would consent if he asked leave. The ' happy thought' that he could go to the apple stall as usual for Nancy facilitated a project by which he hoped to accomplish his ardent leisure. At length the eve of that great day which ' brings peace to men of good-will' had arrived. The weather was unusually mild for Christmas. Nancy had arranged the vegetable stall in a most tempting manner, bright bunches of carrots and items of brocoli lay embedded on a bank of curled kale, which was supported by a wall of huge red cabbage heads, the whole encircled by chains Of onions. Holly and ivy were placed in every available spot, outside as well as inside the little dwelling. Granny had not forgotten to prepare a small present for both Nancy and Tim; to the former she gave a new red petticoat, to the latter a tweed jacket. As evening approached Tim grew very much excited at the idea that he might soon be gratified by seeing something wonderful; but he kept his own counsel, only leaving home earlier than usual to go for Nancy. About nine o'clock the moon was just appearing when our hero set out, taking the wellknown walk to O'Connell Bridge. There sat Aunt Nancy, chatting merrily to her companions in the trade, each stall being provided with an impromptu lamp, of a kind more usefa than ornamental. On seeing Tim she exclaimed— 'OhI then, Tim dear, why did you oome so early, when you know I must wait late to-night—there are so many people about?' Kin. knew that perfectly veil, and had calculated on the'&ot.; * Then,' said he, ' I may as well go up the street a bit and look in at the shop windows until you are ready.' Nancy, who was the soul of good nature, began to reflect that it would lire the lad to wait up so late, and that she could profit by some of her friends' company to return home. Thereupon, recalling Tim, she desired him to go back and tell Granny of her arrangements. This was precisely what Tim expected. He had now gained several hours. Finding Nancy's attention completely engaged on her apples, he quickly slipped away, and was soon lost to sight amongst the passing crowds. At first he went on listlessly up O'Connellstreet, stopping before each gaily decked window ablaze with coloured lights. They, however, failed to interest him. He had but one idea—viz., that the moment was coming when his heart's longing might possibly be gratified 1 Calculating that the crowd would be dispersed by 12 o'clock, Tim decided on waiting till then in some remote spot out of the range of Nancy's eye. He cautiously came down the street again, and passed her stall unobserved, proceeding onwards. At the corner of Westmoreland-street, he crept up the steps of Moore's statue, and, getting as much as possible into the shade, took a piece of bread and butter out of his pocket, with which, in case of contingencies, he had come provided. An hour or more might have gone by; the passengers grew fewer and fewer, until at midnight the moon shone out over a silent city. Suddenly burst forth oybells announcing the glorious day! im rose to his feet, not at the sound of he bells, but in utter amazement to see hat the statute over his head had landed n the ground opposite in a flying leap. here before him stood Thomas Moore n his cloak, holding up a finger as usual, ut that now a bright smile enlivened his ountenance. Thn was aghast. At last he beheld ghost! The great poet eyed him for some ime in silence, then familiarly said— Good morning, my lad. What brings ou here at this time of night ?' ' To see your honour,' replied Tim, ithout the least hesitation. ' To see me 1' repeated Moore. ' Imossible. I have been dead these years.' 'I know that,' said Tim, unmoved; ' but now you are a ghost, and that is hat I have often wished to see.' Oh, I begin to understand, master. hat's your name ?' Timothy O'Toole, plaze your honour; enerally called Tim.' ' Pray allow me that privilege. I like hort names,' observed Moore. ' Certainly, sir,' replied Tim. ' Will ou shake hands with me ? ' 'With pleasure, Tim,' whereupon the llustrious Thomas extended the hand that as been profanely mentioned as hailing a cab. Tim touched it reverently, as for the first time he accosted a spirit. ' Perhaps,' added the spectre, ' you might like to meet with a few more ghosts; if so, come and I can gratify you. We all get out to-night, as doubtless you know.' 'I heard my grandmother say so,' replied Tim. 'Then I presume Bhe knows you are " out" ?' Baid Moore, with a twinkle in his eye. ' No, sir; I was afraid to tell her.' ' Ah! well, we must be lenient to youthful offenders, and you shan't be disappointed, Tim; I will introduce you to several of your distinguished countrymen. Apropos,' continued Moore, 'have you ever heard of me ?' ' Oh, yes, sir! often,' replied Tim with pride; ' you wrote a beautiful book of songs, called "Moore's Melodies," that -we learned at school, and sang for the Lord Mayor.' 'That is most gratifying,' observed the illustrious poet, ' and now let us proceed, Tim. Follow me.' The statue now started off, taking long strides on the tramway lines, very much in the manner that Hamlet's father used to enter at the Theatre Boyal some years ago. It was with difficulty Jim kept pace, following close behind, while it passed up the street, over the bridge, and finally stopped before O'Connell's monu ment. As if in reply, the ' Liberator' at once descended, and heartily greeted Ire land's sweetest poet. ' Again we meet,' said he, ' for a few brief hours. Let UB go to our usual trysting place.' ' After you, great Liberator,' answered Moore, drawing back. They then, in a few more strides, reached the ancient Parliament House ot Ireland. Tim was surprised'to find the gates and ^oors open, shoeing : 'lights within. ' ," ' , The two black-cloaked ghosts entered,' O'Connell leading theway. He was the first to speak. ; . • ',• 1 , •As I observed, iliaBtrious_ Thomas, said he, «our hours are oner, but doth not a meeting like this make amends ?' ' For what ?' interrupted Moore. ' Why, for all the long nights you have stood in the cold, I suppose,' answered the Liberator with a broad grin. ' Well 1 I certainly cannot say much for the climate ; Ireland grows worse every year.' ' Oh ! we all know that you considered Ireland a charming country to live out of, friend Thomas,' observed Dan. ' You must allow I stay here pretty constantly now, at all events,' said the poet. ' Well, yes,' came slowly from O'Connell, ' and your countrymen are happy to look on you in their midst.' ' I believe they consider I might be useful in hailing cabs, could I but speak, if we may judge from the conversation of passers-by. Only yesterday I heard a young lady express herself in verse. Just listen to a parody on one of my best melodies. It shows, I regret to say, a spirit of ridicule in the young people of the present day that 1 don't like, particularly when it becomes personal. These were the words— Oh, there is not in this wide world a statue less neat Than that placed where Westmoreland and College-street meet, Oh! the last ray of feeling and life must depart Ere the gloom of that statue shall lade from my heart. Yet it was not that someone had placed on a slab A heavy-cloaked gentleman hailing a cab. While he notes down its number with pencil or quill, Oh, no; it was something more heartrending still. 'Twas that statues of Barke and ot Goldsmith were near, Which made the queer statue look eves more queer; While it showed how the worst works of ait disimprove, When we see them contrasted with works that we love. Oh 1 marvellous statue, how calm could I rest If the waves [of the Liffey rolled over thy breast, And the storms which we feel at tby presence chould cease, And our hearts, nearing College, to still be at peace. Capital,' exclaimed Dan when the poet had finished, 'how I should enjoy a laugh at that composition if I were in the flesh,' and the broad chest heaved, but no sound came forth. As he ceased to speak, Grattan, Burke, and Dean Swift, quitting their pedestals, joined them. The former looked highly elated, and greeting O'Connell, said,' I must congratulate the noble Liberator on the near prospect of Ireland having her Parliament restored.' Dan was about to reply when a loud noise was heard outside, and the furious gallop of a horse caused all the ghosts to look out. ' 'Tis William of Orange,' they cried in alarm. Then let ITS give him space, or we shall be smashed by his long-legged steed,' said Swift, as he drew on one side. Thereupon all the statues strode out much quicker than they got in, leaving a free passage for his Majesty, whose horse galloped madly round the hall, and disappeared like a whirlwind. Tim thought it was high time for him to go home, his ardent wish being gratified, and happy to know that his schoolfellows could never dare chaff him again. Having gained the street, he was about to face homewards, when suddenly someone called out ' Tim,' at the same time seizing his hand. He looked up, and beheld Nancy standing with a lantern in her hand. The cold was so intense that he felt almost numb. 'What on earth happened you?' exclaimed she. 'I have been searching everywhere for you, and Granny has not gone to bed yet, while I suppose you have been fast asleep here all the time.' ' Asleep!' repeated Tim, trying to move. • Oh, Aunt Nancy, if you only knew what I have seen!' And forthwith be began to recount the night's wonders. A hearty laugh from his aunt rather disconcerted him. t ' You are talking nonsense, Tim, dear, said she. ' Why, you fell asleep on this stone step, and have most likely caught a fine cold; but come home at once and I will moke you a hot drink.' ' Tim looked tound in a state of bewilderment, then glanced{up where Moore stood, as if he had never left his pedestal. 'Can I have been dreaming?' he inquired aloud. ' There is not the least doubt but yon have, • replied Nancy. * I suppose you fell asleep while waiting for me, my poor child!' Tim felt so contrite at this remark that he then and there confessed his delinquency, and before they reached home obtained his aunt's forgiveness. Sne could not, however, refrain from telling a few friends of Tim's wonderful dream; it was considered ' sharp,' and a presage oij'speedy great changes for tlie prosperity of. Ireland. Unfortunately some school children got bold of the story, and though Tim is almost cured of his longing after the supernatural, he is known by all his companions as the Ghost-seer of Newtow, Poddle. 