LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Dbesses, stylishly and well made, at moder ate priceB — Mrs. Prior, Palmerin- street.— LAdvt.1 To a Correspondent.—"C. W. Horneman, Killarney"—Tours on " Queensland Fanners" will appear in our next. Tub ANtro. -, meeting of the snbsoiibers of the Warwiok hospital will be held to-morrow (Thursday) afternoon in the Court House. A suitable present. — Buy your wife or daughter a new home sewirg machine from Una. Pbiob, Dressmaker, Palmerin - street, agent for Warwick and district.—[A®vt.] In the Government Gaze; a the following ap pointments are notifiedL'eutenant £ G. Chsuvcl, late of the Upper Clarence Light Horse (N.S.JV.), to be a lieutenant in the Queensland Defence Force; J. Stewart to be poundkeeper at Allora. Tan mbbent harvest at Craidwood is the most plentiful ever known, Miay fields will give 40 bushels of wheat, and from 4 to 5 tonB of hay per acre. The average will be at least 80 bushels of wheat and 8 tons of hay. Pota toes and oats likewise promise good yields. The weather iB mobt favourable. Tub fbuit crop of this district is exceedingly good this year. Trees of all sorts have pro duced heavily, and the fruit is in excellent order, being free from grab or other unpleasant features. Tiie grape crop L just beooming ripe, and heavy returns from the vineyards are expected. There is danger, however, of the fruit bursting, owing to the excessive tain. The 24 American grey foxes, imported to Auokland, to'fesceitain their value for. destroy ing rabbits, and which were not allowed to land under the Prohibited Vermin Act, ha/a been brought to Sydney, and as the inspector of stock believes tliey will be more destructive than the rabbits, their entrance into this colony will not be permitted. The owners see only one way out of the difficulty and that is to present them to the Zoolo0-ici I Society. Tm tmvr-i opnferenoe of *be railway em ployees will open this day (Wednesday) (says yesterday's Chronicle}. Mr. 3. E. Foley will represent Toowoomba, Mr. J. Healy, Warwiok, and Ur, Crawley, Dalby, N , .v South ' Wales «ill be represented by Ur. W. F. Bohey, M.L. A., the general Secretary of the New South Wales Hallway Employees J saociatbn. The con ference will represent 8000 o ganised workers.i The delegates will be entertained at a banquet tills evening. Two hoiukahonb for the election of members for the Glengallau Divisional Board, aaused by .three vacancies by retirement, for Sub division Mo. 1 have been received; two for No. 2, and one for No. 8. The names of those nominated will be declared at the Board's Office to-day (Wednesday) at noon by the Re tnming-offioer (Mr. Higgins), when the can didates will have a chance to address their different ratepayers. Mr. Thos. Mogridge, the only nominator for Subdivision No. 8, will be deolared eleoted without opposition. Three nominations have also been reoeived for the position of auditors to the Board, caused by retirement of Messrs. F. B. Woods and James ■ Mcintosh. Ti. is Toowoomba Chronicle says—The Muni cipal Counoil of Warwiok unanimously seconded a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Arthur Morgan, M.Ii.A., for the servioes during the year as Mayor of that town. Mr. Morgan has occupied the position of Mayor for four years and has discharged his duties with credit to him self and advantage to the town. Some of the Toowoombaaldemuen, waknow, will be horrified at'the idea of one gentleman occupying the posi tion of Mayor for lour years in suooeseion, but the good that has resulted from it shows the wisdom and good sense of the Warwick alder men. At the close of the meeting an honor arium of £80 was voted to the Mayor for his laBt year's servioes. " Onosi vashb " are frequently as numerous as "snake yarns." Amongst our mail re ceived yesterday, was a letter, the contents of which we were asked to publish. It reads as follows:—"On a certain night last week in Watwiok, a Ira, who had ocoasion to be work ing to a la^c hour was sent a message to a distance of about 10 chains. The mcsBage de livered, the lad was returning, but on the way took fright, and ran for his l'to, screaming at tho top of hiB voice. A member of the " fooroe," who was on duty at the hour, pur sued'the,lad down the street and caught him gasping for breath. In answer to why he was causing suoh a disturbance, tho lad said he had seen a ghost chase him, and he hid sorcamed for help. It was the seoond o? third time the same ghost had given him "a go." The policeman inquired in which direction the ghost came, to which the boy pointed. "Let's look for him,", said tho officer, taking the boy by the arm, and on they went. They first tried tho paddook adjoining the Court House, then the Court House yard, and stables, but all in vain ; the ghost was nowhere to be found. The invisible being had baffled both the offioer and the boy. The search seemed hopeless to both, and after the policeman had found out on what night the lad would again be out—so that the constable could bo on the alert to catch lbs ghost—the pair parte' " 