A LIFE AT STAKE. fiy Mrs. HARRIET LEWIS, Authdr of " The House of Scads," " Vivian Thorite" " The Heiress of Egremont,"? " The False Heir " etc., etc. CHAPTER I. WATCHING THE CLOCK. : '""Tbe light of love, the parity of grace, . - The mind, (he music breathing from her face."-Btkon. . . "V It waB a dark and moonless; night. -The frees around Edencotnt-the country home. of,Sir Allyn Dare-rustled their branohes .restlessly in the wind, looking like tall ghoBts communing together; the marble statues and urns scattered over the lawns and .through the gardens gleamed white and spectral through the gloom ; and the stately mansion itself had an unreal appearance as it loomed up in the majesty of its propor tions against the dark night-sky. But a single light beamed !rom the broad windows of the dwelling, and that struggled through the parting between the heavy cur tains of a room in the western wing. This room was situated on the ground floor, and, in addition to its wide windows, was provided with a glazed door, .whioh opened into a Bmall shrubbery. The furniture of the room was simple, and in cluded several tables, a few ohairs, an ample chintz-covered oouch, heaped high with pillows, a small bronze clock, and several antique vases. The floor of polished oak, arranged in a mosaio pattern, was covered in the centre by a handsome Turkey carpet. Two or three well-filled book-cases were ranged against the walls'1; and the tables were littered with maps and charts, whioh had evidently been under recent inspection. Unsteady lines were faintly traced upon the maps, showing circuitous routes to out-of-the way places, as if the person who had marked -.them had been thinking of seeking a hiding place far away from ordinary routes of travel, or indeed, from the usual haunts of civilised men. A few ooals were burning steadily in the grate, giving out d farat heat, not unpleasant on that chilly April night, and from their light, combined with that of the lamp burn ing on the table, the many pictures that adorned the high, polished walla were re vealed with more or less distinctness. These piotares were of varioa3 sohools of painting, find many of them were from the hands of world-renowned masters. "Ibis room was the private apartment of Bir Allyn Dare, and, at the moment we look "ipon the scene, it was tenanted by the Mthy baronet himsolf. gQ had been for hours, and was still, en aaaad i,"1 walking the floor, wrapped in a gloom far ^enB8r than that without the * bX\£b a tall' ma°' ^med taIler'han he was, because o£J\Vh,n?T , feature of his pale, indicated ? the high-bred gentlemen, a.nd,h'8 dement was apparent in his looks anu dr68fiB> ^so^red as was the latter. Scarce.^ f^-and- forty years of age, his scanty looks \ "vereL * .as snow, and streamed over his g' u-nheS,1D^ grown, giving him an aged look, w* . WflB heightened by the weary and care-w *orn ex~ pression of his countenance. He \^aa a gentle, affectionate man, with an aln.1 constitutional abhorrence of noise, oo*n" fusion, or contention, and with a singular love of quiet, made necessary to him by his extreme nervousness. He had been very different in his youth, his friends were wont to say, pityingly. He had always been gentle, but there had been a time when that gentleness only tempered an ardent soul. In his earlier years he had been gay and full of spirit, the life of the social oircle, the frequenter of various places of amuse ment condemned and forbidden to him by his rigid parent, the lato Sir Allyn, who had looked upon his wild wayB with abhorrenoe, and who had more than once peremptorily refused to pay his son's debts, contracted, perhaps, at the gaming-table. But all that was in the days when the present baronet was only Mr. Allyn Dare before the family title and wealth had come to him. Since- then he had been as now, except that every year, every month and even every day, seemed to sdd a furrow to his forehead, or to deepen the lines about his care-worn face. As he paced theroom, his hands folded be hind his back, clasping and unclasping them selves with a nervous motion, his face worked with a powerful agitation, his gaze ehifted incessantly, and he held his breath frequently Blackening his steps to listen. At length his eyes, thus wandering rest lessly over the objects around him, reverted to the maps and charts on the table, and he gathered them up despairingly and thrust them into a drawer, while he murmured : " It is useless to think of flight. Let me break my sworn word and the evil will surely come-pursuit, Boandal, shame, tigony, ignominy, and death 1" Ha caught bis breath convuleively, re-j euraed bis walk to and iro, and continued: jg*," No, flight is madness. I must meet the shook here soon. It is the night of the last day-tha night of the fatal twenty-second I In all these years I have not seen him or heard from him. Bat I feel that he lives that he is coming-that he will soon be hare to claim the fulfilment of oar awful compact. And yet, there is a chance in my favor. Hq may bo dead. I pray that he may be. Ob, if it might prove so !'' A wild look nf hope suddenly flashed across his gloomy face, as lightning some times flashes across the darkest night, and he glanced at the clook, and said : " Twenty minutes to eleven 1 I have only eighty minutes to wait, and then I - shall either be free or doomed. I have looked for him since daybreak, and every minute that has paseed since then without bringing him has fed my hopes. I know bis bitter hatred and love of revenge, and surely, if be were alive he would have come to me at the earliest hour of to-day. Yes, he must be dead." There was an exultant tone in bis voioe as he uttered the last words, but his exultation was only momentary, and was succeeded by a deeper gloominess. He continued walking backward end for ward , watching the clock, as its hands moved slowly over its face, starting at every sound, now and then pausing to listen, frequently looking from the door, and still more frequently bending an anxious glance toward the interior of his dwelling. Struggle as he would to etill his agitation, and repress his nervousness, the return of his despair became more and more marked with every passing moment. " If I had but died on that awful night, ten years ago !" he groaned. "What torture have I not endured since then^? If I had but braved him then--but my weakness has been my ruin I It is now too late-too latel Harkl Tbat noise I A horseman 1" He sprang into a defensive attitude, having the look of a hunted animal at bay. The sound that had so alarmed him soon resolved itself into the murmur among the trees, or the rustling of branohes against the casement; but his fright did not sub side. - " Eleven o'clock," he whispered, his limbs trembling, and hia face acquiring a livid hue. "Only an hour more. According to the compact, if he arrives after twelve he cannot claim the bend. Bat he will be here. Oh, my child, my poor child, I could find it in my heart to sacrifice you to another shrine than this-to death 1" And his trembling voice broke into a quivering laugh that waB pitiful to hear, it was so full of woe and despair. He checked the laugh in the midst of its utterance, with an apprehensive glance at a door on the opposite side of the room, and then, with a sudden impulse, he oroseed tbe floor, opsned the door, and stole softly into the adjoining apartment. It differed greatly frpm hia study, being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir. It was full of light and warmth and color. The long French windows were trimmed with crimson, damask, and white laoe; the floor waB covered with a velvet medallion carpet; a fire glowed and flamed behind the polished bars of the"*grate; and silken couchea and cushions, pictures, marble statuettes, shelves of rare porcelain, carved book-oases filled with handsomely bound volumes, and a host of elegant and coBtly trifles abounded, giving tbe room a rosy home-like appearance, which was increased by the soft light that shone through tbe globes of the pendant chandelier. Sir Allyn advanced silently to a crimson couch upon which a young girl lay sleeping - and then he folded his arms and stood be side her, watching her with a yearning, des pairing gazo. She was very beautiful in her tin oonsoiousness-as beautiful and as lovely as 1 an angel. She lay in a graceful, careless attitude, her i tiny Blippered feet peeping from beneath tbe hem of her dressing-robe, a bright eoarlet j ehawl thrown carelessly over her shoulders, and her hair flowing oyer her pillow. A I smile was fluttering across her lips, showing 1 that her pure soul waB visited with pleasant dreams. She was II Je Dare, the only child of the j baronet. | "How happy Bhe is," murmured the i father, looking at her -through a mist of gathering tears. " She is always so, sleeping or waking, except when depressed by her sympathy with me. She is as pure and in nocent aa a baby. She has never known a real grief. . . . ' "If she could only die before he comes to wreck her happiness, to make her pray for death I Better, a thousand times better, would it have been if you had died in infancy I Oh, my child ! my dearest Ildel it makes me shiver with dread, and my blood to run cold when I think that yon have been reserved for such a wretched fate as awaits you 1" So earnest where his tones, so loud his words, that the maiden stirred Blightly at | the Bound of his voice, and then opened her j eyes, and assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned hiH pale, thin, wild-look* ing face toward her. " Papa-oh, papa 1" she said, in a low tone i of pain, "are you ill?-or has your fit of. gloom come back again ?" She arose, approached him with a swift, gliding motion, led him gently to a seat upon the couch beside her, and then drew i his head to her breast with a tender, protect- j ing movement, and as if she would defend him from an entire world. ' That movement was a revelation in itself. It showed that her relations to the baronet i were less thoBe of the daughter, and more of the loving counsellor, the unfailing friend, the gentle, proteotor, and the guardian angel. If she had been beautiful in sleep, how much more beautiful was she now that every feature was instinat with awakened intellig ence, and the glow of love and pity over spread them I She was delicate and slight in frame, yet evidently endowed with almost perfect health. ^ Her face waa bewildering in its loveliness, lighted up by a pair of radiant, magnetio eyes, in which lurked a thousand pleasant shadows, vivified by a sweet, tender mouth, of whioh the lips gleamed like the newly blossomed carnation, and made glorious by the parity, b~weetnes8, and' spirit breathing from every' fau ,*'*eE8 feature. 't white dresBing-gown fell about her slendei' in Boft folds, its whiteneBB re lieved b>"* scarlet and long fringes nf hpr aha. and her long» soft hair> Hn* bound, strared °Ter 8^ould?" in.. riPPlin8 waves of bro* -Reaming with gold. It waa easy to 800 that> wh"e she was gifted with the n/ost exquisite delicacy and refinement, she ^ * length of character such as is * ound fe* *om£n * This might be beot "^bo her lather had so long leaned upon her, K T*ia8Jo aet m his , frequent fits of terrible de.^Pondence for com fort and counsel, and de^^g upon her j unfailing love and cheerf nine sa , . ie'* She was a warm-hearted, in/P1"8}'® young maiden, as generous as the sun, QDick to like or dielike, yet, besides her fathei.\""®18 !?aB no one in the world whom she reali.?'0^.' " Ilde, my dear child," he said, looking despairingly into-the anxious face, ' * confident that yoa love me so de7o«edly that you would Bubmit to any sacrifice *or my sake." His manner so startled and alarmed b!er that she was speechless, although she citing closer to him, throwing her arms about his neck. " Ob, heavenB," he exclaimed, " to see you auger, and know myself powerless to aid or soothe yon ." He could not bear to look longer upbn the wondering, frightened girl, and rushed into hia study, forbidding her to follow him . " Twenty-five minutes to twelve !" he ex claimed, looking at the clock. " Only twenty-five minutes more, and-^nd-we I ? ' I may..fee saved ! Heaven grant, il he yet lives, his horse may fall under him, and so delay him, or he may miss his way, or justice may overtake him ! ' ThuB the moments wore on. He counted the ticks of the clock, he ex amined his watoh frequently, he now and then opened the glazed door and peered into the darkness, and listened for the sound of an approaoh, and it was curious to note how : his moods alternated between the wildeet joy and relief, and the blaokest despair. Unnoticed by him Ilde stole into the Btody, regardless of his prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind had given way, and that he would do himself an injury. Onoe or twiae a feeling of numbness orept over the baronet, and he was dead alike to fear or hope, and walked about aBin a dream, but this blessed obliviousness was but momentary, and he aroused from it to still greater suffering. ) The minutes slowly lessened. Soon there remained but twenty, and these melted to fifteen, and these to ten. Again Sir Allyn experienced a sudden flash of hope. His step quiokened, bis thin face flushed, his eyes glowed, and his spare figure began to Bhake ofE the burden under which it had stooped for years, and,to grow erect and full of dignity. 1 "Only ten minutes more!" he cried, feverishly, biB tone sc husky that Itde scarcely recognised it. "He must be here within ten minutes, or I shall be free from the bond forever 1" Shaking off the weakness that crept over him, he rusbed oyt. into the shrubbery and wandered about among the trees and bushes, and listened, and exulted, and despaired, re turning every few moments to look at his watch or the dock. ; Thus five minutes were passed. His anxiety then grew insupportable. His legs trembled under him, and he grew too weak and excited to oontinue his walk, and so sank down upon his lounge, his hands clasped, and his eyes fixed unwaveringly upon the dock. His daughter, silently and unseen, drew nearer to him, full of an awful dread, and stood at his side, watching him as closely as he regarded the time-piece. The tickings of the clock seemed to grow slower, the seconds almost interminable periods, and the minutes were ageB which the time-piece seemed to find itself unable to compass. One minute-two minutes passed. The lips of the baronet quivered as they strovo to whisper a prayer, and the trembl ing of this thin body became an ague, while his senses reeled, and he heard nothing, Baw nothing, save that his distempered vision presented to him a gigantio clock whose great hands told off the seconds with cruel slowneBB. The third minute thus passed> There remained but two more before mid night, and Sir Allyn arouBed himself from his brief trance, and listened and. watohed with all the intentness he oould command of his nnstrnng nerves. "I hear nothing," he gasped-"no foot steps-no horseman approaching 1 The very wind seems dumb! It must be-he is dead I He is dead 1" He called anew all his energies to the task of listening. Every tick of the oloob seemed to say something to him in intelligible language, now bidding him to hope-then assnring.him mookingly that hope would not avail. And at laBt only one minute remained to him! . Only one minute between him and. free dom, and hope and happiness I His nerves were now strung to their ut most tension, his brain Beemed on fire, his wholb frame seemed paralysed, his bands hung listlessly frcm his kness, and he looked, as if frozen into that attitude of terror and apprehension. " Only one minute more 1" % Even as these words framed themselves upon his lips, in the midBt of that profound silence, while Ilde bent nearer to him, more than ever frightened and wondering, there came, with an emphasis at onoe startling and appalling-a oraBhing knook upon the door. 