THE BURIED TREASURE OF H HOLY ISLAND. - -o .----o - A CLYDE SKIPPER'S YARN. -0 " Ay, boys, Ihavebeen aboard ship, off an on, well-nigh fifty years, and I have had a lot of curious adventures but one of the queerest that ever hap paed in course of my seafaring life was one that aened some forty years ago on the other side of the Firth.' The speaker was the central figure in a group occupying a pilot house, in one of the principal ports on the seaboard of Ayrshire. He was old, withered, and bent in the shoulders, and as he sat opposite a great fire that roared and crackled up the chimney, he held between his lips a short catty pipe, from which he puffed volumes of smoke with apparent. gusto. His companions were young, lusty pilots, among whom the ,ld tar was a frequent visitor.- On this Christmas Eve he had come to have a smoke with them, and to spin a yarn about by gone times. Bis anouncement of the narration of an adventure on the Clyde was eagerly received by his com panions, who crowdea round to hear the story. It was in the winter of 184.5 (continued the old sailor) that I joined the brig Barassie of Troon. We were bound for Dublin, and as the wind was favourable we expected to make a quick passage. We sailed down the Firth of Clyde at rattling speed for, with a fair wind and plenty of sea room, noth ing could touch the brig, of which we were all so proud. We had fetched as far down as Aila Craig when the wind veered to the south-west, and we had to tack, reaching towards the Mull of Cantyre. Towards nightfall- the weather became threat ening, and by-and-by the wind blew all smoke, accompanied with heavy showers of sleet and rain, and, as we could not leave the deck to get our oil skins, we were soon drenched to the skin. Our skipper, who-was a man of great deter alfnation, and a skilful navigator, made up his mind to nmkefor Belfast Lough ; but he soon saw this was out of the question, and he gave the man at the wheel orders to put the ship about the run for Campbeltown Harbour. The wind increased, and we hid to shorten sail, and before we had made many knots to the westward the skipper saw that it was impossible to make Cambeltown without great riak. So we ran before the wind, and before daybreak we cast anchor in the sheltered Loch of Lamlash. - - Here we lay wiidbound for several days, and as time rested heavilvy on our hands, the suggestion was made that we should" go to the top of the Holy iland, _'The proposal was at once adopted. and the skipper's leave-having been got, some of our crew, myself included, launched the ship's boat and rowed to the island. The climb at some places was ate p and difficult, but by a good deal of ex erti-n we rearhed the top. - As a rule,you know, sailors are not- such given to indulge in poetic feelings; but on that occasion all of us were impressed with the beauty of the rnsee that met our gaze all around. Seated on a lirge boulder, we asnrveyed the sea and landscape. In the we-t, at our feet, lay the sheltered, placid loch, with numerous ships at anchorage; behind was the peaceful cl-chan of Lamlah ; and further off, closing in the view, were the, towering peaks of Arran. Eastwards, in the distance, beyond the Firth of Clyde, lay the undulating coast of Ayrshire to thesouth Ailea Craig, or 'Paddy's Milestone, brore the monotary of the waters ; while to the north were the island of Brute and the Cumbraes, an.l far off the mountain of Argyleshire. - As I looked upin the hills of Arran 1 recalled a somewhat bitter memory. My mind when a boy was bent towards a seafaring life, but my parents, wishing to cure me of the notion, sent me to a r, lative in Arras, who sent me to herd e ittle not many miles disaant from the spot where 1 now sat. As 1 used to watch, day after day, the ships sailing np.and do an the Firth, 1 became more and determined to become' a sailor. The "upshot was that I ran away from my employerand shipped on board a barque beand.for the St Lawrence: That was my first voyage, but-I never regretted the step Ihaf't-eken. - Before I lbft the island. however, my mind had been fillerdwith many strange stories and super sititions .then current among the crofter folk. One "of -these particularly impressed me. It- was the tale of a tragedy which had taken ylace many generations before. The victim whas an CoTd inan, who, by cire and frugality, had amassed consider able wealth, but the love of money took hold of him and he becamo miserly, starving himself that he might add to his hoard. He had a nephew, 'a good-for- nothing sort of fellow, who coveted his wealth and resolved to obtain possession of it. In the dead of night he approached the old man's dwelling, madehis way in, and went to the room where the money was stored. He got hold of a very big aim, and having rolled it up in a napkin, prepared to be o&ff; The old man, however, had been arouse by a prepetual fear which haunted him that his coin was in danger, and he reached the room just in time to meet the thief on the thres hold. In the darkness the mier did not know who the robber was, but he threw hinmself upon him with desperation. A dreadful struggle ensued, but the young man being the safronger of the two threw his assilant violently to the ground and escaped In the morn in the mjiser was found dead b. a neighbour who bad called on business, and an inquiry was set on foot to discover the murderer, for the evidence of the sentffle showed that munirder had been committed. Sau'picioi fell upon his-nephew, but 'hen he was sought for he was notto be f.und. Some months: after vards his mangl·*. remains were discovered Iling at the foot of the cliffs ohi the Iloly Island. and it was supposed that. seeing. the impo sibiliy of escap'n frim justice, he had, after 1 Lr? ing the treasure insome unknown spots thrown him elf over the cliff. It was said that his ghost hannted the place, and strong though the. love of money of the Arran peop'e pras, it was not strong e-ooghto overcome the sUpersition and.tle fear of enconntering the wrath .f,the irobber, muiderer, and suicide. -- . This tory ito1do i tesjst as I. an tetlZg Ton, and we were just risn? otrw "?n aLv, ryr queer thing happened. Thi ir thme pu tf:nlmy sory, and though it l-oks very stranger, asit mt were not tpe, I a-sure you I am just telling ypu the sim ple truth as it happeped. , ..... .. Well, as twas ayng, we were just riin g to go sway, when '.-als I,-r'ed the ship's apprentice, Shat'hIt thisr is fe pickhd up from beside the large bouldlermon which we. were serted what appe red ?o bh a llr" silverm?edal about the s'ze of a half crown piece. - ' Shiver im t mber, said the mate ' ,ou're -in la y' ?it' s aiilver coin.;' - ' Shouldn't wonder if there's :more- of the same kiud,'maid thebo'sun, as he plunged his hand into a wle.aithe lower: edge of the boulder.f To his amzement andl delight he drew it forth with a bandful ot coins of various size- . Here, then, was evidence th.at we had found the suicide's tr?aure, and what we now wauled to learn was thle izeo the tirnd. \orking'toVehh.r weiriet to 1 fi the stone from its place, ano after nmch ,erui n as iLanaged to lide it down hill :-ba;t :?if ite ,:-5 b: ,a!ti,. III tle hole uncovere I '. fnl a L.r.e quar:rt y of oi?s,?all '(f.-iTer- of sh,- f-c- t' at of .t La -c:"wn tc" .. sxl.ence, " o musehwereihey worn that itwas impossible to tell the names of the coins. Overjoyel at this nnespeeted good fortune we gathered all the coins and divided them, and returned to the brig thoroughly satisfied with this result of our adventure. * Our mesm?ates who had declined to join s in the trip were mightily chagrined at our good lack. Some of them afterwards v~iited' the place and rolled away the stone, but nothing further- was found in the hole in the earth. One or two coins dropped from a crack in the boulder, and this made some of them think that the atone was hollow, and filled with precious metal. But they were disappointed, and our mesa mates sullenly made their way back tothe ship. Next day the weather moderated, and we sailed out &f; the loch and had a quick paaage to our port of deatination. We returned in time to spend Christmas and the New Year at home, andit I can tell you that with the moeev we got by the ale of our coins we had a jolly time. 