A POSITIVE CURE. BY ROBERT GRANT. Chapter VI. Mr. Nunton presently rofcurncd with ft servant bearing a tray, and while wo ato I was thinking hard. It seemed to me that if tho manager would bo content "with th'o ordinary bare baclc nerformanco wo might not do badly. It had always seemed to mc a tolerably easy as well as an enviablo thing to balance oneself on the back of a loping horso round the ring. I had noticed that tho horses used liad generally very capa cious backs or wore supplied with trappings that afforded the riders a foothold. Although neither Stove nor I had over actually practised standing up on a moving horse, wo had both of us ridden horses without saddles in the country. If wc could only preserve our balance until we got used to, the posture, the rest, such as jump ing over sheets or through paper hoops, would be simple enough, I felt sure, for the sheets and tho hoops could be made very accommodating if the attendants wcro so disposed. After pondering tho matter during break- fast I remarked presently to Mr. Hunton: — "As my friends and I do not pretend to be especially brilliant as baro back riders, I suppose that it will bo enough if wc do the ordinary simple things ?" Mr. Huu ton laughed in a brutal sort of fashion, as lie answered, "Anything that tho Royal .brothers do will be satisfactory, I feel confident" Meanwhile Stevo was gazing at me as if he thought I was demented, and he looked aghast as I added calmly : "Wo shall do, of course, such' things as jumping through the hoops- or balancing ourselves on ono leg, but wo should prefer to pospono our somersaults oir horseback until wo havo become accustomed to your ring." . 1 was astonished at my own audacity, and I felt that it had an effect on the ringmaster, for, though ho still smiled, ho looked at me with evident admiration. Moreover, ho acquiesced entirely in my proposal. Then, stating that he had vnrious duties to perform and that wo might do what wo pleased until tho performance began, he left us. Twenty times in tho course of the intervening three hours wc decided to renounce the whole business, and yet twenty times the argument that wo could not oxpcct such nnothcropportunity to present itself, and that if we ever intended to join a circus now was tho chance, ovcrcamo our tears and gave us fresh vim and enthusiasm. The atrival of the crowds, the glimpse wc caught at different times of the performers in thoir spangled costumes, and tho stirring tnusio of the hand gradually whetted our ardor to such a pitch that when Mr. Hunton returned half an hour before tho show began we had not only screwed up our courage to the sticking point but had stripped off our outer garments as well, and stood apparelled in all the splendor of our baseball shirts and flannel drawers. " Shall wc be mentioned on the programme?" I asked, in a casual tone. " Unfortunately it was to late to havo your names printed," said Mr. Hunton. "But that will not prevent your making a great sen sation." "NVe had hoped to be allowed to witness the rest of tho performance while waiting for our turn, but the ringmaster desired ua to remain whero wo wore, remarking that as we did not know the rest of the company wo might bo re garded as interlopers. Ho granted, howovcr, our request to see tho horse on which wo were expected to oxhibifc oursnlvcs, which was trotted up for our inspcotiou. Ho was an amiable look ing venerable dapple grey, with a back like a parlor table, as I whispered to Stove. " You see I knew what I was talking about," I added, cheerily, as tho animal was led away. " If we only make up our minds not to fall off we needn't." "That's so," said Steve, though not quito so confidently as I wished. How feverishly wo waited for our turn to come ! It camo at lost. An attendant stood before us and beckoned. Trembling, but unflinchingly we followed him and passed tho flap of the great tent and peeped at a vast, 'buzzing arena black with peoplo. Tho ring was occupied by a beautiful young lady on a horse. There was a clown Attend ant on her, and also Mr. Hunton with his long riding whip, whom wo heard inquire in au obsequious tone : " And what will the lady havb next?" "The hoop." A half dozen attendants held up ns many spheres of paper through which she dashed with an case and grace that thrilled me amid loud applause. Why could I — we— not do tho sumo? As I said so to myself she came dashing by us, anil tho ringmaster was announc ing to tbo audience that they were to be treated to nn event not set down in the programme, an equestrian performance by tho famous lloyal brothers, tho youthful wonders of tho world. There was applause. Stove and I grasped each other by tho hand, and marched resolutely in tho rear of our steed. Wo were in stockinged feet. Mr. Hunton and tho clown wero awaiting us in tho ring, and just as wc icachod it the latter exclaimed : "The babes in the wood." The audience roared at the witticism. "Mr. Arthur Royal— Mr. Dudley Royal," said the ringmaster, indicating us. We made together tho customary circus salute with the right hand, as much as to say, "Behold us !" We had practised this during fixe morning, and wc did it with effect I believe. Wo had also drawn lota to sco who should rido first. The lot had fallen to Stevo, and it had. been so arranged with Mr. Ilunton. There was a strange wondering silence among tho audience, accompanied by au occasional snicker hero and there. This I was told aftci- wardj, for I saw and heard nothing outsido the ring. Suddenly I realised that Stevo was on tho horse. He had sat down, and my straining oyos watched to sco him attempt to rise. His faco was palo as a ghost, but bis mouth was set. Tho dapple grey had begun to lopo round tho ring gently, and Mr. Ilunton was standing in tho middle according to custom. Onco, twice, thrco times Stevo passed me, and yet his knees still hnggod tho flanks of tho dapple grey. Suddenly I saw him raise himself with both hands and try to gain his feet. Ho succeeded in doing so ; he was riding standing. "Thank heaven," I thought, "he Is doing grandly. Good for you, Steve." Ho tottered slightly and his kuces wore a little bunt, but still ho was doing famously. Then suddenly ho wabbled violently, tottered ono way, recovered himsolf, tottered tho other and pitched over tho horse's head sprawling ou the tan. Tho bewildered stillness among the audience broko Into a hoarse roar as the clown cried with cruel lack of feel ing as it seemed to mc: — "Sot 'cm up on tho loft hand alley.!? I caught a piteous glance from Stevo as ho rose to his foot, and at the samo moment I heard the ringmaster exclaim : — "Mr. Arthur Royal, the wonder of the world, in lxis celebrated single leg balaucing act." As lio spoko I was lifted on tbo dapple grey. My dander was up. I was mortified at Steve's misadventure, angry with tho clown, and hurt by tbo suggestion of irony conveyed to mo by Mr. Hunton's last words, I cast a haughty glanco around mo as I circled tho ring, then with a sudden spring I gained my fcot. I was riding standing ! I was triumphing. It was not so difficult after all. Tremulous, still without accident, I went round once — twice — three times —while encouraged by success I pressed my feet more firmly on tho broad back of tho dapple grey. Then with another nimhto movement I dropped into tho saddle again, and in response to tho loud applause saluted the crowd with tho customary gesture of tho successful performer. It seems that everybody was laughing voci ferously, but I did not realise it. I fancied that my poso had been erect, easy, and graceful, whereas, Although I had not tottered, the crook ot my inices nau betrayed to all eyes my woful lack of experience. Of this I had no inkling. My bosom was swelling with pride. I was in toxicated with triumph, and 1 returned tho ringmaster's sinile, in which thero was' again sonic kindly admiration as well as derision, with a flashing glanco that was meant' to hpcnk volumes. Even the clown was clapping; and throw up his white cap and caught.it on his head. "And what will Arthur Royiil have next ?" Mr. Hunton inquired with liis insinuating add- ress, looking up at me from the side of the now quietly walking dapple grey. , "The hoop." I answered , with defiance, ami catching Steve's eye' tho next m'o'mcnt l beamed at Mm patronising!'. My: 'fears' 'wcro' 'gone, I was determined to succeed. n: With a wave of his i hand r tho ringmaster summoned two attendants, ;wlio in an instant were standing on. pedestals at either side of the ring with cndrmqus'papcr hbopVupliftcd in their hands. ' A rimp oF the long ridingSvhip'startcd my Pegasus into his easy amhleand we swept round tho ring again. . "NVith a spring moro clumsy than before. I .gained my foot, but in doing so my body swayed "and I barely saved myself from falling. Still I did not fall, and a moment's "successful ' bnlancing restored my equanimity. ."Now for thejhoops and glory," I said to myself as I braced myself for the exploit. On we swept, and suddenly I perceived as it were a wlxite mountain rising up in front of ine, and I was wondering how mnclx of ft jump would he necessary whou it was swiftly with drawn by the attendant as was the custom, it seems, the first timo round the ring. In like fashion tho second attendant wavered his hoop ahovo my head without intervening' it. Tho dapple grey was speeding faster, and I was beginning to havo a suspicion that my knees wcro weakening. r If I Uou-'t have a chance to jump soon I'm gone," I reflected, and at the same moment another mountain of white rcso before mc. I- was already -tottering, 'and I was conscious of a wild din of voices around me, .Was it applause ? With a determined bracing of my legs I leaped to meet tbo white mountain, which appeared simultaneously to descend upon me. I seemed to myself to be turning somer saults in mid-nir entangled in a sea of paper, then to be standing on my head and trying to bore a hole in the tan of tho ring. I was told afterwards that I succeeded in jumping through the hoop, but that in doing so I lost my balance anil fell backwards on to the rump of the dapple- grey, from which I bounded helplessly to tho ground. As I staggered to my foct, I appre ciated that the entire crowd was convulsed with laughter at my expense. My impulse was to remount for another attempt and Hooked around angrily for my Pegasus, only to see him vanishing from the tent. Tho ringmaster, who was himself on the broad grin, camo up to mc leading Stevo by tho hand and took miuc, and before I realised what he was about wo were standing in tho middlo of tho ring and Mr. Hunton was saying — " 1 Ladies and gentlemen, tho famous Royal Brother?, the youthful wonders of the world, turn out to be two boys who havo run away from home to join a circus. Thoy thought themselves born ciicus riders, and they havo had their chance. I will not disclose their names, for I shouldn't wonder if they had changed their minds. If there are any other lads in tho audience who fancy themselves born cirous riders uow is tho timo for them to como forward. 1 My choeks became liko burning coal3 at this terrible Announcement, tbo only mitigating point in which was tho omission to stato who wo were. Tho cruel, relentless peals of laughter that followed made us fed liko sinking through tho earth, at which wo gazed, not daring to raise our eyes. Tho next moment strong fingers grasped tho waist of each of us, and the clown bore us off, under cither nrrr, amid frantio enthusiasm. We struggled a little, but wo lmd not the heart to make tnuch resistance. Wc were only too anxious to escape somehow from the jeering crowd and tbo field of our misfortunes. He trotlcd along with us out through tho exit, and as ho sot us on our feet again we found our- selves faco to face with Uncle Henry, "'Well, boys, are you ready to go homo?' he asked cheerily. "We certainly wero when wo followed him without a word like disheartened sheep. Ho had already collected our clothing nnd a carriage was in waiting to take us to tho statiou. Homo wo went. " "And what was said to you when you got thero?" asked Georgo Gumming, as Mr. Oliver finished. "Tho matter wan scarcely referred to. Uncle nonry felt, I rather thiuk, that tho lesson had been thoroughly well learned nnd tbat nothing would be gained by a moral lecture, and doubt less counselled our mothers accordingly. He was right. Our experience, though bitter, was a positive cure, and from that day forward wo looked at life from a new point of view." "And was your undo Henry at the bottom of it all ?' asked one of tho boys. ' ' I have always taken it for granted that he and Mr, McCullooh arranged tho inattor together, said Philip Oliver, "but I cannot ho absolutely certain. Neither Steve nor I saw fit to question him at the time, and only six months Inter he left town to take a position in South America und I have never seen him since." "Don't you think it was a little mean of him ?" asked another boy. "Perhaps it was ; hut it acted as a positive cure," was tho answer. Tub End. 