Tops&i; Tups. ! Beloved, We are Accused of unseemly and even licentious levity, But repudiate the accusation with spurn, For we have been to see Mrs Brown Porter Gaff, And have succumbed to an attack of what they Eyrie the '1 Belle ws." e , a ' 8 ! Therefore, brethren, we have decided to Tost core to the winds). 0- O 8 And pay an early . visit to sea Papa, i Farkes' latest !' -®"t ® I Let as also" propagate and populate with. : a load noise, a?d gets to business. 8 :-;X ®.' 8 The JadiesWear them tied with Btriagf ! m.M MfiMeWnn waap ikMi nlfiin' The flower girl wears no hat at all, Bat yon get (here all the same. ; V Luah- ne fruit— The grape. A fog eignal—a respirator. ' Piineii outdone --Make light of the rain water. . . Q # Coign of vahtage— A penny with two ' heads. ' ' ! a forbidding countenance— .The au> tfcmeer. . . n r _ Troth crashed to earth will rise again j I eggo won't- . ! V8 ' 0 - - ! !«jie sportirfg contributor— More plaRne , i than prophet. i - . 0 ® 1 A nice game for Mayor Burdekin— I (Black)" draughts. ' ' " "® v/ ® ' ' , BA; spoilt child— The one that played with i the kerosene lamp, ! 0 8 . j .got ladies oply— -Iiace in haste apd lament at loisnrW. Q . r: ' v 9 Dor oook,.who.fo very. stent, says there j fantt waste in her jritohen. Companlons-in-atms— Sadler's twins. 8 0 0 Bo not worldly wise bat wisely worldly. ; 0 0 0 Mem. by a laundry maid— The fastest colors are those that won't ran. 4 Short for a two-shilling piece— A bibobv A orowu might bo called a fibob. a A saw for the times— No man should live beyond the means of his creditors. 0 e 9 The mouse that trusts to one small hole can never be a mouse of any soul. 8 0 0 Most men are open to conviction until f they get into the defendant's dock. a e e Female candidates for seats— The poor girls behind the linen drapers' counters. A solitary exception— The one' dog who hasn't had Mb day this year— a blue Skye. oe " Got a match, gnvnor P" . « Toe, thank yon i I've got plenty." o - e wAugu luoiDciei Bpaaaau) ny, whilst virtuous actions as© feat bora to dit. © . O ©' Tne piayen in a game or lawn teams are generally sober, but the net should always be tight. The pnblio to its purveyors of gas unS X water «— Bathes your room than your 'cb8&pany.; B <3 O DBpmaiaimhoalthy. It is better to J llvavrith a p wearing man than with a oryfeg woman. .0 _ The nose for the turf— The ope with what looks like "a straight tip'but ifl a crooked one. . .0 . © . 8 Nature has wisely arranged matters so that a man can neither pat his own back " nor kiok himself. 0 If. there's any troth hi the proverb that- all flesh is grpes Joe Miltherpe would be a raw-Busea nayst&OK.; Hints for the winter (in advance).— ' How to keep your rooms warm— Keep , your grates coal'd, o«- a In the language of flowers maiden-hair ' fern meansflokleneaa. Very appropriate! - Maidens' hair is often false. A mischevious rustic, owing his neighbour a grudge, mixed a quantity of anti-fat with his pig's barley-meal. 0 © ® Apollo was not any better than he should have been, perhaps bat ha loved the troth, He Btruok the lyre, r 0 e ;» i Dion' Bouoicault is a grandfath@?, hisl daughter, Nina Boncieanlt Tlpjrj having conferred that honor on Mm recently, ' .a " a ©'' The nervons timidity of brides ondbride- grooms can be easily explained, einoa it is natural for contracting parties to have q , shrining mauner. ; , " @ o When the umpire in a game of lawn tennis itsucs his amatory command "Love all 1 .gffines gatumBy follow, and iM>nse.; unnylittlagaufe3,fcoo. An advertlsor in Saturdays . paper re i quires « Boy to milk, ei cetera." We know what a boy is, but what is gn ei cetera, and how do you ndlk it P 8 ' 0 £j " Wei), Mrs M Ginty, an' phat did the ould man be afther givin' yes for Chriat- inas t" « Luk at that black eye, an' don't be askhr me questions i ' 9 . u ' .8 e He : "I don't pee why there should be no marriage or giving ' in marriage In Heaven." She? "Probably because there won't be any men there?" 8 B ; ".Good old Toole" opens id . Melbourne 1 with a piece called "A Fool and His Money.'' Isn't that a little rough on the aadknee wh6 pay money to go in p 8 O 0 _ The ruoheas of Fife is reported to be on the verge of having a baby. What, so soon I WHy, it doesn't seem " flfa " months .ince ohi was married. .Fie for ' sbanjo ® The following notice oppcara at' the door A! eh — a - — -W_ Bi. B- . m vfc a ivtiu|"aiww muiiuiug irowviwniaeiie lu. one of the poorest quarters of the city s " Do not go somewhere else to be robbed t walk In herd." v w, .A minister who had tnice married the same couple— a divorce ensuing, between \- -aka vnnp»l£uma.r«mavtra fvinf. via to odd « repairing department \ to hfa business. - :-h ' r.'/r Y-_ i Titers was a yonpr ;V-LLi Coax's Biver | Who had Bomothior'SUa with hor livor ;> Bhe ohaoked op: hi?tloke' i.X Beoaase be weal broke. And eh? found he bed nothingrto aive ber. " ' B B , A burglar, when ha bvars your, shanty a visit, will 'drabtlesa 'ohoaee .tlbeBt . things that are lyfag about i hut,7when it. cornea ' toa question of lookhe is foostj likfltotopifJktheivrostft;' " ' «- ; ' l J0:> : . 'I i Ferhapa the. most tryiog experience, , in ; . the career of a maiden who hss passed. the first blush of romantic girlhood ia vriien ahebraoes herself to mdet the 'ehook of a posal andtho ehook doesn't come. ®.; Avriiter in the Family - Eocto a soys, "Women wismt comfort." ' :Qth; in4<9elh SinoowhenP . (Giye/hechor choice between a toa of coats and'a pair of tight oorsets— we'll make a boob'on it ! 8 8 ' i . Foddingtop girl : i' Whera. Mir" imdma, do you ooflsider would be tha bostl-plaro to hold ' The World'a Fair P" . . Frodigal ( " Well, I efiould esy. around thfl,wsiflt." V ,''k /And she passively submitted.: , ' ' . ® O 0,; ' "Tbia hand," quoth an M.P;, extending : his . right hand to a group of iiney land ! botijnro, "never took ahribe.- But>f this! one,'? ho. continued, hiding out. hip. left,. " I have lost control." The M.P., how- eyer, was only Joking— we have his word for ifc ' .o . s" . o "Ooh, it was oometh'ng awf'l t',' cried, the Prodigal, describing the Bourke floods. I Saw t all, 'n it took my 'breath— yes,' 1 tphk'm'bftoth-— " , , „ . it didn't take it to a iknndry," ! ! iatarraptod flha Oof Bird. <; And oirdnoh iololen bang on that friend - ; sldp onoe again. ' ' ; An actor who was performing at Majesty's xeoeafcly wore a dirty pair of white dnok trousers. A lad in the gallery observing the state of the aoforfi "nrthW garment, shouted out, " Osh I wouldn't yeser ducks bo the hotter cd A' swimP" . ; 8 8 getting bid of A cbbditob). . " Get' out you ornlthorhynohua !' . .The onau d parted meekly. " Who's that V' inquired a friend of the speaker. ", Afl ornifchorhynohua. " " How's . thflt' P"' '' Well, Webster defines him as a be&ab-; frith I a bill." i ® I rib0ra vmi a yovoa msa of Dnndoo . Wbo thought ha'dRO out on the opees, i So he purabaud a carver And scalped his poor father, And ate his brains curried for tea. "You may call again next Sunday evening. Jack," she eaid, " but——," said she hesitated. " What is iti : darbusg. iHave I given you pain P " he asked. 8 Y didn't mean to, Tm sure," she replied, "but next time don't wear oubh. Btlfl collars; they soratnhso.u . A young man oommenoed to read t paragraph to hts sweetheart eflgout a htiw ' gold-mining oompony, and begsn,byad ing the : title, < " YnbbBi Mine,- 'e«d she g immediately- interrupted him -Vrfthv "I 1 don't mind if I do, John." A week after- 1 the banns were announced. . - g o : g " Mamma," inquired Graoie " Didn't the" 1 minister say that .f gof myXeyes ftora " Yes, dear,' "And -did you reaBy havo fotse ejtg, mimmaP"-' ' .'I a o p A idttat-'tafc upon the door, , , " ABownper no the stair; ' ' v " Here's vharusoomo, the stupid borei ' . Before Tve done my boir." A-carefal toilet up above, ,/ , A dreary wait below— >A M Why, Oharlie, bavs you aamemy Javof-. They never let me know." , . ' "'n . ,T -1 " ' Footman (at a fanoy-dress ball, to new tillivnipi . HQ Ua9 COTU ZaBpUOI/ptd V9 r HP" nonnoe people by the obaraotors they ;veH present): "What characters, ' it yha' pleMe'P" ' ; f ' /X"; ' "r. ; Ladies: "Oh,'nopartionlar,oli©r: Footman (at the top of his voiee) V " Two ladles of no character in particui&y.;" tt 0 ' 0--. :d ;r-.h Our okief, in an ayaneed Btate of . and-Boda, was picked i®' 'Oii# jPerift-jHBMK by a policeman in Woollomaoo'oo, aot . sc stone'e-throw from Palmar-streat. " Oo yon know- where the editbi oS tho Dhad Bibd lives P"' he asked the bfflcari ' ' " Why, you are the editor aa tW reply.' "'.J' Yea, I know that. But whjoh fa bfal house P" > ' © © o h ' -i .A gentleman in a trainiatho Under ground Hallway, London, had baoareading/ the Bpobting Timhs, better known As thai " Pink 'Un." Upon' flnjahing his peiuaal' ; of thin popular paper, he glanced around- and fiaaUy asked the lady who waa nitting . ' next to ifbe had finished reading her ; Sobaps, in whioh case' he would show her the " Pink 'Un." The lady (why, theDord . only knows) drew herself up and stated! - that if he attempted to do anything <$8$ i sort oho would call tho guard. .v 1 « rose by, ahy other name will smell SB Bweet." Yes; but not eomo Paradise . Bows in Woolloomooloo. " Did yon get the pafcof tronsera I sent you, Paddy P" V; „ " No, yer Honor. I only got wan." © " Hes '?;Tfcey say it takes three genera- tionajigpk. a gentlematj " ' She t "In- deed'&WhatlA.pleasant; pioapeot for your grtftlaionP" ' \ Wi 9 0 J& ' AeSrveyor baa recently ;;been Beiit to priBtpflor feloniously appropriating some title (foeds. Thia-hoa oonvinoed him that he waett'-tmonarchofftU he surveyed. 'v»\ ".Tout eyes loot very watery and in- -flamed, " Artnur," said Mrs Rooster, when A. cameiiitolnnoh. on Gnnday. I ... . f Yes, .dear," he replied. " The hymn- book they gave me was such d — — d small frint.»: ' " '.w.S Mi:,- - - ' . v 8 , .To < Refereadara : Many and many a I 'I burning . question,1' mostly on . turf re- I fornythatft man has setuphalf the night \- to put on paper to Bend to ha has, alas I Keen stillborn in the womb of a waste- paper basket. Clementine: "If I bad known you married ihe only for my monoy I never would have aooepted; j on ' ' 'Montague !" ." And if I had known yon Wore going to be so close, with it I never Wohld.havet proposed ' " How beautifully soft it is," murmured Early Bird, laying his hand on her glorious white arm.' " How less 'beautiful, but oh, so much Softer," she tenderly replied, laying her jewelled hand oh the top of his venerable head. 1 . > »> - O 9 Mrs Potte Point (reprovingly) : " Amelia, Where 'do you suppose you will go if you tollquoh. falsehoods P' - ,7 Amelia : "I am sure, ma'am, I don't know ahd :don't care. I've got friends in ayther pldoe." ' , , , ,< If .the . road to Hell ia paved with good Intentions, " Early Bird" ought to have about a forty-acre blook of nicely slabbed freehold property ready for him wben he leaves this whisky-wetted shore for his I fature destination. ' " e 9 ' £Meh'so6hn' to kin among themselves, fd -. .And BdaroewiUhiaS a brother ; Woman of t want a kisa so bad, , They smaok and kiss eaob other. Mrs Early Bird (to her youngest male Olive branae, who has just been divested of petticoats) : "Ho and tell nurse to get youriperambulator ready to take you out." ' Juvenile Early Blrd (shonting at top of the stairs) : " Hi ! Four- wheeler ! " " e 9 ,:.EarlyBlrd : "Oh, I'm in no hurry to die, I'm willing to wait until the Lord wants me." s I The Prodigal: "Until the Lord wants you Great Scott I do yon mean to live for eyerP': " : ..... . ' v ' . "John, dear, we really must call on the Smiths. We owe them a visit for I don't know how long." S .thflit. were the only thing we owed them T should have gone long since." ' w- j,'? . ; T?ad for Jones— Snageon " I nnderatand that JohesVi "wife rJa deaf and dumb." Bneggs;t " Ia that so P I wonder if; she oonversea with her fingers P" JoneBt : "vGuesB so,. . Snagson is about the baldest' Imahleveraaw." - ov-x ' .- . v Accordifi& to'an'exohange a' Adelaide' sign bears .the artless-: inscription, " Cigars and .cigarettes sold, on the Jdabbath for ; medicinal 'phrposebbhly/ "This is, the i Prddigal sayS, -ofiJy hehteh by the man who SBdvextlsed-a'eaozea 'dog- fight on Snnday. sA- foreign tradesman, Jugla .by; name, ; displaysin his; shop .window in,. Coventry- street, London, a choioe selection of gloves, slippers, and other leathern articles, amidst whioh appears a tioket bearing .the adhounuetaenfc, - "Made from ( our own skins." No, thank yon, Monsieur Jugla; not to day. a i . ... 8 8 , ""Mahima'. -aBked a -little-girl of her ifiothbr -tB'otoertday, " is the Governor i mouitingjuate no P." c" What makes you ask such a iqueationaB that, dearP" " Be- causehn. Annt jfanie'e.caoary loses its featherVsheaaya . it' is; .moulting, and I : thought hVibe'Goyhbys head was pretty baio at th'e topi he tdo might be moulting." 1 v-n vrotlrt8i>Lw..- , . . 8 Jtravcz-.wass.talking'oL having seen ; in some forelgn oountry huge ,so large and PpwerfuTtHat itwbr of them'wonld drain a man's blflbd'ina1 i%ht., it-John Doylb, to ' whom this was-' audire'sBedi replied, My , idoarsir- wo havB. tha .samexranlmals in ' Ireland, but.fchey are known by another ' name— they too' oatled Aum -bngs. a a There is a well-known saying that every j time a oook orows a lie is being told some- where or another in the world. " Aooord- i Ing to that," observed the Booster the ; other evening, when the saying had been 7 mentioned in conversation at office, ' Ht would seem that the moBt itomdaoioua when the cook orows most?" "Preoleely," rejoined an aotor who was present, " for ' that is when they begin to publish the daily newspapers, don't you know." Hi , I, J| |, " — « A pennyia liner,: in wiiling.of a resent mnrdeir, taid Tte mnrdcrer was evidently .in searoh.. of plunder,- for the safe of the victim was found to have been ranssokod'. i Fortunately, how6ver, the mnrdeored man had'some four hours before his murder, taken AllA his money - and securities to the lboalhhk, so that, thanks to his oautionj helost nothing whatever but his life.' 0 ® 8 \- " Crow op, crow on, thou ohild o! Hell, but remember this, ..th'at God Almighty. . will fasten thy beak" to> the anviirhl'Hia . wrath, and slatter out thy brains with the hammer of hiB indignation." " I inquired,' said.the Colonel, " bow this ' fixed '-him.", 'He riever oVew -agsin, Colonel. nI always thought that word ' slatter ' was too muoh for him.- I jess went right on " 0 W"" o . judgh A yonng mirtied cmple. "Why, ;Caarles,-. if I didn't actually see you yawn7ju3tnowJ'.- "W»:ll, dearest,, you know that we are now one, and I never oap keep awake. whon I'm alone. You know why, dear, dout yon P" " She blushed and looked as if sbo did. ' e . e i''.- o Beneath a shady iroo.thoy.eafc, , Ho held hor hand, she held his bat, I held my brgath and laid right fi it ; Th'oy klssod— I eaw them do it. He held that kiseiog was no orimo, 8ho hold her head np overy time, I held my peaoo and Wrote this rhyme, While they thought no one knew it. - A m-.u n spied Patrick Poleties, refiling at Rcdffjro, fntcred the Sjdroy Hospital one day this 1 week end stated ho had swallowed a bandagb half a yard in length. The bmdage.ibo ebi l,: was! on his la, and. he a vall-iwed, it in .rqiBtake, for a G/min pancake dating tho"ui'ght.' Ho was givin a poweiful rinetio, but bbe bandage did not app-ar. . N.B.— Cancer was the gentle man's complaint. e. V; . ,,o. _ i;,- A most ingeniohsjdcfecoe was set np the other day by an Oxford-street butterman, who had been sonudly rated by a customer who had ha'd "shop 'uha" seat her instead of " warranted newdaids." , " Barely you will admit yon ore in fault P" saidshe. "Beallv, mum, I-ban't. I don't hobjeot to changing of 'cm, bat I oan't say has I'm to blame." " What rubbish— yen ought to be able to tell." " Well; that may b ?,;mam. I must'bod- mit I aia't a thought-Teader." Miss Fiosie Fewbiothea, who has been mwiatly ' aiindyed by'the berenades of the Booster - and <-th6 r3Frbdigal under her -win- . dowoi at. hight,i whens these gentlemen persist in Binging 'f Will you be- mine," popped her„head out, of the window the night before last and told them to "oheeae it or 'boiheiiii iuidiget to bdeinees," and thereby confer a favor upon her. t.i ,, : - . 8 ."Qfoke no hought. for he morrow, for the morTOW will take dare ;of itself." " YeB," groWled the Early Oae j - "the morrow Will -cake care of itself right enough bnt.. T m drrr-d ififll.beepthoae blessed bailiffs out of.my.8how if I were weak enough tp pay my dailor or hadn't got' a flat iron or a fehuokie duster to stiffen . fomwHih?;''' : - .. A dainty &ias;, a little hug, -To-the- pareon's then skedaddle ; ' Eortoodund'rftiiddnt then to'tug, s . 6 -j . « The inimitable aotor and. mimic. Forte, dining at the house 'of Mrs. lbrafoi found nothing to ldp liking, and sat iu expebba- tion of sonibthlng1 better coming- up. A neok of mutton being the last thing, he refused ifci- 'he had the.other dishes.:.; As the servapt-was taking it' away,, however, . imdemdi;,;n$t.'-itBiBre' "was" nothing . morq he palled ont fo. th'e follow, " Hello, master,' bring thatback again ; I- find now it ia Aeok or nothing'."! i.vr. In-:-.v ew— r >: .& v.?--/ "What lovely legs Misa Hykifes has," said the unsophisticated Rooster to" the Bantarp as they displayed their 80s suits in the front row of the cirolel " Yea; old . fellow;, they look aft right in , tights, but I : witbonb—well, thprp 1'. . ' Why,' ' rsBponded : the Rooster, " I thought. tjhe .was virtue it- Bglt. . How do you know.P'V Oh', el'y ; en6tigli;ri>plied the' Bantam, " her dearest ! frietfd' happens toId)0lmy -girJ, and'T can tell yon all her impdrEectlonsj even to the number of paira'of stookings phe usoa to make np her ohesn." . . ; 7"' — q "0 The following Httloincidcat ocourred In a subarbatrfolegrHphofflbb'afew""dayB ago. At I|unub!)i;;88eA.J8l>gJady(- prer . posflessixig 'k Jpbatailoe - entered ' "thbfflio ,; and enqaireditthere.. were any.telograma . for MIbs Itohirig. ' " The clerk taArae""! " catohing the name correctly said; "d:, bog- pardon, ma'am, bnt the' nam0,'didyoulEay ft ' ..asitohyM-if i \--.lady,JllIt'aifohmg,".TJMnJfihaIii&ing-.;_ . knocked the quill out of his ear, and Misa Hitching departed thenco wondering at hie unwonted merriment. The Rooster turned npon TueBday with lis arm in a sling. " Hullo 1" o»icd the Emu, "what's upP Been trying to scratch yourself with your, elbow?" "No, I've burnt it. I overbalanced and . fell on the hot grate just as I was pulling out some chestnuts— r" " What, for the piper P" interrupted the Emu (who is now lyi«g well), and the atmosphere was full of office rulers. 0 8 0 Nob exnotly what she msant to have said : - " You aro quite a stranger, Mca Rooster. Wnerc are y m living now t"_ We are ;liviig in the Newtown-road,. oppoBitefche ohuroh." " Indeed 1 1 ofren pass your honae then.' " Well, we shall be very pleased to see you go by any time." 8 8 0 1 From the Daily tdleokarn : - "B ADY Ilvlrg In Sun>mr' 0'n. having iargrr J.J hoaTOtban r 'qnirod,. -on Id like: two reotla- m m boardi'ri w'XUcx to abnrn Bimo bodr.);m. Ho otbor boardots or ohtldron j flva mf&ates; > from Station. Ad Jross, Djra, U.O , tiummui HlU. Oh, Dora, you giddy youag minx! And now we understand why The Emu and , Early Bl'd.got leave of absence la?t Tues day afternoon to wilneBa "some Bporfc at Saintner Hill." 8 o " CheBS,". writes an. enthueiMt of that right royal pi6timo 'i3 a game thi study of which omnot be too highly commended to the attention tf yonhg'people of'both sexes." Yes, dear pundit; butal no less an authority than Profeasoc Porton re marked ,on the tnbjeot of liquors, "E-.ep them apart, brcit'aers —keep them apart." \- For, Wnen lavera linger o'er thc|r moves at ohcew, They love their gams, butloro themselves not lOBE — With deopdrnwn Birh, with ardonr nnabaliog, Io pay bo seen Both King and Qaoen Are thinking of another kind of mating. ' - - 9 - For putting. th.e pscuHailtiea of tho situation in a fair and quare style it will be hard to beat the following advertise ment from the Clevedon (N Z.) Mbbcutby : — " Wanted, 'a really plain bnt experienced and efficient Governess for three girls, eldest sixteen, Music, French, and .German required. Brilliancy of ; Conversation, . fasoination of manner, and symmetry of form objeoted to, as the father is muon ab home, and there are grown-up sons. Address: Mater,, ostoffloe, Olevedon." Mater ' evidently knots ' how ' Pater , feels npoh suon BaooharlhB Bdhjeots als'symlaetry of form, & c. Good old Mater 1 At an election meeting ones a maq made ; himBolf very disagreeable by "making in sulting remarks while the orator -was talking about the advantage of Freetrade, &s..; A friend, of the orator's. spied .this man, and just behind him a. fellow who looked as if he had not had a euaife meal for a few weeks. He wenfc' "up ' to 'the 1 hungry- looking fellow," and pointing, out the disagreeable -man, asked the hungry chap what he would take to give him a good hiding. The hungry man looked at nim and Baid, " Would, arf a brown hurt yer, boes P" " Half a orownl.I'il give you half a sovereign if you give him' a sound , thrashing;' " Arf a bloomin' quid ! I'd out his bally throat for that." : O L o "Qalte alone 1 quite alone." , .Whisper the lovers beneath tfio trees; He oallsiier his pet and his'ownest own;' -: And they think that nobody, sees. '' But I am there ! I am thoro ! Taking ib in.all qaiot aud sly— He kisses the blush on her oheek so fair— And eo', by the woy; doI. ' ' ' What I see— what I see— I tell you Ib awfully nioe, >l When tte tummor ephyrs are whispering IreOi . Or in wintor'S snow and ioo. But I won't tell— t won't tell I I sympathise in their joys ; I'm tan awfully good old man,.aUd-rwell, .1 won't go baok on the boys. ; . «-- 1 - « ' - -V- A man was being' tried for stealing a bam. As he had no counsel to defend him the Chief Justice' called np6n:'ohe' of the barristers present to -undertake his de. . fonaax and gave him -permiesion to refee with the prisoner for oonsaitation intirW. adjoining ropm. In about threfr quarter's J of an hour the lawyer came baok Into cnurfc Vithout'his'olient. ".Where dsithe prisoner Pj' enquired ,the jadgp. . With the - greatest composure' the barrister.., replied, "He's off. Your lordship "idealred rme to ' give him the best adrtbe?uhder'the ciro'um- : stano'es, and- as he cahdrd ky-obSfeesed- b ia " guilfcll could glye him na;better advice than to betttke himSelf awtay' with all pos- ., eible spped,. which ho was only foo ,gja4 to do?' - .'j ..- . - ..... . .. .© , - ®.- An aboonnt is pnblisbed iof'&"tbrrlble : Btory. from' North Quaensland about a man ' who was lost inthb buabT He used up all h«h!?aforf;bnticfP.ttQhely»:hei came,4p fii, . JwaterAolfl-whay a hA Riailrnd'his tihirfiti' pad" ' ' thirty miles to go, however, and bad nothing whatever to cavry water in. Of course it would have been madness to attempt to travel thirty miles on foot under a North QaeonBland sun without any water, so his ready invention came to his aid ., Ha hid been horrified a short distance baok by the skeleton of a man, who had evidently been dead several years. He went baok and got the sknll;/p.ngged up the eye.holes with clay, and: filled it with water. He then tramped the thirty. miles on thq water contained in the sk'nU.'-'' Can any novelist imagine a more ghattly and frightfnl ilea thau thij P '-iVhat we wish to know is, does this man at ill live P — Ed D B. 8 Mr A fellow who swallowed a draihm Of poison craw cold aaa;olaohm, And when eomibody said " I don't think that ha'B dald, Thcccrpss quiokly shouted "I aohm.",' And sinoa (hen thry fay that his ghost . Eaoh night walks rouaa his bed phost. And it so ires all tbe folks - - - Who aren't u.'.ed fo jclktr Clear out of their sensdB almohst.' o 8 There resides ont Tcmpe way as genial ft Hibernian as oae. would find in a day's walk.' Oio day last week while he was engaged in erecting his fature residenoeon \- the rocks flit he was accosted by a local horse quick, who was billed to appear at a local party, and addreaaed him thus: — "Well,' I think you aire foolish to. build aboat here." "What, man alive," said Ft, "There Ib a. great fature before Temps." " Future be hanged. 8b Peters- would.be a better place for youi and what do you think of its fature P" said the mightiy man- ... r,- ; : ' . " Why, yen are mad, man,", answered the Freetrader; "its future is, gone long ago." v- 8 . . - 8 . . 8 , \; WbyP The good wo do la seldom known., Why'Pr.": Our wrougaro all the.wdrlaaro shown. WhyP ' Our children who ro weU:behava . : Wbon we're alone; will kipk andqavs ;, ,rV When oompany oomes, aha wildly tavA ' ' -' Why ? . - -. The largest fiahea all fkll hack. 7 1 Why '< We find tho small end of tho taok. . : Why ? D rath in his blind, imperious sway, fc) teal a men of st'orlihg worth ekoh day, ' And lets quite useless mortals stay. - ; WhyP (f ' . The person you may chahas to owe— ' WhyP "V'<2 Will meet you everywhere yon go. Why f : f.v„ ., .< But he who's owing you keeps (jfepr, . .. And tboa/th you searolvhim far and near,- 7'' - You meet him eoaroely'bnoe a year." : Why, P. . . . .. |(. The biggest fruit is on tbe top, - ' ' - " Why P " auu (ftuuu ioavtivfl tep© umv uv uvw Why,P7" The babies laugh while lt'irHaKt, ' : ' - But in the 'watohea of the night: o They wildly ory with all their.might., : ... h,P. The first tima that a man may wed— ' I ' -Why-P :.. ; ; His purse is by thp parnon bled." .... WhyP 1 "' s But lot that same man'wsd again, ' The ohauooa are the pargon then , - Willget-flve " bob'Mnatead of teh.'V. ..V . Why?. . ' ; ; . In summer-when for rein wo pray- \- Why? . The skies are clear day after day. " Why? - But when a pionio party meetd:;',;i - .. . i. Within the woodland's oalm retreata '' lbs raiq comes down in drowning sheets. ' WhyP r-'! v " " - 'J 8, o I talked for an hour or t wo 'theqther night with Frederick Villiera, the London Graphic's war correspondent, o and was' interested in his theory of the "grip, "..says aTNdw York Star writer. - A mild -wintfer iu Russia, such as jfchis has# been, :he. ' explained, always breeds some such epi demic as the " gifip " The BaseiaAta,-.88 saye bathe seldom, even in fehq 'iUdest. .t winter, and the ,filth:> of their,,' homes' Is " horriblo to contemplate. V.v TVheu the temperature ia very lbw tne'wors-'bonBe- quenoes of euoh conditions avoided, bnt a higher temperature seems to bring out the latont germs. bf -disease, i The cossequenco ia an iaflaenei that spreada. j rapidly over Europe, aud, ia #faot, the' I hole world. Oontinucd cold.' weather, ho Bies, might check the Epread of the dib- ' ehse. , ' ,-,y S O 0 An Indian paper has been deprecating mixed marriages between- Eogiieh ona; native officers of the Salvation Artny. The next pair of officers who entered into matri mony sent th< ir compliments to thc Editoss in the folio wingterm?.:— _ — ...T 1. .. The Salvation. A r my. plvifiiqnul Head- quarterd. .Bbeh3jf-B4aiar, Pare! Road, Bpmbay, Fib. 5-1800. To the Editor. ' . "Bat tho fearful and unbelieving, and ' the abominable, and murderers, and whore- mongerB, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall havo their part in tho lake whioh burnetii with fire and brimstone i ... w.bioh is second dea.,'7-v, ohapxi , Dear Sir,— We aro praying for your salvation.— Yours faithfully; Laeai Sinoh and Fhdz. BAf. | 