TO THE EDITOR OF TILE LILYDALE EXPRESS. SIB,—In your report of railway meeting last Saturday your scribe has irusinterpreted ine thus : "And no railway would be of use to Gruyere unless a station were erected at Seville." Great Ciesar'sGhos* ! That you should give such non- sense room in your paper. Is it your re- porter or I whom the medical talent of Lilydale will have to hold a consultation over to see if such large ideas will not be the better for confinement in a padded -oom and a straight-jacket. My remarks were to the effect that I had visited Gruyere, some of the resideuts of which place had sta ted to me that they would be satisfied if station accommodation were provided at Seville; adding that the largest area under cultivation, and the most most thickly popu lated portion of Gruyere and W a n d i u would be served by a station fat Seville. I recognise the fact that there will be only one liue through the Waudin district for many years, nor will the Government be able to give the inhabitants of Gruyere and Wandin spurs for some time to come, for want of funds, Under the circumstances the proposed line should seek to serve the greatest number — a policy which Mr Gillies is very fond of calliug out, but seldom follows iu railway matters—aud not the few patriotic wire pullers who have taken ad-w vantage of the roads aud settlement made by the toilers, to invest in land for speculation and other purposes. I I'.LVC no hesi- *»y>ng rh„ proposed route is the worst practicable one that could have been adopted, and by far the most expensive, There are those who best know why it was chosen. As for our member, though I am an old supporter, I cannot help saying, neutral or not neutral, if he had the interest of the colony and his constituency iu particular at heart, this monstrous proposal would never have come before the House, —I am, &c.;, J. A. KAY. Lilydale, oth August. SIK,—In your port of railway meeting last Saturday your scribe has misinterpreted me thus : "Aud no railway would be of use to Gruyere unless a sta tion were erected at Seville." Great Cassar's Ghost! That you should give such non sense room in your paper. Is it your re- porter or I whom the medical talent of Lilydale will have to hold a consultation over to see if such large ideas will not be the better for confinement in a padded room and a straight-jacket. My remarks were to the effect that I had visited Gruyere, some of the residents of which place had stated to me they would be satisfied if station accommodation wers provided at Seville; addiug that the largest area under cultivation, and the most thickly populated portion of Gruyere aud Waudin, would be served by a station at Seville. I recognise the fact that there will be ouly one liue through the Wandin district for in a n y years, nor will the Government be able to give the inhabitauts of Gruyere and Wandin spurs for some time to come, for want of funds. Under the circumstances the proposed liue should seek to serve the greatest number — a policy which Mr (Sillies is very toad of calling out, but seldoir follows iu railway mattors—and not the few patriotic wire pullers ho have taken advantage of the roads and settlement made by the toilers, to invest in land for speculative and pleasure purposes. 1U.-SP latter can afford to pay for cart grease if necessay, but 1 take it that small as their number is, as a reward for their perseverance in lobbyiug, they are the only persons who will be benefited by the proposed line, but perhaps I am wrung, One of ttie patriots looked quite sorrowful the other day when he remarked— the proposed line, if constructed, would be thousands of pounds in his pocket; and I am sure the proprietor of the Evening Telegram Opera to J- will be disappointed that the line goes out of its way to pass through liis property. It cannot be the price of the support of that very influential journal. I have no hesitation in saying the proposed route is the worst practicable one that could have been adopted, aud by far the most expensive. There are those who best know why it was choseu. As for our member, though I am an old supporter, I cannot help saying, neutral or not neutral, if he had the interests of the colony and his constituency in particular at heart this monstrous proposal would never have come before the House —I remain, Yours &c.;, Jos. A. KAY. [We leave our readers to judge whether Mr Kay's letter has been curtailed to such au extent that " the original meaning of the letter was altogether lost and pointless." With regard to the error in the sentence ending "pleasure purposes" we may say that some of Mr Kay's hiero glyphics are really past deciphering altogether.— —ED. L.E.] ° 