STORIES FROM. TUiB BU S11. No. 1.-TifE I?" hi ITDE.... r ,W.1=c:-B :.a o. We were eta. in at one of the mslt pi. tureslCie watering-placeo in this colony, and while on an excur-ion to oue of the numerous lions of the lo:ality". " fr':atl red" with two surveyors who 1.ad rs' s eni the Plra in its primitive itate, and who had, in f,'t, helped to survey ito not yet very wet. developed roads. In the evening we o?-'. ,i.l out on the pier at that fittest of all time, " Twixt the gloam inr and the maurk," while t"e ceal shone pale and mystaerious beneath us. It had keen a roasting hot day : but now, with the brceco off the sea and tho dame briny feel Owhich, for want ofa boltter lurioe, I rill ena-dew}, we ilt chilly mno'g. Suddenly Surveyor No. I .aid, '" is.. awe.l s:ur:ll is eugges tire of gbhete." "Why i"' asked sorimoue. " Well," he said, "it's well known that ghosts are gcucrally a compound of water salt water by preference-and dead bodies." " But there are no lead bodices about, are there I'' haltily inquired a lady. "Not that I know of," oail the urveryor, eh.crfoelty, " but let's take a sea: and I will spin you s yarn which illustramtc the tlory." We sat down, and 1.e told us a story, tih letails of whlih I've 'uite f, re,,tten, exce'it that it had sormethin, to do with a church yard by tlhe ea, iand w... oufliiently impr(s nive at the tiome. beside proving his thebory to his own stiatiaite ion. But once start so fasainating a subijc': with surroundings so in accord, ianl it wiill n't lanruil, but acquire momentum as far as it ocas on, like the ,tone rolled from the hill. " I know a true chery," said one of the ladies, "which h al ac: t cootectioun with relations of my own. " Thli't is a esufliient guarantee," caid one of her companions in a peculiar tnae, while anotheer romarked, " Ex case my smiling." l:nt the lady, being en couraged to pwroeed, began-" Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter itn the south of France. The railways were not so numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from Enzland ?wa by sea. Well, I dare?ny you have all heard of the wreck of the ;aronne. She was crowded with paaea. gers going home for the summer. Myunclehad taken a cabin, Ibut lain' a very kind- hearted man gave it up at the last moment to an old gentleman whoseo hfe was despaired of, and whoin only wish was to reach home to die. This stimall act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. .\mon the passengyere wa a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad tor her health. Her mother in England, kn:owing she was with friends, and also believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, felt no anxiety about her, but was looking forward eagerly to hoer return. tOn the nio:ht of the wreck she was awakened by a sudden light in her room. and. looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. " Mother," she said. "the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, and I have saved only this." touching her roba. " What is it t" noked lhr mother feebly. "It is the robe ,f Chri','o righteouasness." said the girl; and gently the vision fared away, leaving the mother alone with her grief. Next day. when their oldalergyman and family friend came in great distress to break the newa;, the widow said, " I know it all, but in the midst of my aorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that Tn daughter is 'not dead but gone before.' There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were hLivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I .hve to number them, for though they were plea-ant .ompanione,I haver, completely forgotten their names) knocked the alshes ot of his unromantic pipe, and said, quietly, " I will tell you what I once saw in Queensland." "We were camped far, very far, out in the buah, scores of miles from the nearest out stations. One night, as we sat rather late over the camp fire, we were startled by the clatter of a horse's boofs in the distance, as it were galloping ra:,dlv. It came nearer, and a sudden scrt of fear got hold of us. We jumped up, and tried to scatter the embers of our tire, but we were too late, and in another moment a Lorne galloped into the circle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back: but why was he aending so low, as if in ironical enlutation t And why was his face of so strange a hue? Dead! Tes, stone dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved; for, thoughl after decently burying him, we made many inqcpiriee, neither at a station, town ship, nor bush shanty did we ever hear of misuing man and ho-e answerintm to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together." After a while " That is no: a lhost story," said Surveyor No. 1. " It's ia .'re story." re torted the other. But we earc all ehuddering. a The "murk" had takcen the place of the " gloaming," and with one accord we turned our lacks on the se., and we at in to the music and lights. 