Ocean Reminiscences. Let me recall a trifling incident of my ship-board life, an experience small and brief, indeed, but vividly fresh and of clearest and keenest outline in memory. We were on the Mozambique parallels, well to ihe eastwards; the weather hot, the sky cop perish, and the sea of a eallowish blue, with a thick, slow flow of a swell as of the water was heavy and sluggish with oil ; a weak breeze of wind blew off the port-quarters, with a sort of sting of heat in it, like the bite of the Bun itself.; and the ship under all Btudding- Bflils on that side went rolling for ward in a kind of loathing way, as though alive to the trucks with instinct; and I very well remember the slopping noise of the water as it fell from her bow like flinging bucketfuls of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clook in the afternoon, when the thickness oyer the. starboard bow died out along the horizon there, and showed the sea-line clear to the edge of the ocean, with a twisting and glancing of yel low fires in it from the Bun, as though lines of molten brass were slowly sinking in it. It was then that a sail was made out some three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap parently a large ship, showing to her courses with her mizzen-topmast gone, and the spanker-gaff naked, with some colorB flying at it. As we slowly rose her she showed like a frigate upon the water, with her band of broken ports and her big wing of standing jib; and I heard the captain tell the mate, after taking a long view of her through a telescope, that he believed she was such and such a ship, naming a well-known Indiaman of thoEe days. She was in distress, it waB now gathered; for it seems that she carried a brace of Bignal halliards at her gaff-end, on one of which was hoisted the ~ English ensign, jack down, while on the other" fluttered a row of bunting out of Marryatt's Code, signifying that there, was seriou^sick nesB oq board. I can see that ship now as I saw-her then; her canvas had the whiteness of froth touched by moonshine; she ros'a and fell very majestically, her ports bristling and fading as she leaned to the heave o! the waters. By the aid of the glass, which I furtively employed on the mate turning his back, I could distinctly make out the white quarter-boats swinging at her davits, the gleams off the glass of her. large windows, the hurried shadowing of her Bails, aB they swung in and out, and the flags hovering in reds and whites and blues from the peak end. ' " The helm of our ship was shifted for her, and we got her right under our flying jibboom end. There was not enough yawn i in the foot of the foresail to disclose her from the poop; and it being now four o'clock j and my turn to quit the deck, I strolled for ward on to the forecastle to watch the very noble picture on the sea line, that was ren dered significant beyond expression by her. appealing oolorB, and by the mutilation of her abaft. A group of our Jacks stood against one of the catheads, gazing too. I had not been looking above three minutes when one of them . exclaimed in a hoarse voioe: . ' ' v- . .' What, the blazes I Is that there muok a-drawing up around her, or is she a-dis solving 2" . - ; " Tho ' Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't mates 1" eaid a second man, in sub dued voice of mingled awe and astonish ment. . .. " Watch her a-dying out! Smite mo, if morfcial eyea ever Eee the like of that afore." My gaza was upon the ship as the men spoke ; and, sure enough, I observed her to be slowly melting out. not as though a fog were driving down upon her, but as a rain bow dies, the tints shining and fading and perishing. In a few moments all was blank sea where she had been. There was an expression of dismay on every warc-ridden, whiskered face I glanced at. The oaptain, the mate, and a number of passengers were moving and mopping like goblins over the brass rail at the break of the poop in search of the amazing phantasm. It was, of course, a mirage; but it took all hands, from the skipper down to the cook's mate, some time to realise it, so marvellous had been the illusion, so substantial to the vision that rolling and stately fabric, so.ex quisitely had the painted mirrowing of her fitted the line of the sea. With some fancy that the real object could not be far off, the captain continued to head in the direction in which the mirage had shone nntil darkness came when the ship was brought to her course afrfBh. A few days before we sailed from Calcutta we got news of this phantom vessel. She had been some leagues below the horizon on which her likeness was painted, signalling for assistance to another ship seven or eight miles distant from her. Had the 'quality of the atmosphere remained as it was, by which I mean had the mirage lin gered a while longer,-no doubt we should have brought 'the simulacrum of the other vessel into view. Thus it will be seen that ships a^ well aB men "have their ghosts. : This recalls to me another incident, belonging, however, to no experiences of my own. It was the chief mate of this same Bhip from whose deck we sighted the mirage who told me the atory. He was third mate of a very handsome clipper barque, bound to a New Zealand port. The oBptain of her was a tall, anstere man, with a grizzly beard, and an eye of the dead blackness of unpolished jet. Instead of speaking of him a3 the " old man," his sailors called him " the monk." He was exceedingly reserved, said little or nothing at table or on deck outside such in structions as he had to gi?e; yet, spite of his monastic or collegiate looks, which might have qualified him to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchantman's quarter-deck, he was an excellent sailor, and a man of considerable refinement of Bpeech. Nothing particular occurred until thelittle barque was drawing on to the equator, when it was obperved that the captain grew rest less. He seemed unable to sleep; through out the tight-watches he was incessantly arriving on deck, and for a whole half-hour at a time he would stand right in front of the binnacle, obscuring it to the sight of the man at the wheel, and keeping his eye fixed upon the card with the lifeless air of a person acting in his sleep. At noon one day the lati tude was found to be about six miles north. There waB a pleasant breeze blowing off the port beam, and the clipper keel was made by the log to be Bliding through it at some seven miles in the hour. The oaptain, putting down his sextant, walked aft to the binnacle and stood before it, holding his watch in his hand. There was a light as of fever in the gaze he rooted upon the dial plate. Sud denly ho called to the seoond mate, who had oharge: * " Hands to the port braces. Get the yards trimmed for a westerly oourse. Down be low." The little ship oame round with" the men rounding in upon the braces too astonished, to Bing out. The captain walked the deck chafing bis hands and chuckling, "Now, sir, we have it,," he cried to the second mate. " Have what, Bir ?" saked the astounded officer. " The equator, sir," roared the captain. "The equator?" oried the mate, looking ronnd him. " Yes, sir, true aB a hair by the magnetic bearings-a fore and a aft line, sir. Eeep to that course,-d'ye hear. Not an inch off to port or starboard, or quicker than you can say Jack Eobirison I'll blow your brains 'out 1" The seoond mate, glancing through the skylight, observed the chief officer in the cabin, and with a slight motion of his head summoned him on deck. The man arrived, with a face of wonder, gazing aloft and around, and not a little amazed to find the ehip bound to the eastern American sea board instead of New Zealand. " This is to be an achievement, sir," shouted the captain to him, " that'll rank me foremost amonget the most famous men this centory has produced." The mate viewed him with a stupid look o! interrogation. " Sir," cried the oaptain, approaching him with an expression of ecstacy on his singu lar countenance, " the keel of this barque will be the first that ever ploughed the line of the equator without a hair-breadth of de viation for 1000 miles at least; and mark yon this," he cried, drawing himself erect, and extending his clenched fist at the male, " if I oatoh the vessel's head off her ceuree by the smallest fraotion of a point, I will blow out the brains of tbe man who has charge of i the deck at the time." He slapped hib breast that the two men might gueBB what he concealed there, and, ? picking up his sextant, Btalked below. The ! unfortunate creature went entirely out of his mind that night, and they had to pinion him to prevent him from destroying himself, or dealing death to the ship by firing her. lie died within the week, raving mad, not a little to tbe relief of the matee, who could do nothing for him beyond seeing him carefully watched. , 