LITERARY CHIT-CHAT. 4 5 6 35 (The F." in the Queenslander.) THE CREED OF THE POETS. Rehearse the Articles of thy Belief. -Church Catechism. It seems a little odd that amongst the many subjects which the industrious makers of books have unearthed for their own use and benefit in literary treasure-trove of other folks'' filling "The Creeds of the Foots" should, so far, have been passed over. Anyone conversant with even the most airily sketch of popular biographical series can, to be sure, tell us off- hand that Shakspeare was a Protestant, Pope a Roman Catholic, Coleridge a Unitarian, and Byron "an infidel." But the creeds of the posts which would interest the world are such as are discoverable in their works. In examining these one would necessarily have to distinguish between a variety of utterances delivered under differing conditions, and to choose carefully and impartially out of the entire mass those which might fairly be regarded as reflecting the poet's own beliefs and not merely as those which he deemed characteristic of certain of his dramatic persona, of a given age, or of a particular community. Dante and Milton are probably the only two great poets of Christendom to whom no such rule need he applied. Their works more than those of any others (so far as memory serves us) are permeated with the individual convictions of the authors. Dante's lofty spirit is for over dominated by one overwhelming consciousness-" of sin, of righteousness, of judgment to come." His voice is not one which crops, " Repent ye." Rather is it an echo of Sinai commanding, "Sinnot.'' Milton, again, although his cast of thought allowed him, at times, to exhibit a playful fancy, would never have indulged in what would have appeared to the grave Puritan an unbecoming trifling with solemn verities. In "Paradise Lost" he brings mythology into bondage and bids it toil in the service of truth. But he would never have done as the great Elizabethan dramatist thought it no wrong to do- use religion as the handmaid of fiction. His " Samson Agonistes," for all his failings, is an enlightened believer in the one Divine Revelation. Shakespeare, on the other hand, would be greatly misjudged if one were to reckon the opinions concerning-for instance a future state propor either to the Ghost or to Hamlet aBthopoot'sown. The Ghost speaks as an orthodox, intra veiled, and rathersimple-miuded gentleman, such as in life the old king was, would be likely to speak. His foot, poor man, may be blUtoring- upon burning mark" but it is good solid rock for all that. His more philosophical son, the rcieliincholy-minded Prince of Denmark, to- abouts, on the contrary, the "advanced thought of his age. and generation. Fresh from Luther's university, he questions not alone the teachings of the Fathers, as did the Reformer, but goes a step beyond his master, and at times appears to doubt even Holy Writ. The confession of faith made by "fortis" in her oft quoted speech might, so far as it goes be taken as a fair summary of what Shakspeare regards as accepted by all Christians and consequently by himself. There are many other passages in his writings which might also be regarded as representing his views on religious matters. Tennyson is generally regarded, we believe, as the poet par excellence of what is called ' . the larger hope. It would be interesting to nom Sure his ideas with those of Robert Browning, Many of the notable utterances of the Laureate's only peer-as we cannot but call him-are lost to all but the most ardent of his admirers in consequence of the not infrequent obscurity of his style-an obscurity which arises, it will be found, almost solely from his extreme condensation of meaning. Among American poet Longfellow and Whittier will, we believe, be found, on examination, to rival even the two far greater English poets just named in the pleasant business of speaking comfortably concerning that dreaded bourne " whence no traveller returns." Perhaps, now we have mooted this topic, some moulder of our Literary Circle will take it up and treat it at greater length than space will allow of our doing. China is to be supplied with electric lights. It will not be long before the residents of Africa will desire them, and then the ss Dark Continent will be a thing of the past. Over 3000 American women in New York city have already signed a petition for the release of Mrs. Maybrick. It will go to the Princess of Wales, with a request that she present it to the Queen. Eighty-two persons have been killed in the United States during the past six months by boiler explosions, and in no one case has any- one been held legally responsible for the calamity. The editor of a Japanese newspaper recently collected statistics of growth from all the Protestant Churches of Japan, showing their increase during the last three years. From thirty-eight churches they have grown to 151, and from 3700 members to 11,000, To-day thirty-four missionary societies are at work in Africa, thirty-three in China, and more than fifty societies have entered India. Turkey, Persia, and Japan are filling with mission churches and mission schools. There are 2340 Catholic priests with 1,303,455 Catholic population in England, and 329 priests with 333,643 Catholic population in Scotland. Ireland has 3254 priests and 3,792,357 Catholic population. The new suspension bridge at Niagara Falls is 1200ft. long and 17ft. wide. 