PRETTY JANE. This-befell-inthe old days, and, as my friend SPrivate Muilvaney- was soecially careful to make clear, the Unregenerate. SThere had been a royal dog fight' in the nullahat the back of the rifle butts between t.earoyd'e ock and Ortheris's Blue Rot-both mongrel lhampur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy. howling minutee, and then Blue Rot collapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and we were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most beating entertainment, quite apart frcm the shouting, because Rampurs fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of beltbadges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted '-from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deer insome respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp in their breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider themselves suoerior to privates of the line: it shows the reihning influence of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learovd's eves becan to brighten, and he unbcurdened himself of a Tlong history in which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Pately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawihug tangle. "An' so Ah coot's yead oppen from t' chin t' hair. an' he was abed for t' matter o' a month," concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvaney came out of a reverie-he was ly. in'- down-and flourished his heels in the anr. " ou're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, "but you've only fought wid men, an' that's an ivry-day expayrienc'e: but I've stud up to a ghost, an' that was not ivey-day expayrience." "No," said Ortheris, throwing a cork at him. "You git up an' add.ess the 'ouse-you an' yer expayrience. Is it a bigger one nor uual?" "'Twas the livin' trut' !" answered Mul raney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. "N'ow, where are ye, me son ? WVill ye take the wurrud av the Lorrd out army moulth another time'" He shook him to emphasise the question. "No, somethin' else, though," said Ortheris, making a dash at tults:aey's pipe, capturing it and holdiug it at arm's length. "I'll chuck it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go!" "You maraudin' Ihatlhen! 'Tis the onlycutty I iver loved. Handle her tinder or I'll chuck ouc acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk Ah! Give her back to me, sorr?" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. "Will you tell us about the ghost fight if I do?" I said. "Is ut the shtory that's troublin' you ? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut my own way, as Popp Doggle said whin they found him tflryin' to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. Ortliris, fall away!" He released the little Londoner, took his pipe, filledit, and his eves twinkled. IHe has the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. " Did 1 iver tell you," ihe began, " that I was wanst the devil av a man " "You did."' said Learoyd, with a childish gravity that made Ortheris yell with laughter, f-or eInlvaney was always impressing upon us his merits in the old days. "Did I iver tell you," M?ulvaney continued calmly, "that I was wanst more av a divil than I am now?" "3Ier-ria" You don't mean it?" said Or theris. "Whin Iwas Corp'rilI was rejuced after wards, but, asI say, whin I was Corp'ril,I was a devil of a man." He wis silent for nearly a minute. "Eyah! They was great times. I'm ould now: my hides wore off in patches: sinthry-go has disconceited ome, ancd l'm a married nman tu. Butl'vehad my day, I've had my day, and nothin' can take aw:ay the taste av that! Oh, my time past whinc I put me fut through ivery livin' wan av the Tin Commandments between Revillv and Lights Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back av me hand an' slept on ut all as quiet as a little child! But ut's all over, iut's over, anl' 'twill niver come back to me: not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wacn in the ould rig'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Mul vaney? I niver met him. Ivry rwontum that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afther inlthose days, an' ivory man was tnc dearest frind or-i had stripped to hiin an' we knew Iwho was the betther man: a the tu. " Whin I was Corl'ril I wud not ha' changed wid the Colonel-no, nor yet the Commandher in-Chief. I wud be a sargint. There was nothin' Iwud not be! Motiher av Hivin, look at me! Fwhat am I now? But no mattlher! I must get to the other ghosts-not the wans in my ould head. "We was quartered inabigcantonmint--'tis no manner av use namin' names, for ut Night give the barricks disrepitation--an' I was the Imperor av the earth to my own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the inme, small blame to thim. Afther we hadlain there a year, Bragin. the Colour-sargint av E Comep'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady's tmaid to some big lady in the station. She's dead now. is Annie Bra gin-diedat irpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah-seven-lnine years gone, an' SBragin hemarried agin. But she wacs a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to canutonmint society. She had eyes like the brown or a buttherfly's wing whin the eun catches ut, all' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sot' button av a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asiabristlin' widbay'nits to get a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger-forgive me mentionin' that blunderin' baste in the samie mouthful with, AnnieBragin-but 'twas all shpuli gold, au time was whin a lock av ut was more than di'monds to me. There was niver a pretty wImao y-et, an' I've had thruck wid a few, cud open the door to Annie Bragin. "'Twas itn the chapel I saw her first, me oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. 'You're too good for Bragin, my love, thinks I to myself, ' but that's a mistake I can put straight or my narme is not Terence Mul vaney.' "Now, take my wurrd for ut, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an' kape out orav Married Quarters--as did not. No good ivercomes of ut, an' there's always the chance av your bein' found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket in the back av your head, an' your hands playin' the ifes ont the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that Iafferty killed six yers gone c whin ice wint to his death wid his hair oiled whlistlin 'Larry O'Rourke' cetnce his teeth. Kaipe out av the Married Quarters, I Fay, as I did not. 'Tis on wholesim. 'tis dangerous an' ''ts iverythin that's bad, but-oh, me siwl, 't:s swate while "I was always hcngiu' about there whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn't, but niver a sweet word beyon' ordinar' did I get from Annie Brmgin. 'Tis the pevcrsity av the sect, se Ito myself, an' gave cy cap another cock \--on.-mycheas en' -atrmhietonod -my back--an' ':Pw tcias trio I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Qacters laughin'. I was pershuaded-most boys are, I'm thinkin'-that no wo'oen born av women clal stand against me a I held up my little finger. I had reason for thicikin' that tray- till I met Annio Bfagn. " Time and agin whin I was blhadandherin' in' lice dusk.a mn a would go past me .as cIiet as acat. 'Thcct's cluore,' thinks I.' 'for Iam, or shud be. tile only man in these parts. o what devilmoenteac Annie be up to? Thin I called myself a blayguard for thinkin' such things; but I thought thimi all thle same. An' that. mark you, is the war av a man. "VWan evenin' I said: ' Irs Brmgin. manin' no disrespect to you, who is that cerp'ril man' -I had seen the stripes, tlhough I cud nicer get sight ov his face--I'whho is that corlpril man that comes in alwhays whin I'm goin' away?' "';Mother av God !'se she. turnia' as white as my belt:; 'have you seen him, too?' "'Seen him!' seCz I; 'Av course I have. Did ye want me not to see hlilo for '-we were etandiin' talklin' in the dhlsrk, ountide the verandah of Blrgin's quate-rs-'you'd better tell me to shut me eyes. Onless I'm mistaken, he's come ciow.' "Aci' sure enough, the eorp'eil man was walk-iin' to us Icngii' his head doee as though he was ashamed an himself. "'Good night. hlre. Brgnc,' see I, very cool. c'Tis not for me to icterfeme nid your amoors--but you micht manage these things waidmore dacecey. Itm off to canteen,' Isez. "I turned on my heel an' wint away, swearin' I wud give that man a dhrcsein' that wud ethor him mcrsin' about the Married Quartersfera month an' a week. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie Braegin was hangin' onto myarm, and I cud feel that she was shaloin' all over. "!Don't ye go. Mlister Minraney!' set she. Yod're flesh ansd blood at the least-are ye ,' not -' S"'I'm all that,' se I. a~i my anger rwint swayt a flush. 'WYill I want to be asked twice, Annie?' \- 'Wid that I slipped my arm around her waist, .for, bedad, I fancied she had sur Krindered ct discrcotio, an' thoe-anours av ear \---Srd mine. • . . . : "'t'What nonseie is .this?' sez shb. dhraein ie~tilf's&ma; thi tips' a+ eer dear mtle toes. -'\Wid the -Mot'bais mil -not dlhj no yerimn' p-?-?m%?aoah Zct'tdgr?ke - '.. "'Did yenotsay just now that I was flesh and blood ?' sea I: '1 have not changed since.' I sez, an' I kep' my arm whore ut was. " Your arms to yoursilf!' sez she an' her eyes sparkled. ~" 'Sure 'tis only human nature,' moz I ; an' Ikep' my arm where ut was. : " Nature or no nature,' eex she, '? ol take your arm awayor I'll tell Bragin, aus he'll alter the nature of your head. F what d' you take me for ?' she se. "'A woman,' sez I, 'the prettiest in bar ricks.' "' A wife,' sez she, ' the straighest in can tonmints.' " Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mint fwhat she said." "Then you know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell "' I demanded in the interests of science. " Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Av she shuts her hand tight thumb downll over the knuckle, take sup your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But av the hand lies open on the lap, or av you see her thryin' to shut ut an'she can't, go o n! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I wassayin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin' away. "'Sthay wid me,' sez she. 'Look! Ho's comin' again.' " She pointed to the verandah, an', by the height av impeort'nince, the corp'ril man was comin' out av Bragin's quarters. " ' He's done that these five evenin's past,' sez Annie Bragis. ' 0 fwhat shallI do!' "' He'll notdo ut again,' sea I, for I was figlhtin' mad. ' Kapo away from a man that has been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. le rages likoabrute beast. "I wint up to the man in the verandah, mannin', as sure as I sit, to knock the life out av him. He slipped into the open. ' Fwhat are you dohl' philauderin' about here, ye scum av the gutter?' sea I, polite, to give him his warnni', forI wanted him ready. " He ;iver lifted his head, but sez all mourn ful and melaucolius, as if he thought I wud be soary for him: 'I can't find her,' sez he. " ' My troth,' see I, ' you've lived too long you an' your seekin' as' fiudin's in a dacent married woman's quarters! Mould up your head, ye friozen thief av Genesis,' sez I, 'an' you'll find all you want an' more!' "But he niver hild up' and I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eye brows. " 'That'll do your business,' sea I, but it nearly did mine iostid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin' at all an' nearly put mny shoultr out. The corp'ril malo was not there. an' Annie Bragii, who hadheen watchin' from the verandah. throwsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's wrures by the dhrummer bhov. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Bragin. is more than a p'rade resun' full av ghosts. I'd never seen it woman faint before, ans' I stud like a stuck calf, askin' her whether she was dead. an' praynt' her, tor the love iv me, an' the love av her husbaid;, ' an' the love av theVirgin, to opin her blessed eys again. an' callin' smesilf names uiher the canopy nv Hivin for plageuin' her wid my' miseralble amoors ivhin I ought to ha' stlud betute her ani' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av .his mess. " I misrememb?o r fwhat nonsinse I said, but I was not so far gonv that I cud not hear a fut ona the dirt.outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by thesame token Ansnie was comlin'. too. I jumped to the far end av. the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in trio mouth. But Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wifethat was, lhad tosld Bragin about my hangin' 'round Annie. " " That's bad hcarin',' I sez, an' I knew that the pickets were dlhriven in. ' What for, Sar git?' sez I. "' Come outside,' sez he, ' an' I'll show you why.' ':' I'm willin',' sez I, 'but m' stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid?' se I. "He was a quick mal an' a just, an' saw fwihat I wud be afther. ' Wid Mrs. Bragin's hushand,' sez he. He mightha' known by me askin' that favour that I had done him no wrong. "'I wisnt to the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him killin' himself ngainstmy fistes. He was mad as ae dumb dog-justfroth ing wid rage: but he had no chanst wid me in reach or learnin' or anything else. "' Willye hear reason?' sez I whinhiis first wind was runlin' out. "'`Not whoile Ican see." sez he. Wid that I gave him both vas afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek.-bone like the wing av a sick crow. "' Will ye hear reason now, ye brave man?" sez I. "' Not whoile I can speak,' sez he, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint roundl an' swung into the jaw side on an' shiftedut a half pace to the let. S' Will ye hear reason inow t ' seal: ' I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tis like I will hurt you.' " 'Not whoile I can stand,' lie mumbles out ar one corner ai his mouth. So I closed an' threw him --blind, dumb an' sick; anr' jammed the jaw straight. "' You're an ould fool, .Mister B3ragin.' serI. "' You're a young thief,' sez he, ' an' you've bnlk my heart. you an' Annie betune you.' "Thin he bkean cryin' like a child as he lar. I was sorry as I had never been hefore. 'Tis ant awful thingto see a strong man cry. - " ' I'll swear oan the cross ' eex I. "' I care for none av your oaths.' sec he. "' Come back to your qsarters,' selI, 'ion' if you don't believe the livin' you. shall listen to the dead,' sea I. "I hoisted him an' tuk hin back to his quarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, 'here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' "T' You've shamed me before my wife,' he whimpers. "'Have Iso P sez . L ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave you.' "An' I was! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a daclnt woman: cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk rouns me like a cooper rousn' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekaseo I wint into the corner shop an unstrapped leinastic but all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhailt Annie tould sue. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. " Whin ut was done for want av breath, an Annie was beudin' over her husband, I sez: ''Tis all thrue, ins' I'm a b!usyguard asn' you're an honest wonmian, but wviil you tell him of wan service that I did you t' "As I finished speakin, the corp'ril man came up to the verandahan' Annie Bragin shqucaled. The moon was up an' wve cud see his face. "'I can't find her. sez tile corp'ril man, an' wint out likethe puff av a caudle. "' Saints stand betune us an' evul !' eez lra gmn crossfi' himself. ' That's Flahy av the Tyrone Rigmint.' " h' ho was he,' soea, 'for he has given me dale as fightin' this day.' "Bragin tould us that Faishy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, and walked afther they buried him, huutin' for hier. "' Well,' sez I to Bragin, 'he's been hookin' out av Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin' for the lastfortnighit. You may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's been talkin' to you, an' you've been listenin', that she ought to onderstand the differ twist a man an' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, ' an' you've got a wife too good for you. Iastid av which you lave her to be boddered by ghosts an'--ah' all manner av evilspiruts. I'll niver go talkt' is the way av politenesscsto aman's wifeagin. Good nirhtto you both,' se I. An' wid that I rwint awaiy, hlrvin' fought wid woman, mas au' divil in toe heart av an hour. An that's fourteen years gone! C yalls Cork's own city an' the blue sky above ut--a' the times that was--the times that was t" tL'nralm KirPsLGo. It would seem from the more reent dis coveries that tihe milk is the first thing about a diseased cow that is affected. Doctor Babcock savys he can detect in the mill: thq 'epplroach of milk fever and garget a week or tei dtiys before there are any outward signs, by the. formation of an extra amount of ibris n the milk. We all know how sensitive milk is to outward in fluences. XWhy should it not be equally sensi tive to inward'influences ? A fistula or ore of any kind which causes the t·tking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels must poison the blood to a greater or less extent, and I it is pretty generally conceded that tile blood is 1 the source of milk. In case of tuberculosis, thl i milkmust-hobe loaded with the germs of the disese. as the bloodhas to all pass through the diseased or'an. That it is sohasbeen demon strated by e'ding the milk to young anisals. Some stomachs maybe strong enough to resist 1 d destroay the disease germs, but who wsuss to take the chance . :If the isilk- were boiled it sight destroy 'thoe germs. So cooking tfe'aI meat of diseased anismas might destroy the dseie germs n~it.. But it is not a pleasant thought, to say tuo'lsst, that you are-eating i 'hat Wqsodiosaedthatka ysi sily 'Mlalation I hibsh tbe'eaolkng. 