Doctor Spencer's Great Crime. I was tiUirg in my cfti te, half dozing over I nn interminable article ou nutrition in tho last mcdical review- The firo in tho grato was low, tho night was stormy, and the clock was just on the ctroku of eleven. I was about to turu of! tho gt-u and retire, for, being a baohelor, I slept in tho room' conncctcd with my office,, when thero was a i pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for ! thin was something quito new. Middlobury was a decorous sort oi place, i and the pcoplo usually managed to bo token sick at Bia^onablo hours. Old Mrs. Jeromo had been threatening to dio for tho past fivo years, and overy timo I visited her sho solemnly informed mo that when tho do ciaivo moment did como sho desired mo present. But aa nothing ailed tho old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from too high living, I had uevcr yet been called upon to bo present at her death. Now, I thought, it must be tbat old Mrs. Jerome io goiDg. I took up my night lamp and went to tho door. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind nearly extinguished tho light, but, shading it with my band, I discerned tho faco of a woman. 'Como in,' I said, holding open the door, ' Sho dcolincd with a gesturo of im | pationce, I' ' You must como out, and bo quick about | it,' she said, in sharp, derisive voice. ! 1 put on my overcoat without domure, I locked tho surgory door, and stopped into tho I storm. As I did so iha woman laid a firm I h-nrt nn mvnrn. nnrl nti-.!tnrr her fnno ,.|n»n to mine, raid : '?Dootor Lockw^od, can you keep a sccrot?' ' I think no, madam.' ' Swear it.' ' la this sccrot of yours of a professional character? That is, is it anything you wish to confide in me as a mcdical man?' '?It b,' ' Very well, then, I awear it.' ' That is lijht.' A man rcspects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, sinco men's mouths aro running rvcrwith them. ' Whilhcr are you tilting me, aud for what purpose?' 'To tlio Clifton IIouBQloeeetbo mistress, ' wns tho reply. I started. Cliftcii IIoufs was tho old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a stranger to every one ia Middlobury. Sponcer was a tall, dark, raihcr distinguished looking person, who had bung out bis sign in the village only a few doer* abovo mine, but aa yot ho had 110 practice, llo waa unsociable in tho extreme, avoidirg hiantighborspersistently.and when ho did fpeak it was in so curt, half sava^o a way that no ono was likely to prclrug tho convtr:ation. The doctcr had n wife, it was said, but no one had ev^r'scen her. She was an invalid, and Misa Mwlrcse, a friend- of tho family, presided over tho house, and eat at the head of tlie table. Miss Rltlrosc was very beauti ful, and won tho admiration of all who viuited Clifton ileuso by her caso of manner and fascinating conversation, 'Aa wo walk a'lo.ng, let mo explain to y^u just what i3 nccrssary for you to know. My midtrcsa is very ill,' said my companion. ' I beg your pardon— ia it Mrs, Spencer or Miss Melrose?' She laughed bitterly. ' Miss Mvlrcee 1 1 would Btab her to tho heart sooner than own her for n mistress. and of gentlo biitb. It iu an honor to serve her.' ' And iB sho ill! How long siccs?' ''J3 or since she married bim— curso him I' she mut'ered, in a fiercer tone. u But I must not get excitcd. I must tell my story, or raihcr hers. Two ycaru ago, through the deuro of her dying father, Alice Ilendon be came James Spencer's wife. Before that eho | was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately after their marriago sho began to fail. Do you sco anything strango in that?' | ' Not necessarily.' ' Ijft mo enlighten you further. Doctor Spcncer'was at ono timo engaged to Miss Lucille Melrose, but .bo broko (ho engage ment, r.nd married my mistress instead. Misa ua jiuui uh uuuti burituy. niiua Hendon waB an heiress, and Doctor Spencer waa deeply in debt and bard presecd by bis creditors. Do you eco anything strange in that?'-. 'Perhaps so. Goon.' ' When my mistrets mariicd Spencer Bho waa only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in everything. She waa a gentle, afuctionato ohild, and it would have been cany for Spencer to havo won her love. But ho did not c&ro; for that. It paid his debts and bought him fast horses ; it set his tablo with nice and crstly dkhe?, and put it in his power to keep Misti Melrose rnJi»d liko a queen. And all thia time my mistrcsB has been slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think Bho is not dying of diocase, but of '--oho lowered her voice to a whisper as sbo rpokc tho word ' poison 1' ' Impossible 1 This is a grave charge.' 11 Of poison given her by hor husband, who, at her death will have the sole control of her property and bo free to marry Misa Melrose. There ia no time to explain tho details of tho thouaaud and ono circumstanco which haB led me to bclievo it, for wo aro almost at tbo door. It ia never tho case that Mies M'.lrose and Spencer arc out tho houso at tho same time, or I should have oallcd a physioion bo fore ; but to-night they aro both oallcd away by the death of Miss Melrose's sister, and will not bo back until to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I came for you, and 1 oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you eavo her. I nursed her when her mother died and left her a holpleaa infant ; a'l through her innocent youth aho was like an own child to me ; and now tosee her fading hourly before my eyes 1 Great Heaven 1 If I know beyond a doubt that ho was guilty, his life should pay tbe forfeit.' 1 was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had never seen her, and like her own nuiee I was begiuning to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spencer. Mrs. Spencer received mo in her bed chamber. It was on the second floor, and was furnished with exquisite elegance, Everything in tho room bespoke tbo refined tasto of the occupant. The warm sir was fragrant with tho odor of heliotropo, and glancing around I saw tho purple bloaaoms and green leaves'in an alabnstcr vaso on tho edge of tbo south window. bho was a woman who; oncc seen, could never bo forgotten, I have met in my lifo many a beautiful woman, but never ono so lovely. She waa tall and straight, with a purely oval face, liquid brown oyes, and a , dash of hcctie in her cheek whioh is not seen in health. She received me.graoefully, as I i know sho did every one, and though thoro I was a slight ombarrassmont in ber manner when I spoko ot her illness, sho answered my professional inquiries without hesita tion, , As for myself, I laid aside all false dolicaoy and questioned her plainly as to Iter symp tome. Mrs. Ilurd, the nuree, remained in the room, and added many important items of information. When sho spoke of her husband it was with a sort of hopeless sadness which distressed mo greatly. Not a breath of auspioion against bim was in her answers to my ques tions, and I felt sure that r.t present obo know nothing of such serious apprehen sions. I was glad it war bo, for, with her finely strung organisation it might havo produced serious results, I mado my examination of tbo patient aa closely .aa I could, and drew my nun conclusLcp. I couM have sworn that Mil*. Spencer daily hwuIIowcU arsenic in email 'juuiililicfl, and tbe deadly drug wah telling on Jar consti'uticn. Sbo- HAid, antwsring my quoa'ionP, tbr.t she had no phybician ixccpt her huuband. Ho thought himuolf bolter acquainted with her ease, and therefore bolter qualified to treat her. Ho never left raediciuo for her to take ; ho always brought it from hia office and administered it promptly. Thero was littlo I could do in snob a ease. Anxious to do everythirg, tho very circum L'tai c:s of tho affair left mc nearly powerless, A cbargo of such nature, of course, I could not make against Dootor Spencar without the proof. It I hinted a suspicion everyone would set it down to my professional pre judice ; aud if I could not substantiate my statement tho doctor could make mo pay dearly for euch a slander uttered against him, Tho only dcpcndcnco seemed to be in Mrs, Ilurd, To her I unbosomed myself freoly, I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spcnccr waa killing his wifo by clow po'aon, and I besought her to constantly watch to Bavo tho victim, and discover eomo proof by whioh wa can fa&ten; tho guilt on her hus band. Sho smiled grimly and promised obedicncc, and I gavo her a powerful antidote for the poison 1 suspcctcd, aud went home perturbed and anxious in mind. ? I did not sleep that night, and all tho next day I was in a high fever cf cxcitement. A ring at the hell mado me tremble— a step on tho gravel out ride ray cllioo stopped ray breath, ond I hardly know what I cxpeotc-d to hear® I felt euro that I should hear something beforo I slept, . And now I must tell tho story ac it was told to me. Doctor ttpencer returneu nomo tno morning after ray visit to the Clifton House. Ho looked wretchedly, the nurso said ; appeared gloomy aud deprcsrcd. Miss Me^roee came with him, and looked decorously saa over tbo death of her eister. Women of her stamp always do uiouru to psrfcotion. They noithcr overdo orunderdothe thing, aa women of feeling aro likely to do. Doctor Spencer camo at ones to his wifo'fl chamber. Ho thought that she looked ill, and prescribed n cordial at onco, paying ho wodM go and fetch it. ' You aro always ordering cordials for hor,' eaid Mrs. Ilurd, musingly. ' Why not take something yourself I You look like a ghost I' Doctor Spencer eyed bar keenly, but replied oomposcdly : ' 1 think I will tako some of tho cordial myself, for I do not feel quito well. Alioo dear, t-ball 1 bring it hero and drink your I health ?' Mra. Spencar smiled sadly in aasent — Bhe never disputed her husband — and ho went out. Presently he returned with two glaeses. Both contained liquor colorless and odorless. Mrs. Ilurd was watohing biui with her heart in her throat, for sho told rao that she felt tho deeisivo moment bad come. There waa something in tho grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face tbot told her of a dc?per ate purposo in tho man's t-oul. Ho lifted iho glass to the right of tho tray and gave it to his wife. ' Drink it. dear.' be said. ' L'a ft panscca for all evils. I aui also going to tako a glass of it,' and he pointed to tho glasa still on the tray, Mtf. Spencer accepted, and waa putting it to her lipa whon Mra. Ilurd interrupted. ' It you will bring her a tumbler of water, dootor. Mrs. Spencer complains that tho cordial leaves a bad taste^in her mouth, and my old bones are so full of rheumatism tbat it nearly kills mo to go down stairs.' The doctor turned and bent ou her a look ns though ho meant to road ber through. But sho kept her face paesive. If ho bad any suspicions ber manner quieted them, and putting down tho glass be left the room. Then Mtb. Hurd ohanged tbo position of tbe glasses. When he camo back — and ho was gone but a moment — tbe nurao stood exactly whero he bad left her, and Mrs, Spenesr was lying baok in ber ohair wi*h her eyeo cioecd. Again ho lifted tho glass— this timo it was the ono intended for himself — and placed it at the lips of hia wifo. Sho owallowed tbe contents, drank a littlo of tbe water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. 'Now for my own oordial,' ho said, with r.ficoted gaiety,' ' I indulgo in something stronger,' As ho spoke ho tossed off the mixture. ' It mado mc stono cold to my fingers' ends to sec him do it,' said Mrs, Ilurd, re lating tho circumetanco to mo, 'but as ncavon in my witnesa I felt no conscience. I argued liko this : ' If it waa simply cordial, it would do no harm ; it it was poison, hia blood would be upon bis own sinful head,' ' He went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining cf fatigue. Iu tbo morning they found him dead. 1 was called to tbe post-mortem examination, and wo discovered in the stomach ot tho deceased a eulliaient quantity cf a deadly poison known to modern Boicnco to kill half a dozen men. My brother physioians agreed that tbo man was insane, and ht\d probably taken the dose in ono of hia uneettled fita of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even beforo Mrs. Hurd told 'hor story, I had my own theory as to the cause of bia death, Thero was no publio ex posure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make tho wretched t flair publio, and so wo kept our own counsel. Mis3 Melrose, in spite ot my oonviction tbat sho had an activo part in the conspiracy againdt Mr?. Spcncer'o life,' I oould not help pitying. Suob a miserable, worn and bapgarei face as hers I bavo never eeen, and when they buried Dootor Spencer Bbo wqb confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended ber in her illness, but, though sbo recovered in health, she waB ncv^r herself again. Sho waa a harmless maniao, whose delight was in gathering flowers and dcoora ting the doctor's grave with them. She iB living still, and still gathers flowcra and lays thom on that grave, Binging to herself a low incantation, which no ono ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spcnccr had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under tbo violets, did Alice know the perfidy 'of. ber former husband. When I told her, after tbo first shock was over, sbo oropt into my arms and whis pered : ' But if it bod not been for James' crimo I should not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes oomea out of evil.'' Wiiat ia tbe reason tbat all children aro geniuses— though they oontrivo so Boon to outgrow tbat dangeroua quality— except that they never crosB-examino themsclvca on tbe subjeot7 The moment that process begins, their speech loses its gift of unexpectedness, nnd thoy becomo as tediously impertinent as tho rest ot us. % Practical application is tbo only mordant which will set things in tbo memory. Study, without it, is gymnastics, and not work, which alono will get intellectual bread. No ono can ask honestly or bopefnlly to bo delivered from temptation unlees he haB himself honestly nnd firmly determined to do the beet bo oan to koap out of it, A man will bo behind while ho follows a leader, and will comprehend the sense ot Iub own exist&nco; only when ho goea inde pendent. Natuhk is upheld by antagoniBm. Passions, resifitanoe, danger, aro educators. We acquire tho strength wo havo ororcomo. Treat all men end womon considerately and you will, bo surprised at tbo dividends that corcc to you daily nnd yearly. It ia a wiyo rule to tako tho world as wo fiod it, net always to le&ve; it eo, j ... }'? 