PRETTY JANE. 'This befell intheolddays, and, as my friend Private Mulvaney was specially careful to pkea dear, the Unresgenerte. There had beena royal dog fight in the nmullah at the back of the rifle butts between learoyd's Jock and Ortheris's Blue Rot-both mongrel Rampur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happv, howling minutes, and then Blue Rot colapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and we wereall very thirsty. A dog fight is a most beating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Rampurs fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deerm some- respects. Any talk offighting seems to wake up a sorrt of fap In their breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider themselves supeaorto privates of the line: it shows the rni ginfluence of civilisation and the march Tde voked, tale, andeach tale more beer. Hen dreamy Learoyde'seves be n to brighten, and he unburdened himself of a long hetory in which a trip to Malham Cove. a girl at Pitely Brigg, a gauger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. "An' so Ah ot's yead oppen from t' chin t' hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' amonth," concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvaney ame out of a reverie-he was vly ing dow-and flourished his heels in the air. "' You're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, "but you'veony fougat wid men, an' that's an iry-day expaynrience; but I've stud up to a ghost, an' that was not ivry- day expayriene." "So," sid Ortherm, throwing a cork at him. "Youn git pan' addres? the 'on--you a'yr expnyCience. Is it abigger one nor "'Twas the livin' trat'!" answered Mal aney, stretchingaut abuge arm and cateching Orthors by the ollar. "' ow, where are ye. me son? Will ye take the woeurd av theLorrd out av my month another time?" He shook him to e hybaaise the Question. "\o, somethin also, though,'said Ortheris, making a dash at MUalvaney s pipe, eapturing it and holding it at arm's length. "Pll chuck itaesttbsne nullh if yo don t let m e go!" "'Youmanaudin' hathen! 'Tie the onlytntty Iiverloved. Handle her tinder or I'll chuck you acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk Ah! Giveher bhsckto me, sorrt?" Ortheria had passed the treasure to my land. It was an absoltel perfect ay, as shiny a the black ball atool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. 'Villroun tell us about the ghost fight if I do?" I sid. "Is utthe shtory that's troublin' yodi? A eoorselwill I nt to all long. I wasonly gitin' at my own way, as Popp Doggle aid whin they oundhim tri' to ram a camtidge down th an erhm eth rie, fanll away!" SHe relesed the little Londoner, took his pite, filledit, and his eyes twinkled. He has the moat eloquent eyes of any one that I know. "Did 1 iver tdlyo," he bean, "that Iwas wanst the devil av a man?" "You did," said Learoyd, with a childish gravity that made Orthers yell with laughter, or Mlraner was alays unpressinag pon us his merits inthe old days. "Did I tver tell you,' Mulvaney continued calmly, "that I was wanut more av diril than I am now?" "Her-ria! You don't mean it?' said Or therias. "Whin Iwas Corp'ilI was rejuced after wards, hbut, as Isay, whin I was Corp'ril,I was a devilof a man." He wasmentfor nearly a minute. "Eyahl They was great times. ra old now: myhides wore offin patches; sinthry- go has disconceited me, and I' a married man to. But r've had my day, I've had my day, and nothin' can take away the taste av that! Oh, my time past wh?n I put me fat through ivery ivin' wan av theTin Commandments between Revilly and Lighta Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wipedme mustache wid the back ar me hand an' slept on at all as quist as a little child! But ut's all over, at's over, an' 'twill niser comeback tome: not thoughI prayedfor a week of Sundays. W'as therem any wan in the ould ri;'mint to touch Corp'ril Teensae Mel aner?? I nirer met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afther 'in those dars, an' ivory man as my dearest frend or-I had stripped to him an' we knew who was the betther man av the ta. "Whin I was Corp'ril I wad notha' changed wid the Colonel-no, nor yet theCommandher in-Chief. I wad be a sargint. There was nothin' Iwud not be! Mother av Hivin, look at me! Fahat am I now? But no matcher! I m t get to the ther ghosts-not the wans in my ould head. "Wewasquartered inabig?entonmint-'tis no manner a use namin' names, for nt might give the baaiha diarepitaion-an' I was the Imperar avthe earth to my own mind, an' wan or to women thought the tame, small blame to thim. Aftherwehadlsinthere ayer, Bragin, the Colonr-mrgint or E Conp'ny, wint an' tuk a wife th?u was a ldy's maido some biglady in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Ira. gin-died at Kirpa Tal, or at may have been Almorah-seven-nine years gone, an' Brigin heanarie agin. But ahog a pretty woman when Broin introduced her to cantonmint society. She had eyes like the breown a a bitthernly's wing whinte r ean atches nt, an' a button aw mouth I waould ha' gone through all Ax brisflin' wid by'nisi to get a isse at. An' her hair was as long as the tail at the Colonel's charger-forgive an menstinin' that blundern' baste in the same mouthful with AnTieandgi a- t 'twas all sbpan gold, an time was whin a loo av rt wa more than d mond to me.. There was nicer a pretty woman yet an' h ve had thruck wid a few, cud open the door to Annie Bragin. "'Twasinthedchapl saw her lat, me oi rolinground a uual to se frat was to be seen. 'You'retoo goodfor Bragin, my loves this I to myself, 'hutthat's a mistake I can patstraight or mynme is not Terenre MIul. " ow,tnae my wrrd for ut, youn Ortheris there an' Le royd a' ps out av Married Qaters-asl didnot. sogoodloercomesaof , an' there's always the chanen a oeeor bein' fod wid your fscein the dirt, a long ricket in the back av your head, an' your ands pyin' the tes on the tread av another man's .d ntep. 'Taso wefound O'Iara, hethat affertyknilled six yeaMsgen, whin he wint to his death wid his hair oiled whistlin ' Larry O'Boarke' betunehis teeth. Rape out av the Married Quarters, I s?a, as I did not. 'Tis on. wholesim, 'tis dangerous on' 'las ircrrthiu that's had, but-oh, me s, wl, 'es swate ;hile itlasts! \- "Iwaseiways bahgin' about there whin I was offdutysand Bragin wasn't, hut nirer a sweet word beyou' ordinar' did I get from nie Bragia. 'Tinthepeorolty ov the Lect, neezatomyelf, an ?a?te my cop another coct an my hbad on' osraightcnrJ my bock --an' wintoff tha' I did not core, aid all the women in the Hrri ed Qeters hauhin'. I woe *yrhuaded-most boys are. I'm thinhin'-thut no WOmen boren at women von stand against 'mavthald.upmvlitttefgvr thd reason for thinhis' that way--till I met Annielira iu. "Time and u'in whin I was hlandoandhorin' fn' the dask.amnn wouldgo lent me as qluiet asacat 'Tlhat'quare 'thiksaI. ' ',uorIum, orshudbe. theonly man in tho-se ports. Now iant devilment9an Annie be up to?' Thin I alled myself a blaygnard for thbikin' such thiss; butIthournt thim all the a n'e. An" thnO mank you. is the awns'r a man. * "Waneoenin'Ia.id: 'Mra' Bm?ie. manin' no direspect to you, who is that ?re'ril man' -Ihadseen the sraler, though I rud nivtr get oghto av his fac--'tho is that or'ri man that comes in ulw~as when I'm -oin' "'Hother as God:' sea she. turie' as white s my belt: ' hare you seen hir, tool' "'Seen him!' e.n I; '3,r course I hTe. Didye want me not to see hin for'-we were atandin' taLkin' is the dhark, outside the verandah of Ilarso's qurters--'yonred better tell me to shut me eyes. Ouros I'm mistaken, he's come veoe. "'An' eure enough, the corp'ril man was atliOn'tous hangn'hj head dowsn s though he was ahameel ao himself. "'Good naiht. Mrs. ragni,' eez I. very cool ''Tis not for me to iuterfere wid your amoors-but you might manage these tings widmore dneency. I'm ofireto ctren.' I e. "I turned on my heel an' wint away. awearin' Iud gdve that man a dhrsain' that wad athoe him mesain' about the .Married Qaortersfora monthan' a week. I had ot tok ten paces before Annie riugin was hangin' on la myarm, and I cud feel that she was phakin' all onr. \- "'Don'tye gto, Mister uIlvaneyl'see she. 'You're fleshand blood at the last-are ye notP' "'I'm all that,' see I. an'my aM'erwrit awayin a flush. ' Will I want to e asked, twrie., Anie?' .?azir, for, bedd, I fanced the had sur rinderid at discretion, an' the hoaonr at war \- ?rem ne. " .J".?a aotssq smi~alanos sy otIh r ;m l "' Did yenotsay just now that I was flesh and blood ' sea I: '1 hare not changed since.' I eez, au' I kep' my arm where ut was "1 Your arms to yoursill ' sez she an' her eves sparkled. 'Sure 'tis only human nature,' sea I; an' Ikep' my arm where ut was. "" Nature or no nature,' sex she, ' ou take your arm awayor I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter the nature of your head. Fwhat d'you tako me for t' she ser. " A woman,'sez I, 'the prettiest in bar ricks.' "' A wife,' see she, 'the straighest in can tonmints.' " WVid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mint fwhat she said." "Then you know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell :" I demanded in the interests of science. "Watch the huald," said Mulvaney. "Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle. take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But av the hand lies opren on the lap. or av you see her thryin' to shut ut an' she can't, go on! She's not past reaonin' wid. Well. asI wasayin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin' away. "' Stlhay wid me,' s:z she. ' Look ! IIe's comin' again.' "She pointeI to the verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comin' out an Bragin's quarters. "'le's done that tlhese ive reenin's past,' see Annie Bragmn. 'fO fhat shallI do !' "' Hell notdo ut again,' sez I, for I was fightin' mad. 'NKape away from a manthathas been a thritle crossed in love till the fever's died down. Ile rages like a brute beast. "I wint up to the man in the verandah, manin', as sure a: I sit, to knock the life outav him. He slipped into the open. 'Fwhat are you doin' philanderin' about here, ye scum an the gutter?' sez I, polite, to give him his warnm'. forI wanted him ready. "Hte nicer lifted his head, but sez all mourn fuland melancolius, as if he thought I wud be sorty for him: 'I can't find her.' sez he. "' My troth,' se. I. 'y ou've lived too long you an' your seekia an" finin's in a dacent married woman's quarters! IIould up your head. re frozen thiei a Genesis,' sez I, 'an' you'll find all you want an' more!' "But he nicer hild up' and I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eye brows. "'That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behindthe blow, but I hit nothin' at all an' nearly put my shoulter out. The eorp'ril man was not there, an' Annie Bra gin, who had been watchin'from the verandah, throwsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's wrnag by the dhrummer bhoy. I int back to her, for a lvin' woman, an a woman like Annie Bragin. is more than a p'rade groun' full avgghasts. dneversena a wonman faintbefore, an' I stadlike a struck calf, askin' her whether she w dead, an' pmayin' her. roe the love at me, an' the oreav her husband, an' the lore avtheVirgin. to opin her blessed eaes again, an' callin' mesilf names undher the canopy av Hivgin far plagu'n' her said my miserable amoors whina I aght to ha' stud betane her an' this oerp'rilmant hat had lost the number av his meas. " I misremember fwhat nonsinse I said, but I wasanot so far gon that I cund not hear a fur on the dirt outside. Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by thesame token Annio was comin'. too. Ijumpedto the far end av the verandahan' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me mouth. But Srs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wifethat was, had tould DIragin about my hangin' 'rotmd Annie. "'That's bad herin',' I sez, an' I knew that the pikets were dhriven in. ' What for, Sar gintP sea L "'Come outside,' sear he, an' I'll showyonu why.' "'I'n will',' sezI. 'but my stripes are none so cold that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do Igo out wid ?' se L "He was a quick man an' a just, an' saw fwhat I wad be afther. ' Wid Mrs. Bragin's hsband,'asea he. Hemigbtba' kaown by me anin' that favour that I had done him no wrong. . "'I wint to the back at the arsenal an' strippea to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I end do to prevent him killin' himself against my fistes: He was mad as a dumb dog-justfroth. ing widrag; buthe ad nochanst wid me in roach orlearnin' or anytlhing else. "' Wllya hehr reanon sea I whin his first wind was rnnnin' out. "'Not whoilelcan sre," see be. Wid that Igarehim both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down an the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick crow. "'Will ye bearreason now, ye brave man" sea L " Not whoile I can speak,' sez he. stageerin' upblind as a atump. I was loath to do it. butI wintround an swung into the jaw side on an'sbifted ut a half pace to the lef'. "' Will ye hear reason now i' se. I: 'I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tis like I well hart yea.' " ?ot wholle I can stand,' he mumbles out a one cornmer av his mouth. So I closed arn' threw him-blind, dumb an' sick ; an' jammed the jaw straight. " You're an ould fool, Mister Bragin.' .ez I. S"'Yo're a young thief,' sez he, 'an' you're brsk my heart, you an' Annie betune you.' "Thin he began cryin' like a child as he lar. I was sorry as I had never been before. 'Tis an awful thing to see a strong mant cry. " I'll swear on the eroos !' see I. "'I enre for none av your oaths.' sez he. "'Come back to your quarters.' ez I, 'an' if you don't believethe liin' you shall listen to the dead,' sea I. "I hoisted him aan' tuk him back to his qaarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, 'here's a man thatyou can cure quicker than me.' "'You've shamed me before my wife,' he whim en "' el so sez I. ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhrssin' down worse than I gave you.' "An' I was! Annie mcagin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dninnt woman cud use that was not given my way. I'rve had my Colonel walk rou' me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minutse in the ord'ly-room bekase I wint into the corner shop an unntrappedlewnatic, but all that I iver tuk from his rasp a a tobogus was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' thit, m.rk you, is the wra an a woman. " Whlt ut was done for want av breath, an Annie was beudin' over hicr hu-band, I sez: S'Tie all thrue, an' I'm a blargunrd arn' you're an honest woman, but wril you tell him of Ian service that I did you' SAs I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came up to the verandahnu Annie Bram'n shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. "' I can't find her, se. the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the putf av a candle. "' Saints stal:od rtune us an' evul ' se. Brn gin cro~sin' himself. 'That's I lahy av the Tyrone Iigmint.' "' Who was he,'e I.'for he has given me dale sv ti-htin' this day.' " Bragin tould us that Fslahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife a cholera in those quarters three years gone, aon' wint mad, and walked afther they hurian him, huntis' for her. ' VWeu' see I to IBrogin, 'he's been huooin' out av Purgatorn to taps cumpany sa.d Mrs. Ulragiairry evenlin' for the lat fortnight. You may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that 'he's been talkin' to you, an' you've been istenin', that she ought to ondreastad the differ twist a man an' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, 'an' you've got a wife too good for you. Instid av which you lave her to be boddered by ghos an'--an' all manner av evilapiru l' l uairer go takin' in the wayan politeness to aman's wife agin. Good night to you both,' sez I. An' wid that I want away, havin' fought wid woman, manet au' divel in te heart av an hour. An that's fourteen years gone! Eyah. Cork's own city an' the blue sky above ut--an' the timeu that waus-the time that was!" RUnYArDn GKarseo. It would seem from the more recent di!. covwries that the milk is the lirst lthing about a diseased cow that is affected. Doctor Babcock says he can detect in the milk the approach of milk fever and garget a week or ten days before there are any outward signs, by the formntion of ans etre amount of fibriu in the milk. We all know how sensitive mitk is to outward in. fluences. Why should it not be equally sensi tive to inward influences ? A fistul or sore of any kind which cruses the taking u?'"of poison ordiseased matter by the absorbent eseelmtst poison the blood to a greater or less extent, and it is pretty generally conceded that the blood is the source of milk. In case of tuberculsis, the milk must be loaded with the germs of the disease, as the blood has to all p through the dieaseed organ. That it is a h been demon. stratedby feeding the milk to young animals. Some stomachs my be strong enough to resist and destry the disease grms, but who wants to take the chsance f if the milk were boiled it might dest the germs. So cooking the pot of diseased animals 'might destloy the dias germs in it. t it is not a plasant ti ?ght,?tothe b ein t, that you m eating w as4~ vo dt at ou al, a hsation the cookies.l~ 