YESTERD \Y'." A TALE OF NE \V". SO DTK YATiES. By " OvEitT/ANDion;" ' , ': Written specially .for the Daily Northern Argus'.. . AUJtiphts Deserved. : ' . ' CHARTER XXVIII. \ ' APPBAW8 .FOR--!THB-iT,A8T>' ' Miss, : time. > ' bix montlis pnssocl "iiiitl; ,'wi liter caiiio with its cutting winds imd cold, oloav atmosphere. Dick and his mates had been working steadily, expecting caeli " washing up" from thoir claim to 'bo tho last. Thoy had workod hard"and with groat success, '.but tho cud canto at last, and quite suddenly.. Liko most alluvial . claims the gold iu .this one was workod out in a four months, hut strange to say their last washing had been the' richest. ' ; ' ".Shfe's done," cried tho dwtirF, wliori tho gold- boaring eavth..,gavo rio.roaiilts in tho cratllo; ' "And lasted well,"' said Charley.' "There's wisdom in (Stafford's Folly Master Dick, but the lode's clean gone this timo and the sooner wo give it best tho bettor." Dick throw down tho ho Iliad been using to stir up tho dirt in -. the craulo with. " I'm satisliod," lio said, " as long as thcro was gold to bo had I could rivork 011, hut thoro's no need for prospecting.', As it is >vo shall go off. .tho . diggings now': with ton .thousand oach. Mrhy, 'Bill, you'll be getting spliced, oh - " Getting spliced ? Not ! ; Queens- ' land is my trip noxt. Mo aud Charley have talked it over oftori, butnover had tho ready cash to; pay for tho trip." " It's our ; last night,, .if you'yo all agreed, so .wo'll/go up .to tho township and sco somo of tho boys and thon off out of this." : : . " Alright," said Dick, " it's all ono -to inc. For two straws I'd go to Queons- laiul with you, but— AVhy did lio hesitate ? ' Evor since that evening his hand had beon kissed by Mabol ho had thought of hor. In his despair and regret when Molly lay wounded at 'his foot ho; had cried, "I love you, I lovo you," hut did ho lpvo her? He had always adinired Mabel, but novor thought of her moro than a cousin should think of a cousin. But somehow ho felt a vaguo regret wlien she did not see tho hand ho held out to her in tho prison. And then,- when she prossed hor lips to it in- the carriage, a senso of comfort and sympathy filled his heart, and from that moment lie never, ceased to think of hor. . Tho mad- atowa /passion,- regrot, and a lpnging for-f3#ganco that swept over him on tho nigliWof the murder, had- passed away almosf" as quickly as' it had come, and peace reigned; oneo irioro in his heart, 1 11 a wild impulse lio had uttorcd . words on. the moonlit road which only the passion, of the moment had called forth. Ilis was a nature which could not bo Imwod for long iri grief, and apart from that eventful night his life had gone smoothly, consequently hifc heart grew; light. Tos, and. if tlio truth riiust.be told, a pnir of grey, eyes seemed- for ever looking into his heart with pride, truth, and iovo in their depths. . They' seemed to speak to him of hope, sympathy, and peace iri tho future. They seemed' to tell him . of a strength of purpose lio did not possess. .. In tho , depth of his misery, disgrace, and despair, those grey eyes of Mabel's seemed to ponetrate tho darkness of tlio prison cell as a ray of light. When he left the carriage, and j they gave him one fleeting glance, they t gave liim comfort, and as tho days and months passed away, and tlio memory of past ovonts began to be less vivid, those grey eyes took possession of his heart and soul. Ho did not wonder how it was ho had never before discovered how dear tliey were to him. It was k enough that thov looked into his soul | with love and truth. How she had I become so ho did not leuow, did not I seek to kriow, all he knew was that ho i loved her, as ho never loved before. | Mabel was all the world to liim; No I wonder ho hesitated when ho talked of I going to Queensland with liis riiates. I "if think you had better make tracks for your uncle's place, Master Dick," 1 said" Charley, "the, partnership's up yer know, we've each had orir try." |g| " Yes, aud you had tlio last horse, hut 9n the winning onb, Master Dick," roared Wa Hill. « Come on, let's gather up tho |9| tools, and getaway to dinner. Ave can M afford a spoil, I reckon." R So tlio ground was deserted, the tools V woro gathered together arid our; tlireo, minors walked away to tho tent to have W. tho mid-day meal before starting for the W townsljip. R They reached tho township at sun- R down, and had tea, and as usual began SB strolling about tlio streots,' smoking. HI Tlio place was crowded and the noise B deafoning. Hr " Hero's a lark," roared Bill, and ho H quickened his paco. The report, of a revolver was heard, and then another. H A crowd was gathered round tho door- W way of a narrow passage, leading into a r public' house. But as tho shots wero n fired bv a man in tho pnssage, tho crowd ¥ split up on all sides, showing its anxiety I to e'scapo stray bullots, while four ' troopers wero plainly visible in front of the doos. As Dick and his mates ran thnmnfd opened and tho troopors enmo runrifiMyfrom the doorway, carrying a fallen somrado. Shouts and confusion arose on all sides, and tho man who held tho possession bolted out of the door, knocking down the troopors liko ninepins and firing point blank at all who came iu his way. Thus I10 gained tho street in a moment, tho revolver smoking in his hand. Ho camo out of the passage so suddenly, and with such a rush that ho almost ran against Dick, who had just como up to see the row. Boforo Dick knew whore he was a rovolvor was thrust in his face, but boforo it could ho fired the man was seized by tho legs and thrown to the ground. , Tlioro was Bill, again at his old work, tho man had no soonor fallon than tho dwarf was on top of him, and bad his long fingers settled comfortably "build liis throat iu an instant. ; But bis struggles woro short,', for ' Cliqrloy niul Dick helped Bill, imd the 'crowd gathered round. Tho polico rushed' up aiid then thero was a smothered report. Everyone thought his neighbor wiis hit vi lion ho found himself unhurt,' hut tho jrian -had shot himself by accident or' (pjhqrwisq,' nri 6no kneiv; Iri liis violorit struggles to get his arm from under liim" tho' -rovolvor had gono off, tho' ball ontoiin'g -his -oTio'sfc. Hp gavo 0110 or two convulBivo kicks .and then lay motionless, iVstreath' of blood' rtiriiiing front his sido bito tho dust; : Dr. Hooker was'prcsont. ITo had hftdimnny whiskies that evening apd - was not;pavtienlarly steady,' but lib' ; managed - to jilaco his hand on tlio man,' nrid'proriouncb lifo to ho iextinCt. . : " ': ; " Collins,' by tho :h'oly!poker;!" ejaeu-i iiitod tlio dwrtrf;! takihg ;a good lbbk at! (ho dead riian's.fiieo for tho first tiirib-; : : ""What was lip ?" alikbd Oliarloyid j " . ; " Ho wits oho of the gang that-stiick; up ! 'tlio niail last : week,''-' said » tlio coil-' stalilc', arid Avb hitd to- take ;hiili;'' Brit tlioro was another' job ho'did-yeitrs'iigoi itiid wo - liavo- had cyidoneolatoly,' so ho would' have ' be'cit I strung iulp- ' any way." ; ' . j" Good job; lie's got ! a 'ball in'1 Jlii&; ribs," remarked ctbo dwarf,;1 "tlioiiglv it- soenis - tb'-have ' disagi-eed '''witli bint a lot."' -b-V- -i " "It's worsni than': : A mnrihn." ariirl; Ilookor. ; " It's shobtirig on - sight this;' you- know,- or— ltic — let's g0— rhave' otSr-- ,hic— drink; quito or niisottlod— liie'-iny v— hie — noryos;1 some - follow— hie—get . shot hero ' 'BOine 'tinie-rdcli's ,rgo; and; Ifind — — " but the doctor at this juncture'- Avas - taken away by: a friend, staggering as lie wont. . ' r . ;; ;It- . . was' Into that night- when '.our diggers returned to camp. ' 'Brit it was- their last night 011 thc diggitigSi :for the: following day thoy were off for ; good. Dick laid a\vake:a'good while thinking of his charigo of forturio,' and wondofirig if! Mabol would -welcomo him back to llanga with tho smile' she; used : to wblconie him with in days 'gqrie by. It aobmed only yesterday, to liim, that lio had mounted Madcap and ridden away, .and yet it was ' almost a -year, TTnd ho not lived for a year, if timo was to be counted by events. Bough -lifo Dick: had scon, or imagined I10 had soon, hut lifo 011 thoso . diggings surpassed allbo had ever thought of. ;If tho -roador has over been thero lib will quitengreo with tho author.' It- is a ehnnged placo now. Shafts have fallen ..in, and .windlasses have rotted away. Tho piles of yellow earth aro overgrown with rank weeds and tho scrub which onco was lighted by a hundred camp-fires', and noisy -with with many voices, is dark and lonely;- not oven a dead tree fork is loft stand ing to mark tho places whoro camps- liavo boon. All is quiet, lonely, arid deserted. Tho birds twitter in and out of tho bushes by day, and ' tho opossums play at night in the timber, beneath tlio struggling starlight which glimmers through tho foliage. The township lias almost gono too. Tho busy street iB; deserted. All tho . best buildings have boen pulled down; and now goats 'and pigs may- ho seonjying about, basking in'the sunsliino, where once Cobb & Co.'s mail coach could 1 hardly- get down ' to' tho Post Office without running over some body., Tos, they havo all gone; Publi cans, storo- keopers, minors, cheap Jacks, and- the men with three cards and gin case. The street is silent arid over-1 grown with grass rit the edges, and would only be known to havo orico been a street by tlio romains of shattorod buildings 011 each sido. Iloro rind there is a bark hut or tent of somo fossicker, but beyond that thero are no signs of life or habitation. All' has gono, let us go, too, dear reador, forll think thoro.is 110 moro depressing a landscape than a deserted diggings. CHAPTER XNIX. " There's tlio boss's hell," exclaimed AVillie Brocli tho noxt morning, jumping up. from liis stool in tho ofGco. "Lord; Johnson, . spmeono will get tho sack," and I10 rushed to the door of the inner office, crying, " Yes, Siivcomin'." "Take this letter, to llanga, AVillie, rind never mind au answer. Come back as soon as you»can, do you hear ?" , " Yes, Sir ; or, er, can I take & liorso ? er, er " ' .. " No, .there's no liorso .to. triko, you'll havo to walk, liurry up and got bnck." " I'm .off, Johnson," said .AVillio,. returning to tlio outer office, and taking his hat off the peg. . " I've got tlio run, Jenks, I've got tho run, and you'll got it too, when the boss sees those blots on .'cash book." : . .; ,-; "Dry up!" ejaculated Joiinaon, wiping a ruler with his sleeve, while hq stood .up to rule a piece of parchment; Ho did not appear to note what AVillie was doing, aDd as tho other clorks had. thoir hacks turned to him AVillio was enabled to follow out his little, plans without being obsorved. AVith caution, and talking all tho timo, ho quietly took a flat pin cushion from JolinBon's table. Through this I10 pushed quickly several short office pins, and thon pulling up the cover of tho groon cushion,, which added to tho comfort of Johnson while, ho sat in tho chair; (How tho sowing had como undone just at that side AVillio only know.) Ho slipped tho pin cushion in, and putting on his hat bolted. out of tho office. " That boy's a devil,'.' remarked John son, " tho Boss is always threatening him with tho sack, too, hut novor sends him off, I'll bo tho death of——. Great Ciusar's Ghost!" roared Johnson, springing from tho chair lib had just sat down on, and clapping his hand behind: him. "I'm bitten," ho continued, turning pale, " thoro's a snako or red- hacked spidor in that cushion." " A snake," cried another clork, leav ing his desk, clutching a rulor. Cau tiously ho approached tho cushion, and tappod it outsido. " There's somothing in it," exclaimed ho, " sco, it's bulged out on top, look outj Stand roady." IIo took stoady ajm and brought tho ruler down on tho cushion with a, blow which would have broken tlio back- of a turtle. But tho lutrip did not move. " Killed him stone dead," ho said, while ho proceeded' to insert tho ruler in tho covey; .of ! tho cushion, and tholi.', the lriysterious lump was fished qut, tho pin cushion dropped 011 tho floor aud a suppressed 'titter broke from tho clorks that wore gathered around tho chair. . " I'll crush liim' liko a bug, crush hi in lilco a bug," ropoatod- Johnson, rubbing lninscl f and sittin q down cai of u lly ; les t irioro pins might bo, hidden away,. points upward. ' ' - 1 ' . .. . Moanwhilo AVillio - Broclv:wont along- MiUi a. hop, skip, and a jump,,. It \Vas, aj lino, bracing morning, with a slight breczo and clear, crisp air. AVillio had 11,0 idea wlion lie loft tho office of idling ayvay timo, hut as ho bntbrcd tho green ltino thoughts of thoriiror arid tli'o willows gliatoning in tho sunsliino, and a certain elbop pool with a dead tree half buried in the wator flitted through his mind. Ho know, too, a big cod lurked boueath that trco, just whoro tho water tuirihlod -into tlio pool from tho rocks abovo. ' j " Can't stop this morning," I10 thought, rijhilo jiis ( hand '113 thruat in hisvpQckot, and played with a fishing lino which ivjas hidden awriy - thero Willi a heap of other articles;. u'ivJowls c.harp, some kjuieklo bones, 11 ono-bladed knifo, and several inarbles. They wore all stuffed id to tlio" -one-' pocket,' for Kb ' had' 110 others in his clothes.- " There's no harm in comin' homq that way,, I, might havo fin Innlr. Tf.'a n. alin-pf. nnf. " Tlma his thoughts wont from tlio ollico to tho ; brighcvsunsliino, from that to tho river, arid finally to tho .cod ...fish, which had tempted liim many a timo ..from tho path of duly. Ilis thoughts' woro disturbed, however, by tho cantering of a j liorso behind liim, and boforo I10 well know who it was or how to got out of tlio way, Smith, tlio boy who redo " tho old boss," pulled up, dismounted, and bad fast hold of liiin. : ' ' ' L; i",I'yo got yor, ,'ayb . I ?" ...said ( Smith, pauting:,; hard, /.whilq,. ho hold on. to ,thq: struggling. AVillio. , j" Lot us off this time," pleaded AVillio finding th'e strerigtli lib had to cope with biucli' greater than his own, " I was in a hurry that day and am now. Tho Boss 'tald.mo to hurry.up,.!'. ... _.... " Did.', ho ?"t; said ..Smith, oyoing his victim with a' look Of triumph, "it's pretty 'dt to-day, ain't it?" " Not partieular ; but let's go, Smith, this timo, I won't do it 110 moro ; honor bright." - ;" No, you won't get tlio cliaiico agon. Do yon want a- lift ?" V Yes, Smith,'' said AVillio, briglitonirig at oncq with tho prospect of a ride, " I'll bo quick, too." ' - i'; AVoll, jump up then," said Smith, a igtin 011 his face, .while lie- took tho reins and stobd' tis if, to give AVillio V.ri, leg lip." AVillio was- just -putting his foot up ,.to tho stirrup Avlibn Smith grivb him a box on tlio car"' wliich knocked liim down. "Ha, lia, lia," : ho laughed,- " there's a lift for ybr; right uuder tho ear hole," - and-, boforo AVillio could recover himself Smith was cantering rip- tiio lane. " Look in the liqdgo there, Bill, and find the snako you killed, ha, ha, lia'." " "" ' i" Butcher, .lriilk.' 'h'o,.- chops to-day," rojvved AVillio at tho -top of his voice. But all tlio satisfaction lio lmd was to -hdar Smith's loud ha, lia, lia borne upon tli'o breeze as ho, cantered away up tho lano. i Willie: was. a philosopher in liis way. "It's- no good crying over, spilt milk;" ho often said, so instead of. bewailing his fatci he straiglitened his disordered 'clothes,- picked Aip" 'tliolisbi'ng line", 'aritl" his other treasures which, woro scattered about and continuod on liis way, passing a heavy''; debit to: Smith's account, in bis mind for a future settlombnt. Aftor delivering tho letter.. I10 skirted tho garden -and, reached the river. Cau tiously lio approached tlio pool, climbed along tbo dead treb arid peered into tlio depths boneatli.' , All,., what was that brown object? the naughty cod sure enough. "Trembling with oxcitomont ho gazed : ; spell-bound at - the , fish, : then; crawlod Blowly hack. to:tho bank. All thought of offico duty, vanished at once. He drew: the onq-blqded, knife from . his pocket, and laying; , full,, lorigtli; on., the ground . hognn digging eagerly .in :tho earth, " Good. !" hp,.exciaimod, making a divo with his finger% under an old root and drawing out a largo worm. . .. ' " "What are you doing ?" said a swoot. Yoico,; and ..AVillio looked up and saw; Bessio Stafford .standing over, hiin, Swinging 'a garden liat iu hor hand...;,- . " If .you please, Miss," lie replied, " I was just- digging up. a worm." ; ! II Wliai frtll "WllHo Wrtll OlirollT ftllftlif , »f JltVU JUU OUlWiJ.WUglJU to bp, at work .?", 1 ' '1 Yes, I know,'? lie stammered, but, but, I was goin' this way for a short cut and ; pnssing that hole," : ho lowered his voice; " saw. a big cod. under .thetree. It won't ,take a .minute, Miss . Bessio, and if you'll: just wait you'll see some sport.!'- ;i:-, " I'm afraid you're a. bad boy, AVillio," said tho young lady, sitting down 011. a log, But sho was evidently as eager, to seo: tho sport .as ' ho was, for sho let go tho: hat and unwound tlio lino ;Whilp ho baited the hook. It had a cork for a float, and AVillio .soon tied it on to .a stout stick. Crawling again to , tho edge of tho water -ho dropped tlio lino in quietly and waited. Bessio , had an; instinctive feeling that. this boy liadmo right to bo fishing; at. eleven o'clock in tlio morning, but loving tho open ;air horsolfand longing. to seo the sporti she found a hundred excuses for, him. For about tori .minutes tho cork bohbod about, carried liitlipr aud thither by tho eddying \yatprs, aud:tlien it, was suddenly taken undor. ; " Got him'," Bhoutod AVillio, hanging on to the stick might and main. " Got him: — " crack - went the stick in. two. Tho, lino ran- out .but AVillio clutched tho ond of it. For n moment lie thought tho fish had got off,- but tlio lino tightoriod again instantly. " Can't bold him, Miss," he cried. Bessio, flushed witli oxcitomont, flow to his assist ance. - ' ... ' ." AVillio, ho'll drown us," sho screamed, ' "'tho line is cutting my'liandB."1- But AVillio was quite 'equal to th'e occa sion! : : ; : : "Hold on,' Miss," lie exclaimed; his little black eyes fixed on tho water. Tho lino slackonod for an instant, and tho boy ran twice round a ,troo with tho. ondho'liold. ; , " Now," ho said, " you can lot go, I10 lriust . pull the - trco down rir- bust somo thing. : Mean while tho. cod play od a little gmno all to'-himtolf, rushing to tho Vurface and thon . diving again. Ono moinent the lino would slacken, and Bossio, broatliloss with oxcitomont, ox- claimed — \- " He's off, bo's off." Thon it would tighten again and bp strained, .to, it's utmost strength. But tho struggles soon- coasod, wearied but and exhausted' tlio cod gradually catno. to the. top, and at last, amidst much excitement, was landed. 1 ' "1!: "Ain't ho a boauty, Miss," said AVillio, eyeing his prizo, and rolling up his' lirioj' " A' twrinty-fivo pounder, ' at least;!! /Vv-fM;, . :>.' .-y .. - I " Yes, and look at my dross," sa'd Bossio. Her hair had como down, and jtito wind blow it about hor face. Hor Mress was splashed with mud, and hor. h.ftnds!t.\voro. dirty- and red with holding tiio lino. Truly, Boss, you,. were a, pretty sight' then. 1 As alio realised tho disordered stato of her toilet she began to regret liayin g ; , been carried away by excitement. : " 1 shall havo to go, Willie ; a nice mnoo TSn in nnrl oil waii fnn " auvoo . ui iu, auu jvui ; " I beg pardon, Miss, hut just look at 'im,. ain't, ho: a beauty ? Oh, Lord I" ho okelaimod suddenly, "tlio sun's bang oybrh'erid, Whab will tlio boss 'say ?" -"Yes, what vyill. lio say ?-" said Bessr wliilo slip . thought, |j" AVhat would ho think could lio seo mo now ?" ! " AVillio, I'm off," sho exclaimed; " I'll- spud tlio fish, down to him this afternoon., arid irinko it alright for you, but got off, jquick. You're a naughty boy but I'm as bad.'as .yoUjaro, so gpod-byc." Slip , Bmilecl whilo she spolco and walked away. There was a sort of friendship between those two, notwithstanding thoir diffor- orico in position. Bessio was always kind" to tho' boy "because 'Mabel liked liim, and.: then, ..and thon, well, if, the .truth liuist ho told, AVillie often carried little notes written on pink paper back to the offico, after delivering business letters at ltanga. Notes, lio never seemed to notico ' or speak about, notes which Miss Bossio somehow did not earo to send tho groom with. Ah, Bess, you're a sly puss. It was so easy to so'o Willio coming along tho road, while sho rend at an opon window, and tliori wlion ho was -'going away just slip down and give a letter in an off-hand way care lessly saying — \- " Just'givo that iiotb to'Mr. Clriylon, will you ?" If sho blushed tho .whilo thero was no ono there to seo her hut AVillio. Yos, and Master AVill, young as ho was, know which . sido his' broad was buttered. Soinotimes 'Mabel -kept -him waiting and gavo him . a, cake , or somo fruit, whilo Bessie wrote hor lotlor, and at othors Bbssio" would" often ' give him 'sweets when alio gavo1-' him tlio' lottor'.' 'Many scrapos ' thoso two- girls had got him out of, and so lio-pretended not to seo the bl'ushps, and never spoko about tlio pjnk envoi opes oftori stowed carefully away in his ono pocket,' until he could1 deliver tliem to his master in his own private office. " " ' f ' : ! - # !Tho letter AVillio had taken to Range that morning was about a pastoral property Mr. Stafford.. had purchasod some distance away, and ho was in hopes, now that Dick's name had beon cleared of every 'stain, and lie had been successful in digging, that his nephew would give "up , tho rough life, and per haps tako a managing share in the station. In any caso the property was purchased, and I10 was iu a position to offer Dick an interest. Few people had doubted Dick's innocence, hut thoso who had, now declared thoy could have Btoked thoir existence that he was innocent. Thoso who had turned their backs on hiin when I10! was .in prison, , and. never mentioned, .his ' riariio without riieutally: crossing themselves, now were' always wishing I10 .would give up " that rough nasty life," and woro ready to welcomo him with open armB; There was another reason, too. He was rich again, rumor swelled the amount I10 had made out of digging from ton thousand to a hundred thou sand. Such is lifo. If .you are rich you will have plenty of friends, and tho wrirld will think you are richer than what you are, and give you credit for tltVlbO YV(llWll| IWUB, JfUUl I/LIUJ.UISL1C4 UOVUi possessed. But if you aro poor, it will, look upon -you as scarcely respectable. If you aro down it will endeavor to give you a push on the downward road, but if-, you aro up, and whilo you remain so, it will cringo at your foot. , lAVhen disgrace rested upon Dick some people who belonged to his class of society (without being of it) shook thoir heads gravely, saying— , V I always thought that, young . man would liavo a bad ending," or— Ho lias rbached'tho lowest depths of degradation now.'" ' ' AVhen lio was acquitted legally and mbfally they cried with ono voico— . AVhnt a brave, honest fellow be was, 110 ono could connect liim with critno after seoing bis face onco." So all jriado calls and congratulated his relatives, " who of course would tell dear Riclnvrd liow glad tlioy all woro." This was said by an old lady, ivbo bad two daughters a sliado over twenty four years of ago, with nothing but tho clothoB thoy stood up in, and tho uso of their uncle's crirria'ge. She 'hated Mabel ' from tho bottqm of her wicked old.hoart, but whilo sho spoko she patted tho giij's cheek, and asked ' hor when she . was coming 1 to spend a week- with; them.- 'Thus tho world jogs on, but rich or poor, dear reador, mark out a course for yourself through life. Bo perfectly sure that course is a right one, . arid allow nothing to turn you from it. Treat- all with courtesy, "pay twenty shillings for overy pound you owe, and respect thoso who aro set in authority over vou. But bocauso I10 is rich, or thinks him- solf better than other men, run not after Brown, nor cringe to Robinson, neither heed Smith. Your lifo is aB a barque launched upon tho ocean of oxistbneo, rind if you allow its eourso to bo influ enced by this wave, or that, 'tlio chaucos lire you will ho wrecked in tlio end. Gold 111 alt os tho pedestal upon which upstarts lovo to mount. It is a pure glittering jiodestal; but,' alas, t'when'Wqj look at him whom it, ,1ms apparently raised, wo would fain exclaim, " Sans iptollect, Brins' charity, sans honor, sans everything." . All mou aro porfpet in thoir clabs, but it .is. not! gold' which raises one class, above another, but intellect, honor, rind .'charity1, and; thb' power to resist ovil , ;>: >./< - ( Tpbecmtiji.ued.)., . Pasquinh'Papbbb.— Owing to- tlio longtli to which our instalment of the' talo runs, tho P-iaquin Papers aro unavoidably hold over. 