. Sermon. -BTTNYAN'S THORN IN THE s- FLESH. By the Hev. Albs Whtte, D.D. It hath been my every day's portion to be lot into the evil of my own heart . . and I have folt this thorn in tho flesh the very God of mercy to me. — Bunyan's 'Grace Abounding,' par. 296. There was given to mo a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan, to buffet me, 1 ? *. T «U ? ,1J U- ? 1i._J _1 ? . '- m»u x Duuuiu uu uA.tu.iuu auove measure. — 2 Con. xii. 7. Paul's thorn in^the flesh has been tho puzzle of all his commentators, from the days of Jerome and Augustine down to the days of Jowett and Alford. Paul does not say what it was, and his exposi tors in guessing, have, for the most part, found in Paul's flesh tho thorn that was lacerating their own. Popish and monk ish commentators say it was incessant sensual temptation — a sad commentary on their own mistaken and miserable lives. Luther saw in it injeotions of the devil and blasphemous thoughts, beoauso blasphemy was his peculiar temptation ; and so every man finds his own. Some, again, think it was unceasing remorse for the sin of his youth ; others think it was bodily infirmity, headaches, earache, sore eyes, epilepsy. But nobody knows. It is better that we do .not know, because then every poor wretch can put in his own thorn, and use tho liberty of these commentators. Yet we knew better, we' know Who sent it, and we know why it was sent ; and the everlasting good Paul got out of it. He was a splendidly gifted man ; and' he -needed ballast accordingly. He might have been light-headed, if it had not been for tho balancing thorn. After that glorious revelation, tho Master kept his head from being turned with this. He was ono of the sweetest souls that ever breathed ; and that was greatly duo to this thorn in the flesh. ? I did not put it in in a hurry. No, Paul, you are to carry it to your grave,' said tho Master. John Bunyan had a thorn in his flesh, too, and for the very same reason. He needed it ; for he was a man of great gifts. And to take a man from a tinker's bench and place him in one of the highest pulpits of England, above John Owen and many more, would turn any man's head. It was enough to turn any poor creature's head, to hear the adulation and g raise from Christians who listened to is preaching. It was not a monkish temptation that assailed Mm : he was a healthy-minded, breezy, open- air English man : he was not sore-eyed nor had he the falling sickness. He had a happy home, and tho love and honor of God's best people ; but he had a bad heart, and it balanced tho mind from which came the. pictures of the ' Pilgrim's Progress,' and which gave us the ' Holy War' and ' Grace Abounding.' ' Ho let me down into my heart.' That is the charm of his great style, his use of simple, ohild-like words. But surely it does not need a Divine hand to do that ! Are men such determined fools that they do not know what ia in their own hearts P Do they go gadding about at other people's doors and do not keep their own firesides clean? Yes, they do. They need a divine hand to let them down to their own hearts, to let them down, like Jeremiah, among the dung at the bottom of the dun geon. ' That balanced all my gifts and attainments, to have such a heart ever lastingly in my bosom. ' I would know a man in Princes- street who had seen into his own heart. There is a dignity, a solemnity, a steadyness, a Divine look about such a man. You would know him by his look ; and a woman by her speech and her very dress. Many people find fault with this book, and say it talks too much about sin. I have only one fault to find with it ; it talks too little about it. In his last page— many of you know it well — he says: 'I find seven abominations in my heart, to this day.' And ho tells us what they are ; but they are all on one side, all abominations to wards God. These are bad enough, only I would like to see the other side, tho side towards his neighbor. That is the side we need to hear of, the side that is making our Church life to stink in tho nostrils of our neighbors. That is the spot in the book to me ; it wants that side of sin that is damning my people and my life. When I see my Master speak in* of tho human heart, it is that side He deals with — withanger, uncleanness, envy, and illwill, and revenge. These are the things, Ho says, that come out of the heart of a man ; and it is in such things that Bunyan is poor and weak. Tho second table, says Calvin, is the best for scrutiny. How do you teel to your neigh bor, to the man in the same line of life P Yes, Bunyan is poor on the side that deals with those abominations and desolation of the human heart. When he was to preach ou some smart and searching portion of the Word, he tolls us, he was tempted not to do it in case ho should condemn himself; but he was kept from consen ting. Yet he could not always have re sisted this temptation. He must have had Bmart and searching experiences among his neighbors, but he says nothing about them. Did God ever let you down into the moral dungeon of your own heart? If He did, you are wiser than all your teachers. And if He does not plunge yon among its moral filth, all tho preaching in. tho world would do you no good, hut only harm. Let us go with Bunyan; for a little j you have not sat so long Vithhirn without having your imagination kindled somewhat. Here is the sweet Christian soul, though he had horny hands, in love with Jesus Christ and tho Holy Ghost, in love with salvation, ono of the sweetest, cleanest men in all Bedford county, let down into his own heart ! What an experience that is I Nobody can know it but those who have experienced it. What a tragedy it was ! You do not know what a tragedy is going on among those quito, decentlook ing people here, any more than the people of Bedford know what waa going on under neath the workman's jaokot and under the load of tools, on his shoulder. God was taking him down deer.or and deoper into the splendid school of his own heart. That is an experience that would humble Luci fer himself. ' Lot into '— thero is a charm in that. It is a triumph of literary skill when stories are told in little words ; and Bunyan has just littlo words for God's children. But what a heaven and hell of experience lie under them I He did not say that God led him back to his past life, though it is not a bad thing for a man to be taken back and laid down on the bed he has made, to he made to drink the wine ho has planted. But this is better than that ; to be lot deep into one's own hftnrh f«j n. rrrftnfc final Vmffcor. TPhn nm'onn. ous berry is bad enough ; but if you boil a bit of the. root you have the essence of the poison. In tho great deltas, at tho mouths of the great rivers in Asia and Africa, there are great deposits .brought down by tho current! Tho waste and refuse of forests are laid down, and become covered with flWera and fruits and luxurious vegetation. A man may walk through it in safety, and nover be tho worse ; but if he settles down on it and says to himself, ' I will have a farm here ; I will build a house for myself,' before two days he has digged his grave. So you may walk safoSy and ignorantly on the top; you may go musically and happily, and may oven feast and dance on tho surface ; but let God open it up, and you will say, with Paul, ' I died when He let me into my own heart.' It was not the spade that poisoned the ground : it only let up the deadly gases. To day's temptation did not make you angry and revengeful;, they only discovered you. It was not the- grum bling of the Hebrews put the- passion into Moses' heart ; Moses, with his meek face, had a devil in his heart, and their words only let it out, and blasted his life and theirs. Had David risen ia that moment of his temptation and said, ' Turn away mine eyes from viewing vanity,' the standing shame of saints had never been heard of. It was the arrow of temp tation shot into an unclean heart. It was not the tenth commandment put covet ousness into Paul's heart. It was there all the time. ' Every day,' and not a day to rest him self. But there remains a rest for the people of God ; and Bunyan is enjoying it now. ' Every day.' Do you not see him going out in the morning, throwing a kiss to his wife and blind1 child, and whistling as he goes ; for he has work enough, and can pay hi» fentP He whistles on till he sees a neighbor braaier entering a rich man's boose- to do some work there ; and Bunyan stepped on some orange-peel that minute, and fell, and he was not clean for a month after. And that night he was humble and quiet ; so that his wife asked him- what was the matter. He seemed too bruised to have family worship, he had seen . cause 'to hang down his head.' On' Saturday nights, after his work was done, he would be taking notes out of some Puritian book, thinking it' would be a fine point for his sermon the next day, when a voice would come to him saying. ' John Bunyan, you are to preach yourself to-morrow.' He lay all night like a broken reed ; and his wife prayed for him. She could hardly get him up to go to his people ; and he foil on his way up the pulpit stops. Now, not to lose ourselves in generalities, how long were you out of bed before you saw into your own hearts P I can tell you about myself. I had not my clothes on till I stumbled, and I thought, there is an illustration for my Tuesday evening meeting. I would be afraid to preach to you if I had not these things in my own experience. 'That was my every day's portion,' says Bunyan. After the Israelites entered Canaan, they each received a portion of the land. Now there is not much land in Snotland to be divided ; but there is much experience, and that is better than land. What a portion it is just to have a heart ! And though you were the Queen of England and had not a heart, you would bo a poor creature. What a fearful thing it is, to have within us what may bo the habitation of God or of devils. Our principal portion is in heaven ; and you have to go to it through your own heart. Dante went to heaven through hell, and that is an allegory. He never got his foot on tho mount of sanctifieation till he had gone through hell. Even Solomon,- that worldly-wise man said, ' Ye men of Israel must know the plague of your own hearts.' My dear brethren, do not be juggled out of your own souls. The arch-juggler says, ' They may go to Bible-readings, they may go to prayer-meetings, as much as they like, if I can keep them out of their own hearts. They may go anywhere they like, they may use Christ's name and speak of His blood every second sentence, it T can only keep them out of their owr hearts. That was how ho cheated Ignorance out of his soul ; and Ignor ance's father, and mofher, and broths- are here. ? 