'iovetlit. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; Olt, Lady Chetwynid's Spectre; BeY 't?rs. IIARRIET LEWIS. \--++-- CHAI'TEIR XXfI. A 1'OO IItAVS O REFU'(E. Bernice had no clearly defined plans on leaving the hotel. She knew no one in London. She knew nothing and suspected nothing of the wickedlness that lurks on every side in thegreat metropolis. She had money, and in her simplicity she imagined that she would easily find a home in that great wilderness of houses. But how to find the desired home she did not yet know. She joined the tide of shop girls, and walked on toward Regent Circus in tile gray chill of the early morn ing. Sihe wandered on, hour alter hour, bearing her travelling-bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom she met appeared absorbed in their own affairs, and bestowed scarceely a passing glance upon the veiled and slender young figure that trudged so wearily onward. "It is time that I found lodgings," thought Bernice, with a horrible sense of her luneli ness creeping upoti her. "I must procure thetam immediately. It would be terrible to Iave the--y wear on and the night come and find n'e shelterless." But t! ! task was not so easy as it seemed. There w-re placards in plenty in windows signifsti.? that the houses to which they per taine. ": to be let. And there were little yellow bills anti pieces of white paper in other windows, with the legend, " Apart ments to Let," but the houses were for the most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging.houees, and Bernice recoiled from the frowsy heads at the windlows, the broken panes of glass, and the sli,sihed maids ou the steps. She turned from one street into another, growing more tired and less fastidicus at every step. At noon, nearly exhausted, site went into a paetry.cook's shop anld asked for a cup of tea and a roll. Tense were stupplied her andl she was g;ren a chair,bu tSttttlhdemands in that quarter of KIentish Town were ap parently t et numemtu., and Belnice felt herself to be an object of considerable curiosity to the shopkeeper and single at tendant. On paying her small bill at the counter, she inquired if lodgings were to be obtainetd in the neighb~orhlood, adding that she was a stranger in London and could not give re ferences. "There are lodgings to be had in the neighborhood, Miss-plenty on 'em," replied the shopkeeper; " but references are getter ally required. Some lodging-house keepers may be willing to take pay in advance in. stead. A young girl like you ought not to be hunting lodgings by herself. There's dangers and peri!s lurking on every side for a beautiful young creature like you," naid she looked with compassionate interest tt at the purr, pale, high-bred face,llit up by dark,lsor rowful eyes. " Wly, you are a real lady, Miss. You surely ought to have friends stmewhere." "l 31 friends are dead," said Bernice, her lips quivering. " My father was a minister tI the Scottishl Kirk. I atu alone in the world, madam, and ant come here to earl lmy own living. I want to get lodgings while I seek a situation as governess." The shopkeeper meditated. Site was an elderly woman, with daughtlers of her own. Sihe saw that Bernice wsasastranger to Lon ,tun ways, thatshe seemed like a pupil fresh from a convent or place of equal seclusion. andi she trembled ot the pitfalls that lay be fore one so innocent, so unsuspecting, anud sa guileless. "I believe in you. Miss," the woman said, ahruptly, after a long, searching scrutiny of the lovely. half shaded face. " I'n not a perston easily taken ill, as people will tell you, but I believe in you, and I'll tell you of a re Sptetable ludging.house whets you may get a room. It's around theil corner in Victoria B,.ad. It's kept by a very geood customer of mir.e, a wonlan that's made a pretty penny. the's a little queer, Miss, but her lodgers are all respectable, and thwi house is that neat yull might tat off the kitchen floor. The woman's name is Mrs. Sharp, which sharp is also her nature. If ?,u pay in advance andl tell her I sent yo,l which my name is (;ib bens, I know she'll do well by you-as lotng as your money lasts. And you can't s xpect strangers to do for you no longer, you know, lls." Bernice assented, and obtained the address tof Mrs. Sharp, and then, thanking the shop. keeper, set out in search of Mrs. Stharp's Slolding.house. i Tmrning the adjacent corner, lBernice f fond herself in Victoria It adl. a dingy street lined with rows of dull brick hbusts SIlre, as elsewhere, were plenty Of apiart :nents to let, but young Lady Chetwynd prtisd onto number forty-two. Mrs. Sharp's tsmidence. It was a corner house of the row, and presented a brighter anti cleaner aPlearance than its neighbors. The stone ' tes were very clean. tie windows were all spotless, and the btrats knocker was lpolished like gold. Bernice sounded the knocker twice or thrice heavily. Aservant-maid admitted her into a very narrow hall, and Bernice asked for MIrs. :i'atp The maid asbhered Lady Chetwyud into a small parlor, and hurried away to her .mistress. Ber-ice's gaze wandered about the room, '.L aspect was chill, cold, barren and prim nu lre very essence of respectability per. ( A heavy step was heard in tre narrow, oil-clothed hall, and Mrs. Sharp entered the presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously, sltrt ing the object of hercall. Mrs. Sharp listened till Bernice completed her statenrent,antl then co!dly said : "So Mrs. Gibbons sent son to me, and E you arve no references? i pride my'self I Miss, upon the respectability y of uoy ies.,, anti I shouldn't Ceel justified in takings in a young person without references." a "Btt Ian: a strang-er in London," said l'ernice. with gentleswveetnes and a shadow a of pleading irn her fresh young voice. "1 t ant very tired, Iladam, and I long for a u pllace in which I can rest. My fattler was a minister of the kirk. I; !has recently r died. I most earn my own living no a a governess, anco it will bIe of ariv:itage to Ime to give as y ay addees a very respect- 1 able hi1lging-house. I will pay you in ad. 3 vance." t "'I pefer gentlemen," said Mrs. Sharp, showing signs of relenting. " Thery can get their meals, all but breakfasc, cui." "I ant willing to get my own meals, madanlll." "If you can wait on yourself and cook your own meals-not in my kitcher, thoughli -and can pay ill advance, and have no company, ani live quiliet, and are nCt out cvcnings, why, then," said .Mrs. Slharp, " I don't know but 1'd consent to take you in. But one thing must be understood: When your money it o?(e you mustgo away I quietly, without a word. Is that a bar gain ?" "Yes," said Bernice, "I agree to all this." "Then you can come this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee or.. You can get ,eet roasted at the pastry-cook's. Will you look styour roo i ?" "If you please. mardam. I-- should like to stay now,"saidl ternice, bravely, although her cheeks flushed. "Indeed !" exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. " Where is your luggage 1" " All I have is in this bag,"nnswered Dcr. nice. "I am poor, madaml - " Hum? I should think so. My room i. sixteen shillings a week in advance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if you want to see the room comlle up." Bernice assented, and MIrs. Shaltm led her up three narrow flights of stairs to the fourth flour, and ushered her into the frontl room, which contained few, if any, comforts be yuuol the barest ncecssaies of existence. But bare as was the room, Bernice looked upon it as a very haven oe refuge. "It is all in order," she observed. " W'thy mayI not remrain here now l Here is thel ti.?t week's rent." She produced her pocket-book anlu tok from ita sovereign. Mrs. Sh:rp saw that mnore money re:mained ill the purse,and con. vented to allow her loIdger to remain. '" I don't know whlere to get a spirit lamp," saidl lernice, hesitatingly. "I-1 never went into a shop alone. Would you not kindly send a servant opon a few errands for nme,. madamnt I I a willing to pay for the favor." '" I don't want any pay for allowing tie maid to go, but if 0you choose to pay her, that's yourafflair andl hers. I vwill sed hler iu! to you," said irs. Sharp, with unwonted graliousnrss, .ald tie igtlging-hlusie l eeper retired, soon sending tiup her house.maid. This youngll womnan ,eld an honest, tru't worthy face, and Bernice liked ter. She consulted with her in regard to her wantls, and gave her a sovercign to exapoid for her in materials for hiusekeepiong. The young woman dprlrtced, and was absent an hour, hut linally returned with tier arms full. Sire was followed by a suial! boy, woo carried a basket full of stores. The house maidl emptied ths basket and dismissed the boy "I've got ever3thineg you menlioned, Mis.s," she obseirveTd, ?a?lld some tiiing- you did not speak of. There's tihe Times as you was so particular to have. I did not buy it; Il ired it till eveniing. It's been hired out all the morniing, and was just hrought. back. Hfere's faggots for the lire, arct chill it is, and I'll kindle a little blaze-yeiu look so crld and tired. I've ordered inl bushel of e-:als, to put into your closet yonder. Ani. litre is bread, and a cohl roasted fe, l. ani a ten kettle antl a spirit latmp. And heres nine shillings left." Bernice bestowed a liberal gratuity upon tile servant, who hastene I to make uip a bright lire, anid lto wheel up a big chair he. fore it, and to fill the tet- kettle and set it oil the hob. Bernice tohlk p: s-ii.ciion of the hii cair, and 'lread over tihe a ltui:s of Wants in the 7i ,s. She had imagined thlt t sitation as governess wiou'id lie readily foullnd, but site saw: no advertircment in the lpalpr thatseemed intended for hier. ' I'il advertse ':iself." she thought, soul deily, tlihe ida striking her. as she btlieved, like an inspim?tion. " I will write out an honest advertiscl utit, saying whiat I can dI. Surely, iiaong all the millions of English people, soomeon? will wantt mile." She brooded over the idea while the house-maid malde her tca and placed tie few edibles on the bare table. \'hiii the girl was gone out Bernice drank her tea and ate her tread and jan r.el a portion of cold fowl, with actual relish, anil then wrote with the small gold pe'ncil on her chain, upon a piece of wrapping pa:per that had en veloped the sugar, a notice that ran as ful. lows : "WAINTED-By a young lady without references, an orphan and a:strancer inll In. dlon, a ituation a:s governes. Unlrdrstands Euglish, Firenchl, and (esrman, music, draw ing and danlcinig. W'niihl accept a very small salary. Addtess Miss (i., Timeir fice."1 Itseeimed to le;nnic that, this atlvertise mert could not fail to s'eeile thie situalioni shle desired,. ind she nihlcillcd to put it in three of the I iorning Itla-ls. InI the course of thle afternoon: she c?lled op the htouse maid, and uaufolided iher l!lns to her,, and thIe yomu vuu n anr i unlreitiolk to procuire the insestionl of the aiverltisrenict in the nces. papers. Wnll,'il tie llouselai, had retired, young Lady Chetwynd countel nveer the eornteltls of her p*rse with a sighi. The stii lC hl:had thoughlt so aInrge only that ilorniig was sliluirng through her fingers with unpleasant rapidity. • I mlust get smrethirig to do before it is til ge,~ll" si thloughlt. "it ally rate, I ha;'e fir:nd a safe arid r,_specli ble shelter. I will economise in ony foud, lind mninah .y money g, -as farir as nIaRy I:e. There lust i c no more fowls. nio meat i: itil wlatercr llry privaitilns id ilrov ty, I air lnst depenrdent upn' anynie urinow bult mvysclf." D.y alter dr" lil'ssedl, an:i Iro satisfactory repuiinse came tr tbernice's advertisemet. She consulteid .Ms. Sharp as to how slie coilt beconsme Ia puilriitrss. " You will never be one, Mliss-never I Yeou are too young, too ignorant eof the world, too beautiful. Your life is a mystery. You don't tell who vos are nor wYLenOce cu came. It ain't in nature for a youngtgirl like you, who ihave bhen terdcely nlrtulred anld eiducated like a li;e lady, lwh,, e area lady to be wvancdering aituat so utterly frie-I. less;" and JMrs. S:harp lookedl severely upon her young lodger. "Arld 'no cne will engage a yoru:g lady to clucate their chlildtren whos has no onle in tlhe world to pItak a word for tier or to say that she is a resprctable young wolrlan. P'opi:e don't truit thleir children to any ani everyboldy without mraking in quiries. I advise you no. to waste any more moineyin adrertising." Is tiere nna tiring .car do without being called ipon for references?" "Are yon a skilful mlilliner? Can yol make dresses? Have you any trade? Do von understand any kindi of halnd work lo? Then your chance is a slim on'. A I genteel, finn Il-ty without a trade, and without money, and withou;t friends is a helplets object, indeed. Im surre 1 doln't know wihat is to become of you. You can't expect me to keep you no longer than your I money lasts." "Certainly not." "I work hard for my money," pursued I Mrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice," and I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too fine to work. That's what I won't." There was a light in her cold hard eyes 1 before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did not intend to a lose money by her, but she did not resent I Mrs. Sharp's manner. To tie contrary, she 1 spoke in a subdued, sorrowful voice, as she t answered : 1 "I want work, madam. and 1 am willing and anxrious to work. Crn I not learn at trade? Can I not learn to make bonnets or drsesses I" "Who is to apprerntice you and pay the I necessary premium ? I don't see anything t before you but to beeomre a mand-of.all- s work: and what lady would want a finer lady in her kitchen than herself? I advise a you to write to your friends, and have them take you away. Yodr money'll soon be gone, r and then will come the alms-bouse-or a I return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think over what 1've saidi and when your funds get low youn can decide what you c can do." "I wouli like to pay for my lodgings a rmonr.th in advance," said Bernice, Ihe face t very whitet, and a brooding anxiety in her l dusky eyes. "I would like to make sure of a shelter as long as possible." Sihe paid tile necessary amount, and Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing r.a. terials being upon the table. The landlady withdrewe, and Bernice was left to herself. Anrll now began foryrruig Lady Chetwynd a struggle for existence, such as is endured t by many a high- bred anl educated young woman, and! which involved so much of suffering, of " hope deferred," and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from recording it. During the three weeks of her stay in the hourie, lernice had not malel asingle friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her larilady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's fulnds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew well the contents of the small paccels which Bernice now brought in for I herself. She knew that her young lodger was growing paler and thinnerday by day ; she noticed thalt the elastic young step be gan to flag, that the girl's tread on the stair grew daily lighter and slower; she saw that the dusky eyes crew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre as bright as unnatural. And knowing and seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began to fear that her young lodger would f:ll sick in hier house, and she grew anxious for the month to terminate, that she might send Bernice away. During all this time Bernice had seen no onie whom she knew. Gilbert Monk had ob tained no trace of her. although he had set Mrs. Growl and Fack to search for lier throihout London, where ihe was convinced that she still remained. Hie had rone down to Ciaetwyrnd Park, and was waiting and walching for her there, knowing that sooner or later sihe would return to tire old home anrod tire dear presence that held such fasci nation for her. And thus tile month ull h gone by, nnd two days only re:mained to L'Bernce before she muslbt become again homeless a:in shelterless. Shie had but a few shillings in lier e iurse. And now came upon her the longing Gilbert 3lM k had nrtieipatdl-to look once imore upon Lord Chel wrnd's face. "1 may not live long," sie thought. " I mise.rsc hrim. lie need not-Ihe must nct see ime. I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a gihost as before, it danger of dis. covery arises. Gilbert Monk has long since gi ven over tlie search for me,andt is no doubt in L.oudon reacding law. I must see Iloy once more before she clairums him. I am in no danger of discovery. I shall be very guardred. But I emua learn when the mar riage is to trake place. I am dying with my yearning for Roy-my ihusband." She could not withstand that sick longing of hlersoul. Sire p:Irsualedl herself that she vawoul incur no risk of discovery. And on the very night before her rent was to expire Bcrnice packed her travelling bag afresh, nud stole oirt of her lodgings late in the afternuoou, unseen hb anry inmates of tIhe hIouse, and hirtug a cab, proceeded to the railway station. Ani: soon after dark, clh~sely veiled, she was seated i nr second class railway carriage onl her way to East. lbourne. S!,e alightced on reachineg her des. ttsstirnati., s5curedl a fly at the station, and pursur:d her jouirney to Uhetwynd-by.Sea. here she diismised the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her at the villageu inn, and in tire dark, cool May nigit, with only a few stars glenming through thie saure dusk, s:e plirsued hier way on foot to Chetwynd t'ark-her lost home. CHAP'TERi XXi. NEAtLY DETI:eT:r?D. At the ecery mro.ent when the wrou.eed young Lady Chetwynd stole iiki ashadiow into her hisbarnd's house at Chetwynd Park lrnd crept uilt to a lonely attic to don her ghir.tly robres, ice which she believed she might steal to her husband's very side, and still plas for a spectre or an ilusiion-at that ruimoment Lord Chctwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone togs ther in the imusic-room. Miss Monk had been pdlaying somie bril liant fanta,ia upon tircmud piano, and her jewelled fingels were still softly pressing the pearl key., evoking disconnrcted sornds while liher densely black, half olpen eyes restedi in a longing, absorbing gaze upon the fair fa:eo of rile yotung marquis. Lrd Chetw'n sI was wvalking slirly upI aldl own theril: length ruf the room, his arms ifoldei acro:sishis breast a thouglhtful shadow oin his face. The mrellow light littered down througih pal: tintlcd g!uirrjs ulpon Sylvia hiMonk's dark East Indian leautiy, and Lord Ch twa nd, lookingat lher, noticed for the first time the pale terror and anxiety in her face and eyes. . What is tl e matter, Sylvi ?"'' he asked, kindly. " You are looking ill." " TLere is nothin tihe matter more than usual. I,y," said Mliss Monk, hlier fingers still drriolir g softly on the keys. "Iain not Inuite well of late, and you have been tu:o absoriled in your mremorial school and your tesnants to notice the fact; that is all." Lord Chletwy-nl looked startled and ianxious. A deeper gravity ecettlel about Ihis delicatr month under the shadow of his goldlen mioustache, ard upon his white brows. SHlave I seemed negtlectfl, Sylviu ,i he a?skel, i: tones of self-reprroach. "I have been absorbed in myerchool, I know. I have rnever concealed from you that BIernice dead is more to me than ny woman livirng. nut I love yo., also, Sylvia. l appreciate your ninserlish devotion to me, your gentle sweet noss, your earnest irive. Ieieve mr, sor rowful anld Ilupelers is I am, I am nrot ill. sensible to.nor unlgratefil for, thie great gift of your pire, warm Ieart. In time, pier hatis," and his voice grew hreken, " In time I nmay learn to love you as you deserve to be lovedi. But nrrow, Sylvia, lie Ipatient with tle, andi let thie omantle of your love and cirarity cover all my short.comings. Sihe whirledi arroulnd upon thie mustc- stool. Lr:d CGhetwvnd felt for her a suddeln pity. 1Ic moved tlrward hIer runder thIe inosu'e of that sudden pity, and took her in his nni just thlen alight, soft step came noise leiEsly a!ong the flowerbhordered aisles of the greart conservatory,and approached the door of thie musicrosom whence thie soundl of voices issedl. T':e new-comer was Bernice, in ler silken burial robes. All unconscious of the near proximity of thie young wife w!lrose dentlh hire mrourned so dispairingly,Lord Chetwynd beintin pitying nafection above the false-hlearteld being lwho Iiad wrought hiro so much of woe.and whom he had promised to marre. I le look Sylvia's head in hIris hosom, and Ithe swarthy East Indian face, with its car ncaion chee s, lay on his breast, and the black eyes looked love at him. And just then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly s apart at a touch, and Bernice looked inupon i them. Neither saw her. Chetwynd was gazing down into the black, fathomless eyes of 1 Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all I but him and her love for him. c Poor Dernice stood transfixed. All, indeed, she thought, her place was filled. The car- p ressrs that had thrilled her lovingsoul were is lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at ji the pair wildly, and a low, smothered cry sl burst from her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint sound, and p turned and beheld ber. For a moment lhe stood transfix'l. Then, c with a wild cry, he dropped Sylvia froml his I hohl, as if she had been some inanimate ii thing, and bounded toward this seeming spectre. h Bernice flew on before him like a vision. Miss Monk caught a glimnse of the white t rote. the whiter face, framed in masses of t floating, dusky hair, and with a shriek came I rushing into the conservatory. Bernice flew on down the long flowery t aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open 1 door. She was light and fleet. She sped on before Chetwynd like a shining meteor. I At the junction of another aisle she tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pot. I Chetwynd now gained on her. His breath- I ing sounded koarsely in her ears. Her i panic increased. She could not see the way s before her. She stumbled again-and now Chetwynd reached out his hand to grasp her. She was away again like a flash, but he had caught the lace frills of her short elbow sleeves in his hand, and the yellow film gave way and remained in his clutch, while she flew on and out at the openi door. He was at the door the next instant, but the seeming spectre had disappeared. There wasa faint starlight, and lie could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and shrubbery dotting the lawn, but the shining vision was o nowhere in sight. He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and the beach, hut in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering the garden entrance to the house. But there, on the deep garden seat, Bernice had crouched until he had passed on toward the cliffs, and then she hurried into the house and up the privats stair to the attics. Her escape had not been made a moment too soon. She had scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned lier steps to the porch where the young marchioness had been hidden. ' The door is ajar," muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in her black eyes. " She has gone into the house. She evidently in tends to hide. As she does not intend to reveal herself, I ams so far safe." She closed the door, that Cihetwynd might not be tempted to el.ter it on his return front his search about the grounds, and slowly re-entered the conservatory. "1 shall pretend that I did not see hier,' she thought, halting in tihe doorway and looking out into the dim, fragrant night. "It is best to treat her appearance as Chet wynd's illusion. She is in the house. Gil bert nmust not know of her presence here, and I must warn Ilagee at once. My oldt ayah may find means to remove her forever from my path this very night." Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and "'tlhence proceeded to her own apart ments.s: Sie found tile East Indian woman crouchirig before her boudoir lire. She told her brielly what had occurred, and enjoined her to au absolute caution and silence. "Leave it all to me, Missy,"said the Hin dos. " My lady shall not trouble you after to-night. I thiniike iii~,int ::;p t .,' ,att to change her gown. I will go and searchl for her. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, Missy. After to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd I'ark." The old woman spoke with a subtle men. ace which her mistress fully understood. The lindou went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracliting several articles from thie secret drawerwith in. Then, with the face of a smiling demon. she concealed the articles in her hosom, andt stole away out of the room, and crept stenithily up to the attics. Miss Monk paused to t'ake a sip of her soothbtg draugsht. and set out on her return to tile music-room. In tie hall, just outside the door, she encountered her brother, who was ill dresisig gown and slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. "lWhat's the row Sylvia l" he asked. " What does all this skurrying up and down stairs mean? 1What on earth has hap pened 1" " Nothing I nothing l" cried Miss Monk, w1,.4n eagerness that aroused his susp-. cionu that something was wrong. I canme up to my room for a piece of musc. Go back to bed, Gilbert. I must return to the marquis, who is waiting for me." She moved away as she spoke, annl ias. tened to descend the stairs. .Monkt caressed his beardl while he looked thoughtfoully after her. She said site had come up to her rooms for a piece of mulsic, but her hands were empty. Mr. Monk, being very astute upon occasion, nhistled softly and went back to his room,drew on his cent and boots, and also hurried down to the music-room. llis sister was in the room alone, and greeted Iis appearance with a black frown. " Do go back, Gilbert !" she exclaimed. " lly and I are having a private interview. lie will not like this interruption. Go,or you will regret it." " um !" said Mr. Monk, Ilinging himself into a chair. "l shaill regret it if I dogo, no diutl. I know youi, imy anmiable sister, anult1 chco:e to rcwain here until your lover comes. Some game is afoot-- Ha ! what's tClinhat ?" There was a sound ,of hurried foolsleps is the conservatory, and Lord Chetwyndrulshed into the musie rootm, lale, wild and dlicr. dered. Monk !eaused to hIis feet in amaze ment. Tile maiquis looked past him with a wandeling gaze. " Has she becen bach!:" dslumanded Clhet. wynsi. "I have minetd hier." " Who 1" criedl Sylvia andi Gilbiert MIonk, in a breath, the formeer pale, the latter eager. "llzniee-m- n wife ! Did she conime back this wayl rclpeatedt Chetwysnd. "My God I Have I lost her again ?' "Al.: Ias tile spectre tppetared to you again, ily lord?' silestined lMonkh, his faet flaming. "lgas the gtisut been here " "Yes. rUernice camne auid looked in uponu us, as Sylvia elnd I stood yonder. She sighed, or emoraned, iwl the sounis went to my soul. I saws her face, andl it was Iale and sorrowful, ).et glorisus in its beauty and loveliles. Sylvia awe it alsls-" "No, no--I saw no ghost I" Clhettrnsd turned upon Sylvia a look of niusazemeist. " Surely you saw ier," Monak declared. 'You looked towarnl her-you did see her-" "Aund I say I did not. I saw no splectre whatever. l)o you think, my lordn, that we are all victims of your ipeculiar craze? I tell yoSt again I did not see tile aparition, or illusion, or whatever it might be called. I swear Il did not see it." ''"Anl you looked toward yonder door, Sylviai" " I di 1. I lookedstraight atyonderdoor way," afllied the swarthy beanlty. "Hlad an3 thing rbeen there, even a shladow, I must have seen it. -But tltcre was nothing there." " Iy lord." said .Iounik, calming himstelf by a strong ill.rt and speaking soothingly, "you deceive yousielf. Sylvia did ncst see her, and Lad there been a woman Sylvia wust have seen I:tr. Pou have :xl;terinced a recurrtence of your singular optical illu sion."' "I will not hear that word again, Monk," said his lordship. excitedly, his face flush ing. "'Illusion l' Why, she ran along the conservatory, and Iheard hier light footfalls. ps She tripped upon a flower-pot left in the ca path. 1 was as near to her as I am to you. tb I reached out my arm to grasp her-and I so caught this !" u He unclosed his clenched hand and die- st played a fragment of point lace, yellow and Ic wrinkled and stained, with jagged edges, tc just as he had torn it from Bernice's s sleeve. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared ap. li palled. lHere was evidence such as they had not i counted on that the spectral visitor was a sa living woman. Both stood dumb, not know. ing what to say. d Chetwynd laid the scrap of lace flat upon w his hand. "The mystery deepens," hesaid, hoarely. tl "sBut that I myself saw my wife die, hut tl that I myself saw her buried, I should say st that she lives and hti been here tonight. Look at this lace. It wason her burial robe a -the robe she wore on tier first evening in this house. She had tile gown made in London. I remember tiher innocent delight at tile pattern of this lace. There were 8, branclhing palms done in film, as one might say. And here is the palm nearly perfect. If my visitor were a ghost, would she wear ti tangible lace l And whoever she is, how came she with this lace which I remember so well?" " Chetwynd, said Monk, slowly, "I think i1 that you are the prey of some designing woman who presumes on her resemblance to a Bernice. Calm yourself. Look at the n matter dispassionately, if you can. Bernice is dead, so your visitor cannot be she. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I said, sonime designing woman." " But the face was pure and noble-" "That proves nothing. The face might even have been a mask. Let ns resume your Search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. You r search the park, and I will search the cliffs and beach. Shall it hbeso?" The marquis assented and thrust the lace t in his pocket,and went out with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery had indeed I deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. Ile hurried out toward the park, into whose dark recese hlie plunged and dis- I appeared. Monk did not linger to speak to his sister. He, too, hurried out of the house, but he did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, lie went to the garden rt-rance and stole into I the house, and made his way up to the attics, i as liagee hal done before him. " I'll find herop here," he thought. " She has conme up to change her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to.night. Once I get possession of her again, I'll hold her fast, so that she shall not escape me." Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic in a vain and rambling search for Bernice. After a few minutes thus spent, he became con. scious that someone was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was fleeing before him, and he hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly and almost noiselessly; having removed his boots at the outset. lie gained upoa the stealthy person in advance, and soon became aware of tihe fact that she hald halted, and was hiding somewhere in tile stillness anil darkness. lie moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in tile darkness. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room. Listening, lie was sure that he heard suppressed breath. ilig in that inner room. "I have her nowl" he said himself, ,-, tsi 'tly:,:. -vb?:e.?Ot escape. me egain. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron. Now, my laly, I have you like a bird in a cave. There is no outlet to yonder room I fancy, save through this. You are caught at last!" lie hastened in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway,anil passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In tihe same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon hint, and a pair of long, supple hands stole about his neck, as seeking to strangle him. " Ha I I have you now I" hissed a voice which lie recognised as that of the East In dian woman. " This time, girl, youdie!" The long Inlgers twisted themselvrs like annkts aounid his neck, and tie old woman c!nnng to hinm like a horrible incubus. But sudldenly her lingers came in contact with his beard. The shock of a great surprise unnerved her fingers. Tile Thing-like hold on him re!axld ; anti now Molnk seized his assailant anld fllung her fromn him like Frone venomous reptile, hurling her to the floor, as lie cried out: " You accnsed hag! Youi here?" "You hear, Mr. Gilbert?" said the old ifindoo, in a chokedl voice, gathering herself ulp, and scowling at him through the dark "Curse you!" said Monk, angrily. "I ought to kill you, you infamous Thug !" The oli woman nmuttered an unintelligible response in her own tongne. " Get out of this I" said Monk, authorita lively. " If you make another moveaga:cst Lady Cicetwynd I'll have you sent away from Chetnynd l'ark. You tried to murder her ladyship at tie skaters' chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting me; do you understand ? I know you, root and branch. I overheard that little interview of yours withl Sylvia some sixteen months ago, and I know all your schemes. I permitted the mock death and the mock funeral for reasons of my own. I have had charge of my lady ever since. I am working out schemes of my own, but they will not in terfere with those of Sylvia. lIy sister shall be Lady of Chetwynd. I am only trying to make a little money. Are you content now 1" Tihe old woman snarled in dissatisfaction. She did not believe Monk's protestations. Her detcrninationn that liernice should die gathered new strength,. lutshle realised, as did Monk, tlhat they were wasting timne in talking which should he devoted to pursuit. Therefore she said, wcith a Ihypocritical whine, which did not in the least deceive heroppnnent: " if you say is's all right, Mr. Gilbert, I supponse it is, and I'll go downstairs." With 1this she abruptly darted pasthilm into the larger attic and glided into the corridor beyond. ' Shie has resumed tler search,"' mattered Monk. "It'sto be a race between us which shall find Berunice first. L.st some devilish instioct slhould guide old Ragee, whom tie licnds protect, I think I'll follow her. We are snrce soon to find Biernice. And I will look in thie upper garret to which Bernice sent me before." lie Ihurried out, but the Hindoo had dis. appeared, t?e sought for hlier, but hlie could not find her. lie tramlped fron room to room, but she eluded himl. He visited thie little garret in cwhich Bernice had before hidden, but the youtlhful marchioness was not there, and there was no token of her recent presence. lie searched for hours, until he was fatiguei ad nwrathful, anti persuaded that hlie had been completely baffled. Then he went down sullenly to his own room. lie had scarcely composed his features to even a semblance of their ornlinary calm, when a knock was heard upon his door, and in obedience to his tummons Lord Chetwynd entered the room. The young marqms still wore a pale, dis. ordered countenance. Ills b;uo eyes were burning. His golden hair was tossed back from his bIronzed brows in strange dishevel ment. Ie looked still excited, anxions and pernlexed, yet determine'S to solve the mystery that encomnpassed him. "I've teen to your room twice, Gilbert," said his lordshlip, abruptly, " and you were not in. Hcave you just returned from your search'"-(To be con?tinied.) 