A STRANGE SECRET. It Intola onenightthatI a d w esny roinared to attend a stranger who lay dy ieataneighbouring inn. As soon asI saw itelivid, haggard face I knew that there was eohope for him. He had a swarthy face, ibke en Indian, lit by; dark, piercing eyes, ed his forehead woe pinfully marked with rigid lines left by prolonged mental suffer. i hloe abot to administer an opiate, wonb ie thrst aside my hand impatiently. ' I ent ou' to hear my confession first," h eohlnoned. "I shall detain yoe ba ? a ~or"ht."' "I am a physician, not a Ilergy. Cman, ansredgetly. "Ne?erhoithlsn, I bonegy totheiar men" he persisted. "Qeiok I nd klthefrm'e is n to to ose," his aeyesi dahing with a fitful, lurid lustre. ' For one is hise condition ' hnmouring'" was the beet Ilest nsle. go, first?ceing that thedoor see eccrely cloesd. satedown to wait till ti;e dcesio howas under as to the naters of my ofeee had ren its coarse. S"I smal not trouble you withs along his tory," he began ,"In my early life I was a dolier, and a bora e one, I may adr?without eseting; for oatdInot vowed to win rank end mame for thie sake of one of Italy's fair daughters, who hadsebretly pledged mo her lon? Iuch an. incentive would, have.in fired coureora evn in a onward's brest; but he Catellos nwer never conwards i At last I telf that I might,hoithoutblsshing, preent sealdt before Gieletta'sa relaties and openly clim her hand. ",Impntientof every moment's delay, I as to lay imy hsrd-won honoeurs at her t. ut, ais I what tidings awaited me I omny bsence Gielettael'ne family ad forced er to marry a disadluto yoseng noble who roetedher fortune, not herself. She sour ried the crueoolty uint a little season, for ithin amonth shoe drooped and died, the iclLm, I doubtednot, of a broken heart. .I ianid navehurrsed back tishe field, and Isught death there, but the war was over. e lChurchI offhered another refuge from this nlid, now grown itisupportable. I became priest, and i time an attachid of one of the gesht etheodrals. "One night I entered a confemional fao ingoer of the oeter aisles, that I might bie esdy to. ]lnar, ?O.s v.an my oustom, any lneopeniltenet nhb might come, as many id to disabrden his conseience under cover Sthe darknoess. Severul rams and went, and when, et last, at a lute hour, I was on tne poaint of ietering, believing my work bineed, a step approaoehd and entered the anmhstment on the other side of the lattice. '"tnurse my leps am seoled against re sellegeit I thenhea rd. At the cloue the enileot started to withdraw. A quick onoenot brought me to tiis side. Seizing tisoms I tamed him round suddenly to face iem. We stood in the aisle, in the dim ligltol one of the large windows. I threw btrumy cowl.' He recoiled, shiveisihg as if tiebd seen a ghost. 'Lnigi Castello I' he gisped. ' Aye, Luiul Costello I" Ioeeheed. "''Is it your purpose to denounce met' he _sked, in a voice that was tremulous with terror. 'What I hnae heard I have heard ueder the seal of fey sacred office,' I replied; 'I dare not disclose it.' Ite breathed more reely. 'I naee giarn you absolulion,'I eons tinnd,as any eyes, attracted by a sparkling ligBt, fellon tIne jewelled hilt of a dagger at hti girdle. 'I humbly thank you, father,' he mattered. 'As far ns lies within the power olthe Church, you are now prepared to die,' Itedded. 'Heaven grant ill' he replied. 'Asnen.' I answered, and snatohing tine tamer from his belt, t sheathed it ie his neongt.' "? Thoe lastwords were uttered almost in a shriek, and the sick stranger fell back in sensible. The restoratives I administered only bnrought partial return of consciousnessc, mcd before the sun had set the troubled sp~it was at rest. Some years later, in travelling throuigh Italy, I as lashotwn in on o the grand. nthedrals tle seot where the body of a nobleman had been found one morning pierced through the heart with his own stiletto. He was a very wicked man," said the old guide, "suspected by many of leaving poisoned his young wife, whom he manied for her money." The guide remembered, too, a melancholy pocog priest who had disappeared shortly rller, none knew whither, but it was evident beecircumstance had never been associated ildth the nobleman's death, which was com monly attributed to suicide. 