A MiEDIUM EXPOSED. (sAx Fna.xcsco crinoIcrLE.) New York, 1st June.--efore thewondering eyesof twenty-five witnesses, and aided by the glare from two electric lights, a heartless char. lutan, who for years has traded and grown rich on the most sacred secrets of the household, was exposed fully and completely on Saturday after noon in the city of Brooklyn. The pretended spirit of a dead woman was seized, held and exhibited by reporters to the dupes who up to that moment had believed firmly and sincerely that they were face to face with the materialised form of one returned from the great beyond. So overwhelming was the evidence of fraud that theaossemblago was not only thoroughly con vinced, but half a dozen of the firmest believers were ready to invoke the aid of the law to punish the wretched creature, who, for a few dollars was ready to practice one of the most outrageous deceptions known to mankind. In the systematic preparation and the novelty of the conspirators' phns the exposure stands without parallel in thle history of similar events in any part of the world. Two storage bat teries carried in hip pockets by two reporters and connected with imeandescent lamps of ten candle power each, concealed in inner vest pockets, furnished the light that was flashed in the face of the bogus ghost and revealed the cowering medium as the personator. Her shame and mortification were so cornm plete that for pity's sake shel was permitted to return to the cabinet, where in anguish of spirit she throw aside her spiritual toggery. dressed herself in every-day attire, and sobbed and cried and raved because she had been de tected. The name of this so called medium is Mrs, Cadwoll, and sho lives at No. 244 Lexirgton Avenue, between Bedford and Nostrand Avenues, in the Twenty-third Ward of the city of Brooklyn. She is a married woman, about forty-eightyears of age, and the mother of several children. Her husband lives with her, as do her sons and dafghters. She has three servants, and her yearly income from her suc cessful duping of the credulous cannot fall far short of £1,000. 