I-BIIE IMZTrSTIEirsr 2STO. 21 CTXT-ZP-AJW-IP-A-^r ~P A T?. A "r>TT! I BY T3TIQ3ST. THE follow ing strange story was told the writer by the chief actor in it, Mr. Geo. I >exter,a young man only just married, and ( hearing the highestcharoc- j ter for truth and sSbriety. Those who know him inti mately declare they would take his word without ques tioning, and from what I know of him myself I should fancy lie would he the last man in the world to labour under hallucinations. Withthisslight introduction to ■•reader, I will let Mr. (reorge Dexter speak : himself. We don't want a big bouse, and we don't t ut an expensive bouse, and we don't want' wusc too far out of town," I said to • mj' ■e as we sat one evening on tbe verandah her father's home, enjoying the cool of the ■iiing and laying our 'plans for the future. Tic old people had gone for a month's trip i New South Wales, on a visit to some :nds. and they had left us in charge of their vase till they; came back, so ■ that we had -.pie time to look nbout for a crib of our i and furnish it before their return, but we want something pretty," pleaded wife. "I haw always dreaded living in an :h s(|uare abomination without either Miidah or balcony, with common glass in windows that mudeeverylKjdy into waves, i no cupboards, ugly brass knobs to the •>rs. and a pokey little bath-room, and bells it won't ring after the lirst week. 1 don't J it's being small, but it must be pretty." My idea exactly " said I. "Snug, Cissie, rt's what l likoMn a house, and just enough jlkryman'k strange con put. *ii1ch for me to attend to, I want exercise, '« know, and there is nothing letter than M'k'ning after being stuck in mi oflice all *!'■ It opens your chest, and the smell of 'if earth is so good, and it's so interesting to 'itch the flowers grow, and it will be so Mty to see you gather them, and you shall h'ke me a button-hole every morning. I Agoing to read up some works on liorti ''tuiT, and I intend our garden—in summer '•»l u'inter—to be full of flowers, the delight J'Mu- friends and the envy of our neigh '"irs," histen, George, I do believe here's the tiling : — To bet.—Desirable villa, most ornate, : rooms, marble'mantels, electric bells, '"Ii, c-<ipper, nice garden, every convenience, •W hrryiniin, -builder, llunnymeude on the ground." by Jove, Cissic, that sounds well. I ' "w flunnymeade; it's one of the new I^nships on the South - Northern line; f go to-morrow and have a look at the lute." •'wi-jinan lives just over by that red i 'fiat's the doctor's, that is ; you'll just k" him in now, as I saw him pass about minutes ago," Baid the Hunnyineade '°iiinuster, who politely attended to us, -'be hud finished his gossip with the J t>f the train we came by. Mr. Jcrrymnn as directed, Sand ra between the local doctor and under jlj'j He came out to us in his shirt sleeves, w " mouth full, which he quickly erop ''rHt when lie saw who "i'te'ii11 l'le w'lltM." said Mr. Jeriyman. 'H 'iVv!Sot'em to let; in fact, 1 bilded 'ky're just the identical for young people a commencing housekeeping! Pretty i roomy, too for u illas, good ventilation, nice JU8t e*«>g a man wants. 1 bilded em for oomf„rt m much aa any. think, and, my word, fliey ^ comfortable. There s thirty-seven of em, so you can just take your pick. , "Thirty-seven of ftem^ and all unlet. Think of that 1 We ore lucky, Cissy. We'll take the best, if there is any/best." " Wft'*lmlf a iiffy.V said Mr. Jerry man, 111 put on an(j g0 round with you. And Mr, Jerry-man ran into the house and ran out |again, his right arm thrust in the sleeve of his coat, and the left making frantic backward dives for the opening of the other. Aftermnny unsuccess ful attempts, he at length got it, and with a jerk forward Mr. Jcrrrmau'fgot quite inside his coat. ' Mr. Jerryjpm was in a great hurry. He took us along at a terrific pace, and when we reached the desirable villas my wife was quite .out of breath, ami I was not at all sorry for a rest, as the day broiling hot, and there was no shelter anywhere from the rays of the summer sun. '"hi ice ten minutes walk from the station, ain't it';" Baid Mr. Jerry - man. " Some people thinks it's more, but they dawdles. I can't dawdle myself. If I'm at a job, I likes fei run it up and get done with it. These are thewillaa, all in a line you sec, no turning round corners or dodging up hills. Thirty-seven oi 'em,- all true and. faithfully built of the lest material, and they couldn't be made no convenienter if you sat down amid.thought for a week. 1 haven't named any of 'em as yet, as I thought people as bought 'em might like to do that them selves. I've only 'turned the street, or rather the syndicate I bought the land of did it for me. They called it Cut-paw-paw parade. That's Waddygolong avenue, right down there where the board is nailed on the gum tree, and away out (here to the left just through the swamp is Booroongooroopna crescent. My wife asked Mr. Jerryman what the noise was going on in liooroongoo-1 roopna-crescent. "It's frogs," said Mr.Jerrvman ; " I love to hear 'em cltirpingnwm like that. Quite as pretty as birds, I think. \"o drought about, ma'am, when you hears their pretty voices. I wouldn't;liave one of they frogs killed for anythink." .Mr. Jenyman opened several of the front doops ofthehouses with the same, ! key, and I drew his attention to the fact. ; " Yes," he replied. " I did it a purpose, and it's a goodpdti, too, to have locks all of one pattern, when you comes to think of it. Suppose, for insknw. you loses your key; well, all you've goito do is to pop in next door | and (.lrorrow yourneighliour's. No trouble, you see, sending down to locksmiths and humbugging,about with tiles and picklocks, and all them sort of things." We went'overoncortivo of the villas and found them fairly, roomy and comfortable. They were built of brick chiefly, and con tained aixfrooms, drawing, dining, three l»edrooms/kitchen, laundry, bath, and three good pantries. The distance from the station was against them, and so was their loneliness, hut, as Mr, Jerryman assured us that the people were " reg'lar chasing him for em, we felt sure'that very asm we should have plenty of neighbours. There wits one thing r i.ook at t1ik i'aki'ki' it's ukicatiuxli. about Mr. Jot* we as pectiliir uever go inside would peep thro n«f« < oaduct that struck : ',!)■! fijnc. lie would . the houses. Jfei JKUtdows or stand at the open door while we were inspect ing ; but when I pressed him to come in he got very agitated mid alarmed, and said he'd have to hurry home, as his old woman would be wondering if he was lost. And away he went, leaving us to follow at our leisure. We finally settled on No. 27. My wife liked the painting, two shades of art green, and that fixed the thing. We went back to Mr. Jerryman, whom we found quite recovered from his agitation, and told | THE DKSIHAIU.E AXfj ORNATE VIM. AS. Iiim we would take No. 27. He promised to make two or three minor alterations, and we agreed to move in on. the first of the month. We paid a week's rent hi advance in order to secure the house-in case»the rush for them set in before we were quite ready to occupy ours. Furnishing now-a-days takes no time. There is no running about to the cabinetmaker, carpet manufacturer, ironmonger, crockery shop, &c.; A couple of days in one of our big " Uni versal Provider" warehouses, and the thing is done. Carpets made and laid, margins stained and polished, bedsteads put up and beds made, curtainshung— in fact, everything ready to start housekeeping on the morrow after the order lias been §i\On. It is an age of speed, and fumishingTS now doue almost by magic. We found the house fairly com- ! fortable, and we had the old people to dinner j with us 011 Sunday. Jly mother-in-law at once pointed out the wjgakness of the place, I and that was the smallness of the back- j yard. Yet, after all,*vthere was plenty of j room in it for the girl to sift the cinders in it if she did not stick her elbows out, and I pointed out that there was the whole of the parish of llooroongooroopna at our front and j back door to dry clothes in. I5ut my mother-; in-law shook her head, and said ominously ' that Cissy would find her words come true yet. When I came home 011 the j Monday night I found my wife in a j state of nervousness. She said that all day long she had been hearing nothing hut " squeaks "all over the house, as if somebody was in pain or being tortured. The girl had j heard them too. and during the afternoon they had allowed their fears to work 011 them to such an extent that they had l»een unable to stay in the house, and had spent most of their time walking up and down Cut-paw-paw parade listening to the frog concert Hooroongooroopna-crescent. Of course I laughed at Cissy's fears. I knew that was the proper thing for hus bands to do in order to restore confi dence in their wives, and by the time dinner was over she was much brighter and better. I told her all that hod gone on in the office during the day, and drew plans for laying out our garden, and showed her the seeds I had bought, and talked of our I old (old now) courting days until she became ! quite cheerful. | Suddenly, withouta moment's warning, half j a-dozen long-drawn groans sounded through | thehouse,and no sooner hadtheseceased than i the place gave a decided lurch forward towards the street. j " There!" exclaimed Cissy, white as death. [ " There, George; now do you believe me?" i " Ily Jove! ail earthquake. I'm certain of j it. I've felt them before. If that's not an earthquake I'm a Dutchman. Let's go out | side and see." And out we went, j Everything was still in Cut-paw-paw Parade. ! The sky was overcast, and a breeze was just : springing up, blowing from the direction of the swamp, und bringing with it the merry ! noise of the crescent tenor frogs, varied by the occasional baritone and bass notes of the patriarchs. " Oh ! George. I do believe the place is haunted," said my poor little wife, her face white with tenor, and her hands trembling like leaves. "Let's leave it. We've only taken it from month to month. Pay a month's rent, and let us go. I am sure I hate 1 it already. It gives me such a creepy, crawly feeling. I'm sure there must have been a murder committed about here some time or other, and those groans we hear are the ghosts." ... I said " liulibish !" but Mi Ave the courage to own that I was a little afraid I felt cold on the top of my head, And _•••;. anees shook at the merest trille. When we got inside I made my wife take a little whisky and water, and 1 did the same myself and felt better. Then I called to mind Mr. Jerryman's strange behaviour when I pressed him/f? r*ie houses. Could he have known/^J5^ cerning them ?. Was my Could a mystery over Cut-paw-paw there have been a murder committed any where near hand? Yes, when I came to think of it, it icon a likely spot for the per petration of some fearful crime. By the edge of the dismal swamp wherein the frogs croaked so loud. The very place. And—by Jove! it came to me like a flash of lightning, I remembered seeing bones, ghastly white hones, glistening in the sun down by the swamp on the very day we first looked over the houses. " George," gasped my wife, clutching my arm, " look at the carpet, it's breathing!" It was. Slowly it rose and fell, as if it had been the waistcoat of an enormous giant. I reached for the poker. It was one of those tiny ornamental brass things that you could not kill a mosquito with. I inwardly cursed the artistic tendencies of to-day which made such a poker possible in place of the good steel weapon of yore, that one could have done yeoman's service with in a battle against an enemy, real or supernatural. My wife crouched down behind me, and I stood on the defensive,waiting developments. "The house is pitching again ! Oli! George, there must be some huge creature underneath it. We shall all be murdered in our beds. I do wish mamma were here. Whatever shall we do V There was 110 doubt about it. The house was pitching again, as my wife aptly described it, and as we waited, a heart-rend ing groan came from a corner of the ceiling, and a large piece of the cornice was thrown violently to the floor. There is 110 use denying it, I did feel alarmed. I can face flesh and blood when I know the worst as well as most men. but when one's enemy is hidden, and you are fighting him in the dark, so to speak, a man I KKLT MV WIFE Sl.ll'I'lM; t'JIOM ilV ARMS." may lie pardoned for becoming slightly un nerved. It is the unknown that one fears. I remember reading of a regiment of soldiers armed with Martini-IIenry rilles marching through a desert becoming suddenly panic stricken, and, flingingaway theirguns, ran asif the very mischief was after them. That was what was the matter with me. I would have run, but I couldn't very well leave my/ wife by herself, and she was in such a stat' that she could hardly totter to the sofa. / " Look, George," she whispered hoarf/ " the very walls are breathing!" I rubbed my eyes and looked, hardly believe what 1 saw. The' the passage was pufling out and sit the same regularity as the carpehfl Cissy. "This is something awful,Vt? What "What have we done to dear have we sins have we committed-jg anyone. 1 offended? I linve never ljg go to church say my prayers every nig^p the poor all I regularly on Sunday, ai^i evil- speaking, can, and keep my tonsiove my neighbour lying, and slandering J,horrible," and the as myself. Oh ! thi|gt int0 tears as tli# poor little woma^ extra heavy respira carpet and wall g/, tion. now attracted ouratten l'eculiar 6°ftoming frojn beneath the tion, seemiiyf jrirst of all there was a iloor in tin as 0f a person suffering, fol* long, low.rt> B}iarp> agonised expressions, lowed by mu(Hed cries, accompanied by The" Hinds. Then a splash, as of a.body hissing water. • . ' ^alJ*inu8t be the ghost having a bath,' ^red my poor wife, between her sobyi "ihow they do like to go under the ground! J cause Hamlet says to the spirit of his fathei| fcer lie has told him to swear, ' Well dime old mole, canst work i* the earth no fastA" Then we both laughed, very hysteric must confess, but it teas laughter, and came another portionof theceiliugwithitj "Oh, George, dear, don't let us la more. It ,is very evident that annoyed by our ribaldry. Nevei . night will I spend in this house fora Inwardly I swore the same (For continuation see page%$tj8 ). sure now that Mr. .ferryman knew something 1 more than he cared to tell al>out the houses. No ' wonder the other thirty-six were empty, and they would keep empty for ever if the tenants had to put up with what we were enduring. My memory had l>ecome sharpened hy my fears. I distinctly recollected noticing signs about some of the houses which showed that they had l>een occupied. This was curious again, and Mr. .lerryman must have told an un truth when he said we were the lirst inmates of the row. Assure as the sun rose onthe morrow 1 would leave Cut-paw-paw parade for ever, and 1 would make it a rule in the future never to rent a house unless the builder went over it with me. and also gave me a written guarantee that was not haunted. For a few minutes all was quiet. THE CENTRE-riECE CAME DOWN .SMASHING ALL THE OAS GLOBES AND EXTINGUISHING THE JETS. and my wife stole to die piano, saying she , would play something soothing, with the j view of quieting the disturbed spirit or j spirits. Very gently she commenced " The J Funeral March of a .Marionette," and had got | about half way through it when the centre-1 piece came down, smashing all the gas globes | and extinguishing the jets. My wife gavea long heart-rending shriek, threw herself on the I sofa, and fainted. I tiew .to her side in the dark as well as I could, and knplt doypi near her, and behind the sofa, I felt in my pocket for matches, but (as is always the way when you want them most) I hadn't the ghost of a match. I could feel the carpet ; breathing regularly, and the walls as well. I i tried to cheer poor Cissy, but she was in j sensible to what I said. I groped about, and I as luck would have it, I came on the water- j i jug, and feeling my way back to the sofa I i sprinkled my wile's face. This restored her j almost immediately, and she murmured, j " Where are they now. (.Jeorge?" I told her . they were all gone or going, if she meant the ghosts, and as she had a Ikix of matches in ; her pocket we very soon had a light on the I subject again. When she came fully to she , l>egan to cry, and declared that would; not pass the night in the house [ for worlds, and to pacify her I i agreed to go with her to her mother's, al though it was now near 1 o'clock in the | morning. She had left her hat and cloak in the dining-room, and thither we went hand ! in hand to get them. ! Just as we reached the half-open door a i most peculiar noise, as of drapery being violently rent asunder, fell upon our ears. I leaned against the wall at the side of the opening, and drew my wife close to me. If we ha«l to die I was determined we should die together. Then cautiously we hotli peeped into the room. There in the dim light at our drawing-room window was the ghost, l'alc, very pale, with one large luminous eye lixed on us. He, or she, or it, was tugging at'the green window-curtains, and sighly deeply. I felt my wife slipping from my arms, and I knew she had fainted again. I laid her gently down, dashed forward, and closed the door. Then I carried her back to the sofa,'and administered restoratives as before. We left the house that night, and hnve never been near it again. Next day I sent a van for the furniture, and a cheque to Mr. Jerryman Jfor a month's rent, with a note telling him that No. 27 Cut-paw- paw parade was not quite as comfortable as we expected it would be. Sir. Hester's storv told with such etrnest ness, ana eorrotiorareu nt every .detail by liis charming wife, certainly nitfe u" impression on me, and 1 determined tojfeke a trip out to Runiiymende-park and loo9{ over No, 27 for myself. I happened toniintioii this to a friend, nn architect, and goffered to accom pany me in my endeavour |Lq jiluck out the heart of the mystery. Wftjound the place just as Dexter had desc^ed, and, without asking Mr. .ferryman's foilfe, inspected-No. 27, entering by the ldtchen^randow, which was innocent of a latch of unj^djid.. My friend, pushing out two or three jbricire, got tinder the house ami, found - ■ K~-tnf it ot water, the system of drainage leading all the roof water beneath the foundations, or rather where the foundations ought to have been. He disturbed half-a-dozen Jjagrant cats, who fled in all directions, swearing as they went. He discovered also that t^g partition walls consisted only of a few with canvas nailed across them, on wlttoj the wall paper had been bung. No Jyphder the wall "breathed." The Hooringlioards were lialf an-incli apart, and as they were neither tongued nor grooved, the rising and falling of the carpet when the wind Mew was not a very supernatural work after all. The groan ing was caused by the weight of the roof on the rafters, which were only four inches by one, and were placed four feet apart. " THEsIa SPLASH AS OF A BODY FALLING INTO W ATER." Mr. Jerrymnn's objection to enter the houses is therefore eattly • accounted for. That the plaster shouldhave coinedown when the piano was played is not vgry astonishing, as it was composed pf nothing but sand ; the most astonishing thing is. that any of it ever kept up at all. An oldw'iiite wall- eyed cow in the last stages of deeayiaayaccount for Mr. Dexter's ghost in the ainiug;rooni. Very likely the poor old tkinjkseeingthe window' open, could not resist the appetising art-green curtains Mrs. Dexter hart bo prided herself on. The " pitching "of the house was caused by tthr absence -of foundations,' the 1 tricks having been merely placed on the swampy land.' A strong wind from the buck was quite sufficient to force the whole of the miserable skeleton of n,building forward—the only wonder, said my architect friend, was that it did not wine down about the tenants ears. The fate of Mr. Jerry man may probably he. interesting to the reader. His houses wen put up for auction, hut in spite of the seduc tiveness of the auctioneer there was no bid. l'or some time after the Dexters left c'ut paw- paw paradenitis ■ movements" Jjeenine very mysterious ihdeed. He wouiq return home from town late at nights carry ing large square parcels, and go vi^lit out to Cut - paw - paiv parade. Another time he brought down two latige ; imps stuffed with some light material, for b,> had no difficulty in carrying them. His jm, ceedings excited remark 111 the neighbuiir Jiood. One blowy hot-wind night Tie was seen hastening towards <-ut-pnw-pnw. ]],. looked round to moke sure lie was not heiii" followed, and .observing no one enteied;une of the kitchens. i A pair of'eyes at the window s escaped his J notice. The work of spreading shaving, and I pouring oil u)k»i them, wus neatly though hurriedly one. Then a match wiis'smid. and Mr. .Terrymail waited to see the tlain. moke a good start. At tlie door lie fell inn the anus of a detective. fSix weeks later li was before a judge. The sentence was a sh one, and when it is over Mr. .lerryman wi| liave to find some new occupation. ]■'. within a.week of his arrest, his name a] peared in thelist of new insolvents, ami ill brief account of his debts ninl assets statu that all the latter were held hy sec tie creditors. 