101 THE PUN WORKED. — , » — — 4 Yourwhite rosesare ju6t coming into bufl£ Laity, said Aldrich COne, as he came in from the garden. 4 Bloeaom Hedge is at its prettiest now.1 ' . ... The coffee exhaled a fragrant odour, Jtoe y fresh-baked biscuits were of the most delicate brown, and the chickens broiled to a torn, bat Mrs. Cone's face wore a most tragic ex pression, as she sat with an open - letter in her hand. - --- Aldrich,' said she, hysterically, 4 what am I to do? Here's your Aunt Effingham coining here next week, with her six children and the nurse J They've had the measles, it seems, and the doctor has prescribed country air, so they've decided to inflict a four weeks visitation upon me!' ... . - t.-. rM)£MirA2drieht gp&ily;, 4Iforgoi£toMl yon. Haidee Clair wards to come here jthis summer. She req aires perfect quiet r-.tq finish ; heme w novel, ana says ehe retamseuch: a de- r lightful impression of Blossom Hedge from her last summer's visit.' 'Oh, does she, indeed?' said Mrs. Cone, dashing the cream and sugar recklessly into the sea-green china cups. 4 And we must remember that your cousin Falkland has kindly volun teered to send Andromeda here for the snmmer, so that she may forget that love affair of hers with Jack Jocelyn.' 'Fm afraid we haven't room for 'em all,' said Mr. Cone, reflectively. . 4 Oh, yes, you have,' said Lally, with tears and laughter struggling in her voice. 4 They'll sleep on the hall hat-rack, on toe garret floor/ . or the cellar shelves, sooner than forego the opportunity of getting good country board for nothing ! And I shall do as I' did last year — get along without a new winter suit, and do my own winter house work, because the house keeping bills were so heavy during the summer. All our relations are Very particular, you know, about their eating and dunking, and we had to I et new hair mattresses for the Johnson- Smythes, and re-carpet Haidee's room because she 14 perfectly abhorred 4 toe old pattern.' 4 It's outrageous !' said Cone, carving toe chickens. 4 Bat I don't know how we are to iielp ourselves without being dreadfully rude.' Tell them plainly that they cannot come.' 4 Our relations, Lally ?' remonstrated Cone. It's an imposition,' said Lally. It's only for a little while, my love. Let 'em ome.' 4 It will be for all summer, Aldrich.' 'No, it won't. I'll see to that.' What do you mean ?' ' J/ve got a plan in my head, my love.' 4 A plan ?' 4 Yes. You'll see. Only don't ask any queB- \ons.» 'But, Aldrich,' pleaded toe young house keeper, with every hospitable iupulse rising up lu her heart, you mu&n;'t treat 'em rudely.' 4 I'll be as pleasant as Fundi to 'em, my love, lee if I'm not.' 4 Aldrich, what are you going to do ?' 4 Don't I tell you, Lally, that it's a profound ecrct ?' 4 But you'll tell me 4 I'll tell nobody.' And to this platform Mr. Cone steadfastly ad hered, in spite of Lally's protestations and en treaties. The authoress arrived, with several huge trunks, a typewriter and a hammock. Miss Andromeda Falkland came by the next train, 4 like Niobe, all tears,' and Effing- iiam, her nurse and her six noisy, troublesome young convalescents brought up the rear. 4 Ten people !' said Mis. Cone to that trust worthy and reliable confident, herself. 4 Oh dear ! oh, dear ! I might as well have taken a situation for general housework in a summer boarding- house.' ... 4 1 don't see,' said Mrs. Pepper, the minister's .nfe, 4 what that young Cone is thinking of to allow his wife to be bo overridden with re latione. The weather is very hot, and she is far. from strong. . And I am told they sleep - them- . selves on a sofa bedstead in toe parlour, to liiakeroomfortoatewarm-ofparssites.t My toe -good parson, 4 -are " you noiexpressmgyourself rather strongly?' 4 I'm only speaking . the/truth,' aid ' Mrs. r ' Pepper. - ' " But it soon transpired that Mrs; . Cone's- visitors, like Bamums happyfamilr, could not agree. Miss Haidee Claire could not write without the accompaniment of perfect silence. The little Lffinghains could not divert themselves without the hoots and shrieks peculiar to their tender years, and both Miss Claire and Mrs. Effingham took exception to the mournful banjo notes on which Andromeda Falkland was wont of evening to bewail her blighted love. «re quarrelling like cats and dogs sighed Lally to her husband. 4 Let 'em quarrel,' said Aldrich. 4 What larks, ma!» said Erskine Effingham one afternoon, as he returned from a successful raid upon the hens' nests in the barn. 4 We've got to take our hammocks and croquet out of the Maple lot.' 4 What for?' petulantly inquired his mother. Cousin Aldrich has sold it' .'jMit? Howvety inconsiderate of him" said Mrs. Effingham. 4 Sold it to whom ? 4 To the cemetery people. 4 What!' 4 The cem-e-te-ry people,' enunciated Master Erskine. The railroad's a-goin' right through the old graveyard, ana they've got to have a new place. I heard cousin AWwh tell the carpenter to bring that load of fence posts right off, and I heard him say, too, that it didn't matter so much, because there had alreadv been two or three interments there.' 'Interments !' gasped Mrs. Effingham, under our very windows ? Goodness me 1 I never heard of such a thing !' 4 If ye plase, ma'am,' said Delia, the nurse, that accounts for it. 4 Accounts for what ?' 4 The ghost, mum, all in white." uttered DeUa, with chattering teeth. 4 1 seen it last night, mum, as the church clock struck twelve ; an I seed it the night before. / 'An' I don't wonder, ma am, the poor dead bodies bein' dug up and scattered around this way. And if you ; plase, ma'am, youll suit yourself at oice;, for not another week will Delia O'Rourke live . next doorto a churchyard.' whispered Florence Effingham, who had eagerly devoured every word of the discussion, 4 I'm afraid of ghosts. Delia says . gboste come after little girls if thev don't—' 4 Will yew hush?- said Mrs, Effingham, clasping her hands m dpair. 4 Aldrich, what is tois? Have you sold toe Maple lot9' 4 Sold it ! Why shouldn't I?> Baid Mr. Gone why just thencame in with a string of epecldei brook trout, 4 They offered ine a capital price and I'm pota rich man.' ; J ' 4 But to a cemetery !' 4 1 don't know a quieter neighbour than a cemetery/ skid Aldrich.- 4 AndPxn told,' said Mrs. Effingham, with a touddssjthat some interments nave already 4 1 didn't suppose you'd mind it, Aunt Effing, ham 'said the young host. 4 Mind it ! Why it's a semi-barbarous pro- ceeding 1 cried the lady. 4 Do -we live in a civilised country or do we not ?' 4 Ma!' screeched Rudolph Effingham, the second son, ierfctog at the - ternal. -ski 4 here's a load oflumtrat the haran reaLbig load. Do you suppose that's to make toe coffins . out of?' ' i".- ' JuBt then Miss Clare stalked/ la Lady Macbeth, on thescene. 4 1 attach no importance to vulgar supersti tion,' said she, glaring at Mrs. Effingham, with whom she was no longer on speaking terms. 4 Of toe dead I entertain nO feat, Mut toe living are quite a different thing. And I cer tainly saw a — man, Cousin Aldrich, prowling about these premises last night, with a dark lantern.' \- 4 The ghost ! Squeaked Delia.' 4 Ihave seen j him, too ! I did, with these eyes, toe blessed saints betune me and all harm ! Oh! oh! oh' \- 4 Peace, foolish woman!' said Haidee. 4 Tbis was no shade ! It was a Huflythfef, intent no doubt on mischief Isaw himtxy to open the back parlour = shutter, and then Neighbour Foxley'B waggon drove by, and he disappeared as if by magic. And I want you to under stand, Lally,' to Mrs. Cone,- 4 that I can't stand the nervous shock of this sort of thing. My profession requires that I should be sur rounded by peaceful calm. I leave here to morrow.' 1 An' I'll go wid yez,' said Delia. 4 1 can t sleep nights in a place where burglars Is climin' up toe trellis work, and poor ghosts come stalk- in' around when the church clock strikes mid night, and a whole waggon- load more comin' to- morry or- next day, from the cimetery ! Och, hone ! the like of it niver was heard before 1' . 4 Ma, ma J can't we go 'too ? We're afraid to stay at Blossom Hedge any longer !' pleaded the' little Effinghams in chorus. And so there was a -general exodus. 4 Aldrich, is this true ? said Mis. Cone, when the last express load of trunks had dis appeared round the curve of toe road. 4 Is what true ? You're not afraid of ghosts, are you, Lally ? 4-No ; but— — ' 'Don't fret, my dear,' said Cone, com posedly. 4 The cemetery has purchased a lot, but It happens to be Maple Hul, four miles to the east of us. I'm not to blame, am I, for Erskine Effingham's blunder ?' 4 But the load of lumber ?' 4 I've sold toe place to Dr. Bassett. and he's going to build a gem of a Queen Anne cottage. I can't imagine any pleasanter neighbours than the BasBetts will be ; can you ?' 4 Y-yes,' said bewildered Lally ; 4 but the : interments that had already taken place there ? You said yourself ' . 4 My dearest girl, don't you remember that we buried Minnie, your pet spaniel, under the weetbriar bush there, and toe two canaries last fall?' 4 Oh, Aldrich, aren't you ashamed of your- self?' 4 Who — I? Not in the least.' 4 But the ghosts, Aldrich ? the burglara ?' 4 Here comes Andromeda, said Mr. Cone, with a sudden assumption of more than judicial gravity. 4 Come here, you false damsel, and own up at once what I've already been sharp enough to discover for myself.' 4 Oh, Cousin Aldrich,' stammered poor An dromeda, blushing celestial rosy red, and trying vainly to hide her face behind toe blue-ribboned banjo in her hand. 4 1 am neither Delia O'Rourke, nor the Effing ham children, nor yet Haidee Clare,' merci lessly went on Aldrich. 4 Aud I shrewdly sus pect that the ghost was Jack Jocelyn in a white tennis suit, haunting the green field beneath his sweetheart's window, and the burglar no other than Jack Jocelyn in black, climbing up the trellis after a letter which he well knew where to find. Andromeda blushed redder to an ever. 4 Now, I'll have no more of this,' said Al drich, with mock sternness. 4 Confess, young woman, at once, that you and your love affair are at toe bottom of ail this mystification. Jack Jocdyn has owned up.' . ' 4 On/' Aldrich sobbed ; Andromeda. 4 And will you; tod/ turn against me?. \- 4 Nofc abit of it, ' skid Aldrich Cone, cheer fully.; 4 Don't fret; little one, Jack ; has just told me thathe has been: appointed to" a thou sand-dollar berth in tod general prat- office, «»id Fve written to your mother that things are all right. He's a jolly good fellow, and it isn't necessary for him to play ghoet out in the cold any longer. Andromeda threw herself, weeping with joy, into Lally Cone's arms, and the two women re joiced together.' Aldrich smiled. 4 My plan hasn't worked so badlv.' said he. — Saturday Kight, 