Old Uncle Bill. Any one who -visited Mr. Norris at his fine place on the Hudson would be sure to notice, after a while, an old man who wandered about the place dressed all summer in a white shirt and linen vest and trousers and a fisherman's hat, and all winter in a woollen dressing gown. He was a meek, tall, bald old man, and people at first took him for a superannuated old servant ; but, finally, his nice linen, his neat hands, and a certain well-bred tone of voice, if, by chance, they heard him. speak, made them ask : 'Who is that?' If they inquired of Miss Belle, the eldest unmarried daughter, she would answer : ' An old connection of poor mamma's. I can*t see why pa has him. here — horrid thing.' If they asked Mr. Norris' maiden sister, she would reply : ' One of the blessings my late sisterin law brought with her into the family. A miserable ne'er-do-well of a relation.' If the question was propounded to pompous Mr. Norris, as he sat in his arm chair on his piazza, or drove about his property in one of his handsome vehicles, he would answer : ' Well, that's a sort of a relation of my wife's, a ne'er-do-well. The black sheep of the flock, you know. Always is one in every family. For her sake — she was a very benevolent woman — we let him stay about. He prefers eating by himself. He's very stupid, very ; but she wanted him here, and she had her way, poor soul. I grudged her nothing. Yes, {that's poor Bill.' But if it was Miss Pheroie of whom the question was asked, she always answered ; * Why, that is Uncle Bill. He's a little eccentric, but the dearest old souL I'm very, very fond of him, and he of me. Dear old Uncle BilL' Certainly Pheniie was the old man's only friend in that pompous household. She it was who went up to his little room with his meals, and sat with him while he ate them ; who saw that he had the news paper and his pipe ; who had fixed that little out-of-the-way place with a pretty carpet, book-shelves, a student's lamp, lots of prettj ornaments in worsted and painted silk ; who never received her monthly allowance without buying some thing for him. His pretty, snow white shirts were her gift, and she saw. that they were ' done up ' properly. The flannel dressing-gown Tie wore in winter was of her contrivance. In fact, up in that dormer-roofed room, there were hours that were more home-like than any spent in the great parlors, or the big dining-room, where Miss Belle was only affectionate to 'pa' when she wan ted him to give her more money to spend j and Miss Nesris, the elder sister of the master of the house, made bitter speeches in the pauses of the needle-work in which she was perpetually engaged, sometimes di rected at her brother, sometimes at Belle, sometimes at Phemie, but all worded so circumspectly and clothed in such a guise of piety that no one dared resent them. * What a comfort you are, Uncle Bill,' Phemie would say, as she poured out the old man's coffee. * And what a comfort you are, Phemie/ old Uncle Bill would say. 'If I was a rich uncle, just home from India, like those in the plays and novels, you couldn't make more of me.' ' I shouldn't make so much, uncle/ Phemie would answer, ' for you'd he a victim of liver complaint, and that would make you ill-natured and you'd scold me and say naughty words. They all do, you know. Now yon. haven't any. money or stocks to worry about, like poor pa j and you're not irritable, and I like to be with you. You're like mamma, too. You have her eyes.' ' You are sister Susan's image/ the old man would say. ' Do you remember the day that you came to the hospital -with her?' . 'Yep/ said Phemie. .' I was just twelve years old, and mamma was crying over the telegram. « My only brother, Phemie?' ' she said. ' So sick that he may die, axui eq j(Qpr that he's in a hospitja}.? T^en :^e came and I saw you in bed, and -aJt%t 'a' ?while we brought you home, and ma nursed you well again.' * And died herself, just as I got about/ said Uncle Bill. * And your father and the rest did not like a shabby old man around the heuse. Well, I was lucky to get a home, I suppose, and luckier still to find such disinterested love as yours. You're like Susan. She was the dearest girl that ever lived. Yes, you're like Susan.' But they did not always talk thus. They Were very busy often, over books ; over Phemie's embroidery, for which he designed patterns ; teaching her little dog a thousand tricks j feeding the blind kittens Phelan saved from drowning ; making a little well, from which the canary drew buckets of water. And Phemie and the old man would wander off to the river-side, where he would fish, seldom catching any thing, and she would read or knit. None of the family knew of these inti macies. Belle, older than Pheniie by six years, preferred that she should consider herself a child until Miss Norris was mar ried. And Aunt Maicia detested her for her resemblance to the sister-in-law who had never been congenial. ? No one in the house knew, but some one not of the household did, and shared at times in them. Sometimes, when the old man's rod dangled over the water, a younger angler would take his place near him — a hand some young fellow with black hair and the brightest eyes in the world ; and then the hours went by like hours in a dream, and Phemie felt happy as she had felt when a child by her mother's side. And Uncle Bill laughed and told fishermen's stories. As for the young man, silent or talkative, he was always charming. So thought Pheniie. She was seventeen ; she had never had a lover. She was well- read in romantic lore. What happened was only to be expected. In a little while two lovers sat beside old Uncle Bill on the banks of' the pretty stream, and walked together as far. as the little gate in the hedge that nobody else used, and did not hide from the old man that they parted with a kiss. Fred Howard was not a fashionable man, only the son of a poor widow who had made a book-keeper of her boy. What holidays he had; he spent at home. This was his mid-summer vacation 5 he was bright and goocLand handsome, but Mr. Norris surely wouLJ have had other views for his youngest daughter. And so one day, as the two, having met accidentally on the road, were talking together, with an expression on either face that made an old country lady, who drove past, remark to her husband : ' Hiram, take my word for it, them's beaus/ Mr. Norris marched up behind the pair, and appeared like a very florid ghost between them, with an : 'I was not aware, Mr. Howard, that you had ever been introduced to my daughter.' The young man blnshed, but answered : ' But I have sir — -by my friend, her uncle.' * Oh !' replied Mr. Norrip, lowering his tone a little. * Then you know my brother, Mr. Whipple Norris, in the city? He is a relative I am proud of — worth half a million if he is a cent.' ' I hajve often heard ? of Mr. Whipple Norris/ replied the young man frankly j * but have never met him 5 I owe my intro duction to Miss Pheniie Norris to her Uncle William — ah — ah.' The young man suddenly remembered that he did not know Uncle Bill's last name* ' Her Uncle William !' repeated Mr. Norris. ' Euphemia, does young Howard allude to your poor mother's unfortunate brother Bill?' Phemie bowed her head. ? Young Howard !' repeated Mr. Norris. ' That person has no authority to introduce my daughter. Consider yourself a stranger to her henceforth.* Phemie looked at Fled, Fied looked at Phemie. ' It is too late, sir/ the latter said, ' I love your Haughter^ and have won her heart. She has premised to be any wife.' Mr. Norris stared at him, lifted, his eye brows f stared again through his double eye-glass, and spoke sternly : . ' I have one daughter who is a credit to me. Lord M'Tab paid great attention to her last winter. He has written to me to ask my consent to their nuptials, which I shall give, and he will return in the fall to to be married to her. An English noble man, would hardly like a bfother-in-law who makes, perhaps, twenty dollars a week. My eldest daughter, Mrs. TifnMns Trotter, has married a gentleman who is esteemed the wealthiest man in Mineville. My son is -with my brother in New York-r-a man J am proud of. Now, J Bhall never, make a fuss about Phemie, I only tell you this : If she marries you, I disown her. You pan take her if she chooses. I shall never give her a penny. She may have hex clothes and trinkets, and go. If she obeys, me, she shall be, married or single, well provided for. She is plain and unprepos sessing ; but I know a young clergyman who will attain eminence, who only needs my permission to propose. She might do very well with a proper portion for 'him. She has a thick waist, a large mouth, and ordinary f eajfc^pB^? cqijaii^ecL Mr. Nqiris., turning hie eye--glass 011 bis daughter ; * but * 881$ is |he prettiest gal J ino^ft and if I may earn her bread and butter, I can do it/ spd^M -Howard. *You givfi &er; to ?iBf,-^^';; ?;.;??.'_, ? ; ; ;-? ?, ?;??;. y- :fy j _ ..-.-???? ' No,' replied Mr'. Norris. * She may give herself to you if she chooses to be a beggar.' Then he walked away. As Pheniie and Fred stood looking at each other, old Uncle Bill's head arose aooVe the shrubbery. * I give my permission/ he said, with more than usual dignity ; * and I am her mother's brother. I think you will make her happy, young Fred Howard.' The maiden aunt and the sister, who was' to be the bride of an English nobleman led Phemie a sad life of it for a while; but one morning she walked out of her home in her simple church-going costume, and was married in the little chapel of St. John. Old Uncle Bill, in his old-fashioned broadcloth suit, went with them, and gave the bride away. Mrs. Howard was there, and a school friend of Phemie's, and a fel low clerk of Fred's. None of . the Norris family. And after the wedding they were to go on a trip. Phemie's trunks had been sent to Fred's mother's little house. The bride was not' as happy as she might have been under other circumstances, but at home no one had ever loved or cousidered her since her mother's death j and Fred loved her, and she loved him. Her only trouble was that she must leave old Uncle Bill. ' That is haTd/ the old man said,.* very hard, Phemie.' And then Fred held out his hand. * Uncle Bill/ he said, e we shall live in a very plain way, but if you will live with us, we will do our best to make you happy,, and shall be happy ourselves. ' Will you be so, boy ?' cried Uncle Bill. ' A poor old man like me, eh ! really ?' 'Really,' cried Phemie, dancing -with joy. ' Really and truly, heaven knows.' And Fred grasped his hand and shook it. * You brought us together/ Uucle Bill, he said. ?It's lucky/ answered Uncle Bill, * f or brother-in-law Norris has turned me out of his house for aiding and abetting yon — told me that I might be town poor if I liked. I didn't, but I just said, ' Very well, I'll go.'' ' ' I'll get your things and take them to mother's/ said Fred. * You'll be company for her while we're gone ; after that, one home for all of us.' Then the old man looked at them with a smile ; looked at Mrs. Howard with ano ther, and laughed bia sweet, good-natured laugh.. * You're too good, honest, generous chil dren/ he said. ? And you're Fred's mother, ma'am. But I've an explanation to make. Five years ago my sister Susan heard that I was sick, and at a hospital, and took me to her house. She nursed me back to tolerable health and was very good to me. Then, sweet angel, she died. She thought that being in a hospital meant poverty. I was paying fifty dollars a week there. I have a fortune that even Mr. Norris would respect, but seeing what he was, I took a fancy that I'd find out what his children were. I have. I have lived about the place as old Uncle Bill, a poor relation. I wasn't wanted, even at table I was despised by all but Pheniie. See,- dear little soul, has been a daughter to me. I told sister Susan the truth on her death bed, and pro mised to do my best by this sweet girl ; and. my money has been growing under good care for five years. Why, had I been the beggar they thought me, I'd have gone to an almshouse rather than eat Nor ris's bread all these years, as it was, I en joyed the joke. To think how he would have respected me if he had known the truth. How he scorned me for being poor, when I was a wealthy man j but let all that pass, we are happy together and what need we care ?' - ' There was great excitement at the Norris mansion when the news reached its inha bitants, and Mr. Norris sent a formal for giveness to his daughter. She was a good girl and felt glad that this was so, bnt she only began to know what real happiness* was in the home where she and those who truly loved her liyed contentedly together fox many long and pleasant years. 