from over the sea, NEWS BY THE AUAKIEDA- A CHAT WITH CAPTAIN MOUSE. >>6M Ote flnwtr boHUOSliW. It -is always s plrasurv to mret Gsptain Mbrsr of the Adamed, who takes MMh a yaria antertst in 'athliDt. thea times' espemnfly, wbn fo mpch is' m»ng on be'twrep our boys, and (hose on the Slope sad elsewhere. First of all there t tbe errrat klcarwT AND WRIB mctnntor for rhe Feather-weight Champion- Ship of ibe WortyJ, This came uff the night before the fteamer left, and h£arpby wpa after.,14 rpands. To ay (he rqntlt.was asufpnae.oviT tbeve is a mild tray to put it. Many thought beforehand that nrfone-in tbe world coyld havu a ghost pf a show with the woodwfnl Spider," but when the two shaped in theving it was pounds to farthings GO the Belfut. Bpf one of Frank dail« (h.,-ehen&A;(d about it, '0b! don't talk ; Murphy ain't got any license, to fight the Stjider/meauinc, of oarrev that, be waso'tin lnewme street. " If I hve for a hundred years,"— and he looks Kkeit.al though jot recov.erinr from mfluenra— Capuin Morse raid, 44 131 never know what to make of that fight." The Captain is ns good a judge a there is, eo ltis opjniiKi is worth eorantbing. Hskoons the methods of all the boxers of the day. Here's about htc opinion of it i— For twelve rounds Murphy couldn't touch Weir, -who, while -getting all over the New Zealaoder as he liked, treated him with contempt. ' Murpbr used to fellow "hhu about, and with tis mrii-koown war-whoop sling fight and left; bnt tbe Spider wqs never there. . Weir skipped about like a Wjfl o' th XVisn, and jerringiy gruhtpd back at Billy, or laughed him to room. In fact, says the cap tain, ycu might se fH have tried lo shoot a diver with an old flint lock. The whole thing was ludicrous. '.'.However, Weir didn't make any improninn on Murphy, who kept chaung him rouud hopelsasly. Then Weir would lightly tap bjm en tbe face and get awsy smiling. At last, tu everyone's stir-' pri8». Murphy let go a lidt right, uppercut, which sent Weir down, and he didn't respond to the call of time, The cap tain can't understand Spider - being finished in that way. for. the little demon hss fought fprhtftlrs wlih broken rib and arms. Hau ha liked Marpby 'could never bit him. Then there's, another view. Weir was eertiu&ly; not ..fiVbut had-been drinking till the early hours a day or two before. l?erhhp,i say the cap tain, he found himself mak,' knew be couldn't beat Murphy who took litdo notice of hiB blows, and Was wearing .him down, and- so gave u'ji the - task, a liopelee. I reminded the car-tain that Mnrphy didn't wrcn't to hit often !» nettle the business. A everybody knows who ever saw him box, " Yes, that true, bnt I didn't knew bow ro settle it. There was a good deal of disapproval' among those pr tent, but I don't know if they'll ujest again or if the club will take any action, as the boat left soon after." Going to 'Fbisuo. Its qoite probable that 'Larry F-»Dy will go to 'Frisco by the Alrrmrda, and take with hitn Jim Hall, the. middlc- wv jphr, and Young Griffo, tiie Woiiderfnlly clever festh< rweight. Both of ibese can hold (lirir own anywhere. In fact, many would back Griffo to fight Murphy. If thry do inert thereUbe a desperate battle, nnd tf Giiffokcepwon improving asLe is doiug, ht/s snrc to beat Billy jt>yn-and-bye. Sullivan and Jackson. ' The talk of aourse is nf the meeting of these two chauipions. Captain Morse thinks they will come together sure in about fonr months time. A delegate went East to arrange the preHnnnaries just before die steamer loft. Most Americans think that Sullivan will win in about fmir round. A few that if Jackson lafttfi about six that lie'll win, for being no clever hn may keep out of Sullivan's way until the Sloggcr gets ho»bead-d aud gives hvmsrif away, au that ffackaob'a left will nettle the busmen. -Were Sullivan in his prime, riiey think there wopld bs oiily limiaeff in it, but, poing off ns he U from hin continual liout, it's, hard to say fiow tit he'll be. Jackson is ad mitted to be the moat scientific man in the ring, bnt il ie opiiv-d that Snllman will rtsli lritn and break down hn guard, when, hitting as he docs, it will hi all over. slavic IS AFTEg jagkrok. Thaf-'swhattfieCajHaiii -a/a. If Peter bests the big fellow Siavm Mill nt once challenge Peter. In tin oonnectiou, ehen they do meet I have rhe authority of Slaving backrrs to say tijftt lie'll fruppprt ius loan up to LliOOU. Tom Lxks. Tom Lees, whom Peter Jackson beat in Sydney, and so gained the Australian qbam- pionHhipabout three yare ago, m-ba a passen ger from Auckland by the Alameda. THR asirnioak SCDLLRRS. There wae some talk of Petereon, the 'Frisco champion, nai Teemcr coming out, but tin)' have waited to take part in a sweepstake, possibly they'll be here shortly. -V GAimoLLArtD'M'.ftin.iFj'R. COMING. < M'Auliffn will b-1 herein the Spring, and Car roll is also arranging to come over. 