I TIIE HOSPITAL BALL. | The annual dance festival in connection with the : Hospital, that most deserving of local charities ! took place in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening' ! and was unanimously declared to be equal in everv I respect to any of its predecessors. Some people i declared that it was the very best that ever was , attended. As, however, this last unqualified eulogy I was pronounced by charming lips tasting for the | first time the delights of a real grown-up people's j public ball, the soothing flattery might witli ad van - j tage be seasoned with a tiny grain of salt by those who managed the undertaking. Such unsophisti cated and unsolicited praise, however, must needs prove encouraging to the most blase votary of plea sure. As we have long passed the gushing period of initial pleasure, and yet are not cursed with the cloyed tastes of the jaded Sybarite, we support the opinion of the majority and unhesitatingly declare that the Hospital Ballon Tuesday night was one of the most sparkling and enjoyahle entertainments of the kind we ever remember attending, and it is certainly undeniable that not a hitch occurred throughout the evening to spoil the fun. We now will strive in a sprightlier strain to write some de scription of what was to he seen and heard. The brilliantly- lighted hall, becomingly festooned with Manners, aim nere ami r, nere a Drilliant hunch of flowers and tender spring- lined leaves, looked its very best It was not., however, the decorations and noble proportions of the. hall-room that charmed the onlooker on the occasion, hut a living, ever- changing, kalieiloseopic scene of human faces and forms, vieing in comeliness and grace with each other. In the fancy costumes a Daughter of the Regiment, in all the bravery of feminine military trappings, tripped all too swiftly passed us, and our heart was fireel with martial ardor to forthwith enlist in her regiment. No sooner was she gone, however, than another, whose face as graceful as it was rendered stately hy having the hair powdered in the style of the. very auld lang syne, in a costume of white silk trimmed with green, claimed our homage. A Norman bride, in the quaint head dress and picturesque costume of her native land, was admired hy more than one of those present. La Perichole, with the added witchery of the cos tume to a fair face, was well nigh irresistible. Many other faney dresses were in the room, of which for want of space we here can make no men- iton. As for the evening dresses worn by the majority of the ladies, any pen wielded hy mascu line bauds would convey but a faint idea of their bewitching beauty. All. were captivating, and it would indeed have been a jaded taste that could not be suited with its ideal, The enjoyment throughout was thorough, and not a single lady or gentleman found the slightest pretext for the ghost of a complaint. Messrs. Jas. Martin (president), jy«ivi&, o. V3-. oinicn, i» lvioormacK, J. riea- ley and the Secretary were the ruling spirits of the undertaking, and worked its lines so rightly that complaint was impossible. The enjoyment of the evening was heightened by the excellent music pro vided ; Miss Daisy Ryan (piano) and Mr. Lovell (cornet) being the source whence sprang the ca- denced movement of the swaying forms in the dances. The success of the bull" as far as pleasure, good management, and all that is comprised in the word success, was complete. The supper table, in conclusion, was so crowded with dainties as almost to tempt the very gods of pleasure, aud needless to say those in charge were kept busy. These good things were provided hy the ladies of the town and district, who must be commended on the result of their efforts. 