Smiles. -4 Arose by another name- Got up. It is among egotists that tho 'IvilI' io mostly found. Minnie : ' They say that Mr. Peck does all his own mending. Isn't that nice for her ?' Minnie: 'Idon't know. It seems to me that I would rather have a real man.' It is the wife of tile late husband who is . most interested in 'the coming man.' Milton was asked if he intoeded to instruct his daughters in the different languages, to which he replied, 'No, sir; one tongue is euflicient for a woman.' . Gus: 'What's the matter, Jack?. You look all worn out.' Jack : ' I'veo been visiting a young couple with their first baby.' A Serious Affliction: 'Well, I see old Mithomer lhas died at lest.' 'Yes; it was a sad loss to me.' ' I didn't know you were a friend of his.' 'No ; I was his physician.' A fortunate stockbroker, whei asked if he owed his success to being long or short of the market, replied, 'It was neither; I think it was becauso I was square.' The American sohool as seen through German spectacles.-Teaehor: 'Now, the first boy that fires at me again with his re volver shall go down three places.' Mistaken.-Richard: 'Is it true that Joe's death was caused by the excessive use of. tobacco?' Harry: 'No; he never used tobacco. Cigarettes killed himin.' Nothing tends to turn a man toward tem perance quicker than going to the closet in 1 the dark for the brandy bottle and getting the cod-liver oil bottle by mistake. 'Pa,' said a lhd to his father, 'I have often read of people, poor but honest; why don't they sometimes say, rich but honest ?' 'Tut, tut, my son, nobody would believe them,' answered the father. Husband : ' Did you ever notice, my dear, that a loud talkeris generally an ignorant person P' Wife: 'Well, you neetdr'ct nta!k so loud; I'm not deaf.' It is the popular belief that.if there eas a woman instead of a man in the imoon, lunar history would no longer be a secret to us. Eight young men dressed up as ghosts intercepted John Boylo, a Delaware farme? , as hlie was driving home. John didn't know the difference betweena ghost aunh a mermaid, and he began shooting with an old pistol anna wounded two of the boys and seared the others nearly to death. Mary:'Mebbe I'm ugly now, mum, but in me day I've broken a great many hearts.' Mistress: ' Well, Mary, if you handled hearts the way you do my best china, I believe y?ou.' ' Ah!' sighed the straw lhat to the summer trousers, ' I hear that to-morrow you are to be taken out todye!' '1Oh, no,' returned the other; ' only to get hc now lease of lifo.' Anxious mother: 'I wish, Susan, that when you give baby a bath you would be careful to ascertain whether the water is at the proper temperature.' Busan: 'Oh, don't you worry about that, ma'am ! 1 don't need no 'mometeors. If the little one turns red the water is too hot; if it turns blue it's too cold; and that's all there is about it!'. ' Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also,' said the Sunday.school techler, evidently trying to point a moral. 'If that's tic way o't,' put in one little fellow. ' my fathnr', hra?.'o:- 0.. _.-i... Many a woman duets billiard chalk off her husband's coat with greaout big drops of tears in her beautiful eyes, as sho reflects how hard and how late lie has to work at his desk close to that nasty whitewashedl wall. - Mrs. H., mistaking a mirror for a door, and suddenly starting back: 'Oh ,' Mr. H., laughing: 'Why didn't you go through, my deerP' Mrs. H.:'Uponrofleotion thought I had batter not.' 'n - Catarrh enuff is clearly most efflineacious. Gentleman (to village cobbler): ' What is that powder you are using P' Cobbler: 'It's oatarrh snuff.'. Gentloman: 'Is it any good ?' Cobbler: ' Well, I've lad catarrh for more'n 30 years, an' I've never took nothia' for it but this.' A little girl was told by her nurse that if she did not think so much by day she would dream less by night. 'But I can't help thinking,' she said, and added patheticeally, I can't make my mind to sit down.! A clergyman in the neighbourhood of Nottingham was complimenting a tailor in his parish on repairs which he had done for him. In the course of conversation he, how ever, incautiously observed, ' WhenI want a new coat I go to London-they make them there.' Beloro leaving the shop hl inquired, 'By the by, do you come to ily churoh P' No,' was the reply; 'when I wait to hear a good sermon I go to London-they mnake them there !' Fontoncllo had a brother, an abbott, who loved good wine. A gentleman asked him on. day, 'What is your brother doing?.' 'My brother,' said lie, 'ho is a priest.' 'Hashoe a livingP' 'No.' 'How does he employ himself ?' 'Ho says mass in the morning.' '?ndin te evening ' 'In the evening,' rejoins Fontonello, 'le don't know what he says.' No one need pity those people who vora buried in the ashes and lava at Pompeii. Three days' warning of thie calamity was had, and those who remained behind were mostly thieves who were cilling to take the risks to make a stake. John Farmington, a tavern, keeper sir miles out of Cineinatti, advertised that he had captured a creatured weighing only the eighteenth of .an ounce which could easily lift a man weighing 250 pounds. Crowds rushed out to drink his beer and see the curiosity, and when the bar could be no longer worked he brought out a box with a lhornet in it. No one wanted to be 'lifted.' In thi train. 'Georgia, Geor?.i., mind-o your hlat will be blown off if youl lean an Far out of the oarriago !' Paterfamilins, qickly snatching the hat from the head of the re fractory youngster, and hiding it behind his back.-'Thero now, tile hat has gone ' Georgie aets up a howl. After a wlhlo his father remarked, 'Come, be quiet. if I whistle, your hat will come baok again!' Whistles, and replaces hat on boy's head. 'There, it's back again, you see!' While the parents are engaged in conversation, Georgio throws his hat out of the window, and oriesp, 'Pa, whistle again! A verdant-looking couple appeared one day at the parsonage of an American mirieter in one of the eastern States, and the young man awkwardly explained that they wanted to be married. It was raining in torrents, as it had been aUl day. The candidates for matrimony had come in an epen loaggy, sheltered only by a single umbrella, na,, were so thoroughly drenched that it was neces sary for them to dry their garments by the "itohen fire before the minister could pro ceed with the ceremony. When they re oppeared he said, ' It's bad to have such a rainy day.' 'Waal,' said the bridrgroom, with the well-marked nasal twang of a rural PYnnkee, 'that's just exactly why wo come, You see it's pourin' so hard we couldn't do nothin' else, so we jest tlhounjt it was a good time to get married. Wouldri't. hayve come if it'd been good ploughin' weatl:er.' 