, . TERRIBLE. RIDE. I bought myticket througto Vence of Blank and Son, in London. " You will see our agent in every station, and he will save you alltrouble with yonrluggage, finding your train, and so on," said wth a bland smile, the head man of Blank and Son; as he handed me my little book of coupons and bowed me out into the chill fog of the November day. I went next day to Paris, and spent the day after in the gay shops and streets of that heedless, happy, care-for getting town. I was to leave for Turin from the Gare de Lyon at 7.15 in the evening. When the dusk fell the clouds gathered, and I drove alone through the pouring rain to the station. My friends had brought me flowers and fruits, and they would have gone to see me off, but I refused. They were women-why could not I do as well as they? And then there was the agent of Blank and Son. He was sure to be there. What could I want more? I reached the station. The rain beat on my unsheltered head as I paid the driver twice his fee, for the truly feminine reason that he de mended it. I went in. N-o agent of Blank and Son was to be seen. I had toy ticket dated, my trunk registered, and then I followed a porter laden with my hand luggage to the train. All the length of the train for Turin we wan dered-there was but?one first-class carriage to be found. I had my first-class ticket ill my hand, and I went up to this one carriage tand would fain have entered it. A stolid- looking old priest sat there in solitary state, and as I was about to cilmb up he said grimly that it was all taken. I pleaded for one little corner, hut invain. Isaid " But monsieur, my ticket is first-class, and there is no first- class carriage but this." " It is all taken, madame," came his reply. inexorable as fate. I turned away in despair. Clearly Imust eithergo second- class or girs it my journey for that night. I could not do the latter, for the friend of my heart was waiting for me in Venice, and her plans depended on mine. At that moment I caught sight, for the first time, of a limp man wearing the livery of Blank and Son. He was the most knock kneed, weak-looking creature you could imagine -still he was Messrs. Blank's agent. Expiring hope was rekindled in my breast. I cried out to him. I showed him my little book with my first-class ticket. Slowly, as if ha were going to execution, he went up to the surly priest in the single first-class carriage, and slowly he came back tome. "He says it's all taken, ma'am-" " Yes, but can't you speak to the chief of.the station ? " " Thero's no time," and he pointed to the clock, just on the quarter past seven. He was so utterly helpless, so pitiably we-tk, I turned from him desperatelv. Even the second-class carriageshad been filling fast. Isaw a vacancy . in only one. I plunged into it and the porter handed in my baggage. I glanced then at my companions-two beetle-browed, black-looking men, evidently Italians. smoking fiercely. Terror took hold on me. I nttereda last cry of despair. and a kindly voice speaking English with a French accent, sail : " Madame, cau I he of atny service ?'" and at the moment the speaker sprang into the car riage, took his seat in the corner opposite me; the door was shut with a bang, and the train moved away. I told my tale, and the roung Frenchman who was after all more Englislh than French, since he had lived in Enigland almost from his boyhood - tried to comfort me. At that. momentIrealised that I had drawn off my gloves, the mlore readily to get out my tickets and the small change for ny porter, and that on one hand a ruby ring was catching thie lamplight, and on the other a duller glitter betrayed a large sapphire. I had worn the ringsfor safe-keeping. but my mind misgave me as I saw how earnes!ly the smoking Italians were regarding them. I settled back in my corner and drew on my gloves. uilt now some evil attraction compelled me to look steadfastly at my companions anud try to take their It was a task beyond me. I had never seen such men. The head and face of the younger were exactly the image of the murderer ill ttlnae. Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors. IHappily for the world that murderer had been Ihanged; but could it be that his uneasy ghost was reincarnated in this man, and had come to torment the world again ? I had'just read " Esoteric Buddhism," and this idea seemed mast reasonale. There was a sort dii evil fas: cination for me in the study of these two rufians. It seemed to me they looked behind their tobacco smoke like demons seen throngh the sulphunrous elouds of the Inferno, Sudilenly my French-Englishman leaned forward spi spoke to me. " fadamne, I have fear of those Italians. I like their looks very ill." " I agree with you." I said. " That younger . one looks exactly like one of Ndime. Tussaud's murderers." " He makes me less of terror than the other. Me is perltips too yotng to contriv-e plnns for harm: but the otther!" lie drew a long breath. "'The otherlcils in his eyes a look so' terrible, so wicked, it gives me fear. And be hold them ! They anre so shabby. What do they pay second-class fare ? Would they not be third lInt for soice nischlief they plani" "What shall we do '" I whispened back. "Ihope to defend nmad.Lme while we wake.. They will wait for un to sleep. We must not sleep." Then wes settled oturelves back into our corners and watched the two Italians in silence.' After a while they stopped surfoing, and the oldest one o milled solnethi?,g black out of hid pocket. I shuddered. I thought it awas a pistol : but no, it uasa small black bottle. The man drank from it and then handed it to his companion. I thought they were rousitig up their courage thus, and I grew cold with, ten-or. Next the big sdan took out a clasp knife nearly a foot long. He opened it, and its bright, keen blade gleamed wickedly in the lamplight. Ire cut off a block of bread wiih'it from a long roll for his companion and one for himself, and replaced thie weapon. ButI knew' from thenceforth that it was there. I bent forward atnd- whislecrd: "Did you see that ?"-' "Yes, madame, I saw it. They think we will fall asleep in securnity when we have seem them eat and drink." " But," I said, " that knife is not reassur ing." "IMon Dieut, no! The Italians do mostly their murders with kniives." He whispered oepulchrallv. ns if to "'do murders" were the natural acnl legitimate business of the Italian nation. Then again we settled back in our corners, watchinig, and the Italians went to sleep, or seemed to do.so: but I tlought I could see them looking out from under their closed lidC now and then, and I nrenued my eyds wsidelyandc stared hard, that they e-light not for a moment think I had gor:e to s!e p. SAbout oie o'clock in thle morningth- e carriage stolpped antdi a man elterdl.i IiHeaven be thalnked '. whlispered my neigh hour: '" we arct now- thiree il'luinst tavo. Ilut no, lthe nwe-tomeiE r elaici gedto the enemy. iThey welcomed hin. Tthey treated him frdm the tblack bottle. Thie cut bread for him withl the wicked. gleaming nl nifec: a-ind then tine thrce irbegan to talk tollgether, cia.erl-s, excitedl-, andlT felt that some cat:atrop-lit p' as immihaent. I watched and watched : aut Iupposethat-weari uess must finally nlave got the better of me, andt thalt in spite of myself my eves had closed, for suddenly I felt a hand teaut-ig my watch and nmy pini frt-sn inlv bsomet. andl other mands pull ieg off my glores and struggling at my rings. I opened mtsesea. :ild the oldest Italian. with the -glen-iuili' k~'ife between his teeth, was clutchinig myn pulse. The recond one was- tnsr ing off tar rings. ansi the latest comer had got tnv French-EngI!ishmlen dowsn on the floor and was sRIIruggliltng with himn. As I looked up thle big Italian canghlt his knife in his hand. "It you cry out, oneo little cry only. I will kill sou." he hisseed, and my tongue clove to my mouth. I coold not li-ve made a sound, how ever, hnad I tried. And just then the torin slackened speedl, anld with the clhange of tinotion I sprang tO my feet. The Italianus were stilt sleeping at their end of thie train, and I had tut dreamed a very evil dream. And at- that moment the train stopped altolgether. and I caught a glow fromt thie mam day in the east, antd thIe guard threw open the door and said in French: " At Macon a coltiage was put on for lanes only--would madam perhaps like to changbe?' And indeed madane wousld, and the Frenchu En=lislunan helped me out, and thIe Italians opened their eyes ancd nodded farewell, and in a moment mnore I was alone and safe: ani tihe sun rose royally over themnountain tops; and the end haild oreaee of a vecry horrible night.--anet clstet-r llWeek/ni Dies-. 