CLERICAL. Welcome to the Anglican Primate. The Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Goe held an "at home" on the 26th ult. at Bishop's court to weteome the new Primate of Aus tralia. fee Bbrht Rev. Dr. Saumarez Smith, who has just arrived from Adelaide en route for Sydney. Among those present were Captain and hfes. Actond Hood and Captain Wellington (of Government-house), Captain Mann, Captain Rowan, Dr. Bnownless (Chancellor of the TJni- werailvV Professor Morris. Dr.lewer, Dr. W. Wilson, die Dean of Melbourne, Archdeacon Stretch, and & number of the clergy with their wives and daughters. Dr. Gob eaid that on behalf of feetedies and gentlemen who represented the churches in the Melbourne diocese ' he had been requested to present to the Frinx&te; an address which had been signed by the clergy mad laity of the diocese, expressing to some extent their feel ings towards him. The addhess read as fellows - . To tbe Most Rev. Father in God, William Saumarez Smith, D.D., Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania. May it Please your Lordship, — We, the bishop, elergy, and l»ityof the Church of Phigland wifhinthe diocese of Melbourne, wish to convey to your lordship our cordial welcome to this City. We embrace the opportunity afforded us by your short visituf bidding yon God-speed on your way to Sydney, there for mally to enter upon the threefold responsibility of your high office. That office has been adorned by fhefhr- sierhted wis dom of the first of your predecessors, by the saintly dignity of the second, and by the commanding talents of the third. - Their episcopates cover a period f little more than fifty years, yet during that brief half- centuiy this vast continent, at first entrusted to the care of Bishop Broughton as one diocese, has been divided into twelve dioceses. While we fully recognise tbe weight of obligation wrhmh vioAna wogfr on OnO CrliA O UUIimPC fitP vriucu ntvov nsmo bvo« vu — — primacy of the Church in Aus-ralia. we congratulate Sur lordship on the prospect of occupying a field of Dour so full of hope and promise, so fruitful in op- port -.mi ties of service ; and we trnsfc that in any seasons of difficulty or discouragement, should they arise, you may be strengthened by the voice from Heaven — " Have not I commanded thee 7 Be strong and of good courage." Although strangers to yon hitherto, we hope that 1 we may not seem intrusive If we allude to fee heavy domestic- trial through which you have recently passed. We assure you of our sincere sympathy and «f our prayers that the loneliness of your path may he cheered at all times by fee abiding presence of the Holy Ghost the Comforter. In conclusion, we would offer to you, as destined to fill the high position of primate, our respectful homage, and would exj ress our hearty readiness to ®o-operate with on. to tbe best of our power, in your efforts to maintain and extend the church of our Lord Jesus Christ in these lands. We remain your lordship's faithful servants, F. P. MELBOURNE. For and on behalf of the clergy and laity. Dr. Smith, in reply, wished to give them his most hearty thanks for the encouraging wel come which they had extended to him on his way to Sydney. He had already received one address of welcome in Adelaide, and it was very gratifying to find the same kindly feeling ex- tended here. When his wife had died he had received a telegram of condolence from Sydney, and had been deeply touched with the sym pathy and the prayers which the people of Sydney had given him. The proceedings, which were of a very- pleasant character, terminated at half-past 5. On the 26th ult. a special service to welcome the new Primate was held in Christ Church, South Yaxra, when there was a large attendance. The first portion of the service was conducted by the Rev. H. F. Tucker, vicar of Christ Church. The lessons were read by Canon Sarjeant (of Williamstown) and the Rev. E. H. Wollaston fof Holy Trinity Church, East Melbourne). The latter portion of the prayers were sung by the Rev. J. Auchinnach Ross, of St. Martin's, South Yarra. Bishop Goe offered up a special thanksgiving for the safe journey of Dr. Smith from England, and a prayer for fee blessing of his work in Australia. The anthem sung by fee choir was, " I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of fee Lord," by Goes. Dr. Smith said he was not there to preach a thoughtful sermon, but to rejoice in the oppor tunity afforded him to say a few wcrds in fee passing visit through Melbourne, on the occa sion of his coming into the high office, fee duties of which they had just prayed feat he might have grace to fulfil. He thanked them for the welcome they had given him, and thanked them for joining in the thanksgiving service for his deliverance from the perils of the deep, and for a prosperous voyage up to the time, and for fee prayer they had just offered for his strength and help. In the few words he desired to say, he would only touch briefly upon one topic, which might always be dwelt upon, and which might perhaps come specially home to them at a time like "the present. He referred to that godly union which they had just prayed for in the special prayer offered up by Bishop Goe, and that union was free from all discord and strife. He would try to Taise his thoughts and their own above the difficulties of earthly politics and perplexities of social trouble to fee true union which came from God, and which they might have from God and fee Holy Spirit. There was a word of fee Apostle Paul, in his epistle to the Colossians, in the eleventh verse of the 4th chanter, and he felt it was being fulfilled to him that day, ' Those only are my fellow workers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me.® The Apostlesaid in another sentence, which he (Dr. Smith) could not say, ' these only," mentioning five fellow workers. They had by what some of them harl done and shown feat day shown themselves fellow-workers unto fee kingdom of God, and had been a comfort unto him, and he trusted it would be so wherever he went in this land. Let him addtto those words of St. Paul on godly anion another word by the same apostle. In the epistle to the Romans he greeted certain helpers, and called them his helpers in Christ Jesus — " Fellow- workers unto fee kingdom of God, helpers in Christ Jesus, which are a com fort." There was the union, that godly anion, which feey might well seekfor. and pray for, and strive to attain unto. It was a union for no slavish or limited purpose, and it did not hinder, but helped, and had a spiritual end unto fee kingdom of God. Then, surely, they had fee widest, deepest, and highest ideas re presented to them, embracing co-operation and federation — co-operation working in and federation binding together in fee bond of unity, in spite of many -diversities of circumstances, and that godly union, co-operation, and federa tion was a onion which came from God in Christ Jesus. It was a union which Christianity Was meant to bring about in the world. From God the Father came the union which belonged to the family of God, and in Christ Jesus caine the union, by which they were made mem bers of Him, or members one of another, and by feat union thoughts of fee Holy Ghost were brought more into our lives, and brought to their thoughts the words " that God fee Holy Bpjrit might in all things direct and rule their hearts." Christianity was a unifying and harmonising truth of God, Jesus Christ being emit into the world to put away all discord and differences, and to reconcile all things unto ffimBelf. There was fee wondrous idea which !» often came before them in the teaching of God, that the kingdom of God was already amongst them, already in feem, ana was developing midst all perplexities, difficulties, and corruptions, until it should be a universally accomplished and , universally acknowledged fact. He asked them to be wife Him and with one another in all fee circumstances of their life — in their . business Ss well as in all the developments of their reli gions and spiritual life. Let feem be " fellow- helpers unto fee kingdom of God." Let their aim be to help one another in Christ Jesus, to help forward — and he said it wife all reverence — Gto Ve purpose in the world Might God the Holv Soirit helo feem to be fellow workers unto the kingdom of God, and bring feem to fee per fection. of feat kingdom through His Son Jesus Christ. 