'DM OF THE DAEKSISS,' — » - . 1 , " A STORY OF A DOG AND A- GHOST. 'George ! I believe in ghosts, and I've lost my dog.' . This was the remark with which Paul Western greeted me, and however, much I might nave felt inclined to ridicule such a double-barrelled announcement, I was re strained "by the genuine distress visible in my friend's manner. The night was cold and Btormy, and I was sitting alone in my chambers in Gray's Inn, getting up a theatrical brief, wben Western walked in and made foe above statement. I at once pushed papers and programmes aside, wheeled him an easy chair round, and bade him unburden his mind. 4 You -know Gipsey. 4 Why, of course I do, Paul.' You know how much I cared for that dog; you know what a fund of humour, right down doggish humour, he hid beneath that black #nd white coat of his ; and -as for fighting, for downright regular milling with the gloves off, why ! the fox terrier hadn't his match this side of Whit week. The way he'd go and lean his neck up against another, deg's — which was his way of invitation to a scrimmage — was per fectly human and lovely. And then foe ways he had with him. 44 No dog," said he to him- ' self, 44 crosses my master's threshold." It's j true he permitted no dog to enter my studio ; it . was a wkward at times, I admit. Early this year, I when 1 was in Gromer, I took him "with me, certainly. Well, he got to look upon foe hotel ; where I stayed as belonging to ME—as a new . kind of extended studio, in fact; maybe he thought there were rather more visitors than usual; but the other dogs — it was; tremendous. You know, other people had dogs coming with them, naturally enough, and, ; moreover, there was one lived in foe ' house. Of course, it was shameful to go for that one dog, but he did. I fotek they com- . promised the matter afterwards. It was a big . brown retriever, called Bosco, and if used to ' fling Gipsey round the roam like an old slipper. .But, bless yon, he liked it— he used to fasten himself ou the retriever® -ear like an ear-ring, which grew mighty awkward for Bosco. How- ., ever, foey compromised. No doubt Bosco ex plained that be had. lived there for tome years.; ; but, foe other dogs, George — it was awful! Often I had to leave lunch hurriedly, owing to"!( a frightful racket in'foe hall. - 1 afwayshnew" what it wis. X always found a couple of '1 waiters, - foe bbotboy, and an interested"; stranger trying to separate a couple of aero- 3 baltic dogs, and one of the performers was : invariably -Gipsey. The worst of it was I! never could persuade anybody it was nil humour on has part — jest sheer good amnm l spirits, born of much exercise in racing over sandy fiats and inhaling too much ozone ' Now, look here, Paul. I thought you said when ' Wait a minute, I must tell you this. You know IVe just returnel from "Flanders. I couldn't well take Gipsey there, though I know he'd have given foe rest of his tail to have worried a poodle. Another thing, he never hit a dog less than himself ; he'd hurry them into foe gutter, maybe, and leave them there, but he never fought them. No, he always preferred r>ne the size of a haystack, something that he could leap at 4 Now, Paul, just pull up. You said whenyou came fo&tyou; believed in ghosts, and I imagined I was going to heat some conclusive reason or other. His manner changed a little us he said, 4 1 Wfli teffl. you now. Western relit his pipe, took a few preliminary whiffs, and began. A fortnight ago I was at Bruges. Before i starting I had left Gipsey at my uncle's house ! in Regent's Park, and it seemed that during my < absenoe the dog had been in the haMt of visiting ; Hempstead onoe a week, where he Bpent most -of foe day eitting on foe doorstep of my shut -up studio; he always turned up again at night a little dejected tod very hungry. The night before I returned from Bruges, so my uacletold ; tne afterwards, foe dog had escaped from foe : stable-yard and presumably gone on his usual detective errand to &e; studio. This time 3m did not come back. A week went by, but Gipsey never returned. I visited foe surrounding = police-stations, and paid a couple of visits to the Dogs' Home at Battersea, but no Gipsey -ever greeted me ; lost, stolen, or killed, I gave him up. 1 1 Bate one dark night, as I was entering my door, something brushed hurriedly pan;, ant then turned on me — a strange gaunt dog, that : I at onoe Mcbedoutof foe place and dosed the door upon— foen lheard a whine. George, I searcelv like to think of it now, but £ knew at i once who it was so madly scratching to get in, and when l opened the door, in bounded the gaunt dog again, poor old Gipseyyas thin as a paper and as black as a broom, but so glad to ; see me and so forgiving of those ruthless kicks, : thathe did net know how to testify his joy for ; the next two hours. He concluded no doubt i that it was entirely owing to him that I was j found: you understand I don't for one instant suppose he ever dreamed that he had been lost ; ; no, it was I who had been lo;-t, and he had been ' working hard to unearth me— I suppose dogs do reason — 4 1 say, Western, you distinctly said you had a ghost story, and here you are winding on ineffably about this dog.'" All right, I'm making for the end. I only wanted to explain foe intimate relationship between my dog end me.' 4 Never mind the intimacv ou told ma you'd lost your dog, now you've found it again ; so lay the dog aside and call up the ; ghost.' . s It's true,1 replied my friend, gravely, 4 and it happened yesterday. We went to my uncle's - that night, where I am staying at present. The : room I generally occupied was being cleaned, so they put me in the Stafford room, so called i because there'is a picture there of Lord Staf- . ford, painted by v andyck — a big picture, life size. Well, I could not get Gipsey to leave me ; — fancied I'd get lost again. He was putin foe stable with the other dogs, but somehow got out again, and came whining and scratching : outside foe diningroom windows, late last night. Let him stay in your room to-night.' ; said my aunt. X assented of course, and Gipsey, just as pleased as Punch, came flying upstairs like a butterfly. He lay down on the . Tug by foe fire, and narrowly watched me till I ; climbed into bed, then he Stretched himself with i a contented smile, basked in foe blaze, so to - speak, and closed his eyes. ; 4 1 think I must have slept for some lime, for when I awoke, as I did with a strange sudden- ; ness, I found the fire long gone out and foe room in-total darkness. I heard the hall clonk - chi|ne and then strike three. Somehow I did; 'not fed at all Bleepy ; there was a watery- moon struggling through drifting clouds, ! sometimes making things dimly visible, some-: times plunging all in murky blackness. ' At the \ foot of the bed was fots/grekt picture of Tan- ; dyck's. In a few minutes I became conscious that there was a tiny light gleaming on the" canvas — some high light -on foe armour, I; imagined; and I thought : 4 Well, if that' fellow Tandy ck could pamt his high lights like i that, there was not much chance for modern < men to ever heat Mm.1 Then all at ' once the ! moon was hidden behind a blacker veil than : usual and the room became quite dork. I then experienced a most unpleasant sensation. ; : The light in. the picture had not moved. At : the same time my hand, which lay outside the : coveriet, was touched by something clammy ; : and cold. For one brief second I was horror-struck, < and then — what do you think ? — well, I knew what it was—foe dog's nose !' x I say, Paul, -excuse me interrupting yon. but I want to ask if — — ' But my friend ' waved aside foe mterruptiofn, and confoaued : > 4 Patting my hand outeide foe coverlet again, ; I found (Bpsey with las forepaws resting ou foe bed and trembling violently. I patted him and soothed him, hut how can l explain to you that I had an instictive feeling foat there was something in foe room besides our two selves, an unseen presence by foe great picture— yon know it was quite laose to me just at foe foot .of foe bed— and there as I gazed was foe Strange little light grown brighter, actually fluttering into a blue plume of flame ; end as I still looked It grew longer and lighter, and I give you my word of honour, George, foat there was , a hand holding it — a long delicate hand, foe arm of which seemed meggedin foe darkness of the painting. I stared in a fascinated way, waiting, I sup pose, for what might happen next ; all fois lime I had my hand on foe dog's collar, then I attempted to lift him on to foe bed,' and imrimidyeaough found I could not; strangest of all the animal seemed to beumkmg strenuous efforts to get nearer to me. It was horrible to think I was contending with some force foat chained Gipsey to the floor; anyway, I was obliged to desist, and when X took my hand away it seemed as if he slunk under foe bed, though it sounded asif he was running round foe room — so much so foat at last I angrily calledbut 'lie down,' after which he was quiet. i 'Then I saw the hand was fading, foe light grew gradually less till nothing was left, and the grey blackness filled foe room again. Bora whole hour I lay speculating on foat mysterious light, half believing, half in doubt, till I fell asleep again ; tor when I awoke foe sun was shining brightly and foe servant knocking at foe door. I got up at once intending to send foe dog down. X called and whistled, when there — oh, George — all lying huddled up in foe farthest corner of the room lay my poor dog dead— dead, and stiff and staring, with a hor rified look in his faithf ai eyes, and his tongue black and bitten through. 4 The coachman came upstairs and bathed Gipsey with warm water, but what was foe "use ? My Uncle Stewart -came, and after breakfast I told him my strange experience of foe night. He went rather pale, I thought, and finally asked me not to tell his wife, as he said th«m was mma idle leuend in the Stuart family, and it might upset her. He has had th« picture taken down and the room searched and locked up. 4 That is my story of foe ghost and the dog, and it all happened yesterday. As we two men sat therewith meditative pip$s, watching the firelight .flicker among < the castles in the coals, I suddenly bethought mis sof a book I had. Some thing in «JPaulfe story had struck a chord of remembrance, and going to. my library shelf I searched and found the book. It was a rare old work, one that I highly prized : foe - title-page bore foe date, 164$, with foe name : - 4 The Papistry Disproyal in the Beign of King Charles I. By Piers Geston. Imprinted at the Blew Bell.' ' "Turning over several pages, I at ; last found what X wanted. 4 Paul, I exclaimed, claiming his attention < from a reverie, 4 just listen iquietly to this ; it's very strange, to say the least of it.' Then prefacing :my extract with a tow explanatory j remarks, I read the following : — 4 The King foat night lay at Oxford with his , courtiers about him, his bodyguard and pages . in the ante chamber, when toward foe middle of the night there came a furious ringing and a-calling, which awoke his secretary, Mr. Ash- . hundisttti, anda page, who forthwith cast them selves into thB chamber. Charles, girt with i every abearance of Terror, . dexnanded -of: them why foey had let any Person pass into his ; room, at which they were much astonished and denyed -calling upon foe C3ajain of the : Wateh and -the Soldiers, who in like manner swaa® no body had passed them. Alterward foe ijSiing confided to Sir John Burgioine he had sroen foe figure of Lord Strafford enter the room in armour such as he ; wore and steetch to him his ungloved hand, ; and say, 44 1 know how to look Death in the r face, be ye ready too," whereat foe king was much disturbed, for no great time had gone by since Strafford was executed at Tower Hill on 12th May, 1641. In the morning before foey took home for York it was found in the Sing's room a dead dog lay which was considered an : omen. by«ome.' When 1 had finished reading, Western asked to see foe -book, and perused the tale himself. 4 That, he said, decisively, mnst he foe germ : tof foe 44 idle legend" my uncle alluded to; I never heard of it before.' 4 Well, do you think there is anything in it ?' 4 W hat can I say ? Are fosse not strange in stincts, strange presentiments and warnings in ; this world of onrsto those foat heed them- Is it not a strange coincidence that my cousin Charlie' Stuart gave me foat dead dog before he joined his regiment in India ? Now I ' understand my uncle's uneasiness lest I should have told the story to foe mother who idolises him. Do yon remember reading in one of the London papers some few years ago, when the question of ghostiv warnings was mooted, the story of a Scotch family to whom a black dog always appeared when death threatened a member of the family, or foe more famous legend of the 44 drummer's tattoo," and how a lady, a stranger newly arrived at the castle, , mentioned to foe hostess at dinner foe strange music ehe had heard playing beneath her window as foe dressed, foe consternation of those guests foat knew foe family legend, foe Bwooningof foe hostess, and the tidings of a son's -death in a foreign land ? I believe there are warnings to those that heed them, in how ever strange a guise foey may be brought to us,' and then Paul YT estern got up, and after lighting his enormous pipe, sallied out into foe night, and I was left alone in my chambers, round which of a night foe rats raced, and. the faces of deadmen looked at me from foe walls, for I could not all at once divest myself of foe story I had. heard when my eyes foil on foe pictured portraits with which my room was filled. , C. LnxzE. 