,J TEttoRApmc commun'cation with Brisbane is 'still interrupted. Communication with the north ind-weBt ol Queensland is obtained via Bourke and Tambo, but progress is very slow owing to tho con- tinued bad weather. > ; , OWINO to the heavy rains and flooded state of ' the rivers, &c;, the whole of the mail services on ' the North and West, and on the South coast, are ' moro or lesi deranged, and mails from someof the branch lines have not arrived' at Sydney since tho 15th instant They aro being carefully watched, -however, and every possible step taken to get mails through. ' The outward mails- for Casino and Lis ' 'more were detained on Monday on account of the 'flooded state of the roads; and sent by the s.s. rWyrallah the same evening, but as that steamer i was obliged to return to port the mails are still in ? Sydney. Steamers for the Clarence and Eichmond ; Eivers did not leave Sydney on- Saturday last nor I.since, but mails were forwarded . for Grafton and ; South Grafton, -via Glen . Innes, on Monday last, 1 together with letter bags for places on the Clarence 'River, Casino and Lismore mails were sent via Tenterfield yesterday, with the exception of the ; bulk of papers kept for despatch by steamer, as very heavy mails could not be conveyed through the flooded country. '? AT a'meeting of the Executive Council, held yesterday, over -which his Excellency Lord Carrington presided, there being a full atten- dance, the case of Willoughby Andrew, con ?demned to death for the murder, by shoot 'ing, of 'J. H. Bartlett/ in King-street, was «gain considered. On the reports of Dr. Manning, the. Inspector of Insane, and Dr. IV Connor, the iTisitine surgeon at Darlinghurst Gaol, Jhe^pouneil .arrived at the conclusion that the capital sentence 'shouldnot be carried into, effect; They therefore commuted the death sentence" to imprisonment for 'ute.: . : At yesterday'9 meeting of the Executive Council a number of publio holidays, to bo observed in various parts of the colony, were sanctioned. Lt connection with the prevailing floods the Government have forwarded boats to Bourke (per Brewarrina)' -to Narrabri, and to Denman River for Muswellbrook. Belief -has also been . sent to Grafton,' aud the police magistrate at Lismore has been authorised to issue rations to the flooded-out ¡residente. CosrsrtraicATioss have been sent by .Sir Henry .Parkes to the Premiers of Victoria and South /Australia on the River Murray question.' Probably ; the steps it is proposed to take in this colony will be made known before many days have elapsed, i Ii^was notified yesterday that the Secretary for ¡Hines and Agriculture had decided not to entertain say of the applications made for the . position of inipectors of metallie mines-^one for Broken Hill jandi the other for the remaining' portion of the colony. 'In order, to give miners in the country districts as.fair a ohanco as possible in the com- petition, Mr. Sydney Smith has decided that all candidates from! the country ? who competé for tho positions when applications are again invited, shall be allowed, on condition that they pass a creditable examination, free' passes from their homes to ' Sydney and back. ./(TOWARDS the end of this month Sir. Henry Parkes and Mr. Sydney Smith, the Secretary for (Mines and Agriculture, intend to visit Broken Hill'and the surrounding district With the view 'of insuring rest before the opening of the forth- coming Parliamentary Session, Sir Henry will travel by sea to Adelaide, and in a similar manner ¡Ntnrn from that port to Sydney. ; : IT has been represented to the Minister for Jus ?floe that the refreshment rooms at Bathurst railway station-ar» being used by townspeople for obtaining .xciseuble liquors during illegal hour's. Hr.°cA. J. .Gouldhas called''for an "official, report on which .he: will take necessary action. ' . WE understand that the proposal to establish a Harbour Trust at the Port of Newca«tle has lately toen engaging the attention ,of the Government, :Wd further that it has been decided to introduce a bill for this purpose, during the next session of . 'Parliament .^ciEXEii weather continuing, Mr., A. J. the. Minister,for Justice, has postponed his 'Popoied visit to' Bathurst, as previous!? arranged, until Thursday of next week, While >.»t .the Western city, Mr. Gould will officially inspect the gaol, and before returnintr to Sydney ho will be requested to sttend a non-political banquet. YESTERDAV morning a deputation from . the Aborigines' Protection. Society waited on Mr, Brunker^ thc M-nister for Lands, and requested that additional facilities bo given for the benefit of the Cumerooguhya and Wurrangesda'mission stations. The deputation was introduced by Mr. Cullen, M.L.A, and through him and Mr. Ardill the Minister,was asked to increase the grant of land by two acres near the Ulunga station, so 03 to include the sites on which tho mission cottages stpod.'and" at. the same time" give access ; to ".the waters of. the River Murray. They also applied for an additional grant of 240 acres- of- land, the con- tention being that tho greater portion' of ' the 'area at present. under tba control of the society was swampy and unproductive. " If 240 -acres of additional-good land could'bo obtained tho stations could- be-made self- supporting. -Mr.. Brunker promised that he would do hil in;'his power to assist the work of tho mission, andi with that end in v:ew, he would obtain reports-upon"tho suggested J proposals." !! . !" . !!! ' '" .: DÉFOTATIO.VS arranged for to-day arp as follows: -Minister for Lands, at! ll)!', from the Roman Catholic community at Corambon?,'regarding site for d church. , Minister for Works,! at . ll. from Enfield, re obstructions in- Cooks River; at 11.80, from Rockdale,' as to droi' ago bf ' PatmireV Swamp and Deorboro Pork; ot!, noon, regarding road, Wyong Station, to Bumble's Hill; and at 12.30, in connection; with works affecting the'. Bogan elec- torate. . ; ME. Hean TAILOR, M.L.A.,. presented to the Commissioners for RailwavB yesterday a petition on behalf of the widow and seven children of the unfortunate man John Cranny) who was killed at Auburn last week by a girder .ïallKig upon him. Cranny was employed in the Railway Department for about 35 years, and he bore a good, character. Mr.; Taylor urged tho prayer of . the.petition in the interests of tho widow and children;'who by the ' loss of .the husband and father are left quite desti- tute. . Mn.. J. ! FLETCHER, M.L.A,! introduced to the Postmaster-General on Tuesdav a deputation con- sisting of tho,. Mayor (Mr.! & Godfrey) and alder- man of Rockdale, who asked that the Postmaster General would take early step3 to secure a site for a post and! telegraph office there.. They represented that land is - now cheap, but that the suburb ia growing so rapidly that unless a suitable piece of land -is soon secured in a central position the Government may have to ' resume' land at a high price. Mr. O'Connor Faid.that, assnming as he did that all the speakers had said was correct they had mado out a good case. He know, the suburb of Rockdale was a thriving one, and promised to lose no time in' sending out an inspector to report on tho matter, with a view to affording residents all tho facilities practicable. . On Tuesday Mr. Michael Chapman, M.L.A., in- troduced a deputation to the Postmaster-General, consisting of Messrs. W. Pritchard, S. G. Davison, and other leading residents of Annandale, who pointed out that they laboured under disabilities owing to the want of a post and telegraph office in that part of the Glebe electorate. From the nearest post office to the centre of the locality they repre- sented was about three-quarters of a mile. It was suggested that the corner of Collins and Johnstone streets would be a good place for an office. Mr. O'Connor said that he know the place and the growth it had made. It had outgrown its facilities, and the deputation seemed to have made out a reason- able case for more. He would at once get a report from, an officer of the Department, and do what he could to remedy their disabilities. Ix answer to representations made to the Minis- ter ; for Publio Works by 'Messrs: "F.'Farnell, J. Nob'is, R. A. Ritchie, and D. Dale, M3.L.A., re- garding tbe dangerous condition of the road from Westmead to- Dural, Mr. Bruce Smith has pointed out that it would .be impo- litic to incur the large expenditure neces- sary to. metal the road in question in view of. tb.e: proposal before the Government for' the construction of a: railway, which waa'receiving every consideration at the hands of .the department It ÍB intended, the Minister -further : points out, to send tbe publio works examiners to report upon the matter within the next few .weeks, and the decision of- the. Cabinet will be obtained as soon as. their .report shall have been received,1 The saggestioh was under ? consideration as to whether a tramway would'not most tho requirements 'of the district;, and ' the acting Engineer-in;Chibf for Railways bas a report on .the subject now. in preparation. Mr. Bruce Smith is well aware of the claims of the district to the consideration, pf the Government, and no time will be lost in coming to a determination thereon. ' In regard to the pro- posed railway, the Minister suggests that probably tho receipt .of this decision by letter, will obvate the necessity of - his receiving a deputation en the subject .' v : MESSRS.'. EDDÏ ASB OUTER, tho Railway Com- missioners, who are now on a visit of inspection along the northern line, were on Tuesday night informed by telegraph of the lamentable fatal accident which occurred near Mount Victoria that evening, and' which resulted in the death of the late engine-driver, David Heron. The Commis- sioners immediately wired a reply of sympathy to be forwarded to the deceased's widow and family. THE Railway Commissioners, anxious to study the convenience of the travelHog public in small as well as in large matters are seeking to ossist suburban residents, by preparing for gratuitous distribution at the various leading sta- tions on the suburban lines, a nnmber of local time- tables (one . for each, station), printed by means,of photo-lithography on small white, cards, which can be carried in the waistcoat-pocket. They are neat in appearance, the figures being perfectly legible, and will be found sufficiently useful for all requirements. THE action Nichols v. the Anglo-Australian In- vestment Land and. Finance Company, whioh is brought to settle the ownership-of about 80 acres of land, situated at Willoughby,; North Shore, was commenced in the No. 8 Jury Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Foster and a jury of four. It waaimeritibnod in tho presentation that the title to about 900 acres in tho same district is involved in the result, and as some hundreds of acres are I already built upon, the sum at stake is said to be between £2,000,000 and £8,000,000, though no definite evidence upon the point was elicited. The ' original deed of grant or what is alleged to bë such,, from which the plaintiff, Francis Stephen Nichols, traces his title, .is dated December, 1805, and was made' to haac Nichols, 'and the defendant company, it is said, claim by documentary os well as possessory title. When tho grant of-Í805 was tendered yesterday, its admission was opposed on the ground that there wa9 no evidence that it was a grant at all, and it was also contended that even if it was there was nothing on the face of it to indicate the locality of the land in dispute, or whether it was -included in the grant. - His Honor, however, ad- mitted the dooument for what it was worth, and gave no miine as to its legal effect. Other docu- ments were then put in, including a conveyance by John Joseph Nichols, grandson pf Isaac Nichols, to his cousin, Francis Stephen Nichols, and after some evidence had been taken the case was ad- journed till this morning, -.IK.the No. 2 Jury Court the action .Jennings and Others v. The Agricultural Society was con- tinued, and the evidence was closed,' Counsel will address the'jury this morning. "His Honor Mr. Justice Foster sat in Chambers for about, an . hour, but .the only matter of interest . was an application by defendant in Deamazuroa v. Des Comiera to set aaide a writ of ca. re. The writ bad been issued on the ground that the defendant' was about to -leave the colony for'France, but this was denied by the ? defendant who Btated in his affidavit that he was about to commence business in Sydney. . The, appli- cation was, however, ref used.. - . IN the case of Regina v. Charles Dempsey, in which the. latter was oharged with aa-ault and in- tent to rob, and on which > sitting -'of tbe Forbes- petty ' sessions could not agree, - the Attorney-General ha»: declined to take furtheï action agsinst-the accùeeib '.'; .MB.'HEXET GEOKOE deliwed a lecHü-e in'the Protestant Hall last night on " The Unemployed.": There was a large attendance, and Mr. Frank Cotton' presided. On the platform were a number of members of the Single-tax League. Mr. George spoke for about two hours, and was well received, being cheered at intervals. The proceeds are to be devoted to aid the men now out of employment. Is response to the' request of Mr.;'E. J. Oliver, Í chairman of the Working Men's¡Unemployed Com- mittee, Mr. Henry George' has- jtenerously devoted the proceedsof last night's lecture to the cause'of the , uni'mployed. The committee ," has recurved replies from various employers of labour expressing sympathy 'with the deserving unemployed, but so far offering no employment1 A donation of £5 has been received from Mr. Julian Solomons, Q.C.,' who offers the committee £100. if , 40 others, con? tribute £10 each. Tho feceipts to date, exclusive of the proceeds of Mr. George's lecture, amount to £11 'ls ld. Efforts are being made to establish a Freo Labour Bureau as speedily as. possible, aud letters ; are' beingx despatched to all tho principal employers of labour in the. colony with a view to obtaining work.. , ..; . ' WE are informed that in '.'reply to tho challenge' recently, issued to Mr. Henry .George to , debate single taxism with an accredited representative of the Socialist League, Mr. Ar G. Yewen,'who was to have maintained that tho single tax cannot abolish poverty, tho authorities of tho' Henry Georgo Cam- paign executive have stated that under the ariange ments already made there will. be, no opportunity of Mr. Henry George meeting a ' representative of Socialism in debate at present ' . .' ? A PLEASANT meeting ' was held ' in the long room of the Custom House Hotel on Tuesday evening, when Mr. J. P. M'Guanne was entertained by a large number of his fellow-clerks in order to express their good wishes for his success in the position to which ho has recently been ap- pointed!. Mr. Penny occupied the chair, and, on behalf of th .se present, begged Mr. M'Guanne to accept their best wishes in hts new sphere of duty, and to bolieve that his severance, from the old branch was much regretted. . Mr. M'Guanne responded, and proposed the health of the condi- tional sales branch,' which he was leaving. Messrs. Harpur, Way, O'Brien, and Bich repre- senting the sub- branches, responded to the toast THE following publio holidays'were proclaimed in a supplement to the Government Gazette, issued yesterday:-District bf Forbes, Tuesday, the 18th instant ; District of Carcoar, Thursday, tho 20th i Db taut ; ' Distriot of Maitland, Tnursday, the 1st May nest ; Districts of Cowra, Carcoar, and Blay- ney, "Wednesday, the 20th instant; Districts of Urana, Broken Hill, Albury, Forbes, Bathurst, Balranald, Moulamein, Wogga Wagga, Corowa, Mulwala, Tocumwal, and Cowra, Monday, the 17th instant. The publio holiday .for tho districts of Camden, Picton, and Campbelltown, originally pro c airned for tho 13tb instant, has been altered to the 20th instant. The holiday for the district, of Tenterfield is altered from the 18th to the 21st instant : and the holiday for the district of Deniliquin is altered from the 14th " to the 17th instant. , A MINES named John Ralph; while working ' at tho Junction mine, Broken Hill,. on January 22 last, was killed. On the last day of the .same month on official inquiry into the cause of death was held before "Mr. W. ti. Gibson,' J.P., whose decision 'was that . no . one . was blameablo for the accident, and that there- fore an inquiry was not necessary. Tne secretary for the Amalgamated Miner's Association, however, communicated with tho Minister for Justice on the subject, and Mr. Gould made further official, investigation which led him to the conclusion that Mr. Gideon had arrived at a correct decision. The secretary of the association, however, hos sent a second communication to the Minister, on tbe strength of which Mr. Gould has asked to be furnished with a full official report of the case. v THE sittings of the Presbyterian General Assembly of New South Wales were continued in St. Stephen's, Phillip-street, yesterday, the Mode- rator presiding. Mr. Riddell's motion re the single tax was, after being ruted in order, oh the motion of the clerk, shelve! for the following business the, reports of the Church and Manse Loan Fund, on Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund, of applications to be ' received on that fund, and. on Presbytery records. The report on Psalmody was brought up by the Rev. W. M. Dill Mucky, and his narration of his efforts to revive tho Psalmody Association provoked roars of laughter. The reports on SustentationFund; on Majority Fund, on statistics, and on the Widows' and Orphans' Afsooiation wore received and adopted. The Assembly adjourned at 10 o'clock. ABOUT 60 members of tho Presbyterian Assembly sat down to an excellent luncheon at Baum ann's Café, Pitt-street, yesterday. Tho Moderator ' was at the head of the table, and was supported on. either side by prominent members. No speeches were made. . A CORRESPONDENT, writing from Blackwattle Bar, protests against the manner in which the authorities are filling upa portion of that branch of the harbour. Ho states that for some time past a number of carts have been tipping city ref ase'in the bay, creating an objectionable smell" DICKENS' story of "Marley's Ghost,!' illus- trated from life models, will be delivered to-night at the School of Arts by Miss Lucy Pinkstone. 