RUMOURS OF THE STRIKE. Wea Cadmus or Jason more astonished with the results of his sowing than are those nineteenth century heroes who ducked the two elevens in the horse trough a Hang- ing about on the kerbs and corners they see the harvest passing into the Town hall. By twos and three and tens and twenties, up the steps and into the Mayor's rooms, together round about the table and take the oath which muLis them soldiers of law and order, and Scorn champions against all outrage of that sort while occasion lasts A good) crop surely aid formidable even in the eyes of the sowers the duties of the mayor in connection with that aw eating more mixed as arduous, eg, at the busiest time of Saturday, it was neces sary to conduct the business with all expedition and courtesy, and at the same time to welcome a distinguished visitor Thus the two scenes went on in the outer room the officer calls the names of those willing, and man by man they come in and place their hands on the book in the inner room the mayor stands CJIISB in hand, and his guests listen to his words "It always affords us pleasure to welcome visitors, and on this -" the orderly appears " Another hatch read), ) our worship ' His worship apologises, but must needs go out and administer the catch He return and resumes his glass and remarks "As I was saying on this occasion, associated as it is with so much that is worthy of -?' The orderly again. Another apology) and another oath foot of the profane sort), and a second return to the parlour. There were four intervals in all before the glasses were emptied, and, even in the act, the summons came once more, and very nearly caused municipal hiccups by us interference with the passing of the draught Is there anything of the all combining touch of nature about the rush for enlist- ment in the "specials" army? in this way, perhaps, a very demure and self careful old Yankee was talking one day, and the expression, "When I was at the war,' came in "What, were you also at the war?" "Guess, yes.' "One would never have thought it you seem so much like a man of peace from your youth upward Were you compelled to go' Did you all go'" "Not exactly so, murder A man with dollars could always buy off, and 1 mine like the war any better than four unemployed like coal-bearing, but, do you see, I was young then, and though I kept out the first and the second Leura, I thought it better to be shot in the third than to stay home and take the chaff our galB gave me " In the matter of the darkness, w J itch is not all dispelled by the most opportune moonlight, there is humour, doubtless, though mixed with inconvenience, which grades often enough into misery The roysterers, returning in the " wee sum' hours, ' find the narrow back ways strangely unfamiliar The lamps mind used to stand in the corners are darkened, and one little lane is exactly like another They are cruelly be laid in unsavoury) purlieus, and "hoarse and ragged peal of cock crow " startles them like a trump of doom as they feel feebly about a door handle which may or may not be right And then when a man gets in side how the deuce is he going to remember all about the strike ' And why doesn't somebody tell him, before he lights half a dozen matches and burns his fingers so many times in attempts to get a light in the customary place I There are folks who think we should have light, and amusement too if the Gas Company would call for volunteers as well as workmen. For, say they, it is a right good and worthy cause to keep our city aglow. Get a few hundred dungaree frocks and jackets out there, make every competent man an instructor, and let every one who is willing go in and do an hour. ' Not four; that four hour- shift is kuhne:. Hundreds of men could stand one hour who would collapse utterly in two and many a man could do tire who would be killed by four. "What are you going to do to-night?" "Oh, let's go and give the gasworks a turn." Is it possible? If so, the city might yet be saved. And if volunteers could keep, chose retorts going, couldn't they man and run a couple of steamers between Melbourne and Newcastle or fall The man who stakes his head has a poor notion of the pluck and stamina of his fellows. It humour exist here, it is of a very grim sort. It is the inner fringe of Flinders-street lying opposite the wharves. It is never exactly re Kalizoic locality, though in normal times In sic and busy enough. But, now I For pity's sake what is this V This is an unemployed, and drunk. A confirmed loafer, with whose protruding toes and nerve- less knees, and stooped shoulders, and threadbare greasy back, end unwashed face, the seat of settled melancholy, we are very familiar. But he has come down to the scene of strife, and the warriors apparently have welcomed him as a brother-in-arras-at least they have filled him with liquor, and look at him now. He will never be merry again. Merri- ment and industry died outwit him together, but the liquor hits warmed a something within him. His watery eyes gleam, and the wrinkles about his chaps seem trying to get themselves into a smile. His knees wobble ; lie mumps and mumbles incoherently. He is like a drunken ghost, who, wandering in a Churchyard, had found a sexton's bottle. There is another whom the basalt WHIT of a six-story building seems with difficulty to sustain. A lean, pitiful, shrunken wretch, Bhuvcrt a fortnight ago, in gaol probably. A round greasy cap on his forehead, and on his right eyebrow a cut. Somebody Ima hit him, or he has fallen on the pavement. Look in there, or there, or there. They are all hours, and all alike filled with an unwashed blustering crowd, each clutching or craving after his pint pot, and curable: the tyranny of freedom, or Bulging to the glories of the good time coming when there shall be even more beer and less work. The man who sells slops and stores of all sorts looks pensive perhaps end. His shop is empty, but his head, if its contents are indicated by the expression of his face, is full of a great puzzle. It is not the loss of trade, that will come back again, but "I can't understand it," he says ; " can't understand it at all." What is it? "Why the less they works the more they wants to drink. It's always been so, an' I've been in business here for thirty year." Another man of undoubted veracity says that between the Custom-house and Spencer street he counted 14 black eyes. But that is not altogether a matter for regret, since if they have energy of this sort to spare they may just as well expend it among them selves. 