»hen I recovered cootciousneM 1 found St Svhd btodiug orwioe. “ What it the matterT inquired, when I found that I was Ijing on the Boor “ I think tou matt havo fainted.” “ Fainted . I never did such a thing in my life. It must have been a curious kind of faint. [ think.” “ It was a curious kind of faint.” With his assistance I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered. I glanced round. There aero the chessmen dill upon the board, tbs banging lamp above. I tried to speak. I teemed to have lost the use of mv tongue. In silence he helped me to the door.' He half led, half earned me—for I seemed te bare lost the use of my feet aa well as that of my tongue—to my bedroom. He even assisted me to undress, sever leaving mo till I was between tbo sheets. AU the time not a. word was spoken. When he went I believe he took the key outside and ocktd the dcor. That was a night ot diearns. I know net if 1 raa awake or sleeping, but all sorts of strange hinga presented themselves to my meutnl eye. [ could not shat them from iny sight. One igurtrwas prominent in dll I saw—the figure of iman. I knew, or thought I knew, that'it raa M. Funiehon. He was a lean old man, nd what I noticed chiefly wire his hands. Inch ugly hands 1 In some fantastical way I eemed to be contending with them all through he night. And vvtin the morning when I woke—for I lid wake up, and that front as sweet, fe-. reshing sleep as one might wish to have—it was U (rone. It waa bright day. The aon was billing into the ere it, ill-furnished room. - As got out of bed and began to drew, the amorous side of thelhing had returned "to me ignin. Tho idoa of there being anything supernatural about a set of ivory* chessmen ap peared to mo to be extremely funny. I; found St. Sertma bad gone out. It; was ictually kalf-pnafc ton l Ilia table d'hMe at the lintel do Bretagnowaa dt eleven, and before lio breakfasted bo always took a ftetit ter re at the club. If ho had locked the door overnight lio had not forgotten to unlock it before ho started. I went into the rambling, bani-likc room which served us for a talon. Thu chess- | men had disapj>cared. Probably St. Sorvan had | put them away—I wondered if tho ghost had i interfered with him, I laughed to my&olf; as I | went out — faucy St. Servan- contending : with a ghost. j Tho proprietor of tho Hotel do Brotagno | is Legitimist, so all tho aristocrats dino tbero— ; of course. St. Scrvun with tho rest, hocaujM?. pro- | mnuhly, tho landlord’s polities arc congenial. As 1 to his cooking it is apparently indif ferent—I never knew a worse table iu all ray ! life! Tho landlord of tho Hotel do 1’EurojKs may be a Communist for all I caro — his rooking is lirst-rote, so I go there. I went tbero tlmt moruing. After I had breakfasted I strolled off toward the Grande Hue, to AT. Ilobineau. When he saw rae, M. Bobineau was all smirks and smiles—ho must havo got those chessmen for leas than fivc-and-twenty francs! I asked him if ho had any more of tho belongings of M. Fanichon. “ But certainly! Three others tots of chess* I didn't want to look at tlioso, apparently one set was quite enough for me. Was that ail ho had *r “ But no ! There was an aucicnt bureau, very maguiticent, carved— I thanked him—nor did I want to look at that. In the Grande Hue at Morlaix old bureaus carved about tho beginning of tho fifteenth century—if you listen to the vendor?*— arc a? plentiful ns cobblestones. 44 But I havo all sorts of things of M. Fumchon. It was I who bought them nearly all. Books, papers, and—■” M. Bobineau waved Ills bands toward n mul titude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at the aide of his shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I fouud it was in manuscript. “That work is unique!” exclaimed Bobi neau. 44 It was the intention of M. Fumchon to pro it to the world, but he died before his pur pose was complete. It is the record of all the games of chess ho ever played—in fifty volumes. Monsieur will perccivo it is unique.” I should think it vu unique! In fifty volumes! Tho one I held was a large quarto, l>ound in leather, containing somo six or seven hundred pages, and was tilled from cover to cover with matter in a fine, dear handwriting, written on both «d(w of tho page. I pictured the face of tho publisher to whom it was suggested that he should give to the world each a work os that. I opened tho volume at the finrtpago. It was, as Bobineau said, apparently tho rocord, with comments, of an interminable series of games of chess. I glanced at the initial game. Here arc the opening moves, just &s; they were given Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King’s Knight's Pawn, ouo square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King’s Rook's Pawn, two squares. Queen's Knight’s Pawn, one square* King’s Knight's Pawn, ono square. Queen’s Rook’s Pawn, two squares. King's Rook’s Pawn, two square*. They were exactly the moves of the night before. They were such peculiar moves and made under such peculiar circumstances that I woe scarcely likely to mistake them. So for m wo had gone, St. Servan and I, assorted by the unseen hand, had reproduced H. Fumcbon’s initial gome in tho first volume of hie fifty—and i very peculiar game it seemed to be. I asked Bobineau what he would toko for the volume which I bold. “Monsieur perceives that to part them would ►poll the set, which is uniquo. Monsieur shall have tho whole flftv”—I shuddered, 1 imagine Bobineau raw I did. he spoke so very quickly— " for a five-franc piece, which is lees than the value of the paper and the binding.” I knew then that he hod probably been paid for carting the rubbish away. However, I paid him his five-ftanc piece, ana marched oil with the volume under my ana, giving him to under stand, to his-evident disappointment, that at my leisure 1 would give him instructions os to the other forty-nine. As I went along I thought tho matter over. M. Fanichon soomod to have been a rfngular kind of man—he appeared to have carried his singularity even beyond the grave. Could it have been the cold-bloodod intention of his ghost to make us play the whole contents of the fifty volume* through? What a fiend of a gbott Uw gho>t must be l I opened the volume and studied the initial game. The people wore right who had aaid that the man was mad. None but an imbecile would have clayed such a game—his right hand against liis left!—and nonebut a raving madman would have recorded his imbecility in clock and white, m though it were a thing to be proud of! Cer tainly non© but a criminal lunatic would have endeavoured to foist hi* puerile travesty of the game and study of chess upon two innocent Still, the thing was curious. T Saticrod my self that St, Servan would be startled when he saw the contents of the hook I was carrying home. I resolved that I would instantly get out the chessmen and begin another gamo—perhaps the ghost of M. Funl- j chon would favour us with a further exposition of his ideas of things. I even mado up my mind that I would communicate with the Psychical Research Society. Not at all improbably they might think the case suffi ciently remarkable to send down a member of their body to inquire into the thing upon tho ' spot. I almost began to hug myself on the possession of a ghost, a ghost. too, which might , be induced to perform at will—almost on tho principle of “drop a coin into the slot and the figures move!” It was cheap at a hundred franc?. What a stir those ehmsmeu still might make! What vexed problems they might solve! TTnltv* I was much mistaken, the ex- j penditure of those hundred francs bad planed me on the royrft rr*ad to immortality. FfUed with such thoughts I reached our j room*. I found that St. ftrvau bad returned. ! With Lira, if I may oar so. he had brought his I friend*. Such friends! Ye Goths! .When J J opened the door the first thing that greeted i mo was a strong, not to say «n floating, smell | of incense. The room was filled with smoke. : Afire waablarlnr on thehsarth. Before it was St. Servan on his knees, his hand* clasped ia | front of him, in an attitude of prayor. By him ! stood a priest in his robes of office. He held what seamed a postle and tncrtjr, whose con tents ha waa throwing by handfuls into the Same*, muttering some doggi-rd to himself Ihe while.. Behind were two acolyte.?. With clean fares and nice white t>lo!c*. who were .swinging center*—hence the c-dour which filial the room. 1 was surprised vb«rr. I beheld all this. They appeared to be holding tome sort of religions service— and I bod not; bargained for that sort of thing when I bod arranged with St. Serrau to share the rooms with him. lip, my surprise I unccnsriouftly in terrupted tbnpreo'ediugt. 44 St. Servan ! Whatever U tho moaning of this?” St. Servan looked up and the priest looked round—that was all the attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I con ceived to be a grin upon their facet. But I wasn't to be put down like that. 1 must aak you, St. Servan, for an exphuia The priest turned tho mortar upside down uni omptied the remainder of its contents into Ihe fire. “ It is finished,'.’ he said. St. Servan rose from hit knees and crossed himself. “We' hare exorcised the demon,” he ob “ You have what^?” I asked. “ We havo driven out the evil spirits which powewed the chessmen.” I gasped. A dreadful thought struck me. “ You don't mean to say that you have dared :o play tricks with my property ’r” “ Monsieur,” said the priest, •• I have ground t into dust.” J io bail. That fool of a Scrran had ac tually fetched his parish priest, and hia acolytes, | and theii ceusen, and between them they hod | performed a comminatorr service made and provided for the 'driving out of demons. They had ground my ivory chessmen in the nestle and : mortar, and then burned them in tho firs. And this in the days of the Psychical Research Society ! And they had coat mo a hundred francs! And that idiot of a ghost had never »ircu*8nu oui a aanuorttia a worn.— luc Cerw- J 