THE NOVEHST. . Whose Was the Hand ? BY MISS BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audrey's Secret," &c.; (BEGUN IN " TOWN AND COÜNTBT JOÜENAL " Ol' FEB. 1.) j CHAPTER. XII.-FLOBESTAN'S MISSION. Florestan lunched with Mr. and Mrs. Arden on the day after their meeting at the opera. It was the lady who gave him the invitation. He had always been a favorite of hers, since tho time when he sold the meadow, and earlier, when he had just left Eton for the superior independence of the University; and in this busy Paris,' crowded with strange faces, she had been pleased to meet with a familiar face, a face associated with the cloudless years of her first marriage. Everything was dear to her that brought back the memory of that time. "Was she happy with her second husband ? No,: she was not ; unless gratitude and a placid Bub-i mission to the decree of Fate meant happiness. ' She had drifted into this second marriage upon! the strong tide of Ambrose Ar j_>_. _j_i-_ i_ " i_ ' den's; passionate love-a love which had gathered force with each long year of waiting, and which had become a power that no ordinary woman could resist. Such a passion, so exceptional in its patient endurance, its intense concentration, will compel love, . or at least the surrender of liberty, and the submission to woman's destiny, which is, for the most part, to belong to some one stronger than herself. tihe had submitted to this mastery, and she was grateful for that devoted affection which . knew no wavering, which had '" lost none of its romantic in- . tensity with the waning of the honey-moon. No woman could . be heedless of such a love as 'this; from such a man as Am brose Arden; and his wife was deeply touched by his idolatory, ? and gaye him back all that a ' woman can give whose heart is ., cold as marble. Tenderness, deference, companionship she could give, and she gave them ; but î the love she had lavished on Robert Hatrell was a fire that had burnt out. It was not in Ambrose Arden's power to ' rekindle the flame. Ne ver. since tho first year of her widowhood had her thoughts recurred so incessantly to the past as they had done since her Becond marriage. In her life with her daughter, they two as sole ' companions, something of her girlish gaiety had returned to her. She had become almost a ; girl again in adapting herself to a girl companion. In her anx iety to keep the burden of, sorrow off those youthful, shoulders she had shaken off the shadow of her own sad memories, and had given herself up to girlhood's small pleasures and . . frivolous interests. Rut since her marriage-since her chief com panion had been Ambrose Arden, and not Daisy, a deep cloud of melancholy had come down upon her mind. The image of her first husband had become a ghost that walked beside her path and stood beside her bed; and the memory of her happiest years had become a haunting memory that came between her and every charm and interest that her present lifo could offer. ThuB it was that she had been eager to. see more of Florestan,andhad asked him to. luncheon! at their hotel. * ! This time they were at the Bristol, and it was in a salon on the second floor, looking Out lipon the Place Vendome, that they received Gilbert Florestan. Daisy beamed upon him in a white straw hat trimmed with spring flowers, and a neat .little gray checked gown, made by one of those epicene tailors who give their minds to the embellishment of the female figure. Shé had a bunch of lilies pf the valley pinned upon her breast, a bunch which Cyril had just bought for her in the Rue Castiglione. They üad been running about Paris all the morning, Cyril protesting that the great city waB a vulgar, glaring, dusty hole, yet very -delighted to attend hiB sweetheart in herexplora -tions, and to show her everything that waB worth looking at. "I hope I have satiated her with churches," ne said j " we have driven ali over Paris, and 'have gone up and down so many Bteps that I feel as . if I had been working on the treadmill. We wound up with a scamper in Père la Chaise." It was a scamper," exclaimed Daisy. "He would hardly let me look at any of the inonu " ments. They are all mixed up in my mind, a chaos of bronze and marble, classical temples, and Egyptain obelisks-Balzac, Rachel, the Russian Princess who was burned to death at a ball, Descloe, Thiers, Abelard, and Heloise. I could spend a long day roaming about in that place of names and memories, and Cyril took mo \- through the alleys almost at a run." , . Why should a girl want to. prowl about a cemetery, unless she is a ghoul, and is mapping out the place in order to gp. back there in the night and dig?" Cyril protested with a dis gusted air. "I would rather have to stand and -wait while yon looked at all the shops in the! Eue de la Paix." . - ' ' . The luncheon was a very lively meal, foe both | Cyril and jPlorestan were full of talk and vivacity, and Daisy talked as much as they let her, leaving' Ambrose Arden and his wife free to look on and listen. They had. Bpent their morning together among the second-hand bookshops on the Quai Voltaire, where the scholar had found two or three treasures in sixteenth century, literature,' and where the scholar's wife had hunted for her self among volumes of a lighter: and more modern character, and had selected some small additions to the carefully ohbsen library at Bivëri Lawn, a collection which had been growing ever, since Robert Hat roll's death had . made her in some way dependent upon books .for companion-! ship. . . - " . . > After lunch, Florearan suggested a pilgrimage' to St. Denis, and offered to act as cicerone, an offer which Daisy-accepted Eagerly ;. so a roomy; carriage was ordered, and Mrs. Arden, her daughter, and the" two young men set out for. the; resting place of Royalties/leaving: Ambrose free; to go back to the bookshops. . , . - J '.' It isn't a bad day for av drive,*' said Cyril, as the landau bowled along the broad level-road] outside the city, '.'but I. am sorry that we;are pandering to Miss HatreU's ghoulish tastes by hunting after more graves." I t. * - - » », ... ... »........ .'. .. .." 1 ' ;. */ * Please read one or two of those letters, anditell me if they speak to your; heart ;&B; they spoke to mine,' she- said* h > > j ??/:.:.?;?? i c j as she put the packet into Florestan's hand/' . I-J7:V Jiii, .. ¿vtí ! (See tale entitled ""Whose Was the Hand ?" on this .page^) ! . . ' r;.There, was more discussion that evening as to how long the River Lawn party ^should remain in Paris. They had arrived from Italy two days before, and while they were in Venice Mrs. Arden had seemed anxious to return to England, and .had confessed herself homesick. In Paris she seemed disposed for delay. " I can't quite understand you, Clara," said her husband; "all your yearning for home seems to have left you." " I am as anxious as ever to go home, but there is something I want to do in Paris." "What is that?" '? ) " Oh, it is a very small matter. I would rather not talk aboutit." Ambrose looked at her wonderingly. This was the first time since their marriage that she had refused to tell him anything. He did not press the point, however. The matter in question might be some feminine frivolity, some business with dressmakers or milliners which it was no part of a husband's business to know. Later on in the evening his wife asked a ques tion apropos to nothing. "Does Mr. Floros tan know Paris particularly well?" .. Cyril answered her. " He tells me that he knows Paris by heart, and all her works and ways. He has : lived here a good deal off and on ; and. now . he has estab? lished his pied à tèrre-in the Champs Elysees, and means to winter here and summer ' at Foun tainhead. Ton wilL have him for. a. neighbor,; Daisy. I hope you are not. going to make me jealous by taking too much notice of him." He spoke with the easy gaiety of a man who knows himself beloved, and who is so secure in the possession of his .sweetheart's affection that he can afford to make a jest of the possibilities which might alarm other men. Daisy first blushed, and then laughed at the suggestion. , . - " Poor Mr. Florestan !" she sighed, " no father or mother,. no sister or " brother. . Nobody to be happy or unhappy about. What an empty Ufe his must be!" . "Oh, the fellow is lucky enough. He has a pretty old place.and a good, income. He ÍB young and clever--and-well-yes-I suppose, he is handsome." ; - Daisy offered no opinion. " Decidedly handsome," said Ambrose Arden, looking up from the chessboard at which he and his wife were seated. . Clara had never touched a card since the nightly rubber came to an end with her first hus band's tragical depth ; but 'she played chess nearly every- evening with her' second husband, who was a fine player, .and intensely .enjoyed the game.: His wife played just well enough to make the game interesting, and then there was for him an unfailing" delight' in; having her for his antagonist ; the delight of watching her thought ful face, with the varying expression as she pleliberatectupon her play; the delight pf touch ing her hand now and then as it moved, among the' pieces ; the delight of blearing her low sweet voice.1 This life could, give him . no' greater joy -than her companionship.- - It- had - been thè end and aim of his existence for long and patient years. L. Mrs, * Arden;; sent, Florestan. . a. telegram- next morning, asking'him to call upon her as. early as he could1 before luncheon. Her husband; was going . to ? spend his morning at the sale of a famous library, and she would be free to carry out an idea which she had entertained since her meeting with Fiorestan at the opera. Mr. Arden had not. been gone more than a quarter of an hour before Fiorestan was an nounced. Cyril and Daisy were sight-seeing, and Mrs. Arden was alone in the salon. She was sitting near one of the windows, with her travelling desk on a table before her. , '..'?: She thanked Fiorestan for his prompt attention to her request, and motioned him to a Beat on the other' side of the writing table. " I am. going to ask you to do me a great favor. Mr. Fiorestan/* she taid very seriously, "although our friendship has been so interrupted and so casual that I have hardly any claim upon you/' All that was ardent and frank and generous in the man who affected cynicism was awakened by this deprecating appeal, and, perhaps, still more by the pathetic expression of the soft, hazel .eyes and the faint tremulousness of the lower lip. " You have the strongest claim," he answered eagerly. "There is nothing I would not do to show myself worthy to be considered your friend. If we haye not seen very much of each other, we haye at least been acquainted.for a long time. I remember your daughter .when she was almost a baby. ' I remember--" ? . - -; - ? He checked, himself, as he Twas approaching a theme;that might'pain her.; , ;un:: " You remember, my,- husband," she said, inter preting hisJ .embarrassment." " It" is-bf him I want to talk to' you. -' T think you are good and true, Mr. Fiorestan, and I am going ,to trust you with the secrets of .the dead.., I am going to show you some, old letters-^letters -written to my dear dead husband- which I would not shów'to any body in this world if I did not hope that some good, some satisfaction to me and to my daughter, might Come out of the light these letters can give/' "My otear Mrs. Arden, you do not surely hope that after all these years "the murderer will; be found through äny. olue ¡ tbatf »the. -past-¿an afford?" ' - --A', ...>.,- v '* " I don't know what I hope-^-b.nt I want, to find a woman who loved my husband very tenderly and truly, before ever:! saw his face. She- was a friendless girl in this, city, a girl who had to work for her living, but her letters are the.outf come bf a refined nature, and I feel a strange and melancholy interest in her. My heart yearns toward the woman who loved my husband in his youth, and who might have been his'wife but for difference of caste." : ; ; 'V; - y::. -; *' Did your husband tell you about .this yolith ful love affair ?" "'...:'.. ?' V ' . .' . , ' ,.: V* "He alluded to it laughingly' once br 'twice during .our happy. married, dite j /but '. I, knew nothing more than that he had once heep1, in'loyè with a French grisette, until'the week before my second marriage. I had^ a curious fancy before that great change in my life to go back upon the past." There was a grave regretfulness iii her tone at this point which was a revelation ,to Flo» restan. " And I occupied myself for a whole night, when everyone else in tho house had "gone to bed, in looking over my husband's papers. ; J had been through them more than once before, and had classified and arranged them as well as 1 could; hut.I suppose I was not very business?* . like in my way of doing this, ' for. . among some commonplace ' 'letters from old college friends r» ' I,found a little packet of letters in', a -woman's hand, which I had < .overlooked before." ;; j - ^ She opened, ber desk as she 11 spoke,, and took out a small packet of letters tied with ia ¡ piece pf red tape. There had * been . no sentimental indulgence .'.\ in the way of satin ribhQn.for . the milliner's poor little letters. J The tape was faded and píd, and it was the sanie piece which ¡ Robert Hatrell's own hand haä tied round them. :;i ? Please read one or two ,bf . ' those letters, and tell me if they: speak to your heart as they spoke .' to minei" she said, as she put the packet into Florestaa'shand. ? He. untied the tape,, counted " the letters, seven in all,, and then began to read the letter . of earliest date. i ?' , . . " Rue Chauve Souris, Faubourg " St. Antoine, ' . ;.. \\. .(-^'^ \- y-.:".. "May 9. /vKi-v1--'' '."If was like a day spent jin Heaven - while we were together; ' yesterday: - I felt as ; if' it was ,.years Y and years since I, . had ;, » seen: green fields and a . river. . , .Oh, the beautiful river^ andi the . ' island .w¿ere we dined ! J did ' not think there was anything so lovely within an hour's journey v from Paris. Ah, how good ft'was of; you to give a poor hard-workr ' ing girl so much pleasure ! X ; have been in Paris more than a 1 year, and no one ever showed me a glimpse of green fields until . yesterday. My brother was too -busy with his inventions, and 'Y; .'.-there-, was no one else. I wonder at your goodness, that you should take -so much trouble for a poot . girl; and that you should not ; ; be. ashamed to be seen with any one SQ shabby and insignificant.'' * Three other letters followed, ' ' telling the same story of a Siin v day in the environs of Paris, ; of t - the woods and the river, an,d the rapture of being .with hiln. Gradually tho pen had grown ; ? bolder, and it was of love the \- girl wrote to her lover-a humble, confiding, romantic girlish love, which took no thought for the morrow, asked no ques rions, suffered from no agonies, of doubt. She wrote as if her happiness were to know no change -^as if those Sunday excursions to pleasant places were togo on for ever. . She told him how she had gone to .mass before she met him at therailvyay station, or the steamboat pier, and how. shè had prayed for him at the altar. " ' .\ ' " The later letters had a more -serions tone, and breathed the fear that her "dream must come to an end. ;., ?? ; . . -, "It has been liko.a dream to know you and be loved by you," she wrote; " but is the dream to end in darkness, and the long dull life that would be left for me if you were to go away and forget me? I suppose it must .be so. I have been too happy to remember that such happiness could, not last. You will go back, do your o wn country, and fall in love with a young English lady, and forget that you ever spent happy days on the Seine, laughing1 and talking with your poor Toinette. You will forget the arbor on the island where we dinedun the twilight, while music and singing went past us in the boats, while we sat hidden behind vine leaves, and heard everything without being seen. Oh, how sweet it was ! I shall never see any more stars like those that shone down upon us as we came from Marly one night, Bitting; side? by side on a bench on thej roof .of the train.. I shall never soe the river in Paris without, thinking that it is the same river on' which our boat bas drifted, oh, so lazily, while we have talked and , . forgotten everything except our own voices. ' . All that was beautiful in.the Tiver and;the landscape seemed not outside us, but a part of. ourselves and of our love." . ' _ . '.'.^u "V There was more in the Bame strain^ but later the key changed to saddest minor. '? "I know you cannot marry, me; indeed,'T nevér thought or hoped tobe your wife.. I only wanted our love to go on as. long as it could. I. wanted it to go en for ever,* asking no. morennan to see ' you '" now and then, oùce a week, once "iñ a month even-r-áh, even - Once, 5».- a-yearA. . fl- cpultf ïivé~ all through àlUing diiU'year' in the hope of seeing yon for one^blesjred hpur^on^Nsw; Y^arV;D^y.\ .Is that toomiîcnytôJÂsX? Yo\¿* cannot guess how little Jwptífll^Stént rhB^an^hin^'éxcept to lose yon. vforever:'VT The áay that yon say to me, * Good y^y%)*Toinette, we shall never meet again,* will be : HUé >tfay. of my death. ' Yon sire -tire better part'df .* %iy^ifeV-Í cannot' íiyéíwíthout you. ; I think of v íyoú1liUíévery hoiir Vf "the day/, ¡think. pf yon i <wifcli-every stitcli'myr-n^dlöjni^kds .'thTPugh' the -ion^hour's in which I f it at .Vorfcr'-¿The .sprig pf ^willèWypu picked when we wete ^ítí'. the boatlast. ^?Svitíáü^ 'ísJhke a living thing: to' me^as precipua .^&èyîf ^ 'had 'a soul and could sympatHise with mel ^.M-nijf'love and nvr sorrow.*-" ;: . , ' : : >' .Ploi'estan' read on-till'the last Word in the iaafc iéttét/ ' . . ;-/.: *- ;, ; '!(TO''BB^coNTiNnab.)'-i Í /-¿a;. äui. '.V/'*' > S ', y / ' '? ""? '.'-*"' ; \ 