CURIOUS TALES. THE GHOST THAT APPEARED TO MRS. WHARTON. HEN my mother was a girl, KT\A/TE some rumors began to steal lUsi V i ffi through the town where she lived, about something having gone amiss with old Mrs. fjjipipill Wharton ; for, if Mrs. Wliar ton was not known by all the EHESjlllll townspeople, she was known and respected by so many that it was really no trifle when she was seen to have the contracted brow and pinched look about the nose that people have when they aro ill alarm, or living a life of deep anxiety. Nobody could make out what .was the matter. . ' If asked she said she was well. Her sons were understood to be per fectly well, and sufficiently prosperous ; and there could be no doubt about the health anil the dutifulness and the cheerfulness of the unmarried ; daughter wlio lived with her. Tho old lady ; lived ill' a house which was her own property ; aiid her income, though not large, was enough 'for 'comfort.' What could it bo that made her suddenly so silent anil grave ? Her daughter was just the same as over, except that she was anxious about the change in her mother. It was observed by one or two that the clergyman hail nothing to say when the subject was spoken of in his hearing. ? He rolled and iioilded his head, and lie glanced at the ceiling, anil then stuck his chin deep into his shirt frill, but ' these were things that, he was always doing and might mean nothing. - - '??'? Soon after a like mysterious1 ehangc ap peared to conic over the daughter, but no dis asters could be discovered to have happened. No disease, no money losses, no family anxieties were heard of, and by degrees both the ladies recovered nearly their former cheerfulness and ease of manner— nearly, but not altogether. They appeared somewhat subdued in counten ance anil bearing, anil they kept a solemn silence when some subjects were -talked of, which often turn up by tho Christmas fireside. The story was this. Ono Midsummer morning Mrs. Wharton wa3 so absent at breakfast that her daughter found all attempts at conversation to be in vain. So she quietly filled the coll'ee-pot, 'which' 'her' mother hail forgotten to do, and in the .middle of the forenoon ordered dinner, which she found her' mother had also forgotten. She had just such another breakfasting three times more during the next fortnight. Thou, on Miss Wharton crossing the hall, she met her mother in bonnet anil shawl, about to go out so early as half-past nine. The circumstance would not have been remarked, but for the mother's confused anil abashed way of accounting for going out, She should not be gone long. She had a little call to make, anil so on. The call wits on Mr. Gurney. He had hardly one break fast when lie was told that Mrs. Wharton wished to speak with him alone. When he entered the study, .Mrs.', Wbarton seemed as unready with lier words as himself ; anil when lie shook hands with her, lie observed, that her hand was cold. She said she wos well however. Then caino a pause, during which the good pastor was shifting from one foot to the other, on the hearthrug, with his hands be hind him, though there was nothing in the grate but shavings. Mrs. Wharton, mean time, was putting her veil up anil down, and her gloves oii anil off. At last with a con strained auil painful smile, she said that she was really ashamed to say what she came to say, but she must say it ; and she believed and hoped that Mr. Gurney had known her long enough to bo aware that she was not subject to foolish fancies anil absurd fears. ' No ono- further from it,' he dropped, and now fixed his eyes on her face. Her eyes felt under his, when she wont on. ' For some time past I have .suffered from a most frightful visitation in the night,' ' Visitation ! What sort of visitation 7' She turned visibly cold while she answered ' It was last Wednesday fortnight tiiat I awoke iu the middle of the night — that is between two and three in the morning, when it was getting quite light, and I saw — ' ' She choked a little and stopped. 'Well!' said Mr. Gurney, 'What did you see 7' 'I saw at the bottom of the bed, a most hideous — a most detestable face — -gibbering, anil making mouths at ine.' ' A face !' ' Yes : I could see only the face (except, in deed, a hand upon the bedpost), becauso it peeped round the bedpost from behind the cur tain. The curtains are drawn down to the foot of the bed.' She stole a look at Mr. Gurney. He was rolling his head ; and there was a working about his mouth before he asked — ' What time, did you sup that night ? ' 'Now,' she replied, 'you are not going to say, I hope, that it was nightmare. Most people would ; but I hoped that you knew me better than to suppose that I eat such suppers as would occasion nightmare, or that I should not know nightmare from reality.' ' But, my dear Mrs. Wharton, what else can I say ? ' ' Perhaps you had bettor listen further, before you say anything.' Ho nodded anil smiled, as much as to say that was true. ' I have seen tho same appearance on three occasions since.' ' Indeed ! ' 'Yes, on three several nights, about the same hour. And, since the first appearance, my supper has been merely a little bread and butter, with a glass of water. I chose to exclude nightmare, as I would anything whatever that could possibly cause an appearance so horrible.' ' What sort of face is it 7' ' Short and broad ; — silly, and yet sly ; and the features gibber anil work — Oil ! fearfully !' ' Do you hear it come and go ?' ' No. When I wake — (and I novel- used to wake in the night) — it is there : aud disappears — to say truth-j-while niv eyes aro covered ; anil I cannot meet its eyes. I hear nothing. When I venture a glance, sometimes it is still there ; sometimes it is gone.' ' Have you missed any property 7' 'No; nor found any trace whatever. We have lost nothing : for there is really not a door or window that seems ever to have been touched ; not an opening whero any one could get in or out.' ' And if there were, what could be the ' ob ject? — What docs you daughter say to it?' ' Oh !' said Mrs. Wharton, rising quickly, ' She does not, and indeed she must not, know a word of it. I ought to have said, at first, that what I am telling you is entirely, in; con fidence. If I tolil niy daughter, it must then go no further. We could not keep our ser vants a week, if it got out. And if I should want to let my house I could not find a tenant. The value of the property would go down to nothing ; and in justice to my daughter, 1 must consider that ; for it is to be hers here after. And we could never have a guest to stay with us. No oue would sleep in the. house for a single night. Indeed, you must not. . . ' Well, well ; I will not mention it. But I don't see. . . . ' .' He paused ; and Mrs, Wharton replied to his thought, ' ' It is difficult to form conjcetures— to say anything, in such a case, which does not appear too foolish to be uttered. But, oue must have some 'thoughts ; ' and perhaps— if one can talk of possibilities— it is possible that this appear ance may be meant for me alone ; and .there fire, if I conceal it from my daughter . . . till I am convined whether it is meant for mo alone . 'I would, soon try that,' observed Mr. Gurney. Seeing Mrs.- Wharton looked rather wistfully at him, he continued : ' My advice is that you have your daughter i sloop with you, after hearing yotir story. Try i whether she can sco this face.' ''You do not think she would ?' ' I think she would, not. — My dear friend, if I were a medical man, I could toll you facts ! which you are little aware of, — anecilotcs of tho strange tricks our , nerves play with us : — of delusions so like reality I 'Do you think 1 have not considered that 7' exclaimed the poor lady. ' Mr. Gurney 1 did not think that you would try to persuade me out of my senses, wlien.I tell you, that four times I have scon iu 'daylight, nnil when wido;awnke, and in perfect health, what I have said.' Mr. Gurney. was very gentle; but, as ho said, what could ho suggest- but indigestion, or sonic such cause. of nervous disturbance ? Yet his heart smote him .when lie saw his old friend lay her forehead against the mantel-piece and cry heartily. . , He did all he could. He tried inilefatigably, though; in vain, to persuade her to let her daughter share the spectacle, and he went the same day, when Miss Wharton was out for a walk and the servants wero at dinner, to ox \- amino., the house. He made no discovery.. Tho gratings ol' tho underground cellars wore perfect. The attics hail no trap-doors, and tho house had no parapet. Tho chimneys were too high anil narrow for anyone to get in at tho top. No window or door was over found un fastened in the. morning.- Mrs. Wharton dill not think she. coulil engage for courage enough to get out of bed or to look beyond the cur tains. , Nor could she promise to draw her curtains. The face had never appeared within tlieni, and tlicy seemed a sort of protection where there was no other. Without having made any promises, she went so far as to start up in boil the next time she saw the facc. The eyes winked horribly at her, the head nodded — and was gone. The beating of licr- heart prevented lier hearing any thing that time, , but pneo or twice during the autumn she fancied she heard a light and swift footstep in tho passage. She always left her room tloor open, for the sako of the same sort of feeling of security that most people crave when they shut and bolt theirs. If this was a ghost bolts anil locks would not keep it out, and she could fly the more easily through the open door if her terror should become too great to be endured alone. For tho first time she now burned .a night light in her chamber as the nights lengthened, anil not a dim, flickering rush candle, but a steady wax-light. She knew her daughter wondered' at the strange 'extravagance, but she could not boar darkness, or a -very feeble light, when the thing might be behind tho curtain. Throughout October the visits wore almost nightly. In the first week in November .they suddenly ccascd ; and so many week- passed away without a return, that Mrs. Wharton began to be a little alarmed about her own wits, anil to ask herself whether, after all, it was not possible that this was a trick of the nerves. One night in January, that doubt, at least, was settled ; for there, at. the same bedpost, was the same face. Mrs. Wharton was now, after this interval,' subdued at once. She hail borne for half a year;her pastor's suspicions of her digestion anil her wisdom, anil now, she really wanted 'sympathy. She let him tell her daughter (lot him, 'rather than tell it herself becauso lie could make light 'of it, anil she. could not) ; anil she gladly agreed to lot her daughter sleep with her. For long, she gained nothing by it. During the whole fortnight that the visits now continued, Miss Wharton never once saw tho face. She tried to wake the moment her mother touched her ; she tried to keep awake ; but she never saw the face ; anil after that fortnight, it dill not come again till April. Oue bright May dawn, she saw it. Her mother pulled her wrist, and she waked up lo a sight which burned itself upon her brain. Slio suppressed a shriek at the moment ; but she coulil not tell Mr. Gurney of it afterwards, without tears. She wanted that day to leave the house immediately ; but tljo thought of her mother's long suffering with this horror, the consideration of the serious consequences of de claring themselves ghost-seers in the town, and of the disastrous elTect upon their properly, and of (he harmlessne.ss of the ghost, induced her to summon up her courage, and bear on. She did more. When a little insured, she ono night sprang out of bed, rushed round tho foot of it, and out upon the landing. The stars wero dim ill tho ilawn ; but she was confident that she saw something moving there — passing down the hall. As soon as she coulil make the servants attend her she told t hem she be lieved somebody was in the house ; and all tho four women — two ladies and two maids — went armed with pokers and shovels, and examined the whole house. They found nothing, neither in the chimneys, nor under tho beds, nor in any closet — nothing from cellar to attic. And when the maids had recovered a little, they agreed what a tiresome and weari some thing it was when ladies took fancies. This was only their first night of disturbance. Miss Wharton called them up tliroo times more and then she gave tho matter up. . The. ser vants thought her strangely altered, and wished she might not bo going to bo ill. Thus matters went on for some, years. The oddest thing was the periodicity of the visits. In winter they were rare ; but there were generally a short series in or about.. January; after which they ceased till the end of 'March, or the beginning of April. They went on through nearly tlio whole summer, with ono or two' ?intervals of about ? a fortnight. Tho servants never suspected even the existence of the mystery. Their ladies never mentioned it ; anil no article was ever displaced: at night,- The. ladies' became in time so accustomed to the appearance as to bear it almost without uneasiness. It occurrcd- to them sonietimes liciw: odd it was to be living under the weight of such a mystery : anil tlicy were silent when ghosts were talked about, anil felt anil looked' very serious when laughed at ; but their alarm liad subsided; The Thing never iliil them any harm ; anil tlicy hail now got. merely to open drowsy eyes to sec if it was there, and to drop asleep when it was there no longer. This may seem strange to those who have not (and also to those who have) seen ghosts ; but wo none of us know what we may come to ; anil these two ladies reached the point of turning their beads on their pillows, without- niuoh' heating of tho [heart under the gibbering of a hideous ghost,' '? 'One circumstance wdrth -noting. is,, tliat the Tiling once spoke. After one of its mocking nods, it said, ' I come to see- yoiv whenever I please. When Mr. Gurney Was told this, lie asked whether the language was English, anil what sort of- English it .was. It must have been English, as the ladies did not observe any thing remarkable. As to the dialect, it had no particular iniprossion-aipon tlieni, but when they came to remember and; consider, they thought it must have been the broad dialect of tho district, which they were accustomed to hear in the kitchen, ; anil in the streets and shops every day. This was alii Amidst tho multitude of -nightly visitations, no explanation —no now evidence— occurred for several years. Mr. Gurney was not fo'ntl of being puzzled. His -plan' was to dismiss from his mind what puzzled him. He --seldom inquired after the ghost; anil when lie did, he always received the same answer. One morning, after this; lapse of years, Mr. Gurney called to ask the ladies if they would like to see a glass house. The residents of manufacturing towns cannot intrude in such places tit their:- owii pleasure, but (as is well known) take their, opportunity wTien an arrival of strangers,: or other such occasion, opens the iloors of any. ?.manufactory.-' Mr. Gurnev was the first mail in tho' town, in regard to doing tho honors ; of it-.; All strangers wero intro duced to liinr ; - aiul the iloors of all show places flew open before him: Ho was wont to invite his friends in turn to accompany him and his party- of strangers to these show-places; and lie now invited the Whnrtons to the glasshouse. Miss Wharton -was-'- unavoidably engaged at the school, but her mother went. When tho whole party wore standing near one of the furnaces, abserving tlio coarsest kind of glass blowing — tliat of green glass bottles — Mrs Wharton suddenly seized Mi\ Gurnoy's arm with one hand, while' with the other she pointed, past the glare, to a figure on the other siilo of the furnace. 'That's the face!' she -exclaimed, in great agitation ; ' keep quiet, anil pull down your veil,' said Mr. Gnniey in her car. She drew back into the shallow, and let down her veil, fooling scarcely able to stand. Mr. Gurney did not, offer her his arm ; lie hail something else to do. ' Who is that: man 7' he inquired of the foreman, who was showman at tho moment. 'Tlio man inquired about looked scarcely human. Ho was stunted in figure,' largo in face, anil hideous— making till allowance' for the puffing of his cheeks, as lie blow vigorously at the end of the long pipo lie was twirling in his baboon like hands. ' That poor fellow, sir 7 His name is Miil illetoh. He is a half-wit— indeed, nearly a conipleto idiot. He is just able to ilo what you soe — .blow the coarsest sort of glass.' Mr. Gurney wished to speak with him ; anil the poor creature was' summoned. Ilo came, grinning ; anil lie grinned 'yet more when he was requested to show the glasshouse to the gentleman. Mrs. Wharton, with hoi: veil down, hung on h or friend's arm; anil they followed the idiot-, who was remarkably light footed (for a wonder) to the place ho was most fond of. He took (hem down to the annealing chamber ; anil then ho observed that it was 'a nice warm place o' nights.' Being askeil how he knew that, ho began pointing with his finger at Mrs. Wharton, and peeping under her bon net. Being advised to look liiin in the face, she raised her veil ; and lie sniggled anil giggled, anil saiil he had seen .her many a time when she was asleep, anil niuiy a time when she was awake ; anil another, lady, too, who was not there, lie hid himself down here when 'the otlior men went away — it was so warm ! and then lie could go when he pleased, and seo 'her there,' anil tlio . other when they .were asleep. Mr, Gurney enticed liiin to whisper how lie managed it ; and then, with an air of silly cunning, lie. showed a little square trap door . in the wall, close by the floor, through which lie said ho passed. It seemed too small for tlio purpose ; . but lie crept in and out again. On the other side, he declared, was -Mrs. Wharton's cellar. It was so. Far distant as the glasshouse seemed from tlio house, it ran back so far, tho cellar running back also, that they mot. No time was lost in sending round to the collar ; and by a conversation held through tho trap-door, it was ascertained that when Mrs. Wharton's stock of coal was low, that is, in summer, and before a fresh supply came in in mill-winter, Middleton could get in, and did get in, almost every night. When ho iliil not appear it was only because the coal covered the trap-iloor. Who shall say with what satisfaction the ladies watched the nailing up of the trap-door, and with what a sense of blissful comfort they retired to rest henceforth ? Who shall estimate the complacency of the good clergyman at this complete solution of the greatest mystery ho hail ever encountered ? 