THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; -oni, Llady Chctwynd's Spectre. S --+++- BY Mus., IIAlIIET Jl1,ItW, OCAPTER XI.-(CoNTIsoUED.) Her love and ambition were both aroused, and she bent herself to the task of winning him now, upon that very night. She meant to renew her betrothal before she slept. Gilbert Monk continued to walk to and fro. IHe was equally anxious with Sylvia for her marriage to Ohetwynd. Until that marriage 'should come off, his game in regard to Bernice was blockedl. Ie was thinking thus when the hall porter opened tihe door and approached him saying: "Mr. Monk, there's a low fellow in the hall who says hbe must see you. His name, which he says it's Flock-" Monk started. " Flack " he ejaculated. " Why, lie was a servant of mine. I'll see lin." He hurried out into the hall. Finck stood just inside the great pbrtal. Monk went up to him, and asked, in an under tone: " What's up ? Why are you here?" "Mrs; Crowl, she sent sme," said Flack. "Hiss Gawyn left Hnawr Castle the day before yesterday, and we haven't seen her I "Left the castle 7" . Yes, sir, along with a porkmnntio, "which she carried in her hland, and a wear ing of a gray dress and veil. Mrs. Crowl I she thinks Hiss Gwyn came this way, sir. It's along of a newspaper which camo 1 around a packet of wools which the FrLnch governess brought at Carnarvon. Tile news. paper had a parrygraph thatLord Chetwynd I was at Genoa, raln on hlis way hornc. That unsettled Miss, and she made off the same night. Ioave you seen her here?" " Thunder, no.' She's lhre, in thile neigh. borhood," cried Ifonk, in a pInic. "You must watch here for her, Flack. Cu over to the villago inn and look for her there. Be in the edge of the park on the east sida of the house after the lights are out. I -must see you then--consult with you. I cannot stay here longer without excit ing slapicion. W'e must find Ihe girl to. ilglt." lie returned to the hqius, concealing his . anxiety and perturbation as bret lie could. Ile passed the drawing room, goiog through the musicroom to the great conservatory, into which thle drawing rooms, musiieroom, and the pink bouiloir opened, lie rat down in a dlin nook amongilo the flowers, his heart boating fiercely, anl muttered : S "lernice here I tBernice back at Chet avynd Park I She will- respect her onth. She, will not reveal. her identity nor pre. aence to her husbaund; but why does she come ? I fear there's mischief ahead." CIfAPTEIi T1-II. T ilt'I .'IGURIE IN WIIITH. " Fromm the low,.rustie seat upon which Gilbert hadl fillng himself, hei could look : into the bright drawiaagroom and hear the murmur of voices. "I wish Chctwynd would fall in love with Sylvia," thought Monk; "but, he remains wedded to lis first love. I wish lie would feel bound in honor or compassion to propose to Sylvia this very night. I f she were very skilful I should think site might lead laim oin. If he were really and actually engaged to Sylvia, 1 think I could manage BIernice." It seemed as if the fates were playing into his hands that night. While lhe lurked in the great conser. vatory that flanked one end of the house and opened upon several state apartments, Sylvia sat in a low chair before the fire, her gay bit of woolleoi embroidery om her khene, the soft light falling in a flood upon her swarthy, hltnlsome fare. red cheeks and glossy black hair, conscious tlhat seh was looking her best, and ipresoentil?g ts iretly pictllre to the long homeless young 1oal. " l nun glad to be back nl-aoa," said the marquis, his grave brows shadowed by his ceaseless unreet and bitter longings. "I thought in Abyssinia that I wotul give all I owned to transport myself in an instant back to this dear old home. And now I alr, here, in the rooms she brighltened with her joyous presence, and the pain of being here is granter tllh I could hare dreamed. It seems as if Bernice were near ine, Sylvia. I have never had that straiige easen of the nearness of her presence eiuce 1 lst her. It seems as if she were in these rooms-as if she uaight appear to mo at any moment--as if I might hear her voie calling." "That is very natural, and very easily explained," said Sylvia, in her smoolth, silvery voice. " Yeo left this place so soon after dear Ilernice's death that her preselce still seemed, as one leglt say, to pervade a the house. You come back after n a loag absence, and everything reminds you of her. You have not grown used to the louse with; out her." " Shall I ever get used to the house with. out her 1" naked Lord Chbetwyd. "The edge of our grief must wear off some time," said Sylvin, softly. "It must lose its first sharpness, and become a vague nnd tender memory. Perlhaps when I'm gone you will find repose in your fond smemories of lernice. I love Chetwynd O'arke, and all tihe peolaloe upon tie estate. Th's is the a olly Ihoame I hane in all the wvide world. But muist leave it. I am going away, soon, next week, if possible, and I phall never retarn again." " Ah11, thI i i 0 , I' s l :;, .I i , 11 .t ..h , nl ely. " It 14 I t l 11 411' . '', 1 h 44 111 .44:41. 444r 4.. ( I 4,1 4 411' '44111.4 11?1.)1 )11 1i1ht', 41 I CIII 4 4Una "''4.'t "iI I'yll' 111 yo 4444 llinl'41 4 i 4 1nu44 41' 1i 1144frce m. I' 4p;4ul4 I4I4,ly, I t1 111 11, r 11 4 11 u4 11 ?11y u IR , I' , a id I c ;a ; it . l . .u p . r l i' , pi t ,! l t o t l iiwith Ilia conI el*wnl.or that the , 1W , hy ill hl, r Ihut nl' il lmoIv, " my' vo l v . lonn t, II ll l mu t eh, l l.hu4 l 4 .ib4 . '1olo , ' u1 y t I. , I l t ruth, ail I hove, ian I p4.ple tikt 4 i t 4 t1e44 1 ru41 tint her4.11 .", "' \8V:t it lhitty dirt l ,, ivay ht th4 4,40. sen4 a C l mly stH01 . itaer i4 4 v b.u111' . ei " "T'':Iy s'ly," reill iull Hylviil, tiirull4in4 I4t r headatl HII l e'',"Ibi w .;nuen hetrtthel ,1 you, i tha4t y4.t jiled rll', They H' 4 thal-tlnt I live you nI!l, nisul lhnt lI' am cut44ying on l'er tIt h4op44 ti .n.lin you. And 4o1l IIIIIt gI, Itly'. I r'C 4l 11id Stay 0o1 here4 ' He liumg isi a "pllk of Irnt walllnmatoll remaintls i llltm. And su--nllll so,-l44 n SIn covered hlier faue nllll srermd to Hout inn0n4 utter h1u4llhtllon antd mn, guish. " There is only on4 way In which you canl or will rea34i4, I sup Ipoue," bu ex cl4ih4td, Irulup.outsly, "aut that Is-as m4ly w/ife. "I "Oil, I.yl " cried 3Mi4s 3M[ink, 'raltur. 4llsly, cresting her lltd ill surpent fuIlhlonl, her4lull Iye burning with IinL be4ll4 t flames, 4her Icd clie'l4 fll4uming into deeper Carna. tint,. Folr an instaint (heIwynd paused, he wildered. Miss Monk waited for hinm to say more. e11 conmprehnl4dcil that lls ti n guarded outburst 4h4d been i.teurlreted its a hlllf proptoi4nl of nmarrisgo. Ile was 4.ck at hlea:rt for n b,lief space. IRecover ing himself, lie sn4il, with unconscious stern. 444.0 : "lylvia, I rnever loved but once, hly heart Is buried wllh my wife. All 4my 4lolpu4 rest nll her colln. We were once betrothed. Youll pult all 0nd to our engavcrceltl, ns I fanlcied thn, because you hlld discovered that you dhi not love me, tand I married, lernice. Mly nothcr desired you nnd me to marry each other, Bernice, dying, ]urged me to marry you, Did s4he fancy, in tihat last hour, that you loved me? The dying see clearly, it to saidl. Perhalps she had heard of our former engagement, althou4gh that is scarcely probable. 34y mother loved you ; 1crnice.1oved you. 1 caurnot permit you to go forth to n life of toil and hardbhip. Sylvin, sister, knowing what I am, and that 1 have no heart to offer, will you become 4my wiofe 1" The color flamed again In Miss IMonk's faeo. " Oh, Roy l" she breathed again, in rap Lure. "I love you. To be your wife is more than I had ho44ed. But I will devote my life to 3you. 1o will work together, and I know that I can bring bank to you a portion at lenat of your lost bhappi ne41s." heotwynd smiled sorrowfully. " Such a marriage is a one-sided anlllir," 4he said. "I have so little to give in return for your love. 1Bt I can spare you the toil and jlardshipl of a governtss's life. I can bhiclh you front contact with tile busy world, and I will try to makoe you hlis ,Honk arose swiftly nod rushed toward him with her soft, undulating movements, and flung herself upon his breast. lie started bnek with a geatura of 1epul. sion, but recollecting himself folded one arm around her. They were betrothed again, and he could give her at least a brother's careses. " tIh, Iloy, this hour pays me for all I have endured I"crie4d Miss fonk. "All I ask is to be allowed to make yeu happy. I cannot hopo ever to take thie place of clear B1erice, but in Liu, e I may come to 14i1 a little niche of my own in4 your heart. I have suffered so much. My life has been one long death without you. Take me closer, Itoy, and give me the kiss of betrothlll. At lasLt--t last," she went on, " I nm yours." CObetwynd put both arms around her, and sai], illn it broken voice : "4God bless you, my promlsed wife yrny dear Sylvia l And may your future huppliness atone for tbo sorrows of your Hle bent his noble head and pressed a kiss uponl her willing lips. She held him to her, showering hisses upon him in strange un. reserve, A s:trh, a breath, a faint rustle, like the brushing of a wing or the movement of a womlan's dress, caume flultering throughatho roo m. rChetwyndl, still holding Sylvia to his breast, involuntarily looked up. Ills appalled eyes beheld a sight that Iheld him dumb and mnotionless, Ile saw standing ia the wide archway of the open sliding doors that which he be. lievedr to be the apparition of his 14st Bernice. Sil stood aganlost a faintly lit back. grounud of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in thie midst of an odorous twilight that 4ma4de her seem Indeed a vision from another world. Sheo was dressed in white, as at her buia]. Ch'etwynd's fascinated eyes noted that she wore a long, while silken robe like that in which he had consigned her to the tomb. Ifo recognised the peculiar fashion. ing of the dress, for she hall worn thile one in which she ha4d been buried at her first dinner at Chetwynd Park--that memorable dinner upon the very evening of her home. coming. The low, square-cut Peom"ndour corsage, with frills of point lace s anding up abou0t the slender throat and fair boaom'_ the ahort lleeves ending at the olbow in rI frill of ]ace; the bared arms: he recognise4i each separate featur of the toilot be he a thought so charming. hut the facel It was strangely changed, and yet loe knew it, and hi4 s heart leaped uIlp wit hin int aslight of It. loernic hoad boen plin, with but the plossbility of beauty, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with the radiance of a rare and 0 perfect loveliness. Spellboulnd, he 'onutinlled4 to staie at her, ntiuh4g the pure, frank brows shaded4 by cr4inkl4in4 4 4u:Isses of fl4):.ti4:g 4nir, tlhe soft and pelrfect co4ntour of heCr face, 4te tender witchery of4 the su4n4 tive I 4,outhl , thu unllulttrtble .yearnling anltd ]olinghn in the grea4t vivi4d eye of 4 44,k. 4h44 lo;,ked as if sl0 Il44nged t40sl4al:, but was restrained by so0me ilviaible 4lowcr. Sylin's hea' d haIl4 bcen billced in (chet. w0vn'l'3 ; bre'ast. She wo14 lore?(0 I4 t hi4. 4 0l0l44e, 43l'. 1h, ond u441 cr4yin44g 4un4ly: " Gall Ino y'orl. Ipromiscd wife eanie), ([etr lhy. Kiia mle ~gadin. Amt | not to bu your wife 4 Are 4w, lot L4 boe Iloppy at last ? Oh, nly da 1ling-" Sic Iirobk oilf abruptly, seeieng the s4hado4wy figns in the door.way. She stared at the I vision 0 s if it h1 d been some 4lemon s0t to cnll her to her te4rnnl 4homo. Her hair seemed to rise on elld. 4Ier longue wasne glued to her mouth. The countenance of the secening appari tion chinged to an expression of ineffable de1pairand anguish. 1She olenedl wide her arms us i4 to enl0brae Chetwynd, and so, with outslreacd nrm., nod yearning, angulished face, sbhe slowly retreated bark0 ward like tLheo niry vislon she seemed until sho hall vanuihed into th. gloom be. Notuntil the seeming slpetre had disap. peared dil Lord Chetwynd arouse from 44s frozen silence. 13ut then, as if g0lvanised, oe flung Sylvin MIonk fro 4m llm i4n a utter forgetfltlness of her, bounded 1cr.ss the Sroom and i4l4 the C 4onser4CRatoy. Tile waX Sli4ghts were burning dimly in the grneat I srched dome of glass, ned there were dim 4 nouks and shadows0 on e.ry side. Tile lmar 1 quis dashed down a wide flower.bordered aisle like a m1d0ln4 . The glaz4ed doors at S4the lower end of the conserm1tory a4d open SIng into the garden wcre opec. le smado I for them, uttering strange and incoherenlt cries. i it hl a, i I-4' , t"44 11,.1 1 haI 0 bell, 11h i , 11id 111m. : 11." ' it l .l't4r Oh cane,,l? 1 m vlh nl l oo1t hadtW 44r4 II 0n l Ilt (IIIn r ,t h I tr nll llve en 11 1 110 ti 111 Is 11n her butIll l w (1 ? 1 like Ih t I1a xhaiw, andl e 11 11 W in ItI" Inut of pauIl4l Irt when lo1 d I!hll"twy d' s ;'swift apprlcl'l h taad hit halt. i'he xve'heIIr kI I'w fhalt n clisl t had o e ltcu red 'l' IOt folllll lo l hhiib ll'si lind Sylvin, ull in Ilk Iprcwtl relllnuaeS his "own future rau htn4 d4epended. flu wold equ1l to the " Vhy, what'4' the mtatter, hltwynd 1" h ad,414lh, in the 4lt4t04n appar'ent surpris,. eodl ganals:h l Is thu lan lUd11 Where Irl'e yein hlillU) I Why ro yloul runnllingl (treal lMicvnl, I yun look as 4 yoellu had seen (!ll41etwyln4 ti4'urned 4lupon4 Monk, eager anlld " .II olhl ese ilrl?"e Itrletl. "11 sany. i4one pin4tl out tllis iany 1t" " No, n. I s1l4lv 4e ,l ) n sltlunding in the inll ll4r ny lh1to4e Ih'ls l f 4l4eeu minutllllll ," repliledl Monllk, wih tCeini truthifulssll S, i "Wh4t4li dl 4ol ouck? Hylvin,?" " It was lernic41 " said tihe marnr(u(ls, all exciltnlellt. " I e4w ther as iplainly ns I se4 youl, Uil!rt-Illy dead wife, BIernice 1 elp Ilme to senacl4 tlhe conservatory-" Monk pult on n look of alarm. i My Ideal O bhetwynd," hle exclaimed, "you are the victlnm of someo singolar hahlluclna tion. Yolur brain is turned. h1ar4 you for. gotten that Bernice is 4tnd? Hlow, thlen, have you seen her? Do tile 4lend returin from their graves? My dear boy, let tle send for Doctor Ilartrlght. You have got a brainfevorer." Chltwynd shook off Monk impatiently, and searched the conservatory In every nook andi corner, but he found ino trace of this strange visitant. lie dnshed out in .the 0arden, and Monk went with him, but they did not see again the slender, girlish, white. robed flgure of the seelning spectre. At leng%1h they re-untered the conservatory, the marquis poal and distracted, and returned to the drawing.room. lies Monk stood before tho,1ire, her chleeko again glowing, but there was a look of awful dread and horror still in her eyes. Sho lmagined that the spirit of the woman whom she believed she bald mur-4 dered had retulrned to haunt her for her crimec. In Iher firtst horror she had been a very coward. Siloe hadl crept away lpstalrs to her room, and had thtere given way to all her terrors. The old East Indian nurse hadl given her her 4sual remedy-a soothing draught-and had comforted her, and in. spired her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Miss Monk posessecl an Iron will and a remorseless nature. Nothing had, so far, stood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Ohetwynd. Now that lie was fairly won, and again betrothed to her, slh determined that not even n visitant from the other world should take him from her, Hi4ving thus resolved, she returned to the drawing.room only a momerit before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. She welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, she swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried out: Ohl; Roy I why dihl you throw me from you ? Why didl yo dart away so abruptly? You frilghtened fille. HIow 4oy heart beats stilll What is the mattcr?" "Did you not see Bernolo?" he asked. " Were you not also looking at yonder archl. way ?" " I was looking at the archway," replied the consummate actress, "but no one was near it, Roy. What do you mean by your allusion to Bernice? It cannot be that you fancied you saw her ?" "I thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange.. I could have sworn that Irbe. hold 4my lost wife. And ycu did not see her? Can it have been an allusion ? Gilbert was standing near the doorway of the con servatory, and lie says that no one came in or wentoutby that way." Sylvia swept a sudden, keen glance at her brother; but hie face was impassable. She determined to have an interview with" him upon the subject later. Chetwynd was staggered in his belief. Ie put his hand to his forehead, saying, hollowly : "Can I have been tistaken 7 WYn' it all a freak of my overexcited brain ? It is easier tobolieve that than to believe that the dead can return. And yet, could my imagination 4have pictured her in all that splendour of loveliness, in the glory of aperfected beauty, the lustre of a beauty such as I have never seen ? I cannot explain it." lie leaned against the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm In a caressing fondness. "Gilbert," she, said, proudly, "my place is here, at ltoy's sidet, henceforth. tMay I tell ha1,ltoy),1? Yes? Listen then, Gilbert. Our old betrotlal--loy's and mine-is re newed. We are to be married--Roy and "I congratulate you, ChetwvynI, upon having won a' true 4nnd loving heart," said Monk, extending his hand to the marquis. "This renewal of old relations will assuredly prove for the best. suplpose Sylvia won't mind my telling you now that sh1e has loved you all along with a rare devotion. I hope you two will be happy." "I am not myself yet," said Lord Ohet. wynd, with a troubled smile. " I seem sod. denly to make the discovery that I have nerves. I'll go to my room, if you'll kindly excuse me, Sylvia. I am greatly fatigued after my journey," and he withdrew, going i4 to thel rooms he had occupied with Ber Gilbert Monk made a movement to with. dw into the conservatory, but Sylvia do. him. iHe was anxious to search the ands, in hopes of discovering IBernice, /3d be submitted to his detention with an "il.grace. " What do you want 7" he asked, with an exhibition of surliness. 'I want to know if you were in the con. servatory during some fifteen minutes prc vious to Lord Chetwynd's 'optical illusion ?"' demanded Miss 'Monk, with sarcastic em. phnals. M31onk replied in the afihrmativo, " And you saw no one eteror or go outl" I?lnk h ostened to utter a negative. "'I ucn't hbelheve you," eild (14r urnled Sylelo, with consollr.ble 44 ra1deness. ' I iou4wo o better. I tat the g1ost, if it was a 4haost, 4 o1l 4 di044 r4u. Ihat 4 y3ar obrject lnl denyh'34g the toct to eeoc!" I hovu u hosbject. I suw no ghost, and I cann wcer to 40y 10nial, If y'044 choose. Yo0 n4lst h4tave been roealing 34Irs. Or44we. Yo' w0o04hldo 1 lettr to think of the great v 0ctory you 144v0 won0. 1 advise 3o0 to l4'itet yo4r nlerrhl4.,e. I ]iov'u nearly ru4 te4rou44limy thousand 14o04n4l4, 4044d I wurt 4ore0. Y4o, remeluber t0a0t yotlt promised so an an0u01ty of a thonilnn0d pounlde on your becomnllg L4dy Ohetwynlld. HIurry up the 4marriage. Thlatis toy advloe." 1h4 kissead his fingers to her carelessly, a4ild 4l4u4n4terId aw40y into the con servatory. Miss Monk looked after him witli a puzzled frown. "I wis1h I 1hnwv what sc0ele41 occupies him now," se 1though1t. " Gilbert has changed darilg the past yeur. I must confess he is getling too deep for me. I can't fathom him. What prompls hhn to deny thlat he saw that figurn in whlitu? If it was a spectre, he must have seen it, sinca it was visible to both ltoy and me. If it were not a spectre, what was it On my soul,I believe Gilbcrt knows." WVith this conviction Miss Monk went up to her own rooms. ShIe found old Itagee in thle dresing-room, jest unlouking tile doors of thle precios Eaost I4ndi4ncabinet, Tlhe ol0 n0a31 started at Miss Monk's entrance, and Ilasteled to lck tbh doors olpning into the hall. She then returned to1 t1e cabinet, and opened thie secret coaipnrtmncnt and took oat the tiny gold box of rare East Indian What are you goi0g to do ?" asked .Miss uIook, sinking into an easy chair. " I 11 1t t," ~ ,u thi It i l, iii ! .b1"I .I , ,' rI hIis n taI m il li l v itll ," Iu t 1i ,luII l II ILI, Iu . " I f, el i ay , It's ril, l tl s yt that 'll,,t. It uli llh l'msibll thulI' I ll t e Itnlsntali Ill the vlia, lut I ite ul lone sl, , i I hui l miyll n nllislankn tho girl would hrov died Ill m.er couin all the ntwo eal-is he oullt havtr Irecvuiul hu bue cusr cnS Iloss, ait the uiI ofll threu days. It's alright Misny, but I'll jot nlnku sure," llla l.nk waI tihu her lntuntnllt with hclguht intercsl, while the ayuh opwc nd the two vlill we have just buturc described. "yThoer wlro one hfelt rd gbuto loesok eacht" mttered the old wvoman. 11 took SLook at of vial nulmbe tbr luavinge saidty nin.ss will count them ," She procotded to do so. "It's alrlght," snlhee anllnoulned. There are jsllt llinetyine rs ini kng. I cant cItell wliat owno mun flayinsh, but just as soon tai you spre-oke of the ghserost fel desire to lookei at these vials," 11ook at the vial number throe," said Mise Monk. " Still, that's gleaml nonsense. It's alright, only thser's one thing surale, ingeo--Gilbert knows something About that ghost, or whatever t wasly to evearts he cow nothing. I wish I knew what game of isee own he wai playing There's ond. thing sure-he knows lthesecreithatof that usle teri. ous intrlrderof to~nighit. The ohl ayah's weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light. anhere te olhurriy eized upon the third vial, opened It, and began hastily to count 1ts contents, A look of dismay came over her faco when sIle hal finished. , Can't you make it count right ?" asked Mliss ounk with sudden interest. "There's only ninety-eight globules here," answered the old woman, blankly. "And there were a hundred ?" "Exactly that-a hundred in each vola." " You may have dropped is couple ;" and Miss Mnk began to search. "Stay, Missy," said the old nyah, In a tone of deep slgnllficance. "Answer me a question : Was Gilbert at home on the the lay that Lady Ohetwynd was taken Ill f" "Yes. Don't you remember that lie was in my boudoir beforudinnoer?" " Was he In your boudoir before we opened tills cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Chetwynd ?" " Yes; he went out, and I called you, and we came In hero." " Ah I And he was back in three day's time ?" "Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Ohetwynd was dead. You knew all this. Why do you ask so many unimportant questions ?" "Simply to confirm my own suspllcons and remembrances," said the old woman, her black face growing yellow. Missy, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger that scents blood. He suspected ius. When he went out from your room that day lie must have slipped in here. The doors we,e locked, it is true. Ilowdid he get In? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk. Hie hid In there; he heard all we said. I remember I went to my own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicious complete and deepen thenm into dead certainty. If you had been absent from this room a moment-" Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. " I was absent," she ejaculated. "Lady Chetwynd camine to the door of my boudoir for a piece of music." "Then all is clear. Gilbert changed the globules, and took anu extra one out of this vial number three. iHe was back in three days. IIe gave her ladyship more of the drug. She was busied. He rescued her. lie has hidden her, somwlhere all these months. Lady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady Ohetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night I" OHAPTER XIII. A'DISTUIIBING PRESE2NCE. The announcement of old Itagee's in. stinctive conviction that Lady Ohetwynd lived, and that it was herself and not her spectre Sylvia Monk had seen, was deo. livered with a startling vehemence that for an instant almost carried conviction also to Sylvia's heart. She looked appalled. The handsome ~wnrthy face lost its deep red stain in cheeks and lips; the dull black eyes opened wile in an expression of titter terror and abhorrence. " Alive I Bernice alive I" she whispered, hollowly. "Impossible I" " Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbort Monk should have circumvented our plans," said old Itageo, nodding her turbaned head, her witchlike features working convulsively. "I did not suspect him of being so deep,hut depend upon it he wais hid in these rooms upon that day so long ago when we planned Lady Chetwynd's death, and lie chanced the globules, and lias now in his keeping the globules you should have given young Lady Ohetwynd." " I don't believe it,' said lises Monk, with sudden vehemence. "I tell you it is not so. I would rather believe that I saw a ghost to.night than that I saw the living ernlice hbetwynd. I can prove to my own satisfaction that it was not Bernice. If it were the true Lady Chetwynd In the body, where has she been all these fifteen months since her burial7" "Gilbert might have kept her out of sight, for purposes of Ilis own." If.it had been Lady Chetwynd in the flesh," demanded Sylvia Monk, ', why did she not speak? Why did she not rush inlo the room and throw herself in her hlusband's arms?" The old East Indian woman shook her head. The question was to her also unanswer. able., Sylvia Monk's face began to glow with a certain triumph. "Ah, you cannot anewer," she exclaimed, with a thrill of jubtlanuce in hier silvery tones. "Il thought not. And Gilbert was too unmoved and quiet to have suffered recent alarm. You have made a mistake in counting, or there were not oritiually one hluudreu globules in each vial.," dcOCclarcedl Sylvia, posltively. " \a have been scared bayoid ail reason. Wa will bweitchfiil of Gilbert, but I ant perslladed that I sawe i spectre to.night." She leanedl hack on the cushliuns of hlier chair in a deliciuus content. Old llagela lockled up her tiny gold box cf deadcl ly dirugs, andl restiored themn to the secret comllart menet of thebo Indian cabinet. As she loched the aliver-molunted door of thle liaier, and p,,ished the slitver-mounated hltlrly into its slace over tihe intriente lock, she shook hler weird turbaned hceadl and n uttered, in atone too low to reach Siylvin's cars : "If Missy is satisflid, let her remain so. But as for me, I am not satisoled. I'll watch Gilbert. I'll examine his trunk and clothes in search of the missing globule. I i'll1 dog himi like his shadow. I'll know if a spectre has come to haunt OChetwynd P'ark -if some strange woman Is personating Lady Chetwynd--or if hler ladyslip is alive. If she's alive, there'sdanger for us ahead, and I mest be on my guard to meet It. If she's alive, she'll not be living long." Tie old woman set her lips togetller grimly, and n menacing look gleamed in her small, furtive eyes. While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself into a falso security, and wh[lle oll Riageo was determining to probe the mystery that was so fraught with danger to her idoloised young mistress, the lord of Olhetwynd was in his wife's rooms, a prey to the keenest agitation and distress. He had walked throughf the long- dleserted rooms, noting that everything was preeely as Bernice nad left it. HIere was her favorite chair by the hearth of the boudoir; hera was her desk; there was her books, heli sketches; in yonder was her open dressing. case, with its gold mountings, its cit.glase 4i , .11 4 , Ll 111 ;" 1111 1 ; 11.11. . ,I rl.. 1. i l11 ., .. 111111, h111)14 1ll 1lf Iin I)I' i. 1 IOI.i . . .111 1 III I I" . I II III;. I1111' 11 4 h' 1111 $L111'1 , Thu Illlll 1 lllh I ll lll.1 inr lh t u with h lr ir 11e 11il lill, jllh 1W l 1I hull '?'p11114l) 1 11 1 ll h 1 1r 4 4?41 1 1 from I c 1111hir, or I.i't4 i o a ', the dour, I i h iLn 444111 1o l o ilen 1 ( iell l er1 o1 j114 t lll it 1 lUn I 4114ly Ivi11, IHl vIllleI f4or hUI lll lt I elll l g elosed rouils, U11ile the fire1 huri ed 1141w. Ti'htl, with hhis 4 ti4lll4 e 1 l lxii ty nd1 reisthliollilis I'll lll ui l h11i he1 rtllelld to lernlce's b1ul. lul tiebur, Thle bied wlla the aline io whIen she hault sed to ocunpy It. le knult Ilown by te hy with closed a eyes, a b vllnd. rIolr itdanl ng lime hill knelt thred us an woraduually a grow cin with thle cphnlesi of hi hi daroused. udtlnelso l wlld itui 0d4wn ti gas ligt, by a soft dim hll light lor which every object lit the room was il$s. tihl.ly visible, d nd thn he flling y d tslf, fully dresed upon softly a low h before the hlearth, 11o coils not hdepl In thes. ed in which he hliy oved that Irns ikce had lent, d. lie lay with closedc eyes a travlling rAng drawn over him. agan h was tired and wornhad seend gradually befor sense of sleepness stole over i m, andl he dozed uneasily. loved was aroused suddenly, with a swift. ness of thought, by a soft touch on his fore. hstlld. th did not open hi eyes, and thbeen touch desened again, was regarding softly as a now flakine falls, upon hisand monust ed lips The toirh was lightly chspil but Itno ws lik a silent, lutteri ki.out t young l He stirred-he opened his eyes. And then ho saw again the vision that he IlI behold Bernice.-Bernice in the develop. ment of a magnificent and splendid beautyd s-with the tender, Innocent eyes re had loved ; with the sensitive month ; with the lith, light, graceful figure spran wearinp grom till the white robes n wiftch sretre had been buried. lie lay still, scarcely daring to breathe.ng room doShe had glided from him to thewyn distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an ineffable love and anguish. Sihe opened iter mobuth ti to speak, butno word n. Sh espread her bred arms as If to enf; old SBernice " cried ou the butlo yo ung lord, In shbutrp, she ndrill voice. "of rnic sptrangek to tmIt. She shook her head sorrowfully, and slowly peatr in eated towards his dressing. With n startling cry, he sprang up from his couch and bounded towrard her. She encased ontinud her swift retreat, looking backward ghtened, himl over her shoulder with that radiant face of love and sorrow, and disappeared in the dressing room. The door closed behind her. C ietwynd dashed itbopen, but the vision was gone. e expknokored at ile athroom adjoining;r, he ran out into the grspont hall, the door wa ding into it front the bathrnn, being unlocked ;ot the seare. d th great empty guest.chambers, but e found no trace ofa his strang visi tant. fromis search aroused Miss Monkigt, and he appeared in a scarlet dressing.grown, her feet encasturned in slippers of white down, look sng frightened, while old ageildpeered over "er shoulder burglahetwyrs, aologied for nroushig Sylvia, and made some unintel. lblgblo excuse, but kept up his wild search, Heyl knocked at Gilbert lbonk's door, but there o;ae is no rthesponse. The door was un lockmeting, and liae entered the rto loom. A light and afire were burning, but Monk was not there. Considerably puzzled at Monk's absecee from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the hownll, whre Sylvia still stood, wondering and bewildered. "of id you hear burglars, oyt Lo cried Sylvia Monk. "Is not Gilbert In his room 2" "No ; he is not there. I-I fancied Isaw something, Sylvia, and I came to look. That's all. Good ni s floo all th g ght." tie s it-was It the spectre again, Roy ?" iYes, said Chafetwynd, desperately. "in fancied that I saw her once more. Good night." on went into his rooml s and closed his doors, and liss Monk, in great perturba. tion, retired to her own apartments. The two women argued themselves into n state of calmness after a little, but Lord 11 of wynd walked his floors all the long night, and , ather lt and listened , and waited. But Gilbert Monk, after leaving his sister in the drawing-room, had hurried out of doors, its we have said, ill search of Bernice. The one great idea that possessed himo was to sled her. 0le comprehended that lae stood upon the brink of exposure. the searched the lawnto the shrubbery, the rocks overhanging n tle hoseas all the strip of bech, the heat anwid bath houses, and to releae her trated far into te park, peepiang into nookse will and glades and coverts, but he did tot find her, ident hurried in anti out among theany otherk shadows of the trees for hours, and at last the conviction came to him that she had in some way eluded him. CShe may be hidden in not house all this while," e thought. "Sh brave mayndav gone to my room to plead with me to release her from her avow. Little Puritan I She will not da the break her sworn oatwhich not to reveal her identity to Chetwynd, or any otherwin without any perisg si person. She is truth hiself But what a test for her, to stand before Oetwynd toinight, and not be able tosp, ak to him I The girl's as brave and true as she is beautiful." to acted upon his new Idea, hurrying into thsehouse andi up to his rooms. It was past eleven o'clockl, nd ithe lights werL of Lll turned off' or be was no one In the great hall, into which the faint loonllght col treai,"ed through the end win like a0lr colod to have bien latuely stirred to a brighter leia e hby an unskilal hanu e was sIre 111 itee ind stolenr he erer. his laelti ced ad hadl uoil .tietl .t10 ,ln mig erltoar 0 lelly, i 4 an IIlule o imodelt O4 ahn1 1'uovcloir ll 0t 4 n l 11d44144rds cr, 04411 sawIher 4or'her a )l1104ara0i1"' 114 it h111 0il11 wore 11a 111111 she ;11d not 1on01. T'ie gleat clock :t01uok 4140 h111i1 of twvelve, hilt still llriitCeO did ilot co410. d olkik waited until a great fear came to Iiml that 1 lc1rnic m1iglllt have entered her old roomles--might Ihave seel her husbanrd tIhere -and carried away iy the suplremale ecstasy of the moment, anld her joy at seeing him, miglrt have permitted him to clasp her iu his arms. A col1 sweat spraug to MIonk's visage. He pulled off his boots anld put on a pIair of cork?soled slippers, lnd then stole out agasin into the hall. I1e crept to the various doors opening into the hatll from Lord Chetwynd'ssuite of private rooms. lie was certain that Chletwynd was in the bed.chamber. The lc soand of gentle and egular breathilng be- I came at last perceptible. Ohetwynd was within-asleep. 13erniFe was not there. Yet ho waited, watching, listening. Ilow the minutes dragged l At last ihe heard, or fancied he heard, soft footfalls upon the carplet withil--thle rustle of a woman's silken dress. 1How his hleart beat now I tic beot closer still altile key.nole. All I now lie hIleard the cry of Chotwynd as he started up from his sleep-tIlhe nale of i Iernies I She was thvre I lionk coul4 have heat upon the door in I his agony. lIe was sure that all was over now-that lrnicoe hal broken lher oath- that she had revealed Iher livig pIresence to her husband. Whiat remained for him but flight ?-(To 'e Contliled.) 