WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By Mis-. Braddon. Authorcl"J.ady Audley'sSeoret," "Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men's Shoes," "Cut by the County," "Taken at the Flood, " Weave;b and Weft," " One Thing betdful," " Mohawk?," &c; , &o.; CHAPTER XXIV. A UUlOSlY EETEOSl'KCI. Pedro Peru and hi* beautiful wife started for M&drid; upon the evening after their marriage. They travelled with all the osmfort that wealth can give. Dolores had her mother and her maid as dnenna and attendant They went to the best hotel in Madrid, where, at the instigation of his wife and mother-in-law, Perez engaged the handsomest suite of roomi upon the first floor. His diead of ridicule, his jealous doubts and suspicions prompted him to hide the Jtreasnre that he. baa won for himself; bat tome natural pride intervened, and he oonld not refrain fiom showing himself in thefashionable drives and promenades, with his lovely young wife by MB side. Gradually it became known to all the financial world of Madrid that the beauiful girl who went about with Pedro Perez was actually his .wife, and visits of ceremony' and congratulation became frequent in theamber satin salon nu premier. Madame Perce accepted the situation with perfect* eqanimity, and' showed to better advantage h a wife than asaheauttfpl bud in a gilded cage. If ahe was net-happy she waa atJeait better contented .with herself, and her life than ahe had been in tin Sue 3b GuiUaume. So far from .repenting his mamagePerqz giew daily more devoted to his wife and more .anxious to make her happy, He' submitted lo all Madame Quij*ad»i -oxaotltwifc and allowed -himself ^to be ed by the nose by his motber-inlaw as well as by his wife; and in-thia happy disposition he returned to Paris,- where he' at onoe oootpled himself in the task of selecting a fitting home«(ar the lovely youngwtfe of a millionaire,. \- Everybody whom he knew In Paris bad heard of his marriaf{e,""ai[d he had to endure the congratulations of hia acquaintances, whioh, as he was parUoulaily shy, were . ~ " - J *»» endure a <mod ftgony to bim. no tun* — - many sly thrusts in the papers, and more than one caricature of La belle it la bete; but he bore it att, and after a week fit two consented .to mount an elegant Victoria with a pair of natehless blacks, and to eho»- himself in the Bo is at the fashion* 1 - MedT*-^ - utacks was being looked for. .—o Quijada and iter daughter being of opinion that* stable to be distinguish^ must be all of one colour. - ' After looking at a good many' houses Perez finally decided upon one in the somewhat solitary Avenue Reiffschossen, whioh had been built ior a {amour actress during the palmy days of the Empire—the avenue being then known as the Avenue Hoitense—and whieh was at least a mile from the Aro du Zrhunph. The house stood at some distanoe from the road, and was oonoealed by a thick screen of acacias and other ornamental trees and shrubs. The garden had been carefully laid out, and thestableshadbeen;the particular care of the first proprietor, who was a connoisseur in equine arrangements. This Italian villa, with its grounds and dependences, had oost a fortune, but it was offered tp Pedro Perez for about a fourth part of the original cost. He liked the property, in the first tdace because it was a bargain, and in the seoond plaoe beoause its solitary position gratified his idea of retirement with the wife of his choice. He did not want to live In the heart of Paris, { where. Dolores might be enoouraged to s«t up a salon, ana where the men heknewmlght find it too Convenient to visit his handsome" wife. That solitary Italian villa, with Its screen of foliage, inconveniently remote, from the busy haunts Of men, was the very home he desired. - Dolores her motherhoth admired the house, and both oomplained of its surroundings, The neighbourhood waB a desert. It was on the wrong side of the Bois for fashion and beauty. like all bargains, the prpperty vat hardly worth having, ' For onoe in a way Perez was resolute with his charmer. - He would buy that house and ao other. "If yon would rather go on living In the Bue fit. GuUlaume," he said, "I won't interfere." .. . "I detest the Bue'St. GuiUaume," replied Dolores petulantly, so the Italian villa in the Avenue de ReiffschoBsen was bought, and Dolores was allowed to furnish the new house after her own fanoy, and without any consideration of oost. Only In one matter did her husband exercise his authority, and that was in the choice of the household. All the servants were engaged by him at an offioe in Paris; but he allowed Louise Maroet to assist him in his choice, and to be present during the negotiations. She was to be housekeeper in the new villa, having shown a talect for management and eoonomy In the P"" s>, GuiUaume. Madame Qufjaaa was „ i... J to ohoose her own Buite of apartments on the ground floor, in a wing beyond the prinoipal rooms, which were vestibule, dining, and billiard-room, Dolores had her boudoir, bedroom, dressing, and bathroom on theupfter or noble floor, while her husband had a corresponding set of rooms on the same floor. There were two small rooms at the back of the house, divided only by a narrow passage from the finite oooupied by Doleres, and these were appropriated to Madlle. Jkfarcet, as sitting-room and bedroom. A servants' staircase at the end of the passage brought her in close rapport with the offices below, and enabled her to exercise a useful snrveillence upon the household. The servants' bedrooms were on an upper story, almost hidden by the classic ornamentation of thereof. Anopenloggia'dividedtheapartments of the master and mistress of the house, and formed a means of communication in summertime and a neutral ground where husband and. wife might meet in their idle hours, Dolores was full of plans for decorating this loggia in sin Oriental style, so soon as spring and summer should revisit the land. A Parisian winter did not promise much enjoyment from an open loggia, however architectural and Italian. The Installation in the villa took place very -quietly, though both mother and daughter had suggested a ball, or at least an evening party, in honour of the pendaison de la cremaiUere, Perez reminded tnem that they knew scarcely half a dozen people in Paris, and asked where their guests were to come from if they were tagive a party. "Madame Perez has only to bold up her finger in order to fill her Balon," replied Madame Quijada, with dignity, " or, in other words, you have but to-say to one of the best-known Parisians at your club,' My wife is going to give a party, and I want you to send out two or three hundred cards of invitatiBn on her part,' and the thing is done. We shall give music, supper, and wines that people talk of for a week; and after that everybody in Paris will want to come to the Villa Perez." "A iery excellent way of squandering money, ana oourting discomfort, answerec Perez tartly. " I bought the villa for my wife and myself, not for all Paris." " I foresee that we dhall be as dismal here as we were in the &ue; St. Gulllaume," sighed Madame Quijada. who did not forgo a mother-in-law s privileges of saying disagree able things, Finding that sObiety was still forbidden fruit, Madame Quijada sunk into aalough of seasons pleasures, and rejoiced in the luxurious surroundings, her daughter's cordon bleu, and her son-in-law's wine oellar. She began to regard thtf midday dejeuner and the 7 oclock dinner as the two chief events of the day/ She did-ample justice -to the pro duoe of Burgundy and Boraeaux, taor did she ever forgo the dainty goblet of Chartreuse or Curafoa, whioh marked the close of the meal —a mioature goblet from whioh Titania herself might have drunk, only Tintania would fcardljrhtve refilled the glass so often. In the afteropOQ Qaijadft enjoyed her ^trne BpaniiL iaa'mon,' In tbe even I axes*. ins ahe ~ vaB — mCFe ftfert, — and - - " fclayed^nsro -rwf^^r^ -with' feet daughter tor ftmall stakes, whieh she gem?tally TO, Jfttyra would aot play there was always the souffre douleur i Louise, who few* the wbple obarge of the Jurasehold on her shoulders, tod who had to please the three people who consttttitea the family. Madame Quijada had given offer the entire dnty of housekeeping to her niece,, and rarely rose from her easy chair except to diive out in her daughter's Viotoria, or to go to a theatre in the luxurious ooup6, when Perez was disinolined to esoort his wife. Nothing had been heard of Leon since hia disappearance, and his aunfs most earnest hope was that she would never see his face or hear hit name again. There wereepuoaes In her life whibh she wanted to forget, now that ahe had attained to that respectability which wealth oan give in a moment to the. most doubtful antecedents. It was in search of oblivion that she filled and refilled the little Venetian goblet after dejenner or dinner; and there were times when she felt that all the Chartreuse the good monks ever distilled would hardly be Btrong enough to drown certain haunting memories. Perez Peru noted his worthy mother-inlaw's indulgence In the pleasures of the table, and remarked upon it to his wife. " If you don't look after her better she'll take to drinking.," he said one evening, as they drove to a boulevard theatre, leaving Madame Quijada sitting opposite Louise at tbe little oara table, with flushed cheek and glittering eye. Bib, if she has jmt une pointt now ana then it can't matter," replied Dolores, carelessly. " Her dinner is the only thing that amuses her. You won't let us give parties, cr know any amusing people. You hare banished even the poor old Duturquea. They were dull but they were alive, ana they were bfttpr company than chairs and tables.'' " You ace very ungrateful, Dolores," Perez answered, with a piteous look, "I have refused you nothing, except to change my canner cf lifo. I have always loved solitude, and hated strange faces. I should not be a millionaire if I had not possessed the power of self concentration, of living on my own thoughts," " But now you are a millionaire—and three times a millionaire—jou ought to enjoy life," *' To enjoy life is to live quietly with you— to have you all to myEelf, not to see you surrounded with young people, who would despise your old husband, and teach you to despise him. You talk about giving balls, Dolores. Can you not conceive what torture it would be to me to see yon dancing with young men—handsome, fascinating, unprincipled, relentless in their pursuit of the women they admire ? Men who would talk of yon at their clubs, compare you with the vilest of your sex, disouss your every charm —lay wagers about you—as to who should be your favoured lover, and how soon you could be persuaded to dishonour your husband, I oould not endure to see you admired, knowing what admiration means among the young libertines I meet at my club. You cannot understand what an old man's love is, Dolores—how jealous, how exacting. You forget how i>oor a recompense age ever gets for its devotion to youth." " I don't mean to be ungrateful," Dolores answered with a .deep sigh, and' then she turned her head away from hex .husband, and.etudied the passing carriages, $he flaneurs upon the broad asphalts pavement, the glitter and'«plendour of the shop-windows, shops ftf&t; seethed" designed "only" for the acoommodation of millionaires. -. She was going to the theatre'in all her gloryof jewels, diamond-stars in her hair, a necklace of single stones, each gem worth a rosidre's dower, diamond serpents In single, double, and treble ooils winding -up her slim round arm. She wore a simple evening toilette of some black gauzy material, but the Chantilly lace upon her gown was only second in value to the gems on her neok. When a beautiful young woman marries age j and —- ugliness —O--—>BHM the least BMW she can VAU do UU to bu aBsert HHBCn I the olaims of " beauty " JB " to ' spend -- her husband's - - -- I money royalty. . • - The theatre was the Amb»<\- , comedy of Sardoa'-*-_ <•*» wherea new where \- -»»a juBt made a hit, ana n - raris was crowding nightly. *soiores was amazed when she found that the box that her husband had secured for her was only a small one on., the pit tier, where neither her beauty nor her diamonds could be adequately sisen, -He had his old fancy for these shadowy little boxes, where it pleased him to hide his enchantress from the vulgar eye, but-in-spito-of these jealous pre- cautions Madame "Perez was'alreaay known and talked about as la btUe aitx diamonds. Her husband's reputation as a triple millionaire gave a special interest to her jewels. People gloated upon gems which might have cost half a million, if Perez please. He could have spent half a million, rednoed his fortune by a sixth, without feeling any poorer. "He could make aB much in a week if he chose to start a new mine," said the fl&news; on the Bourse. " He has but to write, a prospectus, and. the money jours in like water. He has a GjU.,.: la in lis ink-pot." - - - While Perez and his wife were laughing at Sardou'e biting wit, Madame Quijada was winning Louise Mareet!s half-francs by her astute and studied play. .Lionise took no interest in the game—indeed hated all games of cards—and only played «s a part of her duty In that honse.where she was .the shadow of everybody else's sunshine. They had played nearly an hour and a half when the elder 'woman threw down the oards with an impatiibnt sigh, insteid of 7 dealing them. >' ' " We have played long enough for to-night, Louise; I am tired of winning ouch miserable stakes. How ghastly the eilencepf this house is 1 Nothing but the titiK, tickr tick of thit clook on the mantlepieoe, and the crackling of Ithe logs now and then. You may get me a finser of fine champagne. I feel very low to-night. This house^"killing me." M Yon ought'to .'be much e^Bler ifl your mind now that your daughter has been placed in an honourable position—now that yonr conscience is atpeaoe upon heraocoout." said Louise, gravely. ' "My oonsoienqel Dont preach to me about obnsdenoe, I have done with all supentltipur bugbears. I finished with trambefore^TleftMaiseillea. I haye never entered* chrntfh since ay marriage. I was overdosed with , religion "in my girlhood. I married a clever man, who man taught me to laugh at the old fa|>lep." " And were yon happier, do you think, for abandoning the ,old pathways?" asked LoniBe, gravely, arranging the cards, with her eyelids oast down, aa if she hardly liked to meet her aunfs eyes while Bhe spoke of eacred things. " Happier! Happy—happier—happiest! ThoBe are idle words, child. I don't believe anybody is happy. I don't believe in the existence of happiness." " Oh, you are wrong, aunt'! There are moments, houra, days in this life perfectly and beautifully happy—days to whioh one looks back afterwards as to a dream of Heavendays to which one looks forward after death, hoping that God will give us back that happiness in Heaven. Those brief days are balanced by long years of misery; but they have been—they have bean. There is nobody on this earth who has not once been happy. The word is not an idle invention." " Well, I suppose I was happy in my time —happy that Easter night when Quijada followed me home from the church door, and talked to me while my mother walked on ahead witb my elder Bister, your mother, little suspecting that I had aa admirer making love to me under cover of the darkness. He was only clerk to an avoui, but thoBe who know anything about him said that he was one of the cleverest young men in Marseilles, and as my parents were only sm all shopkeepers they did not make many objections to my marryinghim. We iutd only a conple of rooms to live' In, and thirty francB a week to live upon: but it was all bright enongh for the first year; and then, I found ont things about my clever young husband. There was more money, but it was'nt come by very honestly, and we had to leave Marseilles one night in secret, never to go back there. We same to Paris, of course—everybody comes to P&riB; — and Dolores was born in a little street near St. Germain l'Auxerois, where we struggled on somehow—till the end came for my husband, the bitter, crnel end. Are you ever going to get me that mouthful of oognao ?" " Yes, yes, aunt, but indeed you would bs better without it " How dare you dictate to me ? I am sick and faint with thinking of my wretched past. Get me some cognao this instant 1" Louise left the room and returned with a tiny carafe and Titania's Venetian ..goblet. She did all she could to discourage her aunfs growing propensity for alcohol, but she was only a dependent. She might remonatrate, but Bhe was compelled to obey. " He was arrested at a low dancing plaoe, among men and women of the vilest character, men who were like bad women, women who were like vicious men," pursued Madame Quijada, eagerly helping her- Belf to the oognac with a tremulous hand. " Why dwell upon those bygone troubles? I know all about the sad atory. "It does me good to talk—anything is better than the silence of this ghastly roDra— white and gold—so white, eo cold, so cheer less, like a room meant for ghosts. It is a relief to talk of what I suffered in thoBe days. He was arrested for robbery, swindling, a long series of frauds, and he was taken to risoo, I never saw him alive again. anged himself at daybreak, within two He E hours of his arrest—hanged himself with a silk handkerchief upon the iron bar of th? prison-grating before he. had even been examined by Ithe juge dinettuction, and before his jailers thought itjieoessary to take any nrA^ftntinm AERITNMH snim^A " precautions against suicide, * on were much to be pitied, aunt,' said LoSfee, pntting-away the neat little boxes of eaids* She had fcSird the story of her annt's marriage very often of late, lor Madame Qiijada had grown more loquacious in proportion as she indulged in aloohoL She did aot talk of these things to Dolores, who had been bronght up ,in Jgnerancp of her father's character—had. indeed, been brought up to believe that the defunct. Quijada was the scion of a noble Andalusian tamily, whereas the lawyer** .clerk of -Marseilles »as the eon of Za pettifogging lawyer, and the same Quijada had been only -adopted by DoloreB' mother when she went to Madrid. She found the name in a volume of Cervantes which she opened at random. " Ob, I have had a dreadful life, Louise. I have been surrounded by oriminals," cried Madame Qaijadaj after two or three little glasses, " Don't talk of it, aunt," repeated her niece, with a sudden vehemence. "You ought to be wiser than to talk to me of the past, knowing how much I have suffered— knowing that I shall never eeaeo to suffer from that bitter memory, that the very pre senoe of that man in the room stifles mo. ] cannot breathe when he i<i near me. I feel as if I must fall upon him and kill him, as he killed " " Hush, hmh 1" cried her aunt, looking apprehensively towards the door. " You are rinht. We ought never to talk of the past. It is dangerous, dangerous in every way. Heaven be praised, we have not heard of your brother for six months. We may never hear of bim again." " Ah, 1 always dread him moBt after an interval of absence, He will reappear as he ! ' has reappeared before—or, if not, we shall read of some crime that has been committed in come foreign city, and we shall know that it is his work. He has neither heart nor conscience. Can I ever foreet-, do you think, how he killed the man I idolized—the best and most generous of men? Can I e?er forget how he used my name—name for evermore hateful to me—as a lure to draw that good, brave man to his death ? And yet he dares to come into a room where 1 am—he dares to offer me his hand, red with the stain of murder." " You have nc right to fix that crime upon your brother," Madame Quijada exclaimed angrily. " There is nothing to identify him with the murder, absolutely nothing. Your name might be nsed by any one. The unfortunate man may have talked about you, boaeted of bis oonquest in the presenoe of his servants—of some French or Italian butler, perhaps, who, being in the hoB?e, would know all his master's intended movements, and all about the money which was to change hands that day. Servants are often agents— conscious" or unconscious— in crimes that mystify everybody. You have no right to associate Leon with the crime." " I have the right of my own conviotlon. I know as well that it was his hand thatetruck the blo^rasifl had been standing by when the murder was done. I have ho doubt about the murderer. What I want to find out is the identity of' the murderer's accomplice—before God and man as guilty aB the murderer himself. Who was the middleaged woman who met Robert Hatrell in the street, and- aBked him to go to Antoinette Morels deathbed! Who was-the woman who'used that lure? Who was the .elderly ErenchfromaA Whrfchatiged the English, banknotes "Oh the Riviera!. _Can you answer me those questions, aunt, you whoBe> bread' I have eaten—the bitter bread of dependence— and whose slave I have been since my-illness left me unable to grapple with the outside world ? I have'been afraid to live anywhere, else—afraid to be among other people, tot in some ! momeht of dark thought L should betray my brother. He is of my own blood, and I have aworn to myself never to give him tip to justice." " "I7C ils L" . „, t<J toc, _ temDtuouslv. sec ' „. ."I* a«nf, eoneh> . - Why, you Safe not: one of proof against him. There is nothing but your brain-eiok fanoy to connect yo brother with that Englishman's death. Y are toqait, child, about Bobert HatrelL Your poor brain has never got over the fever that your sick fancies brought upon youi^nd one ought to be -patient- with yon, and let you talk any silly nonsense you-like. Luckily for your brother the police are not influenced by hysterical women. They want facts, hard facts; and there is not one fac% to'cmneot your brother, Claude Leon Motel, witii the crime~in Denmark-street" " Or yon with the mysterious accomplice, said Louise, " Perhaps not. Yet if tbat is eo why did you both change your names within a month of the murder? Why was I made to change my name from Morel to Marcet, and to assume my second baptismal name in plaoe of my first ?" " Your brother had made himself notorious during the Commutae. He was not included in the amnesty, and he could not return to France in his own name. He was supposed to have been shot with the others at Satory. His resurrection would have been dangerous." " Say that the false name meant nothing; but how do yon account for tbe sudden change from poverty to wealth? You and I were living in an attic in a wretched dirty street in one of the shabbiest, dreariest quarters of that great wilderness of brick where we had taken refuge after the troubles here. One day you disappeared without telling me where yon were going, leaving me just a line to say you were going away npon business and might be some time away. You left' me penniless, except for the pittance ; I was able to earn by working for a Jewish tailoring house, cruel work, which wore my fingerfe'to the bone. You had been gone a week wben I heard some women in the oourt where I lived talking of a murder. I could juBt understand enough English then to ' know what -they were talking about, but I listened heedlessly enough until I heard the name of Hatrell—not pronounced as I pronounced it, yet a great horror came over me at the thought that it might be the same name. It was not he who was murdered, I toldlmyself. I was an idiot to be so distTj-^d hy^iear, and. yet I oould not comrnaaa .myself or keep calm while I questioned the women. They couldn't tell me who the murdered man was—only that his name was Hatrell. Tbev said If I wanted to know more I had better buy a newspaper. I ruBhed out into the street like a mad woman, and it seemed to me as if I should never find a shop where they sold newspapers, though there were bundredB of shops in the long busy street. At last I found a tobacconist's where there were a lot of newspapers Btuok in a rack against the doorway. I took three of them, haphazard, and gave the Bhopkeeper the laBt threepence I had in the world—the pence taat were to have bought food for the day. I hurried back to my garret as fast aa my feet would carry me. I thought more than once that I should fall down in the street, for my knees seemed to give way under me. I would not truBt myself to look at the papers till I was safe in my own hole, like a wounded animal; and then I bolted my door and sat down npon the bare boards and unfolded one of the newspapers." " Why go over all this old ground, Liuise ? A little while ago you reproached mo for dwelling on the past; and now you arc harping upon old sores. You have told me the storv often enough." Louise had begun to pace the room in an agitated manner as she talked, while Madame Quijada Bank deeper into her luxurious armchair, and sat there looking up at hernicoe with an awe-stricken countenance, aa if she had been Nemesis. Time was when she would have put down all such speech as this with a high hand; but the growing habit of brandy and chloral bad weakened her energies, She who once held so firm a maBtery over daughter and niece was now powerless to control either. "I will talk of these things. You have kept me long enough in miserable silence and submission. I [have been your drudge—nst because I feared you, or valued the house you have given me—but beoause I care nothing for my life, and would as soon be a servant as an empress, But there are times when the memory of the past is too strong for me. I want you to know what I suffered while I was alone in that garret. The room comes back tolme in my dreams sometimes with a hideouB reality, and I fancy I am sitting there in the hot summer afternoon, stitching, stitching in hopeless monotony, as if I were a human machine. I must talk of that hideous past. It is in my mind, always; it is a part of ma." She walked to and fro in silence for a few misuteB, and then went on reoalling her misery, step by step, " The firBt newspaper that I opened was full of the Denmark-street murder—and the Denmark-street murder was the murder of Robert HatrelL I could read English much better than I could speak it, and there wai not one word of the witnesses that escaped me. I saw myiown name, (and understood that it was the name of his poor Antoinette which had lured him to the shambles in which he was to be killed. And then I knew that the murderer was my brother—my brother whose face I had not seen since the first few weeks after we came to London. I knew that the pretended watchmaker in Denmark- street was my brother, and that the woman who asked Robert Hatrell to go to the deathbed of a girl called Antoinette must be you, and only you. And I knew that because Robert Hatrell bed once been kind to me, and loved me a little, perhaps, i? epite of the difference in our stations, beoause of those few happy days of mygirlhood,hehaa begn trapped and mnrdered. It was not til! afterwards that I read about the changing of the noteB on the Kiviera ; but when I did I knew Tell enough that the grey-haired Frenchwoman was jou. I knew your shifty tricks well enongh in the past to know that you {would have no difficulty in disguising yourself and aping the manners of a woman of quality. That was months afterwards, when I was well enough to leave the French Hospital, where I was carried raving m%d with brain fever after starving in my girret for nearly a week, trying to work lrom daybreak till dark, and spending sleepless nights of agony, But for the refuge that Messed institution afforded me J must have died of - hunger In my garret, or been turned out of dsora to die In the street. My landlord was a cabdriver, and he had the humanity t> at me into his cab, burnt up with fev# and SeliriouB as I was, and drive metothehos pital, where he told them my story." " I sent you money as soon as I had settled at Madrid, where I went in the hope of get ting help bom an old friend." " Yes, yonr letter telling me to go to Madrid and enclosing the money lor the journey arrived after I had gone to the hospital. The letter was given me when I had recovered my senses, and wben I was able to travel I set ont for Spain. In Madrid I found you established ia very different qnartera to our garret in the Minories. Yoir old friend bad been very generbus to you. You who had been very nearly starving in London were able to make a very good figure in Madrid, tble to send your daughter to a oonvent-school, you who were living on bread and water before Robert Hatrell wae murdered. Do yon suppose I ever doubted where your money oame from ? I knew from the beginning that it was the price of blood, You called me mad when I refused to cat or drink with you while your prosperity lasted. You laughed at me because I preferred a crust of bread in my garret to your dainty fare. When your money was gone and you were again reduced to poverty my mind was easier, I oould better bear to live with you, and then I grew fond of Dolores— she at least was innocent of all evil— and eo I learned to bear the life." " Sou are a fool," muttered Madame Quijada hastily. " 1 have hea d ail thid rudomontade of yours so often thit I never think it worth my,while to argue with you, Jmt give mo you arm to help me to my room, bo'ore Dolores P.nd her husband come home from the theatre. These rheumatic knees of mine will hardly otrry me upstairs without RBBi&tance.; You are a fool, Louise. You might be a ir.ill;: cr's drud-e, toiling among a let of other u.udges at this day if it were not for your cousin Dolores and me." " I might bave been lying at the bottom o f the Seine long ago if it were not for Dolores," answered Louise, gloomily. "Her love has h°en the only bond that held me to life." 