THE? YOUNG FOLKS. JAPANESE CHILDREN. Owingtotheirlongrexelusiveoess, the"apanese race has many peculiarities wrhich are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their youth are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. These young people are intelligent and keen, but they are so much upo thle watch for our peculiarities chat it is easy to see they are not to the manner born; they are the creation of another civilisation, with aiffeent habits and customs. To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not pampered, and petted, and made into hothouse plants. Mothers work upen what is known as the toughening theory. Plenty of life in the open air, often in a state of nudity and with the head staved, is the common treatment. In the house balbies are left much to their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European homois not seen among the Japanese. Thick mats are almost the only adornment, and tehat makes a splendid playground for the little children. Superstition begins with a child's birth, and, in order to keep off the bogies, its first clothes must be made from a girdle which itsmotherl had worn previously, the material being dyed sky blue for that purpose. Among the wealthier families the "tecord of Ceremony" says that "ttwcnty-four baby robes, twelve of sdk atnd twelve of cotton, must be prepared, the hems being dyed saffron colour," and that when the child has been washed its body "imust be dried with a fine handkercldef of cotton unhemmed." The next important business is giving it a name. The childistaken to the temple and merelypresented there, without any religious ceremony. The father gives three names to tile priest, and he writes them on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, and then, with certainuforms, thrown into the air. The first that falls is thie closen name. This is written out on papcr and given to the child's parents to preserve. TIhe prtests at these times are usnally very liberally dealt with by parents in the matter of presenlts, and they are expectedto keepan accurate registry of the children pre sented at the temple. Then follows a family feast at home, at whichl tine the child receives certain specified presents; if it is a girl, a potof pomade; if a boy, two fans. In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a long life. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes may be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but they mutes be left oief on the one huo dred and twentieth, whlich is the time set for weaneing the child. rhere are elaborate cere monies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by hand begins then, if the child is a boy it must be fed by a gentleman of the family; if a girl, by a lady. When a boy is three years old a sword-belt is buckled on. When he is seven he has tn-wo small sworde put in it if he happens to beloug to the privileged class. Babies always hive the head shaved until they are fouryears old, then three little patches are grown. Children in Christi&n; lands are very fond of hearing stories like "Cinderella" and "Jack the GiantKiller," "Beauty and the Beast;" and, strange to say, Japanese babies hlave the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some also that are peculiar to them selves, like the story of the "Two Bamboos," which is hero givet: By the side of the bay of Yeddo, otn a beauti ful bank, grew two bamboo trees. Oee was tall, lusty, and stroeg : the other graceful, drooping, and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: "I shouldlika to Iknow what good you are! The smallest breeze makes you bend your head almostdouble and sigh with pain. Look at me! Idon'tcare what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. I can face them and feel the better for it." The slc ~cer bamboo, who was modest and retiring, splied: " Yes, we are each suited to oUr vocation in life. You will be a stout coolie pole." "Coolie pole, indeedl" snorted her companion, contemptuously. "hNot It nothing bat the mast of a junk for me." "And I," saidthe slenderbamboo, "Ishall be used to decorate a house at the New Year festival, if I'm to be used at all." "Don't count on that," roughly said the big bamboo. " Thoy'll make you into mats or something or otherlow. Why, you're fit for nothing else !" As he spoke a strong breeze came in from the see and made the w'aole hillside quiver and sigh-all but the stoutbamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say " Go on; it pleases you and don't hurt me," while the oorlittleone at his side bent, and swayed, an groaned to see so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twood- cutters came. "Orra! Orral"they cried. "LHoere's.a fine fellow for Hinashi's jnk!" " Toldyou so," whispered the big bamboo. "Now for life ! Anything rather than stop on this bank spend ing the best years of one's life in listemnag to yourgroanilngs." The axes were plied, and he fell with a thundering crash. M~eanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came to play under her shade, for they lend learned to love her, and called her their" Silver Spray." One day therewas a great hullabaloo in the plantation. "What is the matter ?"' asked the bamboo of her neighbour. " They are going to build a house here for the Prince of Tosa," replied the tree, " and we're all to be swept away." And the next day the wood-cutters came and theowork of destruction commetnced. Down upon the sand were throwni tlhe beautiful flowers and the graceful clustersof leaves. The little bamboo trembled and wondcred when her turn would come. At length the de strovers approachedher, and a man was swing eg sis axe em the air to give her the fatal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard: "No; don't kill Silver Spray-please don't i" The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they planted heron abank overlooking the sea. One day a t-readful etorm arise, the water was churned intto dark-green mountains of wraves, and in all directions junkts could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bambloo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. Next morning the shore was strewn with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even deadbodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days. badly bruised and cracked in many places. As the men dragged him to the foot of the garden he saw her and said: " Ah, I wish I had been a coolie pole !" And hle was cut np for firewoo', but the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and wlen she heanl boasting going on around her would often tell the story of her strong, lusty com panion. One or two hundred years ago the old fashioned unrses were not content with telling tales like "Cinderella" and the like, but there was a whole range of literature like the" Tale of Lord Lovell," and the " Babes in the Woods," and "IMary Ambree," and the " Witch Mother," and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far worse, for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. There is ntot an operatios of nature or a sismtild act ofdbaily life whlich has not an association of some weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They are everywhere. They not only appear in the dark, or haunted houses, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, such as hunger,pride, malice, revenge-every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for victims. Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely seo sewer-gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Wherewe see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old man under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity-it is not an int~angible shadow or a phantom on which you cannot lay hands, butitis a reality. It will eounterfeit mortality so cleverly that it handles tools, aed swords, and two bladed daggers just as effectively as a man; hence it is a more dangerous thihg to meet a Japanese ghlost tian one of those nerveless, bodiless, powerlecs ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian lands. Whatever shows itself tobe apower in nature isinvested with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a storm fiend tlat drives it-a malevolent, malicious, destructive, hateful being. One of the Japanese ghostsisa judicious and hitlly proper one. It belongs to wels and bodies of water; it has hlorrid arms and claw to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the mouths of wells and cisterns when he thinki of an awful water-sprite which is waiting tc drag him down. One of the cheerful ideas common to humanitj is that of the vampire-that. is, the spirit of the dead entering into a departed body and keepins it from decay by feeding upon the bodies ofthn other dead, or upon such living men or'womar as by their wickedness have lost the protectiot of the good deities and blessed', spirits Children are especially liable to their attacks and there is nothing the vampire likes so macl Sas the tender meat of little children; hene Tapanese children will not keep late hours or g near a place of burial lost a vampire should seica upon them and suck out ther life-blood and feed upon their tender flesh. As the ordinary food of the vampire is the body of the dead, and tile tid-bits from living beings only come as occasional feasts, the vam pire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, wifh wluch it digs its way into the grave. 