i The ordinary fortnightly mooting of the ! ! Avocti Volunteer Fire Brigade was held lust evoning. There was a good attendance, and Captain Glover presided. Several matters of : importance to the Brigade were considered, ' and the officers wuro appointed to select i teams to practice for the demonstration to be held in Sandhurst nest month. The nomina- ; tion of officers followed with tho residt that I there will ho a contest for tho whole of the 1 offices, with tho exception of tho positions of Secretary and Treasurer, thero being only one candidate nominated for each of those offices. The election of the officers takes placo at tho March meeting. The Maryborough and Carisbrook Turf Club has decided to hold its annual race meet ing ou the 20th and 27th of March. Mr \V. B. Ilodgetls has been appointed handienpper, and Mr J. 0. Wiltshire,, of Avoca, starter. These two gentlemen occupied the same position in the club' last; year. A mooting of. tho Avonn Firo Brigade Sports Commitlco was licit! at tho Fire Brigade station last evening, when there was a fair attendance of members. Tho programino committee submitted a prize list containing numerous and, varied events, and nftcr duo consideration the programme was adopted. The collectors reported that they had received upwards of £18, whilst they anticipated ob taining more than £20. After considering other business the meeting adjourned until the ,17th instant. Mr Jno. F. Patch, auctioneer, Avoca, yes terday conducted a most successful sale at the local Post Office, on behalf of Mr F. L. Gill, who has .been removed to Castcrton. Tliero was a fair attendance of buyers, and consequently, tho whole of the articles sub mitted realised good prices. ' Mr Paten also submitted for competition the Vale Hotel property containing 252 acres of land and the Hotol. Mr Powers of Avoca was tlio pur chaser at £1005. On Wednesday, the 12th inst., tho property, stock and other oft'ects of Mr P. Blanchiieid are to bo sold by Mr Paten, at the promises, about 2! miles front Avoca. Special attention is directed to Mossra Iluglies and Opio's advertisement which appears elsewhere. ; At the local police court yesterday a man named Dowsitt wiis charged by the police with being drunk and disorderly. Messrs Pinch, Snoll and Wiso J's.P., wore on the Bench. The unfortunate ' fellow was fined £5 or u month's imprisonment., Tho introduction oC'liiiyn tennis into America (says a New' York papor), was a piece of marked good fortune for tho Ameri can young woman. The national typo of a few yours ago was beginning to lean to gether too much towards the Frencli stan dard in matters physical, and tho American girl bid fair to become ns vaporous, nervous, and wasp-waisted as the most Parisian of Purisiennes. Fortunately tennis came into favor, and. as ovcrv tennis nluvar known tlin game means plenty of fresh air in the lungs, and a quickening of the circulation which' brings color to tho cliooks. Tennis, which tho wave of fashion seems to have washed rather to tho background in the Old Country, brought with, it a. popularity for other out door sports for womqrr,- and to it America owes a good deal of gratitude. Mrs Gladstone is only ono year younger than her husband, and m her early days was hardly known to the public , except through her devotion to her husband, but slio recently made a speech in a public meeting in Lon don in placo of her husband to satisfy tho ( expectancy of the crowd, when MrGladstono was too weary to bo present; 1ms. since .- laid the corner-stone of a clmritablo institution in .Wales, with a speech to .tho people in 'which she declared that sho was pioud to have been born a Welshwoman ; and has held a re ception of friends at JIurwardon Castle, to which they have hied for a. summer vacation. Certainly no woman in' England need con sider herself old until she is 80. ' The captain of the steum-luunch Virginia reports being chased for about 100 miles by -nn'itrimcnso shark, 40 feet long. On soveral occasions he was afraid that ho would be capsized by the monster, and ran for sholter, hut each time on .putting to sea again he found the shark waiting for him. The launch having a good supply of moat on board, the sknrk was kept at bay, howovor, several rifle shuts being fired ut it, though without effect. The Russian Government .iirs decided to forthwith establish a naval station on the Baltic, near Libeii, ai a cost of 13,000,000 roubles (uhnnt £1,. It a I, OOO.) ...... Iriri arioiiunceH.tliat. Prinue.Bwirtarak.vhas - resin he'd the portfolio of M iniater of Com merce in tho Prussian Ministry and has been sueeeerted by ftnron UrilepHcii. . . \- A project bus been started, ut Jtninn for the formation iff -an Italian Eilst African Coni|iiioy In establish factories in the countries in' East Africa uuder the protectorate ot Italy. 'In . accordance, v/itli appointrnent.gir.JFS. Napier Broome, Sir T." Cockbttrn Campbell, jind Mr 8. H., Parkes, the delegates- from- -Western -Australia to nrgb the granting of responsible governinont to that colony, had an interview with the Secretary of Steffi fer tile Colonloa.at the Colonial office on1 Thurs day, 'Flirt inhering lasted a considerabletifite. After hearing the views of the deputation.- Lord Knutsfurd stated that he expected the hill for amending the constitution of Western' Australia wo'uld be introduced in tho Hotteo of Commons early next session, and that it would be forthwith referred to a select com mittee. The latter, Lord Knutsfurd added, would summon the members of the deputa tion for tho purpose of hearing thoir views upon the measure. The travelling correspondent of the Stnwell "Times" describes a strange event which occurred recently at Challicum Station, Buangor. Several men wore work in a pad dock, and the heat was exceedingly oppres sive, when suddenly a storm broke over them, tlio rain fell ns one vast sheet,' nn'd before they could take shelter under a ltny- stack close at hand thev were saturated. While awaiting, an abatement of tho rain they noticed a' somewhat rare phenomenon. Enveloped as they were in tho rain, they could sco at a distance that tlio rain appeared like it curtain J. and thut' the grass was per fectly dry. While observing this, a (lash of lightning of dazzling brilliancy occurred, and almost instantaneously tlio grass wits in flames, and it was not until after a hard fight, lusting soyejal jbourst, .that it was sup pressed.' The rain had fallen up to n certain' iine, and stopped siiort ; beyond that the vegetation was into iniuer. A man named John Trcsize has been killed in the Clare silver mine, South Aus tralia, Nearly 5000 ounces of gold wore exported from West Australia during the December quarter. Heavy downpour in tlio Kiinhorley dis trict, W.A. Seven and a half inches of rain in two duys. Laura Harris, the girl who was so severely burned while lighting u fire at Sandhurst has since died. Lord Salisbury was 00 years old yesterday. He was born where he lives, in tlio historical Hatfield House. Glndstono and Salisbury both went through the same educational course, Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, and tlioy are both High Churchmen. The 20 draughtsmen at the Titles Office, wiiO) on 1 1 luiiy mst) stutcci ui&c; tncy woum discontinue work unless engagod at a salary of not less than £200 per annum, resumed work on Saturday, but not with nny inten tion of accepting the terms of tho Public Service Board — viz., £180 per annum. They returnod to work as a mark of personal re spect for tho commissioner of titles and chief draughtsman, and to prevent the work of the office getting into arrears. Their present intention is to reninin for a week, during which time they aro hopeful that a satisfac tory settlement will be arrived at. The Public Service Board had not on Saturday received any official notification of the draughtsmen's determination to discontinue work, and did not appear to ho disposed to grant their demand. The chairman of the j hoard states that he does not consider £200 per annum too much for the services of competent draughtsmen. Tho draughts- j men in question contend that their compd- | loney lias been proved, and point, to the fact I that llicy have been receiving £200 per annum for nearly two years as temporary j hands. They do the same work as the , pormanent staff, and have given satisfaction to the department.- It is understood thnt tho Government will consider the situntiou in a few days, with the hope of making - some- arrangement that the work of the Titles Office will not be thrown 'track. Now Zealand, Bays tho correspondent of tho Age, is reaping a golden harvest through the constant stream of visitors attracted -to it during tlio past couplo of months, and from all accounts greater numbers still may be expected to arrive until tho end of February. Victoria is. contributing far and away tho Inrgest numbor of tourists ; and in a chat with your Minister for Trndo and CuBtoms, who has done the round of tho colony, iio informed nie that they were to be met with in scores in tho locality of interest in New Zealand. Why are Ministers so sweet on Mallncoota Inlet? Tim Premier, tho Chief Secretary and the Minister of Defonco. liavo already essayed ineffectually to oxploro its barbarous shores. Now tlioro is a talk of another ex pedition of other Ministers to tho Bamo mysterious spot. Can it be tlrat tlioy want to select land tlioro in the event of a Coali tion-destroying revolution occurripg? Qr, is it that they want to syndicate "the Genoa River Fish Preserving Company, whioli, judging from tho cannon goods it sends to Melbourne, is doing a pretty lively business tlioro ? In short, wlmt's up ? At sports lield at Bridgewatcr last week, tho Sheffield, for which 34 names appeared on tlio card, led to a close competition. The trials reduced the contest to five, who wero placed as follows Hicks, 1 ; Flannigan 2 ; Turner, 3 ; Mooro, 4 ; Hatt, 6. Mooro was beaten in a proviotis heat, but claimed third placo, though many onlookers considered that position was duo to D. McPherson. How- over, Moore's claim was allowed, and lie then entered a protest against Turner, and ran nn- dor cover of that protest. When that was over, Flannagnn lodged a protest against Hicks, whilo Mooro in turn protested against Flunnngan. Tho ".Inglowood' Advortisor" says tlioso three protests have yet to ho con sidered. Tho Hlirdlo Race wnn nnntl.m- n-nnd raco, tho final being— Pi ondergast, 1 ; Wil son, 2; Hurloy, 3.; (Wilson lodged , a pro test against Prondbrgast for incorrect per formances, which lias yet to bo considered. Tho Novel Raco, which included a Bwimi across the river, and .a Jifty- yards spin up. tlio'; bank, was woii by Ci'dmsce, Llewellyn second and Lowis third; ThV'440' 'yards iiarldicnp was run off in one event, which was won by J. Flannagnn, W.-FJannngan second, and II. A. Wnrh third. Mr Nettlcten's special prize for tho tallest Australian native was awarded to Mr Fenton, of Melbourne, ' whose height in his shoes was jjivon as 6 feet 5 inehoB. Whilo returning , from an: oxoursion tlio Sultan of Morocco had to cross a swollen -river to reach Fez. Tho Sultan crossed 'safely, but 20 of his body-guard who undorlook to swim tho river on horses were swept down the stream and drowned. Fairies, witches, mermuids, brownies waterkolpies — tlieso liavo departed, and only ghosts remain to ns of all the super natural fauna in which our island so abounded. "v . Messrs Dalgety and Co. Limited report : We held our twelfth wool sale of tho present season on Friday before a large attendance of bnyors. Competition was very brisk, especially for 'wools of good quality and condition, and prices wero fully equal to those realised at our late sale. Out of a catalogue of eight hundred bales we sold seven 'hiioflred, the top prices realised being ll$d for greasy, fod 20d' for scoured. Onr tota) sales to da(s 9reRRW np\yards of 30,000 hWe»t. U- " ' \ - ', Thp?e(is a 'misapprehension, as to. the pnvfejfs of Slate school toaohers to giant '! heat holidays." In vory hot weather, under the latest regulations us to hnlidayH, the teachers are empowered to relievo chil dren from tlie.'hfioeHhity. of attending seliool, and, according to" the " Daily Tolograph," -idvuntago bus beon freely taken of the pri vilege. ' ' -y' : 