LEONARD^ LINDSAY; THE STOItY OF A UUCCANEKIt. ANGUS I). BEACH. CHATTER XXVI.—(Contisjukh). Suddenly tho wilch stopped, nnd shaded baokfroni her eyes her long flowing huir, gazing intently at tho sky. In tho noxt moment, a Hash of lightuing—so bright that 4JVory ono ou board tho galley, except tho floroorcss, was dazzled and blinded bj* tho glare—tore out of tho dark heavons ; struck tho main topmast of tho galloy ; nnd with a crash, liko that of all tho artillery in tho world fired oil in ono salvo, passed gleaming down tho wood, shaking tho ship as though shn had boon lifted a hundred feet, and then allowed to fall splash into tho sea. Tho explosion was followed by a thick sulphurous smoko, which seemed to coino steaming up out of tho inmost recesses of tho galloy, nnd whilo tho crow, blinded and almost choking in tho yellow sulphurous fumo, woro groping about tho dock, they hoard tho loud soroaming laughter of tho witch, followed by tho croak of tho ravous from tho cabin. “At length tho smoko or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did so, and tho men recovered their eyesight, they saw Tronda standing us usual on tho poop, with her r$d ftflpoct of haughty command. Ilor first words, comrades, woro— “‘Fling that carrion into tho fiea, and tako warning by tho fate of Torquil Kaudu ...... t how you.dispute*’tho will of such as I.’ tho sailors advanced, all trombling, to tho foot of tho mainmast, whoro lay tho body of the man of whom tho witch spoke. Ho had been .struck by tho lightning, com rades, hut there was neither suaitli nor scar upon his flesh, only on the forehead a small round blue spot. So the mariners lifted up tbo body, and whilo it was yet warm plunged it over tho side. It sunk foot first, and as tho head disappeared, tho crow thought that the dead faco frowned. “That night Tronda sat alono in her cabin, bcucuth tho bronze lamp, as she had dono when her victim entered. The crystal lay upon tho table as beforo. All at oneo tho ilame of tbo lamp flashed high up, and then sank down into tho bronze, so that the cabin was almost in darkness, and tho two ravens fluttered and croalcod. Tronda lifted up her head, and her liyid face became us tho faco of a statuo carved out of bluo and grey marble, for be fore her, standing as ho had already done that day, was tho form of Torquil Rarnla, with tho blue spot, upon bis forehead ,where tho lightning had struck it . “ There was silence for tho spaco of a minute, and then tho form of Torquil spoko. “ 41 am seat from tho dead,’ it said, ‘ to givo you a last warning.’ “ * Itoturn to those who sent you,’ answered iho witch ; * I tako no warnings.7 4411 am bid to tell you,’ said tho spirit, 4 that the measuro of your iniquities is nearly full.’ 44 Tho witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting tho apparition. 44 4 1 have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh,' she replied. 4 Get you gono, or I will call up tho spectres of iho winds, who will oliaso you to the uttermost ends of tho earth.7 “Tho figure of Torquil Rrmd/i gavo a sad j smile, uud stretching forth its hand, touched tho magic crystal, which immediately crumbled into blaok dust. 4 The powors I whioh are given to me,’ said the spirit, 4 aro 1 greater tlmn yours.’ ^ I 44 Trondft’s frame shivored as she saw this, I but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked ' her torriblo visitant steadily in tho faco. 44 4 Thcro will be givou you ono last oppor- , tunity,' tho apparition said. 4 Will you ro- I 44 4 No !’ said tbo witch of Lapland. ; 44 Tho figure of Torquil Kunda grew loss i and less distmot, nnd as it disappeared, tho flnmo of tho lamp brightoned up again, nnd tho ravous, which hud nestled at Tronda’s *'”■ foot, flow back to their perches on her 44 Tho next day, tho galloy mcanwhilo lying not far from Capo Tiberoon, in His paniola, thcro catno on board, in a small «anoo, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship mates, to have hardly lifo in her to climb up tho low sido of tho galley. This girl was of A beauty rarely seen upon tho earth, but thoBO who looked upon tho bright rod spot in her white check, ond tho sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew that thoro was hardly a month’s life flickering in her bosom; bo sho went slowly into tho cabin, uud fell upon her knees boforo tho witch. 44 4 Mother,’ sho said, 4 I am dying fast, as you can soo. I lmvo a lover, my betrothed. Ho is oomiug across tho ocean to bid mo faro woll. Oh, that I might live to woo him ! I have little gold, but what I have, grant him a fair breeze, that his ship may oomo to land boforo I die, and that I may givo up my spirit in. his arms.7 44 So saying, tho Spanish girl hold forth a piece of gold tho sizo of a walnut. Tronda hnd opened her mouth to speak, when a third woman entered the cabin. Sho was a tall and haughty danio, and as sho ohaorvod tho dying girl a smile, liko that of a fiend, passed over her face. Her cheeks flushed, and her oyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. Tho younger girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all troinbliug and sobbing, upon tho floor. 44 Then tho older spoko thus—. 44 4 1 hate that woman. She is my rival Sho lma won from mo tho man I love. I would prevent thoir meeting. Sho is poor, but I am rich. This, for a wind which will keep back hiB ship, until she bo no more.’ “With, that, shipmates, tho woman laid upon tho tablo a lump of virgin oro, as big ns a cocoa-nut. The othor girl said nothing, hut still hold out her smaller olleritig. Tronda stood be tween them musing. At last, sho took tho largo lump, and dropped it into tho great , oheetfull at her feet. 4 4 4 You shall have a hafiling wind.’ sho paid to the jealous rival. Tho poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed out weop ing; tho crew lot her clown with careful hands into her canoe. 44 But at tho moment when Tronda bad made her decision, iho sudden moan of a hollow sounding wiud passed through the air, nnd tho galley rocked and laboured, as though an invisible hand had Bmoto her. The vritoh remained long jn tho cabin, until, hearing tho dash of onrs, sho roao and wont on dook. Tho galloy was doserted, and tho wholo crow, embarked in tho boats, woro pulling f ist for tho lund, whilo the horizon was again clouded as it hnd been when tho witch drew lightuiug fcom tho heavens. Tronda mounted upon tho poop, nnd stretched forth her arms, to curso the faithless erne, when hor cyo sud denly fell upon Torquil, standing as ho had stood, beneath tho mainmast when tho lovin bolt struck him. Then sho foroborc, nnd Tomniucd widi drooping head, gazing into tho sea bolow. Bat what was remark able, was, that when tho wholo crow of tho galloy left her ut onto, instead of rising, sho sunk still deeper in tho water; and as a heavy swell began to lift and houvo around, tho ship rolled nnd pitched with u strange sickly motion. “Then camo auother portont. 'Tronda .still stood upon tho poop, when she started to hear a sudden putteriug of feet, and a squeaking and semtohing all around her. Immediately thoro poured forth from overy hatchway a wholo logion of rats—young oneB and old—brown and grey — all of them milking for tiio side of tho vessol, uud then plunging with a loud shrill squeaking into the boh, whioh was speedily dotted -with thoir littlo heads, all swimming merrily to land. When tho lust had leaned overboard, tho figure of Torquil Rundn glided softly aft and confronted tho witch. 44‘Rate,’ quoth tho figure, 4 leave a . sinking ship.’ And, as ho spoke, the galley appeared to float in tho water moro heavily and deeply than over, whilo tho swells rose in groat rooking billows, uud tho moan of a coming wind hurtled over tho eoa. Still . Tronda confronted tho apparition with a lip which novor quivered, and un eye widen ' never blinked. 44 4 My unoeatora,’ said she, * were oham piona nnd heroes; ono of them—Brio Wostra —dosoended into tho t>mb of Sigismund, tho sea king, and boro from thence (177) tho bronzo sepulchral lamp which burn} beneath, although it was guarded b} monsters and potent spells, What nrUhou, tbcu, that ono in whoso veins runs thb blood of such a lioro, nhould tremblo and quake boforo theo V But tho apparition said— “ ‘ X coma from a power which ismightiei than that of Odin and of Thor, and I nm commissioned to pronounco tc thco tho doom thou shalt undergo us u punishment for thy wicked sorceries, oven until tho end of time.’ “ At that thuro roso a mighty wind, and tho galloy started away beforo it. Jn vaiu Tronda bado tho elements to cease their strifo—in vain sho knelt upon tho poop, and, with her dreuchcd hair all streaming in the tempest,flunghernmgic rhymes, and screamed out her most potent ohnrms. Tho winds blew, and the clouds lowered, ami tho waves roso, unheedful of her spells, and so at lust sho started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice— ‘ ‘ ‘Alas ! alas ! my power is gone from mo, and tho elements obey mo no muro V “ At these words thoro was a iluttcr and a croak, nud the ravons, llyiug from the cabin, soared up into tho tempest- tossed nir, wheel ing round and round tho rocking masts of tho labouring ship, “ ‘ And you too,’ said Tronda, looking up at thorn, 1 leave mo !’ “Tho sontcnco, comrades, was no sooner spoken than tho foul birds darted off, caeli his sepurato way, and woro speedily lost in tho darkness. Then tho storm burst out with all its fury. Had it boon a barque manned by mortals, thogulloy would not have lived nil hour in that sou ; but enchantment kept it atloat until it had finished i*s destined course. For smno space the Lap land witch and the figuro of Torquil Kanda were the only forms visible in tho ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense pule flashes of lightning showed troops of phantoms upon tho deck, who worked tho ropes and sails as mariners in si galo. Theso shapes, comrades, were the spirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her incanta tions had drowned. But still the witch stood erect and fearless through all this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to tho gale, and flushing all around hor wild grey eyes. The figuro of Torquil stayed ever by her side. “ At length, comrades, in tho thick : of the roaring tornado, with all tho gibboring ghosts dimly seen flitting on tho deck amid the Hying spray nnd foam, thoro was shouted from tho prows, iu a voice which boomed like tho tones of a church boll, “ At this tho spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said— “ ‘ Now hear your doom. From this timo forth you will hauut tho capo on which wo arc driving; and thoro you will have power over tho winds which blow. Your ovil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to ndvauco the courjo of mariners ; but yet, for evory moment of time a ship is hindered on hor course, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in rho breast of man to cou coivc. And this shall last oven to the day when the sea shall givo up its dead/ “ Iu a moment after, .mates, tho galley was crushed into splutters, and not a vestige of hor, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, nud gold, woro ever seen by man. But Tronda, the ovil spirit of Capo Horant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, nnd eomotimes in wild mid watches, tho mariner has caught a glimpse of her palo fuco and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through tho scud of tho storm, with her arms tossod above her head, as though sho woro Btill singing tho ehaunt which raised wind and waves. I never spoko, comrades, with thoso who saw hor ; but I have hoard toll of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, clinging to tho end of tho bowsprit furling a split sail, behold the anciout mco of tho lmg, with her grey fishy oyes looking into his own, nud who came lioar lotting go hold of tho spar in his fright and tumbling into tho boiling sea below. But ho managed to make his way, all palo and shaking, on board tho ship, whore ho told what ho had witnessed; and oortnin old mon of tho crow said it was ft most ovil omon, nnd that oithcr tho ship would bo lost, or ho who saw the nppearnneo would bo drowned. Now, word being passed through tho Bhip of what had * happened, it came to tho cars of tho stout-hearted admiral himsolf ; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of tho main cabin. “ 1 "What is this, I hoar, men,’ says ho,— that one of you has been frightened by ft demon ? “ ‘ It was tho devil, Sir FrancisV said tho snilor, by namo .Tamos Gilbert. “ ‘ Aud what if it were ? * quoth tho admiral. • JIo is but a coward. If ho shows his fneo to you again, pluck tho grisly fieud by tho beard. Tho dovil fours all who do not fear him.’ * ‘ But for nil theso bold words of the admiral, tho old sailors woro right. Before tho ship had in ado Porto Bello, whither sho was bound, Gilbert was Hung from the leo foretop-sail yard-arm into the sea. After tho first plumro, ho never oamo to tho surface, and tho old sailors knew that what had happened was in consequence or his having seen tho demon who haunts Point Moraut.” 