General News. Boards of Conciliation. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce was held at the offices of the chamber, Courier Build ings, on the 5th instant, when there were present:—Messrs. J. D. Campbell (president), J. M. Brydon, E. Griffith, 0. H. Buasaoott, J. Ifonro, J. P. de Winton, J. Forsyth, and T. G. Howe. Mr. J. M. Bbtdoh moved.—"That the time has now arrived when, in the interests alike of Capital and labour, arrangements should be made for the establishment of a Board or Boards of Conciliation to which all trade and labour disputes shall be referred for settlement, and that this chamber bring the subject under the notice of the Government with a view to a short bill being introduced into Parliament -giving a legal standing to such board or boards, And making their decision final and binding." A paper which Mr. Brydon had prepared on the subject, having been previously circulated amongst members of the committee, was taken as read. Mr. Edward Griffith, seconded the motion pro formA. Mr. Buzacott said the course taken by the mover of the resolution, was no doubt a con venient one. Still, he felt that in discussing it they were placed at some disadvantage. Mr. Brydon had been kind enough to furnish him with a copy of his remarks, but he had perused them rather hurriedly. At the same time, he had to confess that he approved greatly of the admirable observations there introduced. For his own part he felt disposed to support the resolution as it stood, while, as Mr. Brydon himself suggested, he would not like to bind himself to all the details submitted to them. He thonght it must be obvious to everyone, having regard to the well-being of the working people of this community as well as of those wbo employed them, that it was necessary to meet organisa tion and federation on their side by organisa tion and federation on the side of the employers. It was not that the employers wished to exaot any improper or unjust concessions. They simply wanted to be in the position of parties competent to treat, competent to demand fair play, and competent to make concessions where ft might seem expedient. (Hear, hear.) A strong party in negotiations could always make concessions. For that reason he held it was absolutely necessary that the employers as well as the employees should be organised in some strong body. Moreover, if the em ployees' organisations were aware that they had to meet a compact, organised, and power ful body, they would be deterred from making demands which they knew could not be sup ported by argument and justice. (Hear, hear.) It therefore appeared to him that it was a very important matter that there should be as thorough and detailed an organisation of the employers as they found existing at the present time on the part of the employees. It seemed to him that the way in whioh the unionists were prepared to make sacrifices to carry out what they believed to be essential principles for improving the condition of the labouring class, could not but be admired. He had himself seen very great sacrifices made by men, not that they approved of the position taken up, but simply as a matter of loyalty and fidelity to their organisations. If employers would only organise and display a similar fidelity, then they would have what no doubt they all saw was absolutely necessary under present con ditions—some tribunal of conciliation. Mere arbitration would be insufficient. Arbitration was like war; it did not always mean justice. It did not always mean consideration for the circumstances and exigencies of each party, but it meant trial by the rule of logic, perhaps, rather than by a desire for fair play all round. He felt very strongly, therefore, that the tribunals they must have must be tribunals of conciliation, and not merely of arbitration or law. (Hear, hear.) They could not ex pect to get everything they themselves wanted. (Hear, hear.) If they could not got all they wanted they must take as much as they could get. And only by being strong and organised would they be in a position to make a demand or grant a con cession. It seemed to him that an immense benefit would be conferred on the people of Australia if they had Boards of Conciliation whose decisions would have the force of law. He knew that in England boards of thi3 kind had proved only a partial success. Distinguished men had brought them forward, and they had been greatly mortified by the fact that parties refused to abide by the decisions given. Experience taught that purely voluntary Board's of Con ciliation would not have the desired effect. They might be voluntary in the first instance, indeed he thought it was desirable that they should be, but parties having once agreod to refer their matter to the boards should be bound bylaw to abide by the decision. Of oourse provision might be made for appeal to some other tribunal. Possibly it might be well, to allow- of an appeal to the Supreme Court afterwards, or to some Bpeoial tribunal constituted to deal with these matters. Although they might be voluntary in the first instance, he held they would be of no advantage unless their decisions could be made to have the force of law. (Hear, hear;) The details of the scheme, he thought, should be referred to the Government. They should appoint a deputation to lay before the Govern ment their ideas and ask thorn to supply the details, being guided by what had been suc cessfully done elsewhere. The Government were far more able than any public body like this to formulate a scheme of this kind, and moreover, it was the duty of the Government to do it. Mr. Munro said he had only been able to go hurriedly over Mr. Brydon's paper, and whilst approving of a tribunal of conciliation to meet suoh difficulties as had arisen, he thought the step that tho employers ought to take was to organise and combine, and possibly to federate. on the same lines as the labour bodies. At Stresent labour unions had little or no respect or employers. (Hear, hear.) Therefore he thought they ought to encourage the organisa tion of employers on the same footing as the federated bodies who opposed them. Mr. A. G. Howe said that it seemed to him that what they wanted was an organised body of employers; that should be the first step. At present they had no front to present to the employees. The latter had or ganisation, and they had none. When they hjid oraanised they could turn to .the question of conciliation. Mr. Forsttu said he entirely agreed with the remarks of Mr. Buzaoott and with those made by Mr. Monro. It appeared to him that Boards of Conciliation would do one thing; they would do away with a great deal of the irritation that existed in connection with the manifestoes issued by the unions. He felt that if we had these Boards of Conciliation they would be the means of bringing parties together, and they all knew that personal discussion was better than correspondence. He felt quite certain that a great portion of the existing difficulties would be removed, and what now seemed moun tains would become molehills. There was no doubt that moral suasion rather than compul sion was the great thing in these disputes. If the employers had organisation the same as the employees had it was quite evident that the latter would not go on in the same way as they did at the present time. If they were to be taokled by the labour organisa tions as fiey were now, they might as well go to the wall. Bat if they showed a front and followed very much the same tactics as the labour unions the latter would be moro con ciliatory. As long as the present state of affairs existed there was no doubt that people would refrain from bringing their capital into the colonies. (Hear, hear.) People wen* simply holding back to see what the result of these great labour disputes would be. The President said Mr. Brydon had done a service to the community in introducing this matter, and he hoped the outcome would bo some tangible scheme whioh would for the future enable the community to ro on without the fear constantly imposed at the present time. With respect to the organisation of the employers, he did not think they oould make too much of it. They must lay the foundation there, and be prepared from that standpoint to enforce as fair an adjustment of things as they oould. Prevention was better than cure, and conciliation was an attempt to cure after the disease had made serious inroads. He thought it would be better if something like complete organisation between employers oould be brought about. It would have an effect upon the other side—for a man who was able to enforce anything by the strength of his arm was generally respected. At present the labour organisations were assuming a power which, unless controlled by broad and intelligent minds, would react most disastrously upon the community. He did not think it would be wise to leavethem the power, and he did not believe that they would use it judiciously. Regarding the suggestion that there should be three mem bers of the board appointed by the Government, he thought that perhaps it would be better to have only one, as he thought the labour organisations would object to three. Of course they wanted to let the labour organisations understand that all they were getting was simply fair play all round. He thought they might well carry the motion in something like the shape proposed by Mr. Brydon, and submit the same to the Chamber of Commerce. Mr. De Winton said he had arrived at the eonolnsion that Mr. Brydon had acted rather hurriedly, and that his motion was a little pre mature. Before they could go to the Govern ment it would be the duty of the chamber to organise the existing employers' associations throughout the country. Having done that, they oould go to the Goverment with a front powerful enough to oarry weight. He thought they might have a Board of Conciliation in every principal centre of population. They must organise, and, as a preliminary step, he suggested that the motion shonld be altered so as to affirm the desirableness of the employers of Brisbane organising. Mr. Bbydom, in reply, said organisation and federation were very well, but a Board of Con ciliation would effect the desired end without either. The matter in dispute would be referred to the boa'd, and would by them be finally settled. The organisation of employers meant that employees would not have the ghost of a show, and would be simply pushed to the wall. (Cries of " No, no.") He thought so at any rate. For what did the Darling Downs squatters propose to pay down £100,000 ? Why, to put an end to strikes. He. thought that they would only be perpetuating the feud between labour and capital by tactics of the sort. Capital was looked upon as a tyrant; the labourer, however, was a man, not a beast or a machine ; but had they recognised that ? [A Member: "We all reoognise that."] He did not think they did. With regard to the voluntary business, he thought that if Mr. Munro and the others had read over the Board of Trade report for 1883, they would find that the voluntary system did not work; that the decisions were sometimes accepted, sometimes not. What they wanted was something final and binding.. With regard to the question raised by Messrs. Howe and Munro as to how a strike down South would affect Queensland, he looked at it in this way—they would have Boards of Conciliation here, and all disputes would be referred to them. If there was a strike in Sydney and an effort was mode to in volve Brisbane labour, which might be perfeotly satisfied with the present conditions, their efforts would have no effect. If we had Boards of Conciliation here the men would not be able to go out on strike, because it would not be possible for them to do so. Any local differences which might exist would be subject matter for the consideration of the board, not for a strike. By general request Mr. Brydon withdrew his resolution, and in its place a resolution was carried that a special meeting of the chirnber Bhould be held to consider Mr. Brydon's motion. 