Serial Story. THAT GIRL FROM TEXAS, a ho rsz st Jeannetts H- Walworth. OSAPTXB I. ? imoOB Dnmoi. Mra. Robert Nawoome's home, on ono of the moat fashionable nvenuoa of Now York (Sty, praaented snob a very different aspect to an outride observer in enmwier from what ft did in winter! that it was no great matter of wonderment to we a most untimelj visitor of ben, who arrived in front of the hou&o; in the middle of a very hot day In June, heeitata quite a little while before demanding outran oe. In winter, any one provinolal enough to Stare in through laoe-veiled windows, with tantalizing neep-holsa made in the cartatni by looping thorn back with broad satin rjb- Vms, conld catch glimpse of an interior ar- tiatic enough to have eatiifiod the moat fa, tidloua authority on Upholstery. Softly tinted walla furnished a fine back-ground for a ool- Joctiou of painting" of which Mrs - Robert Newcomo wea justly prond ; the elaborate freaooo overhead had not been igrr--'d in the election of the satin uphnl&tery;, with which thoy harmonizod admirably ; that accumnla- tion of brio-il-brac, whioh goea without aay- hig wherever womon and wealth combine to fill apartment, wa all of the choicest and beat Mooted sort in Mrs. Newcorao'a room oat furnished an rndleta aonroe of entertain ment to the speechless or the timid guest of this great dame of a great city. There waa always plenty of flower in her parlours— flower that could be smelted without shriek ing one's annuo of the reality of thing. Her laos-draped windows were never disgraced by out of thoeo devices that simulate nature in itiff stupidity and scented ugliness. Mrs. Nswoome was altogethor too genuine for nob ohoapubama. To bavo planted untrust worthy little topply stands with bideons pot of artificial flower in her windows would have been to insult the memory of a terribly long line of anoestors, all of whom, Mrs. Newoome was pro ad to assure herself and others, had been 'grfiulnt In the most genuine ease of the word, in email matters as well as Kb great. Cn Tuesday, In winter, the floral display in Mrs. Newoome'# parlours waa always at its beat, for Tuesday ww 4 her day, and at abort Intervals ell through the afternoon her great mahogany frontdoor would open noiae- leariy to enfold visitor of like splendid indi cations with the glow and the warmth and the richness of the laoe- veiled parlour. Her enllars harmonized with the oostly frescoes the softly yielding upholstery and the priceless Persian rugs under their dainty feet. If a wearer of fustian had been reduced to the alternative of going through the eye of a or obtaining entrance into Mrs. New- eome's parlour on ber raoeption day, the eyi of the needle would bare suggested the easier node of transit. 4 Things must harm cm ire,' Mrs. Newoome was fond of saying, and she did not harmonize with fustian in any of its manifestations. Everybody aid that Mr. Newoome reoeived superbly, and if the everybody to whom abe opened her doors on Let reoeption day waa not a competent judge on that subject it would be difficult to pick out a subject it oould pass on intelligently. "Hie splondour of Krs. Newoome « home, hffwvrer, was subject to annual eclipse whose iwfruni waa ao regular that they needed no predictions beforehand. Promptly on the first of June this glowing interior underwent a sort of petrifaction. It waa very much as U the soul went out of it all and left a stiff, oolourleaa, unresponsive body behind. Un- eampming wooden shatters replaced the ratin-looped curtains that had been given to such in discreet disclosures : Qraoelcfls Holland shades dropped rigidly | down behind the plate-glass windows of the upper atones ; and if ULad not been foT the una grim frontage of brown stone and the stoop stair and the unchaugod number oa the diver door-plate, anyone unfamiliar with the fact of these annual eclipses might well have wasted some precious moment in du - Woua speculation . Whieb waa just what befell on the June day is question when a hack drew up in front of the house and a younglady leaned forward to stare oat through ths door held open by the driver, bat made no motion toward leaving W" - the Tehiole. Instead, she said in a very po sitive voice: 4 This can't be the dace, driver ; yon most hav made aocne mistake. 4 The street sad the tmabur yon gave ae at the depot,' said the man, first I the inhospitable front of the house and the perplexed young faoe of his fare. 4 poea the folks expect he added, jerking a thumb towards the wooden shutter. ' They ought to, but I don't know whether they do or not. I'm quite sure nobody lira fcn that gloomy old house.' 4 It's sonamev, yon know,' eald the driver, with an air of imparting informatics. 'As if I did'nt know that already,1 — the young lady, an immense that was lying among her parcels as the fronl Mat and describing hngo area in the air with ' And there ain't nobody in town, yoa know.' ' Nobody in town f She reoeived this ad ditional hit of information from the cabman with indignant incredulity. 4 Least way nobody which la anybody,' the driver amended. Well, suppose yon ring that bell before I take the trouble to get out. X have another friend to goto if uds one'a away,' said the young lady, composedly, settling herself back on the seat to await results. Evidently she was t.ui a girl easily thrown off bar balsnoe, as wis fully indicated by the minified smoothness of bar broad, white forehead and ths soft composure of her vutoc under whs! might be considered somewhat toying circumstances. She was ray hot and very tired, had oome a long way to visit tho the people Ae had a right to find behind thai vtoha shutters, and oould not possibly j to s expeotedtO retiab finding herself barred ! wot. It seemed a wonderfully long time to j her Won the Croat doc was finally opeotd j in response to tho repeated assaults of the drivor upon the balJ-pull. gbo could see the \nan who opened it, taking in the driver and the hack and herself with surprise and disapproving glasoes. She oould not hoar what the two men were saying to each other, for the nearer uproar of the street, but abo felt quite sure no words of welcome or hospi tality were being lost to her cars. When the cabman finally turned his face in her di rection there waa such an ' absolute air of defeat about him that the matter seemed to have reached a point calling for her personal intervention. She sprang nimbly oat of the carriage and rather running than walking up the stops wkod in a voice thst was imperative in spite of boing low-pitched and swoet, if Bhe was or was not mistaken in thinking that Mr. Bobort Newoome lived in that house, 'He do hvo hero, ma'am,' said the guardian of tho door, only a trifle leas sulkily than ho had spoken to tho cabman. 1 And ho is in townP' ' Ten, miss.' 4 Tiiou, drivor, bring my thingsin.' Sho swept past both men into the ball that lookod dark enough after the brilliant ran- bino she had been facing bo long, The driver wont back to fotcb in ber luggage, while the other raun stared at hor in helpleM bewilderment. Thero she stood by Ihe nat- rack, on which she had laid her veil and littlo handbag, placidly inspecting her faoe in the rack- glass a she wiped some of the dust and grit of road travel out of her eyea and off her temples. She was bo much of a lady in appearance that it would scarcely do to order her about peremptorily, or to turn her out by the shoulders, but in the fifteen years ho, Andrew Graham, had been In the New oome employ, never had ho been plaoed in such a trying predicament. What vu hs to do with hor until Mr1. Nowoome should ooma back from the office at six o'clock P 4 If Bha was old and ugl-, now, instead of being ax straight as u post and as handsome as a pic ture, Andrew solUoquir.od, discoutcntoaly, regarding tho young woman rit tho hat-rank with austere disapproval. Thero sho stood, calmly drawing oft her gloves, with tho air of a person who had como to stay, andfrowning her down wasn't going to bo an easy thing to do either . Sho saw hi perplexity, pitied it, and smiled at it. Sho would not convince him that sho was no importer without wailing to bo indoreod by his employers. ' You uro Andrew, uieu't vou P' alio asked, uniting brightly in Li;» worried face. 4 Yes'm/ 'And you are tho one lluit u ol to eomo after Bulla to fetch her hum fioii. Mis IliMi- derfcon's n-hool up in li iilvn'..' ' You've hit u ain,' wii.l A.idnor :->o- ntoly refusing to ba thawed by tho ycting woman's pretty manner and polite wcrda. 'Yon aee I remember you, although you have evidently forgotten ail about mo. Don't you remember ever ao often bringing a little girl home with Bella ob Friday to stay over till Monday P She oamo from way down South, and hadn't any ohanoe to go to hor own homo. Her name waa Flo DorBoy.' 1 Indeed, thou, and I don't, miss; not but that I might a dona it timo and again, for our Misa Bella was justtho one to be doin' a friendly thing of thataort,' When you And your manner, Andrew, I will tell you some mora,' she said, laughing : ' in the meantime, hero is my purse. Pleaas pay thst man what he ought to hare.' »She flung her pockrt-book into hi hand, and turning from him walked deliberately j toward the parlor as if sho had grown up in the house. Andrew looked after her in I genuine distress Suppow this was soma oonfldence game ! This waa just tho timo for puoh characters to be prowling about. But what waa a fellow todoP Ou tho ono hand ' there was tho frontdoor wide upon for tho S convenience of the driver, who seemed as if he would never have done with tho lady's parcel : on the other there was she iu full possession of the bouse, going thn doar only know whore. ' Ruromagin',' Andrew callud it, ia&sftv;&go; underioao. He oxtructodsoma crumb of satisfaction from the reflection that there was no way of escape possible to bar bat by tba front door, eo she must noodfl re trace her Bteps if she wanted to go out How did he know but that big trunk and all those satchels and buskct wnro full of brickbats, or waste paper, or worthless rags, or sumo- thing of thatsortf Andrew bad not ben living in New York half a lifetime without being aware of all sorts of possibilities in tho way of crime and iniquity, and he rather plumed himself on the integrity of soul that made it possible for him to hold fast by bis bump of aaation in faoe of such excessive prettinoa as belonged to this daring young woman who had just Invaded the house that was left to him as a sacred trust every summer. I'll keep my eye on hor and let hor stay till tho master is oome,' was Andrew's men tal resolution r as he closed the front door on the cabman finally, and wont inBcat\". nf tha feminine invader, whom ho found studyingtlio family photograph album that lay oo a Ublo in the hollands- ahrouded parlours. Sho had taken off her hat, andeeemod mora than ovor at her easo, and qaite comfortable. 1 Yon aro uneasy about mc, Andrew,' she aaid, looking calmly up into his anxion faoo, as he approached her with her pocket- book in hi hand ; you are not at all suro whether you have let an imposter into tho house or not.' 1 Andrew's solemn silence convicted him- He mopped his forehead anxiously, but said never a word in denial of the glare charge. 'I admire yon excessively, Andrew, you are so impolitely honest. But now look,' she spread the album conspicuously open on her lap, ' and see if I don't know all about the Newcome family. First of all, here is Mr. Newcome himself. A handsome gentle- man, tall and dignified and gentle, with a kind word for every woman and girl, because he thinks they are a helpless lot at best, and just as generous and gwod to his family as a man can poecLblr be.' 1 High! yon are, there,' said Andrew, look ing down upon, the picture ou which. the in vader had laid one white indent finger ; tbon he added in a intended for no mortal ear, 'P'raps it would a been better for him if hs wasn't quite ao forbearin' and free handed with 'em.' And this is Mrs. Newoome. . I remember herasnitdy with beautiful eyos and shoal- das, and ench a qooenly walk that she used to tasks me almost crazy to be grown up so I oould Waar trains and walk j oat as sho did. Bella and X used to wait on her like two little darkey. I remember bar as tho kind of woman that always gets hor own way in the long run, whether it's the beet way or not.' 'She's got 'em all yet, too,' said Andrew comprehensively. 4 All what !' 4 The beautiful eyas and the fiao shoulders and the qaecn's walk and bar own way end the reetof it.' Tfaeubecheokod himself sud denly, and assumed a more rigid physical and fwMal attitude. Ho began to entertain tho prof oundoet respoot for the power of divina tion displayed by till young woman, bat it was not for to bo oiscusslng tho family affaire with I Prmflit»nnn wOCUB. HeWftSUp to this dodge too. Sbo was one of ' them fortune or mind reading or spirit noo sense folks that wanted topumphim dry,' and then, when the opportunity came, make bo- lieve she had got information from ths other world. He maintained a grim silonos as the vonng lady passed on through the book tinHl df oame to a full length photograph of a young man, ounsptououa principally for ths lmigih of fci frrf ffof-bn and the languor of his fine eyes. Oh, doar, hero he is ? Mr. U. Algernon Newcumc. Is he as awed as ever, Andrew ? I knowl used to quite hate him, but that was when hu wo plain Bob Newoome, and didn't wear suuha lovely moustache.' Tho grizzled nsoasteobp that oovered Andrew a own eminently respectable upner lip twitched slightly with amusement at tnis disrespectful allusion to the only mm of tho house. Bat be toad no comment, not even whim the stranger suddenly lifted the beok | to her lipa and prcaaed a kiss on tnc pictured fcceof a young gi<l, vhosrrracd to flrailo back at Iter from a pair of great serioni tfyev, out of whii li oven photography couhl Oo» toko nil the light. My darling llclla, I wish you could open your Hps and tell your stupid Andrew hero that 1 nru realty your old Fin, come to pay you a visit, and that I am sitting here starved to death.' Andrew's professional instincts oame promptly to the front. 'I'm sore, mis, if yon ore a friend of Miss Bella's I'm cot the one to put a slight on you, but — 1 he hc&itated.; How oould he go away to prepare luncheon forthU Invadersnd lcavo tho wholo house at her mercy P ' Androw,' abo closed the album andlooked st him vory solemnly, 1 is thore s Bible any where about this forsaken horse P1 'A Bible, miHsf ' Yw, Andrew, Bible. I w&at; to tabs my eolcmn oath on it that my mamma wrota to Bella's mamma that I would be here thi" very day to pay them that long-promised I and I must nay, Andrew, aiat yon uro treating mo acandalouRly just becatnr 1 happened to get here when they are out of town and you uro too »tupid to remember mo. If you'll go out and call me a cab I'll go to a hotel Boroc where and write to Urn. New oome, ond tell hor how yoa took me for a oonfldence woman and treated me worse than a tramp. Yea, Andrew,' impraarively, ' worao than a tramp, for while I wasriftingm thecarriage waiting for you to oome to the door IsawatTsmpcoineoutof the area gate with bin band fall of something to cat, and hero I sit haugTT enough to oat my kid glove, and you haven't bo mucli as offered no a drink of water.' Andrew was completely vanquished, md dropping suddenly from resorvwd caution to abject opology shuHlod out ef the room, pro mising to return as hood as a luncheon could bo prepared. Thn invader smiled a gracious pardon on him and leaned luxuriously biok against the chair, promising to bo very pa tient and nut to devour hor glove nor tha family album either if eho could help it.' Andrew !' Hearing his naroo called imperatively when ho had gotten half-way down tho hull, Andrew returned meekly to take a fresh order from tho imperious young ludy. 1 Andrew,' she auid, amiling at him ewoetly I am a terriblo lepy head, and if I ehnuld fall a sleep waitiugfor that lunch, jubt keep it warm, will you, until I wuka up again. Miunmil never disturbs mo at home; alio eays it is not good for my health.' Sho put up hor hand to conceal a yawn and 1st hor head drop heavily hack on thu chnir. 'She's a cool one,' Andrew muttered to him self. u« lui started nil nnuin : ' miwht belong to Queen Yic'n own fuimiy cir.rl ' Left to herself tho invader en! uly pur veyed tho grcul parlours, where dim visia tif ahrouded Kplenaor strctclicd out di-rfitfuliy in tlio fftoo of thelong mirrors tliftt confronted horatovcry turn. The evidences of luxury surrouoding her did not Heem to imprcw Jior particularly, on tho contrary, if her look mid hor thoughts had been traxiHluted into words, thoy would hnvo Bounded rather oondomna- tory tbnn otiierwine. Sho was trying to funny her own homo, wkero tho providing geuiii, her mother, wm ft sort of fixed alar, under tho auHprnr-s llml sho found Bulla' home. Fanoydonr old mamma runaing away from dear old papa this way every summer. And fnnoy poor eld papa trying to get along without diar old mamma for two littlo weeks even. It just i>»n't fanaifthlo. Poor Jrr. N-wcomo ! And he'n soflWCL'tand unsel!i-h to. Dear me. I'd fcwl sorrier far him if I wum'c just liternlly stArving to diyith. I don't know whc'licr I'm most sleepy or hungry.1 Tlicn hIso yawucd, nnd getting up walked slowly obuutliy way ofaljakingtifl t;.e grow ing r«m» of !cppinns that tlireatriuvl to overeomo l'.er. Htr exploniticn brvuiuht kcr to an inviting little divuu, tuck»d biiugly awuy is tho embrasure inado by the big hay window, where petted pUius blosvcnvjcd tro- nioally nvcrv winler. A hr/ivy htuff pirtiro dropped iu rigid fold f rot (hu gilt bar over- brad to tho floor. It was altogether irroBUt- iblft, nnd without n mnmeut's heKiUtiua sha curled up on tho divan, draw the portiere clow together, and wus souud ahloop in an incredibly short space of time. Sho hud boor , throe wholo duy nnd nights travuliing tl. tiio wuy from luir far- nway homo in Tezat, aud tired nature was reasserting herself. ; Andrew, doming bnck to tho parlour to an. ucmnce l.n l_uch ready, was nunplussod at her liinippcAr.mee. A tlirill of tcmir paused through him. After all. then, alio wan a coufiiUnco womrin,' and tliat pretty bit of coaxing for luur.h hud all In-on tu Lhrow him off the tliclrarh ' II was tonhurdtoU borne. Hoclutohfd hib hair with both hands, and called himself tin end of ugly name. It never ouce occurred to him to investigate the alcove. Iu all his cxpcrircca of the 4 best society' no one had ever been known to go to sleep in Mrs. Nowcoma's parlours. Doubt less this handsome interloper was at that vory rmnurut 'rummaging iu tiio iruiater's library.' The very idea of sin-li uuducity made tho hair on Antlrcw's well trained head rise in hor- I rcr. He made h-.ufflir.g haato in tka direc tion of ihc du'.-r t!.nt nper ed into that apart ment.. To bin increasing honor it refused to yield to hi gTasp. It waa locdiod on tho inside, What furthor aridenoo did bo need to convict him of Hsown criminal negligence iu allowing this alluring young fumklo out of his light? He would make iinmodiata amenda to the family by 'bouncing' thisoonfi- deneo woman aa snun ah she rmrrpe.d. Buuncing bpr !' Andrew repeated (lio effective word wnithfullv, and dropped on hi knecfl to apply hia cyo to thu kcyholo without the fcligbicht 'uunpunction on tho scoro of pruprielv. ri tH an ejaculation of surprise bordering on dismAy ho bounded to his feot again nnd rushed from tho room. Tho Library was certainly occupied, but not by tho Btrango young woman. twpnirw &hckivs5; awothkh buoox. If Andrew hud prolonged his keyhole in- vesligution a socund lunger hi perturbed spirit would havn been, aet at rest an ana aoo re at loast. He would havo discovered the whorculxnit uf tho young woman over whoao advent ha had worked himself up into a perfect fever of anxiety. With a yawn and an audiblo exclamation of dismay, Kin Dateey aat bolt upright on the divan behind the portiuro, refreshed but slightly bewildered. It roquirod sevoral ap- pUoatiou of hor knuckle to hr eyaa to orouso ber tlioroughly, by which time she begun to feel afresh tbo gnawing pangs of hunger, together with a growing Bcneo of indignation at Andrew's remarkable conduct. Sbefult euro that tho htupideat darkey on her far-away plantation homo would nevtir have treated a visitor of bora in thi mnnnar. She lookod quite &s; orou ae it was in bar to look wbon no finally parted the portiere and ad van oad into the room bout upen ringing Andrew op and speak ber mind to him vory plainly this timo. With tho strident deter mination upon her to assert her claim to more hospitable treatment, she looked about her f era boll -rupo. There was none to bo found. How was hIiu to divino that tho mal) porcelain button Miamly distinguish- ablo from n flower in the dado was its modem Ruoocssor? Baffled in her desire to ring the delinquent butler into ber presence fiho des perately resolved to try the piano as the only other poteiblo means of conveying to him, wherever be might be, the information that ho was swakoand ravening. 6h) was rejoiood to find that tho inAtruramit was not locked, and seating heraolf on tbo shrouded stool, which was a the ghost ef Its gorgeous winter sulf, t<he ran her fiugurs ten tatively up aud duwn llio ivory key. Her first intention had l>eon to doiji erf a noisy roudu of someaovt, but (he msgic spell thoti really good instrument always ozsrei sea upon a true inuAiniun otizod on hor, summoning to her finger-tip Urn softest aud sweetest melo- « diolin bv-T tt'rvrloirr. Fretn experimental j uhotds she gUdod iau«L uaLuraUy into ' Hum, j Bweetome.1 'HierewmBCo other thought with her at that juncture. It was ber firat flight from ths sheltering warmth of a Ttsry true and very aweet home. She expected to be recolvod rapturously into another home almost as brightand warm. By oontiaiitwlth her expenUtions the chilling effeotaof Mrs. Newootna'a deserted parlours was tremendou. She heartily wished she had never started out on this expedition. Por- hapeall theee reflections, added to the pensive- neas bore of prolonged fasting, infused an un- nsnol tonah of pathos into her playing, making the familiar old melodyaonnd sweeter and sadder than ever before to one p&lrof; u- tooLahed ears withia hearing of it. The master of tha house, silting clow by in bib library, plangod in a re verio of tho boto- breat hue, heardit aad enddeuly raised his head to hoarit better. It was a sad, worn faoe thus brought into full view. The g&i; bad ?ever boon turned off since hs bad entered the room after dinner the night before. He bad forgotten it. It combined now with the bot uinshine that streamed through tbo window whose shade he had not thought to draw down to bring out every crease and line on his tired faco. There were plenty of tbcm to bring out. Deep furrow across hi broad forehead 3e&mlcg; it from temple to temple ; clusters of srow's feet branching from tho oomera of bis iycs that had almost lost their triok nf smil ing ; pathetic lines, beginning at tbo fine, thin costri'e, coursing downward towards his chin, that was covered with tho negleotod siubhlo of several days' growth. He had once uptm a time been more fasti dious about these details of hi appearance than now. What difference did it make? There was no one athorne to care or to ohido Not that ho excused himself on that score, | He glanced down disapprovingly at his gowui aud slipper. Tha day was well -nigh gono; And he had not tbougot to change them for coat and shooa. What matter? There was no' ouc there to care or to notice. No one there tonotico the rapid increase in tbo caro-linos on hie face in a fewdays. No one to notice tho aliadovry gloom in his gontlo oyc. Nn one to tako note of the fact that his bod bad not bet® slept in all the night before. No one except Andrew, who had mode the 'li.Hoovcry of hie presence iq the honsc, when looking for Miss Dorsey through tbekeyholo and who had goneoff excitedly to impart the new? to Mrs. Mason, who reoeived it with a running comment on the 1 grin's on of some folkR which ahculd be unmentionable.' 'Like as not he's been adttin just that tt'iiy ell night,' says Andrew, pityingly, hRv- in\r feelingly described bow ho had seen Mr. Xowcomo through the key-hole, with his arms folded on the table and his head buried i.i ihi in rtej i.'Udly. ' 11c don't, to'-i: mii''b '".Mtort out >)f life when the (cU'.p i-avay. J 1 mi i: M diu in tlicrc and nobody be nny the <vwr, with him a !ippin' off to hi« tit tl i. '.'bib- house for all the world Hku a trurrip and vagabono.' Aiiflrcw's srntc&oa; wss somewhat invulvod, but hi heart was all right, nnd the burc mention of t-ur.h u dreadful possibility in con- uoctiun wilb tho master, whom ho lovrd Willi loyid devotion, sent » thrill of tenor through kim. There was a sudden infuHion of my- b-ry into tho familiar atmosphere of tbo house, mid it struck Andrew with chilling tone. Mrs. Mason shared the responsibili ties of tho liouso with him in Hummer, and hliM might us well bear her "hare of the anxiety too. Together tho two took wotdy counsel nnd tried to nnrevel by the very dim light of their own intelligence tho htncigu <i <j i j f f uut of tlio master of the house and llio niyhtenuus preseaoa of ths 4 unknown ftitnulu,' an Andrew duscriptively oateluguod Mis Dnrscy . I uf (i thn RP_niw nf ahaolute ixalntion which hud swept over Mr. Nuwontnc, bowing him to tho vary depths of dejection, tho strain of 4 Hnrao, Swoet Home,' being ployod in lils Own parlour on Bella's piano, stolu w ith be wildering ctloct at first. He raised his bead and liMtunod, then a smile of exceeding ewcctooM lighted hfs worn faoe, and he ro.«o to liis foot unsteadily. He was trambilug and iiad to grasp the ohalr ho had boon Fit ting in before he oould trust himself to pro- oeed any farther. He looked down at him- Bclf with disapproval. Of course it \\\ i Bolls, run down from Newport to spend thu night at home. She supposed he waa at hi- office. She would find fault with him for hi nnglootod appaarsnoe. Ho pansed hie bmula down both aides of his head and fnoc to bnng tho diahovclled hair eomcwhat into pl/i' v Ho would take her by earpriso. Sbo would not expect to am him oefore tho diuuc.r hour. Bulla, or Robert, or aomctimo ovon Mrs. Nowuomo, paid him » visit of a day or a few hours at least during the aeaaon. Mrs. New- oomo not often. 8ba was too fio>iy to uaro about moving about in snmiuor. Ihbert, Lu wa sorry to reflect, oamo principally wlu ii hi funds were low. ButBcllft was all righl. Ho ratbar believed if Bella bad hor uwu wuy thing would be a little more hmnc-liko fur bim, evon during tho months whon ovcry body was out of town. But Bollu was not likely to btiva her own way. Tbcru waa but uno way in that establiahinnnt, and that was Alts. He opened the library door Aoftly, so as mil to disturb the player. Tburo sbo Mit, !ut back turned to hixn, bow round utul tliui bur waist, and what a pretty slopo ber shoulder had S God bleaa hor I Tho siui scorned to shine into his hoart and into his eyes us bo stnlo quietly up behind her and stretching wide hi yoarning arms olaspod thom suddenly and cloudy about the p!aver'« form. With a bhriokFlo faced suddenly upon hor piano-stool laughing and crying bystori- «Uy. 4 God bios my soul,' aaid Mr. Newcorno, grizing down at the unknown faoo befuro hira. Hia olfending arniB bang limply down by bis side. Ha oould think of nutluog to do or to "7- . Alif-a Doraey rooovered herself with hor usual (uiclcneas. > l a uiL iiguv, mr. ewnguiu, cuu Btuu wiping the tears from hor cyan ; 4 > quite right. 1 suppose 1 bad grown nervous Hit ting hare by myself eo long > that you atari led mo. It waa so different, you know, from what I bad ax poo > ted ' What had you expected and who ore you, if I may ask no impertinent a > question on such alight acquaintance P Mr. Newoome said. 4 1 am afraid I > xzrant have etnrtled you immensely. I really bag your pardon. You did, > horribly. I didn't know I could be m ridiculously nervous. It all oomos from > being ao hungry. Why, I oxpvotod, vou know, that Bob— I beg hu pardon, Mr, > II. Algernon Newoome, would oome down to tbo depot in a Bwnll oemage, behind > dabb- in hurra, you know, and that wu would drive up to the houwand find > Bella standing uti tho front step juat ae fra&tio; to are me as I atn to so6 > hor, and that Mra. Ncwcome would meet me atleaataa near a the parlour duor > and kiss me, and then at dinner-timo, afLor I'd gotten rid of all the > railroad dust run! put on ouo of my prettiest drosme, you wura to oome borne > and be glad to ecu mo, too.' i sore,' said Mr. Newoome, smiling down at her, > 4 my greeting threatened to bo alittlo tooardimt. Tula must be my daughter's > frioud, M»as Doraey.' I thought I beftme I got bera»bat Tm sara I ehould > dbtbt call anyone frfand and ttm t them tiff way.' Ilo's eyas travelled > around the inhospitable pari our and then came ban to Mr. Newoome. 1 Yon > look ao tired,' she «id. her sweet faoe full of womanly here I am grumbling > on, all about snyaelf. A little bosmees-wvaL,' Mr. Nowcomo sa, adding > quiokly, but at PToeent I am anxioaa to solve the myet7 of tiiis s?ening > nogloot on jay daoghter's pari. I have Wu forwarding to than all > httaaraforeeveral wuuks past. In that way I hare not myself been notifiod > yur onmlng. Parti pa to-day's mil may throw soma tight on It, «0 &a; > OOMBMUBI), 