THE WORLD'S DESIRE BY H. EIDER HAGGARD AND ANDREW LANG. Hehnam vcro immortalcm fuisse indicat tcmpm. — Sebvius. JEneid IL, 601. HOOK H. CHAPTER VH. toe shadow ix the sunlioht. Tho torn web fell— the last veil of the Strange Hathor. It fell, and all its unravolled threads of glittering gold and scarlot ripplocl and coiled about tho Wanderer's feet, and about tho pillars of the loom. Tho web was torn, the veil was rent, tho labour was lost, tho pictured story of loves and wars was all undone. But thcrot whito in the silvory dusk of tho alabaster shrine, there was tho visible Helen, the bride and the daughter of Mystery, the World's Desire ! There shono that fabled lovelinoss of which no story was too strange, of which all miracles scorned truo. There, her hands folded on her tap, her head bowed— there sat eho whose voice was tho echo of all sweet voices, she whose shape was tho mirror of all fair shapes, sho whoso changoful beauty, so they said, wus the child of tho changeful moon. Helen sat in a chair of ivory, gleaming even through tho sunshine of her outspread hair. She was clothed in soft folds of whito ; on licr breast gleamed the Star-stone, tho red stone of tho sea-deeps that melts in the sunshine, hut that molted not on the breast of Helen. Moment by moment the red drops from the ruby heart of tho star fell on her snowy rai- . inont, foil and vanished — fell and vanished — end loft no stain. The Wanderer looked on lier face, but the beauty and tho terror of it, as she raised it, were more than he could bear, and he stood like those who saw the terror and tho beauty of that face which changes men to stoue. For tho lovely eyes of Helou Btarcd wide, her lips, yot quiveriug with the last notes of song, were open wido in fear. Sho seemed like one who walks alone, and suddenly, in the noon day light, moots the hated dead ; encountering tho ghost of ail enemy come back to earth with the instant summons of doom. For a moment the sight of her terror mado oven tho Wanderer afraid. What was the horror she boheld in this haunted shrine, where was none savo themselves alone ? What was with them iu tho shrine ? Then he saw that her oyes wero fixed on his golden armour which Paris once had worn, ou the golden shiold with the bluzon of the White Bull, on tho golden helm whose vizor was down so that it quito hid his eyes and his face —and thon at last her voice broko from her : 41 Pari / J'arix ' J'aris ! Has Death lost hold of theo ? Hast thou como to drag mo back to theo and toshumo ? Paris, dead Paris ! "Who gave theo courago to pass tho shadows of men whom on earth thou hadst not dared to face in war?" Then she wrung her hands, and laughed aloud with the ompty laugh of fear. A thought camo into that crafty mind of the Wanderer's and ho answered hor, not in his own voice, but in tho smooth, soft, mocking voico of the traitor Paris, whom he had heard forswear himself iu the oath before Ilio.H. 44 So, Lady, thou hast not yet forgiven Paris V Thou woavest tho ancient web, thou singest tho ancient songs— art thou .still unkind us of old?" 44 Why art thou come hack to tnuut mo r" cho said, and now slio spoke as if an old familiar fear and horror wero laying hold of her and mastering her again, after long freedom. 44 Was it not enough to betray mo m the sem blance of my wedded lord V Why dost thou mock ?" 44 In love all arts ore fair," he answered in tho voice of Paris, 44 Many bavo loved thoe. Ladv, and they are all deaa for thy sake, and no love but nine has boon more strong than death. There is nono to blame us now, and nono to hinder. Troy is down, the heroes are white dust ; only love lives yet Wilt thou not learn, Lady, how a Bhadow can lovo V" Sho had listened with her head bowed, but now she leaped up with blazing eyes and face of fire. 44 Begone !" she said ; 44 the heroes are dead for my sake, and to my shame, but tho shamo is living yet. Begone ! Never in life or death . shall my lips touch the false lips that lied away my honour, and the false face that wore the . favour of my lord's." For it was by shape-shifting and magic art, as poets tell, tuut Paris first beguiled Fair Helen. 'Then tho Wanderer spoke again with tho sweet, smooth voico of Paris, son of Priara. 44 As I pussed up the shrine where thy glory dwells, Helen, 1 heard thee siug. And thou didst sing of the waking of thy heart, of tho arising or Love withiu thy soul, aud of tho \- coming of otio for whom thou dost wait, whom thou didst love long since and sbolt love for evermore. And as thou saugest. I came, I Paris, who was thy love, and whff-ara thy love, und who alone of ghosts and men shall be thy love again. Wilt thou still bid me go ?" . 4 I sang," she answered, 44ycs, astncQpdsput it in my heart so 1 sang — for indccdJBftsecmed . to mo that one came who was inv lofts of old, and whom alone 1 must love, afouo for over. But thou wast not, in my heart, thou false Paris 1 Nay; I will teil thoe, and with the name will scare thee back to Holl, Ho wus in my heart whom once as a maid I saw driving in his chariot through the ford of Eurotas while I boro water from the well. Ho was iu my heart whom onco 1 saw iu Troy, wheu Ito crept thither clad in a beggar's guise. Ay, Paris, I will name him by his name, for though he is long dead, yet him aloue inetbinks I loved from the very first, and him alone I shall love till my deathlcssncss is done— Odysseus, son of Laertes, Odysseus of Ithaca, he was named among men, and Odysseus wus in my heart as I sang and in my heart ho shall ever be, though the Gods iu their wrath have given me to others, to my shame, and against my will." Now wh6n tho Wanderer heard her Bpeak, and heard his own name upon her lips, and knew that tho Geldou Helen loved him alone, it ceemed to htm as though his heart would burst hie harness. No word could he find in his beart to speak, but he raised the vizor of bis holm. Sho looked — alio saw and know him for Odyasous, even Odysseus of Ithaca. Then in t turn she hid her eyes with iter hands, and speaking through them, said : 44 Ob, Paris ! ever wast thou false, but ghost r mau, of all thy shames this is the shame- fullest. Thou has taken the likeness of dead, and thou has heard me speak such words \- of him as Helen nevor spoke before. Fie on theo, Paris ! fie on thee ! who wouldst trick toe in to shame as onco beforo thou didst trick me iu tho shape of Menclaus, who was my lord. Now I will call on Zous to blast thoo with his bolts. Nay, not on Zeus will I call, but on OdysseuS's self, Odysseus .' Odysseus ! Coiuo thou from the shades and smite this Paris, this trickster, who even in death finds ways to mock thee" Sho ceased, and with eyes upturned aud arms Outstretched murmured 4 Odysseus! Odysseus ! Come." Slowly the Wanderer drew near to the glory of tho Golden Helen— slowly, slowly ho came, till his dark oyes looked into her eyes of blue. Then at last he found liis voice and spake. 44 Helen ! Argivo Helen !" he said, " I am no shadow come up from Hell to torment theo, and of Trojan Paris I know nothing. For I tun OdyBsous, Odyssous of Ithaca, a living mau boncath the sunlight. Hither am I como to soekthee. hither I am come to win thee to my heart. For yonder in Ithaca Aphrodito visited wo iu a dream and bado me wander out upon the sous till at length £ found thoe, Helen, and saw the lied Star hluzo upon thy breast. Aud I have wandered, and I have dared, and I ha vo heard thy song, ami rent tho web of Fate, aud X have seen the Shir, aud lo ! at last, at last ! I find theo. Well I saw thou knowest the firms of Paris, who was thy husband, und to theo I spoke with tho voice of Paris, us of I old thou didst feign tho voices of our wives when wo lay iu tho wooden hoxee within the walls of Troy. Thus I drew tho swectup&s; of thy lovo from thy secret breast, as tho sun draws out the sweetness of the Jlowe:s. But »ow I declare myself to be Odysseus, clad in tho mail of Faris— Urivs-eus como on this last journey to bo thy love and lord." And he coased. Sho trembled and looked at him doubtfully, but at lost she npokc : "Well do I rumnnriKM'," sho said, "that when I washed tho iimhs oi odvsseus, in the balls of Ilios, I marked a great white scar be- nfcath his knee. If indeed thou art Odysseus, und nut a phantom from 'the gods, show me that great scar." Then the Wanderer smiled, aud resting iiis buckler against the pillar of the loom, drew off bis golden grenye, and there was the scar that tho boar dealt with his tusk on the Parnassian bill when Odysseus was a boy. 41 Look, Lady." ho suid, "is this tho scar that once thy eyes looked on in the hall of Troy Yea," she said, " it is the very scar, and mow I know that thou art no ghost and no lying shapo, but Odysscus's self, come to bo my love and lord," ami sho looked most sweetly ifl his eyes. Now the WnnderoMyavcred nr. more, butput 'All rights reserved. his arms to gather her to his heart. Now the Ited Star was hidden on his breast, now tho red drops dripped from the Stay upon his mail, and the face of her who is tho World's Desire grew soft in tho shadow of his helm, while hor eyes were melted to tears beneath his kiss. The Gods send all lovers like joy 1 Softly sho sighed, softly drew back from his arms, and her Hps were opened to speak wheu a change camo over her face. The kind eyes wore full of fear again, as she gazed where, through tho window of the shrine of alabaster, tho sunlight fell in gold upou the chapel floor. What was that which flickered iu tho suulight V or was it only tho dance of the motes in the beam? There was no shadow cast in the. sunshine : why did she gaze ns if she saw another watching this meeting of their loves ? However it, « > there was even a smilo on her lips and mirth in her eves as sho turned aud spoke again. " Odysseus hou art indeed the euuningest of men. Thou has stolcu my secret by thy craft ; who save tnce would dream of craft in such au hour ? For wheu I thought thee Paris, aud thy face was hidden by thy helm, I called on Odysseus in my terror, as a "child cries to a mother. Methinks I have ever held him dear ; always I have fouud him ready at need, though the Gods havo willed that till this hour my love might not be known, nay, not to my own heart ; so I called ou Odysseus, aud thoso words wero wrung from me to scare false Paris back to his own place. But tho words that should havo driven Paris down to Hell drew Odysseus to my breast. And now it is done, uud I will not go back upon my words, for wo have kissed our kiss of troth, before tho immortal Gods havo we kissed, and those ghosts who gunrd tho way to Helen, and whom thou alone couldst pass, ns it was fated, aro witnesses to our oath. And now the ghosts de part, for no more need they guard the beauty of Heleu.jlt is given tojthco to have audto keep, and now is Heleu ouco moro a very woman, for at thy kis9 the curse was broken. Ah, friend! since my lord died in pleasant Laccdtumon, what things have I seen and Buffered by the Gods' decree ! But two things I will toll theo, Odyssous, and thou slialt read thein as thou mayest. Though never beforo in thylife-davs did thy lips touch mine, yot I know that not now for the first time we kiss. And this I know also, for tho Gods have set it in my heart, that though our love shall be short, aud little joy shall wo have one of another, yet death shall not end it. For Odysseus, I am a daughter of the Gods, and though I sleep und forget that which has l>ceu in my sleep, and though my shape change as but flow it seemed to change iu tho oyes of thoso ripo to die, yet I die not. And for thcc, though thou art mortal, death shall be but ns tho short summer nights that mark off day fxoin day. For thou shalt live again, Odyssous, us thou hniit lived bcioro, and life by life we sball rntet and love till the end is come " As tho Wanderer listened he thought once moro of that dream of Meriaraun tho Queen, which the Priest Bci had told him. But he said nothing of it to Helen.. And about tbeQueeu and her words to him it seemed wisest not to speak. " It will bo well to live, Lad, if life by life I find thee for a love." 44 Life by lifo thou shalt find ino, Odvsseus, in this shape or in that shatt thou find.me— for beauty has many forms, aud lovo has many names— but thou shalt over find me but to lose me again. I tell theo that ns but now thou wonnest thy way through the ranks of those who watch me, tho cloud lifted from my mind, and I remembered, and I foresaw, aud I knew why I, tho loved of mauy, might never love in turn. I know then, Odyssous, that 1 am but tho iustrument of tho Gods, who use mo for their cuds. And I know that I loved thoe, and theo only, but with a lovo that began before tho birth-bed, and shall not bo consumed by the fuuerul flame." 41 So bo it, Lady," said tho Wauderor, 44 for this I know, that nover have I loved woman or goddess as I lovo theo, who art henceforth as tho heart in my breast, that without which I may uotlive." 44 Now speak on," sho said, 44 for such words as thoso are like music in iny ears." "Ay, I will spook on. Short shall be our love, thou sayest, Lady, and my own heart tells mo that it is born to bo brief of days. I know that now I go on my last voyaging, and that death comes upon me from the water, tho swiftest death that may be. This, thon, I would dare to ask : When shall we twain bo oue ? For if tho hours of life bo short, let us lovo while we may." Now Helen's golden hair fell before her eyes liko the bride's veil, and she was silent for a timo. Then sho spoko : 44 Not now, and not while I dwoll in this holy place may we be wed, Odvsseus, for so should wo call down upon us tho hato of Gods and men. Tell mo, then, whoro thou dwellcst in tho city, and I will como to theo. Nay, it is not moot. Hearkon, Odyssous. To- morrow, one hour beforo tho midnight, see that thou dost stand without tho pylon gates of this my temple ; then I will pass' out to theo as well as I may, aud thou shalt know mo by thojcwol, tho Star-stone on my breast that nhiuos through the darkness, aud by that alone, and lead mo whither thou wilt. For then tliou shalt bo my lord, and I will be thy wife. And thereafter, as the Gods show us, so will we go. For know, it is in my mind to fly this lund of Kliem, whoro month by month tho Gods have made tho ; people die for me. So till then, farewell, Odysseus, my love, found after mauy days." " It is well, Lady," auswerod tho Wan derer. 44 To-morrow night I meet thee with out tho pylon gates. I also am minded to fly this land of witchcraft and of horror, but I may scarce dopart till Pharaoh return again. For ho has gone down to battle and has left mo to guard his pal ice." 41 Of that wo will talk hereafter. Go now! Go swiftly, for hero we may not talk more of earthly love," said tho Golden Helen. Thou he took her hand and kissed it, and passed from before her glory as a man amazed. But iu his foolish wisdom he spoko no word to her of Meriamun the Quecu. CHAPTER VIII. THE LOOSING OP TUB SPIRIT OP LEI. Rei the Priest bad fled with what speed he might Irom the Gates of Death, thoso gates that guarded the loveliness of Helen aud opened only upou men doomed to die. The old man was heavy at heart, for he loved the Wanderer. Among the dark children of Khein he had seen none like this Achivau, none so goodly, so strong, aud so well versed in all tho arts of war. He remembered how man had saved the life of her he loved above all women— of Meriamun, the moon-child, the fairest queen who had sat upou the tlirono of Egypt, the fairest and most learned, save Tuia only. lie bethought him of tho Wanderer's beauty as ho stood upon tho board while tho long shafts hailed down tho ball. Then he re called the vision of Mcriamuu, which she hud told him long years ago, aud tho shadow in a golden helm which wutclied the changed Ilataska. The moro ho thought, the moro lie was perplexed and lost in wonucr. What did the Gous intend? Of one thing lie was sure, the leaders of tho host of dreams had mocked Meriamun. Tho man of her vision would nover be her love; he had gone to moot his tlcom at the door of the Chapel Perilous. So Rei hastened on, stumbliug in his speed, till he came to tho palace und passed through tho halls towards bis chamber. At the entrance of her ownplaco he met Mcriamuu tho Quecu. There sho stood in tho doorway like a picture in its sculptured frumo, nor could auy sight be more beautiful than she was, clad in her royal robes, anil crowned with tho goldcu snakes. Her black hair luy soft and deep ou her, und her eyes looked strangely forth from beneath tho ivory of her brow. Ho bowed low beforo her, and would have passed ou, but she stayed him. 44 Whither poest thou, Rei ?" she asked, " and why is tin face so sad r" 44 I go about my business, Queen," ho an swered, " and lam sad because no tidings come of l'huraoh, nor of how it has fared with him and lie host of tho Apura." " Perehuuco thou speakest truth, and yot not nil tho truth," sho answered. " Enter, i would have speech with thee." So ho entered, ami at hor command seated himself before her in tho very seat where the Wanderer had ant. Now, us he sat thus, of a sudden Meriamun the Queeu slid to her knees before him, and team stood iu her eves aud her breast was shaken with sobs. And whilo he wondered, thiukimr that she went at last for her son who was dead among the firstborn, she hid her face iu her hands upou lii.s knees, and trembled. ,4 What ails theo, Queen, my fosterling ?" lie said. But alio only took his hand, and laid her own in it, nid tho old priest's eyes wero dim with tours. So sho sat for a while, and then she looked up, hut still alio did uot find words. Anil he caressed tho beautiful Itupcriul bead, that no mau hud seen bowed before. "What is it, my daughter?" ho suid, aud she answered at lost : 44 Hear mo, old friend, who art my only friend— for if I speak not my heart will surely burst ; or if it break not, my brain will burn and I shall he no more a queeu hut a living darkness, whoro vapours creep, and wandering lights shine faintly ou the ruiu of my mind. Mindcit thou that hour?— it was the night after the hateful night that saw mo PJiaraon's wife, when I crept to theo and told thoe tho vision that had come upon my soul, come to mock me even at Pharaoh's side." 44 1 mind it; well," said Rei ; 44 it was a strango vision, nor might my wisdom interpret it." 44 Aud mindest thou what I told theo of the man of my vision— the glorious man whom I must lovo ; ho was clad in golden armour and wore a goldcu helm wherein a apear-poiut of bronze stood fast ?" 44 Yes, I mind it," said llci. 4 Aud how is that man named ?" she asked, whispering, and staring on him with wide eyes. "Is ue not named Eperitus, tho Wanderer? And hath ho not como hither, tho spear-point in his helm V And is not tho hanu of Fate unon me, Meriamun ? Hearken, Rei, hearken ! I love him as it was fated I should love. When first I lookod ou him as ho camo up tho Hall of Audience in his glory, Iknowhiin. I know him for that man who shares tho curso laid aforetiino on him, and on tho woman, and on mo, when in an unknown place, twain becamo three and wero doomed to strive from lifo to lifo and work each other's woo upon tho earth. I knew him, Rei, though ho kuow mo uot, and I say that my soul shook at tho echo of his stop, and my heart blossomed as the black earth blossoms when after Hood Sihor sooks his banks again. A glory camo upon mo, Rei, and I looked forward into tho depths of timo to bo, and kuow him for my love. Then I looked on tho present hour, and nought could I see but darkness, and nought could I hoar hut tho groaus of dying men ami a shrill sound as of a woman siuging," 44 An ill tale, Queen," said Rei, 44 Ay, an ill tale, Rei, and but half untold. Hunrkcu again, I will toll thcc all. Madness hath entered into mo from tho Hathor of Atar- hcchis, the Quecu of Desire. I am mad with love, even I who nevor loved. Oh, Rei ! Rei ! I would win this muu. Nay, look not so sternly on me, it is Fato that drives me on. Last night I spoko to him and discovered to himthonamoho liidos from us, his own name, Odyssous, Laertes's 6ou, Odysseus of Ithaca- ay, thou s tartest, but eo it is. I learned it by my magic, and wrung tho truth even from tho guilo of tho most crafty of men. But it seemed to me that ho turned from mo, though this much I won from him, that ho had journeyed from far to seek me, tho Brido that the Gods havo promised him." Tho priest leaped up from his scat. 44 Lady !'' he cried, 44 Lady! whom 'I serve and whom I havo loved from a child, thy brain is sick, nnd uot thy heart. Thou caust not love hiiu. Dost thou uot remember that thou aro Queen of Khein aud Pharaoh's wife? Wilt thou throw thy honour in tho mire to bo trampled ou by a wandering stranger ?" 44 Ay," sho auswerod. 44 1 am Queeu of Khcra and Pharaoh's wife, but never Pharaoh's love. Honour! Why dost thou prate tome of honour ? Liko Ni'.o m flood, my love hath burst the bulwark or my honour and I mark not where custom sot it. I or all around the waters seotho and foam, and ou them, liko a broken lily, floats tho wreck of my lost honour. Talk not to mo of honour, Rei : teach mo rather how I may win ray hero to my arms." 44 Thou art mad iudeed," ho groaned ; 44 nevertheless, I lmd forgotten— this must needs eud in words und tears, Meriamun. I bring thee tidings. He whom thou desirest is lost to theo for over — to thee and ait the world." She heard, then sprang from the couch and stood over liim like ulion over a slain dcor — her fietco aud lovely face alive with rage and fear. " Is he dead ?" sho hissed iu his ear. " Dead ! and I know it not ? Thon thou linst murdered him, aud thus I avenge liis murder." With tho word sho snatched a dagger from hor girdlo — that samo dagger with which sho onco had struck atMonoptah, Iter brother, when be would have kissed her, aud high it flashed above Rei, tho Priest. 44 Nay," she went on, letting tho knife fall ; "after another fashion shalt thou die — more slowly, Rei, yes, more slowly. Thou knowest tho torment of tho palm-tree ? By that thou shalt die !" She paused, and stood above him with quivering limbs, heaving breast, aud eyes that flashed like stars. 44 Stay ! stay !" he cried. 44 It is not I who havo slain this Wanderer, if he indeed is dead, but his own folly. For he is gouo up to look upon the Strange Hathor, aud thoee who look upon the Hathor do battle witli tho Unseen Swords, and thoso who do battle with the Un seen Swords must lie in the baths of bronze and seek the Under World." Tho face of Meriamun grew white at this word as tho alabaster of the walls, and sho cried aloud with a great cry. Thon she sank upon tho couch, pressing her hand to her brow aud moaning : 44 How may I save him ? How may I save him from that accursed witch ? Alas ! It Is too late— bat at least I will know his end, ay, and hear of the beauty of her who slays nim. Rei," she whispered, not in the speech of Kixom, hut iu the dead tongue of a dead people, 44 he not wrath with me. Oh, have pity on my weakness. Thou knowest of the Putting forth of tho Spirit — is it uot eo ?" 44 1 nm instructed," he answered, in the same speech; 44 'twas I who taught theo this art, I, and that Ancieut Evil which is thine." 44 True — it was thou, Rei, Thou hast evor loved mo, so thou s wearest, and many a deed of droad have we dared together. Lend mo thy Spirit, Rei, that I may sond it forth to the temple of the False Hathor, and learn what passes in tho temple, and of tho death of him — whom I must love." 44 An ill dcod, Meriamun, and a fearful," ho auswored, 44 for thero shall my Spirit meet them who watch the gates, and who knows what may chance when tho bodiless one that yot lmth earthly lifo meets the bodiless ones that live no more on enrth." 44 Yet wilt thou dare it, Rei, for love of me, as beiug instructed thou alone caust do," 8he pleaded. 4 Never have I refused thee aught, Meria mun, nor wtU I say thee nay. This ouly I ask of thee — that if my Spirit comes hack no more, thou wilt bury mo in that tomb which I have made ready by Thebes, and if it may bo, by thy strength of magic wring mo from the power of the strange wardens. I am propared— thou knowest tho spoil— soy it." Ho sank back in tho enrven couch, nnd looked upwards. Then Mcriamuu drew near to him, gazed into his oyes, and whispered in his ear tunt dead tongue she knew. And us she whispered tho face of Rei grew like the face of one aend. Sho drew hack and spoko aloud : 41 Aro thou loosed, Spirit of Rei ?" Then the lips of Re: answered her, saying : " I am loosed, Meriaraun. "Whither shall I go ?" 44 To the court of tho Temple of Hathor, that is before theshriuc." 44 It is done, Meriamun." 44 What eeest thou ?" 44 1 see a man clad in golden armour. lie stands with buckler raised before tho doorway of the shrine, und before liim are the ghosts of heroes dead, though ho may not see them with the eyes of tho fiosh. From within the shrine there comes a souud of singing, and he listens to tho siugiug." 44 What does be hear ?" Then tho loosed Spirit of Rei, tho Triest, told Meriamun tho Queon all the words of the song that Helen sang. And when she heard ana knew that it was Argivo Helen who sat in the halls of Hathor, the heart of the Queen grew faint within her, and hor knees trembled. Yet more did she tremble when she learned thoso words that rang like tho words alio horaolf had hoard in her vision long ago— telling of bliss that hud been, of the hato of tho Gods, and of the uneuding Quest. Now the song ended, and tho Wanderer weut up agonist the ghosts, and tho Spirit of Rei, speaking with tho lips of Rei, told all that befell, while Meriamun hearkened with open ears— ay, ami cried uloud with joy when tho Wanderer forced his path through tho invisible swords. Thcu onco more the sweet voico sang and tho loosed Spirit of Rei told hor the words sho sang, ami to Meriamun they seemed fateful. Then he told her all tho talk that passed be tween tho Wanderer aud tho ghosts. Now the ghosts being gono she bado tho Spirit of Rei follow tho Wanderer up tho sanctuary, and from tho loosed Spirit heard how ho rout tho wob, and of all tho words of Helen and of tho craft or liim who feigned to bo Paris. Then the web wus torn, nnd tho oyes of the Spirit of Rei looked ou tho beauty of her who wus behind it. 44 Tell rao of the fucc of tho False Ilathor ?" said the Queon. And the Spirit of Rei nuswered ; 44 Her faeo is that beauty winch gathered like a mask upon the face of dead Ifatnska, aud upon the fuco of tho Bui, and the face of the Ka, when thou Gpukest with the snirit of her thou hadst slain," Now Meriamun groaned aloud, for sho know thut doom was on her. Last of all, sho heard the telling of tho loves of Odysseus and of Helen, her undying foe, of their kiss, of their hctrotlial, nnd of that marriage which should ho on the inorrow night. Meriamun tho Queen said never a word, but when all was done and the Wanderer had left the shrino again, sho whispered iu the ear of Rei, tho Priest, and drew buck his Spirit to him, so that he awoke as a man awakes from sleep. He awoke and saw tho Queen sittimr over against him with a face white as the faco of tho dead, und about her deep eyes were lines of blaek. 44 Hast thou heard, Meriamun?" ho asked. 44 1 have heard," she answered. tl What dreadful thing bast thou heard ?" he asked again, for he know nought of that which the Spirit had seen. 44 1 havo hoard things that may uot bo told," sho said, 44 but this l will tell theo. Ho of whom wc spoko lmth passed the ghosts, ho hath mot with tho False Hathor — that accursed woman, and ho returns here all unharmod. Now go, Rei!"' . -» CHAPTER IX. thk waking op tiie slkkl'jsll. Rei departed, wondering nnd heavy at heart, nnd Meriaraun tho Queeu passed into her bed-chamber, aud thero she bade tho ounuchs sutler nono to cntor, mado fast tho doors, and threw herself down upon tho bed, hiding her faco in its woven cushions. Thus sho lay for many hours as one deud — till tho darkness of tho ovoniug gnthoro.d in tho chambor. But though bIio movod not. yot in hor hoart thero burned a fire, now wuito with heat as tho breath of Iter passion tanned it, and now waning black and dull as tho tears fell from her oyes. For now sho know all— that the long foreboding was indeed being fulfilled. Sho knew of the devouring lovo that must eat hor lifo away, knew that oven in tho gravo.sho should find no rest. And horfoo was no longor a face behold in a vision, but a living woman, tho fairest and most favoured, Hclon of Troy, Argivo Hoi en, tho False Hathor, tho torch that firod great cities, tho centre of all desire, whoso lifo was tho daily doom of men. Meriamun was beautiful, but her beauty Saled boforo tho face of Holen, us a firo is slain y the sun. Magic sho had also, moro thau auy who were on tho earth ; but what would her spollsnvail against tho magic of those changing eyes ? And it was Holcu whom the Wanderer camo to seek, for her he had travelled tho wide lands and sailed tho seas. But when he told hor of ouo whom li|fdo3ircd, one whom ho sought, she had dcciiled that sho herself was that ono, ay, and had told him all. At thatthought shelaughedout, iu the madness of her angor and her sluimc. And lie had smiled aud spoken of Pharaoh her lord, nnd the whilo he spoke he lmd thought not of her but of tho Golden Helou. Now this at least sho' sworo that if he might uot he hers, novel' should he ho Helen's. She would see him dead ero that hour, ay, and herself, and if it might he, Ileluu would she see dead also. To what counsel should she turn ? Ou tho morrow night theso two met ; on the morrow night they would fly together. Then on tho morrow muBt the Wanderer bo slain. How should ho bo slain and leavo no talc of murder? By poison ho might die, and Karri, tho Sidoniau, should ho charged to give tho cup, and then she would slay Kurri, saying that ho had poisoned tho Wanderor becauso of his hate and the loss of lm goods and freedom ; and yet how could she slay her love ? If onco sho slow him then sho, too, must die and seek hor joy in tho kincdom that Osiris rules, aiul thero sho might find littlo gladness. "What, thon, should she do ? No answer came into her heart. There was one ' that must answer in hersoul. Now she rose froAi the bed aud stood for a while staring into tbD dark. Then sho groped her way to a plaQQ; Where thero was a carvon chest of olive-wood and ivory, and drawing a key from hbr girdle she opened tho chest. Within were jewels; mirrors, and unguents in jars of alabaster-ay. and poisons of deadly bnuc; but sho touched none of theso. Thrust ing her hand deep into tho chest, sho drew forth a casket of dark metal that people deemed unholy, a casket made of 44 TyphonaBoho,!\for so they call groyiron. Sho pressed a seoret spring. It oneneu, and feeling within sho found a smaller casket. Lifting it to her lips, sho whispered ovor it words of no living apeoch, and in tho hcaT and scented dork a low flomo flickered and trembled on hor lips, and sho murmured in tho tonguo of a dead people. Then slowly tho lid opened of itself, liko a liviug mouth that opeus, and as it oponed, a gleam of lmht stolo up from tho box into the dusk of tho chamber. Now Meriamun looked, and shuddered as sho looked. Yet she put her hand into tho box, and muttering, 44 Come forth, come forth, thou Anciont Evil !" drew something to her, and held it out from her ou tho palm of her hand. Behold, it glowed in the uusk of the chambor as a live cmbor glows among tho ashes of tho hearth. Rod it glowed, and green, and white, aud livid blue, and its shape, as it lay upon her hand, was tho shapo of u coiling snake, cut, as it wero, in opal and For a while eho gazed upon it, shuddering as one in doubt. . 44 Minded am 1 to let theo sleep, thou Horror," she mdrmured. t Twice have 1 looked on theo, and I would look no more. Nay, I will dare it, thou gift of Die old wisdom, thou froze& fire, thou sleeping sin, thou living Death of tho death of tho ancient city, for thou alone , hast wisdom." i Thereupon sheunclaspedthobosomof herrobe and laid tne gloaming toy, that seemed a snako of stone, upon hor ivory breast, though sho trembled at its icy touch, for it was moro cold than death. With both hor hands she clasped a pillar of tho chamber, and so stood, and ahe was shakon with throes liko the pangs of childbirth. Thus sho ondured awhile till that which was u-cold grew warm, watchiug its brightness that shone through an alabaster vase. So she stoodfor aii hour,theu swiftly putting oil all her robes and ornaments of gold, and loosing the dark masses of her hair lot it fall round her like a veil. Now sho bent her head down to her breaatand breathed on that which lay upon her breast, for tho Ancient Evil can livo only in tho breath of human lriud. Thrice ahe breathod upon it : thrice she whispered : 4 4 -1 wake — atval.r— awake Aud the first time that she breathed the Thing stirred aud sparkled. Tho second timo that she breathed, it undid its shining folds aud reared its head to hers. Tho third time that the breathed it slid from her bosom to tho floor, then coiled .itself about hor foct and slowly grew as grows the magician's magic tree. Y Greater it grow itndgreatcr yet, and as it grew itshonc like a torch in atomb, and wouud itself about the body of.'Meriamuu, wrapping her in its fiery folds till it reached hor miudlo. Then it reared its head on high, aud from its oyes thero floated a light liko the light of aflame ; and lo ! its faro wob tho face of a fair woman— t was the face of Meriamun. to "be continued. 