LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTION MEETING AT NORWOOD. On Thursday evening Meaara. r. js. a. w. Krichaoff and C H. Goode, candidate! for the representation of the southern dlvbion of 1Kb Leaialitivn Connoil to fill the vaoanov Ramsay, addressed the eleotora in the Eaat Torrens district in the Norwood Town Hall. The attendance waa small, and Hia Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Gepp) preaided. The Chairman atated that Meaara, Krichauff.and Goode, than whom no men were better known in the colony, were the only oandidatea who had announoed them aelyet, Meaara. Stirling and Moulden having retired from the contest Mr. Keichauff began by expressing hia regret that the oooaaion for the election had arisen. Theoruel fate whioh had befallen the late reapeoted Hon. J. G. Ramsay waa within the memory of all. (Hear, hear.) Before expressing hia viewa he might refer to hia first achievements aa » poiitioian. Hia introduction to politic* dated from 1857, when there waa a lot of commotion over the con veyanoing laws. Old coloniate wonld recollect the prominent put whioh the Register tad the late Mr. G. F. Angaa among othera took in that agitation. In oonaequenoe he (Mr. Krichauff) aummoned courage and aacrinced hia time and money u m young farmer in assisting Sir R. R. Torrena In giving them a more apeedy, aaie, and a leas ooatly aystem of conveyancing. (Cheers.) He was exceed ingly well pleased when he had the honour of being one of the nineteen who oarried through that Bill. In the same year he assisted in -getting an alteration made in the law of naturalization. His views were then . somewhat in advance ol the time. Among other things he advocated the laying of a telegraph line from Adelaide to Mount Barker, but that pro posal was defeated, aa it was oonaidered too expensive. In hia maiden apeech he advo oated compulsory education, whioh .was con demned aa an ' abominable German notion.' (Laughter.) He also introduced a motion in favour of payment of members, whioh was rejected aa un-English. These things showed that he waa not a Conservative ; he was, in fact, a moderate Radical. (Cheers.) He would now deal with hia viewa at present. So long aa we bad a 'sleeping' defioit he doubted whether it %ould be wise to go in for a free breakfast table, although he would like to see it. (Hear, hear.) Coming to the Premier's pro posal for a progressive land tax. In V iotoria the tax excluded land valued up to £2,500. Beyond that there was a tax of 1£ per oent on every £100. Country land swere classified according to their sheep-cany ing capabilities, the tax ranging from 9Jd. in Class 1 to 2i-3. in Class 4, or an average of 4§d. in the pound. The highest amount which the Premier would levy as a tax would ba 3d. in the pound, bo that his proposed tax did not nearly approach to the progressive tax of Victoria. At the end of last year there were forty-one more large proprietors in Victoria than there were pre vious to the Act, and the area of the estates that the large proprietors held had been in creased by 154.CC0 acres. The taxable value from the land, however, had decreased by £95,4G0, but there were increases in Class 4 as against decreases in the other three claBsee. ; Still there were at that time 828 freeholders who had to pay land tax out of 48,000 owners oi land. Instead of bursting up the largo ritateB had aotually increased in Victoria under the Act The 'bloated lacd monopolists' wore still to be found, and there were very few who were hying to get iid of their properties. No leas a person than Lord Cairns had con demned the Irish Land Act aa making con fiscation lawful. No doubt something simi lar would be said of the progressive land tax here. But it saemed to him that although the proposal of. the Chief. Secretary was not likely to be carried out, and that if it waa it would not' lead to the bursting up of the large estates, still if there was any necessity for additional taxation it Bhould be in the direotion of progressive land taxation. ThoBe who had money should pay the taxes, and the poorer people should have a free bieakfiet table. (Cheers.) The exemption for town lota should not be allowed unless the land was fully used. If land WRB held merely for speculation he did not Bee why it should not come under the progressive land tax. It had been suggested by the Hon. T. Playford and many others that the land should be repurchased for sub division instead of Imposing the progressive land tax. If that wa* to be oarried out he would say let the land of absentees be re purchased, bnt they could hardly expeotthat much of that policy would be carried oat. Somebody had said that fintolaBB land bad been offered in the Hundred of Hanson, and that there were no purchasers. It waa not to be expected that the farmers after ao many bad years and when the land waa advertised for only & short time could be readily fonnd to purchase the land at a high rate, and the feet that there were not purchasers for that tale 'should not be taken as a criterion that there was no demand for good land, There was a demand for good land, and the difficulty was to find it. There was one matter whioh had not been touohed npon, Supposing a man held a thousand acres which he bad purchased at its unimproved value of £10, the extra tax he would have to pay would be £5 4s. 2d., but if he reaped 500 acres and got a pretty fair average crop, aay of 8 bnahela, he might be able to tell 3,500 bushela in bnlk, and get a halfpenny a bushel more than a enoaller farmer. At a halfpenny a bushel more than the smaller farmer he would have £7 5a. lOd. more than would have to be paid in reapeot to the progressive land tax. With regard to large holders, if they did not use their land properly they ihould be made to pay the extra tax. He had a little knowledge of the working of the property tax in Cali fornia, where everything almost down to a mousetrap was taxed, and he did not believe in the tax. So far ss hotel licences were concerned he thought they should be on the eliding scale. Outside hotels and many of the snburban hotels could not afford to pay the high licence-fees that were demanded, while some of the other honsea could afford to p»y even higher fees if necessary. With reference to the 25 per cent, subsidy to Corporationa and District Councils, the Legialaturs had done away with the grant-in-ald, and whether the money was paid over in one way or another it came out of the pockets of the people, and, therefore, if it was the desire of the Corpora tions and District Councils to have the 25 per cent, they should be allowed to have it. There seemed to be very little ohanoe of having complete federation for a very long time. The Treasurer had triad to establiah a reciprocity treaty with Queensland, bnt unfortunately he had not met with auoosss. The natural produota of South Australia might certainly have an ontlet to Qaeenaland and New Zealand in exchange for produota of those colonies, bnt there waa alwaya a diffi culty with respect to the manufacturers. Many of the manufacturers were not yet strong enough to have complete federation. It wonld be years before federation existed, but they should not throw a damper on the attempt which was being made to farther the cause. If| federation were brought about Australia would be a powerful State, and it wonld be neceisary to define the powers of the Dominion Government. It wonld pro bably deal with the poat and telegraphs, the HghthouaeB, the river navigation, defence, the naturalization laws, Courts of Appeal, and the railways. How the Dominion Legisla ture was to be eleotod was also a matter fer determination. He believed the simplest way of dealing with the matter would be to elect the members from the provincial Legialaturea. Very muoh oould be done in the direotion of law reform. Many years ago he lntrodnoed a motion in the House of Assembly with a view of aecurkm a simplification of the way in whioh probate oould be obtained, and had to give it np in despair, owing to the crowded notice-paper preventing him prosecuting the matter ; bnt If they returned him to the Connoil, where the paper was never so full, he would Lave an opportunity of anin in troducing the subject and having itdedded npon. They should be able to make a will and deposit It with the Registrar, with whom It should be allowed to remain, and after death the executor should have the right to claim an office copy, whioh should be sufficient for all purposes. If any large and important Billa were to be brought forward they should be dealt with early in the session, and not at the fag end. when private mem bers had not the ghost of a ohanoe of carry ? ing amendments. There should be provisions in the Real Property Aot the same as existed in Germany, where, if a person had several mortgagees on his property sad he paid off the first one, the plaoe was left blank so that he might take op the first mortgage again. In thia colony, as soon as the first mortgage waa paid off the second one jumped in, and perhapa the third, and there wu no ohanoe of getting on. Another matter whioh re quired alteration was the provision whioh made the mortgagor instead of the mortgagee pay the coats of tranamisaion in the case of death. He hoped very mnch that the Cor porationa Bill wonld be Introduced as soon as posdble. There waa a qaastlon of Impor tance to Mining Companies— the payment of bonuses— that ought to be considered. He bad no objection to granta being made to Companiea which had mlnea with reatonable pi ospeots of becoming payable. With regard to education he did not think any alteration waa necessary. They knew the strife whioh had occurred over the question, and the better way was to let the Aot alone. All public works should be of a re productive character. Having been 666 miles along the Transcontinental Rail way he had oome to the oonolusion that sooner or later {they would have to go on to theMaeDonnell Ranges, beoause the present terminus was in the worst oountry ; but there was no immediate hurry for the work. Camels would be able to carry on the traffio where the railway was not built. He believed the 4 ft. 84 in. gsnge would have tc be adopted unless they oould arrange for the adoption of the 5 ft. 3 in., bat in any case it would be a mistake to go on building new railwsya until the matter waa Battled. He had alwaya held the opinion that one ol the Railway Commissioners should have been an engineer. With regard to Govern ment contracts and the eight-hours system, be would support anything whioh would secure the carrying out of contracts under that system. If returned he wonld do hit best to serve the district faithfully and welL The time would come, he hoped, when laboui wonld employ capital Instead of oapital employing labour. (Hear, hear.) While hi atuck up for the working man he felt aym pathy with the unfortunate olerka, especi ally the poor fellows who were engaged night after night in the Survey Office. (Hear, hear.) The Civil Service needed reforming, so that better chances ahould be opened up f 01 the young men employed by the Government It wonld be well to establish a Life Aaauranoc Society for the Ciril servants. (Hear, hear.) If a new reservoir was needed for Adelaide we should engage a colonial engineer to report on the soheme. (Sear, hear. ) Tne administration of the last Land Aot did not give him satisfaction, owing per haps to the Act being worded loosely. The Land Boards ought not to hurriedly allot large blocks, but wait for suitable applicants, and allotments ought to be made as .often as once a month. Selection before survey should be legalized under conditions. The Constitu tion Aot .should be altered to create six divisions for the Leglalativa Council instead of four. If elections wen held of toner it would mean that the power of the Council would be Increased. (Hear, hear) If elected be would try to do his duty. (Cheers.) Mr. Goode, who .was. well received, ex pressed his sorrow at the unfortunate death of the Hon. J. G. Ramsay, a gentleman of sterling ability aud worth. (Hear, hear.) A member of the Legislature ahould be free to exercise his own judgment, and not be re garded as a delegate. By oonviolion he was a Freetrader, but seeing that the country had adopted a protective tariff he was milmg to give it a fair trial. It was very undesirable that they should constantly tinker with the tariff, seeing that It would mean an inter ference with the trade of the oommunity. If any alteration was made it ahould be in the direction of taking the dutiea off goods that could not be produced in the colony, and possibly increasing the duties on other goods. Personally he was in favour of allow ing the tariff to remain as it was for a time. (Hear, bear.) He believed the advantages to South Australia from federation with the other colonies would far outweigh the dis advantages. It might take seven years to bring about federation, and by then South Australians would surely be able to compete with the other colonies. He was certain that it was not the worst men who had stuck to the colony during the recent depression, and that they were not to be easily frightened by competition from outside. (Cheers,) Here were the natural outlets for the rich western districts of New South Wales and Queensland. If trade was allowed freely to follow its natural course it must come here, and South Australia should take a high position in the meroan tile future of the dominion of Australia. (Cheers.) He would do all he could to assist the movement for intercolonial free trade, (Hear, hear.) A great miatake was made when the Transcontinental Rail way was diverged from Hergott to the west ward and carried into exceedingly poor country, which would have to be bridged before the MacDonnell Ranges were reached. By serving our neighbours with our rail ways we served ourselves. It was a short sighted policy to keep away from the other colonies. The line to Broken Hill had been of immense benefit to us, while it had proved of service ; to New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) Any fnrther extension of the Trans continental line Bhonld be very oarefullj considered, He did not see bow it oould paj its working 'expenses. We should nave s line diverging from Hergott, going up on the eastern side of the lake to tap the fertile western dis tricts of Queensland. (Hear, hear.) He Bhould be very glad to see a direot line of railway on the 4 ft. 8& in. gauge to Broken Hill, because he was oonvinced that the Broken Hill mining distriot waa as yel only in its infancy, and that it would be hundreds of years before the minerals wen worked out It wonld be of immense benefil to ub to be in direct railway communication with Sydney. Of course it would n.ean thai we should be brought into fiercer coznpetitios with Sydney on the Barrier, but we need noi Jear that. Undoubtedly we should aim al the adoption of the 4 ft 8J in. gauge. Pos sibly we might be connected with Queensland by the 3 ft. 6 in. gauge for some time to come, However, we ought not to be in ft hurry tc contract new loans for the railways. (Hear, hear.) The Government ought in every waj to encourage the mining industry, which wai not affected by dry seasons like the agrioul tural and pastoral indnstries were. At the same time something should be done to pro vent the floating of bogus mining ventures, which had proved a great hindrance to thi true development of the country. (Sear, hear.) He had a high opinion of the mineral resources of South Australia. Aa a traveller ii New Zealand he believed that the mineral wealth of that country did not approach any thug like the wealth we had in South Aus tralia. The fruit and vine- growing industrial should alto be encouraged. He did not think there was any country on the earth bo well adapted for producing wines suoh as wen w quired in Europe as SoutL Australia. Con eiderwg the small amount of money voted f 01 the purpose, our vignerons had done wonder fully well at the Paris and the New Zealand Exhibitions. (Hear, hear.) Twenty-foul years ago be moved in Parliament for 1 Seleot Committee on the land laws. He wai very desirous then of introducing a system of classifying landa that would prevent bogus competition and tend to secun proper settlement. Unfortunately a great deal of our publio landa whioh posaeaaed thi beat rainfall wen alienated without beinj settled npon by population. He did noi think that private interests should stand ii the way of the public good. If it oould be proved that land was not being turnec to the best aocount the Government woulc be justified in taking it from thi present occupiers. But the State oould not afford to do an Injustice to say one, and ii resumption wu resorted to there ahould bi compensation. He was very glad that 1 large number of smallholdings had been taken up by labouring; men. It would be well ii the blocks covered more than twenty acres Settlement must be encouraged by all means (Hear, hear.) Holders of strictly pastora lands should be encouraged to effeot im provements by having ft secure tenure Land had sometimes been resumed anc then given over to vermin. We should give? the pastoralists aRvirtaal oertaint] of tenure, while we held the power ol resumption, to be exercised only ii case of mines being discovered or thi land being required for publio purposes, The present land and income tax ayaten worked fairly well, and we should not altei it. All claiT« ahould pay their fair propor tion of taxation. He was opposed to thi single tax, and he did not know who would care to hold land If all the value was taxed out of it The bulk of the security of Lift Insuranoe 8ocietiee consisted of landed pro perty, and if the value was taxed out of II the result would be that the widows and orphans of the assured would suffer. Thi progressive land tax waa not likely to suc ceed. It would Involve injustice, becaost many men holding large quantities of land were really less financially interested in then properties than wen the holders of small areas In theirs. Anything like olase leglala tion ahould be avoided, and the Stati ahould ace that no injustice wae dor* to any one. (Here, hear.) Then wai no question of greater Importance than the education of the young. The future of South Australia depended upon what- we were doing for the children. Thi education aystem now in operation by the State wu an exceeding; good one. and; equal to that of any oountry In the world. He had opposed the proposed capitation grant because he considered it ft retrograde step, To subsidize private schools after spending the large auma that we had done on Stati schools would be a fatal mistake. An] further outlay should go towards perfeotint our national scheme of education, and not be devoted to encouraging the competition ol private schools against the State Institutions, It wu a good thing that the capitation pro posal wu so easily disposed of. (Cheers.) Local option wu surrounded with many difficulties, Hedld not think theprinclple oould be carried out with acceptance in small distriots, but it might be applied successfully over extanalvt areas. Should the electors see fit to return him he would give hia best attention to the duties. (Cheers.) In answer to a question Mr. Goode aaid Ii taxation wu taken off the Cuatoma he would ba disposed to make up the deficiency bj increasing the land tax, and not by ft pro perty tax, because property wu reached now by the various forms of taxation in opsration. He wu not in favour of the progressive land tax. Mr. Kbichauff had not fully considered the advisableness of giving private prospec tors an advance of money, but he would be against Government prospecting partiei being sent ont. It wu not likelj that the Ministry would be Inoreased by the appointment of a Minister of Mines, and u the work of the Commissioner ol Crown Lands would decrease in a year 01 more that Minister could undertake the. duties of Minister of Mines. He approved of ailver mining being subsidized u well u gold; mining. Mr. Goods thought the time had not come for the establishment of a Mines Department, bnt he would support it when he considered it wu neceuary. He did not see why silver and coal mining should not be subsidized as well u gold mining. With regard to Sir John Downer's Divorce Bill, Mr. Kbichauff thought the law ahould not be altered. Mr. Goode did not fully understand the soope of the Bill, but he wai very much against giving too great facilities for obtaining divoroe. His feeling was rather to restriot than facilitate divoroe. He would oppose payment of members, and if there wu any proved necessity for an alte ration in the management of the rail ways he would support suoh a move ment, but he believed the Commissioners were doing their best to make the railways pay. He, however, thought the Commissioner of Pablio Works should give the final decision on railway matters. Mr. KfiiOHATJFF also thought the Commissioner should be called upon to give final decisions. He had not considered the truant school question, bnt would do so. Mr. Goods strongly favoured the establishment of a truant aohool. He did not think there was any necessity to grant a Tradea Hall site. Peorle relied too much on the Government, and they ahould be taught to indulge mon in self-reliance. Mr. Kbichauff favoured the granting of a site for a Tradea HalL but not that which wu mentioned in the BUI of last aession. He did not oan whether money or land wu given. Hn Goodi wu In favour of the eight-hours system u far as possible. Other questions wen answered. A vote of thanks to the oandidatea and the Mayor dosed the meeting. 