AMTTSIillvrHWTK THEATRE ROYAL. ' MACRKTI! ' ,,V. a marKed originality about Mr. Milns conniption of Macbeth as played by him at the Theatre Royal last night. Of superior sort, Macbeth, perhaps, has the loast claim upon our sympathies ; his character is a negative ono at its best; ho is physically a brave warrior belonging to an ago when all men of his class required to bo ready for doughty deeds, but when put to tho test his moral courage fails miserably, letting 'I dare not' wait upon 'I would.' Hamlet looked upon the killing of his fratricidal uncle as a matter of duty. Gloater was a man of intellect and wonderful oon trivance, his wholesale murders were part of his consummately wily policy, and his Bot sohoinu was as grand as his ambition was great; more over, he was to a great extent tho buIo originator of his own plots. Macbeth was but tho tool of his haughty, relentless, masculine-hearted wife. Othello's torribln deed was tho outcome of an equally dreadful conspiracy, worked by a wily, vindiotivo schemer, against whoso wicked genius the open, generous nature of the Moor was power less. Othello was grand even in his deepest folly. Macbeth had neither the wit to con- ? ceivo nor tho courago to execute until ' tho 'fell fiend'— his wife— drovo him to tho ? task he shrunk from. His weakness ; of purpose and vacillating nature aro torsoly ? summed up by Lady Macbeth in her com ments upon tho letter sho receives in tho castlo at Inverness — ? It Is too Ml of the milk offiS^JS; nalar°: I To catch the nearest way; thou -woulddt ho great Art not without ambition, but without Tlio illness should attend it. What thou wouldst highly, That thou wouldst liolily; wouldst not play falso. ' Andyetwouldsfc'HToiiglyv.-in. [ Mr. Miln's view of Macboth's character was, as we said before, to some oxtont original ; he presonted him to tho audionco as pne of bold and martial mien ac- ' cording to tho customary conception, and in | tho interviews with Lady Macbeth ho makes him all she herself has painted him, vacillating, almost cowardly, coveting tho honour, but dreading tho means by which they were to bn reached. Later on when committed to the course of crimo ho seems to tako tho control i himself, and exhibits a dcterminatiati : which was at first foreign to his feelines. In tho declamatory passages tho actor was very good, and rarely overstepped the bounds of nature. He was frequently applauded, and tho representation met with decided approval. Miss Kate Douglas was by no means a weak Lady Macbeth, so far as acting went, but has not tho faco or commanding presence for such a tragical role. Mr. Montgomery, with his tall, athletic figure, mado a splendid Macdulf. Mr. Clement Wakefield, an actor of considerables promise, had tho doublo rulo of Malcolm and Donalbain, and acquitted himself creditably. Mr. Hill's Duncan was rather mechanical, and Mr. Atholwald was well cast as Bauquo. The rest of tho company supported tho principals satisfactorily. In the carousal scene, whom tho ghost of Banquo appears, tho appari tion is left to tho imagination, a 6trango light being thrown on the empty seat of the absent guest, and Maoboth apostrophizes this ; very effectively, however. At the fall of tho curtain thero woro loud calls for Mr. Miln, but ho did not respond. Tho houso was a thin one, but vory appreciative. To-night Mr. Miln takes hi3 benefit, and ho ought to havo a bumper house. Tho company have worked exceedingly hard, having to play a new pieco every night. 'Richard II L' is to bo repeated. 