THE BOUT OF THE WHITE HUSSABS. By RUDYARD KIPLING. (FROM " PLAIN FBOJt THE HILL3.") Some people hold that au English cavalry regiment cannot run. ThiB is a mistake. I have keen four hundred aud thirty-seven sabres flying over the face of the country in abject terror— have seeu the best regiment that ever drew bridle wiped off the Army List for tbe space of two hours. If you repeat this tale t' the White Hussars tliey will in all probability treat you severely. They are not proud of the incident i You may know the White Hussars by their " side," which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this is not a sufficient mark, you may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years in the mess and is worth going far to taste. Ask for the " M'Gaire" old brandy, and see that you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and that the genuine article will be lost on you, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when you are at mess, you must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-distance rides. The mess are very sensi tive ; and if they think you are laughing at them, will tell yon so. As the White Hncsars say, it was the colonel's fault. He was anew man, and he ought never to have taken the command He said that the regiment was not smart enough. This to the White Huesars, who knew that they could walk round anv Horse and through any guns, and over any Foot on the face of the earth ! That insult was the first cause of offence. Then the colonel cast the drum-horse — the drum-horse of the White Hassars ! Perhaps you do not see what an unspeakable crime he had committed. I will try to make it clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the druiu- horse who carries the silver kettle-drums. He is nearly always a big piebald Waler. That is a point of honour ; and a regiment will spend anything you please ou a piebald. He is beyond the ordinary laws of casting. His work is very light, aud he only manoeuvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so long as he can step out aud look handsome, his wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. The drum-horse of tho White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and. perfectly equal to his duties. He had at least six years more work in him, and earned himself with all the pomp and dignity of a drum-major of the Guards. The regiment had paid l,2U0rs. for him. But the colonel said that he must go, and he was cast in due form and replaced by a wasliy, bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a ewe-neck, rat-tail, and cow-hocks. The drummer detested that animal, and the best, of the baud-horses put back their ears and thawed the whites of their eyes at the very tight of him. They knew him for an upstart and no gentleman. I fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to the hand, and that he wunted to make it take part in the regular parade move ments. A cavalry band is a sacred thing. It only turns out for commanding officers' parades, and the bandmaster is one degree more im portant than the colonel. Ho is a high priest, and the " Keel Row" is his holy song. The ' Keel Row" is the cavalry trot ; and the man who has never heard that tune rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of the regi ment going past the saluting- base, has some thing yet to hear and understand. Whrn the colonel cast the. drum- horse of the White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny. The officers were .angry, the regiment were furious, and the bandsmen swore — like troopers. The Drum-Horse was going to be put up to auction — public auction — to be bought perhaps by Parsee and put into a cart ! It was worse than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world, or selling the mess plate to a, Jew — a black Jew. The colonel was a mean man and a bully. He knew what the regiment thought about his action ; and when the troopers offered-to buy the drum- horse, he said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regula tions. , But one of the subalterns— Hogan-Yale, an Irishman — bought the drum- horse for 160rs. at the sale ; and the colonel was wroth. Yale professed repentance — he was unnaturally sub missive—ana said that, as he had only made the purchase to save the horse from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now shoot him aud end the busiuess. This appeared to soothe the colonel, for he wanted the drum- horse disposed of. He felt that he had made a mistake, aud could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of the drum- horse was au annoyance to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, three cheroots, aud his friend Martyn ; and they all left the mess together. Yale aud Martyn conferred for two hours in Yale's quarters ; but only the bull-terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees knows what they aai/i a nnraa nA/nlaii am/i 4a !««« BlWUi a UWI OUf uvvuuu ouu DUUUbUU vu Alio GCfclOy left Yale's stables, and was taken, very un willingly, into the Civil Lines. Yale's groom went with him. Two men broke into the regimental theatre and took several paint pots and some large scenery brashes. Then night fell over the Cantonments, and there was a noise as of ahorse kicking his loose-box to pieces in Yale's stables. Yale had a big, old, white Waler trap-horse. The next day was a Thursday, and the men, hearing that Yale ye as going to snoot the drum- horse in the evening, determined te give the beast a regular regimental funeral — a finer one than they would have given the colonel had he died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried out to the place where the anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of the regiment follow ing There was no band, bat they all sang " The Place where the old Horse Died," as something respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was damped into the grave and the men began _ throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farrier- sergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, " Why, it ain't the drum-horse any more than it's me !" The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left, his head in the can teen. The farrier-sergeant said that he knew the dram-horse's feet as well as he knew his own ; hat he was silenced when he saw the regimental number bnrut in on the poor stiff up-turned near-fore. Thus was the drum- horse of the White Hussars buried ; _ the farrier-sergeant grum bling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black paint ; and the farrier-sergeant drew attention to this fact. But the troop Bergeant- niajor of E. Troop kicked him severely on the shin, and told him hat he was undoubtedly drunk. On the Monday following the burial, the colonel sought revenge on the White Hussars. Unfortunately, being at that time temporarily in command of the station, he ordered a brigade, field-day. He said that he wished to make the regiment " Bweat for their d d insolence," and he carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of the hardest days in the memory of the White Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushed forward, and withdrawn, and dismounted, and " scientifically handled" in every possible fashion over dusty country, till they sweated profusely. Their only amusement came late in the day when they fell upon the battery of Hone Artillery and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, and most of the troopers had money on the event ; the gunners saving openly that they had the legs of the White Hussars. They were wrong. A march- oast concluded the campaign, and when the veginient got back to their fines, the men were coated with dirt from spur to chin-strap. : The White Hassars have one great and peculiar privilege. They own it at Fontenoy, I think. ' Many regiments possess special rights sucb as wearing collars with undress uniform or a bow of ribbon between the shoulders, or red and white roses in their helmets on certain days of the year. Some rights are connected with regi mental saints, and some with regimental-suc cesses. All are valued highly ; but none so highly as the right of the White Husntrs to have the band playing when their horses are being watered in tne lines, , Only one tune is played, and that tune never vanes. I doiflt know its real name, but the White Hussars call it, " Take me to London Again. " It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner be struck off the roster than, forego their distinc tion. After the " dismiss" was sounded, the offi cers rode off home to prepare for stables ; and the mtn filed ir.to the lines riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shifted their helmets, and began to joke or to swear as the humour took them ; the more careful slip ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper values his mount exactly as much us he values himself, and believes, or should believe, that the two together are irresistible where women or men, girls or guns, are concerned. Then the orderly-officer gave the oruer, " Water horses," and the regiment- loafed off to the squadron- troughs which weie in rear of the stables and between these and the barracks. There were four hugh troughs, one for each squadron, arranged en echelon, so that the whole regiment could water in ten minutes if it liked. But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while the baud played. The baud struck up as tho squadrons filed off to the troughs, aud the men slipped their feet out of the stirrups and chaffed each other. The sun was just setting in a big, hotbed of red cloud, and the road to the ci vil lines 6eomed to run 8-raight iuto the sun's eye. There was a little dot ou the road. It grew arid crew- till it showed as a horse, with a Bort of gridiron- thing on his back. The red cloud glared through the bars of the gridiron. Some of the troopers shaded their eyes with their hands and said, " What the mischief 'as that there 'orse got on 'im ?" In another minute they heard a neigh that every soul — horse and man— in the regiment knew, and saw, heading straight towards the band, the dead drum-horse of the White Hussars ! On his withers hanged and bumped tbe kettle-drums draped in crape, and ou his back, very stiff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. The band stopDed playing, and, for a moment, there Was a hush. Then some one iu E Troop— men said it was the troop-sergeant-major— swung his horse round and yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; hut it seems that, at least, one mau in each troop set an ex ample of panic, and the rest followed like sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared aud capered; but as 60on as the baud broke, which it did wheu the ghost of the drum-horse was about a furlong distant, all hooves followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede— quite different from the orderly throb and roar of a movement on parade, or the rough horse-play of watering in catup — made them only more terrified. They felt that the men ou their bucks were afraid of something. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. Troop after troop turned from the troughs and ran — anywhere and every where— like spiit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses were in all' stages of easiness, aud the carbine-buckets flopping against their sides urged their horses on. Men were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull clear of the baud which was being chased by the drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. The colonel had gone over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and the subaltern of the day was preparing to go down to the lines, and receive the watering re ports of the troop-sergeant-majors. When " Take me to London Again" (topped, after twenty bars, every one iu the mess said, "What on earth has happened?" A minute later, they heard unmi:itary noises, and saw, far across the plain, the White Hussars scat tered, and broken, and flying. The colonel was speechless with rage, for he thought that the regiment had risen against him or was unauimously drunk. The hand, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its heels laboured tho drum-horse— the dead and buried drum-horse— with the jolting, clattering skeleton. Hogan-Yale whispered softly to Martyn — "No wire will stand that treatment," and the band, which had . doubled like a hare, came back ayain. Butthe rest of the regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had shut in and each man was howl ing to hi3 neighbour that the drum-horse was on his flank. Troop-horses are far too tenderly treated as a rule. They can, on emergencies, do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long this panic lasted I ca. mot say. I believe that when the moon rose the men saw they had nothing to fear, and, by twos and threes and half-troops, crept back into canton ments very much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, the drum- horse, disgusted at his treatment by old friends, pulled up, wheeled round, aud trotted up to the mess verandah- steps for bread. No one liked to run ; but no one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's foot. The baud hud halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel called it, individually and collectively, every evil uame that occurred to him at the time ; for he had set his hand on the bosom of the drum-horse and found flesh and blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with his clenched fist, and dis covered that they were hut made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still Bwearing, he tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, but found that it had been wired into the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis . and his knee in the old drum- horse's stomach, was striking, not to say amusing. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, say ing to the band — " Here, you cars, that's what you're afraid of." The skeleton did not look pretty in the twilight. The band-sergeant seemed to recognise it, for he began to chuckle and choke. " Shall I take it away, sir ?" said the band-sergeant. " Yes," said the colonel, "take it to hell, and ride there yourselves!" The band-sergeant saluted, hoisted the skeleton across his Baddle-bow, and led off to the Btables. Then the colonel began to make inquiries for the rest of the regiment, and the language he used was wonderfnl. He would disband the reaiment — be would court-martial every sonl in it— he would not command such a set of -rabble, and so on, and s6 on. As the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free speech allowed even to a colonel of horse. Martyn took Hogan-Yale aside and sug gested compulsory retirement from the servica as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was the weaker man of the two. Hogan-Yale put up his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that \- he was the son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as innocent as the babe unborn of the theatrical resurrection ot the drum-horse. " My instructions," said Yale, with a singu larly sweet 6mile, " were that the drum-horse should he sent back as impressively as possible. I ask you, am I responsible if a mule- beaded friend Eends him back in such a manner as to disturb the peace of mind of a regiment of Her Majesty'scavalry ?" Martyn said, " You are a great man, and will in time become a general ; but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of this affair." Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Yale. The second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein tbe subal terns ofthe White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths oil the colonel's part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented the scare as the work of some trooper whom it would be hopele6B to detect; and I know that he dwelt upon the sin and the shame of making a public laughing-stock of the scare. "They will call us," said the second in command, who had really a fine imagination — " they will call us the 1 Fly-by-Nights ;' they will call us the 'Ghost Hunters;' they will nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders understand that the offi cers were away when the panic began. For the honour of the regiment and for vour own sake keep this thing quiet. " The colonel was so exhausted with anger that soothing him down was not so difficult as might he imagined. He was made to see, gently and by degrees, that it was obviously impossible to court-martial the whole regiment and equally impossible to proceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, had any concern in the hoax. "Bat the beast's alive! Hvs never been shot at all !'' shouted the colonel. " It's fiat flagrant disobedience ! . I've known a man broke for less — damn sight less. They're mock ing ine, I tell you, Mutinan ! They're mock ing me ! Once more, the second in command set him- > self to soothe tbe colonel, arid wrestled with him for half en hour. At the end of that time, i the regimental sergeant- major reported him- i self. The situation was rather novel to him ; but he was not a man to he put out by circnm- l stances. He saluted and said, " Regiment all come colonel—" An' \- worse, sir;."" The colonel only " Yon'd ; better tuck the men \- then, and see-' that they don't' wake in the night;?' ' The sergeant withdrew. His- little ettoke of humour pleased- the fndj further, he felt slightly ashamed ® . language- he had been using. The second m command- worried him -again, and the two sat'talking far into thenight.- Next-day but one, there was a commanding officer's parade, and the colonel harangued the White Hussars vigorously. The pith of his speech- was that, sines the drum- horse in his old age had proved- himself capable of catting pp the whole regiment, he should return to his post of pride at the head of the hand, but the regiment were a- set of ruffians with bad con sciences.. ; The- White Hussars shouted, and threw everything movable about them into the air, and when the parade was over, they cheered ;the colonel till they couldn't speak. No cheers were put up for Lieutenant Hogan-Yale, who smiled- very sweetly in the back-ground. Said the second in command to the colonel, unofficially — . "These little things ensure popularity, and . do not the least affect discipline." " But I went back on my word;" said- the colonel. " Never mind;" said the second in command.. " The White, Hussars will follow yon-any where from to-day. Regiments are j ust like women. They will do anything for trinketry." A week later, Hogan-Yale received an extra ordinary letter from - some one who signed him self " Secretary, Charity andZeal, 3709, E.C.," and asked for "the return of our skeleton which we have reason to believe is in your pos session." "Who the dence is this lunatic who trades in hones ?" said Hogan-YalA. " Beg your pardon, sir," said the baud- sergeant, " but the skeleton is with me, an' I'll return it if you'll pay the carriage into the civil lines. There's a- coffin with it, sir." Hogan-Yale smiled and handed two rupeesto the band-sergeant, saying, "Write the date on the skull, will you ?" If you doubt this story, and know where to go, you can see tbe date on the skeleton. But don't mention the matter to the White Hussars. I happen to know something about it, be cause I prepared the dram-horse for his resur rection. He aid not take kindly to the skeleton at all. , v 