THiE MATCH WENT OUT. When I was a lad of 17 I was office boy for Pinkerton's Philadelphia agency and was just wild, of course, to be stnt out on a case. Every time. the captain got a new job I would slide up to him and say: "Cap'n, you'd better let me go out on that," and he would answer with a quizzical grin: "Not this time, Harry. Wait till the next case." Along in December of that year there was a great rush of businessat our office. We had fifteen detectives, all old, experi enced hands, and they were on the jump night and day. Weo could not handle the business that was coming in, and the captain was wishing we had some more men. I remember as well as can be sit ting in my chair by the door and the captain calling out in fun from his pri vate office: "I guess we'll have to let you take the next case, Harry." Hardly had he said the words when the door opened and a raw old country man entered. He proved to be Joe Bay lis, a Montgomery county justice of the peace, and he wanted the captain to send a man down with him to attend to a ghost who was cutting didoes at Foro Washington. The captain told him he would send a man as soon as he had one at his disposal. The old fellow left and I jumped to my feet. "Captain," I said, "send me on that case." The captain leaned back in his chair and looked at me hard. "Seo here, Harry," he said, "suppose I were to send you, what would you do?" I outlined an elaborate plan of canm paign against the ghost. He let me finish and then said: "You'd make a confounded ass of your self, now, wouldn't you? You'd make us the laughing stock of the town. Now listen. In the first place, always bear this in mind-there is no such thing as a ghost. If I send you to Fort Washing ton, go there with that idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost. If you see tihe ghost and get near enough, jump for it. Don't be afraid, it won't hurt you; just jump for it. It will turn out to be a human being-no doubt of that. Now, I'll let you go and try your hand. Don't make a fool of yourself. If you see the ghost and think you can't handle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is." The captain gave me money and away I went. I felt pretty brave, for it was bright daylight then, but there were times when I wished myself well out of the thing. I got to Fort Washington about 3 o'clock, and inquired the way to the haunted housefrom the station agent. I found it on a hill about half a mile from the town, and looked it over with interest and apprehension. It was an old white frame mansion standing in park like grounds with plenty of out housesabout it. Some countrymen whom I met told me that the ghost was in the habit of standing on the top of the broad stone wall that scirted the roadway. There was an outhouse so situated that any one concealed in it could overlook the whole stretch of wall from end to end, and I made up my mind that this was the place for me to get into before the ghost made its appearance. Then I went back to the hotel, took my supper and chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. I learned that it first appeared aboutthreeo weeks before my arrival. A man named MeTanish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to en counter it. He was coming to the town one night from the grist mill with a sack of meal on his back and paused for a minute in front df the old house to set the bag down en a stump and rest his shoulder. He heard a noise behind him, and turning round, saw standing on the wall a figure he afterward said was this teen feet high at least. He did not stop to observe the figure very carefully, though, but ran as hard as he knew how down the road. Next night a party of men saw the ghost and they also ran. They said the ghost made after them, breathing fire and brimstone and acting in a peculiarly weird and unholy man ner. After that the house was avoided at night, but several strong parties of men, including the selectmen of the town, saw the ghost from a respectful distance. It approached them in each case and in each case they took to their heels. , About dusk I stole down to the de sorted house and it was dark when I got there. I slid along the wall to the out house, crept cautiously in and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the door wheat knew that there was some other person in that outhouse. I felt sure therowas somebody close by my elbow. [Iwas trembling likea leaf, but I man agedto pull a match from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big white muffled figure not two feet sway. Then the match went out. hahs I seared? Well, now, I shouldsay so. There are mom people who laugh at the idea of a man's hair standing on end. They say it h aphysical impossibility, but I know oetter. I could feel my hair rise right Up and lift my hat and my flesh crept.' but lhad no time to think. jumped. Sad to jUmp. I shut my eyes andi gabbed for thle ghost. I was so fright-; aedi teemed tolose consciousness for a dlecnt, but grabbed something andl eldaon. Whenthe first shock passed I le the ghost tugging and pulling to get1 ay from me. It seemed as badly frightened us I mas "and ts' hainds wert soft and warm. "Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I wal choking, but I pulled my captive out on the lawn and looked at it in the moon, light. The sheet that had been muffled about the figure fell to the ground-a pretty girl of 15 was disclosed. I was is a cold perspiration and shaking as if re. covering from a shock of electricity, but when I saw that I had caught a real genuino flesh and blood girl and no ghost I began to feel better.and presently was able to talk. "Who are you?" I asked. "Jennie Baylis." "What? The daughter of Joe Baylis?" "Yes, sir." "What are you doing this for?" The girl.began to cry. She said she had not meant any harm. She and her sister had played ghost just to have some fun. Her sister was usually witk her, but did not come this night, as she was too busy. She had heard from hle father that a detective was coming to catch the ghost, but thought he was not dhe for a day or two, and resolved tc make one last appearance and then give up the performance till things calmed down. "Who are you?" she asked. "I'm the detective," I said. She looked me over in evident aweo and consternation, tinged with some surprise on account of my age. "What are you going to do with me?" "I shall have to expose.you." The girl cried again and begged to be released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit me at all. I said she was my prisoner and as such I must de liver her up to the authorities, and after " good deal of waiting she suggested that I had better give her up to her own fa ther. I agreed to that, and picking up her sheet I held her arm and took her with me to her father's house, about a mile distant. "Don't you know that you might have been killed by some of those people you frightened?" I asked. "No, sir, I never thought of that. Everybody who saw me ran away." When we got to the form house where Jennie lived it was half past 9 o'clock. Everybody was in bed and the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window opened and a man's voice said: "Whose there?" "Me." "Who's me?" "The detective." "You're rather late. Why did you not wait until to-morrow? Better come around and see me in the morning." "I want to see you now. I have the ghost." * At this the window was closed with a bang land I heard hurried steps on the stairs. The door opened and old Bayli, stood [in the doorway. He was draped in a very long old fashioned white gown and woro a tall steeple shaped night cap. One hand held up a tin candlestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweeping under his chin from ear to ear made him look verycomical. He looked at me in astonishment, and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought he was going into convulsions. "You, Jennie?" he asked at length. "Yes,father," said Jennie very humbly. Old Baylis sighed and said, "Come in." He sent for the neighbors immediately, I don't know what was said at their meeting, for I was not admitted to it, but old Baylis gave me a letter to thi captain and packed me off on the mid. night train. Next morning I reached the office early and found all the men present, waiting for the captain to detail them. The men grinned at me and passed the time of day pleasantly enough. They all knew where I had been and an. ticipated a wonderful tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at, although I was a favorite with them, having done many a piece of extra worn for every man there. "I thought I sent you to Fort Wash? ington, Harry?" said the captain. "Yes, sir." "Made an ass of yourself, I suppose?" "There's a letter, sir." While the captain read the letter the men guyed me. "This is a very nice letter, Harry," said the captain. "Boys, the youngstez captured the ghost." "Did he?" said the men. "Yes, sir, he did. The boy is a credit to us;" and then the captain read the let. ter of the selectman out loud. At every sentence I grew a foot. "Well, now, how did you do it?" sov' eoral inquired. I told the story, and you can be sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. My tale was very highly colt ored. When it was concluded Long Jim Langdon drawled out: "Harry, tell the honest truth. Was you frightened when that match wena out?" "No, of course noti" said I. But I was frightened two years later when I asked the ghost to marry me, and thought shq was going to say no. However, she didn't.-Philadelphia Times. 