AMQMG3T THE BOOKS. LITERARY G0S8IR. 11 Home Rule for Ireland " is the title of an article which Mr. Gladstone lias written for the next number of Messrs. Routlcdgo's Subjects of the Da, i/, and in which ho makes "An Appeal to the Tory Householder " to repent even at the eleventh hour of the error of Ills ways I The conclusion of Cardinal Newman's long and remarkable career has naturally called forth many reminiscences from those who, in a greater orless degree, enjoyed the advantage of intimate association with one who occupied so largo a space in the religious history of his time. Among the several records of the cardinal's life whiok are promised, none will be awaited with greater interest thnn the account of his early years on whieh his brother, Pro fessor F. Vf. Newman, is already engaged, and which will possibly be completed in time for publication during the. coining season. Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson is expected in England directly. He is going with the inten tion of arranging his affairs, and settling permanently in Samoa. All that ho wants to tnnke his island home a complete joy is his books. These he will take back with him, after having disposed of all his other property. His estate in Samoa is of considerable dimensions, Mr. Stevenson proudly boasting that it contains no less than six waterfalls. He says that, as far as he is aware, no literary person of a pre cedent era has possessed even one. Robert Louis Stevenson's self-chosen epitaph : "Under the wide and starry sky Pig the gravo and let me lie : Glad did I live, and gladly die, And I laid me down with a will. This be tlio verse ye grave for mo ; Here he lies where he longed to bo ; Home is the sailor, home from the sea. And the hunter is home from the hill. The editor of tho New York Mercury denies that he has been in tho habit of publishing Miss Braddon's novels without payment. He is rather shalr about the charge of having at tached her namo to a story she did not write, but ho says he has paid thousands of dollars for advanoed sheets to her representatives since 1863\. He oven olaims credit for having paid for a talo which was too poor for publication. As this is most probably one of tho stories which Miss Braddon never heard of, the ingenuous Mercury man, says tho Weekly Despatch, would have us believe that he is a martyr to somebody's wicked wiles. Various unfounded and contradictory reports : have been in circulation concerning the forth coming Life of Dr. Puscy . Tho facts, which wo can vouch for, are as follows Two volumes ore virtually ready to send to gross, and two more are so far ndvanced that it is hoped they may be ready for publication by Christmas. There is besides a largo amount of uuworked materials. These and all his other MSS., togothor with the oopyright of lus published works, are bequeathed by Dr. Liddon as the absolute property of tbrec of his old Oxford friends. The will contains considerable legacies to Pusoy House and Kcblc College. The Wealth and Progress of New South WalcSt by Mr. Coghlan, the Government Statist, published by tho Government printer, is a valuable compendium of statistical information concerning tho position of tho senior colony of Australia in various aspects, moral, social, physical and material. This work covers for Now South \Valos very much the samo ground that tho Victorian Year Book does for Vic toria. The fourth issue, which wo havo just rccoived, is an enlargement upou preceding numbers, and it is claimed that the present volume deals with nearly cvory subject con cerning whioh statistics aro now to bo obtained. For purpoBesof reference tho book will bo highly prized. Among tho notable people whom Dr. Russell fell in with on his travels with Colonel North, in Chili, was no less a personage than Mr. Patrick Egan. 44 I certaiuly could not havo supposed," tho doctor writes, "that tho pale, thoughtful, student like little man, with tho sloping narrow shoulders and feeble frame, was the pitiless conspirator to whoso door is laid one of the most terriblo crimes of modern times." The long and iuteresting conversation whioh Dr. Russell enjoyed with Mr. Egan is unrecorded ; we are mereljr told that tho United States Minister to Chilispokeof "tho Grevilie election, of King Harman, who was carried, ho averred, on Carey's back down Sackville-street at the time, and of Pigott and of' matters relating to tho accusations against him." On rejoining his friends after this interview, Dr. Russell found ' himself regarded with much the same feeling as the Florentine children had for Dante, who had seen hell ; only the doctor had actually talked cn ami with tho evil one. Another remarkable man the doctor mot was one Karl Bernhardt, an hotel keeper at Valparaiso, who declared that tho divine Sarah was his niece — 41 une gloire pour la France, une lionte pour sa famille." "Writing on the benefit of newspaper training, Edward Everett Hale, in the New York Poru7nf observes, 14 1 believe I have done ovei-ything which an editor or publisher evor has to do, from directing wrappers up to writing the biography of a president within an hour after his death. This means, if the training be continued through many years of life, and if one be under a good chief, that one gains, of necessity, tho ready use, at least, of his own language. AVo newspapoi easily and quickly. So that to us, who have been in men may write English very ill, but we write it this business, there is something amazing to hear a olergyman say that he occupied a week in com posing a sermon, which was, at tho outside, 3500 words in length. One can understand absolute inability to do it at all; but no news paper man understands how a man, who can do it, can spend 36 hours in doing it. If you have to send "copy" upstairs, hour after hour, with a boy taking the slips from you, one by one, as they are written, and you know that you are never to see what you write until you read it the next dny in the paper, your copy will he punc tuated carefully, written carefully and will bo easily read. That is one thing. Another thing goes with it. You will form tho habit of determining what you mean to say before you say it, how far you want to go, ami where you want to stop. And this will bring you to' a valuable habit of life — to stand by what has been decided. Napoleon gave the same advice when he said, 'If you set out to take Vienna, take Vienna.' For these reasons, I am apt to recom mend young men to write for tho press early in life, being well aware that the habit of doing this has been of use to me." Letters have been sent by the Prince of Wales, Lord Salisbury, Mr. Gladstone and Mr. H. M. Stanley expressing good wishes for the Institute of Journalists, of which the first annual con ference since the grant of the Royal Charter was recently opened in Birmingham. Mr. Glad stone said, " It will add power and importance to a body already important and powerful, but I think it will also increase the sense of responsi bility and tend to raise the standard of thought in a body on which so much depends," Mr. been with you, but I regret to say it is im possible. 1 shall look with special interest at tho reports of your meeting, wherein I hope to find such sentiments as will affect for good all young journalists, nud such as will stimulato them to become ornaments to the profession, guardians of publio interest, and moral, upright and noble men. Journalism lias now become such an important profession that it needed some such institution as this which you about to inaugurate to give it dignity and character, to foster and watch over its interests, to teach its true duties and to elevate its standard, and I have no doubt many a young journalist will reap lasting benefits from the meeting. I will not trespass upon your tiino by suggesting any ideas of my own, for I feel sure many a wise man will rise to express what I privately feel about journalism far more eloquently than I can. I will only ask you to believe that my best wishes are with the institute, and that I hope my pride in the profession in which I earned my bread for 25 years will be still more justified by a higher public estimation of its utility to modern civilised life." The American poet, Mr. Joaquin Miller, hits como back from Newstead Abbey with an interesting account of his visit to Lord Byron's old home. He wanted, among other thiugs, to know all about the ghost in the tower, winch reader's of Moore's Life will recollect as figuring prominently in tho course of the narra tive, Byron himself averring that he Raw 44 the thing in cowl aiul sandals" just before his marriage. Mr. Miller's curiosity is, it seems, shared by very many other visitors. Mrs. Webb, wife of Colonel Webb, the present pro prietor of the Abbey, told him of a 44 comic little incident" which befell the Princess of Wales on tho occasion of her recent visit. Tho three rooms in the tower are reached by ascend ing a narrow spiral staircase, and have no other ingress or egress. It happened that two servant maids were in these rooms when tiie Princess, at tho head of her party, ascended, and, laughing at the idea of meeting a ghost, entered unheralded. Passiog through the dressing room, and theu the spacious bedroom, furnished as far as possible with the appointments used by the poet, she passed on to the pago's room, and here she poked her parasol into a deep, dark, curtained alcove, saying to the party pressing after her, 44 But I want to seo tho ghost." Horrors ! the point of her parasol struck a solid body. There was a screech and a scream, and the Princess sank into the arms of the Prince of Wales, while a pretty rosy maid fell forward before the Princess, pitcously begging her par don. Mr. Miller passed a night iu the tower, but without seeing anything supernatural, and apropos of his subject, mentions Childo Harold aB 44 the greatest poem in our language "—an opinion tho very opposite of Mr. Swiuburno's, who will not have it that Byron was a poet at all. Mr. Basil Hall Chamberlain, a well known Japanese scholar, has lately published in Japan a little volume entitled Things Japanese, being notes on various subjects connected with Japan, in whioh a number of topics, arranged alpha betically, aro disousaed and explained. Under tho heading "Topsy-Turvydom," tho author says that it has often been remarked that tho Japanese do many things in a way tiiat runs dircotly counter to European ideas of what is natural and proper; to the Japanese our ways aro equally unaccountable. Here are a few instances of tins contrariety : — Japanose book9 begin at tho end, the word finis coining whero wo put the title page. The footnotes are printed at the top of tho page, and tho reader puts in his marker nt tho bottom. Men make them selves merry with wine, not after, but boforo dinner, and sweots come before the principal dishes. A Japanese mounts his horse on tho right side ; all parts of the harness are fastened on tho same side, the mane hangs that way, and when tho animal is brought homo his head is put where his tail ought to be, and ho is fed from a tub at tho stablo door. Boats arc hauled up on tho bcaoh stem first. Japanese do not say north-oast or south-west, but cast-north or west- south. They carry babies, not in their armB, but on their backs. They address a letter tho reverse way to us, putting tho namo last, the country and city first, going from the general to tho particular, and in place of writing Mr. Jolm Smith, they put Smith, John, Mr. Japancso keys turn in instead of out. Japanese caimon- ters saw and piano towards, not away from themselves. In keeping accounts they write tho figures first, tho item corresponding to them next. Politeness prompts them to remove not their head covering, hut that of their feet. Th impulse of Japaneso girls is to sow on cuffs, frifia and tho like, topsy-turvy nnd wrong sido out. In Europe bachelors aro sometimos oap- tivatcd by actresses ; in Japan it is tho women who fall in love with tho fashionable aotors. Mr. Hume Nisbot has written a story to show bow dospcratcly wicked publishers can ho. Messrs. G -.'-.bleston and Co. are noted for tho xeligious moral, and improving literature which bears their imprimatur. Thoy employ whole nrmie3 of writers, artists and workmen, who are looked after by a large staff of editors. One of these editors, Sir. Moloch, is tho villian of the pioce. IVhon a young and unknown artist submits a proposal for an illustrated tour in Australia, Mr. Moloch genially observes to him self, "At tho worst I can always disparago and condemn his drawings when ho comes back, besides crippling him with conditions which he cannot possibly fulfil." Iu duo course Mr. Davclock, tho hero, goes out to Australia and sends home an admirable collection of sketches mado during a journey across the Never Never land; and Mr. Moloch, after using them, throws the artist over. His illustrations aro touched up nnd published with othor names to them ; and, not content with defrauding him of the reputation and emoluments ho had earned by bis Australian expedition, tho firm of Grabblestou and Co. prevent liis getting work from othor publishers. This systematic per secution has reduced him to tho utmost poverty Bud distress, when he suddenly comes into a fortune. The first thing ho docs is to buy .linrna in Gi-nhhlcstnn nnd Co. nnd to get Mr. Moloch dismissed. The art editor then finds his true lovel, and makes a precarious livelihood by drawing pictures on the pavement. Such is the outline of the story, and we aro bound to Bay it is filled in in a way that docs the author little credit. Tho adventures in Aus tralia are exoiting and well told ; but tho account of Mr. Davelock'a quarrel with the publishers nnd of his struggles against mis fortune and poverty involves too many inci dents that are either vulgar nnd commonplace or grossly overdrawn nnd charged with false sentiment. Mr. Nisbet can do much better than this is tho comment of the St. James's Oasctle. 