OUR IRISH LETTERS. BELAND in vaeious aspects. DUBLIN, 7th August As oar old places in Ireland beoome vacant, inning places, whether residences merely, les once happily and proudly inhabited, j-betber historic lands, the site of storied ns, sacred to the memory of saint or hero, wide estates giving lordship over wons tenantry—as the old owners d through death, misfortune, or 1 U01 decay of families—it is found exceed- "difficult to get new owners for sueh petty. Distinct evidence of this truth come before us during the last few days, en two very interesting properties were t np for sale by auction. One was T" ney, a delightful spot in the county oklow, the residence of the late Mathew rCy, who expended £50,000 on beautifying bouse and its surroundings. For this al dwelling there was no bid, no sale, and only hope of a future master lies aoross water, and is centred in the attraction towards it by some Irish-American, who written letters of inquiry concerning " itk all the longing which Irish exiles feel the old country, however, we seldom r of the return for good of those who a succeeded in becoming wealthy abroad make their home among the mountains j valleys which they have not seen sinoe of their childhood except in their ams. In county Wioblow we have otie erican living in Killiney Castle, an old in a hollow on the very summit of iney Hill. Let us hope that another will rtly appear to beoome master of beautiful croney. > waB offered for sale on the same day old romantic ground of Giendalough, the s of St. Kevin's penance and Kathleen's 3 end. Giendalough has seemed so pletely the property of the poet and the aoist that many will be surprised to of it as a piece of land to be bought Bold. It is startling to hear of the nd tower, the seven churches, the lake of gloomy shore, and St. Kevin's rocky bed, with a price on their heads, ticketed and elled like pictures in an exhibition, iting humbly for a bid under an aucneer's hammer, and, worst of all, going last so cheap that only for the mines in neighbourhood of tower and ruin, lake 1 mountain, it may be supposed that they aid not have gone at all. So much for glories and sanctities of the past in a ntry where money is scarce and labour is -riy paid. The land went for merely the of the mines, and scenery, history, d, and romance were all thrown in, h the round tower and ruins, whioh are y "worth a song." Will some rich Auslian come across the sea to build a castle beautiful Glenmalure, and make himself ster of the enchantments of Giendalough ? e, stern ghost of St. Kevin among dangerous rocks, the forgiving spirit of thleen gliding, smiling, across the iatal : are features of interest not to be purfor money with every delightful eme. The scenery, for beauty alone, is rth a heap of Australian gold. When the a sets behind Glenmalure where is there so royal as mantles these hills,in r autumn heather, or gold so red as is :edin the clouds above the mountain's oulder ? There may be lead and copper in e mines, but on the hills and in the valleys 6 gold and amethyst, and ruby and sapphire ) "sure for the eye and the imagination rth ten times told all the dross in the ni of England. Do come, good Auslian, and bring your prosperity to these % highlands, make the storied valley r pleasure ground, the round tower your •dial, and lesson your soul from the M e4 stoneB which saints once piled But I beg you to permit no garity to follow in the train of your all h - A noble homestead, a- brave and aerous master, would greatly improve the lendoura 0f this solitary landscape, but ° 8 P irit ought to be simple-and unworldly »t tomes to light up a hearth under these h May last a vain attempt was made to 'I the mansion house and demesne of °wt Shannon, the seat of the Earls of Estate and house are a hundred m ol a > foundation of John Fitegibbon; "niey-at-law, father of the first Lord . e > the celebrated Chancellor. The present the Marchesa Delia Bochella, Lady ^ Fitzgibbon, ordered the sale of awn house and demesne containing si* "tf «stes. Here was another chance for our home-loving kindred who have found gold beyond the ocean, but no one of them appeared, and the property was withdrawn and put up again to auction in small lots. Of these, only one field of thirty-one aoreB was sold to a Limerick butcher. Yon must not suppose that the abovementioned Lord Clare is the Clare of Clare's Dragoons. He is the Clare who worked so hard to pass the Union, and the estate which nobody will buy was the result of hiB unblest labours, and has only lasted a hundred years. It is greatly to be hoped that, with all the necessary ohanges in the land laws, the old ancestral homes and demesnes will not be allowed to disappear altogether from the land. Bosi MUISOIILAND. 