TRAVEL, TAM3EEY IS" PERSIA. FEW stories of travel are jnoreinterestlogiMa those Trjnch Annimus -TainbSry has to r"tell -of lus - disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself - a Hungsnan, but possessing an exceptional knowledge of die language and customs of the people among whom be pursued his inquiries, ;he<Bt> cleverly distinguished uimself as for months to pass fora genuine Berrish: when detection TVOUH have been certain - death. In this way be managed to penetrate j r^ions neverbefore"nsited by aEuropean, and acqoired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having readied Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgnms on theirway to Isfahan, they reach a spacious cara- raaijerai in. the village of KenaiBgird. Hera; be sats, die nch. put themselves into the.-aands of-their servants to get tiieir-peisjns jnilibed jalid feeir Jimbs stceteiiea oat and liaraly lias one.recovered. breath from the hardships of: tueiaststat5on*when breaifest3s ready and/ after it, each betakes himself to rest - We commonly travel -at night and rest in tiie; midhours of the aay. "About- an hour liefore setting out supper is catrn. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers. Arnved at iiie - station, die Denisii- witbout troubling himself about auydimg. gives Himself lip to rest: and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, he takes 3us lescnkul (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm. and •with a powerful '-jahul Jahalchl" and with an assurance that is really wonderful,' approaches: each . separate group. Each gives. Jnm. a portion. After ne has fercrnnated hiSTOundhe miaces all togetiier.and. he is asafe to have secured, if not- a sumptuous, at laist a plentiful supper. "He Has no provision Willi him. coots uothina and yet he •lias say die Orientals, ''for his kitchen ic furnished by God." &om; Sfinaregird our second station was through die oesert. It is a long tonsnc of lima, of Deshti Eavir, of which die soudieni borders -reach nearly to Etim In die midst of it is die station Hauz-i-Sultan (the reservoir -of the Snltan). =which consists of. a. large caravanseraL. to which a subterraneous acqueduct is conveyed; When we had quitted Kenaregmd, and had travelled about an hour in the desert^ the waste ngioa was suddenly lighted op by moonshine, and-grew more and more romannc. The stillness of night.which m die . great desert- seems redoubled. aSects the i traveller inexpressibly.: The anticipa- ,tion that I was vet to travel throiM^i die stall greater desert'of Central Asia, led die . eye to delight itself all die more with die 'wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in die dusky honzon does tie eye meet a pomt of, resi: only here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mlgh'ty ghosts: and xt is conceivable enough to* me that fearful souls would look upon them, as phantoms lashed by funes. ily Jdlow-^traveller seemed to lie one of the latter class, for he wrapped, himself up m his-bumous,-thrust- himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not venture even to look out- on the desert around hint : It WHS towards midnight when we heard Etom die ^distance a- monotonous rmtr of liells. and. as 1 soon learnefl, this was fix>m ^Jar^ro liutir before iiE. We redoubled onr steps in older" to overtake it-, bnt hardlyliad we advanced' a hundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress ns. The Persians -knew at once the cause of at We moved; faster; but the stencil grew stronger and' stronger.. and-wbes. influenced by cenosily, I inquired about it, I. got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. . A caravan •of the dead, I thought, that is angular| and I hniiied io jro? n&ighboiir; to gel explanation. HP called -outto ane," Go on. go a^v2ndafterapowe»Sd^ui3iijgof:hi& little ass. already hard enough -^reesed, he came to me as I was joining the aforesaid caravan. w|ucli pfgiKisted of about JortyJiorses and jmnleo, laden with coffins, and accompanied by three mounted AisIjt Erfin'body smsye hsid to Seach it, in order to get past it as «wn as posable./! sOiall never Jorget tlie sigbt diat met ^my «yes: -wlieu I ceijp up wiili one of tin nd<>- Hisnoeeandmoudi were corsed, his yetlbw?. face showed yet more ghastly by themoon l hght Jn spife of Uie Enenduiable Stench, Icould ^aot belp aBkinginm foine <jues- -fions, The Arab ^ne that hg Jiad ahsadjpconveved i^pse4ead ten ^jljs, fnd iiaa to cojiduct 0 &r; i^aaty dajs nuore iieftaE 4ie cmild reach Jkabda* i£e j^dt where Jhese jjioas ^persons, idw bad died jor tic lite of 1 iiiac. Hnssein.:were.|>ernutted jo be bnried. 33ns cnstom^ffgeiieGd, In ail^^sia, and^henevttmeaiiBpermit, Uiej order themsebes to be feom the -distant Hiorassan to iiobejslacedmtiiesameeaiiiiimi tomqwrted iunicd lo tai t. £ gldnce at d'iswanijm! pe^on. mm heass, laden smdi Mie long of Paradise. We reached Hauz-i^altan just atthe nse.of •the -monung st-ar, but nothing of great importance befd us'tliere. Early next morning Sum appeared in rhe distance with. its manycreen cupolas, the nch gilded one liglitenWl bv the ravs of the Wsmg sun. It- is the "holy town of the Persian ladies. Here rests Fadma, the; sister of Xnnan Biza. who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in Meached, -undertook a Journey from Bagdad. The h^h lady could not reach of her. wishes, for she fell ill in Ejum, died, and lies bttried wifcha companv of-44i.all of .them samts. This town, lite Eerbda, os a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who. from all parts of the kingdom-order themselves to be earned hither. luim ss very poor in buOdmgs- but an spite of'this, in the olden t ime it was a famous town. Tiie senbed ja- clofiied "wiai lusmanT'^rerdiure. thanks to a good aqneauct,-whi<3i conveys water hither from die adjacent hilts The water, however, when drawn in the ouen air, smacks somewhat of salt but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian; who had come hither with die , holy Fatima. gave the State in-, strnctiqns how to prepare a mixture of clay. witli which, if all spnnes and basins are smeared, the salt taste will lie taken away fromybe water hrtls by little. ,, When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neighbouriiood. I came m the evening to the caravanserai. I found m a corner some poody clad people, who, by their shy anu timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought ;!• would enter into conversation with thena-' when one of my fellow-travellers called out lo me. *• J2ffendi, what are you about? Tou have been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this uncleanJewJ " Jew. thought I, then the : Persian mayciy out as long as he likes. The poorchildien of Israel notea my kindness to diem, and many of tnem came - out of their cells. They snrroundea me-m due form, and tola me," all tne wht!e looking round them -timorously, that-they were that a&y; (Friday) preparing: their food for to-morrow, which was Eabbath. for'they were not permitted to do snything that required labour on -that day. "One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with tears mliiseyes,of tbeoppressionthe Jews suffered at the hands of die Persians- and with joyous glance he looked around as he' described to me, the supposed Osmanli, die -mildness of the Sultan's rule. He could not find woias sufficiently expressive -with which Jo bless the Suitan. Bie poor. Israelite had no idea that;in that particular the moving spring of die noble acbon was western enlightenment alone. : After. two -days -: we quitted Kum, -and went a four hours nde on a desolate route." to the village of tehkuan. Tiie caravan cncamped xn die village itself, but I moved forwam. to a garden in the Ticinity to spend the day. InSiemidstofthegaideiiis the little chapel of anImamzade(descendant of an lman). The graves of this Imsn are veiy numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still honoured. -And - no : wonder, - for' each village, be it ever so little- must have its saint. They improvise one. inrenta legend and buHd a chapel on die bones of some famous hen*;. Tins is immediately decorated with green ales. Green is the colour with winch die holy posterity clothe the head" during life. Oreon therefore the Bouse of the Graves. mast be. As I was resting: comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravediggerapproached. Marvellous stories: Old he tell of the deaa" saints power. " Only yesterday." said be, " a Persian; khan, who rested m this same place, and in: : a drunken condition, wished to betake himself afterwards to the interior^ when he sunk dowia, suddenly struct, by paralysis J "Aj EfEenfli, he continued, "onejci^trast 1 sport with a saint" His loot -was injl o I gravily as lie rel&ted; the tale, yet lie very. etKmmafeme nndentand thai lie a few pence, and Twhen I banded him,beMmediatelywentawav. Our restmg^ilaee m STubrid, a Uttie rflage of three "liaudrcd hottees. WOE esfcremdy jieligbtfu!. 33ie caravan was encamped ^jposite die Tschapardiane as everywhere MP i'eiaa.-consists of a <me^ioded%mldmg,of '%rhieh the-apjje st0iyj£,?ifiveriheles!> onjy used as a chamber ffir distragnislied fea- TdlKE. i had drunk tea in ^he gsycampany olmr feBon-^aavdJets, Xiook alittie stroll in the tillage and sought out: She post-office, a the upppr guest diamber of -iritaclr juy attention- Was directed to a Etntmgnumber of pencill^ scrawls ma ;^uropean ianguaga. Inaconierl sseada: Sienchquatasuu, written bra fiery son Gaiidj "who ate a lahgnfng Ttle, cad: stopped to rest herp a Jew MM.IH 4 He jlesmUed his hpme isorraw -sndi Soil of weg, and mdrfged bitterest -ivtadi alt disappmnbnentEjmsmg fern 41le poebcal %Ecnptmi2srf Persia. Aot jas: thence on the trails, X disco vissd 1some -pointed long j shanked characters, m ?v}up5i a cold and frosty. The travellers stopped a kind of. ruinous shrub.whic3i burns even m green condition, butwhen dried turns loa crackling flame. , As by chance we Btooa diat.monung before a fire of this tmd, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with, this mingled wild dmekB; Tiymg to listen, reports of £re-arm% accompanied by a wildlowl, alarmed lie caravan. All ran to the spot -whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his azm broken. .. . l"he circumstances were these:—Some horsemen who earned die-yearly t-nbnte from Slnraz to Teheran on ithe part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish, merchants, who joined ns in Euhmd- diey mocked them liist, but afterwards followed their words with'bio WE. A Peraan. who from pity. for his offended.feUow-taarellsre: -wished tbem to receivE iio injury, attacked the sancy Shiraa with shaipremarkE. A •young hot-headea --fellow: hereupon got align , and threatened; and as our people bad made a few stepE inadvance, he wished, for an innocent lofce as he said, to perforate with a ball theiurcap of a Jew. He shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball, pierced the arm of a Persian.. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole party, and though it-he miscreant galloped-off as fast as 1m horse eoula carry: him. he was caught, and beaten, spit on ana insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Sluraa.half dead from his beating, and die Isfanani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walking. They were both placed in baskets-on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse wirn each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputea to either, party for such an accident Fate has wibed it- so, and each person contents himself. At the pomt where tbe lull ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according.to.our notions! tliougirfar better than found elsewhere. After Sof. our laststation before we reached the fonner capital of the Sefevi. was a village named Murisehechar. Herethe country magistrate in connection with the Governor of^Shirazi attemptea to free the culpnt The caravan, however checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliverdie delinquent into the hands" of Justice in Isfahan, "W hen, on die morning of the 31st of September,-I found myself on the road which was to bnng me direct into the fonner Bplendid capital of Abbas the Great,- jn spite of all early reading on the decline, tbe poverty, and" the ruined masses of Isfahan. I could notsuppress my increasing cunosity. Almost diree hours" before you " approach Isfahan you can discover traces of "its ancient greatness, among- which the Caravanserai JfadenSnah (thetaravanserai 1 of the Mother of the Shah) is the most' remarkable. It was incontestablv 1 in"its day the most splendid building of its land, - As the town m the -early aurumnmoniiDg was covered with a kind of mist I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and left and high round towers, which served for a sojeurh for doves. It is remaztbale that these same birds- are _found m the neighbourhood of Herat, iischabar. and Either towns, proving that it J was a custom Ul Centeil -.Aioa. 3fco. - Iraild • eudi fcplendll dovecotes out of town lor these favounte buds. At last the mist- cleared awav, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit The " Persian, but : especially the Isfahan!, when he speaks of die greatness of. hie native town, always crieE.ont, . Isfahan is half the -world were it- not for Laliore, "vdiich means Isfahan is the largest town mHie world after Lahore. To indicaie the ensnmference of die town, the Persians stare diat a good rider could not ride jound it in two days. Tins is probably; sixteen to twentr fas«iigs; vet the city wall itself, in its bloomingjieriod wlien the Prench traveller Chardui saw it was onjy as .Gennan niiles in circumference, , end wbenwe take in die detached hou«#, with Epafitoas gardens whicli sjiietch. heyona the town, tlie statement of die Be^Jtn is but Oriental or what we call exaggerated. S®3, Isfahan BE it presents iteeli Erst to iheeiffc of travdlere. is really imposing Fxm d>e«ast to die west there is tm ena less chain of buildings and gardens among which cupolas, towers, and other high buildings -are visible. Tlie- vjew enems ilbnaSHe. ^otbmg'- say= Tfe^? "fern exceed die ferfcfea^l baraty of ae^mnbyia ts£3mty«f 3sfa|jan,and 3ie fir<t WW fif-#i£ <sty as Engiaanngly Etrikmg All die eyessees enraptures sense. Groves avenue&,1uxnriant gardens. —of diEee there s such an absolute overflow a hides die rums otflnsjons^j#»naw city ®ie nearer Tiew ^^a^Ba* tins m pisssiwij but «!H>8gii Ifcmaius of fonner giandeur to excite igreat adnmajtion. In the BaM all is beaiibfnl, but only ^xternaJlv and indie distance So I v^s aieleast^EuijiQsedwiijHiijJienieHBg AT BERLIN. \- SFR-ING the night special watchmen are walking tie streets, besides tbe regular patrolling pobce. -These night watchmen have another very convenient use beside that of lookmg out for the safety of peacefully- slombenng mankind. They jiossess door-keys for each house in their district. TFhat a blessing to the tired, unlucky wanderer who, standing before his locked house door, discovers that his tey is in the pocket of another coat at home! He waits patiently irntd Hie watchful street Cerbern makes his next round, which he is bound to make at least every half hour, and for the trilling amount of ten pfennigs (one penny farthing) the doors -are opened to him. . ' Whilst <HI our''hunting tour," we saw a crowd in the stieet and found two cabmen fighting with each other.: A minute later a policemanappeared, and to the astonishment and disgust of my fnend; who was m liigh glee to see a genuine, homelike club meeting, die guardian of the peace pulled out—don't get scared, now—not his sabre^ but. his vnote-book, and with the most genteel smile upon his blooming countenance. he entered the numbers of the cabs and the names of the drivers, who had quit fighting at once upon the pohceman s arrival. Tins means: "Ten marks fine, gentlemen, for creating a disturbance in the street" ' Look, my dear fnend," I exclaimed, "how correct the old saving is: 'The pen is mightier than the sword 1'" Shocking it will be to ladies to hear that the service of blacking boots is executed here by chambermaid^ Yes. the servant girls have to polisn boGts. It is customary; and_ I must confess, although I feel ashamed of it, I'cannot repress blushes at the idea of a female creature, one of the weak and tender sex. sliming my shoes? But if you ere in Home, what caii you do besides seeingthe pope? Ion must do as the Eomans"ao. and therefore I hope to find pardon in the eyes of the fan readers for being such a barbarian as to allow my bootE to be polished by girls. I pay for a suit oi clothes, made of the very finest material, to order, by one of the most fashionable tailors of Berlm, from four to five pounds. For an elegant •winter overcoat, about the same, and about one pound more for a Prince Albert or a full-dress suit The Germans dine in the middle of tie day. i>o. this is not expressed exacdy right; they dine between one and four p.m. Between breakfast and dinner most of them take a kind of cold luncheon, consisting generally of a sandwich and a glass of lagCT or wine, or—I am shocked to write it—a glass of " schnapE." 1 leave it to the readers to guess what schnaps is. I, as a good English boy. only take three meals a day.-therefore I abstain from all lunches. Dinner costs me half a crown, including a glass of claret or a laige schooner of good Munich beer, -which sum includes waiters fee; My dinner consists of a good broth, two courses of meat with vegetables and preserves, and a pudding or pie. Tou know it- is a habit in Germany, that in restaurants they charge you just as much for die meals, whether you take wine or beer, or nothing at alL There is an old German saying that water is not good m ones boots.:and a. l great deal worse in one's stomach! One of my friends, whose nose serves lum as a torchlight when he goes home earjy in die morning, told me that be had not taken a drop of water into his mouth for over five and twenty years, and diat he would die of chills if he"should once taste it Street- cars connect all parts of Berlin, and, m fact, the Germnn capital can boastof having the largest, number of* miles of tramways of any city m the world. They have, however, two drawbacks here. They,; do not charge- an equal amount for each passenger, but make distinctions between a single, double or. triple distance, figuring from. IJd. for the single;, up to 3^4. for the triple tour. The passenger receive a ticket from the conductor :for~the duration of his voyage, which ha is obliged to keep nntil his aestmanon is reached, that no tramway js allowed to take on more jwsseBgers'ihan be seated inside, and only four on the feint and five on the rear platform. Germans sup very late, not before halfpast eight or nine oclock in tbe evening, and if they go to a theatre, which always commences no later than seven o clock and ends 91 half-past nine or ten. diey invariably fiat afterwards. Smoking "is rery cheap here. One can get a goad Havana cigar for 2nd, and upwards: but a man is either a spoiled Englishman or a milkon- .imire if he smokes one dearer than 3d. Most of the Germans, and I also mean those of the so-called better classes, including the greater part of die nobihty, smoke their domestic cigars for ta i-id., and would by no means touoh a dearer weed. Tlie street car? aply stop at the swelled holdmg-placoi. regular stations, winch he apart fjom each ether- not over three minutes, ana which are indicated not *iv statron-iauses, hut- by neat-looking poles bearnag a metal sign, Stopping-place-" There passengers will be let off and taken on, but otherwise the cars do not flon at all.; • • ^ •OCT -WID VT," SEZ X, "o& HlX, JA-YS JfQ ®05B AT "EOC H^BEEAKABir." 