gatholie Ifoted. ALLOCUTION OF HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII. Delivered in the Secret Consis tory held December 30, 1889. Venerable Brethren — A timely consolation has lately reached Us from the^distant^boites of Ataerica^and also from Switesri&nd.; The Catholics have obtained what they have so earnestly sought for, and have now lately founded by their own efforts at Washington, at Ottawa, and also at Fribourg, educa tional institutions for higher learning, laying down as an inviolable law of their existence that the safety of the Faith shall be inseparable from culture, and that youths Bhall be - trained to religious practice no ies? than to the cultivation of knowledge. We are thoroughly aware what thanks are due, in the first place, to the BiBhop9 for their foresight and their perseverance, and then to the co-operation of private individuals. To both will the praise be due of having made by ,their united efforts and counsels for th'e.great bene fit of tho State, as well as for that of the Church, this important provision : We discern, venerable brethren, what the future fruit will be of such enter prises ; and the thought is most cheer ing to Us that the Catholic name, doubly defended, both by the laws and by the equitable judgments of men, will be free to make a rapid progress in these cities. This somewhat happy state of things elsewhere makes yet more bitter the knowledge of those THINGS WHICH ARE HAPPENING NEARER HOME. For here Our enemies never cease to attack the Church, and are even daily becoming more bold; nor are they ashamed openly to glory in their crime. This is well shown by the words of a public man who, lately speaking to a crowded assembly, gathered for this very purpose, pointed out clearly what the rulers of Italy think and what they intend concerning the Cbufch and the ilioman irontiticate. so also in tbe Uity of Rome were the like words heard in June when it was sought by unwonted and noisy expressions not so much to show honour to a deserter as to heap dishonour on the Church. It is there fore easily perceived that everywhere the opinions of men are inclining to the same direction, and that all have the same object—namely, to raise enmity against an ancient religion, and by the help and leadership of evil sects to sever the whole Italian nation, if pos sible, from the bosom of the Church. Tou clearly detect, venerable brethren, these opinions full of audacity and insolence. THE BIGHTS OF THE ROMAN PONTIFFS are attacked in the very City of Rome, and are bo impaired in the minds of men that they are said to be of no greater importance than that which is generally ascribed to the affairs of royal houses. That which has been snatched from Us it is attempted to confer upon its new possessors with a firm and enduring right, as if force and wrong could be a foundation of right. It would be altogether super fluous to enumerate here the unique titles upon which the Holy See asserts, and will ever assert, its right to the City of Rome. Nor is there need to 1 remind you of the nature of the civil princip^lity Vof the "Raman Pontiffs, which, since its object is to safeguard the liberty and dignity of the Apostolic administration,, rests upon a foundation entirely peculiar to itself, and different from that of all other principalities. Bat we cannot, and ought not to pass over altogether in silence these renewed attacks npon the Holy See. But in the attack upon Our rights, We do not propose as an end so much to preserve "that4 which is perishable. We look to that which is greater and higher. For We wish to preserve the Christian Faith in its. integrity, as it behoves Us ; for its safety is threatened when they who rule the people assign to the State as duty to assert the supremacy of the human reason, so that obscurity being set up, there remains nothing but to reject totally what has been delivered by. God and to openly revolt from the Church. Therefore THE QUESTION IN DEBATE is not merely that the State should have no one religion more influential than another, and that it should dispense equality of right to each one without distinction, in which matter in truth this very equality is iniquitous and highly pernicious ; but it is their good pleasure to harass the name of Catholics by a public proclamation of war, and to unite counsels and forces with the worse enemies ot Jesus Ubrist. it may seem hardly credible that matters should have reached such a pass, and this moreover, in the Italian people, who, by the gift of God at a very early time, beheld the light of Chris tian-truth, and was both sensible of, and religiously preserved for, the space of nineteen centuries, the very great and altogether special benefits of the Divine goodness. But the fact is here before Our eyes. And they do not indeed speak more threateningly than they act; further, by every means they endeavour to carry out their plans, and for this reason they do not cease to turn aside the due course of insti tutes and laws to the injury of the Church. The first of January next will bring with it, as you know, THE BEGINNING OF THE NEW PENAL LAW. When, last year, this law was being deliberated upon by the Legislative Assembly, We, on Our part, in this very place, did not, as was Our duty, omit to censure those points which, under the appearance of chastising license, really aim at diminishing the just liberty of the clergy and obstruct ing their work. In this We said that a very great disparagement would be done to the Church, which, divinely constituted after the model of a perfect society is independent, sui juris, and ought not, in exercise of its duties, to be subjected to any command of men. At the same time We complained that an injury was being done to the whole order of the clergy, in that, with no probable reason, and with a contempt for the authority of sacred right, special | laws were being established with j special severity. And nevertheless, these laws with very little alteration | in their bearing, were approved of and passed. We, therefore, mindful of Our Apostolic office, renew, now that the injury has been done, those same expostulations which We made when it was begun. But you see that another wound arising out of this one is threatening the Church. We understand, that ▲ LAW HAS BEEN PROPOSED about charitable institutions de Operibus Pits, which they have just lately approved of by a hasty vote. And this very law they themselves admit has been laid as the stepping-stone to other things—namely, for wiping out from the institutions of States all traces of religion. The arrangement of the law agrees, indeed, with a plan of that kind, for the force of it is, in the first place, partly to destroy whatever institution has been founded for charit able purposes, partly to change it into another shape and nature so that it evidently appears that by means of so great an alteration the overthrow of institutions that have been founded will most truly be effected. But, above all else, this is neither in harmony with kindness nor justice that almost everything that has been founded or left by will for Divine wor ship, for the repose of the departed, or for providing dowries for girls aspiring to communities of nuns—that for this very reason these things should be con-■ sidered as passing to others, and as empty, and should be turned to other usee. In this it » very evident that the wishes of the founders are violated, especially because they assigned their money te those very in tentions which are recited, and under no considerations to others. And these purposes, since they belong to religion, to the relief of the souls of the faithful departed, to the perfection of virtue, are bv nature as immutable and per petual as those rights and duties which join man to God. But this abo We can by no means pass over in silence, that to the Com mittees of Ten for presiding over the administration of money for relief, almost all persons, not even excepting women, may be lawfully elected, but parish priests may not. And this determination it has been their good pleasure so to record on the account of the well-known {.Section of the parish priests towards their bishops and the Roman Pontiff; so that it should not be possible to doubt with what inten tion, and for what purpose, they have devised this law of which We are speaking. No doubt they say that this benefaction should be called lay, in order that it may be more acceptable ; for they add, persons in misfortune usually accept with greater bashfulness and have leBs courage when they feel tbey are IN THE PRESENCE OF CHRISTIAN CHARITY. But it is a sad thing that there should be found among Christians people who so greatly err to their estimate of that virtue, which is the chief and the queen of the rest. For indeed, a sincere will of assisting our fellow- creatures cannot spring up except from the inmost sense of kindly disposition; but it is only possible that this should reside, if not solely, at least chiefly in the breasts of those who look upon each one as another self, and love them in the place of brothers; who acknowledge that others equally with themselves have been born of God as their Father, and who have been equally . redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ, and have been called to the same happiness in heaven. Moreover, Jesus Christ so lovingly embraces the poor and unfortunate so as to reckon acts of kindness due to them as laid up with Himself, end to consider Himself to be placed under an obligation by the good deed. Since then charity is accom panied by these feelings, she is so far from breaking the spirits of those in distress, that she rather raises them to so great a dignity of character, such as man without the light of heavenly doctrine could not imagine even in thought. Now, in truth, charity of these dispositions may in vain be sought for outside the Church of God, since Jesus Christ has left her the sole heir of His wisdom, discipline, and graces. She also at all times has given very great proofs of how well she has been accustomed both to give heed to the counsels of her Divine Founder, and to imitate His examples. Is there any kind of woe that the Church has not beeD zealous to relieve, not only with maternal affection, but also with sur passing forethought and watchfulness f Thus, especially by her work and authority, or at least by her counsel, her kindness, her protecting care, relief suitable to varying calamities have been found everywhere in the world, but more numerous in those places where the Church is more flourishing and the zeal for Christian virtues is greater Distinguished by this glory has Italy been, which, by retaining the Catholic Faith untarnished, through prosperity and adversity, has been at all times most plentifully productive of good deeds of this kind. For this reason it is all the more unnatural and unworthy of the Italian race to have wished to snatch away from the Church the possibility of exercising public benefi cence. They had alleged, indeed, that revenues were squandered or badly applied; but the light of truth burst forth from a quarter whence they would least have wished it. The inquiry in stituted about the administration bril liantly refuted the falsely fabricated accusation. In the meanwhile, TO FILL UP THE MEASURE OF INSULT, those who came to have the civil administration have insolently thrust themselves into the administration of sacred property. You easily see my allusion, venerable brethren. I allude to the attack made in these very last months upon Aloysius, Titular Bishop of Troas, and Ordinary of Aquaviva and Altamura. You all know what was done. First the Bishop of Troas was forbidden the use of the property of both churches; then he was re moved from. his rank and cast forth from his house; the care of those churches was at the same time bestowed on another man, just as if the matter was a purely civil one, and was under the arbitrary control of the political authority. By this, not only were the laws of the Ohurch broken, but the essential rights of' Our Pontifical Primacy were violated. We therefore reseut such an injury with great sorrow of heart, and we stigmatise and reject by Our Apostolic authority all that has been decreed or carried out by force in this matter. A9 to the clergy and people of those churches, We admonish both in the Lord to seriously weigh what duty demands of them. Even as justice requires that they should render a ready obedience in matters of a civil kind to the political authority, so in those which appertain to the care of souls they cannot be subject to any other authority except that of Our selves and of those who rule them by a legitimate title, unless—which God for bid—they wish to separate from this centre of the Catholic unity. And now, before proceeding to desig nate the BishopB who will fill the sees of the vacant churches, We now, for the greater glory of God, and the wel fare of the Church, create two excellent persons Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, whose names we nevertheless, for proper reasons, reserve in pectore, to be published when we see fitting, with the dispensations, abrogations* and formal clauses due and requisite.—In the Name of the Father >i« and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. 