Recipes. I'OOIl man’s GINGER snaps. Molasses, one cup; butter, two tablespoon fuls; ginger, one tablespoonful; soda, one tablespoonful; flour enough to roll out thin. Boil the treacle and etir in the butter, ginger and soda rolled fine, and stir in the flour while hot; roll thin, cut and balte. DUOI'PED BISCUIT. E’en housewives the most thrifty unawares At times are taboo, when the varied cares Of life upon their souls as heavy sit AS did the ghosts on Eiohard’s. Then most fit For all who care their troubled state to cheer, And obange to joound smiles the starting A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally there is not a ernmb Prepared to eat. Then it is well to bnow A reoipe like thiB 1 give below. Take one pint flour, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet, Mixed well within the flour. And then you A teaspoonful besides of lard. And mnko Your dough, with milk administered, to bo Of mush {soaci mush), the same consistency, Then drop (small quantities) into the pan, And have your oven just the heat (you can) To-make the biscuit crisp. Try it, pray do ! And yon will say, I know, “ Our thanks to ^ . DRIED XBllX DUMPLINGS. ' One pint of dried apples, out, one-half pint of aweet milk, two teaspoonfuls of bak ing powder and one tablespoonful of butter or lard. XJse flour sufficient to moke inio .small biscuits, and drop intro boiling water and boil quickly till tbe apples aro done. Cut the apples into small bits with scissors, ' rand soak in warm water before making. Eat 'with cream sanoe flavored with nutmeg. 'v chicken pie. ■ i Single and parboil a pair of chickens, out them up and cook till quite tender. Unoover when nearly dona and let the watjr boil away till reduced one- half. Line a large, deep pan with biscuit dough mado very short and rolled about an inch thick, and put in the chicken aut into finer pieces, with butter, salt, popper, a dredging of flour, and their own gravy. Cover and bako till the upper crust is brown. Servo with mashed potato. IBISII stew. Out two pounds of the neok o! mutton into Bmall pieces, put it into a kettle with one onion sliced nnd a bunch of-pot herb3 nicely dressed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add two tablespoonfuls of rice, simmer ten minutes, add two potatoes cut into dice, and while they are cooking ton minutes lonper, make your dumplings. Put a pint of flour into a bowl, add a teaspoonful of salt j and a heaping teaspoonful of baking powder, moisten this with about a gill of milk ; tbe dough must be soft. Form it lightly into balls, dry them on top of the stew, cover the kettle, boil ten minutes, season nnd serve. LIGHT noUGJI DUMPLINGS. Make very light bread-dough into small balls the size of eggs. Hove ready a pot of water, boiling fast. Drop in the dumplings, take care to have the water more than cover them. Cover the pot and boil for twenty minutes steadily, without lifting the cover. If it stops boiling for a moment, tbe dump lings will be heavy. Serve hot with butter I and sugar for dessert. 