Cyril.* That this remarkable production should have reached a third edition is evidence of its popularity. Yet the popularity must be rather with the classes than the masses. For the ordinary reader the book is ponderous, over loaded, wearisome. It extends to pp. 796; it deals with an endless variety of scenes and subjects, hopping about amongst them in the most bewildering manner; it has little plot, and contrives grievously to obscure the little thai it has. Without table of contents, without headings to ohapters or to pages, it traverses Britain, Spain, Italy, Austria, Russia, and in each takes up every topio under the sun. De rmnibtu rebus, et auibttsdam aliis should have been its title. (Why Cyril should be ohosen for title any more than Evelyn or Viera or a host of others is a mystery.) Of Nihilism, Pan slavism, Pan-Latin, and Pan-Teutonic con federations; of the Triple Alliance and Dutoh art in the Netherlands; of wars in America, India, Crimea; of the consecration of nuns, the insurance of sailors, the education of women; of hunting, shooting, rowing, orioket, tennis; of schools and universities; of law and lawyers, and literature and novelists; of witchcraft and family ghosts; of dogs and horses; of charity and religion, morphiana, and social morality; of female suffrage, church comprehension, papal progress, and the land laws; of manual labour, and pugilism, and the Soudan expedition ("Hurrah for Australia! Hurrah for Dalleyr); above all, so far ac special topics are concerned, of Gordon and Gladstone ("the hero as foil to the humbug.") — these are some of the thou sand and one questions on which our author dilates through his characters or in propria persona, and on which he indulges in not a little spreadeagleism. He calls himself or his hero (Evelyn, not Cyril) a Liberal, but he hates the Liberal leaders with a perfect hatred, and goes in for ancient types of school and college, for Queen and country as they are, and church as it ought to be, with an altogether refreshing vehemence. Evelyn and Cyril are almost impossible youths, knowing next to everything before they are out of their teens, speaking half-a-dozen languages, and intimate in any country with everybody who is anybody. Their principal achievements are with a Russian family at Trieste, whose function nevertheless in advancing the main purpose of the book (which may be described as the pro motion of England's traditional greatness) it is difficult to decide. Finally Cyril dies, and solemnly bequeathes to his elder brother the regeneration of his country; and the book winds up with a political manifesto. Yet through all there is no question of the author's knowledge and literary power. Each separate topic is treated cleverly, if not always soundly; the delineations of character are striking, and the dialogues sparkling. There is enough here to furnish a score of novels of the ordinary stamp, and that probably is the use to which ♦ "Cyril," a romantic novel by Geoffrey Droge. London: W. H. Allen St Co. Brisbane: Gordon* Qotohi M. Drage will be put. His book will be read by specialists and professionals. For the oi polloi, to whom after all the novelist must look, he would have aooomplished more had he attempted less. 