A KEVENGE AT LANSQUENET. THE LAST CHAPTER IX THE LIFE OF AX ADVENTURER. (Conclusion). M-mleleme .-lmt himself up in liis cljumber an-l worked whole nights through. Ho cu i'-Mvorcd to invent a trick so clever that it ■would he impi-sito suspect it or to detect th: slightest sign of it. Sj, his hlooil in a fever, his nerves unstrung hv an intense terror, the old gambler shttflled the cards, mixed tlicin, fingered tliem. practised his most, adroit slight-of-hand, forced himself to ntt-tiu to nil invisible jujrtfjcrs, antl rendercu theft as simple as honesty itself. With brow hent and trembling hands, he feverishly re priced a cut, the conception of which had been a stroke of genius. Now, be would B..t to work at the table where Ins imagina tion placed M- do Luseours opposite to him : 1m conversed, lie,addressed himself, without iiii-rriiptiiig liis'operations, to an invisible cooipanv. "Again, lie would lie back com pletely exhausted, dropping the cards. Ins forehead bathed in perspiration. _ Smhbnly the sonorous striking ot a cloclc roused liini from liis torpor. He recovered himself, gathered up the cards, rearranged tliem lowered the lamp, and recommenced that fantastic struggle with an absent adversary. , "So, knave and l;mg,i\f. de L-iscours . be exclaimed, throwing the cards righ t anil left , "the knave is mv lnckv card, you know. It is yours ! I h ive lost 1 Did yea notice tne three young ladies who danced last night. be continued, in an altered voice, simulating an interruption. "Yes, milord, the youngest -was the prettiest, f'(sd ! At. dc Lascours . now for another deal. . Talking all the while, addressing lus re marks now to this one, now to tliat one. tlie gambler lowered the lamp from time to tune and repeated liis trick in the dark. _ '■ Pass me the hand," suddenly exclaimed a strange voice near to Ifontelen c , a real voice, sonorous and imperious. ^ . _ Tlie lamp turned up as if by magic, flooued the room with light, and the gambler fell back into liis cliair with haggard eves and open mouth. Opposite, the place was 110 longer empty, but De Lasconrs in person was gathering up the cards and gazing fixedly atliim. • • Sir—what do you want—where (ltd yon come from r " lie stammered, as soon as he collect his thoughts and comprehended that the form of his adversary was not a phantom of his diseased mind, but 11 reality. " From my rooms, naturally, replied Dc Lasconrs. with that inexplicable calm that baffled Hontclone. . The marked cards were there—110 denial was possible, nor was any explanation ca pable of extenuating the jlngi-autr <M.rt Monteloiie felt that till was l.ist. "But—how " "How did 1 effect an entrance, you menu. went 011 Oe \ 441 lmve vciifcwl tno room adjoining yours, T opened the nailed- up door last evening before you entered. I. cau tiously displaced the wardrobe and entered poftly, for more than I have been watching and iistcuing to you." Alontelcohe sprang from Ids cliair, tlivcw himself on Dc Lascours, and seized him br ibe throat. " One of us two shall never leave tuts room alive," he hissed between his clenched teeth. " Come. come, mv dear count, are you mad f At.least let me speak." said the young man,freeing himself from Hont.-luoiie's grasp with a single effort. " Sir. this is no time for pleasure -o all explanation is superfluous, and " And, my dear count, it is precisely lor that reason that we shall conic to ail uiidoi - standing together/.1 " I don't understand " " You will understand presodtlyv fill ait clcone looked about hint for n n ave nue of escape. Laseotirs comprebencd liis in teiition and laughed. •' Ah he exclaimed. " lay dear count, it is one of two things, is it not.Hither I am here as :t friend or as an enemy. HI came as :i friend, of what use is it to licet- If on the contrary, 1 came as an enemy, you may lie sure I did not neglect to have all the iss.-no. wcll guarded." Montclcoiie resumed liis seat. " "What do you want r" be demanded, grinding his teeth in rage anil at his helplcss 21CSS. " Lessons, /un- " "Lessons " "Why. yes. You have won nearly a hundred' thousand francs from me since we began to play, have you notf It was all that remaitK.il to inn of an immense fortune. Alas ! plav—honest play, you understand, such as I liave played up to the present time, the sort of play at which one loses—women, luxury—all tliat leads to ruin. At iny majority I had already disposed of the greater part of my patrimony, for usury bad lent its aid to gaming. Since then I have dissipated the remainder. In short, let us waste no more time in talking. I. said that you had taken nearly a hundred thousand francs from me. Keep them us the price of your secrets and let us begin at once." "I do not exactly understand you, If. de Lasconrs" responded Alontelone, wlio was yet uncertain as to what course to pursue. " Yet it is very clear. I have gone through my inheritance. I tell you Ium ruined. Now, after havingled tholife I havedeseriljod lo yen. you do not expect, I hope, tliat I should be come a lawyer, doctor, or a clergyman. Tlie luxury of the past has left me with a thirst for greater luxury in the future. I want horses, carriages,brilliant mistresses—everything that gold thrown away in hatidfuls will procure. Come, Count de Hlonteleoiie, how do you force the cut r " For a few seconds Monteleoue, brought back to the situation and to himself, reflected profoundly. Ho said to himaclf tliat, after all, nothing was more natural or more pro bable than this explanation. He began to perceive the bright side of this new situation. For tlie present, in lieu of an adversary, lie encountered a confederate ; for the future, an associate. " I regret tlie disagreeable surprise 7 caused you just now, but you must acknowledge that there were no other means I could have employed that would have decided you. I could not in decency make my proposition to you in the Ivursaal, could I ? And then, too, I needed the opportunity of convincing my self in regard to you." " Come, then, as you desire it," responded Monteleonc. "Add, ' and as I can not do otherwise,' " continued Lascours, with a smile. "And as I can not do others—take this card, like that—in the right hand—good 1 " " It appears that I am apt." " But tell me, you have met me before, then, as you luivc remarked my good fortune at cards ?" " Undoubtedly." " Indeed, your face did not scein un familiar to mc. Yet, surely, I hud never beard your name pronounced before you told it me yourself in the Ivursaal. And then, your youthful appearance misled mc. Where the devil have I seen you V " " Think well." "Was it at Baden 1 1J very body goes there." "No." " At Vichy r" " I liave been there." " In London r" " No." " In Paris—it must have been in Paris—in one of those charming bouses where one is announced at the door of the saloon." " Not there, either." " I give it tip. Tell mc where it was." " Tax your memory, seek a frame for tho picture, a back-ground for the figure. Do you not soe an enchanting country 'r" " No, by my faith ! I sec before mo most graciouH youth, and nothing more Hold yonr hand'better and finger your cards more lightly—like that. Pass mc tlie hand— let mo show you. See 'i With the nail of the little finger you detect the beveling." " A little more practice and I shall succeed better." " I will lower tho hunp presently : we shall soo if you can play without looking tit your cards." " Yes," went on De Lascours, as if talk ing to himsolf," it is a pretty country—forests and meadows, and rolling lands." " What is that you are saying, De Las cours . " Oh, nothing! I was thiukiiig of Spa, ■where I count on first exercising my little accomplishments." " At Spa 1" exclaimed Jloiitelcone, with a start; "why at Spa?" " Because I like tho place immensely. Thnt is.the place where you find tho rich Englishman with the pretty daughters. And, then; I love to ride over tho wooded hills and ... and through tho picturesque valleys. Have : you ever been at Spa ?". ... ' "Yes." . " • ' "Well, thon, you must allow that the Society thero is ■ very- select. They p'ay heavily thorc. Let ,us go there together. \- "No, by my faith/ .1 uiu in haste to quit Aix, to go to Paris." . ' / " Poor business. Wben Paris is playing at revolutions she docs not play tit cards." "I don't wish to play." . " Sajn-isd ! what disinterestedness! It is evident that you can afford to rest.' But, at Spa, I count on doing' great things." " You must he cautious." " Oh : I know there are some strong gamc-s tiiere. I have witnessed more than ime. Turn down the lamp, I think I know the trick now. Very good, thanks—Count, were you not at Spa in the month of August. 1812 "r" . " I—wliv do vou ask i " lie stammered. '■ J-',jinformation. That year X witnessed j remarkable catastrophe there. . " You f " exclaimed AXonteleoue, beside \ himself tiris time : "you ! hut how old art | are vou. then:-" " Twenty-five, come next All Saints JJat, as the eonntrv people sav. I toll vou it. was the the devil's own game that was indulged m bv the W'i-«i:lords and tlic young fools, who rushed on to their rtiin as if urged by some incomprehensible vertigo. Among these gambling fiends there was led as'tray, X knov. not how, a voung Ifreivdiinnn of good family and father of two or three eiiildren. His name I believe, was " " T>eave your tales and attend to what you are doing," interrupted Montc'eone, shortly, as he hastened to turn lipthe lamp ; where were we ■ But. suddenly he tnnied deathly pale and his words died in his throat. By the light of the lamp ho caught sight of lus compau I ion's face. What lie saw there had undoubt edly alarmed him, for he w.'is gazing at him with horror-stricken eyes. Had he suddenly given a name to his vis age, the features of which had continually haunted his memory. " Comc-ray 1" he exclaimed, in a faint voice: " are vou Coineniy'r But, 110? Conic ray is dead. Are you his ghost'r— or am I " Honteleone chocked himself abruptly anil and clasped his head with both hands, as if to keep it from bursting. Then, after an instant's silence, lie threw the cards 011 the table with an oath. "The devil'." he exclaimed; "thesedamned cards make my head whirl. "What have X been saving. AX. deTjascours f" "I don't exnetlv know. Yon asked 111c if I were a gliost—the spectre of -U. Comeray. it seems to me." . 'Hot us go on with the play." cried atont leone, furiously : "for several days, or several nights, if vou prefer it, I have overtaxed my self, and" my brain is growing weak, I | believe. I-iet. us repeat the cut one last time and then to bed I" I "AVas it not precisely by flic new_ deals prepared in advance that C'onieray was ruined. continued Xzisconrs: "it was impossible to prove that his adversary understood how to rule th" hazard, but. it was suspentod._ Show me how to arrange the now deal skillfully. X am curious to see the trick that ruins u limn and kills him at the same time jrouteleone made 110 response. The gaze of Do Izisooui's held him spell- llomid, and lie was powerless to control either his anger ur his terror. His self-possession loft him. lie . felt that he had become flic sport of afatality amiiust which there was no defence. _ 1 "" Come.'' cried Do Laseoiirs, euergefieallv. to lunse the gambler from his torpor; " come: ' show me the card that served to wad Come l-av's pistol." " "Who are you. and what do you want r stammered Afoiitelt'one, his eyes haggard, liis teeth cliattering with terror : " what is your object in speaking to me thus r And yet at this moment T seem to see him tiiere in your I place. But what were you in 1812 f A child I of scarcely six years , " And ywisolf. Hontoleone, what were you | tlien r A young and handsome adventurer, tiling the cards, to the detriment, of players in giinil faith, and paying for your orgies with the patrimony of widows and orphans. " H. do Lnseoiirs " " Let us liave done avit'ii souhriipiets and I pseinbmyms.Ar.aster Kaggi," cried the young 11\. throwing the marked cards full in the .liner's face : " my task is accumplished. I will commit myself with you tm further !" " AVhat does this mean:- Sir—I .have pistols there :" " I t means that I have avenged my father and unmasked a swindler. I'.uter, gentle men.'' ia' called out, turning toward the I11 response to his call, five or six of the chief players of the Kursaal came out of the bed-chamber. A magistrate and two policemen accom panied thorn. AfoiiP-lcmie was seizisl by the collar as he was presenting his pistol-case to vomiir Ooinerny. 44 Pardon," exclaimed the J'Yanhfort! lj:tulccri*. whom he had formerly rohhed of | millions : 44 pardon—pistols may ho tam pered with also : ji duel is a ^'ime of eliance JiJee another, you hi.t 1" I u Uemove this man," commanded the! magistrate: 44 H. de Cumerny, I thauk you for havinir volunteered lo play this part, en ahlintr us to take this thief <*" ,/%//'/> to ' th ih iur 44 It was a personal vengeance against the man who made an orphan of me at six years of age. You own me no thanks. Bull have ] hadTi hard, night! Good-evening, gentle men." I J[e parsed out. The witnesses of the scene | dispersed. idonteleonc, sent hack to Trance, j was tried and convicted. He killed himself I in Ills nrison. -Trarishrhtl foe the Ai'donnut fi'oiu the Fi'tach uf (jltttiih' J'if/no/t by Jf.C.Ji. 