AWAKENED Blr Bns. S. S. Asni ca. Suczr a pretty home it was anold farm house, partially modernised wtt big bay Window, brand piazza, and cunny verandas, and an old-fashioned porch at'tbn back overw r whicl dile morning glories elamlere~d.? -';.~ Tie wide green lwn in frontslope down to a graded villaqntee enute .dod walk from a lar summoerhotl. Bint back of the lhouese cres and acresof rich, level 1 farm land strefehed away twhero sleek cattle fed. and where bir waited for telxr anter acr big eA wani~tcd for i te luxuriant crops of lay} and grain that a filled te wide mows whledn the haying b season was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest a farm in all the country round, and when tile youpgntaater Willils ~ fie ean lifdrcdirouI rlit ill. jsi 6i -;I. people said shte was a fortunate woman. Ilut Milly in her lovely "home, was not t entirely halpy. Ste Was young and some tiling of-a dreamer, and still--lad that old fashioned notion that hiusbands ought to be t lovers. And Will, thotugh hehad been an I ardent lover, soon settled down after his g marriage to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic way: i PI'retty brown-haired ililly ih pow lovely, I how dainty site was, etith her pink and wlite fac and .er dove-liki eyes! And n tLtaiugh 'so yanhgelme was alimest capable" `i lihQtsekecpyoun, ,dad Clue kinddestmistressnntlhe b `world; as Aunt Dolly, the eoek, and Nora, the stout Irish'housemaidcould both a testify. t o Every room in the ratmllng old house was tastefuidly arrangedl, and in Immactlate il order.' She made clharming teiletstoa, for C Wilt boitaltlier beattiftiu"elothes. "But; al, dear! she thought so ofti.h with tears t in her pretty eyes, "wliat ie titeiuse of w leansunreR my dwits at all except foriy own tpleasure i:illwould never enwtir whether a wI ore a satic or aftided mliks gowni. ' g HIe tad bought far her owdiexelusive use a a gentle ponyc and a prettyidea-cart; and e though lie was never too busy to harness it it foir her, the careless way hle would toss her i tlh linies afterwnard made Dilly remember, ai thouglht ill forgot, that the happiness of e lifeto:one woman at least, was made up of littlethis.n *- p Delightful afternoon teas she gave, some- p times doors, o Sometimes on ite wide, beatitiful lawn.. Anid they were always 0 largely attended, for pretty ldra. Clyde had R hosts of friende at the lug hotel and about a the village. Other people were not uni- it mindful of her charmis if her husband was. a And when sometimes at theeiftennis or cro- o quet WTill passed through the yard on his t way to the house or ield--Will, with his an broad, handsome shoulders and drooping r black monustachec-and carelessly touched b his hat to the players, for lie knew them all, I the tell-tale flush on 2hillys cheek, and the T sparkle in her soft eyes, showed how proud I she was of her farmer husband, ; . Willis Clyde was a hlandsonie man, liaid- I somer far thaneven aristocraticINeal Rivers, I with-his six feet of stature, -his blenads I moustache, and laiughing blue eyes that could look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. Hlie and his mother tud his Cousin Clare were I summering at the hotel. They anme early in.JunewhlenNealwas just recoveriitgfrom a fever, and looked very uijch like a long limbed ghost. Long go Its had grown brown and strong, but lte still lingered,a tholuigh .July Ihadt gone, and the" fiery mouthed tiger lilies had opened their eyes i to tlh blazing Auigust sunshine. . I \- Itivas the day for' Lonitead picnic; a i slutlirous August day, almost sulphurous with intense hieat. ite long, dusty road t strethted away like a windintg vlite ser- t pent between the green hedges, making even ite thouglht of cool, shadowy wood- : landsla delight on sitch ainorning. They I startll at ten o'clock; Milli wlio could not coax ilill to go with her oding with the others in a large van, Neal Rivers drove s his Cdusin Clare and Madge Winteis over in his buggy. ilow glorious the woodls were after thlati dusty three miles' drive! Theywere soon schttered iabout in thie shtady grove, looking like tmspicttal birds. Swings flasliteId through the air, with their merry burdens; long tibles were splread bletweent the trees, andl far bark li sodnic cool retrdet ablind played dreanmily. ... l \- 3illy enjoyed it all, bt shel; was nb stracted antd more than uasully quiet. Willc could:not come with lei,ind of late sihe found lherself wondering if it was quite the lhing for lier to go so tnuidich without him.I Neal Rivers was always with hier; hity, slto told liereer, : , rmall} saiia..eaof ton in a week than she sar oter husbantid. That s surely was wrong. But whty did hlie minon- c opolise her so, ;lwhen lie knew site had a b husbind ? Perhiaps, and site caught her breath quickly, lie was flirting with her, as s Madge told him;tlite other day lie did flirt with every girl, ridding that lie oughtto get Ii a wife and stop such noisense. And tlh h n lie laughed, his fae flushied as he sad I rather impatientl3y- .. "If tiatis iuenlysafegun, ilte chances J are that 'Imt tyflirt all my life, for I shall never Ihave ai wife.'":- c IIe had ac plesantwaay of doing things, and she had enjoyed his attentions so muhel s at first, as if lie hadil been-her brother; but now, now she -was suspiciousof everything, and flushed and paled if she caughlt his o eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told himn "Hle was- like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy ' himself orlet anybody else doss." SAfter the delicious dinner, Neal proposed c that -Madge and Billy should row with hIim fi across the lake back of the grove,to a little p island wheresomino rare fernsgrew among Ii the rocks. At first Hilly declined, but Mfadge persisted so earnestly tint shie reluc tiaitly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowie, they had al t merry, pleasant row. When the boat's keel n touched the shore, and:Mr. Rivers was a already landed, Madge, who was always a f careless maiden, found to her dismay that she Ihatd lost one of the beautiful bracelets t leer. father had given her onlynshtort time a befiore. \- Oh," she moaned, "I must goright bock and loolk for it - You go ashore with Mr. Itivers, Milly, and when I find it I willtcome t directly back to you. Don't go for the ferns until C come, for I want to to o." \- . "Ohl,'no, 1adge," Billy sad, sturdily. "I almsgoingback to help you lindyour brace- - "What foolishness, with- all IlaC crowd c of peoplo -to help mo,MIilly! 'lease get s] outat-eo man cats rowso much fister with out you. - liut 31illy still -hesitated. She did not want tolgo ashore ithlI Mr. Rives, and ter face showed it plainly. - "Come," .ie said, in thutd maderfl way \ he had, holding out lis liahnd to help her, I "Come,littlePuritain,"addingwiohthslightly f sarcastic- laugh, "there are no Lers on the island to -devour us while Madge is gone, so do not fear. I have been herebefore and know every foot of.it."i P-:-' \- And nmie sna-vher vexed, fluslst face lie laughled again, but she gave limLer htand andi stepped ashore.- - - -Thd ywenta little way:Srp ple tiezik, to where a larrRe maple threw Its catldows, and after Imr. Rivers ,had arrdnod Milly-s -, shawil overC tie stones so as tdonihe iacon fortable seat,-lth threw himself onlthie"T rss besideiter, fanning litiself with his straw -, lat. They sat tius a good wlhile~nit talk nguch iatleg Chteleit quiir across ithe lake like molten silver. For toe breeze had gone down again, and nupn that sulphurous heat was everyn'ihes Lighit clouds obscured the sun, now and tien, and in the wesst huge "thunder-leas" piled thtemselves upi. \- lut they- took io notice thata i diower. wascomung;one of thitsesuddein downpours lthatnloy conicin Cithe lIrid liestet doe \- days.-1t was two hoirs-by >Ird Rivera \- watci; andstiil no IMadgo no boat \- " tca releas hxprebahtlhhIJrgote .Iall abbdut us,"Ite~said, rising. , -3 - \- The sun was obscured by tCliii oe, and titers was a low moaning of w0ind trouigh the leaves. Ite looked about hastiul, taking in the situation at a glance. 1aoscould he have been'so careless as to takeso heed -thath shower was coming? For even as he looked there was a flash and dhe frst muilled roll of thunder. lIon' white Milly's face grow! -ar since she could remember,she hadheeti ijstically afraid in a thunder shower. EviinatCie safe shelter of her home sce, socetimes nearly fitinted with fright, and non- - "To thie boat-house, quick!s it is so dorly shelter," he said, hastily taking her i hIiand. Thsey reacieed it just as the ofst Wild torrant of rain dasheit down. ie ande thCe clumsy door fast, and then-wenthback to where sitev was standing-for tCeo wan nothing to sit dowt uipon but tie h1oor SiSh put out her hands and cautnhttlhi arm, a lidinS Jeer eyes against lis sleeve. As Ito esumwiw9w Wlit she was hle- rew hit o"ti breath hard, put his other arm around her, and let her lean there. Afterward when the ocean rolled be. tween them, the memory of that pure, trusting; glie"face against is narm was like a shield la'lout Ihim, the whisper of a 'peace be atill; to his storm-tossed soul. It grew rveiy dark in the boat- house, lighted only by two small windows at eitlheriendh one-could scarcely see the -ingthi of it . hei'lighltning was appallinig, the thinder lcrrific, and the nin heat and blurred againsc the.windows-and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clasping fingers tightened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, hie brushed her hair sootlhingly, and told her not to tremble so; the worst of it miust soon be over; and they could go out again. When at last it was over, tihe beoat came Di k frtltg ~ibey:crossedinsafety, apd were eoonewithc the others in the over crowded little cottage near the grove, where they had taken. refuge. dilly looked pale and ill from her fright, and Neal was so quiet that Madge told him be "'appeared to lhave fallen upon peace by the wayside." for his restlessness of the morning was all gone. - The carriages came at last, the large van, and Wilson, the coaclhman, with Mr. Itiver' horse and buggy. : "Madge," Neal-said in his autlhoritatile :manner, as hie came into the hall, "you will idde ini the van, and MIilly mist go in the buggy with Clare; she is tired." "Nobody. else is, I suppose," Madge answered in a Teled tone. "Mihly-is made of better flesh and blood than the rest of its." "I know that," lie said,'"so you are going in thie van with me, and Wilson will drive Clare and Milly in the bugjgy." "And thlouugh Ailly did not visli it she was too tired to argue the point, and hlie hiad his Next day3 she hiad ai nervous headache, and kept her room until nearly night.- 'I'lThe girls came to see lhcr,`IMadge chatteringlikte a magpie, and piitied her, because her heiatd ached, and told hler lhow " wretchedly dull it lhad libeen all day with Neal also sick, or if lie was not sick lie was cross and stulpid, iind had louned on the piazza all day, not even reading At niglht she crept downstairs into the parlour, whlen W1ill came in to read his paper, and sat down near him lecninug her head on his knee. Sli-i- acted to tell .hlil of Ther stay in the boat-lhouse with Mr. Rivers, because sle thought she onglht to, and hie ihad evidently been muclh worried about liher yesterday, knowing how timid she was in a shower. But after le found out there was a house-near by where they took refuge, ice said iio more. So slue began at once giving him tihe outline of thie story rapidly and in a low tone; the row, the lost bracelet, the shower, and her stay in the boat-house wnithi Mr. Rivers while it lasted. When she lhad finished, she waited wvithi burning cheeks for him to scold lher. But Will, who to do him credit, lhad not lheard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boet-house, antd ferns, anid Madge, said irritabl,- " How persistent you are, c1illy! What do I care for tlhose people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself with them if you like, but - don't expect. me to be interested. -I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep - wondering why Will .did niot care about suche thing as that. She sat in tihe cool piorch the next morn ing shellin pseas, whlen the girls canme for her to play tennis. But- Hilly shook hler lhead resolutely. S"No," ste said, "a hIousekeeper has otlher things to, do in the morning than pliay tennis." "We shall. have to send Neal for you, then," saidMcdge. "IIo charged us not to comebackwithoutyou." And thoughl 3illy felt her cheeks birn, she answered,- "You need not send Mri Iivere. Why should I go for hen more thin for yotc?" Why, indeed? But aten minutes later lhu sauntered Iazily up tihe walk, put hlis laugh ing face in at tihe dloor, and said gaily, "Come dlilly, we ant you. -Don't refuse-wve shall be all going in a few weeks, you know, and then you can- shell peas all winter.". , , As sie ran uplstairs to brush her hair and get readly, she thoughit, " cWhat is tihe use? I may as well go, for as ice says, they will soon be gone, all of them, and then 1 can do penance, nid ancd-Will dloesn t care." After that she inever refused to go witlh her friends inynhicere. She walked, rode, w-ent sailing, played-games, -c-ent to tcie hIopsnt aho thotel, to wcaitch tie diaincers, in short, drifted whichever way tihe wave carried her; because they waneted her, and because "Will didn't care!" The ncight was full of moonlightl and the soft chirp of crickets. It was tihe Iuast hol of tihe secason. To-morrow many w-ere going home, among ticecci Neal licers canl iis mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. Madge w-as disconsolate. As she passed Neal on tihe piazza, ice caught her arm. "iasi't 13illy come yet?" ihe said ex. citedly. "No," she answered, "I am going now to see why." " Here, give her this." - He scrawled a few worlsqon the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight:- " Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. NEAL":' Sooner- than ice tihought possible they came. H1o stood on tihe hotel steps waiting for them, his lhands crowded into ihis Ipockets, his face horribly pale in tihe moon light as ice looked down upon lher face. " Were you not comining?" - "No," wearily. Then he put her hand on his arm, and they walked slowly down the yard into thi moonlit garden. Suddenly ice turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. . " Little wild bird, your heart is strickcn, too, because we imust be piarted-and mine,' ol, IHeaven, mine is breaking!" "Say good-by, and let me go, chue panted. pis Iccind trencled; he gnawed his mocs tachc liercely. "3tilly, I love you," pleadingly ".Go with me over tlie oceccn. You must- ecu shall! I cannot go without yon! I never wanted any other woman for my wife-s will never have any other. With ocu I canm be a good man, withoitt you 1 sica-lc drift to 1ldesl Come, come, icy darling! lIe will not care-he is hard nind cold. Ic a week ice -ill forget he ever iced you. In your` tn-o smell hlands you hlold my fate- "illy-little bronon-hiire M1illyl" ju1t what Will had said, with ilis arms alsouct ier, so long ago, in another aonlilt gardcn filledwritltheiiesof icon of crickets. Over and over tice words rang ticemselves in iar ears.- -ar"I em a plain man, not given to mnecy words, but 1 love you, Idilly, darling, little brown-iceired lhilly!" - And woven in somelhon with tlie bars of \- moonlight end tice Ihlunccing crickets weru those otlier weeds in letters of lice:" Whalit~ therefore God hath joined togethei, letlnot -macc put asunder1" -- - aDuocc tics gnaren pathc snie flcd like a -wounded deer; panting, ealger, brsti~alsos,8 lshe did not stop until 51cc thlrew lierseltl across tice bed in lier own room, and feinted dead awvay. - -To dcuys hater, when she crept dowun stairs in - la t morning-sungliglg, with lr pale, shaedocvy- face, - Will, waiting atthce foot, held out-his h arms and clasped her to him, awalkened at last. - - - 