THE GOLDEN BOWL. 'And there it must remain, for she must get no clue of you. Fortunately you are in mourning. We must start for town at once. Buy a water- proof, a plainer dress, and a few necessary articles; also a trunk; then you must come to my house.' ' Your house ?' withl a dubious start. ' Yes,' seeming not to notice her hesit° atiobn. 'I have a little daughter; she is rather sharp, and I don't know if you are competent to take the place of governess to her; but you can try. She is too old for a nurse, but it will be a good excuse. I.have a very decent housekeeper, and you will stay in my house with them till the end of the week, then, if I have made arrangements in time, you, Amy, and I, will start for the north. 'Very well, sir. I will do exactly as you tell me, and I may be able to teach your daughter better than you thinlk.' Miss Carrie was always very kind in teachiing me, and Miss Kempsbn letme read and play the piano as I liked, especially since she took me as a companion. I'I. ar' glad of'it,' the:r mittt, will be niade easier; and it wil 'li f6'c ?o6ur owiin' behefit too, partierlaily if'G6dfrey' is aiive. and ever" returns;, Now. > -le''md . advise you" to kepp y0oi r vil.'dow?' as miLch as possih, we will ??ilk'oit.of' this. gate and get clear of' the ijald'e,"th~; t 'will make it all, theb ior-?:idiffic?ilt"' tfiiesk: you.' .. :'". '' :" Thus it was that: nob6dyji:a'nsiderig' Milly Biray's description had 'bee~i seen t6 leave the Crystal Palacd, eitei 't by,tlie -Iigh or Low level line, and every .trace of her from that point was I1st, it seeined indeed, as though she had been swallow'ed up in the building, for, from thie:time of Hilda's speaking to her tlhere, not a clue of any description could be found. That evening, to Amy" Shrapsiell's dismay, and the housekeeper's, digust::the new governess,:of whose existence' they, had only heard an hour Ibefore, arrived, and was shown up into her room, one 'of the spare bedrooms, according ti orders, which still further added to the in'dig? nation of the honsehold, as thougih the? riursery bed would not have- been good enough, for :noo resident> governess 'had ever been engaged before.for Miss Amy. \- However; there she was, too young and pretty, to win the housekeeper's- entire a~pproval, though her deep mourning,: unassuming manners, and .absence of anything like ornament, made-an inai pression, which even suspicion that the master might be trapped into marrying, could not render unfavouirable. As'for Amy, she confided to her papa that niiglit before going to bed, that she thought Miss Brown seemed nicer' than any, other governess she had had; ticou'gh she did not like her.quite as well as the pretty lady whih the high cap, who said ' thee and thou,' down at Tynemouth' ' . She went to bed quite satisfied .however, when she was told that she and Mtiss Brown would probably soon go t6 Tyne: mouth, and the lawyer wevit to bed ;that night, congratulating himself upojn laving outvitted Hilda Kempson so.easily. Two days later after 'this, -an aidver tisement appeared in the';igony'I columni o'f:thee 'Daily Telegraph,' which rad:i: s follows: :'liMs TrONE.- A gre-st discdoery Isas been made, allas ysou wisha.nd hope,i:but; 'Idrfiheir action is useless until:I hear "from you' aniis~fer through .same' imediemni. if you choose, hbut, let me lihow. iere 'a letter will find you; ., . - SA E GULL." For aiwhole wek: tihe' 'same. paraigraiph appeared, and it 'puzzled many, peopie,' though no one ansivered through the.same imediunm' and yet fdir all that,-.Willoughb SShrap'iell was '.not diss?atiidfidd isthe :result' of his exEperiment,: b'ista'evisitd'd' edith' :impatience a:reply. to' a" letter 'which: he iad' wriitien to Sadie' Sloecoirb'e.; .: . Po: ior Sadie !:What pa'iri:i n.mfi' igist save ::women if they only knewir'ojilud~ed :thie better, ''' ' H:'is 'lettei asking 'if thaey ould.spare anotiler roiom for the ,achoiimodatii6dn' oft Amy 's governess, .whom lie" thought:of briniging down with .him, and leaving :at rTynemouth with thd child,' wias\ like 'a sword thrust to :the :scluided:'.b woman Swhose life had:known butso 'little love or pleasurable emotion. : :. :.: " :: ' To have told hlerthat' she had Iopei'dbor : dreamed of anything 'that could' infledence her:life from Willoughby Shraifnell's ad vent into their little circld would .have 'shocked her immeasuaibly, and' ::yet, the .world had :':rot beien i'quite s.o;1ddll 'and. 'leaden !in hue,;life liad:not been tsucie .ai eairthly pilgrimage, ':and death ha'djh not ..looked such asi inviti'gs; g.itet' 'hea?ien' since she had krnoin':liiiim. wviile'er' sister Marian looked at her in wonder, marvell ing th?t?a fresh 'arinigtidoe'f"jotish slihould "'come:back to the face and form :of her -sister, who was alreadyi in the rfuill sumimeir ; of life, if time and season may be'cotinted ,by days and years. " '; .But this letter:brought a great :change; :: who might this governess be ? Could:, ie not trust his child intheir charge ? :Andla Sfeeling which she shrank "from :.analysing, :tortuired this siniple woinan'sr breast, and made her bury her crimson face in theside -;of her:bed; as she knelt.there prayiig..that :she might not be led into temptation, add i that if same great burden was'.laid upori ,her:hearti she should be granted ifortitude andpowier to bear it. - ': ., :. : ;': :Fort my.'grace is sufficient for: the'e' i and:my. strengthis made perfect: insweak. niness,':she repeated, as she rose to her feet 'while, if ever'face was lovelywith a more than eaithly radiance, it was that of thi small Quakeress; her countenance lightedd up with a faith and love strong and perfect; enough to triumph over all stiffering, . The love and spirit that had nerved the founders of her faith to brave thIe cross, .thiestake and thie headvman's axe, was I strong upeti her now to suffer torture, as ggreat, yea greater perhaps, because it must b'e borne\in silence, perchance with a ,,sinile upon the lip while thIe vulture was ,:itearing out her heart and devouring it. .,So the letter was written and sent; cquaint in' its phraseology, but kind in its feeling and tone. 'The lady could have a room whenever hechose to bring her, and they would be very glad to see dear Amy again,' that was its purport, but the lawyer, gifted with more sensibility than one usually ".accredits a member of his profession to possess, read between the lines, though blindly perhaps, and guided by his own .sympathies, and guessed somelthing, if but a slight portion, of the struggle that had agitated the writer's breast. 'I shall tell her Milly's history,' he decided, as he folded up the epistle and put it in his pocket: 'then she will trust her, and have no doubt of me.' Thus it was that Amy and her father, with the new governess, who would cover her pretty figure with an ugly waterproof, and hide her lace under the bewilderins lace veil, started for Tynemouth on what to some ot the party was to be a loug, and to all an eventful, visit, CIIHAPTER XXXVh. 'Miss SADIE, wislyou Come for a walk with me on the sands ?' I want to: tell you something.' : A flush on the pale cheek, a flutter: f the eyelids, and she replied : 'I will ask Miriam.' 'Why should you ask Miriam? Are you not old enough to decide upon a matter great or small for yourself?' asked Willoughby Sharpeell, almost sharply. The Qualkeress thought of her thirty odd years with a sigh. 'Yes, but I have always been in the habit of deferring to Miriam, and years make but little difference when that is the case.' ' Suppose you make the first exception in my favour, and put on your bonnet at once. ' Will you?' , : Yes,: tremulously. STen minutes after and the:two were walking out of--the quaint old house togetheir; i An odd couple anyone looking at them would think. iaThelawyer;-tall, dark, iiclined to be a little stout, but with a fratik, handsome face,;:.and- with a' manner and bearing vhich :nhaitrd seemu to have stamped upon some mierias though they were born. to command,:-.- .: i While.<Sadie; small, fair, and timid,: .ttire'd, too, in th'e prim,: obsolete costume which most of the sect she had beenborn among have discarded, looked like a grey ghost who had walked out of.a picture to join :,the tall man by whose sideshe stepped : , lo fact the contrast was'too striking:forI Willoughby Shirapnell's taste, and as they walked along he asked: .- - - . S-' Why do you still wear that singular dress ? :I:tlioughthe Society of Friends had decided it to:be unnecessary.' , Yes,:they have;--. I never remember to have seen Carae:in it, but Miriam decided: thlatshe: and I should continue to wear it, therefore I:do so. S. You have no prejudice in favour of it, then2? You would not object to dress like other women ?' - 'No, I should prefer it; but Miriam wishes it otherwise.. Thou seest,' - she added, by way of apology, ' Miriam brought me up:from a child. , I never re member her. except as a grown up woman, and she has been a mother rather. than-a sister to mie; so thou shouldst not wonder thbit I obey her,'. 'Perhaps I should not, but I want to talk to you of something else; you do not like Miss Birown, Amy's:governess ?'. I '----why shouldst thou say so ?' :.Because I see it, and I want to tell you her history and -why she is: here, and you will judge her more kindly,' : 'I have not judged her ; she is a stranger, and-':' " :::. MIlay I tell you her story ?'; . -, . : Surely, ahd if I- have been remiss-iii the kihdness of a ;Christian -and- the courtesy of a gentlewoman rebuke me.' - -:.Nay; there is. nothing of that kind.. I meant when I received your letter saying I couldibring her to tell youi, about, her ; indeed, it is but. right and-.fair thatiyou shduld-know.' : -.. :.,And ithereupon :he gave .a sketch, of Milly's life and misfortunes, is. far.as he kniew of. them,.;to hisu patient !and :as tonished.listener:-- i .,- -; :- : ,::.' And thou:thinkest Godfrey. lives ?' was her eager.question. -.::: -: ,; ..,, .. e? h'lie: soi.pbut. have :no certaity, was his:reply., i : S'But thou:wilt tell. Carae?: : ,:, .:' No,:it would only agitare her. - When swe have any. certainty :she shall know directly. -. " :: ::-"Perhaps thou art right i- and this poor girl, :she llved him ?' ri . \- " ?Yes; iloves ltim .still iand, isi ready. to ddo orisuffer anything lin the hope,; of hisj beiog.i restoreditob.het.' .:: ;c iii, ""rli ' : Poorigirl,-I must bLe kind toher, and yet suchilove as.that isa-:mine of -happi ness in itself.'- : ., , - ' i ,D o y ou th in k so t ? ,y . .:! : .: , : -i' Surely ! If Godfrey loves .lier and she him and they know it,,what more can thley have or h'ope for in this world: ?\ . ; A great- deals they thinki perhaps. But do you think to love and be loved .essential to life ?' "i' No; not to life, but to happiness.' 'I'hey were walking on the long sands which seemed to:havebeen deserted for their special benefit, and Sadie had not taken the lawyer's arm when he offered.it, hut now he took her hand in his own and retained it, though she made some slight effort;to pull it away. : .' Do.you think it possible that you could love me, Sadie ?' he askled, bending down to heri while his face flushed like -that of a boy :-!: Can-it:make you happy to know that I love youi and that my dearest ,wish is:to make you my wife ?' : .... i ::'Love-me!' repeated thes little woman, looking up with her .blue, eyes in .Jrank amizement.:'What canst thou see in me to :love?, I- knew that I----' then:she paused, her face pink with blushes.-, S' -You what ? I wish: to know I insist upon knowingA: : : ' I cannot tell thee,.: but thou mayst guess.'..: And the eyelids drooped, the stweet lips quivered. If ever a: lfade told its mute story of love' it was Sadie Sloecombe's while her lover stood by eagerly;reading it -... ' But you'have not told me, Sadie; will you':be my. wife ,?' :' Yes; with all my heart.' ... - :''At which Willoughby Shrapnell caught thde uiresisting form in his arms, and, the next exclamation was : - ' Cdnfound that bonniet.' .. "Whereupon, despite the irreverence of the reinark, Sadie- laughed, certainly a Quakeress's bonnet was never designed for kissings in, IHe was not to be defrauded of his just privilege in this manner, however, and to the scandal of two old maids who lived near the Sloecombes, and whose curiosity had been so roused by the unusual sight of MissSadie walking along with a man as to tempt them to follow the lovers, the lady permitted her hideous bonnet to be pushed back, and submitted, nay, perhaps actually returned the kiss which there was nodoubt about being bestowed. What more dreadful thing could bappen? The gossips went back at once, their belief in all that is lhuman shaken, for here was Sadie Sloecombe, who seemed as far from love or marriage as any man, in actual and undoubted possession of a lover. Sadie herself was much further from realising the fact in all its importance than they were, To her it all seemed like an ecstatic dream, from which she should presently awake, and though she now clung to the arm she had before declined, the great change that was to come over her life, even while Willoughby spoke, was still like a far off vision to her. 'There is no need for our waiting, dear,' he was saying. ' I have a house all ready to take my wife to. I shall not be able to get out of town to go on to the Continent until autumn, but to go to London to live will be a change for you, won't it? And I must steal as much time from business as I can to spend with you. ?Yes, dear. But what about Cara and M'iriam ?' 'Oh, ;e will:leave Amy and Milly to take care of arid amusethem. They can't expect to keep you all their lives.- Come shall we say that we will be married this day month,' SYea, dearest, if thou wishest it.' ' Of course I do, don't you ?' ' Another kiss, nobody to see this time.' 'The first thing to be done is to .get rid of that bonnet,' looking viciously at the article in. question. ' \Ve must get Milly to help us in that matter. You won't know yourself when you are prettily dressed, and though I love you in anything, my darling, I don't want to see you peculiar to other people, or,' with a smile, 'to have my nose broken everytime I try to kiss you.' 'I wonder what Miriam will say ?' was the reply. 'She said it was seeking after the mammon of unrighteousness when I. told her I should like to put aside the plain dress, and wear ordinary clotheslike other Friends do.' ;Restraining his inclination to say Srubbish,' Willoughby observed : 'You will belong to me now my darling, and not to Miriam,:and I tliink that to inake. .o'eselt siigular and 'lieciliar ',ii diess or;b·hiv.ioir, is, to .say 'the'.le-t o f it, a mark of bad taste.-: You .are not: afraid Ilshall'be a' t'ratit, are you Ssdie.?' ' No; .besides -.I" "he 'l'd . liked:;:'?iidch tyranny. If youoniy lo've me I shall be happy.'_: ...... ' That I shall always do, my-love. And so, talking swe8f nonse se, the two wandered on aid, Miss Miriam had work'ed himselflip int?d a pei'fct tfe?irer' of anxiety andanger, before her ulsister, who for the" first time had' gone' out without' asking permissibn,-and with 'a man, too, returned. Nor was she by no means satisfied when on their return, Willovghby walked. into. the room with Sadie in which Lady Carewl and herself were sitting, and utterly heed: less of the frown upon her face, said : 'Allow' me to introduce you to my future wife.' 'What, Sadie ?' asked' the blind lady, holding up her sightless face.; Comd and kiss me, child. It is'more tbi:h.I h'd' hoped for. We shall have aL strong man now on our side.' Then, when her' sister had received- her caress, she held out her hand:to. Will oughby, saying: ' ' My new' brother, welcome, ma yboi both be as happy as I once was, and.may it last through your whole lives.' ' Amen i' replied the lawyer, as hekissed the hand extended to him. SBut Mardam was not to be thus eaisily appeased. W' Was it seemly to go out alone like this and remain away so long?' sh'e iaskedj severely. ' Surely we thought it so,' answered Sadie, with a bright glance at the man oshe thdught better tliah ail others; ' buit hast thou no. word foir .me in;,mygreat happiness, Miriam ? R- ejoice w.ith::me, diy sister, and give me thy 'loving wishes and blessing.' \- And she went and knelt?by the side oif the wizened woman w'ivho had been ass:a riother to'h'er';iiid tbok 'her hand. : Spite. of liersielf Miriani' Sloecombe w.as moved, her'lip tremblediand a:tear. stoodb in:her:"ej; as:sh';placed her hand on her sister's. head, saying : 'Bli?sfil~,he"Sadie; anid may the 'ian to wih6iii:'thbifliassgiven thylove keeip thee is the apple of his eye,' then she kissed her, gave her hand to Willoughby, walked out of the room, and. the family circle saw no more of her" thait day. . Perhaps she, went to strew the graves ofi her dead. with the withered leaves of memory; be this ;is it. may, she came oelt of.herroom next morning looking older,j weaker,:'and more fragile, 'nd.the truth lashed upon Willoughby Shrapoell's mind that she was not' mu'ich longer for this' world. As for Mily Bray, .though nominally Amy!s governess, she spent most of her time in her own room, looking out uppn the ever restless sea, wondering whether Godfrey was alive, whether Hilda. Kemp son was hunting for :her, and feeling a little frightened, and a good deal o'ut::of her element in the company of the:housel particularly when she recollected she iWas there in a false character, and under. 'ani assumed name, nid; that''ithe~y; were dela: tives, but in" what degree she did not know, to :Godfrey Sloecombe; It was? a relief therefore, in the mo notony.of her nei life when 'Mr. Shrap nell asked her to assistMiss Sadie in get tinag a more modern costume.than she had been in tbe habit of wearing, and also in the preparation of her trosseau. To the surprise of everyone Miriam Sloecombe mode no objection to her sister's change of dress, nay, she seemed rather'to approve of it,.and when two days after his acceptance the lawyer sug gested taking Sadie, Milly, and Amy, to Newcastle on a shopping expedition she made no demur, and gave her sister a well-filled purse with which to pay for whlat she bought. Amy would tell you that it was a dull day perhaps she and Milly found it so, but the two by no means juvenile lovers were certainly not of her opinion, and when they returned to Priory House that eveiiing," it. was with 'something like a presage of evil that Willoughby opened the telegram that in.its yellow envelope lay on his table waiting for him. It came fromhis partner, who alone knew his address, and ran as follows: 'Mr. Monckton has been here and says he must see you at once upon business oh vital importance.' That was all, but it convinced Wil. loughby Shrapnell that something had been discovered, which even his partner had not been made acquainted with, and that he must.himself be in town cn the following morning. 'I am leaving my heart behind me, and shall soon return,' he said, as he embraced Sadie, and started on his return journey to London, where matters of great impor tance were awaiting him. But there were no tears shed at his de parture. Business must be attended to, and he would soon comeback again they agreed, and meantime wedding garments had to be prepared, and even the blind lady wvas somewhat excited at the prospect of Sadie being married so soon, so much so that 'she almost forgot to bh impatient to learn the fate of her children, trusting Willoughby to keep his word, and as soon as possible bring her news of them. And Milly, transplanted from the tyranny of IHilda Kempson to this quiet home, looked out upon the sea night and morning, and often all day long, praying to it as though it had been some sentient being. 'Oh, bring me back my love; bring him back to me. In sickness or in health, in poverty or wealth, only let me be clasped in his arms before I die; and oh, sea, I ask no more.' Thus still her cry went out, and the answer come not. CHAPTER XXXVII. Two months later. It is July, and at Clovelly Court, doors and windows are all wide open, to receive the perfume of myriads of flowers, and also to catch some of the cool breezes which blow in from the sea. Hilda Kempson is home again, having after fruitless inquiries and great expense, given up poor Milly Bray as lost. Lost, in more senses than one, some malicious people said, for Milly had many enemies, and Mrs. Searle, Jacob's mother, in her own trouble, felt a certain fiendish satisfaction in the thought that misery and disgrace had fallen upon the girl who had been the cause of her son's crime, 'Young Monckton knew more about her whereabouts than he cared to disclose,' Sir Philip Walsingham had once been heard to say, and the solution to her absence thus hinted at, soon began to be spoken of as an undoubted fact, and though Mrs. Winstay, Dr. Bristol, and a few of those who had known the girl, positively asserted their disbelief in the scandal, their protests carried but little weight with them,, while Hilda, who felt as thoroughly convinced as they did that the story was untrue, yet affected to hiiv her doubts upon the matter, and "thusi seemed to confirm it. But she had an object in this, as she had in most of her actions, for anything; that could throw discredit upon Milly's character would also materially under value any testimony which she could give against herself; and that the girl would one day come forward as her enemy now she had escaped from her influence she had but little doubt. Not a comfortable conviction, but those who tread the slippery paths of crime.find many cruel thorns and sharp- edged wea pons to wound and make their progress painful if rapid. And Jacob Searle is still alive; though an inmate of Exeter gaol. Legal quibbles have been raised with regard to the formality of the indictment on which he was charged and tried, and though no question as to his' guilt is being put.forward his friends think he stands a good chance of regaining his freedom on the ground only that the murdered man's name. wa's Godfrey Stanley Sloecoinbe. As:Mrs. Searle would naturally enough have mortgaged the farm and spent her last shilling to save her son's life, the.la. yers had :been'at work, time had been gained, 'and though some people held that, as his body had not been found, the missing man might not be dead, few paid heed to this suggestion, the question now being to get off-guilty or not guilty; Meanwhile Hilda reigns at the Court, with a light hand, it is true, and though she knows that Mrs. Wiristay and the ser vants are no friends of hers and would welcome her downfall, were it possible, with satisfaction, she still is either too careless or too sure of her own power to dismiss them ; and thus, the work being light ind the wages good, they remain on, actuatced by different motives, but the iesultin all cases beingsthe same. ':" 5 During this time, too, though her en. gagement with Dr. Bristol hasnot been announced, it'has been taken' so generally for granted' that Hilda finds, as she dare not deny, the best way is to allow it to be assuriid, particularly as he comes so often to the Court and seems to wander about it, as Mrs. Winstay observes, 'like any tame cat.' But here again matters do not go smoothly. Sir Philip Walsingham, per haps because he hardly knows what to do with himself this summer, with his disgust; of town life and weariness of foreign travel, spends a good deal of time at the Court! also, and though at first he objected to! David . Bristol's constant presence :he seems to have become more reconciled to; it, though the same can scarcely be said! .of the doctor. Not that Sir Philip.has, quite made up ,his. mind to propose to Hilda, though: Clovelly Court is a temptation, but. he likes to see his way clear to a jump befdre: he makes up his mind to take it, and 'having'asked Hilda ifshe'is engaged to' the doctor, and beinig .issured by her that she' is'no,,' he.;is :quite' satisfied to lete matters driftr6n in their preseiit condition until'he'chooses to put forth his hand to arrest them. .David Bristol is not so pliant, however. More than once he has expostulated with Hilda on the rranner in which she so evidently encourages Sir Philip's attention and this afternoon he has ridden over with the express purpose of, as some people would term it, having it out with her. On his arrival he is shown into the white drawing-room, the windows of which open like doors into a long conser vatory, and here, where he has seldom been before, he paces up and down the room to wait. It is a magnificent apartment, both for size and ornamentation ; glass in every direction let in like panels in the walli; chandeliers which look like cut crystal of enormous thickness, depth, and bril liancy, while for the furnituire, it is all white and gold, bright and delicate in th'e extreme, but requiring the gorgeous colors of the flowers, which, from the windows being open, really seem in the room, to give it warmth and color. On this scorchingly hot da'y, however, shaded as it is from the sun's rays, arid with the splashing sound of a bubbling fountain, coming through an open window, David Bristol thought it the per fection of coolness and .comfort, and throwing himself upon one of the couches after his hot ride he stretched out his arms wearily, enjoying the change. 'As he does so his elbow comes in con tact with something sharp, and turning to see what it is he finds a book half hidden under the cushion of the large couch, ' This is better still,' he muttered half aloud, ' something. to read without, the trouble bof getting up for it,' and thus thinking he opens the volume. 'Toxicology,' he reads. ' Whoever can this belong to ? Who in this house can be studying the use of poisons?' Instinctively he turned to the fly leaf where the owner's name is often written, and there read the name of ' Hilda Carew.' 'Good heavens !' he involuntarily ex claimed, ' that was Hilda Kempson's name before she married; what could she do with such a book ? Surely she has never been mad and bad enough to make use of the knowledge thus obtained, and yet--' And he fell off into silent thought, his features working uneasily meantime, for Dr. Fenton's message to Hilda that he was inquiring into the death of her husband recurred to him, his own half vague suspi cions at the time came back, too, and then, as a ball once set in motion at the top of a hill continues to run without any propelling force against the incline to hasten it, so David Bristol's thoughts travelled in rapid succession from Hilda's husband to her uncle; what had been dark and dense to him before now seemed to be clachr with lurid light, and the convic tion came upon him that if his surmises were correct his own turn could not be far distant. His meditations were interrupted by the sound of voices in the conservatory, and he had only time to thrust the book in his. pocket, and in a measure calm his features before Hilda, with Sir Philip \Walsingham, the latter in riding costume, came into the room. 'The perfume of the flowers is over powering,' Hilda was saying, fanning her self languidly ; then she noticed Bristol, and said : ' Ah, doctor, how does this hot weather agree with you ?' SA little less of it would be preferable,' he replied carelessly,.as.he dame forwvard to greet them, and the conv~ersaiiori became general, when Hilda said !-: ',Doctor, will you ring the belli .I: think -I should like some te-a. David complied,. and in-: few seconids 'five o'clock tea,' as it is now called. was on a small, triangular-legged table. ;:': Ac another time David Bristol wbuild hot have thought of such a' th;ing now he watched.Hilda curiously as she made the tea anid arranged the ctupis, aid his scritiny isrewa rarded..: : :.:. , _ : You will'have a cup of t ea J llilitp?J she said, as she seated herself by-tlie tea table. 'No, thanks; I :aliays look uplon tea as pois'don I should :prefer some'~iced claret.': . ' Certainly.: Will youiL?uch the bell'? Doctor: Bristolir you will take' some t;ea With m e ?' . , .. 1 ..:.' T oni.a ' knyuit.wsh;: was enswer, anid he took ihe cup from heri;, knowing well there was sure and certain death in it. SHe played with his cup, ate a shred of brad arid butler, and watched Hilda sip her tea, fo it was in, the cup, not the tea pot that tihe:poison had been dropped. "Sudenhlf h'e lifted his cup to his lips1 seemed both to smell and taste it, and then puit it down and asked sternly : 'Wher? did you buythis tea, Hilda?' ' I-- didn'r buy it--at least, Winstay did" What is the matter with it ? Mine seems good enough.' .-sItis poisoned, that isall. Sir Philip, will yoG pull the bell?' ' PoisbnedI'., repeated Hilda, starting to her. feet,' you don't mean that I:shall died' 'An'd sie dexterously tilted .up one leg of the smaiill fable, upsetting it, and ?seid ing. tray, teapot and cups, spininiig upon the flodr. Quick as she was, however, David Bristol was quicker. He made no effort: to save th iid ible oir thie rest of the things, but Ire chight his own tea and sau?der iihis hand, and thus saved it' fromthe generalwreck, and when the servant appeared;, -'and his mistress ordered ..himto bring. frelts tea, and tell Mrs..Winstay it must be good, the doctor added:.' : a d'b'riig me':a bottle wi(h a corik, dr a glass stopper,. and.be quite sure :it is clean.' , . " : - -:W' What do :'you w.ant. the, bottle for, David:?! :asked: the mistress of 'Clovelly, thrown 'off her. guard for.the moment, and forgetting Sir 'Philip's presence. , ' ''To 'take this stuff- home hiid" anialyse it,' was the reply. 'I am sure there is, somethiig here that ought not' to be f6ind in tea.'-':' 'Nonsense l'. throw it away,7the heat .of the weathei has'affected yoir palate,' she said, with as much carelessness as she could assume; try some claret with Sir Philip, the tea has not hurt me.' .'But David Bristol was obsinate ithough he drank' the claret. '" . 'No; I am curious about this decoction, he said, looking her steadily in the face as he spoke. 'Thank you.' This.last to the footman who brought the bottle into which the liquid was poured ';nd the doctor then consigned the bottle to his 'pocket, far enough now from the reach of Hildai Kempson. "'Frightened and irritated, as well as baulked in her designs, Hilda tried hard to hide her,feelings, and failed to do tmore than seem in a very bad temper, as scarcely thinking of what she uttered, she said : 'You take strange liberties in my house, Dr. Bristol.' 'Not more than I am entitled to,' was the calm reply; then turning tothe baronet, he added: ' I suppose Mrs. Kempsot has informed you, Sir Philip, thatour marriage is fixed for the fourteenth of October, the anni versary of Sir Johi Carew's death-that is,' withl a singular glance, which Hilda read, at last, but too plainly, 'if I am alive.' That glance cowed the female prisoner, and to Sir Philip's angry and questioning glance, she could but stammer: 'It was not to be announced, you have broken your word, and I-' 'I made no promise of secrecy,' replied David cooly: 'and I am sure Sir Philip willfeel that such an intimate friend as he is, must be, at least, entitled to your con fidence in the matter. I tell you, Sir Philip,' looking at him 'that you may understand my position here, and that I anm not, as you have more than once seemed to suppose, an interloper.' 'Which I suppose you think I am ?' asked the baronet, holly.' ' Not at all; you are an old friend of the family. Sir John Carew had a greait regard for you, and poor Miss Carew was, if I have been rightly informed, to have been your wife, therefore your talting an Interest in her cousin is but natural, and I wish to stand sufficiently well in your opinion for you to believe that I also have a right to come here as often as I do; ililda and I became engaged almost im mediately after her uncle's death.' And David Bristol, workhouse found ling as he might have been, stood erect and proud as any Carew that had ever trod that ground, and looked so splendidly handsome that the baronet, with his long line of ancestors to boast of, not only felt small in comparison, but involuntarily ad mired the man, and HIlilda, but for the de tection of a few minutes before, would have felt Iat, let his origin be what it would, he was a man to be proud of, Now she sat silent and subdued, the high colour gone from her cheeks, while even her lips were ashy in hue, and only her black, burning eye gave token that she heard and realised all that was being said. ' Under these circumstances I have to apologise for what may often have appeared rudeness on my part,' observed Sir Philip, stiffly. ' Mrs. Kempson accept my congratualations, Dr. Bristol, good morning.' A ceromonious bow and the baronet walked out of the room and left the Court, feeling that the chances were he should never cross its stately threshold again. 'Wtll!' asked lilda, when they. were alone, and fixingher bilazing eyes upon the man who for. the first time she realised was her master ' what more have you to say ?' ' Only that-I- will write to you, and meanwhile I will borrow this interesting book- on toxicology.' 'What book? It is 'not mine? I never saw it before.': - ' The name of H-ilda Carew is written.in it nevertheless.' And lee tool a step towards the door., But suddenly like a wild cat the womani flew at him; clutching the breast of his coat iwith no mean grip. ' Give me that book and that: boftle,' she hissed, ' or I will kill you.' He ;only siniled. , What couldb her strength be to his, if he only chose to exeit it. SY'You have tried. iht'ofiid. to-day,' he said coldly- and have; failed.;: leave .me alone and be quiet or I will)callthie servants and denounce you as Sir John Carew's murderess ,I believe I, bold the prdoo imi my hand. SIt is falsel' 'be cried -?b t she t-leased! him nevertheless :and standing a few'haces from bini, she asked in a tone whicih she .tied to 'make' nmoickirig; but: thatwas onlsy spiteful,' asIb do you' iseahi to marry.me now.k < S"r'That:youshs'allknow later on ' was the reply, good day.. A few seconds later and he to6dho ad left the Court, the?dai~etof-his return in hIis own mind being .as vague as that of •And Hildh Kemipossoi sat aloniei-niddall that splendour,': baffled, detected, and desperate. . . . CHAPTER aXXXVII. F red;Monckton, as may be inferred from 'the mannerin which.his name had been coupled with that.of.Mily Biay, was not residing at present at Luton Park with his father. Quite unconscious, of the evil imputed to-him, the young mran was spenuing his time geatly, to his: 6ow?i satisfaction ini London-..... ', The searon, theiugidraswing tba: close, was by no? meanis over, and besides' in dulging in the usual round of excitement and .gaiety, wvhich young men of his wealth and iank usuially engage in, he h'lid another. pursuit, which to hire, at least, wvas far m·orie isteresting.::" r. It wivillt be remembered thst'"nt Milly Biay?,suggesti6n, I he follo?vedtthe youing lady into the train wlio'said her namewas Madlle;.de Brun; and after getting out of the guard's.van, managed to find~a.seat in the sare cibimpartmoent as the girl' herself. ':He had a newspaiper with him, how ever,- an'd seemed to take'litleld or no notice of anybody.- ' .. At first-the girl turned her face to the' windor'of thlie carriage furthestfroim him, andrfurtively pulled dosn her thick gauze veil, but the .veil. iweas .thick -breathinig thirdugh "it was-painful and difficult,i.Par: ticularly in'the!cldse carriage, in which were several other people, and finding that-ho:one sdnie'e d to;lodk 'at'rtike ihe least -niotice ofthershe lified it up again, drawing a long :breath of relief as she did no(:. -- ? ,. . 't . . - • -.?. S'Whoever ahe is,' sh hs been used to couhtry air?"mi?eitdllydecided the young man; buft. study her a's closely as he might froii?"' behiid his newspaper,. he could not see ahy reseinblance between this girl and Carrie Carew,. Their height might be abou. the same,. as·.she, was sitting down, hlie codTud not judge, tiut -granting that, all further 'like nhiss ceased. . This girl was much thinner than Carrie, ihen, her complexion was dark; almost browni, whereas Carrie's skin was white .s' a lily. .. . Morebvei, Sir John: Carew's dabghter had golderi hair, while 'thiis 'youihg ladys was .almost black, 'arnd ih'ough hair .dy might produce the colour, it-was ,absitd to suppose that any -woman in her senses would consent to hideor deistrioy one of her chief beauties, for the sake of disguise ing herself ivhen; too, she had 'ii?thing criminal or disgracefulto hide. Still;:'iadspife the ugly blue spectacles; she was'an attractive looking girl, with sometl'ing about- her which was half familiar to him, and yet strange, and sug gesteda likeness to some of the proudest, and most high-bred ladies-of liis acquain tance, :while h'e felt that if he would know rmore of-ier, he must be careful and circumspect in his conduct. Everything depeods upon the manner in which it is done. You may ask a lady to dance with you in a maniner'which makes all the feathers of her dignity and self-respect rise as one man in a regiment to repel the invader, and another man may ask her to elope with him, and.though she does not.do it she laughs at him for his presumption, teaches him to treat her with respect, and they are friends in the most innocent sense of the term ever' afterwards; while you are cut from her acquaintance .like a 'weed that has sprung up upon sacred ground. i' Fully conscious of this, .Frederick Monckto0, when' iie saw the train was about to stop and the lady was .going to alight, folded up his newspaper, put it in his pocket, let down the window, and opened the door as he would under other and mrore ordinary circumstances; then, getting out and seeing her follow him, he very naturally offered her his hand to en able her to alight on the platform, wlicb was very low 'down. After this be allowed hier to precede him, but at the ticket collector's stand another difficulty presented itself. The lady, while talking to Milly, had dropped her tickcet, and until this moment had not thought of it, A good many cases of persons., travel ling without tickets had occurred on this line of late, and the man was rough in his language and talked about locking her up and calling the station-master, to the girl's great fright and perplexity, when Fred Monckton catle to the rescue and obser ving that he had travelled with the lady gave the man the money for the fare and his card, telling him that the manager or directors could communicate with him. 'Thank you, I am so much obliged,' said the lady, and then she passed, and following her at a distance, to his surprise, he saw her enter the house of his aunt Lady hMary Monckton. 'I shall be able to find her again, no need to make myself conspicuous the first time,' he mentally decided; but Milly is wrong, that girl is no more Carrie Carew than I am.' The day after this, he went, as will be remnembered to the Crystal Palace with Hilda and Milly, from which place the latter did not return with them, and a telegram from Willoughby Shrapnell adviscd him to change his quarters, which he dlid accordingly, though he did not, as Hilda supposed, leave town. A few days after he had thus met her, he again encountered the blue-spectacled young lady in the train, but, tempted as le was to speak to her, he affected to hb unconscious of her presence, and getling out .of..the .train first, hurried on .ilh quick footsteps to Monckton Cottage, hit aunt's abbde, *aid' ahere a large gardcn part was ,ti'be given' tile next day, to which hlie was iinvited. ; '. Dear Fredi;' ekclaimned his aunt, as he came into her presence. I am very glad to see you, but you haven't mistaken the day, have you ?' i No, auntie, but I can't talk with you to- molrow, with a crowd of people about nyou, and. I have something to tel you that you may think interesting hMr Shrapnell, the Carew's lawyer as well as ours, invited me to dine wilh him the other .night, I went arid learnt some odd things, as you may imagine.' 'Ah !' but whether the exclamation was caused by his observations, or by iha> visitors' bell, which now pealed loudly, the young man could not guess. S'Yes -! he- went on, assuming the exclamation to apply to what bhe was sadying, ' he supposes; the i man who is believed to be murdered to Ie still alive, indeed het thinks hel. has; .een him and more thaniithat,,he;has obtained some information, it.seems, aboiut LadyCare-.' ' Lady Carew l' repeated his aunt, in hstonishiment-.;:':",- .'+;- , , . I ,',Yei,Carrie'im-oit'r joort dear Carrie, if she hadlonly.liveddi'.: ' : And- heturned;atway from the window; he did,.not; share ..Milly's belief or the lawyer's" li tat tohe lot heirems of Clovelly was still alive. Thus standing by the window, he sa a 'graceftil figure crossing the lawn, and he recognised her at once. '-Why that is the lady I met in the train the other day, who had lost her ticket,' he .said, turning to his aunt; who is she? Of course you know her.' 'Yes, a Miss de Brun, she comes to help me with some translations, and thisis one of her days.' ' Oh I well don't let me disturb you, but you'll give me some luncheon, won't you, aunt, and I'll amuse myself in the garden till then,' ' 'Yes,' reluctantly; "but you have not told'me about Lady Carew, is she really alive?' ' : real. y "'I believe so, indeed, as a great secret, 'Shrapnell hinted-that be had seen her bit ,he would tell me nothing more, ex. cept that he does not believe Carrie Is dead. I wish I could share in the hope, When Sir Philip Walsinghanitold me that he was not engaged to her, I almost looked uipon her as: already mine, and then to lose her like that.. Again he.tuined:away to hide tins real emotion. ': ' You loved her, Fred ?' asked the lady, laying heri hand on his arm,. ,. Yes, I.never saw a .woman that could be compared to'her. I should have p?o tposed'long ago, but I thought she pre fendi d S ir'P h ilip . . . " . . ,' Poor- Fred. But .I must. leave you now.: 'You. can smoke in the gardens, you know, and I shall see you again at luncheon., Miss de Brun is a nice girl, and I mrust not keep her waiting.' *W:ith which Lady Mary bestowed a kiss upon her nephew, and went off to receive her visitor. Although,.as I have said, he did not share Milly's belief, or rather suspicion, regarding .Miss .de. Brun, having, as he thought, carefully studied her personal appearance, and his regret for Carrie was very true and genuine, he still could ad mire a pretty arid graceful woman, and something about this young lady struckhis fancy, and made him wish to know more of her. ,.. Besides, his grief for Carrie was an old wound, and time brings its healing inle. ence to-: bear uponr the keenest sorrors that human hearts are capable ofsuffering. ..A cigar, ..also, is, I am told, a great soother of pain, and certainly Fied Monckton. smoked 'as: many as he con veniently could-get through, to the bene fitof 'his- aunt's floiwers and .shrubs, no 'doubilt,:in the iitderval that elapsed between her leaving him and luncheon, When the servant called him, he went into the dining-room, wondering whether his presence would have frightened aray the evidently shy or reserved young lady. But no. The table was laid for three, ani a few seconds after, his aunt with a stranger entered. 'Miss de Brun, my nephew, Mr. Monckton,' said the elderly lady. A slif bow, and then they take their places opposite each other. 'Why does she wear those horrid spectacles ?' thought the young man. But he contented himself with treating her with the most ordinary politeness, and talking to his aunt about her garden party on the following day. 'I suppose you will be here, Miss de Brun ?' he asked some time after, when discussing the number of people invited. • Aunt Mary is quite celebrated lor her garden parties. She is near the river, you see, which helps her considerably.' ' No,' with a slight French accent. 'Ido not go to things of that kind at present' And she glanced at her heavy crape, which seemed to tell a tale of recent bereavement. ' I beg your pardon, I did not think oi it. But we also have lost some der friends, and though we feel their lots keenly, it is not out of disregard to thei memory that we seek distraction and pleasure. By the way, aunt, did I tell you what happened to Mrs. Kempson, and her companion or maid, or whatevar she may be, the other day ?' ' Hilda I' exclaimed the young lady, involuntarily. Then she gasped, as though she would call back the word, and her broin skin was flushed with red. 'You know her?' asked Fred, Milly's suspicions coming back to his mind, and for the moment more seriously enter' taining them. ' Yes-I used,' with hesitation, and the French accent dropped, and the voice made him start with its familiar tone. 'Proceed with your story Fred,' said his aunt, coming to the rescue. At which the young man stated hoo, staying at the same hotel, and thus meeting her by accident, Hilda hid invited him to become one of her party ' the box at the theatre. He demeri i Milly's agitation and cry of ' Godfrey,'and then, skimming over details, said he had gone down to the Crystal Palace nilt mistress and maid, and how the latter ii some mysterious manner or oilier ho disappeared. TO taE CONTINUED, The third raoo of tio seasson of tao 81n'al Hominsg Pigeon Souisty took place from6 i buru, 134 imiles from Sydnoy, on AugU with the following result :-John uebll, yards per minute, I; Juiie JafmeO, 118t' per minuto, 2 ; Hugh Delfondohl, ll» y?'l ier minuto, 3. Printed an pubtlithod by Thomas gaidl S' i proprietor, a lt thu .onol g I'o? .I C , PrIntiog Offloe, Aubura.struotaU"1' ' 