GENERAL NEWS. In response to a request from a number of North Fremantle residents, the Com missioner of Railways (Hon JC. T. Mason) has lit up the North Fremantle Railway station after dusk by an oil lamp in each of the two waiting rooms,—a boon already appreciated by residents in the vicinity. On Friday evening a parade of the Fremantle Artillery was held. There was a large attendance, including Captain Mayhew and Lieutenant Imray. The men were exercised in handling the big guns and were also put through various evolu tions with a view to the successful carrying out of the shell practice and inspection by His Excellency die Administrator which took place the next afternoon in the pres ence of a large number of people. A resident of North Perth informs us of a remarkable domestic coincidence. We give his story in tis own words: — On the 18th September last year (1889), on my forty-seventh birthday, my son, who was in his seventeenth year, died, at lLSQp.ui. This year, on the same date and at the same hour, my wife wms confined «f a son. I think this sufficiently remarkable to record in tbe public press, and you are at liberty to give my name to anyone desir ing it. According to the official return, nineteen million bottles of champagne were exported from Fnnce in the year 1889-90 (April 1, 1889, to March 31, 1890.) Daring the same period 4,176,000 bottles were consumed in France. The were no sales on 'Change on - 8atmv day. Centrals weift wanted at 5/, with sel lers at 7/6, Frasers being in supply at 47, with buyers at 3/10. 'For Frasers South (pro) 2/3 Was offered with sellers at 3/3. For Hopes Hill 7|d. was offered, with- sel lers at 1/3. Tin was altogether neglected, and the only investment stock asked for was W. A, Bank shares, for which £25 1b. 6d. was offered, withont sellers «t that price. Boyle O'Reilly, who was one of the Fenian prisoners who escaped from this colony to tie United States in the year 1869, is dead. If ever a man had a chequered and romantic career it was (Rays the Pall Mall Budget) John Boyle O'Reilly, LL.D., poet, author, journalist., and Fenian, whose death is announced from America at the age of forty-six. He was born at Castle Dowtb, and when only twenty-two years of age he was convicted of high treason, the sentence of imprisonment for life being commuted to penal servitude. For three years be was a State prisoner in Australia, but thence,he escaped to the UnitedJStates, and forthwith became editor of the Boston Pilot. The 'outward and visible' result of his three years at the Antipodes appear ed in his novel ' Moondyne, an Australian tale, which had a tremendous sale in Amer ica, where he also became very popular as oneof.the most graceful poets of Columbia. Mr. O'Reilly was a handsome Irishman, with dark hair and eyes and peculiar olive complexion which belongs generally to the races of the South. His political views may be inferred from the fact that to the last he was an intimate friend of Mr. Michael Davitt and other men of 'light and leading' in Ireland. The mails for Europe and the East, tbe ? easterncolonies, etc., for despatch this -reek from Albany, will be made up as follows : For Europe, &c;, on Thursday; and for the eastern colonies, on Friday. The vessels conveying theae mails wfllbe — outwards, the Valetta ; homewards, the Orient line* Cozco. At a lmyKwo of the A*'fttfo Society of Bengal (as reported in the Time* of India), Babu Saratehandra Das i«-Mhitpd some curious Sibetau relies, amongst them being c irved ornaments of soap-stone, giving the Tibetan signs of the Zodiac and a descrip tion of the origin of the world. Translat ing this, the exhibitor found that, in tbe beginning, what existed from eternity, in nothingness, was called the tortoise. 'Iho finddhas of the past, present, and future sprang out of him. The three worlds, and all the animal beings also, originated from tbe eternal tortoise. Time, withont the dis tinction of past, present, and future, was in him, and the whole universe rested between his head and tail. From tbe vapour of bis mouth rose the seven atmos pheric strata which encompasses the earth, and gradually the sphere of azure space and thereafter Swastika, the .emblem of the divine cross was formed. From the saliva of this primaeval tortoise sprang ftrth the oceans; and from his flesh were formed the lofty mountains, the islands, and the great continents, having trees for their hair. His head- pointed to tbe south, bis tail to the north, and bis four limbs stretched towards the four corner 8 of the world. His white back shaped the old father heaven, called faea, wherein rested the celestial regions with the mansions of the gods, Mabaaeva,- Brahma, and angels of pure habits, who possessed the four-fold organs of sense. The celestial regions were formed above, and Rirab, the sublime mountain, stood below, holding the man sions of the 33 Devat and of the gods of the Paranirmanarataya on its top. On the flanks of Birab resided the four guardian spirit-kings of thtr world, together with the sun and moon, the planets and stars. The sun and moon sprang from the eyes of the great tortoise. From the sound of his throat issued the dragon's peal of thunder, and from nib outstretched tongue flashed forth lightning which produced thunder bolts and hailstorms. From his breath originated the wind, the five infe»rn«l essences, and tie five physical elements; and when he shook his body there was an earthquake. Late on Satnrday we ha&rd; that Mr. A. Forrest's residence had been sold by Messrs. Conrthope, Drummond and Co. to Mrs. LiHis, for 41,603 cash. Our correspondent at Busselton write* :— Of the 232 applications to register on the roll of the Sussex district 75 have been re jected by the Begistrar. Of these fifty were received from the timber stations of Vr. M. C. Daviesand the balance from Mr. Yclverton's stations. If the objections be maintained the probability of the return of Mr, Daviea to parliament is greatly les sened. I now learn that Mr. Oeo. Cross has definitely decided to contest the elec tion. During tbe hearing of the case of Har wood v. the Perth Gas Company Mr. Hensman made .those present simmer with laughter, when he asked whether if a per son shook a gas pipe having in it a hole, ic wonld shake the gas out. Not very long ago, in a sheep case, the .same learned counsel surprised those present in court by asking whether a wether was a good kind of cheep for breeding purposes. On Friday a deputation waited upon Mr. T. Quinlan, of the Shamrock Hotel, for the purpose of requesting' him to stand fer the Ctntral Ward of Perth, in. the p!ace of Mr. laddelow, who contemplates retiring from his Municipal position about Decem ber next. Mr. Liddelow himself was among the deputation and expressed himself folly determined to retire. Mr. Quinlan thank ed those, present for their requisition, and stated that he would be glad to ''''nute himself when the time arrived. A spinaia'8 Ekakktj for beautifying every thing, at William Sandovk&'s, Perth and Fremantle. At tie Perth Police-court on Sept. 20 James Holmes, for being drunk at the Perth Bailway Station, was sent 16 prison for Si days withont the option of a fine, and John Desmonde, for AiaArilorfj tvtnArft^ yaB fined Is. and sent to prison for 21 days. Early on Satnrday » lad named George Anderson, aged IS, was found dead is his bed, at his residence, Suffolk-street, Fre mantie. Deceased was apprenticed to the tin-smithing trade at the Union Engi neering & Foundry Company. Baring this week he has worked at his trade as usual, doing 18 hours overtime, and was employed on Friday until 10 o'clock at night. On Friday afternoon tile lad wss playing » game of football with some com panions in Norfolk-street, when one of them accidentally sicked him in the stomach. Deceased screamed «ut» but he had sufficiently recovered to eat his tea and return to work. Returning home be ate a good supper before going to bed and appeared to be in bis usual health. It is said that he was subject to epileptic fits, the last occurring four or five months ago. On Sunday afternoon the Dean of Berth proceeded by the excursion train to Sawyers' Vallev, where he conducted Divine service. The manual tea meeting in connection with the Perth Presbyterian Church will be held at the Town ball this evening, at which the Hon. J. Forrest will preside. After the tea meeting a concert will be given, tor which, an excellent programme has been arranged. The performance of 'Patience' which was to have taken place at Fremantle on Monday last ; has been postponed until the fallowing Wednesday. On 13 August last, says the Tunes, a com munication was received by Mr. Churton, Coroner for West Cheshire, from a well known merchant now at New Orleans, to the effect that a man had confessed to Che rector ef St. Paul's, Hew Orleans, that he had murdered one of Lord ToUemaehe's gamekeepers, named Bebbington, at Alpra ham, Cheshire, 35 years apo. For this murder & poacher named Blagg was hanged at Cheshire in May, 1365. The evidence wia circumstantial, the correspondence of Blaggs' boots with, fostorinta being the strongest Kale Bat the New Orkans man no* states that he borrowed Blaggs' boots on the night of the mntder. mrTchurtoB, who held lie inquest on Bebbington, says that Blaggs made no defence before bin, or before Mr. Jostice Crowder, by whom he was tried, beyond saying 'They were say boots, bat were not worn by me on that Sight.' - - At the Fremantie Police court on Satur day, before Mr. ft, Fairbaim, R.M., John [Wflkie was charged with deserting from the brig Laughing Wave. The accused pleaded guilty and said that he had get locked up for being drunk, and consequent ly missedthe ship. He was ordered to be pla ced o& boarfl sod to pay tbe costs. Charles' Hanson was charged with deserting from the - barque Sulitelma. He was sent to iprisonfor eight weeks, and will be placed ?on board when the vessel is ready to saiL Andrew Wood was charged with. furiouB driving. Mr. D. G. Gawler appeared for the defendant. James Brown deposed that on the 16th inst be was driving Mr. Back's horse and cart When he reached the corner of Essex-street and Marme-terraee he saw tiie defendant in Mr. Marshall's cart, coming at a very fast trot. Fearing a collision, ?viteess called out ' Look out, Andrew I' at the same time pulling op bis mare in order to get out of the way. Tbe defendant tried to pull np but he was going too fast. Before be had time to ? pull np, the shaft of Marshall's cart struck the mare on the flank, pamed through the animal, and protruded about a foot under its belly. Witness was back ing his mare when the collision occurred. Tie 'trfmtiAnnt: was travelling at tbe sate of between U and IS miles am hour. Had tdefendaat driven at a slower pace be could 'have turned in to bis near side. The de fendant was fined 10s. John Marsh and John Smith for disobeying the orders of the Captain oftbe Helena Mena were each sent to prison for 2 weeks with hard labor. The mail from China brings the following news : — It is announced with an appearance of authority that the telegraph convention between Hie Chinese telegraph administra tion and the Great Northern and Eastern ^Extension Cable Companies, for '''r*1''- ing a uniform rate for massages between 'China and the rest of the world, will not now be ratified. It will be remembered that the convention was signed at Chefoo in the autumn of 1888, and provided for tbe payment «f an annual sum to the Chinese Government, the cable companies having' the monopoly «? Hie traffic bom certain ports. It appears that Id Hung Chang (like the late Marquis Tseng) has thrown his weight against the convention, on the ground that it would be derogatory to Chins to give up her independence in *^»«- matter in return for an «'»^'«J subsidy. Mr. John S. Pearson, the promoter of the Boval Pert* T«ebt duV conoert given in St. George's Hall on the 20th ultimo, on Saturday harded Mr. W. F. Wilkinson, the hon. Secretary of the Club, the sum of 330, being the nett proceeds of that entertain ment. JE43 lls. was realised by the sale of tickets, whilst the expenses amounted only to £13 lls. This result 1s, without doubt, highly satisfactory to sU concerned. A letter appears in to-day's issue which suggests that the Proclamation committee should invite the Premiers of all tbe Austra lian Colonies to be present at Perth, daring tbe festivity celebrations in connection with that event. The idea smears to as to be a very excellent one indeed, and one which we hope wQl not be lost sight of in tbe pro per quarter. Tbe Town CUrk of Perth (Mr. W. X. Victor) informed us oa Saturday that the lists of electors in the various wards of tbe city are now suspended at tbe {faces usually adopted for such purposes. These lists will remain suspended till towards tiw end of tbe present month, aadin&etnean-; time necessary corrections can be * made and the names of any persons entitled can be enrolled thereon, by notice being given at the office of the Town Clerk, TownbslL The very sacoeesfal-entertainment given on Sept. IS at the Pearlers' Hotel, Fremantle, was repeated last Saturday, with an entire change- of programme. It may not be generally known that Host Weaver has been fortunate in securing tbe services of Professor Herbert, in addition to other talent. We have inspected a number of very favourable press notices of tbe professor's skill as an illusionist pros tidigator. We notac* from these that tbe Prof essor hails from the Soyal Agmuriiiin, London, and that be has bad tiie honor of performing before the Queen and Soyal family in England, and many other Eutop e*n potentates. Professor Herbert has travelled extensively in the colonies, winning favourable opinions. Tbe follow ing extract from the London 'Sporting Times' is worth reproduction : Again is the indefatigable Professor Herbert about to astonish tiie world with veritable marvels of ingenuity and* dexterity. His are entirely new departures in tiie way of scientific illusion, which are decided ly the most extraordinary that have come under our notice within recent years. A most remarkable and interesting exhibition presents itself front tiie rise to tbe fall of the curtain, conjecture is baffled to solve the mystery of his notable complete deceptions, and even in this prosaic age when Pepper's Ghost and Maskelyne and Cook's m'^olyf excite tiie .most languid and momentary interest in the minds of men, Profeasor Herbert succeeds in holding bis vudiences enthralled, and will, no doubt, be an object of interest and wonder to lovers of the marvellous, so well contrived and so neatly performed are bis tricks, that experts can see nothing to guide them to a solution of them. His patter is very lively and interesting, and in the poverty of lan guage to describe the impression made «n his audiences by bis wonderful illusions, all that can he said is that it is an exhibit tion in tbe highest degree marvellous.' The programme also include the names of Billy Kewcomb, tbe American gxpphpnt of clog dancing; Fred Phillips, tbe London comic; and Sam Pagan in bis nfltpo comicalities. The Bev J.T.Simpson preached in the Wealeyan Church, Fremantie, yesterday at the usual time in the morning and even ing. In addition to the usual services Mr. Simpson delivered his address to men oidy on 'Social Purity' at half -past eight o'clock. This allowed members of oner congregations to attend alter their usual eernce was over. Duringthe week ended ldtii September, 1890, the total stimber of visitors to tide Victoria Public Lfl-tar7 was 278, of which 47 were ladies. 