llrlgiinil ami II ililc. An ovont has just occurred in tholtalinn colony at tlio foot of Union-stroot, in tho Six Ward of Brooklyn, that has stirrod up tho pooplo tlioro to a groator dogroo t.liiin tli f» v Imvrt limtn nfii'tWI Hi'nnn t-llO murdor of Phillipo Raymini, tliroo yoars ngo (says tho Now York Morcury). Tho ovont in quostion is a romantic olopoinont with a voudottu of glorious and glittoring possibihtios rising out of it. Six yonrs ago, in tho mountains of Oalnbrin, thoro livod a young man named Miguel Ferrazo, Ho wns a strong- liinbod, dnrk-oyod, swarthy, handsome young follow, who, by hard work and strict attention to businoss, had earned for himsolf a competency ns captain of a band of brigands who loviod tribute on tlio main road to Reggio. Ovorscoing tho oporatious of his mon, and visiting six of tho most bountiful wivos who ovor glnd- doncd a doting husband's lioart, gavo him plenty of .occupation, and ho was as happy ns a lark till ho mot Annotto Bobriuls riding in lior father's enrriago. Sho wns a Fronoh girl, and as fair as tlio brigand himsolf wns dark. For hor sake ho ro- Btorod hor fathor to freodom without ran som, gavo iiiui his own horso nnd carriage to drivo, and sonb liirn to tlio city to bring a priest, for Miguel, boing a dovoutly roligious man, was vory particulnv to havo a ooromony nt oaoh wedding. Sovornl priosts who hud refused to oxtoud tho sncramont of matrimony iu bis. enso ro- posod beneath suitablo inonumonts in tlio gravoyard which lie lind startod for his uiiuuw. jiuor niiguoi ana Annette woro marriod tho chieftain built for his brido a beautiful bower in ono of tho wildost, lovoliost glens in all Oalabria, and tho young couplo settled down for what pro- misod to bo ono uninterrupted round of bliBS, oloudod only by tho fact that a bri gand captaiu cannot afford to lot innocuous desuotudo ovorgrow him. Miguol had to bo up and doing to sustain liis reputation. Travollors had takon to riding at night, in tlio liopo of oscaping untaxed, and tho chiof had as many night calls nsa popular doctor. But, in spite of those littlo in terruptions of his happiness, all wont woll with Miguol nud his brido until his six wivos, who livod in neighbouring vil- lngos, lenrnod of his now allinhcb. l'hoy procoodod right away to nmko troublo, and tlio young man's lionvt was lioavy till ho had killod three of his tormontors and chased tho othors ovor tho mountains and far boyond tonguo shot. Thon ho rojoicod again, but not for long, for ono night, i whon tho storm swopt down from tho mountain tops and rookod. tho bri- ganu s oowor, a summons came to Miguol oalling him to tho valley to rob a bishop. Ho wont, but found no bishop. When ho returned to his houso ho discovorod that Annotto had flod with Podro Fnnnini, his lioutonant. Wild with rngo,' Forrazo summonod his band, pursued tho run aways to tlio city gntos, but could not ooino up with tlium. Ho was gonuinely iu lovo with Annotto nud Bhowod it by donuding her fathor of his uoso and oars whon ho caught him a fow days after tlio olopomont. Tho robbor chiof, assuming various disguisos, hung nbout Roggio till ho nscortainod boyond a doubt his wifo nnd hor lovor had ilod to Amotion. Thon ho roturnod to his mountain homo. But his spirit soomod brokan, and ho sat in front of IiIb dwolling day aftor day on a groy rook shedding crystal toars that ploughed doop, dark bods in tho uppor strata of bis nntiquo oomploxion.' At first liis mon sympathised , thon tlioy laughod, thon thoy rovoltod. It soomod to tlioin that if thoir leader wns to bo in futuro nothing but a spectacle thoy might ns woll havo somo amusement. Accord ingly tlio molanoholy rovorius of Forrazo were brokon in upon ono summer nftor- uosn by a volloy of rovolver shots that knookod pieces out of him, and gave him moro thnn_ a gonornl hint to movo. Ho resigned his leadership on tbo spot with out staying for formalitios, and mndo a rapid rotrout, and tho mountains know him iio moro. Ono Monday ovoning about 10 o'clock a tall, dark, athletic-looking man, with big uuiu nugs in uis oars, aoopiy-Bcarrou ohoeks and glittoring black oyos, entered tho wine shop of P. Gabriollo and Oo., iu tho basemont of n tall brick hou6o in an alloy that puts out of Union-street, uoar Hamilton Ferry, in Brooklyn. Ho called for a glass of wino and drank it down. As bo did so liis oyo mot thoso of the man who had sorvod liirn, and who was staring as if ho hud soon a ghost. Tho" strangor startod bnok, and with a ourso disuppoared into the darknoss. In that moaiont tho brigand chief nnd his lioutonant hud rocognisod oacli other. Gabriollo, who rolatad tho story to a Mor cury reporter by moans of an intorprotor, said : — " I know that man would pursue us to the ond of tho world, and that whon wo mot it wns his lifo or mino ; but I had boon living in Brooklyn for fivo yoars without hearing a word about- him, and I wns lulled into a falsa security. On Monday, at midnight, I wont to my homo abovo tho wino shop. I told Annetto, and sho swore sho would bo truo to mo, and that sho hated Ferrazo. On Tuosday I caught a glimpso of him turn ing tho cornor of Hicks-stroot at Union, but I wutobod too closoly for him to np- pronoh, niul whon I wont down to tho shop on Wednesday morning I thought all was soouro. But on Wodnosday ovon ing I got a messngo to como at onco to iny rooms. I loft my shop iu chnrgo of a boy nnd wont, In n chair by tho window sab Annotto frowning, and standing up noar tlio door confronting mo was Miguol. Ho smilod and strotohod out his hand, which I took. Iio said ho had long ago forgiven tho trick wo playod, nnd had givon up all thought of vongoanco. It ploasod him, ho doolnrod, tu soo us so happy. I sat down by Annotto and sho smilod, and Miguel sat by us. All drank wino, and' nftor n timo I folt sl'oopy." I hud just a littlo dim idoa that all was not right, and I triod to riso nnd speak, but could not. That is all I remember. Whon I awoko I was alono. My trunk, which stood by the bodsido, was brokon opon. I looked within, and tho bag of gold, £1300, with which I wns going to return to Italy noxt yoar, was gono. On tlio tablo was this noto in Miguel's hand writing : — ' Soptombor 2. — P. Funnini (or Gabriollo). — Signor, — Whon you road this I will bo far away with my wife, whom you stolo from mo. Farewell, traitor. I havo spared your lifo this timo, but bo- waro how you oross my path ngaiu. — Feiuiazo. (Your old commnudor.) ' Boneath tlio signature was tho-bleoding lioart, thrust through witli a poignard — That was tlio soal of our band. Tlioy woro gone, truo ouougb. and nobody saw tlioin go. But I will find thoin, and thon " Somo of Gabriollo's noighbours havo coimsollod him to appoal to tho polioo, but lio only shakos his head nnd sharpens his dnggor. Ho has agonts looking through tho Italian- colonics of New York, Boston, and Philadelphia for tbo runaways. - Annotto was noted ns tho most boauti- ful young woman in tho Italian colony of South Brooklyn. Sho drossoil with French tasto and skill, and attracted a ;roat deal of attention on the streets. Hor noighbours Bay sho always lived hap pily with Fannini, and precisely what in duced hor to chnngo husbands again may novor bo known. 