SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS. (rAH. mall budget.) Spiritualism has received a great impetus by the exhibition of photographs of spirits since the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once began to have strange visions, founded on the belief -that however tricky mediums might be, the photographic plate cannot lie. Bat it has or can be made to adopt the Balfouriaa habit of concealing the truth. However sceptical a person .may be, .should he visit the studio of Mr. Salmon, in East Putney, he will be inclined to exclaim 44 There are more things in heaven and- earth than are dreamt of -.in our .pMlo-.-' Bophy." There will be shown by the cour teous artist a photograph of It young man who committed suicide m a garden, the bottle that contained the fatal laudanum lying on the ground , near his" hand. _Oyer the. body hovers the disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity -for the clay ...beneath.; The spirit, inpalpable and misty, is what the Scotch call the wraith, a belief that has been handed down from the ancient Egyptians, Another photography is that of a man seated at a table, .while opposite, with the head resting on its elbows,, sits a spirit. So immaterial is the latter that the. part of the table between its ooay (it a spirit has a body) and elbows can be seen throughthe arms. Scores of other photo graphs were shown to the interviewer — spirits hovering round persons, floating in the air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with uplifted finger as if warning against disaster. 44 But surely the people who receive such visitants suffer considerable nervous prostra tion, and tbey certainly look happiir than the spirits?. " The . artist, with . a . laugh; replied, 1 44 They never see the ' spirits at all. I manufacture the ghosts myself. I expect you to be surprised, but T hope not as indig nant as a celebrated lady in the spiritualistic world, who called upon me a few days ago.' She was a firm believer in spiritualism, and was partly converted by some of my published photographs. Having hunted me for some time she. found me here, and wanted me to photograph the spirits who visited her. She regarded me with some amount of awe as a dealer in the uncanny sights of the world ; but her reverence soon disappeared when I explained my process. " 44 How do you produce a spirit photo graph?" — 44 Well, there are several ways. This one," he said, pointing to a man in a chair asleep with a spirit standing near him, 44 was done by first photographing a man in the ordinary way with a black eloth back ground. Then another person draped in ghostly garments stands in the required position, but a little out of focus to prevent the outlines being too sharp ana cor poreal. Light is then only on the spirit, and tfin same negative as used before is ex posed a second .time, and all the rest of the field-bring black, the spirit only is photo graphed.-. Of course, the second exposure is longer than with ordinary amount of light, but this adds to the ghostliness." - 44 But how do you make them so impal pable and uncanny ?' 4 4 The room must be perfectly dark, ana. ...on the. ghost only a ray of Bunlight falls ; while close to the lenB a sheet of fine gauze is hong, and it is the gauze which giVes a cloud-like, luminous appearance to 'the spirit's outlines." 44 This cannot be done in a dark room, for it is broad daylight, and yet the spirit is ad dressing the man in the garden seat, and the rails of the seat can be seen through the spirit's form?" — 4 4 No. in such a picture I have to take the photograph and expose it a second time, the man still in the same position, only the ghost is added. If ghost and man were taken together, the rails would not appear through the spirit s form. I have still another method. Look at this." It was a pathetic photograph ef a lady looking with piteous eyes at the head of a child posed as if coming headforemost from heaven. 44 This is a.popmar one,", said the artist, 44 sugges tive of the intercourse between living and dead, bnt the most material of allin prepara tion. The spirit head is only that of a>wax doll, rather ont of focus, to prevent it bring recognised as such. This is photographed first, and the place on the ground glass out side the plate is marked, so that when the sitter comes she takes such a position that the angel head ready to greet her, when it is printed off, is sot interfered, with, at the second exposure. A similar method is used in this one. It was called 4 The Ghost of the Bil liard-room,' in - which the forerunner . of Roberts is standing at the elbow of a player,, whether to mar or make the stroke does not appear." "'Mediums do not bless you, Mr. Salmon, I suppose?" 44 No, I am anathema to them, bnt : next month some spirit photographs- aie fo be' reproduced in the 4 medium ' of a girl seen at several stances and marked with a sabre cut on her face, proving her identity. I shall also, with a! stroke of paint on my spirit's face produce some photographs similar to those promised next month, and 1 am quite sure they will be produced in the same way. The above sketch was taken yesterday, the hand of death eovering the lady's face, which can be seen through the bony arms.'' 