L'-li.YTLNUKD FltO.M SATURDAYS ISSUE.] [ALL KIGHTS KESEllVKD.] BY ORDER OF THE OZAR. THE TRAGIC STOTIF OF AXXA klosstock, -THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO.; BY JOSEPH HATTON, ! Author of "'Cruel London,11 " The Three Recruits," " John Needhall," etc. PART m. CHAPTER V. ViiNICE BY iUouNLTGHT. " Make tlie acquaintance of the city of the I sea us a mutter of choice by sea and iu die suushiue," says Yriarte. But approach Yenice how you may, or when, her aspect is impressive beyond description. If it is magnificent to sail into the lagoons from the Adriatic, it is bewitching to glide ii-to her waterways from the mainland and by moonlight. Furthermore, whichever way you may approach your destination, you will find it equally impossible to analyse the sen sations that overcome you ; in the end you will probably turn to Rogers, whom you have hitherto regarded as a writer of mere prose, tricked out in blank verse, and recalling your unjust estimate of the banker's Muse, will in imagination place a cliaplet upon his brows as tribute to the poetic picture of your waking dream. " There is a glorious city in the Sea. Tile Sea is in the broad, the narrow streets, Ebbing and flowing ; slid theglfilfc-aeaweed Clings to the marble of her palaces. No track of men, no footsteps to and fro, Lead to her gates. The path lies o'er the Sea Invisible ; and from the land we went, As to a floating city—steering in And gliding up her streets as in a dream." Across the long viaduct that joins Yenice to the mainland, the train glided over a world of swamp and marshy flats that re minded Dolly of the fiats about the great river in Norfolk, where it enters into3 the wide sea. It suggested to Philp some faint memory of the Russian steppes, all unlike though it was ; and while Walter Milbanke found it more Dutch than English, he took especial interest in noting the"impressions of the approach to fairyland made upon Philip and Dolly : for he and Jenny knew Italy well and had already visited Tenice on two occasions. Walter was theatrical in his castes, and he found the approach to Yenice like the_ preliminaries to the transformation scene of a Drury Lane pantomime, beginning with dark mysterious gauzes, that suggest Cimmerian darkness, swamps, strauge waters, and slithery shores of ooze and weed. The 1110011 shone upon the vast mud-banks. Far away there was a glimpse of sea ; and further still, a passing hint of a distant sail clo.su upon the horizon ; but no city, no lofty campaniles, no silvery cupolas, no golden domes and towers ; only a morass lighted by the in won, a flat watery waste, through which the panting locomotive seemed to feel its way ; and at. last when it glided into an ordinary railway station—with gaslights and porters and all the other belongings of loco- ' motive travel—though they had arrived at the glorious city in the sea, to both Dol!j and Philip it still seemed further awav than ever. " Mr. Milbanke," said a stalwart Italian, stepping up to the party, hat in hand. "Ah, Beppo was Walter's response. " It is a joy to see you," said the Italian ; " I will attend to the luggage." * "Is your gondola here ?" '• Close by," said Beepo, ''and I have my comrade with me." " That is good," said Walter, handing him the wraps, which were of the lightest, and at the same time giving him his tickets for the baggage. Beppo was a gondolier, picturesquely attired. He spoke English with a * soft purring kind of accent. Walter Milbanke had employed him during his previous visits to Yenice ; and on this occasion had also hired Beppo and a comrade, with a special gondola, to beat the disposal of the party during their stay. He had also com missioned an especial uniform, with a bit of colour in it, 011 account of the Royal festivities. When first Walter had suggested the : Italian trip and the Yenetian holiday, he had not counted upon arriving at Yenice 011 the occasion of a royal function and a fine art ex hibition ; but 011 discovering that Yenice was to be en fete he secured the best suites of rooms at the Hotel Beau Rivage and a gondola and gondoliers. The larger of the two hotels on the quay was already full of guests, when he made his dispositions for thoir stay in Yenice ; but the same pro prietary controlled the smaller. house, and here the Milbanke rooms were ample, and almost facing the grand statue of Yictor Emanuel, which the King and Queen of Italy were to inaugurate, and in connection with which ceremony the city was to revive some of her ancient glories in the way of fete and pageantry. Presently the Milbankes and the lovers stepped into the Yenetian cab. It was lying by the station steps. It had no wheels, nor any horse. It was not " the gondola of the London streets it was the gondola of Yenice, solemn looking- enough, but not so solemn as others with their hooded decks. ! Walter had beeu minute in his instructions, "for," eaid he, "I always remember my poor father's first and last visit to Yenice ; it was winter, but daylight; the gondola to him with a floating hearse ; to enter it when it is in its full panoply of service you have to back into it; my father lost his hat in doing so ; the weather was wet and cold, it rained, the palace whore he was lodged was chilled with a little chaicoaj stove ; the next day he left the city in the sea ; and there you have the prosiest possible idea of Venice," " Walter, be still," said Mrs. Milbanke ; "the relation of that reminiscence is like throwing a stone at a lovely monument ; don't you see we are afloat?" '' I only wanted to cap Philip's disappoint ment at the start; to put the finishing touch to the mudbanks and the stark,prosy realism of the railway station." Philip made 110 reply, for by this time tliey were iu those quiet streets, "As in a dream So smoothly, silently—by many a dome Mosque-like, and many a stately portico, The statues ranged along an azure sky ; By many a pile.in more than Eastern pride, Of old the residence of merchant kings ; The fronts of some, though' Time had shattered them Still glowing with the richest hues of art, As though the wealth within them had run o'er." Philip said not a word. Dolly's hand had somehow found its way to • his. She sat beside him. He was wrapped in the spell of his first sight of Yenice. She, too, felt the strange witchery of it. Dolly's was not exactly a poetical niture; but like the dullest of us she had her momenta when the mind soars' and feels a consciousness of ita divinity. The air was balmy. There was no breeze. The moon shone steadily down upon them. It was an azure sky as the poet -hath it, though it was night. The blue was dark.biit blue, and the more blue for the one or two silvery stars that twinkled about the si]eat reflective moon. The queen of night was surely contemplating the queen of cities. " We are the two queeps of the world," it might have been saying, ao high, so lofty, bo dignified, so proud, she looked up in the heavens ; and so majestic, so pathetically majestic looked the dreamy city of the sea, where moon and palaces glassed themselves in tha calm waters. The one "or two gondolas that accompanied our friends when they started, disappeared mysteriously round bends of the grand canal, where la*nps glimmered now and then in a half-hearted kind of competition with lighted windows that sent streaks of gleam ing darts or broad beams of yellow down into the deep, making the rippling wavelets that accompanied the gondola, rise and fall with splashes of color that had the effect of molten gold. But this was only momentary; the gondola slipped and stole along, like some shadowy boat in some imaginary city, where the" palaces rose like architectural spectres out of the bosom of the dreaming waters.. Philip pressed Dolly's hand. She re sponded faintly. Somehow she felt inclined to cry. Walter had lighted a cigar; he had one arm around his wife ; he was thinking of the supper he had ordered and wondering whether he would ask Boppo to 51,77 and take them out later. There was music 021 the water far away. I Id fell upon their ears like the moaning of an iEolian harp. From one of. the palaco windows there came the ripple of laughter. Beneath the balcony there shot forth from a little canal, a gondola gaily lit with lamps ; it sped away with great swiftness, and Philip watched the fadmg lights. until they dis appeared as if the sea had swallowed them; How solemnly beautiful it all was !' V ^PalacesjsjM. -either hand, - carrying the mind back to thu most romantic days of the world s strange life, full, of heroic passages of Jiuinan . history, gay with love : ditties,1 red'with tragic story, ramping with war and blatant, with defiant trumpets. And oh|! how poor tiie modern lay of the Venetian glories, how dim the words that -burifed, how intermittent the thoughts that breathed when Venice has been the theme. Byron, Otsvay, Musset, George Sand, how flat in comparison with the reality ran Philip's thoughts ; how wise that American writer, Howell's, who did not strive to des cribe the indescribable, but wrote a book of thoughts and facts and impressions; for Venice is a fact; it was a dream to Philip, | though he fully realised that it was a fact— it and its palaces, its Doges, its great wars, its rebellions, its Bridge of Sighs and its historic Rial to, its pageants and its pictures, its San Marco of the grand old ancient days, and its Florians of the fiivilous present. But who shall paint it ?" . he thought, '•and why has the poetic Itus'iin tried to catalogue and set. forth the details, of its beauties as if it were a pile of architectural bric-a-brac f' There was one thing Philip resolved and that was, not to paint Venice. The queen of cities, she was to be suggested not painted, she was an Undine not to be limned as an anatomical study but to be indicated, to be dreamed ; the very thought of Canaletti's pictures of her serene beauty made him shudder ;_but he felt that Turner had under stood the city in the lagoons with her sink ing sun, her shimmery waters, her white and golden towers, her lazy sailing : boats, lumbering in from the sea. Philip was hardly responsible for what he felt or thought. If he had eaten the insane root that takes the [reason prisoner, he could not have felt more unlike himself, nor could he have been happier in his dreamy helplessness. In the shadow of a great steamer from the Eastern sea flying the flags of England and the P. and 0. they pulled up at the stiirs of the hotel ; and on their left, like a great white ghost, was the robed statue of Victor Emanuel, waiting the coming of. the King and Queen to have its fair proportions dis closed to the people. " Supper !" said Philip, when Walter in vited him to that necessaiy repast. "I feel as if it were a sacrilege to be hungry." "Not at all,' said Walter. "It would be if I had not taken care to order a repast; but just as nothing makes one so hungry as a good play or the opera, nothing is more exhausting than the first impressions of V enice. I remember when first I eamo to i \ enice, that trip down the canal made me as hungry as my first experience of Don Giovanni." Jenny and Dolly appeared at supper with bright eyes and in bright costumes. Dolly was not so radiant as Jenny. The truth is Dolly was not quite happy. Alone during those last touches of the toilette,which Dollv and Jenny, often performed together, Dolly had said to her sister, " I really do not quite know whether Philip does not see a little too much in nature and art outside me, I mean, of course, to be quite happy with me; I don't want to have nature and art always in com petition with fashion and me." " My dear." said Jenny, kissing her, "you are in yourself the highest embodiment of nature and art." "Not at all ; if we were both put to auction, I shouldn't have a chance in com petition with one of these old palaces or with a moonlight night on the Grand Canal." i "You are a queer girl," Jenny replied,"he will get tired of Venice in a "week. Venice is always the same; a beautiful woman is alwavs different." " Now,girls," said Walter, putting his head inside the door, "supper, and shall I keep Beppo for a floating siesta afterward?" "Yes," was Jenny's reply, " what is the time?" " Ten," said Walter. So Beppo and his comrade ate their polenta and drank a measure of wine, and smoked their cigarettes by the quay, while the merry English party had their supper near the Hotel balcony, where you could see Carlo, the head waiter, flitting too and fro in his dress coat, enjoying the chatter of the guests. Beppo and his comrade agreed that the ladies were very pretty girls. Jenny would have been much complimented if she had heard Beppo speaking of her as a girl. ."Theyare so free and pleasant," Beppo said, as he lay back in the boat looking up at the hotel windows. " Most English ladies are, they are like our Queen; - she is for a queen wonderfully free and pleasant-spoken. Just the queen for a free people, eh. Bettina?" Beppo called his comrade by his nickname Bettina, which had been given .to him, be cause he was supposed to be womanish in his manners and had never been able to grow a beard, but who in his build and in his strong arms was quite unlike a woman ; and he was still more" ualika in the fact that he rarely talked, only as a rule said "Yes" and "No" when he was not simply content to smile or frown his yeses and noes. " Yes," said Bettina. "She will be here to-morrow, Bettina, and the king^ will unveil that noble-statue of bis royal father, Victor Emanuel, under whose banners we fought in the war Bettina." - ' ''Yes," said Bettina. And conquered, eh, Bettina ?" " Yes" said Bettina. - "Andatthebaseof.it there is Italy in chains and Italy free; and we helped to break her chains, eh, Bettina ?" "Yes," said Bettina. " And these English, people are our best friends, Bettina, and when next we have to tight they will fight with ua on shore and at sea." , " Yes" said Bettina. While Beppo was romancing about what Italy, would be like after the next great war, I the English party came out with pretty j cloaks ana gauzy wraps upon their arms, the ! nien-with cigars in tl|e{r ijjoutl^S". Beppo, hnt in hand, was ashore,, in pne' niowent fo bo handing his passongera into the gondola the next, and helping. Walter to arrange the cushions—so that Dolly and Jenny should bo at their most perfect ease, with Walter and Philip at their fggfc, the moon,, dancing away down in the sea beneath them, and sailing majestically, above them, with two j attendant stars. j CHAPTER VI. ' ' The Red Gondola. Soon after eleven thoy were once more ! afloat, 'the moon higher and: brighter, the water, still and silent, the great ocean'steam er lying calm and stolid at anchor, the oppo site island, with the .Church of the Maggiore, sleeping in the moonlight; a cluster of coast ing craft lying (r. the shadow of St Maria della Salute ; and, as they stgerpd by the steps of St. Mark's tho G'ajiipnnile. the Moorish towers, ; and the.. fings'tafl holding communion with the silvery stars. Along, the water line from the quay, past the Bridge of Sighs, and by the Palace were a row of leafless trees, raechanoial contriv ances of lamps, which were , to be ligllted before the week was over. Even- these curious additions, artificialities that were singularly out of place, were inoffensive things in the moonlight, which softened their l}ars}i outlines and made them almost picturesque. Perhaps it was the Capri that had loosened Philip's tongue. For a time he was a very ! chatty companion. He talked of the "Mer I chant of Venice," of the old days of the Rialto, of the Jews and the ghetto (which led j to5ome mention of the treatment of the Jews in Russia), all in a quiet, un'rhapsodical kind i of way; until they, arrived at the apocryphal palace of Desdemona, 'Here there werolights and evidently junkettiugs, and. under °tho | window was a bargo crowded with minisirels, ! who sang the " Finiculi Finicuia,''at which i Jenny and Walter were delighted, and j afterwards the Ave Maria of Gounod, j which came like a sudden and unexpected j benediction after t)ie "Finiculi" chorus. Tho ^ Moor has just killed his spotless i bride," said Philip, " and this Ave Maria is j her dirge," And eq they lingered here to listen to tho music, and then moved elowly ! 011 toward tho Riako. If Philip could have interpreted the echoes of the revelry going ~oi: in that Palace under whose balcony they had paused! it ,i reception given by tho Princess Radm^ wife pf fyyjojjB Gpnoral Petrono. vitcli that made the Deademona palace gay and festive on this third night of May, the first of Philip's first visit to Venice. The General and the Princess ivere lodged hero by the courtesy of an Italian noble, who had something more than his title upon which toimaintain the -dignity of his. ancient house. •"Venice, and indeed Italy, was distinctly honoured Ly the General's presence here with his^lovely wife, during the festival pre-; pared for the King and Queen. The General, it was understood, had a-semi official mission which also flattered the military and naval vanity of the nation. A couple of Italian ironclads were slowly steaming through the lagoon to the quay, while the reception was going on to do honor to the sovereign, one of them to be at tho disposal of the Russian guest, General Petronoviich, who had won a great reputa tion both as Governor of Vilnavitch,- and as a commander in the field, having in. this capacity rendered good service against some of the hostile tribes in Central Asia ; and. he had married one of the most popular women of the Russian Court, n Princess and heiress to great estates. This trip to Venice was considered by the General as part of their honeymoon, and the Venetian ladies as well as the Venetian men were all agred as to tho bride's beauty ; it was not Venetian ; nor was it exactly Russian ; it combined the piquancy of French manners with the repose ful face of the German Gretclien. It was known that the 'General had married as much for the lady's w:ealth as for her beauty and her high position at court. He was a universal admirer of the sex, and hard things had been said about his infidelities even during his honeymoon ; but it is a censorious world. There had come to Venice a certain distinguished stranger whose charms had already it was said, given the Princess Radna cause for uneasiness; and whose appearance at the Opera the night previously to the Princess's reception had divided the attention of the audience with the stage, so exquisitely was she dressed; so radiant were her jewels, so lovely, was her red gold hair,so pathetically beautiful the expressiou of her deep violet eyes. While Philip and his friends were dream ing about Desdemona under her hypothetical balcony, this lovely stranger was just leaving her gondola at the palace steps to be received by the Princess, who was already jealous of her—and had protested in vain- against being compelled to recoive her. In the old days oi Venice,when every lover more or less carried his life in his hands among these splendid palaces, with their mysterious windows and alcoves looking out "upon dim canals and gondolas that lay hid iri shaded nooks, the Princess would have had 110 difficulty in ridding herself of her rival;—had the reward been a favour to some lover of whom the General might have had equal cause for dislike, as the Princess imagined she had, to hate the lovely stranger. But who knows whether under the inspiration of a.great love or an equally intense linte, tlie Venice of to day may not have tragic inspiration enough for a fatal intrigue ? "Could you have believed anything on this earth could be so absolutely beautiful i" asked Jenny,as the gondoliers paused by the bridge of the Rialto to permit their passengers to contemplate the Fondace dei Tuichi, upon which tho moonlight was falling in silvery splendour, whitening the marble co'uinns of its open logia, and casting a broad, steady reflection upon its antique facade. What a history there was there to dwell upon ! Walter had looked it up and was enabled, much to his own satisfaction, to mention its salient points. " This is, of course, the old palace restored," he said. "It repeats the original as nearly as possible. It was " built in the thirteenth century by the family of the Pal mien of Pe.iaro. In 1331 it was bought by the'Republic and presented to the Marquises of Este, Lords of Briare,whi gave entertainments here, at which Ariosto and Tasso were guests. The Fondaco del Todeschi, and it is now simply a museum, nothing more or less, the Museum of Venice." "But many a noble palace along the Grand Canal has come to a worse destiny?" suggested '•Oh, yes, and the fact that there are lodging-houses and other show places, in which relics of their glories and miscellaneous bric-a-brac are for sale ill "the. marble halls, make Venice to my mind all the more pathetic." Walter replied, with an accent of sorrow in his voice that for a minute or two quite troubled his wife. " What's the matter, Walter V' she asked. "Oh, nothing, my dear ; I was only trying to get into tune with Forsyth,who, of course, is looking at the noetic side of things, and here the poetic is the pathetic," " Ah," said Philip, " if one only had im agination enough to -see the other side of this wonderful -picture,"- as the boat floated once mere out of the broad moonlight into the Shidow; "if one only had the heart to think only ofits glories,its pageants, its colour, its victories,its laughter, its merry makings." - " Yes," said Dolly, thinking she felt all this, but mistaking the depression that had fallen upon her fancy for something more than the woman's instinct of trouble that was beginning to cloud it. "Yes, indeed, it seems impossible to think of the happy side of life in those days when Venice was mistress of the seas." " But you don!t mean to.say, Dolly, that you are languishing under the shadow of her degeneracy and downfall '!" remarked Walter briskly. " Yes,I am ; at least I feel sad, and I don't know of ar.y other cause for my.sadness than lies in the contemplation of these beautiful remains of greatness." "I wonder," thought Philip, "how she would feel had she the cause -of tribulation that afflicts me 1" for, as in human faces, that Jewish face we wot of was the most-tenderly svfeet and pathetic, so the sad glamour of it assooiated itself in his mind with the ruinecj palaces, the silent halls, the Bleeping moon light, the whispering ■ waters; ' the wailing music of this midnight travel. He thought of Milan. The memory of the journey to Dover had grown old. He believed, when the locomotive was panting- or. its way to its Venetian marches that he was putting miles and miles between himself and tempta tion. ' He was resolved that if it were not so, in fact, it should be so in regard to his conduct. Walking with Dolly in the sun shine at Milan, and also when listening to the organ in the great Cathedral, there he had shown special marks of attention to' "the girl who was |« Jijs-wife, insomuch that Jenny had remarked to ' WaiteV-,' "how Philip loves our dear Dolly but Dolly * by that subtle Instinct that woman is blessed with, or cursed with, as the case may be, felt the hollowness of all this, detected the want of a true ring in Philip's loving words. She noted the embarrassment that Philip • felt now and then, when the face and memory of the other woman obtruded themselves in the course of his tender speeches; and this night, on the Grand'Canal, while his'thoughts would wander to the Russian-Jewish woman, her heart beat plaintively to her doubts and fears, touched with suspicion and melancholy that she endeavoured to debit to the past and its faded glories, to the stories of Desdemona and Juliet-, ■ t-o the mournful ?pis-jdes of histoid, the emblematical structure of the Bridge of Sighs that seemed! to bo the natural pictorial epilogue to the gloomiest of Italian tragedies. It is difficult to talk," said Philip pre sently, when Jenny had remarked upon their general silenoe. "It is not necessary," said. Jenny, "we can pretty well interpret each other's thoughts'." " If we could !". said Philip with some thing like a sigh. "And what 'then ?" said, Jenny, laugh ingly, ." I will give you a penny for yours." " You don't bid high onough," • . " I will-give you all you dare ask," said Dolly half jestingly, half archly, half in earnest, and with her heart at tho moment full of a strange curiosity. " Pardon !" said Beppo, interposing with a drag on his oar, that brought the gondola to a sudden standstill, " this is tho palaco where tho lady of the red gondola is staying, very rich, very beautiful, a Russian, arrived hero three days since, everybody talkin" about hor. Yesterday she went to the ghetto and distributed a thousand marks among the poor ; and this is her gondola coming from the recaption given by the Princess Randa, wife of General Petronovitch, the famous Russian General who has cqrjo to attend the fetes to tljo King and Queen," As he spoke tliore bounded out from beneath Desdemona's balcony, a gondola, with two rowers, tho one at the stern, tall and broad of limb, the other lithe and neat. Beneath tho awning of the boat reclined the figure of & woman, and apart, in an attitude of respectful attention, that of a mtsn evening dress, the gondoliers were in crimson uniform and red was the prevailing | color of the decorations of the boat, which was lighted with one or two lamps, one near the stern falling upon a long drift of crimson brocade that swept through the —ater like a Hag dipped to » conqueror, or the red signal of some tragic thought or deed. The boat swung past them without a cry or salute from the gondoliers of -either vessel ; and the Milbankes and Dolly strained their eyes_ to see the face of the lovely occupant but it was either veiled or in shadow. Philip'a heart beat with a quick anxiety a3 he asked in a tone of voice which he strove to make indiffei^ent, "Who is the lady ?" : " She is called the Countess Stravensky," said Beppo. . (To be Continued.) 