FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1890. Blatant Bombast. ON the 10th instant our telegraphic information included the report of a letter on Imperial Federation, pub- lished in the Brisbane Telegraph by Sir Charles Lilly, the Chief Justice of Queensland. This legal luminary seems to have considered that he was called upon to make a pronouncement of an authoritative nature on this vague and wide question, and from his point of view he has succeeded in meeting the imaginary want. Probably, however, no one outside the Supreme Court in Brisbane is inclined to attach that importance to Sir. Charles Lilly's utterances which he seems to imagine they should have. When he lets him- self loose on a great question, Beacons- field's famous saying about "the hare-brained chatter of irresponsible frivolity " irresistibly occurs to the mind. The tone adopted by the Chief Justice of Queensland in regard to the old country is that of blustering bom- bast. "The ardent supporters of Im- perial federation need never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus people by send- ing them to Australia," says the Queensland oracle ; and, again \- "Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers." This tone sufficiently condemns itself. Possibly Sir Charles Lilly imagines that he is posing as an advocate of Australian nationalism when he indulges in this kind of language. Perhaps he lays the flattering unction to his soul that he is playing the part of the Australian patriot. Some such idea seizing upon his misguided mind may have rendered him blind to the absurdity of his utter- ances. But a Judge-above all, a Chief Judge-is supposed to have a mind capable of calmly deducing from established facts ; and it is in the in- temperateness of his language in re- ference to the mother country that Sir Charles Lilly clearly discloses his lack of serenity of judgment. Who is he that he should arrogate to him- self the functions of mouthpiece for Australian national aspirations? Under what commission does he take upon himself to speak of England as a possible-nay a probable-foe to Aus- tralia? What are his qualifications for criticising the action of men like Lord Carnarvon, Lord Rosebery, and Cardinal Manning? Why did not Sir Charles lilly's admirers-assuming he has any, of course-manage to get him appointed an extra delegate to the Federal Conference in Melbourne? He could then have obtained a chance of coming to the front and sounding his note of arrogant defiance in that im- portant conclave instead of hiding his light under a bustel in the columns of the Brisbane Telegraph. What ground, in fact or probability, has this be-wigged blusterer for stating that "we may reasonably apprehend that the first-armed enemy of Australia will probably be England with Indian troops?"' " Reasonably apprehended," indeed! Is there any reasonableness at all in the idea.' Is there any sense in it? What person who has any know- ledge of the real character of the rela- tionship between the mother country and her Australian colonies does not smile pityingly at such blatant bosh? We cordially agree with Sir Charles Lilly that Imperial Federation is at present, at any rate, " a phantom with less substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost." But, if that be so, where is the need for all this rhodomon- tade upon the part of Sir Charles Lilly? Where is the logical consist- ency of fighting a phantom? It would seem as if that most condemnable of men- tal diseases, eacathes scribendi, had got hold upon the gentleman who presides ! over the higher bench in Queensland, and has led him to render himself eter- nally ridiculous in the eyes of all who take the trouble to peruse his anti- British pronunciamento. Did we think this ludicrous proclamation likely affect the mind of any Aus- tralian who has a due conception of the place of his country in the scale of nations and the grand future which awaits it, we could easily show that the Chief Justice of the northern colony has egregiously erred. But elaborate and extended exposition of the absurdity of Sir. Charles Lilly's latest contribution to ephemeral literature is, we are con- vinced, unnecessary. 