Bank of England* GBAVE CBISIB AVERTED, GBEAT TENSION IN THE MONBV MARKET. rTBiiTCBArB's Bfeoul Mebbioe.J London. November IB. The. London mane; market, yesterday, ex perienced the severest Motion which ft.Jias known sinoe the memorable Black Ifriday. One of the leading financiathonBes having be come involved with the Argentine Bepublio, was compelled to ask the Banket England tor assistance. The great basking institutions promptly complied with the request. Aguaran tee committee, consisting ofthe leading finan ciers of the city, was immediately formed, and the difficulty was happily overcome. By this meant an almost unparslled calamity has been averted. fihortaB the period of,tension was its eSeots was apparent in the quotations for South American securities, which utterly col lapsed. Consols and indeed everything else fell heavily. later. The Timet of to-day states that the worst is over, and the Bank of England has added another to a long list <of historic services by its prudent policy of stepping oat of the rontine of ordinary business in order to prevent the down fall of one of the oldest and most respected of English flnanoial houses. Deferring'to the fall in consols, the Tima states that the present quotatlohs ire the lowest reoordel einoe the' first issue of these safeties. Later. Pricos are now recovering. It has transpired that the liabilities of the assisted firm amount to £4,000,000; bnt it is expected that the assets will show a surplus. Four of the leading financiers have gaoranteed £9,000,000. 1 The Government of the Argentine Bepnblic have released Baring Bros., the well- known London finaniers, from their engagement to float a loan of £0,000,600 for the Buenos Ayros waterworks. [Pkb Becibb's Aoekci.] London, November 15. Grave fears of a financial crisis were enter* tained in this oity yesterday. 'The Timet announces that one of the most important banking houses greatly conoerned In South Amerioan loans and enterprises has been obliged to seek out assistance. The Bank of England, conjointly with leading financial houses, lent its aid for the formation of a gaurantee fund, and thus adverted disaster. Later, Nov. 17. The failure is announoed of Messrs. Baring Bros, and Co., bankers, of No. 6 Bishopsgate stroet. Their liabilities fire estimated at £21,000,000, but the estate shows a surplus of £8,800,000. The Bank of England, and BothBchild, and other leading houses have guaranteed £10,000,000, and the Government are support ing the bank to the extent of £2,000,000. At the meeting of oreditorsit was arranged that the liquidation shall extend over three years. The prompt action of the banks haB reas sured the money market, and slocks are re covering. A peasant woman, of Brittany, had five child ren at a birth, all of whom are alive. A oirl 10 years of age, a professional swimmer, was taken to London Bridge by her parents, and from it she was about to dive to advertise herself, when they were arrested. The magis trate, on binding the parents over to keep the peace, said it was incredible that a father and mother were so ready to risk the life of their ohild. > The Princess of Wales, when recently visit ing Nowstead Abbey, humourously > expressed a desire to see the ghost whioh is supposed to have disturbed > Byron. While passing through a room the PrlncesB is said to have tnruBt her > parasol into a dark curtained alcove, saying at the name time, " But I want > to see the ghost." Tho point of the parasol came in contact with a servant > maid who had conoealed herself to get an undisturbed peep nt royalty. > Thinking sho had discovered the gliost the Princess is said to have sunk > screaming into tho arms of the Prince. v.liilo the domestic, throwing > liorself before the Princess, pileously begged her pardon. 