LAYMEN. It is a bishop, Dr. Ryie, who says that if some divines had Btood at the apostle's elbow when be wrote Phil, i., 1, they would have. hinted that he had made a mistake. " To all the saints in Christ Jesus with the bishops and deacons. The point is St. Paul's mention of " the saints " before the " bishop and deacons." He placeB the laity before the clergy when he addresses tne Philippian Church. He puts the body of the baptized in the front rank, and the ministers in the rear. There is no room for dispute about the various readings of manuscripts, in this case. Here, at any rate, the Revised Version does not touch the language of the text. It was unmistakeably given by inspiration of God, and written for our learning. As such, it is the germ of a great truth, which demands special notice in the present day. In short, it opens up the grave subject of the rights and duties of the lay members of a Chris tian Church. What, then, , was the position of the lay membere of ChurcheB in the days of the Apostles? Let us imagine ourselves paying a visit to the baptized Com munities at Rome, or Corinth, or Ephesus, or Thessalonica, or Jerusalem, and let us see what we should have found, and what Scripture teaches about them, . In this, as in many other matters, we, have a right to ask " What light can we get from the New Testament? We do not find a single text in the New Testament in which the ordained ministers alone are ever called "the Church," or ever, act for the Church, without the laity uniting and co-operating in their action. Are the deacons appointed ? The twelve recommend it, " but the whole multitude" choose. (Acts vi. 5.) — Is a Council held to consider whether the heathen converts should be circumcised, and keep the ceremonial law ? The decision arrived at is , said to come from "the apostles, and elders, and brethren," with " the whole Church." (Acts xv. 22, 23.)— Are inspired EpisfcleB written by St. Paul to particular Churches ? : In eight cases they are, addressed to the " Church— the saints — the faithful brethren " — and in only one case (the Epistle to the Philippians) is there any mention of " bishops and deacons " in the opening address. — Does St. Paul Bend instructions to the Church about the Lord's Supper, and abont speaking with tongues ? He sends them to " them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus " — not to the ministers. — Is discipline exercised against an unsound member? St. Paul gives directions to the saints at CoriDth, without mentioning the ministry, " Put away from among yourselves that wicked person." (1 Cor. v. 13.) — Is a man " overtaken in a fault " to be restored to communion ? St. Paul tells those who are " spiritual " among the Galatians to do it, and does not refer it to their ministers. (Gal. vi. 1.) — Is an Epistle written to the Christian Hebrews ? Not a word is said about " rulers " until you come to the last chapter. — Does St. James write a General Epistle ? He addresses the " twelve tribes," and only names " teachers " in the third chapter. — Does St. Peter write a General Epistle? He writes to the whole body of the elect, and says nothing to the " elders." That there was to be a distinct order of men to minister to the Church is most plainly taught in the New Testament. St. Paul, we are told, " ordained elders in every Church" (Acts xiv. 23.) See 1 Cor. xii. 28 ; Eph. iv. 11 ; 1st and' 2nd Epistles to Timothy ; and Titus, but " the Church" in any city or country meant especially the laity, and the ministers were only regarded as the " servants of the Church" (2 Cor. iv. 5). As for a Church in which the clergy acted alone, settled everything, decided every thing, judged everything, and managed everything, and the laity had no voice at all, there is not the ghost of the shadow of such a thing in the Acts or Epistles of the New Testament. On the contrary, while St. Paul tells the Thessaloniahs to " esteem their ministers very highly," it is to the laity, and not the clergy, that he addresses the words, " Warn them that are unruly, comfort the feeble-minded, support the weak." (1 Thess. v. 13, 14.) A sacerdotal ministry, a mediatorial ministry, an infallible ministry, a ministry of men who by virtue of Episcopal ordina tion have any monopoly of knowledge, or any special ability to settle disputed questions of faith or ritual, is an innova tion of man, and utterly without warrant of Holy Scripture. It is a ministry which has been borrowed from the typical system of the Jewish Church; and has no place in the present dispensation. The Christian minister is a teacher, an am bassador, a messenger, a watchman, a witness, a shepherd, a steward, and is ex pressly authorized by the Epistles to Timothy and Titus, where his duties' are clearly laid down. But there is a con spicuous absence of New Testament proof that he is a sacrificing priest. The learned Bishop of Durham, in his exhaustive work on Philippians, uses the following language: — " The kingdom of Christ has no sacer dotal system. It interposes no sacrificial tribe or class between God and man, by whose entreaties alone God is reconciled, and man forgiven. Each individual mem ber holds personal communion with the Divine Head. To Him imme,diately he is responsible, and from Him directly he obtains pardon and drawB strength." Again he says, " The sacerdotal title is never once conferred on the ministers of the Church. The only priests under the Gospel, designated as such under the New Testament, are the saints, the mem bers of the Christian brotherhood." The prominent position occupied by the laity in these Primitive Communities, was the grand secret of their undeniable strength, growth, prosperity, and success. There were no sleeping partners in those days. Every member of the ecclesiasti cal body worked. Every one felt bound to do something. All the baptized mem bers, whether men or women, if we may judge from the 16th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans, took a direct active interest in the welfare and progress of the whole ecclesiastical body. They were not tame, ignorant sheep, led hither and .thither at the .beck of autocrat shep herds. The best regiment in an army is that inwhich officers and, iirivates take an equal interest in the efficiency of the whole corpB. It ib the regiment in which the officers trust the privates, and the privates trust the officers, aB they did when they fought through the eventful night at Rorke's Dritt, in the Zulu war. It is the regiment in which every private is intelligent, and behaves as if the ...success of the campaign depended on ' him. It is the regiment in which every private knows his duty, and is honour- r ably proud of his profession, and would ! /fight to ,the last for the colours even if .. every officer fell. Such a regiment was a .Primitive Church, in apostolic days. It . '/had its officers, its bishops, and deacons. . It had orders, due subordination, and dis cipline. But the mainspring and back bone of its strength lay in the zeal, intel- j ligence, and activity of its laity. 