LjEONARDoe LINDSAY; gitE STORY OF A BUCCA2NEEr, ANGUS B. REACH. CII.ATER iXVI.-(Corrivernt. aSuddenly the witch stopped, and shaded jkfrom her eyes her long flowing hair, intently at the sky. In the next ? t aflash of lightning--o bright that , ne on board the galley, except the wr?, as dazzled and blinded by the o.-tare out of the dark heavens; struck inld topmast of the galley; and witha mod like that of all the artillery in the frad off in one salvo, paseed gleaming the wood, shaking the ship as 6 gh ,e had been lifted a hundred feet tdnea alow?d to fall splash into the es. ,e exo!oeion was followed by a thick rharuas smoke, which seemed to come an:ec up out of the inmost recesses of sl ey, and while the crew, blinded and at choking in the yellow sulpharous fn were groping about the deck-, they .aj the loud screaming laughter of the ,?, fo1 wed by the croak of the ravens a the cabin. At ecngth the smoke or mist gradually , n' away, andas it did so, and the men ,ed the.ir eyesight, they saw Tronda it: a. usual on the poop. with her old S m;:.u?t t:.ht command. Ier first r4,. c irol:. I were- re.,i ie that carreun into the sea, and nk e aniu" by the fate of Tlorqui l Panda at coU dispute the will of such as I.' ", the r lilors advanced, all trembling, to dthe mas of whom the witch spoke. lle al hean truck by the lightning, com ., s bu there was neither ncaith nor sear pm hi, '.h. only on the forehead a small icnadl?.le spot. ?o the mariners lifted up ~e hlr. and whileit was yet warm plunged itorithe sile. It sunk feet first, and as h head dis.tppeared. the crew thought that th ded face frowned. "Thit night Tronds sat alone in her abia. beneath the bronze lamp, as she had doewhen her victim entered. The crystal la hreun the table as before. All at once t t dame of the lamp flashed high up, sl then sank down into the bronze, a that the eabin was almost in dkae",, and the two ravens flattered and goaued. Tronda lifted up her head, and lidri face became as the face of a statue ted out of blue and grey marble, for be. ifa her, stading as he had already done that he was the form of Torquil Randa, with th blue spot upon his forehead where the f$nmin: hal struck it. "There was silence for the space of a siate, and then the formof Torquil spoke. f I ament from the dead,' it said, 't re ryou a last warning.' oReturn to those who sent you,' answered Sthech: ' I take no warnings.' "'Iam bid to tell you,' said the rpirit, 'tht the measure of your iniquities is , ariv fulL' "The witch of Lapland rose erect, and s, mbod ronfronting the apparition. a I haroeno fearof aught. either dead or irmr sprit or flesh,' she replied. ' Get you e, or I will call up the spectres of the a rindj, who will chase you to the uttermost 01 uSr of the errth.' "The iuere of Torqull Ratla gave a sad B ils, sad stretching forth its hand, touched ,t the magi: crystal, which immedintelya nambled into black dust. 'The powers w shire are given to me,' said the spirit, 'are b ater than yours.' Ic \- Trda's" frame shivered as she saw this,w Snt shelost no wit of countenanee, and looked t1 be terrible visitant steadily in the face. "' There will be given you one last oppor. n ni.'e,' tae apparition said. ' Will you re- bi pat' F o:' said the witch of Lapland. et "The fgreu of Torquil Rianda grew loss f, sadeeela aistinct, and as it disappeared, the of mne of the lamp brightened up again, and i th rmnr, which had nestled at Tronda's h, h , flew back to their perches on her in "The next day, the galley meanwhile Al strsnot far from Cape nbeinon, in llis. w pcila, there came on board, in a sall o m?n, a Spanish gtil, who seemed, ship- tt stes, to have hardly life in herto climb up a low side of the galley. This girl was of N a besnay rarely Seen upon the earth, but of thee who looked upon the bright red spot in ea bh whe te.eek, sad the sickly flash of her at hek floating eves, knew that theme was m hlly a month's lif flickering in h r bosom : Sbe went slowly into the cabin, and fell th rpe her knes before the witch. "' Ether,' she said, ' I as dying fast, Surcan see. I have a lover, my betrothed. a He is coming across the ocean to bid me fare 0rel Oh, that I might live to see him ! I ai hre little gold, but what I have, grant him he aair treeze, that his ship may come to land th hfre I die, and that I may give up my spirit fe ihisarms.' "So saying, the Spanish girl held forth a an e of gold the le of a walnut Tranda tt ed npened her month to speak, when a w thin woman entered the cabin. She was fo a tall and haughty dame, and as she th ??erced the dying girl a smile, like that of a t0 lt, pasted over her face. Her cheeks it fel, and her eyes glanced with the fire of daily spirt. The younger girl started P ak at her aspect, and then sunk, all t'Iaeing and sobbing, upon the floor. "Then the elder spoke thus "'I hate that woman. Sheis my rival Re has wonfromme the man Ilove. I would pFrent their meeting. She is poor, but I am SThi, for a wind which will keep back S chip. until she be no more.' d "?B:h that, shipmates, the woman laid = qsp the table a lump of virgin ore, as a hr as a cocoa-nut. The other girlth ad nothing, but still held out her taller offerine. Tronda stood be. Mren theta musing. At last, she took b thru e lniup, and eropped it into the great a Ltfu:l at her feet. at "''You hall have a taffling wind.' she w il to th.- jalous rival. The poor girl, who e uN dy;nc, re, feebly, and rpssed out weep "4; theo row let er down with careful tuds into her eanoe. "Ba: at the moment when Tromnda bi hi mad. her decision, the sudden a a-a of a hollow sounding wind passed 10 t~mhib the air, and the galley rocked ad lahax-ed, as though an inviablea hand lad 'o.e her. The witch remained long Sars, in the eabin, until, heai the dash Ca \- oar, she rose and went ondeck. The C wo ea deserted, and the whole crew, P atearkl in the boats, were pulling fast for 6 laxd, whde the horizon was again h als da it had been when the witch drew a Eb:htuoi from the hbeavens. Trondamounted tl 't the pop, and stretched forth her arms. to.. th. fuithlen crue, when her eye sad- bi 4t-2 feill upon Torquil, standing as he had cc ni a,,cth the mainmrat when the lovin ctrr.ok him. Then she forebore, and \- *oxd wi'h drooping head, gazing into e , below. But what was remark. d a. la that when the whole crew P ti caller lIft her at onee, insteaud t rt OOine, she sunk still deeper in twat:r: and as a heavy swell began to ,tanl Leave around, the ship rolled and P.ced with a steanre sickly motion. 'Th?tn came another portent. Troanda 'Ol ,d upon the poop, when she started ar a saudden pattering of feet, and a ak ne and scratching all around her. ectIliotely there poured forth from every n htri y a whtoe legion of ats--yomag i _ aod old-beow- and grey-- all of -t mtking for the side of thoivesael, and n pluin~ig with a loud shrillsi n t. 0 seah . which was erpediy dotted with \- li:tl heals, all stomat" g merrily to n. t When the last had lepe?d overboard, theEure of Torqul Ba~ds gluer oftly aft ldfedmned the witch. "'Ilats.' quoth the figurue, 'lear. a Andg ship.' ndhbe spoke, the galley ipurOd to float in the waer more heabily .diaply than ever, while the swells ros grtat roking billows, and the moan of a Swind hurtled oaver the ms . Still rda confronted the apprition with a lp tih. neter qtoisrd, adan eye wb[ U ae-?etlnbk. " ' Ify anente,' said she,' were eham isd heree ; one of them-Erio Weatna a ,ended into the tomb of Sigsmann, tL e king, and bora from thene (177) the bronzetpucrhmal lamp whi. burns oneath, lnthough it was guarded by tn t?h, t onWhoin hPels. What art thou, Ssuch a e ose eins runs the blood before thel', should tremble and quake But the apparition said d an Icom from a power which ismightier atha h ommi to an d of Thor, and onmmzsstoed to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt Undergo ts Spinismente ort wickcd sor eris, even until the end of time.' At that there rose a mighty wind, and the -gale st?rted away before it In vain STrenda Lade the th ir f.a i h emeats to ceata th" in vain she knelt upon the u oop and, with her drenched hair al stream p'i the rtompst sunghermagic rhymes, and screamed out her moot potent charms. Th, winds sle, anndhe floa' aowered, and the wavrnes rose, nhredfnl of her Spells, and i o at lost she started up from the deck, and cried ia l amentabl voice- " 'Alas alas my power is gone from me. and the elements obey me no mre l' e " At thre, wrds three wa a i nntier and a croak and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soarelup into the tempst-toed a, heel og round and round the recking masts of ohe labourinr ship "' And you too,' sad Trpeas, lookinc u atthem, ' leave mer g soThe sentence, comrades, was no sOoncr soken thnu the foul birds dlarted off, cach his parto way and were speedily lost in the darknets.' Then the storm burst out with all its fury. lIad it been a a hrqu m?nned by mortals.,negalle v wou;d not have livel an hour in that sea: ; ut enchantent kept it afloat until it had finish.l is dat ined anu:e. For some e rec the Lip land witch and the figure of Torquil Itnda were the only forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darknes, grew intense pale flaahes of lightning showed toops of phantoms upon the deck who whorkel the ropes and sail as mariners in a gale. These srhape, comrdes, were the spirits of the .remen whom Trends by her incanto tions had drowned. But till the witch stood erect and fearless through all this tumult of horror. liftino np her unabashed forehead to the gale, and fashing all around her wild ccec eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. "' t length, c-mrades, it, the thick of the roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting on the deck amid the flying spr and foam, there was shouted from the prows, in a voice which boomed like th tones of a church bell, 'Llad.' "At this the spectre of the Norse marine turned to Tronda, and said "'No hear ourdoom. From this time. forth you will haunt the cape on which we are driving; and there you will haknew power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than tn advance the coure of mariners; but vet, fur every moment of time a ship is hindered on her course, will on pass a rear of torment, such as it is ot inathe breastef man to con ceive. Andthis shaBl last even to the day when the ea shall give up its dead.' " In a moment after, mates, the galley was erushed into splinters, and not o vestige of her, or of her precious carns of pearls and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda the evil spirit of Cape orsaat, still haunts that deasato beach anf these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid. watches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of her pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the stor, with her arms tossed above her head, as t though she were still singing thae charnt which raised wn and waves. I never spoke, comr.aes, with those who maw her ; but I have heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who beint, in a night of storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprith fO g a split sail beheld the ancient atee of the hag, withb her grey fishy eyes looking into his own, and who came near letting go. t hold of the sar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. 'But .he manred to make iLs way, all pale and shaking, on board the ship, where he told whath had witnesed ; ant d o:tan old men of the crew said it was a mtt evil omen, and that either the hip would be ort, or bhe who saw the appearance would be drowned. Now. word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it cams to the ears of the stoat-hearted admiral himself ; and presently Sir Francis ppeared out of the main cabin. W" "What is this, I hear, men,' says he,, that one of you has been frightened by a demon P "' It was the devil, Sir Francis:' said the sailor, by name James Gilbert. "'And what if it were?' qcuoth the t admiral. 'lie is hut a coward. If he shows his face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.' "But for all these bold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was bound. Gilbert sa:s flung from the lee foretop-sail yard-arm into the sea. After the first plner, he never came to the surface, and the 'old sion, l new that what had happened was in cosequencee of his having seen the demon who haunnts Point poranto" CHIAITER XXVII. WHAT UArPrIcs A.BOAD TR SAUCY s r-uIN- , av earuns usejLo P eAeD HER CErT.. Three days after we boarded the Saucy Susan, I was the look-out man during a dark mid-watch. The wind was fresh, the sea high, and we were plunging rapidly along; the sails straining and surging, and the masts and rigging cracking with the pressure. I was standing on the heel of the bowsprit, with my arm round the forestay to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as I best could to aoid the cold showers of brine which our sharp bows tore up, when some one pulled my doublet, and, looking round, I saw Rumbold. "Is there any one about ?'" quoth he; " I want to epeak to you prieately." But the breese, ahlhough it blew strong, was steady, and the watch lay doinog under thelee of the long-beat between the masts, ",fy mind mbonve tme," says ruimbohl, rseoy,,"that they havea design on me. ?fhat felow Nixon watehes everymotion as a eat does a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chiffon Roage, and he, are aware that I have !?arls abont me, and I go in constant dread. Did ou ee the three rogues to-day, hoe" long and eowenestly they talked, and what sly glances they, every one of them, threwtatmel It watickiish wrekliving amonS the Spaniards at the Rio de a Haeca, but f warrant yoe I foelnevera bitmore comfortable among mr countrymen here." I inquired where Jerry, the Captain, and Nixon werev Rurmbold replied, that they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that being pretty fr gone, he had been able to slip out ,'New," cuoth he, "I don't intend that these rasrals shall have my pearls, if I can keep them-and what is more, I don't iotend that they shall haye them, emv althonuh I mar notibe able to keep them-they shall go Into the sea, which they came out of, first." I said, that surely the fellows would not murder him for his wealth. "Well," he answered, "they would not murder, if they could steal withonct it-but if they eae't. Idoa ot sup.poee that a thmat or so cat would make mach daffevnce." Upon this I replied, heartily shaking ilumibold'a hand at the amie time, ,, Too helped me, at my shoe of need, amonagtheSp.nir.? Peehepe, I an help you nowv-wil you entrust tle pearls to "•?y good fellow,' says Rumiod, with gsotegernbls "that is prsc.asllt?aencu Icame to as of jole" And with thit, he fumbled in hia blem, and pe..,ll drew oat a ,mc of ?.t poah, madfo a than hiat goah its r, with sise which bhusinomad lbs body. we h-* boIel eagaly h me Irte we re ast o rved. but not a sul oould be us~n i['g upoa deck. A lanltaa, swinging frm be weather foceshn ast a dusLy gleam the wt mo dlippe planLs--bt we were a-?1?. s " Huuh ''" says he, softly. " The pearls are y in this pouch-there is a good thousand pounds worth--trap the belt tightly round d you, under your clothes, the first time you have an opportunity. If you deliver it up to me safely atJamaica, a third of the profits shall be-yours-if anything happens to me, I r make you my legatee-eep pouch and pearls, I and make tle best of them." He had hardly made the transfer when a t shadow glided darkly between us and the lantern. We both rushed oft as far as the foremast and pried eagerly about; but not a I creature was to be seen. "Bah! " said Rumbold. "it was only the c light, swinging with the ship as she rolls." Butt my own belief was that some one had glided across the deck and mounted the weather forcrigsring. I had not time, how ever, to communicate my thoughts to Ram bold when we heard loud voices and saw a glimmering of lights aft, and immediately Jer came forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good sea-legs, and clinging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. "Farewell-take care !" exclaimed Rum bold. "I most not be seen here." So saying, he slid over to leeward, and crept aft, under the black shadow of the sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking the lantern from the forerigging, grasped my shoulder, and asked me-in a thick voice and with a hiccup-whether all was well? I replied in theaflirmative, upon which he steadied himself on the idec as well as he could, and began to hum over a song to himself. sometimes stopping to put the same question to me, half a dozen times over, after the manner of a drunken man, when, all at once, the ship giving a violent lee-lurch, he was pitched bodily against the bulwark-, and at the same moment a heavy marling spike fell with a crash from the ri?ging, tearing up white splinters in the deck. Had it not been for that lucky lurch, that sharp and ponderoos iron would have cleftthe mate's head. All this happened in a moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck, when Jerry bounded to his legs, and with a tre mendous oath, that there was treachery some where, called to me to go aloft in the weather ri-aing, while he took the lee. The danger he had escaped seemed to have sobered the mate at once. I sprong into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, whtle Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife-thrust, for he was certain it was that villainous Portuguee dog who had flung the marline spike. Up we both went into the rocking rigging. We climbed over the rail of the foretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held the barrel of a small pistol between his teeth. f "The m-rtheriag rogue I" he cried. "Bathe has made his last cst. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man ! " We both looked up to the heel of the top gallant mast. The white canvas was tug ging, and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against the mast and sail. "There he is-there's the thief " Jerry roared, and we both sprang into the topmast rigging. Holding on by the topgallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, against the light-coloured canvas. All at once I saw its arm more, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry shouted " Devil confound him-he has sent his knife into my shoulder," and immediately stopped, grasping the shronds as though he feared to fall. Knowing now that the Portu gmse had no knife, I sprang rapidly up the shronds to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vasco-his grim face gazing at me, and his hands clenched as though he was determined to sell his life as dearly as he could. The next moment we ad grappled together-neither of us spoke- but the Por taguese attempted to seize my throat with his 1 teeth; I caught him, however, by his hair, and wrenched .his head backwards, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and so overpower him. But the creature, although he had no strength to cope with me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and sund denly striking me a blow between the eyes, which made abundance of lights dance before them-I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and closing upon my windpipe. In the instinctive struggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tre mendous swing through the air, as the ship rolled violently below, made me clutch the ropes about me, or I should have been fung off intothe sea, like a stone froma sling. At that moment the grasp upon my throat re laxed,-and with a litheness and agility, which werelike the qualities of a monkey and a snake united in one creature-the Portugusesalid, as it were, from me, upon the main-royal stay, crawling and worming Limself along towards the other mast. But Jerry, who had by this time recovered the first faintness from his cut, kept his eye steadily upon the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied-" Ay, ay, I see him!" and, then, steadily taking aim, the exploion of the pistol re-echoed loudly, from saild to sail, and the Portuguese suddenly dropping his legs from the stay, hung to it by his hands only. "Stand from under," shouted Jerry, " and allow the villain to drop clear. He has stabbed me as he did Shambling Ned." Vasco uttered no sound, but he raised his legs again, seeking by a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope. His feet had. indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung as before by his hand., swingin dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutch ing the forerigging, not haring moved snce the knife of the Portuguese struck him. The watch upon deck having been aroused by Jerry's cries, and the report of the pistol. were running to- and-fro with lanterns, and some of them were ascending the rigging towards us, when Jerry roared out again " Stop-stop, every mother's son of you, where you are till the fcllew alls, and then stand by to pitch him oaereoard. The Portuguese heard this, for he turned round his head to Jerry, and I lsaw his white teeth, as the wretch grinned in his agony. The mate answered this look with a loud laugh. "aSome of you themre below," he cried, Sgo into the great cabin, bring up a flsagon of wine-and we'll drink to the murthering dor's speedy arrival in hell." The Portuguese now let go hold of therope withisrighthand-anduthen, as if to re serve his strength. hung for awhile with the left. I did not think that the man would have had such endurance in him, but he was of a light weight, and the muscles of his arm' were strong. All this time he never uttered a sound. Jerry, too, held his lpace, and the crew be. low waited in silence. wpith their lanterns glimmering on deek. There was something very solemn in all this-the trutgling and tossing ship-the rigid figurms of the seamen -the silence, exeept for the wind and waves, and the writhing remture waving in the air. At lrength, he uttered one lnoud shrill cry of mortal agony, which echoed again and again botween the sails, sad immediately afterwurda dropped h'tkte a stone. I heard the heavy thump with which he erashed down upon the deck. Descending as qmokly as I ould I found that Jerry, in spite of his weound, which was, however, oly a flash acut, waslt setnding over the lstuee, who lay all ddubled up where be fell. • Up with the hound, and over the aide with ham to the sharks? " samid Jerry, in a low stern voice. Immediately the poor wretch was plucked from the deck, and four sturdy fellows bore him to the bulwarks. He gpave as sin of life; bat just a they heaved him wafor thefat1 ewing, the lantears belha all geaming aroumdhim, I saw himhis?e?e still shut, make the stg of the a uspo hma forehed. ewnms, he t, still 51 The feourt 'eictionms who emeid to lihke t'he job well, gave the wretch a ,' three i" thundered the mate, and at the tlst word , Vaseo of 'iasbon wee hae a fathm am the ship's ?ie, into the hdling ea he j?ugd dam ite thehme, every one heard for e momesit. and no more, I such a cry as he utterel just before he fell I from the rigging. Then his voice was choked t for ever. I could hardly deny but that the Portt Sguess merited his fate; but the flinging overboard of a living man, without form of trial or condemnation, seemed a hasty and cruel deed. Nevertheless, none of theo crew, except myself, appeared to be of that opinion, and most of them said openly that it was a very good riddance, and that whether he had attempted the life of the mate or not, he was better in the sea than in the ship. As for Jerry, he had his wound which was, as I have said, a flesh cut on the shoulder-rubbed with brandy, and seemed to think no more about the matter. When my watch was up, I went below in no merry mood; and, presently, found an opportunity, while lying in my ham mock, which swung among near twoecore of similar sleeping places, to dispose of the pearls as Rumlbold had recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, and I had not yet slept, for the end of the wretched Portuguese was still in my head, when there was suddenly a great thumping over head on deck, and an outery for all hands to turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this summons, the sudden rousing of all the sleepers in the ship-how, in a moment, grim heads start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of. stalwart naked legs come down together, from a score of swinging hammocks upon the deck. But a sailor is soondressed; and, accordingly, two minutea had not gone by since I lay in my hammock, when I was at my post, staring over the weather bow at a small sloop, built very low, and which seemed to sail very quickly, which was running along with us,leaning over before the breeze, so that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about half a-dozen of sailors were running with sleepy scared looks, while the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upon the sea. I saw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had stumbled upon the "Saucy Sunan," was just lifting from the water, and driving in vapour volumes before the vied. In appeared that the mist had partially dispersed just before all hands were roused up, and that the look- out had directly spied the sloop, close to windward of us. If there had been leass wind and sea, our small friend would very speedily have shown us his stern, for the sharp bows and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing; but the heavy tumbling ridges of sea hove him so to leeward that he and no chance with a more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Range, mounting into the weather-mizen rigging, trumpet in hand, hailed to the sloop to surrender: and Jerry, in a breath, roared out to know if the guns forward were all ready. "She is a harco lonro-a Spanish express boat, comrades," he shoutel : "and wemust overhanl her despatches before we part com pany." Still the captain of the sloop made no sign, standing very staunchly by the steersman, and conning his ship. Once he motioned to the latter to put the helm down, as if he intended suddenly to luff, and go round on the other tack; but changing his mind, he glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Chiffon Rouge again hailed the sloop to surrender, but still without effect. and I observed that in a temporary lull of the breeze she was beginning to draw away from the ship. Then the bull-like voice of Jerry thundered out along the deck-" The first gun ready there-send your cold iron aboard of him !" Josinh Ward was the captain of the cannon by which I was stationed. His old dim eyes flashed up at the notion of a fray; and so, stooping over the gun and sheltering the priming from the Wind with his trembling hand, he glanced warily along the mass of iron as it pointed now up to .the zenith, now down tothe billows, accordinw to the motion of the ship, and at length suddenly dashed the burning end of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its flsme, and started back with the ex plosion, the carriage cracking and the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the dis charged cannon lay near the sentre of the deck, its grimed month yet hot and emoking. The discharge was a lucky one. The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and justthen a gust flying heavily over the sea, the canvas was rent from top to bottom with a lond, harsh shriek, and blew flattering in rage out of the bolt-rope. "Back the main topsail," cried Jerry. "The run is taken out of him." But just as the yard swung round, the captain of the sloop made but one leap down into his cabin, the skylight of which was open, and directly re-appeared, carrying in his hand a small metal box or casket. He had not taken a step upon the deck, when I heard the report of a carabine from our ship, and the Spaniard leaped three feet into the air, and fell in a heap upon the deck, above his burden. "That is the despatch box," quoth old Ward. "lie meant to fling it into the sea, but Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him." Just then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed in good Spanish that if any one of the crew ofjhe sloop dared to meddle with the box, he would hang every one of them no to the peak of their own vessel. . At that the Spanish sailors hastily retired in a body to the bows of the sloop, and our stern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing at bow and stern to unhook the tackles as she touched the water. Nixon had the command of the boat, and pulled right aboard the sloop, the crew offer. ing no resistance. The first thing he did when he got on deck was to wrench the despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through the body. and was dying fast. The poor fellow lay in his blood upon the deck, coughing from time to time, and sputtering the thick gore from his mouth. Meantime, Nixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and after examining them by means of one of his boat's crew, who spoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that the despatch-box was all safe, and contained adrices from St. Jnan, in Porto Rico, to Trunillo, under Cape Honduras, and that he ,would presently search the cabin for further information. Meantime another boat had been got into the water, and I was ordered to form one of the crew. Jerry himself was in the stern sheets, and presently we all leaped on board the Spaniard. The first thing the mate asked for was the despatch-bex. It was a very stout casket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a marline spike which he brought with him, Jerry very soon wrenched open the lid, and we, who were crowding about him, soon sow a good paorbt of letters, and despatches of difterent lengths, tied for the most part carefully with silk. and bearing huge seals with manifold devices. Jerry straightway sat him down upon the deck, and while the rest looked anxiously on, began wi-h great coolnepn to ernme the documents one by one. They eemed to be but of little interest, for as he reasl, his brows darkened, and he crumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where they were soon floating, like so many white birds between the sloop and the ship. At length he opened a paper, sealed with black and red wax, which he had no sooner seen than he started up, crying, " Ha, this will do, even though there be'no other!" And then stdfing the letters he had not read back into the box, which he gave me to carry, he askd,in a sudden fire tone, of one of the captured Spaniards, whether there wars an axe in the ship? Tbe mne nhrnkback frem the qensti. "Why, yn fool," continued the mate. in broken Spnish. "I am not going to chop off thy heid with it: but I tell thee what, if the az e be not forthooming speedily, I may dad means of making thee a head ashorter witnhlit.'? - ,, ? : enjamia Macktt," sa Jerry. ddreinmg one of the frnt boat's rew," I heard yoe bost the other night how peedily yoneouldfella tree in Virginia, Tabethe ae, sal prow thy words on the mast of this aloep." A this the Spaniards, who ghasemd by the gestres which pased what was to be do, et up very dismal lneatatirns, sad begas to conjure us, by all the saints, to leave them the means of getting to land. " You may get to land," replied Jerry, " very well under a jury-mast, but I intend that you shall be some time about it, or we shall have a score of pestilent armadilocs out swarming about our ears." In the meantime. laockett, who was a sturdy fellow as might be, first applied the axe to the standing rigging, and in a very short space the shrouds and stays, cut away from their fastenings at the bulwarks, col lapsed, as it were, round the mast, which being thus deprived of its supports, beganto sway and work with the rolling of the ship, crealkiu and cracking in its step. Then )Sackett. flinging aside his doublet, laid the broad bright axe to the wood with good will. The white chips glanced about the deck, and in a few moments a gash was cut so deeply into the mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. "Now," soys Hackett, stopping in his work, "which aide of the sloop shall I send the mast over " " Over any side, with a murrain to thee, so thou makest haste," answered Jerry. Mackett watched the roll of the seas narrowly, and just as the sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved up ander her keel, he struck the finishing blow with such good will that the axe sunk a couple of inches into the wood, and with a crack like a musket-shot, the mroast,' with all its appurtenances of rigging and fluttering canvas, fell crash ing into the sea, smashing to dust the light bulwarks of the sloop, and causin it to careen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to rub and rasp against the side of the vessel, impelled by the heaving of the swell. " And now, Spaniards," said Jerry, " you may get to Truxillo as speedily as you like, and give our compliments to the good folks there." With that we all got into our boats again ; most of the crew jeering at and flouting the disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as they stood like mrma bewildered upon the deck of their crippled slip. Before I went over the side, however. f rai.-d the head of the Spanish captain; the iman was quite dead, and becoming stiff and cold already. Our oars fell into the water, and the boats were speelily hloicted up to the davits of the Saucy Susan. Then Jerry. going aft, touched his hat to Lo Chiffon Rouge very ceremoniously, and presented him with the casket of despatches anl the particular letter which he had read, the ship all this time lying to, but gradually drifting to leeward of the barco longo, which now exposed but little surface to the wind. After a pretty long communion betwen theso two worthies, Le Chiffon Roureordered the boat swain to call all hands, and presently the whole crew were grouped round the mainmast. Then the captain, taking off his hat, began to make one of his usual speeches, a part of his duty, in fact, which he appeared fond of, being of a long-winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The main points of what he now said were as follows: The Saucy Susan, as thor all knew. was bound on a crue to the Mosquito and Honduras coast, but, happily, they were their own masters, and could change their cruising ground as often as they thought fit. Well, here were certain des.patches newly captured from the " Barco Longo," as one of them related to a rich Spanish chip which wras shortly expected in these sras, the caup tain proposed that it be read aloud in English, for the benefit of Messieurs the adventurers, that, upon knowing the contents of the paper, they might determine as they thought fit. The crew received this oration with signs of great satisfaction, and one or two cried out. "Ay, ar, translate the Don's patter, and then we will consider." Upon this, Lo Chiffon Rouge made a sign to Rumbald, who came forward, and placed the important letter in the pearl merchant's hands. Rum bold looked at the manuscript, which was written in a fair hand, and then read out very fluently as follows: From my House at Ferrol. Upon such a date. Good and trusty Manunal "You have been absent at the mines in Darien, when in sadness and sorrow, I re. turned to the main land in the lone-boat of the great galleon, reft of all the treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plun dering heretics, who, for our sins, the saints permit to infest the Indian seas, I was not able personally to let you know the particu lars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I had but small time and less heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaching Porto Bello, to which place we rcadded before the wind, which was bois terous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were so favoured as to avoid all pirates, flebustiers, and buccaneers, and sail very prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching the Carthagena galleon, that was indeed a heavy loss, and I have made it my petition to the King that be will cause repre cntations to be sent to their Majesties of England and France touching the con duct and bearing of their subjects in our Indian seas. The manner of our capture was very sudden. Two days' sail from Car thagena, we beatingto windward, a sail was descried an hour before sunset, but which vanished before the dusk closed, so that little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captain of the galleon assuring me that all was well, and a very good look-out kept from all parts of the ship. But truly, our look-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes. foras I was dozing, just after having heard midnight chime from the clock in the great cabin, and looking half.asleep, half-awake at the lamp as it swung to and fro, and made strange glimmerings and shadows upon the tapestries, I suddenly heard a tremendous outcry, and the running of feet upon the deck above, and then. Manual, a volley of musketry, and one of those savage" hurrahs" which are the war-cry of the English. followed almost on the instant by a check which made the great galleon tremble and surge from side to side. At that moment there came flying down the cabin-stairs our friend Collado, of the Hermitage 'lantation, his face like unto grey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruined and undone, for that whilethe watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by the calmness of the weather,a pirate sEchoener had uddemly laid the galtleoon n board, and that our good cap tain had fallen in the very volley I had just heard diacharged. "But even while he was speaking the up roar on deck was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping as the sidee of the two vessels encountered when they rolled, and the ficere outcries and clash of steel, and frequent pistol and carbine shots fired while the pirates were clambering up our lofty sides and leaping upon the deck. They were devils, Maunal. No man could riesst them. They yelled and fought, and seemed to de spise t(heir lives; and aeeordingly, in a mo meant, and ere I could even put on my gar ments, in came the sposilers, runhino down the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old man. naked to the waist, and with a handkerchief twisted round his grey hair, leading thiem on, sword and pistol so hand. Thus were we constrained to surrender. "Nevertheleass, Manual, I must do our spoilers this justice: they sought not to harm our persons, and were even (in their way) courteous to us their prioners. This I s3ay spenially of the leader, who was of lofty and somewhat dipgnified aspectc, and whom they called 'Captain Jem.' and sometimes ' Stout Jem.' " Henre Rumbold made a pause, as if to aongh, and glanred stity at me. Oh, how my heart leaped as I listened. Hontest, nobleCaptain Jem! No prieners but what waul have serey and courtesy at thy hands! RnmiseM eotinued-- . S:'Zbfaold man pr?easently abred to seak with me privtrely, and, quoti. he, 'It?here was idoe of ou?erew aptured bySpanhards at Cathelgea; tell me, truly, ic he dead or alivel" At this I bethought me that there had been, indeed, an English prisoner ex-I amined at the alcaide's; for that strange man, Don Jas, had informed me of the fact, st also that the Englishman behavred ry boldly when put to his trial; and this I told to the pirate cap tain, adding, that I understood that he had made his escape into the woods, and, although he had been seen in the streets of Carthagena at night, and hotly pursued. yet that he had given all his followers the slip, and got clear off, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my hand in a strange fashion, and whispering me, 'I loved that young man ao though I were his parent,' added, ' We make war upon you Spaniards, but we are no thieves: therefore lot each man of you take his clothes and his private stock of money, and descend speedily into the boats. The ship and cargo we claim. but not the private goods of passengers and crew. "I give thee all these particulars, good Manual, because thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find them tedious. And so, prc?rutly, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and saw the galleon and the schooner trin their course for Jamaica. So far touching ouar dsaster; now to another matter." n" Ana the matter which concerns us moet, shipmates," said Jersy. "(; Go on, Mr. IRum bold." I give the latter part of the letter with all its details although the information involved in it came at lasto nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused us to change our plans, and indirectly led to the locs of the ship. The letter then ran som,:what as follows : "dAnd now, goo nnll anua, our treund and correspondent, Juan Granada, of this tons, designing speedily to send forth a goodly ship, bound to Truxillo, and laden with wines, cloths, laes, and divers sorts of goods proper for the Indian markets, I have adrised himr that he should cause her to pause in her course at a certain barren cluster of islets to windward of the Dutch possession of Curaeos, and considerably to the east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, as I learn, do not often sail to windward of the Gulf of Veuezu'a. These islets are called Isers t,o .Ace.', or Bird Islets. I have Landed upon thle.,: they are not inhabited, save by countless flocks of sea birds, and they are full of good harbours and creeks, where a ship may commodiously ride at anchor. My advice, then, to Juan Gramada, and he hath taken it, was to let his ship pause at these islands, her captain having been there once beforee; and that, in the meantimne, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a tortnight after the ship sails from Spain, do despatch an agent in whom you can put trust in agood pirsgua, or small sailing eloop, to the Isles des Ares, bearing intelligence as to whether the seas westward be pretty clear, so as t, make the run across the Gulf of Darien as safe as possible. In case of your agent bringing unfavourable or doubtful tidings, then the captain of Gramada's ship has instructions to direct the course of the vessel to any other port in New Spain, or to the liavannab, as you may think fit, slhi.re the wares can be disposl of to advantage." These were the chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matters not of interest to cnr of us. But I started again when I heard the name of the writer pronouneed. It was Pedro Davosa. Whneu Rumbold had ceased reading, Jerry took up the word. "Now, comrades." quoth he, "you have hea-d the news. What soy ye, shall we coantire oer course to the south west, or is there enough in that letter to make us haul our wind and beat, up for the Isels des Aces I tell you that a caro seu:h as the writer mentioneth is worth looking- for, and it may be that we shall in the meantime light upon prey as valuable running down from the islands as we should have met upon the coast of the main." Upon this, Josiah Ward, being one of the oldest men on board, gave an his opinion that we ought to steer eastward for the Isles des Aces, keeping not far from the mouth of the Gulf of Venezuela. a bay which many Spanish ships were wont to enter and depart fiom. This seemed to settle the matter. The main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to south east, and then, with a hearty cheer as an opening to our new cruise, we moved away, leaving the Biarco Longo, with her over thrown mast, sadly drifting on the sea. , O To r coN::,rgD. 