waking dreams and other i illusions. Scxbnob has done much to show that the old belief iu apparitions rested on nothing more toto illative fancies often teraltiug from physical derangement, and we fiuf j «penoau>qn#c 4aaipe ciouauou ui mtenes, m io beoundtn atufiy of tofe.phyriwqgy of tooervfea aim ti the mind. To illusions witliin a brietspace, we may noglli bv selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, 6uch as have been recorded for instruction and edification iu the pages of toe physiologist. One of the best known cases— derivingits interest fromtbefact that thesubjectof toe visitations in question him self narrates the facte — is that of Kicolai, a wriHuio wii uli/.eu add boukreUer t»T Berlin; who read an account of his case before the Berlin Academy of Sciences. We shall give the account in his own words. "During the few 4atfcer months of tire year 1?99, 1 says Kicolai, "I lmd experienced several melanch'riy Iqidpi MnCh deeflly affected me, particulnrly in September, from winch time 1 suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that affected me with the must poignant gnef. I was accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this had been done once on the 9tb of July, but was omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1790. ... I had, in Januanr and February of the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant circv- stances, which were followed on the 24uj of February by a most violect altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in the morning in order to console me; but I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most power fully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, 1 perceived at about tliejdistance of ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It was but natural that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being ex tremely exhausted, fell into a restlsss sleep, which lasted about half-an-hour. The phy sician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return ; but the violent agitation of my mind had in 6ome way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more miuute description. "At four in the afternoon, the form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. 1 was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, bow- ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented Itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers ; those whom 1 knew were composed of livioc and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively smalL . . When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them with my eyes closed ; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. They all appeared to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dresses, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature ; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent shape, and 6ome present ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, tbe more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after thev had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more frequently tbey addressed their discourse to me ; their speeches being uncommonly short and never of an. unpleasant turn. At different times then appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both sexes, whose addresses tended to appease my grief, which had not yet wholly subsided ; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed tome when I was alone. Sometimes, however, 1 was accosted by these consoling friends while I was engaged in company, and not unfrequdntly " while real persons were speak ing to me. The consolatory addresses con sisted sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times thev were regularly executed." Such was Mcolai's account of the phantom-visitors who addressed and con soled him in his domestic affliction. It is interesting to pursue still further his sccountof their disappearance. Tiie reader will recollect that Nicolni had neglected to repeat nt the end of 1790 the blood-letting in which it was customary in the days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at lost decided that leeches should be used, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven o'clock in tiie morning. Nicolai informs us tbe operation was penonned. " No jierson," he continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, hut during the oj>e ration my chamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. Tins continued unin terruptedly till about half an hour after four o'clock, just when my digestion com menced. I then perceived' that thcyliegan to move more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock tbey were entirely white. But t-hey moved very little, though the forms were as distinct as 1>efore, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in number, as had generally been the case. They now seemed to dissolve in the air. while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nicolai, "I have felt twice or three times a sensation as if tlicy were going to reappear, without, however! actually seeing anything. The same sensation surprised me just before I drew up this account while I was examining some paper? relative to these phenomena, which 1 had drawn up in the year 1791." Such is a historical account of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reason able individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will be advisable to give one or two further examples of the phenomena in question. On the occasion of the fire which destroyed part of the Crystal Palace in tiie winter of 1806-7, part of the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flames. The chimpanzee, however, was believed to have escaped from his cage and was presently seen on the roof endeavour ing to save himself by clutching in wild despair one of the iron beams which tiie fire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watched with an intense curiosity, mingled with horror and sym pathy for tho supposed fate which awaited the unfortunate monkey. What was the surprise of the spectators of an imminent tragedy to find tliat the object which in the guise of a terrified ape had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of nanvas blind, so tattered, that to the eye of tbe imagination, and when moved by tiie wind, it presented tiie exact counterpart of a struggling animal ! Such an example is of especial interest, because it proves to us that not one person alone, but a large number of spectators, may be deceived by an object imperfectiv eeen,«nd aided in tiie illusion bva virid imagination, into fancying all the 'details of x sptotacle of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. A singular case has been given on strict medical authority of a ladj, who, walking fomnPenrhyn to Falmouth— her mind being occupied with the subject of drinlring fountains— was certain she saw in tiie road jiMy-erectea fountain, bearing the in- sqtipn, "If any man thirst, letifim come unto roe and drmk." As amatter of oouree to mentioned her interest in seeing such angtogpon $o the daugb tera of the gentle- foahTOO yha supposed to have pUcedthe fountoln in JtepositiotL They assured her HmfipjBiiab fountain was in existence; iSravincedoftiiB reality ,of her senses ffflW&a;&nd; tiiafc "seeing is believing," fevHie spot where toe had seen teTpumaSn, «fly to find, however, a few in plaee of the expected SpBlflSy --foi io consider tiie gomifaflpxpTwmJion of each curious kuman existence. The ipTOiaffleselauacmaare not idifficuH to . reality depend In An ordinary LWimmSraaOxL oaaksoortoeamng IB '' :V"'7- I clear, let us briefly consider what takes Elace iu ordinary sensation, when we see or ear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an object transfers an impression of that objeot to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of tight, which leads from the eye to the part Of the brain exercising toe flfegM <£ sight, Wd in reality db tibtwe with tne eye. Tbfet organ is merely fen arrangement of lenfees adapted to rebeivfe, foCdE, fend other; wise adjust rays o?Mfcbt ttoeKming from tiie objects we see. The function of the eye is simply thatof adjusting and correlat ing the conditions necessary for the pro duction of an impression. This impression is carried in due course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation— thatof sight. Be thus truly see not with the eye, but with the brain; or rather wr th that portion of rae brain which lies in direct relation with the nerves of sight. The eve represents the lenses of the photographer's camera ; but tiie brain corresponds to the sensitive plate which receives the image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, tiie same prominent feature may a60 be ex pressed — namely, that in the brain and not in tbe mere organ of sense must be allocated the true seat of knowledge. The ear modi fies waves of sound; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hearing. The finger touches an object; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at tbe extremity of the hand. Tiie impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, there to be analysed, com mented upon, and if necessary, acted upoa as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact thnt the brain is the true seat of the senses, rests the whole explanntion of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are conscious of look ing at a real object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have seen. Such a sensation we call an " objective " one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So olso, when we hear a tune played by a person whom we sec, or of whose existence, even when unseen, wo entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called "subjective." But there are many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day- dreamer can some times bring tiie scenes in which he lias once taken part so vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actuallybe broken by the words which unconsciously flow from his lips as his imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imita tion of a still more powerful means which wc possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes which have once been objectively present with us. In the dream tliis power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproduc ing. or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends or its fancy to form the ludicrous combinations wc are familiar with in the "land of Nod." And if we cany tbe idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form tiie ghosts of science, the explanation of the otherwise curious and mysterious sub ject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain has the ordi nary power of forming images which may be projected outwards in the form of the fancies of every -day life. But these pro jected fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requisite conditions. Wiien we hear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, an(l scientifically wc say thnt the sensation of hearing in eucIi a case is an internal or sub jective one. When we see flashes of light which have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to he gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nicolai. like the sparks or flashes of light, are subjective sensations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain, wbicb would have received tbe im pressions of sight had the objects in ques tion had an actual existence. But the subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. J Primarily, it will be found that- illusive visions appear only when the health of thesubjectof these visitations is in a weakly state. The de rangement of the henllh is the primary cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the phantasms' of Nicolai were jwrsons whom he knew. Such visions then may be .6up>osed to simply represent the effects of very recent images which had been received and stored in the brain, nnd which were evolved by the exercise of un conscious memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark rnav lie umde — memory ngnin re producing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may l>e asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were images or conceptions of )>ersons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whom he could not rememlier; mys terious reproductions, by the brain, 'of events which had been impressed thereon, but which had escape remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom Nicolai may have simply heard described, could b'e thus produced, and present apjwjrently the images of persons with whom he wn's not. as a matter of con scious memory, familiar. The brain, in oMier words, registers and remembers more thin memory can evolve ; and it iFreason- a de to conceive that forgotten images of minge or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicol&i;'e waking dreams. It is noteworthy that, only after a long period of visitation from his fantastic friends did Nicolui begin to hear them speak. Thus, the sense of hearing had also come in time jo lend its aid in propa gating the illusions ; and the fact that the visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the un conscious action of a mind which was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from within itself the com fort and consolation of kindly friends. Last- of all, that the material basis of these visionary friends resided in tho weakly body of their host is proved by their dis appearance on the resumption of the custo mary blood-letting and the improvement of the health — an additional fact- shoning the relation of the Jiealthy body to the sound mind. All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as the creatures of nn imagina tion which, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions fonvard on the Beats of sense, as the y ringing " in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing-centre of the brain. Tbe known vision is a reproduc tion of the present memory, and the un known vision is tiie reproduction of a forgotten figure which lias nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science ma'y thus— as we have liefore had frequent occasion lo assure our readers —dispel tiie illusion by its free explana tion ; and science has no higher function or nobler use than when, by its aid, e subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious and brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge. 