Rev. William Clarke. - A welcome was given to .-the Bar.' William Clarke, president o! the New.South Wales And Queensland Conference, in thai school-hall attached to the Albert street Weeley an Ghnxoh on Friday week. Mr. Clarke's visit to Bris bane is in connection with the annual district meeting. Mr. Clarke conducted service in the Albert street Wesleyan -Church . on Sonday morning- - There was a fairly- large congregation. The words, "Not by-might, nor by power, but by Myr spirit,: Baith the Lord of Hosts" (Zecb. iv. 6), formed, the text, and dating the course of Iris remarks: the rev. gentleman said that those words were spokento encourage Zembbabel in the hnilding of a temple It might appear that there", was some tautology in the words, " Not by. might nor by power," bat' in -the: margin neartthe text the word "army" was written, to heread in place of " might?': It was, therefore, evident that the great work of Zerubbabel-was not to be accomplished btr! anything that ;W£B human. Some people said .-.that in order to bring, about thb- milleninm there must be perfect ciicnmatancea which will largely produce perfect character. The; said that-the masses.were enslaved.by.the money interest, and if there, was only delivery.from that slavery there would be at once! the mil leninm. If aU the workmen were-to be given eight hours for labour, eight horns, for recrea tion, end eight hoars for ."sleep,-then, there would-be a better state of things morally. Another man said that all that was. neoestary was that there should bo equality as regards the rights'of property. That .would lead to perfect character. Those, persona forgctthat there was at one time equality amongst* the Jews as regards the rights of property, and in India it was so to-day to. a certain extent. Bnt still they found evils in India,'seven under those circumstances, the same as there were in the Jewish monarchy and the Jewish common wealth. In all these ideas, however, tha- at tempt to regenerate society was commenced at tho circumference, with the pnrpose.of working . towards the centre, while in the system of Jesus Christ the work. was commenced at the centre, giving new Hie in the heart, and then working towards the circnmfsrehce. Some times they were told that what was needed to produce perfect circumstances .was legislative enactment. Set in saying that :they lost aigbt of the faot that in old Englanclthe'laws "were harsh, omel, and in many instances tinjoat and unrighteous. To-day they had a milder Gov ernment and more just laws. The gaols .were models of comfort, and they were twitted of paying more attention to criminals than they did to poverty. Bat with all their legislative enactments there was still evil in the world. In New South Wales they had a law closing publio-housee on the 3abbath Day,' and a very good law it was, bnt the persona .who loved drink were not sober on that day. any more than on others. No; it was impossible to make men moral by Aet of Parliament. ,Tho faot was that evil was to he found in the heart, and it most be eradicated from there. The law might subdue evil, bnt it never conquered it. Tho only power that would make a' community moral was the power of tha Holy Ghost. They were told, too, that civilisation was going to do a great deal, buthad .it ever struck them that oivfiisatloa brought them into a kind of slavery. The rloh man filled his house with all birds of things which could be bought with money, and be became their clave beoanse ha oould not do without them; aud were they not all elavea to fashion, dress, and the convention alitiea of societies. Civilisation was all very well, bat it would never regenerate man * h;art. It wonld only tonch the surface. It had no power' to penetrate. A great deal of evil might be relegated to the background, but it was there just the same. They were told, also that all that was necessary was to teach' mentheeviUof sin, and then there wooidsoonbea porfect community; hat saoh teaching did not prevent men from becoming drunkards. There were men of talent and genius who were drunk ards. Learning and culture were all very good, and ought to be enoouraged,. but they alone would not do what is necessary for re generation. The only' power by whioh tty ~ TOtld could be raised and made better was the .power from on high—that was the only power J.which, could beautify the world and make it divine. They did not want new gospels, or sew methols, but new life. Persons talked about creeds, dogmas, and doctrines, and that ^1 wasallVery well, but they wanted more life in ^'• th'em. Some people said there was not the same Vwarmth in the pulpit that there used to be, but "he said, M Give its more warmth iu the pew, and there will be more warmth in the pulpit" < They.did sot'want more organisation. They ''dM n'nt want more channel?, or more vessels, but ^Tthey'wanted the vessels filled with divine 'things, "id the channel? filled with living \ water from the throne of God. Iu concluding lie prayed for an outpouring of the spirit of God on the community. In the evening the . rev. gentleman preached to a large congrega :" tion in the Yalley Wesleyau Churoh. 