SPIRIT PHOTG&liAPHS.; (FAIi MAlt BTJ985T.) Spiritualism has received a great impetus by tlie exhibition of pfcotogrephs cf spirits since the Paris Congress- Credulous people at once began to tare strange visions, founded on the belief that however tricky mediums might be, the photographic plate cannot tie. Bat it kas «r can bs made to adopt the Balfocriaa habit of concealing the truth. However sceptical a person may oe, should he visit the eiudio. of Mr. Salmon, in East Putney, he will ba inclined to exclaim ' There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in onr philo sophy.' There will be shown by the cour teous artist a photograph of a young man who committed suicide in a garden, the bottle that contained the fatal laudanum lying on the ground near bis ' hand. Over the body hovers the disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity for the clay beneath. The epirit, inpalpable asd misty, is what the Scotch call the wraith, a belief that has been handed down from the ancient Egyptians. Another photograph is that of a man seated at a table, while ooppsite, with the head resting on its elbows, .efts a spirit. So immaterial is the latter that the part ?£ the table between its body (if a epirit has a body) and elbows can be seen through the arms. Scores 'of other photo graphs were shown to the interviewer — spirits hovering1 round persons, floating in the air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with uplifted finger as if warning against disaster. ' But surely the people 'whfl receive each visitants emffer consideralne nervous prostra tion, and they certainly look happier than the spirits?' The artist, with a laugh, replied, ' They never see the spirite at alL I manufacture the ghosts myself. I expect yon to be surprised, but T hope not as indig nant as a celebrated lady in the spiritualistic worli, -who called upon me a few days ago. She -was a firm believer in spiritualism, and -was partly converted by some ef my published photographs. Having hunted me for some time she found me here, and wanted me to photograph the spirits who visited her. She regarded me -with, some amount of awe as a dealer in the uncanny sights of. the world ; bat herTeverenee coon disappeared when I explained my process.' ' How ooyou produce a spirit photo graph ?'—' Well, -there are several ways. This one,' he said, painting to a man in a ?hair asleep with a spirit standing near him, ' was done by first photographing' a mam in tiie ordinary way -with, a block (doth back ground. Then another person draped in ghostly garments stands in the required position, but a little «ut of focus to prevent the outlines being too sharp and cor poreal. Light is thea only on the epirit, and the same negative as used before is ex posed a second tame, and all the rest ?£ the fialA being black, the spirit only is photo graphed. Of ?ourso,. the second exposure is longer than with ordinary amount ef light, bnt this adds to the ghostniwas.' ' Bnt hew do you make them so impal pable and tiiisanny?'' ' The room must fee perfectly dark, and on the ghost *nly a ray of sunlight falls; while dose to the leas a sheet of fine gauze is bung, and it is the gauze -which gives a «lo«d-like, luminous appearanoe.t* ins epirit's ?jriJiaea-' ' This cannot be done in a dark roomvfor it is broad dayBght, and yet the spirit is ad dressing the man is the garden seat j and the rails of the seat can be see* through the spirit's form?'— 'No. in eu«h a pietue I have to take the photograph and expose it a second time, the man still in the same position, »nly the ghost is added. If ghost and man were taken together, the rails would not appear through the spirit s form. I have etill another method. Look at this.' It was a pafchetU photograph «f a laiy looking -with piteous eyes at the head of a child posed as if coming headforemost from heaven. ' ' Tkls is a popular mpe,' said the artist, 'sugges- tive ef the inter-coarse between living and dead, but the most material c: all in prepara tion. The spirit head is only that «f a -wax doll, rather out of fce&t;, to -prevent it being recognised as such. This Is photographed first, and the place on the ground glass out side the plate is marked, so that whem the sitter comes ehe takes such a position that the angel head ready to greet her, when it is printed off, is not interfered with at the eeeond expoeuie. A similar method is msed in this ene. It-was called ' The Ghost of the Bil liard-rsojB,' in which the forerunner *f Roberts is standing at the elbow ef a player, whether to max or make the stroke does not appear.' ' 'WnainTna do not fcless you, Mr. Salmon, I suppose f' ' No, I am anathema to them, bat next mouth some spirit photographs are to be reproduced in the ' medium ' of a girl seen at several settees and marked -with a sabre eut on her face, proving her identity. I shall also tpifii a stroke ef paint on my spirit's face produce seme photographs jamilar to those 'promised next month, and 1 am quite eure they will Ik produced in fee earns way. The abeve sketch was taken yesterday, the hand of death covering the lady't: face, which can be sesm. thzougb. tlie femr daws.'' ' 