GEORGE BUBEAR. j England's Ex-Champion Soulier. A Chat With England'a Only Oarsman, Tho Question of tho Championship. G eorue Bubeak, tho leading English Bcullcr, from whom Neil Mnttcrson recontly wrested the championship of England on the Thames, dropped into the Star office yesterday afternoon, on his arrival from Eng- land. J he cx-oliampinnof England is a robust, well-built, solid Englishman, and looks in fairly good health after his voyage. Tin's is his first visit to Australia, ami it is needless' to say that he is prepared to coniliino business with pleasure should any .suitable oiler cmnc from any of our hoys. Uuhoar, however, cutertaina a very high opinion of Australian scullers, hence lie has not a very great anxiety to try conclusions with our foremost men, at lohst not until ho has time to get into something like form, and have a good look arouiul and see how tho land lies. The ox-champion reached Sydney yesterday morning by tlio R.M.S. Oroya. As we announced in our telegraphic news, lie spent a day or so 111 Melbourne, where he had a look around the sights of the city by the Yurie. It is a sad reflection 011 tho hospitality of our rowing men that nobody turned up to givo the Englishman oven tho ghost of a wclcoino to our shores ; hut it is to be hoped that this will lie compensated for now that Bubcar is located for the present amongst, us. A few words about the chief representa tive of English sculling may not bo un interesting. 1'iihcar did not tako to rowing until when, us a youiig man, lie arrived in London from his native village, Croditon, in Devon shire. He is now in his 31st year, stands lift- Willi. niwl tt'nirrlia Mn t,nt nearer l.'Jst. than 12st. " Who is host entitled to claim tlie cham pionship?" inquired a representative of tho Star." "I think it shouldbo rowed for in asweop. stake by tho scullors of tho world," was the reply. " Where ?" " On The Parramattn. Poor Scarle won it- here, and brought it hack, -and if tho Americans want it let them come out hero for it;" " What do you think of O'Connor ?" " A good man, who will take a lot of beating; but, I say, his defeat by Soarlo was a tako down for the Americans." "Thoy dropped somo dollars, eh ?" "Yes, they had him backed very heavily ; I don't suppose there over was so much money on a ratio before,"', " And O'Connor is the best of the Ameri cans?". "Yes, O'Connor is ahead of Gaiidaur, Teenier, aud the others. Tccmor, by tlie way, was not well when ho rowed that race with Beach for tho sweepstake on tlio Thames. He bail been knocking about up to a week before, and L know a man could not got into form within a week." "That account;) for Teemer's bad show, on tlio oeoasion. W hat. about Hanlan ?" " Ay oil; Hanlan put up a good record hi his timo; but lie never met the sbiillcrs you como across now-u-days. In his best days I don't think Hanlan ever canto near Beach." .. .. " How do you feel after your voyage ?" "I thiiik l liavo fallen off from rowing form lately, I fool sure of it, and do not know how to account for it oitlicr. I liavo fallen, off before, just in tho s'anio way. I rehioiqbor that in J8S4 and 1885 1 full into very jioor form ; such poor form that I wasn't worth, a glass of cold gin. But I pulled up splendidly, and between 188(1 aitd 1887 1 was in oxcellunt condition. J twos about that time that I heat IComp and Noilson, but.Boach gavo me a bcatiiig'then; In 18S7 I boat Perkins. After that I went to AmcHuq and beat Ross." " When do you think you will row out herd?" ' " Well, I feel that I will not bo able to row for sevoral months. -In 'fact, I fnnoy ,your men are too good for 1110 ; but I mean to have a look around, and if anything suit able offers at which ljthink I have a chance I will try." : "Wo ought to bo able to get a man to match against you. There urc plenty of scullers besides Mattorson— M 'Loan, for .instance." "Yes, yoii find somo good men out. lioro, and I don't know where you got them from," said Bubcar with a smilo. "It must be the climate," coiitiuucd he, " that develops them. Anyhow, you produco them some how." " What-do you think about O'Connor's claim to the championship ?" " Well, I really do not see why O'Connor should liavo the .championship given to him. I think he ought to como hero tuul row for it; hut if thord is one limn before another who should have it I think that O'Couuor is tho man. But then Kemp 1ms u claim to it. The fairest way is a Hwcepstake." " Will .you outer if a sweepstake is arranged for the championship ?" "So long as the entrance fee is not too high, and there is a good sweopstakc, I don't at all mind entering, hut I am think- ing that the men who will enter are a bit too good for mo. It's no uso wasting time and money training for a defeat." Tlio ex-cliumpion considers that tho sport of sculling is dying out in .England. "Tliero is nobody there now," said lie; "nobody at all." " Any. on the Tyno ?" "No; tho last raco I rowod thero I gave the local mau lOscc. start, and beat him hands down." Bubcar has not brought out any English- madu boats or sculls, as I10 considers that from what he' has seen of tho colonial-built shells taken to England by Australian scullers they urc as good, if not bettor, than English-made. Should ho theroforo mako any matches, ha will have racing-shells built hero. About probable matches, ho said that, while glancing through a Sydney journal during tho voyage out, lie noticed a short paragraph which stated that Elins Laycoek, although 44 years of age, would he willing to row Bubcar. "If mieli bo true," said Bubear, "I am perfectly willing to make a match with the Australian, providing ho gives me my own stated time to get thoroughly fit." "Of course, you know," lie continued, "the climate may not ugrco with me for some time, and then uuvono whom I may be matched against would have a great advantage, so that is my solo reason for intending to refrain from match making for a while, unless, of course, Laycoek is very anxious to meet me." And tlio visitor having to fulfil an en gagement, shook bonds and parted. 