ARCHDEACON FARRAR MODERN PREACHING. ON (NEWYOBE FONCM.) We live iu times when nearly all know how to read, and when excellent books are within the easy reach even of the poorest, Nothing is more fetal to the pulpit than that in the very subjects with which it deals, it should be surpassed in knowledge by the pew. The printing-press must inevitably be a formidable antagonist to the autocratic dogmatism of the sermon. In days when a preacher might fairly be convinced that his training placed him immensely above the standpoint of his hearers, and that in learning and knowledge he was necessarily a Triton among minnows, he might be excused for adopting a somewhat dictatorial tone, and for assuming that his ipse dixit was sufficient to dominate over the opinions of his auditors. But when a preacher chooses to adopt such a style in these a few are sure to be found, even in village congregations, who have a right to say of him, " Mais, nous avons changc tout cela." Nothing is more offensive in the modern preacher, especially when he is young and raw and ignorant, than the assumption of any light to lay down tho law on disputed topics. He should rather endeavor to convince, and to illustrate, and to persuade, and to win. The pulpit is no longer a coward's castle. The preacher can be answered, if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self-important assertions will be taken only for what they are worth. Exposure will sooner or later await bis incompetence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of his authority, but of his conceit. Nothing will tell more powerfully and more deservedly against tho modern preacher than for him to give himself airs of the mediaeval inquisitor or the domineering priest. There are two great departments of knowledge which preachers are constantly tempted to invade, with no better equipment than that of a traditional and uninstructed opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more offensive by being ornamented with a smattering of impossible apologetics. They are the domains of science and of biblical criticism. In both domains numberless priests, and even whole generations oT priests and religious teachers, have maintained and enforced views which are entirely false. The beacon light of progress over every such sunken reef of persecuting ignorance should serve as warning to the modern teacher to avoid the arrogance of a nescience which takes itself for knowledge and denounces what it cannot understand. It is perfectly true to say thai there is, and can be no antagonism between the Church and science, and at the eame time there is no more deplorable fact than the hostilityio science; which has been "displayed'century p.ftor' pentury by tbfe immense Majority of, the..Church's representatives. Not -a few,' indeed, nf the martyrs of science have themselves been priests—among them Roger Bacon,- one of the greatest of them all; but this has not saved them from years of anguish and persecution, inflicted upon them by the inflated and ignorant intolerance of their brethren. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has sufficient honesty to accept facts, can possibly deny that scarcely a single truth of capital importance in science has ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the fury of theological dogmatists. In every instance tho dogmatists have been ignominiously defeated. The world moved, as Galileo said it did, in spite of the Inquisition. A great pnritan divine thought that ho bad checked the progress of astronomical inquiry when he said that he pireferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton ; yet Newton was absolutely right and the puritan divine waB hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulmicated anathemas Against tbe early geologists ; and one religiou3 controversialist—with the ex- ; q^isite culture and suavity w^iph.njsvcts the ordinary Jangnage«of Soii-euificient bigots —satisfied himself that during the ages which preceded the creation "God had been preparing a hell for the geologist." Yet, before 80 years had elapsed, the rejection of the truths which paleontology had revealed would have been regarded ^as the mark of an idiot. The men of .scienco quietly advanced In their sacred task of de- ciphering the letters which God had inscribed upon the rocky tablets of the earth, leaving the theologians to square their bibical objections with the new revelation as best they could. In our own time, to give but one instance more, we have heard from preachers, and sometimes from men who could barely scrape through the matriculation examination of a tenthrate college, the most furious denunciations of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution. Darwin himself opposed to those tirades the silence of a magnanimity too noble even for tho indulgence of private disdain. And already hot a few leading theologians adopt the theory of evolution as one which can be applied in even wider regions than those of physics. Let the modern preacher learn a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of judgment from tbe disastrous annals of the past. His curses, like chickens, will only come home to roost. No truth of scienco can collide with any truth of religion. God has revealed Himself in nature, of which science is tho interpreter, as He has revealed Himself in Scripture, of which theology is the exponent. If men of science have misread for a time the teachings of God's works, theologians have demonstratably erred—and that far more egregiously, and for ages together, and with far more disastrous consequences—as to the true meaning of God's W3rd. God speaks in many voices and has more books than one. Let all religious teachers, above all let ignorant and unscientific teachers, abdicate at once their insolent pretentions to decide ex cathedra on new scientific discoveries and theories. They are wholly incompotent to pronounce any opinion upon them. Let them leave to eciccce the things that belong to science. Science is perfectly able to take care of herself. If her sons are often hasty in their inductions and generalisa- tions, they have no monopoly of error. The light of God will show what their opinions are worth. If those opinions be erroneous, they will be refuted on scientific grounds; and the lesson of historic experience proves that if they be correct, all other weapons, whether they pretend to be sacred or not, will be of no avail against them. When, as is too often the case, a preacher poses as "Sir Oracle" againBt some scientific theory, while he is as conspicuously ignorant of science as he is of most other subjects, he presents a spectacle which is ridiculous alike to gods and men. 