LEONARD LINDSAY ' ' ©8 THE STOBY OF A BUCCANEER. ": BY 1 ; ANGUS B. BEACH. CHAPTER Vm.- (CoiraiKiJED.) "With. this, mates, Ned Purvis walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply. The rest of the mew were whisper ing in groups upon the forecastle, and the , poor old captain was standing wringing his hands beside the. magic boat. So, presently, 3Ted moke to two or three of toe men, ana I they shook hands with him and promised to f stand by him- Then he went down to his L berth and took ont, a great pistol, and care- ' f»Hj examined the lock and cleaned it; after wards he opened his chest, and produced from if a bright Spanish dollar. This he Simmered into a round ball, and with it, Instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the pistol. So presently, armed in this fashion, hTcsme oa deck, the men following him by ' apes and .twos, and .marched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at. the door. " What do you want here?" quoth the old man ; "take my advice, and let him alone." "No,"<says Ned, "I brought him here, Kxd TQ make you rid of him ; and so say ing-, be put the old man aside, end entered the qabiii. It was almost dark, but the light M»i iiuo wuiuomo DO>iuu uviru viutiugu buo fikyfight, and showed the strange passenger mUing there, as the captain had described, with his back to the rudder-case. ''u Ned Purvis marched heavily in, and the phantom, or whatever it was, looked up at mm, and so they remained for more than a minute staring into each other's eyes. The nKen were watching them over each, other's fihonld&a; at the door. 44 4 Foul weather Don,' says Ned at last, as bold as steel, 'you're more free than wel- ams.' The spectre took no notice. " 4 1 hove the rope to you, says Ned ; and I thought I was doing an act of duty by my fellow creature. Silt how I hear that there's no living blood in ybor veins, and that you roam the ocean, bringing bad weather on the mariners you fall in with. That mar be true, or it may not. If not, say 8?, .and. say who you are. If you be a shipwrecked man you are welcome here ; but if not, men have told me that - a silver bullet can wound even a ghost, and if you do not speak in time, by God, there is a rare chance no w of testing the truth of the saying'. Answer V , . , "And Ned cocked the great pistol and EeyiBrt ' at toe strange passenger. The ffghre never moved a muscle of its wan Stem face. « 4 Take the dollar and my blessing with it, then;' shouted Ned, and he drew the trigger- ' " The pistol exploded, and for & moment the - cabin was so . fall of smoke that they could not see what execution' bad been done. When the vapour cleared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing p, bis stony eyes giving out their cold . sparkle, more horribly than ever. 444 Yon gaveme your benison, he screeched out, 4 1 give you my malison ; and the exe cutors and the tokens of it will follow you night and day, until either my fate or yours be' accomplished. If you do notbelieve me, go oh deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth. . These, mates, were the very' words of Foul- Weather Don ; for I have got all thfe qo&YBESations; which' relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Ned I . and the rest of them, bring tembly startled, tumbled up on deck, one tripping up the mfaerin thrir hurry ; and the tost thing they ' . m was. to stare into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sore ' enough they saw the fins of two great bine Bharks, awful monsters in rise, keeping veaaj mow wy, ijtdiiuuvUji nuu jUKlaa Aedcame- on deck they.gavie a tort Of Aaaty plnnge in . tha there yo»are-r- TgWiahdhriottware.' r iiwb aJong story short; mates, before vnidhlght such a sue. was blowing j from toe eastwardihat toerewas nothing &r; it but tepatthe shipbeforetoe -kind and not only fliat day, hut thkt week, and forthree weeks after that, didthe hurricane, for it was little rise, continue, blowing the ship entirely ont of her course, untilat length ecaptmnandcrew knew that they had Bailed Man near the coast of. Africa to the coast of i . herica, and that if the wind did not soon f yflhfe off, timy would he rmplumpatoore, either on the continent er one -of the islands. Meanwhile Foul- Weather Don, as before,, never ose from the oabiu, nor broke bread nor spobtoword. Indeed, if he were talka- tav, hehadnoone bffihixxxsefftohold con verse with ; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave np the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Shui- Weather Don was not the only thing which stuck to the ship. The sharks kept way with her as steadily in tire thundering ' gale as in the light breeze. The crew could see them'occarionally, ploughing along, in the troughs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, ail hands got low and mopish. The old captain was fairly unmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare devil as he was,' began to quaiL At last, tiny knew by their reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundowa, that they were approacmng" toe ana inacone way or the other toeirfate would soon be settled. So one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, and \- printing ont to each other right ahead the \- warm coloured clouds which 'sailors know hangover the land. The weather looked as wild \- as ever ; the scud above flew even faster town .» the waves below ; and you should have seeu j the battered look of the craft as she went ' staggering along, under a rag of canvas, which | was becalmed every moment in the toughs r ofthesea. Indeed the ship looked almost I & wreck.. Her bulwarks had been, washed I away long ago. the hatchways were all- I battened down. Gut of three boats she had M carried ohly one was left, bring strongly K lashed to the deck; wh;le the sea-battered H skiff of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not so much as a rope yarn tomake it V fast, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and er the decks, so that the men were obliged I iato themselves to ringbolts, and to the f masts, and never could light a fire or wear a stitch of dry clothing. L j "Well, as I was saying, the poor fellows I, m ere holding on as well as they could, and wondering where the ship arid they themselves would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking their turn at the helm ropes, gave a loud shout, and the cost turning about, saw Foul- Weather Don standing upon the deck. " He's going— he's going," whispered old Captain Purvis. ' ' The Lord hath preserved' as in His great goodness." " Well/Foul- Weather Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasure island, and then he mounted the rigging — all the crew holding their breath and wateh- ing him — and gazed from the maintop long aim sadly. At length, he made a sort of motion of despair, and came down to the deck; where he stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, and motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the sea. In a minute, mates, the tackles were manned, and they let ; the skiff go smash into the water, with a surge that would have buret another boat . into staves. Bat only the devil, mates, oonld swamp a craft like that; she floated alongside as light as a well-corked bottle. " 'Haul your wind, when the elements will allow you,' says the Don, quite dLemnly. 'Thaiik you for nothing,' quoth Ned Poryis. 4 I should think we would, when . yon have brought as across the ocean , .-against, our will. > ; 'X- jhri8 "fcras no reply, and in a minute tiie very erest of a breaking wave. Jnst as this happened, and they were beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted 4 Land !' and sure enough the next time they rose, upon a sea they saw right in the glare of the setting sun ! the dusky coast-line of an island. In ah hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses and stay-sails on the ship, she lying-to with her head to the eastward. You know, mates,' i that in hot countries it is up wiijd, up sea, doyru 'wind, down sea, so that by sunrise the j next day there was Aothiner but a great smooth swell to show that a gale had. just swept across the wide Atlantic. The first thing Ned Purvis did when he came on deck to take the morning watch, was to look over the quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when he saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. The other seaman saw toe creatures itoo, and they looked at Ned, and whispered among themselves. " Well, you may be sure that, after such a run as the ship had had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanted vegetable food and rest ; so .that when the usual trade wind came to blow, and they fonnd from one or two fishing canoes that they were amongst the most northernof the Windward Islands, theycruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, the sharks kept their places as steadily as me very masts, rsea nsnea xor xnem m vain. He even baited the hook with the choicest pieces of pork and beef aboard, bat they would not as much as push the morsel with their snouts. 4 No, no,' said the, men,' when, they saw this ; 4 the creatures have their . orders, and they obey them.' Then Ned tried . the harpoon, but though he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he could not make a bit at the sharks ; either the ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or the water made the spear glance : but, however it was, Ned confessed that he could not even scratch their dingy backs. "Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in the ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, and the crew, although they used to love poor Nefd, now began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knew it. 4 "The curse,' said the men, 'isfollowingus in a visible shape. Therfe can he no good lack for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swimming astern.' " Well, Ned tried' hard to laugh it off, but he could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. 4 Why,', he would say, 4 they can't jump aboard, messmates; the Ocean is theirs as well as ours, audita cat may look at a king, I don't see why a shark may not look at a ship.' 4 4 But though he spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Ned was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted three days, and all that time they were cruising about among the Mauds, looking for a place which would be anng . to anchor in, and oat of the way of Spanish ships. On the third day, When the ship was about a league from a small sandy Me or key, the men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they were getting more and more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the crew went to the captain in a body, and said that Ned must leave the ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man-made a doomed ship. There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of water and provisions, and he might soon get his passage off ih another toip, but whether he did or not he must go ashorenow. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, but the men would not hear bis words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and says— 44 4 Messmates, I have brought misfortune -OgareElUp, luia"»gsrfcc— rOjU'c! ; X'tuu willing . to land , ' . " On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished: to follow bisJ iephew, bid titey wp not let him becau9e be was the ohlv good navigator theyvfoxra'hftric,' after Ned went away; in the ship. ; So.prisently, the remaiiui hist, was Jarinchied, iuul beef, and. bitomt, and;: water; sufScieBt for two ninths at least, weto ' put in her, with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig ging tor water. _ When the boat shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to them, shouted to his uncle to be of good cheer, tor they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of bod omens. The boat landed in a little cove, and Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. The men placed his pro visions and the shovel upon the beach, and shook hands with' him; and as they rowed back to the ship, they gave him a cheer tor his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly, he was alone in a desolate' place. Most ' of the island appeared to be sand, npon which, in some places, there were great banks of Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old tree at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however," was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. Well, he lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out in vain for a ship. At this the fihftrlrg kept cruising a-lnnr the shore, and Ned >ased to amuse himself by flinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, nowever, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the tree, he observed a curious thing. The tree, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood had "been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after neon every day, these branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned observed this that he climbed the tree, and found that, the crosses were artificial. Then all at once it struck him that they were meant for marks, and then he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, off he goes for his shovel, and sets to work at once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but he very soon scraped the lid of a great chest made of ironwood, and bound with hasps and clasps of metal. 44 4 Bv all the stars,' quoth Ned, 4 who knows hut this is Foul-Weather Don's trea sure chest.' "Mates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched the lid off, and there he saw great ingots and rough lamps of gold and precious stones, just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba and Hispaniola by the Indians for the Spaniards. There they had lain for a hundred years, and no man the wiser or the better. 44 4 Aha,' says Ned, 4 1 would fain have you in England, but what am I to do with you here?' "However, he made. shift to carry the wealth, lump by lump, down to hiscavenear the sea ; then he bronght the box, and stowed the gold as before, cohering all over with loose sand. The very next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small bark — he did not know what- she was — becalmed, not a rmle from the shore, waiting for the sea- breeze. So he mounted aTOck, fired biw gun; waved a handkerchief, and shouted. Pre sently, a boat pulled off from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turtier, j from one of the large windward Mauds — Martinico, I believe. So Ned told them that he had been marooned for striking the quartermaster of the ship in whichhe sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port where he -could ship for, England. So the turtles -consulted together, and / aslted - .him if he : had wherewithal magg kkly aOTefed totakebff Ned and his pid afSntbe. The three set to work, and presently, the boat was loaded almost to the water's edge .with, riches.. The turtlsrs went: about xopAedtoom a aort pit when they rowed the boat out of the cove and found her so heavy that they feared she should be swamped by the heave of the sea. "'Lord!' says one of them. 'See .there ; if the boat were to fill and go down. Did yon ever see more' fearful monsters? ' "And sure enough there were Ned's old friends swimming on each side of the boat, as though, they were appointed the guardians of the treasure. However, no accident hap pened, and'as they neared the turtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. " You may think for yourselves, mates, how the entire crew of the bark, which carried about half-a-dozen men, received their freight. Ned told the simple truth as to how he had got it, and the turtler, imme diately that the sea-breeze came, stood_ away for Martinico, the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, - is a thing that makes demons; out of men. The big ehest stood upon the deck, and the crew hung round it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they began to handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the -!? L.-J A L. - "TDVII 4h: means ui mrmg tu use ? ai> uus speech they professed great satisfaction, and swore that Ned was an honest man and a good comrade, and that as he said, so it would be done. But it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice he observed a man conceal ing a knife in his garment, so that the haft came handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks were following stea'dily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, tor great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and sourer at each other, and gradually drawing off into two parties, one on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. Bnt they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward. Mates, you haye all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it eomes. . The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, they drew knives and snicker-snees, and cut and chopped at each other, strug gling and cursing over the chest. Ned saw toe blood splash down on the gold, and he rushed forward to separate them, crying oat, 'Madmen that you are — look out for toe1 squall first and fight afterwards.' " Bnt if was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing ftp the sea before it, and in toe very centre of the flying foam Ned swore he saw Foul- Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant the blast struck the sails, heaving this turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she) lurched over, the heavy box of gold fetched awav with a mighty surge, and went crashing through aud through the frail bulwark, ana then with a great plunge down to toe bottom of toe ocean, there to lie inates, ejven until the day when the sea shall gie up its dead ! All this passed in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as thongh relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold, rig(hted with a heavy roll, which sent toe seamen sprawl ing across toe deck, with their fenives in their hands, and bloody gashes in tjheir faces ' and limbs. The squall was over, and the sun "'t) MuJ luwhed to beam. andTsaw, just whena. had taHSn" into the sea, the bottom>»sXiat all covered with barnacl&s; and sesnSreed, which he knew well. Sheseemed nowKuratedrJndrottenwith water; for the i Inn iijpras off hep, mates ; and while Ned gazed dAer, she w«jmt gradually oown.ihtp the gKtodepthS (if the sea; and: the sharks enKT.-vurb of 1 sight with' her. As they"®isappeared jNed felt a heavy toad l»e his he&ft;, and he thought that kSai got cheaiply rid of it;: even at the exptAe of the gold! The curse was taken off hiV and he rather surprised the turtlers, whrere standing looking very like tools, by chKig a set of capers on the deck. The firstMing<they did was to try for soundings, bnt ran out every fathom, ' and the load toBbed no botton. So they lengthened the cortBrith every piece of loose rope in the ship, b&he; sea appeared un fathomable. The guHnras sunk in a &ulf; from which no power oranc<iild raise it ; and so at length, mnffltfr-hursing and blaming each other, they worethe ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From .that time to this, mates,- no mariner has ever seeu Foul- Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, and, as I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol, ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself." CHAPTER IX. TKB ATTTHOE, WHS SUXDEY OF 3113 COMRADES, SET OCT FOB THE CBEEK WB2BE UF ZEFX TTTS BASQUE, AUD THESE BBAYELY CAPTUBE A SPANISH 8CHOONEB. Nearly a. month passed away since toe evening on which I listened to the story of Foal- Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of toe bay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of .the coast, where we might have better luck. It was then that I, for toe first time, called to mind the boat which I hnd left in the creek, where I first landed on toe island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we could divide our party between it pud the canoe, leaving ample room for toe stowage of provisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. We were nine in number, well armed, and therefore of quite sufficient force tq capture any Spaniard, not a man-of-war, which we were likely to fall in with. It was therefore resolved that Le Picard, one of our Frenchmen, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should start, under my guidance, for the cove to the westward, aud if we found the boat, should navigate her round toe coast to the bay, where the rest of the party would be prepared with provisions and water, ready to stow ou boax-d, so that, in company with the canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lost in putting the scheme into execution. Meinheer, who knew something of sail-making, cut out a small, square sail or lug, which we were to carry with us, and which would suit the boat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we had found her. We also carried a good-sized keg for water, and a small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting chiefly to our guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleep during the heat of the day : and after an hour's trudge through the wet grass and .bushes, which were quite drenchedi with the copious dews, passed the spot where lay the bnccaneers who had been hanged by the Spaniards. Truly our poor comrades slept in a tranquil resting -place — a Bpot of greenest grass, with feathery palms over head, bending and rustling in the night wind. We stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, whence, we could look down upon the blue sea' beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, during which tie sun shone mth blistering ppwer. . Then, .;tar ffoxi 8UEEnph--<&e; sea; . Df ;reugheDefl xrater, strewed /With whitp.V which proclaims the :iras. whistling . throngh the bnsh itAhalf a gale of wind. "We dined this day byfchte little runnel where I liad, kflled 'the dudfc;\ and then travelled until eunset, ,whed we\ encamped in .pur fatiguing, but performed without any parti cular adventure. We sometimes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses ofthesea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into the sea after the fish, which they mark from a great height. In the afternoon: of the second day. I reckoned that we could not be far from the cove, but the exact spot was difficult to hit, as the general appearance of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to toe edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp iook-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives torough'toe creepers and brushwood, so as to be able to gaze down the iron- bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking, upon toe rock, and foaming furiously over levery projectihg peak and pin nacle of stone ; when, having stopped to hold a consultation— for . I was now becoming very fearful that , ye had overshot our mark— we all. suddenly heard the report "of a musket 'or fowling - piece, fired not far off. This terribly disconcerted us, for we knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that the secret of its' existence was not known to me alone. How ever, wo withdrew into the thicket, where we DAllIn «rnll Itn JiaAoirAVOf? onn Ifl XT close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots firqd from different points around us, and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in toe neighbourhood. At all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landed in my cove, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate toe sldff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. While we were talking lowly among ourselves, Blue Peter, the Mosquito-man, suddenly started up, on his knees, and told us to listen. We did so very intently, and presently heard a rustling and ' a snapping of dry twigs in the wood, but although we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. "Tush!" says Nicky: "you are a fool, Peter, and take a wild pig for a Spaniard." 'But toe Indian seized his piece, cocked it, and suddenly levelling it, fired, before -we could prevent him. " Hash ! " quoth he, very earnestly, 44 hush 1 and we will be safe." " Safe !" said Nicky. " Why, if they are Spaniards, they will be down upon us in a twinkling." 44 No," replied toe Mosquito -man, "no, no ! They snooting all round ; think my gun one of their camarados — eh ?" 44 The man is right," said Le Picard. "But what, in toe name of the diable, have you fired at?" "Me show you !" said Blue Peter ; and he crawled into the underwood so circumspectly that one scarcely heard a rustle, and pre sently, returning, flung toe body of a huge dog among us. "A Spanish hlood-honnd!" exclaimed Nicky; and we all recognised toe fawn colour, with grim, black muzzle, andtbegreat muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question aside, toe creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed toe xiame, " Manuel G. Alcansas," se it was quite clear that we were sur rounded by a hunting party of the. enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who observed toe blood-hound, and toot it /almost when it was in toe act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, -after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as . .well lie close where we were as attempt to toift to less dangerous quarters, as by moving we decided to climb up certain trees, the branches whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first cut toe toro&t; of ' the dog, mid scattered the Wood copiously >' around, so that it would em- barraas and destroy toe scent of any other hound' which mht pass that way. He then flung the body np into toe branehes of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as . we supposed for toe slain dog, and some other toots were fired at a distance. However, the son sank and the stars shone down through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. Making onrselves as comfortable as our position would permit, we munched our supper, of which, however, we could eat but little, for wb suffered much from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough" in the keg to afford us a few mouthfuis apiece, but < we were, afraid to straggle abroad iu search of more. "With toe grey dawn we were afoot, cautiotMy exploring the Ideality, and I had much ado to restrain a sadden burst of ex clamation when I recognised too little hill, to toe top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up the precipitous hanks of the cove. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taking great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine up which I had crept from toe water. It was not easy, how ever, to make ont whether toe cove was empty, for toe morning was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. "We proceeded, however, moving iu single file along the edge or the rock, which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, snch as bushes and parasitical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the chff, and bending over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered oa by toe edge of toe precipice, a sound snddenlv struck my ear with which I was too well acquainted to be easily deceived — it was the flap of canvas. Kicky heard it as well as, myself, and we all paused. The land wind was just beginning to die out, and oxxly came in heavy dank puffs down from the hills. We waited for the next gust ; it shook the dew from the branches in a great sparkling shower, and gave a great rustle, as it were, down toe ravine, in the middle of which , we again heard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a sail. Being guided by the sound, we proceeded a few paces onwards, and then coming to a comparatively clear bit of ground, we crawled upon our bellies to the edge of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two masts, of the class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in the very centre of the cove, very snugly, being made fast by four hawsers, two a-head and two astern, to the trunks of trees growing near the water on either bank. She had two boats in the water, floating by her main chains, and one of them I immediately recognised to be the object of our journey. Here, then, was the vessel to whom the hunters, whose guns we had heard, evidently belonged: and, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Le Picard knew enough about thB fashion of those seas to' be sure that the schoouer was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did on the coast here we could not well imagine. The question now, however, was how we were to act? Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a single man awake upon deck; but several stout fellows were lying asleep on under canvas and tarpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill upon the schooner, Nicky asked our opinion as to whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edge, and make off with both boats before the crew awoke. Bnt Le Heard thought toe risk too great. Besides, he argued, when tbey_ miss the boats, they can chase us out to sea in toe schooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking, I was turning over another plan in ay own mind. " Instead of taking the boats," quoth I, 4 whtopuld wc not take the ship ?" dL sbgted»'&&d; reminded me ' liat iiour men, whereas the ; Spaniards might well be a dozen : and they had dpgs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Lc Heard, in particular, professed a great horror 44 Lojjk joa," quotli I, 44 this is my plan. toe Spaniards were hunting ashore, . hduo-daiy/itis very like that they will -renew ' 'Ihew piustime, leaving, perhaps, only One of the schooner, for you see that she is moored very safely, aud with her bows pointing down the creek so as to be ready for a start. Now, look at her rigging : see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsails can be set merely by letting go the brails, and running aft the sheets ; for yon observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefore the schooner is ready for sea. Now I know, in a general manner, the direction of the cove below. . It runs for a little way parallel to the coast and then turns to. the right, and so opens up i£to the sea. What is there to prevent us boarding the schooner wheii toe is left almost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrying her away?" . -tec? 3 _ ."4 They all applauded this design, and toe more we talked, of it the- better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as toe Spaniards can bixild very well, and we judged from her shape that toe was exceeding fast as well as easy to manage. Besides, the greater length of . the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when we had passed the elbow, ani came to.get the toip out in face of toe swell, ye't we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our sti rs for such a slice of sood luck. as m many other adventures, the firs caud most difficult duty which we had to perform was to wait, so we eusconcea ourselves iu thick butoes, where we could see without being easily discerned, and watched the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. The sun was above toe horizon about half-an- hour, when a man issued from toe cabin, and tapped toe deck loudly with a handspike. At tins summons toe sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloodhounds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching themselves from their warm nests. The man who had wakened toe .rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of toe moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for he went "below, and pre sently the crew had their breakfast, which they ate on deck — a couple of "bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to toe cabin. Soon after this we observed with great delight a number of muskets and pistols brought on deck, at the sight of which toe grim bloodhounds yelped and hayed. The captain, as we called him then, appeared again ; and after along discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round and handling toe arms, the bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff — my skiff — hauled alongside, no doubt to ' convey, the hunters on toe toore The captain then seemed to "be giving orders to one of the crew;, a stout fellow, who wore, a great striped woollen cap and had a long un sheathed knife in his girdle, and then the whole party, excepting the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into toe boat, toe bloodhounds leaping in along with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of the creek. The Spaniards numbered about, a dozen, without including a "boy whom they had with them, 'and of course' weighed down the skiff until her sruixwule was almost at the water's edge. "We were for a little time in some perturbation, lest tbey should chance to come our way. We heard them shouting, and laughing, and crashing through the boughs, as they made their way tip the steep banks of the creek, aud then the boat came floating down again to the schooner, with toe boy paddling her. Meantime, the man with toe striped cap had disappeared in a little cook-house or caboose, from the funnel of which a,isaioke ; hegatj. to rise ; and tfie hoy, > Mtgmad) fast toe boat, went aft te the cabin, ifid presently returned with the bowls, , which we had semi caxried thitheirDmply. . Tvbw, as we bad seen" but one men come out j of this, cabin, and as breakfast had been served there for two, we considered that, there were three persons left in charge of : the ship, bat that one of these was probably trick or disabled. While we were making these observations, the reader maybe sure chat we also . listened attentively, in order to find Out in what direction the hunting party had proceeded; and presently, hearing shoots ' and the reports of guns very faintly, and gradually becoming more so, until they were ; no longer audible, we congratulated ourselves that the hunters were out of the way, and, that so far, our task would be easy. The next point was, how to get on board the schooner so suddenly and so quietly as to leave those in charge ,of her no opportunity of giving an alarm. First we thought of swimming, but the Picard was not skilful at tins exercise ; and, besides, We saw toe backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nicky proposed to swing onr selves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed to the trees ; but," on close examixiation, we found the banks so precipitous, that it would be very difficult to make our way to the ropes, without giving an alarm. We were thus iu considerable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry in the very outset, when I observed a means whereby we might, although at some risk, accomplish our end. I have said that- the cove or creek was so narrow that the brandies of toe great trees, growing in the rifts of the rock on either side, met and interlaced, and from these branches hnnsr uerosndicularlv. like great ropes, , many long tendrils or withes, very tough aud strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, depending from a stout branch, swung close by the fore- top- mast head of the schooner, dangling in deed to the cross-trees. I pointed this out to my comrades, and they all agreed that it would be very possible to clamber out upou the bough, and slide down the withe into the rigging; but that toe deck must be clear when we xnade the attempt, otherwise we could not fail of being discovered. It was fortunate, therefore1, that the man with the striped cap continued iu toe cook-house, where we heard him clattering amongst pots and pans, and concluded that he was prepar ing a meal for the men ashore. But, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinner, one never knows who may eat it. The boy remained about toe deck for some time, but at length went into toe cabin, and, staying there, we concluded to make the venture. Fastening our guns across our shoulders, we again shook hands, and vowed to stand by each other to the death. Then we crept cautiously along, until we came to the tree from which sprang the great branch, which we looked to be the first stage of our journey to the schooner's deck. This tree grew about a fatoom beneath the edge of too rock, but it was easy to swing ourselves down to it, by toe matted vegetation, which clung to the face of toe stone. Then, one after another, we crawled out upon the bough , which shook a little, but bore us bravely. The schooner was now right below, aud not a living thing stirring on her decks. I was the first man, and Nicky was at my heels. The Indian came next, and the Frenchman brought up the rear. All of us whites being sailors, the feat was not difficult ; ana as for the Mosquito man, he could climb like a cat. Having satisfied myself that the withe was well attached to the bough, I first twined my legs round the former, and then grasping it, slid easily down, until my feet feet touched toe crosstroes of the Spanish schooner, and in a moment my comrades were clustering around me, no alarm being as yet excited. After pausing a moment to get a- firm grip of the stays, I gave toe word, and toe whole four slid iike light ale— down toe ropes, hand over hand, as sailor.-; say, and came with a great bounce upon deck together. The Picard instantly leaped to the cook-house, and the Spaniard coming out at the same moment, the Frenchman dealt liim a blow with the butt-end of a heavy pistol, which flung him backwards, quite stunned, upon the deck, while Nicky and I ran to the cabin, meeting at the threshold the boy, aud a. comely Woman very dark, and "with the blackdst eyes le versa wywho directly set up a great shriek of dismay. ' . s But Nicky and I, pointing to toe cabin, ' and . drawing forth pistols, made them understand that .they, must go below, sand be .silent;- as thoy valued their lives. The ,'boy slunk /back directly, aud the woman turned to aUivid paleness, and, swooning away, would jhave . fallen, .down the IMder, cabin floor ; then, . directly running on deck, we shut down toe hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment ; and, seeing Le Pickard and Blue Peter cutting the warps forward, we drew our knives, and working with goodwill, soon severed toe tough piles of hemp, aft, and toe schooner was unmoored. "We waited a moment with great impatience, to see if she would drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up toe jib, and slackened toe brails of toe mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of canvas, bnt it hung idly; the sea breeze had . net yet . set in, or. if it had it did not reach us in the depth of the creek. "We therefore flung a long line into toe lightest of the two boats alongside, and Bine Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for toe elbew at which toe creek tended seawards, and made toe line fast to a tree there, while Le Heard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw that toe schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped ou board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth and breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I felt a "breath of cool air ou my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment toe mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and toe warp upon which we were baulino- Rlankenerl. The schnrmer felt O — — the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her inclose by the starboard shore, which, when, we turned seawards, would be the weather side of toe cove. The mingled trees and rocks seemed . to glide away from us. I looked over toe side, and saw toe bubbles rippling in the transparent water; and as I lifted my head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began to meet toe lazy swell. The elbow, or torn of the creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, asd my three comrades all ran to toe bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rocks. Therefore I ported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, and just as we slowly opened toe comer I put the tiller hard ' down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering,;, ahe -gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout to-' gether as we saw, at the end of a short rocky passage, toe open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. Bnt we were not ont yet : almost immediately on rounding the point of the creek a gust of toe sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making toe jib rattle and flap like thunder, and dhs&ofcly; the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on toe leeward side. The Frenchman exelaimed that we must take to toe boats after' all, bnt Nicky answered him, " Yes— but only to carry a ware to the rocks at toe month of toe creek !", No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into toe skiff, and Nicky and toe. Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of toe creek. Here the surf was beating violently, coming with great lashing surges round the comer of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more .than a> fathom with every undulation of the sea. Here was a jagged pinnacle of rock beaten by tbe waves, which every now and then burst right above it; over this the Indian with great dexterity cast a loose hitch of the line, while we on board, running to the schooner's lx>ws, liauled upon it as before. It was lucky for us that the sea- breeze' 'only blew up the ravine in uncertain puffs, and that the place was full of counter-currents and edcEes of air, which first filled our sails one way and then another, as we heaved and rolled upon the broken qwefis which flashed from side to side .<j-tob«lmnhieL .I'We'wbifeed like desperate men, as, indeed,) we were- Every n&w; and then a sudden toss of- the water woxild fluxjr us batik ; bnt then the counter reflection of the seas from the opposite wall of rock would' jerk us forward, and we soon found that we were gradually making, our way towards toe mouth of toe cave, keeping so close to the weather side that every now and then toe masts, Wh&i; flung over to star board, rattled amongtoe butoes. overhead, and sent down too were of leaves, which would fly in uncertain whirls and dives sxpongst. toe rigging. At last, the decisive' moment came. In a minute we . would be hove upor.thedeeward entrance of the, cove, or be out clear at sea. I ran again to take the helm. Ls Picard and the Indian, running to the. weather fore-chains, gave a last surge upon the line by way of a launch. The schooncr's'head plunged into the trough of the sea, not a fathom from the rocks, and as she rose — -her bows drew beyond the shelter of toe cove—1 toe full blast of the sea breeze caueht her jib — and her head swung again to leeward. 44 Help her with the foresail, comrades !" I Bhouted, They had anticipated me — the Indian letting go the brails, and then help ing toe whites to draw aft the sheet. The sail surged and flapped so as to shake the schooner to her very keel, and the great sheet - block jerked madly to and fro with bounds wjhieh "would have dashed through a strong wall. But still, though .they could not yet master the canvas, the schooner was not in sensible to . its lifting power, and I felt her, as she rose with her broadside to a great clear sea, gather way, and start as it were from under me. There was just a moment A A Mb! kl A. Aa. . _ .. fTlk A a. a A . k f. — Aa 1 a a UI btiifiuiv susptfiiBe. miihuj ucuo ui ee- ward until their trucks were within a couple of fathoms of the lee promontory. You could almost leap on the - great rough masses of wet stone which lay close a-beam, and then ki a moment the schooner rose to another sea, all three sails now bellying to the wind, and once,.' more hove clear of the land, although I saw through the clear water a glimpse of reef under our counter, which the keel must have scraped, and although the head of the mainmast actually tore away the projecting branch of a great prickly bash which was waving aiid dancing in the wind. We were drawing our first deep breath after our peril when . I heard a great shout above me, and, starting round, I saw between me and the skv,the figure of a man .standing with a gun upon the very" verge of the precipice which .formed the line of coast. He directly fired His niece, and set up a loud outcry to his comrades, three or four of whom directly joined him, ani fired a volley at us, which did no damage. So we jumped up on the taffrai) rail, and waving our hats gave them a loud cheer, and told thhm that if they wanted their schooner, they might swim after us, and then we would consider the matter. They made violent gestures, hut the sea breeze blowing so fresbiv, carried back their voices, and we knew not what they said. Carrying on as we best could with our iil-set sails, until we bad made a good half mile offing, we luffed the schooner up into the wind, and with some trouble, «'ot the canvas properly extended; then putting the helm hard down, we got the jib-sheet to windward, aud so lay to, dancing aud surging merrily upon the sea. I TO BE COXTISUHD.) 