BISHOP GOE ON EXISTING : LABOUR TROUBLES. At the meeting of the Church of England Assembly on Monday, Dr Goe is reported, in tliecourae of his address, to have spoken as ml" 8, 6 quote from the Argus :— The general outlook on tbe state of the world at the present time cannot, I think, ba regarded without much anxiety. The weird prophecy of De Tocqueville is being fulfilled before our eyes-" If the great questions of the beginning of this century were mainly political, those which will convulse the world at its close will be social. " If the social war which now rages in Australia were confined to these colonies there would be less ground for apprehension, but it is being carried on in tbe United Kingdom and in the United States of America with more or less intensity. Amongst ourselves how rapidly it has grown! It seems but yesterday since there arose a little cloud out of the sea, like a man's hand (the dismissal of the firemen in the Corinna), and lo ! the heaven is black witb clouds. The "present relations between employers and employed seem to me to point to a dissolution, or to a reconstruction, sooner or later, of the existing social fabric. The very meaning of terms employed in the discussion of the labour question has undergone an ominous change. Take the expression " free labour." l,ord Brassey's book on " Work and Wages " published^ about IS years ago, begins with the following sentence:—"The recognition of the rights of free labour came late in the history of the world. Neither thB Greeks nor the Romans recognised the liberty of labour." Now, on a further examination of the chapter in which these words occur, you find that by free labour the author means "the right of combination for the purpose of obtaining better terms for labour. " On the other hand, iu a leading article in the Argus of Thursday last, we read this :—" It is felt amongst the employers that nothing practical can be doss until the, union leaders have returned an answer ito the essential and all-important question ;as to ^whether they will recognise free labour." In fact, whereas a few years ago free labour signified the right to combine, now jt signifies the right net to combine. Trades unioriB having gained toleration and encouragement, and very properly so, now assume an aggressive attitude to those labourers who decline to join them, threaten, ing tbem with injury to their employment if they persist in stauding aloof. This is tyranny, as it appears to me. (Hear, hear.) Employers are free to choose non-union labourers ; and labourers are free to join a union or not. as they please. All men are justified in lifting up their voices against tyranny, whether th« tyranny be that of Nero or of a trades union. At the same time, it must not be forgotten that that which lies at tho root of these troubles is the selfishness of the human heart, and selfishness is not confined to any one class of society. The success of trades unions must, in the long run, be dependent on the prosperity of their employers; and yet the language usBd by the unions too often implies that the interests of the two are not only not identical, but opposed to each other. The representative of one powerful uuion said, speaking of the masters, "They want the greatest profit, me the highest wages." On the other hand, when we Took back on the past history of, the relations between capital and labour, we can scarcely fail to trace present troubles, in great measure, to the worship of private property on the part of the moneyed classes. That private property ic, in a sense, lawful cannot be denied; otherwise there could be no placeforthe eighth command- - msnt. But -when men make private property their graven image; when they fall down unto it, and worship it, and pray unto it. and say, Deliver me, for thou art my god - when they use it chiefly for self gratification a;,d selfaggrandisement, show no. sympathy with others—such conduct as this fills tbe hearts of the masses with discontent, euvy, aud malice. It is altogether contrary to tile spirit and genius of Christianity. Jesus Christ, its founder, had no private property, and His fishermen wilbngly surrendered whut little they had for His sake. The whule current of HiB teaching runs counter to the doctrine mat everyone has the right to do what he likes with his own. We know what the immediate effect of tbis outpouring of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost was upon the holders of private property. But let no one aBsert that because that particular effect was temporary it_ was therefore a failure. It was not a failure; it asserted in a conspicuous manner tbe attitude of Christianity towards property, and tbe lesson has never been wholly forgotten by the church. On what ground, then, may you call your land or your money your own? The Christian answer to this question iB plain, You may call these things yours, .because the Great Proprietor above bas constituted you, .and vou alone, the" trustee of them, the steward aud caretaker of them. This is the only theory of ownership recognised in the Kingdom of Heaven. Your property is yours, because you have a personal responsibility for the disposal of it, which none can Bhare with you; it is yours, because from you, and from none beside, your Lord will hereafter demand an account of the use which you have made of it. ;There are many Christian men, thank God, owners of property, who do thus recognise the responsibilities of wealth—men whose Ciample and influence shed a perpetual benediction upon the world around tbem; and if all resembled them, it would perhaps be too much to eay that there would have been no strikes, but.it may be said that there would have been no ground for tbem. What shall be the. end of these things none can tell. .But I am persuaded that tbe hearty practical adoption of Christian principles in their bearing upon the vast social questions which now oonvulse the world is tbe only remedy for present troubles. We are assembled-here as communicant members of the church of Christ, banded together to extend His kingdom and to make Win life, HiB death, His example, His teaching more' widely known and understood amongst men. The social disorders which threaten us with so much misery' may well kindle within our hearts a holy enthusiasm for the extension of the Christian faith; . Let us endeavour throughout our debates to keep in view the grand design of all church organisation, which is (in the words of a thoughtful writer) "that the whole fabric of humanity, all the relations of men to God, to one another, and to the outward world, shall be pervaded by the spirit of Christ.'" 