Art & Literature Of tho later classic moralists Epiototuais by far tho groatost, and of tho Stoics ho is for nil time Iho St. John, ns Scnouiv is tho somewhat windy Apollos. Ono may describe him as n kind of second Socrates with tho rough wit left out, and with a strong dash of Thomas a Kompis infused. Tho Christian -liko oharaotor lit lifa fnnnliinrr lmu nffmi ?\nrtn r\t\i-nA nml nnt*— hips nothing can show moro clearly than it and tho work of other later Pftgau schools that tho groat movement, whioh ia generally -iowod apart, isolated, was in roality only ono of tho phases of a vory wido emotional de velopment. Thero nro two equul foroos of omotion — that of Burns, that of Oavlylo. Images, -vivid images, camu 'timing' upon both men ; but these imagos produced clifforont kinds of omo tion; in Burna an omotion whioh proceeded nt moo to metro; in Csrlylo nn omotion which did not pro'jeod to metro, whioh wna not in doed quito sfttiiflod with proso kiokod, struggled, flung r.bout, nt last had to bo sat isfied ; growled, grumbled ; honco savagery aud much lurid splendour. ^i. £mi*j» \v*i(juL ia u 1'*'/ tviigut, jicr «r, nun not by vlrtuo of any oulsido uohiovomont. Such wero Shakeapearo and Ma great contom poraricH, such Woiu J?ar(|-ihur and Otway,. tuoh was Sheridan. No amount of ruc:cs.h ia other dopartmonts of Htcrnturo will savo a pout from such eondign damnation as awaited tho 'Promise of May.' No grutitudofor lilo rary sorvioos recoivod will onablo a druinutio author to osoapo publio ridiaulo for an uu succossful dramatic effort. Tho sarao rotten oggs whioh have boon hurled at minor play wrights, -who failed to pleaso, would havo been hurled, under similar provocation, at a Diokens or a Thaokoray. Aro not peoplo turning back, in despair of grosp Eoali«m, to tho old fnirylaud of the horoino and tho swnshbuuklor — to the grand Dumas, without ono'moral' idoa, onomodern thought, in his dear old head, and ti tlio grandor ShuVoapoaro, monarch of tho glori flod feudal roalm P Aro tho people not cla moring for life, for movemont, which thocon torapornry oritio calli ' sorsation'P Aro thoy not weary to death of tho man- milliners of Boston and tho moral hosiers of Brixton nnd Copenhagen ? Whilo tho supornno ovor eduoatod young AmorJoan sneors nt the stngo and pines for tho day when it shall become as lifelooa M his own stories, f ho great publin aro discovering th«t Piolding ia not dead, ana that jjiokour 13 not likoly to die. At tho present moment there ii scarcely any form of nrt which tho publio will not enoourago, so long as it is not tiresomo. — Coiittnijioruri/ llovicw, Thoro ia hardly any intollocttial power of the perfoct survival of which in old ago thero in bettor ovidonco than tho pootic. Ooetho v/roto 0110 of his most bonutiful poems when ho wns in his aoventy-fifth year, Victor Hugo BOino of his finest when ho was far beyond seventy, nnd Milton his groat opio whon ho was nearly sixty. — Spectator. Tho plays of Honrik Ib.ion, tho Norwegian post nnd dramatist havo boon rocoivol with mingled praiso and blamo,but tho host opinion nssigns to him high rank an a dramatist. Fimr of bin plays, ' A DollV Houao,' 'Ghosts,' 'Tim l'lllnrs of Socioly,' mid ' Ttosmernholin,' havu been (runclnted into EiijrliHh, und aro published in ono volumo, with n profiino by Edmund Gosso, wlio is a devout worahipper at Iho Islnni Shrino. It. ia not easy to classify theto dramas, tliough they full naturally into a single clnss. They differ materially from most modern plays, chiefly booauso thero ia no artificiality nbout them. Thoy nro hard, stern and ovon oruol in their portraiture of human passion and human woaknoES. Sponsor imd Milton, and Bunyan anil WordHwurth, and Balzao and Vintor Hugo, wero nt loast hurtniU at Iho limo when they produced thoir ffroivtost worka ; Carlylo's 'rrouchKovolulion' andlua 'Sartor Kesartus' — muoh tho most aharnctoristic efforts of hia genius, wero tho immediate fruits of long solitary meditation ; and Tennyson's finest work, moro cspooially his 'In Siemoriam,' ii admitted to bo the product of solitary and often continuous raoditation. — Speetalor. A new fiold of historio fiction, rich in dramatic incident and with a buck ground as wild nnd pioturesquo as tho world over saw, was oponod by Mrs. Mnry Hnrtwell Cathorwood whon aho wroto ' Tho Romanon of Dollatd.' She hna now followed thiB with ' Tho Story of Tonty,' whioh in somo respects is a finer book than hor first, although thero isnothirgiu it to equal tho groat scone in tho river stoolrndo, when Dollard went down iu dof cn«o of Mon'ro -1. Tonty wna tho Italian lieutenant of L:i Sallo, who cloavod to tho grenh cxploror closinr tlinn a brothor, and thin romanco relates tho last ndvonturos of Ln Snl'o iu his expliirntion of tho great river Mini, uutilsunvcntd. Tho figiuro of both l-i Suite and Tunty uru drawn with such extra ordinary vigour that thoy will livo in tho memory of any reader of this book. Equally striking are tlio portraits of Jeanne lo Ber, who loved luSaile but devoted herself to the church, und of Barqo, the explorer's niece, who wedded Tonty. Priests, cavaliers, mer chants, trappers, and savages make up n motley colieotoin of figures, ''full of tho pic turcdquonosti of frontier lifo. The beaver fair and other incidents of wild Canadian lifo add roalism to tho story, whioh ends with tho mnrier of la SslSo and Tonty'a fruitless attempts to bo revenged on tho as Haagms of tho man for whom ho would havs given his lif o'a blood. treorgo Eliot lies buried in tho cemetery at Highgatc, England. A small monument, a tapering shuft of gray Scotch granite, stands at tho head of tho grave ; upon tho baso aro carved two lines from her own pen: ' Of thoso immortal dead, who livo again in minds mado better by thoir prescnoo' ; then follows the dato of her birth and her death. 'Tho Bondman' ia a novol by Hall Caino, who will bo remembered as tho author of that vigorous and ublo novel ' Tho Deemster* which appeared about two ycaro ago. The scono of tho presont story opens in Icolsind, is transferred to tlio Islu of Man, and again to Iceland, whero the story concludes with a sublimo act of renunciation and self sacrifice by tho great hero of the book. Mr. Caino koa thetruo gift of tho genuine noveliat, tho art of story- telling. Lord Tounyuon combines an oar r.s fin 0 and delicato as any English poet who has over lived (navo perhaps, Ooleridtro at his bet.t), with an oyo for pictorial uit'eets truer ovon than tbo pioturopoota from Chaucer down wards can command— ns true, indeed, as that of any trained painter working in a plastic art. In rending hia poetry our sensuous instinct is so fully gratiflod that no sooner docs tho music hootu to bo born of tho picture than tho pinluro scorns born of the musio : ho aeomu to mnko two souses ono. Tako tho fol lowing instance among a thousand : — Or else flushed Ganymodo, his roay thigh Half-buried iu tho Eaglo's down, Solo as a flying star shot thro1 tlio sky Abovo tho pillar'd town. Hero wo got u pioturo which eeuda a thrill of delight through tlio norvoa of tho classioal student — it thrill such as iu no other cnao mm ho feel savo through tho cifeota of plastic art — a picture bo sensuous that it throws an actual imago ou tho retina of tho listen' r, and yot (and horo is the wonder of it) tho languago in which tlio pioturo is wrought might, aa far as molody goes, havo been that of Coleridge, Shelley, or Mr. Swinburne. — Athenamn. It ia subjoot that makes plays endur ing, pitta of courno tho rogulnr drainatio workman ship. Literature, however charming, will not mako or savo a play. Whilo no ouo hoars nowndnys of ' Lovo for Lovo,' everyone has heard of, has aeon, ' Tho Rivals ;' yot would any realcr consider tho ono play tho equal of tho other as a specimen of smart and bril liant writing p — Contemporary Bcvlew. ' Wo, tho dospisod dramatists .of To-day, deolino to bo judgod by tho oritics of tlio World, tho Flesh, or the Dovil. Wo do not cant about ' Art,' nbout ' Instruction.' Wo do oven as tho masters havo dono — wrifco for thoso who Book honest oujoyuicut and iu noocnt amusomont in the thoatrc. Dirt from tho Continental guttors nnd sowers polluted tho waters of JMighsh literature, so that a sort of literary typhoid has stricken somo of our ablest writers down. Unoloan soxual pa tho l°gri expressed in lnngungo which has no ohiim to literature, now threatens the drama. Well, it i» only thu old story — tho last now sensation, 001 tain 10 go tho way of thu bluo china, of the romlehtto, of nil tho other en thusUma of Polly. riuttor, ye littlo moths about This rushlight or that other— B6 very sure, ns ouch goes out, Tom I'ool will light another I But tho JDrnmn, in spite of morbid deviations remains stronger than over, poronnially sane and wholo, bccaii'o its appeal is not to tho egotism nnd ignornnoo of tho small orilio, but to tho broad sympathy and unerring comraou-senso of gonoral Humanity. — Robert Buchanan. To ' piok up ono'a orumbs ' is not so modorn a phraso ns it looks. Tho landlady of Oliver Wondoll llolroos's 'Broakfast Tablo,' who »ngoljr remarked that ' somo of thorn young folks is very artful, and thoro ia thorn that would marry Luzurus, if ho'd only picked up arumba enough, ' waa probably not aware of tho antiquity of her grupluo expression. Mussingor, in 'Tho Picture, Aotlll., 30. ii.,- has — j* iJcar madam, i-ign my pardon, That I may food again, and pick up my crumba ; I havo had a long fast of it. Nnshe, writing at tho end of tho sixtoonth ocntury, clcsofiboa how swiudling conjurors 'having pickt up thoyr erummos thus protoly woll in tho Oouutroy' draw gradually nearer to London, It has boon said of late, and said with iusia tcuoo und iteration, that Browning was Slialcospoaioau iutho raugo of hia sympathy, and tho absolute quality of his hold upon faith. It may bo so; but is not muoh of his reason plainly book'shf aro his sympathies ovor personal? Is it not plainly, obviously, no toriously Browning who brings tho good nows from Ghont to Air, and dies thatdouth in tho doeort, and trios to think what Cnliban, had ho boon Browniny, might possibly havo thought of SotobosP With Shakojpoaro such inquiries aro impo«siblo: one does not think of Hamlet and of Ilabbi Ben Ezra in tho same terms; ono gives ono set of thoughts to Antony and Cleopatra and Maeboth, and another to Evelyn ilopo and Stratford nnd Master lluiruesof Saxo-Cotlvi. Browning was3omo timos u poet — now and then 11 vory couaider ablopoot; hia intellectual aotivity, freshness, juvenility, audacity, wero unparalleled; ho suggested something' to n groat numbor of us follow-oieaturos, nnd wns tho Robert Elamero of several strata of inquiring minds. But that ho wns Shakespearean, u great nrtiat, a good poot,— that ia for posterity to dooido. 