THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1890. The Trades-hall Council has resorted to the somewhat common, but by no means creditable, expedient of speaking with two voices. At Port Melbourne the other evening Mr. BROMLEY com- plained that the trades had been taken "unprepared." If this be the case, then they have accom- plished the remarkable feat of taking themselves unawares, for the strike was begun wholly on the respon- sibility of the Trades-hall authorities. Not a single employer, so far as we are aware, has locked out his workmen for the purpose of reducing their wages or interfering with their privileges. The marine officers left of their own accord, and with an overweening belief in their speedy return to the intercolonial steamers as the officers of the Trades hall ; the seamen were called out, and for the most part obeyed the summons with alacrity ; the wharf labourers struck after a meeting at which they carried with enthusiasm a series of resolutions that were intended to anni- hilate the Ship-owners' Association ; and the gas stokers were deliberately ordered to strike in the hope that the Gas Company might be forced to adopt the latest rules of the newest unionism. It is passing strange that the leaders of the unions should have taken all these active steps without being pre- pared for the inevitable consequences. From the beginning of the trouble the employers have simply been acting on the defensive, and to suggest that they have taken anyone unawares is to make an insinuation that is in direct opposition to the facts. If the trades were unprepared, this only shows the rashness with which they have acted, and the utter incompetence of the present leaders, upon whom they have placed the most implicit reliance. But in the beginning of the strike the Trades hall echoed to the declamatory expression of very different sentiments. When it was proposed to boycott the wool from non-union stations, tho Shearers' Union secretary was absolutely certain that the unions were powerful enough to paralyse the whole trade of Australia if their whim was thwarted. When the strike commenced, there were leaders of tho trades unions who asserted that they were ready to fight to the bitter end, aud who prophesied lightly that they would be victorious in a week's time. And among those who spoke most confidently was Mr. HANCOCK himself. The Trades-hall Council was to carry everything before it ; it had only to speak and the employers would submit to a new order of things. It was not till the strike had spread and its effects were being felt in widening circles, not until the mischief had been done, not until the places of the strikers were being filled by free labourers, that it began to dawn upon the leaders of the movement that they might have made a blunder and miscalculated their real strength. They have had their own way ; they have laid up steamers ; they have called out the gas stokers ; they have interfered with trade and commerce ; in a word, they have carried their threats into effect, and they have only themselves to blame if the result differs from their anticipations. If they say they were caught unprepared, they are like a man who deals the first blow and then complains that he had never expected a retort. There is, of course, much talk of con- ciliation and compromise, and would-be mediators, who apparently thrust them- selves forward because they are trusted by neither side, aro plentiful enough. Were there the slightest chance of a con- ference leading to any definite and acceptable settlement, the employers would doubtless be willing to send their representatives to it. But we mutt first of all bear in mind that it is impos- sible to put back the bands of the clock and begin negotiations as if the strike had never occurred. During the three weeks of its continuance free labourers and free seamen have been engagod, and while the gas supply has _ beon already rendered safe the intercolonial steamship service B gradually being resumed. It is ob- viously impossible that the employers can consent to any agreement which would sacrifice these workmen, who have come to their assistance ia the hour of difficulty. Such men have acquired rights which cannot be ignored. And unless the unions give way on thia important point, unless they are willirm to let the non-union labourers remain in their present employment, it ia difficult to see bow there can be any conciliation or compromise. But another cardinal principle of the employers' programme is that they shall be free to employ non-union labour, and that the intimidation of workmen must cease. How can there be any compromise on this issue ? Are half the trades to be free, and is -the objec- tionable system of boycotting to be applied to the other * half ? Or can the boycott be used for one part of the year, and during the other months be re- garded as unjustifiable 1 For the settle- ment of such a question wo must rely upon the common sense of that great body of the working men who be- lieve in unions for their own protection, but not in unions for the purpose of aggression and stirring up of strife. The employers have declared over and over again that they have no desire to wage war against trades unions, or to prevent men from joining them. What they oppose, what thej must resist, is the extravagant demnno of those'Trades hall loaders, who claim virtually to appoint workmen, who crush out non-union labourers by boycotting, who use their power for tyrannical pur- poses, and who,not beingable topropare even for a strike of their own devising, assume the right of controlling every employer's business. This is the issue in the dispute that bands all employers together. The ship- owners must be the judges as to how far they can make concessions to the seamen. But all em- ployers are vitally interested in secur- ing freedom of management and the right of control over their own pro- perty. Such is the state of affairs. The pro- gramme adopted at Sydney, so far as it has been divulged, is the programme which was advocated moderately and firmly at the great gathering of em- ployers in the Athenreum-hall in Mel- bourne. The Sydney conference seems to have done nothing more than to re- affirm it. If, therefore, the trades are in earnest in seeking conciliation, if they aro sincerely desirous of negotiating, i they can easily see what aro the points of difference between them and the employers, and quickly make up their minds regarding the terms. One Sydney unionist was foolish enough to say that the employers must either accept conciliation or submit to riot. As for conciliation, the opportunity has never yet been offered to them, and no hint of any terms which might lead to a permanent settlement has yet been made, although their programme has been clearly announced from the first, As for riot, no Government would be worthy of the smallest respect if it permitted open violence and the looting of shops simply because a number of strikers have been injudiciously led. As the public requirements are now being better met every day by the ship- owners, it remains for the modérât. men among the unionists to decide upon what terms the work can bo freely resumed. They have been misled by agitators, who may bo described, ia the language of PAUL, as .' working not " at all, but aro busybodies." They need not appeal to other " busybodies" in the shape of mediators. It will ba infinitely better if the two sidos are able to settle matters in their own way. Two measures relating to the labour problem of the day are now before the Legislative Assembly. Both come from the radical section of the House, and in character they do not depart from tha rule with regard to legislative proposals from this quarter generally. The one is Billy, and the other is mischievous. The silly measure is Mr. RICHARDSON'S Council of Conciliation Bill, which was further discussed yesterday. As Sir. DEAKIN pointed out, the bill is a feobla copy of a measure which was put on tho Imperial statute-book twenty-fivo years back, and which has been a dead letter ever since. It permits workmen and employers in any trade to estab- lish a council of conciliation if they so please, the council to call in an arbi- trator if it cannot agree, tho arbitra- tor's award to bo final. Any person who refuses obedience to the award is to be liable to fine and imprison- ment. And all this is useless. There is nothing to prevent workmen and employers iu any trade appointing their arbitrator at once if a spirit of conciliation is abroad, and if there is no spirit of conciliation arbitration becomes impossible. If the bill were passed to- morrow the workmen and the employer would not create the proposed courts, and if tho courts wore in existence tho awards could not be enforced. The bill, it is true, speaks of prison punish- ment, but thon, as Mr. WRIXON said on a previous occasion, you cannot send a trade to gaol. Of course, if employers and employed were clamouring for courts of conciliation, legislation of some nature would have to be undertaken, but, as Mr. DEAKIN remarked yesterday, the trades have always shown a pronounced hostility to such proposals. A bill submitted to Parliament two or three years back was openly condemned by the labour organi- sations. And .only this week, as the Chief Secretary further stated, a resolu- tion in favour of courts of concilia- tion was to have been submitted to a public meeting-at Port Melbourne and was withdrawn because of the opposition of the trades dele- gates. When Mr. DEAKIN speaks on the labour question, he treats the House to a rhapsody. On this occasion it was possible to obtain these few grains of sense from the usual mass of turgid sentiment. The mischievous measure on the business paper is the proposal to render the eight hours system compulsory on all workors of both sexes. This scheme may be called on again next week. In connection with the sub- ject, it may be remarked that an interesting discussion took place in St. George's Hall, London, on June 23, between Mr. M. H. HYNDMAN, who affirmed that the state ought to enforce the eight hours system, and Mr. BEAD TAUG-, M.P., who urged that the state ought not to interfere. Mr. HYNDJIAN ia a writer and a speaker of much argumentative ability, and the case he submitted for his proposal is probably the best that could be made for it. Medical men and physiologists, ho averred, are at one in the opinion that eight hours' hard work per day is a sufficient- drain upon tbe vital system of the ordinary toiler. And to overwork men and women is a cruelty in itself, aud more than that it is the surest way to wreck the future of a nation. The men become stunted and feeble, and the women aro mothers to a deteriorated race. All this is true no doubt. Io neither pays a man to overwork himself nor a natiou to over- work its people.. And it is also possible that eight hoiirb' hard work is sufficient ior the aveiage labourer. But it is only by a juggle that these pleas can be utilised in favour of a compulsory eight hours system- by the assumption that all work is hard work producing ex- haustion at the end of the eight hours. Kigkt hours may be too much for a man. It is questionable whether any diver could-do submarine work for eight hours.per.day, while on the other hand we can all name trades by the score in which nine or ten hours' employment iuvolves no serious strain upon eithor the mental or the physical constitution. Tho cabdriver who is loitering half the time on the rank, the gatekeeper who is called out of his bouse only a few times daily, domestic servants with their numerous interludes, are familiar instances. Then, again, the men or women who work in the vitiated atmosphere of factories occupy an altogether, different physical position from men and women who are labouring in the open air. These considerations show how crude is the proposed action of the socialists. Were it rigidly en- forced it would work some men far too much, whilo it would allow others to escape with only a minimum of labour. Mr. BRADLAUGH'» great point was that the change would ruin certain laige industries in the mother country, and ns it undoubtedly would bavo this effect the contention is of great weight. At first it may seem as if this plea of ruin had not so much force here, inas- much ns our artisans have for the most part secured the eight hours boon, but, on the other hand, there is a national industry which would be severely handicapped by the restriction. There are times, of course, when the farmer has to work from sun lise to sunset to save his crops. He often finds it to his interest to labour himself from " morn till dewy eve " in oider to improve his selection. If his cattlo aro astray ho will even con- tinue his search by the objection- able light of the moon - that constant enemy of Lygon-streot. Tho farmers' prosperity depends upon these pioceedings, but according to the Trades-hall they aro to bo discontinued. He is to work eight horns when the weather permits, but on fine days ho is to labour his eight hours and smoke his pipe afterwards, and enjoy such Mghts as his hay spoiling in the damp or his wheat splitting and shedding in the heat of the sun. The farmer's avo- cation, as can bo seen at a glance, does not admit of a conformation to arbi- trary eight-hours conditions. Tho prac- tical agriculturist is irritated by the idea ; but the tailors, the shoe- makers, and the carpenters, in solemn conclave assombletl, have decided that the farmer is wrong, and they meati to enforce their ideas if they aro able. " Tho textile iudustry will be ruined," said Mr. BRADLAUGH, " by the change." " We are prepared to chance that," re- plied Mr. UYNDMAN, amid hearty cheers from his supporters. And the cry of the farmers that their occupation cannot stand the handicap will meet with equal derision unless the farmers take good care to instruct their members to make an active and determined resist- ance. They have to deal, they must remember, with men who, in this par- ticular matter, aro at once ignorant and fanatical-fanatical in their views, and ignorant of the true condition of, affairs. The current controversy as to the discoverer of the Bendigo gold-field is very interesting. It suggests com- ment upon the perversity of nature, which seems to delight in secrets and mysteries, for no sooner is a great dis- covery made than there is doubt as to who was the lucky man. This is what it has come to in regard to Bendigo since a select committee of the Legislative Assembly has been charged with the duty of ascertaining who was the first finder of gold on that famous and much-respected area, of saying whether or not a certain Mr. FRENCHAM is entitled to the honour. Such of us as are curious may perhaps wonder why nearly forty years should have been allowed to elapse between the actual discovery and the movement made in Mr. FRENCHAM'S favour. It might be supposed that the solution of this remarkable enigma was to be found in his modesty, were it not that the hope of reward, which underlies his claim, puts the matter outside the range of sentiment, and makes it purely one of business. For some occult reason it is expected that the state should handsomely remunerate the success- ful searchers for gold in the old times, and Mr. FRENCHAM, as an expert " discoverer," has now " discovered " that fact, and is working upon it. But, apart altogether from the Statute of Limitations, there is some reason for questioning the propriety of distributing public money in this extremely agree- able manner. The discoverer of the Bendigo gold-field, whoever he may be, certainly had his opportunity. To be first on such a field must have been to have experienced the greatest gratification. To have walked alone through the sylvan valleys which the pioneers say were the features of that neighbourhood, and to have known that his footprints were on golden sands, was such good fortune as falls to few men in the dreary and toiling world. Mr. FRENCHAM says that he was that man. If so, he has surely himself to blame if he happens forty years after- wards to be devoid of glory and to have a smaller bank balance than he con- siders to be his due. The inconvenience of making such a claim as he has made at a time when other men are alive who were also among the " first " on the gold-field is obvious. It would have much facilitated the consideration of Mr. FRENCHAM'S case if there had been no other persons eager to contradict him, and capable of telling as good a story—on paper—as his. Indeed, even at this late hour, he appears to have been impetuous. A few more years would have silenced the last of his contemporaries, and then a select committee would have had no difficulty in accepting his version. We do not say that his account is not the true one, but if the conflict of testimony which we have been reading within the last few weeks had been obviated, it would have been much better for him, and certainly would have been more comforting to those who have not yet lost faith in human nature. It is not surprising that there should be rivals. The prospect of a Parliamentary vote is calculated to draw men from the furthermost limits of the colony. But it is difficult to understand how such opposite stories should be told of one event. Mr. FRENCHAM must admit that the evi- dence so far is against him. He has not yet fully stated his case, but it must be a good one to justify the com- mittee in recommending him for a grant. All the pioneers on the field seem to agree in the statement that he was not known there, and that his name was never heard in connection with the discovery, which encourages the supposition that he must have found the wrong place. He asserts that he moved from Forest Creek in the latter part of 1851 towards what is now known as Bendigo, and that he and his mates were the first to unearth gold in that locality and to transmit it to Castlemaine. But he has a formidable opponent in Mr. FENTON, the holder of the run of which Bendigo formed part, and another in the ghost of a de- ceased shepherd who worked on that run. Mr. FENTON claims for himself, and other correspondents claim for the lamented shepherd or his ghost, that gold was found early in 1851. If that is so, and the first diggers on the spot favour either Mr. FENTON or the shepherd as against Mr. FRENCHAM, the case of the latter will require to be strengthened. But even if the last named gentleman retires from the contest, there will be exasperating doubt as be- tween the squatter and the wraith of his servant, to say nothing of the possibility of other claimants arising. As a test of veracity, the examination of a witness before the select committee should be interesting, to say the least. If the com- mittee can find the real discoverer, they will have done something to advance the cause of truth. Very probably the members will be driven to the conclusion that it must have been a tolerably easy thing to dis- cover a gold-field in those days. And so it might have been. Once the know- ledge had spread that part of Victoria was auriferous, it became the object of most enterprising men to seek out new places with a view to enriching them- selves. And if here and there a party stumbled on a lead, it was their fault if they did not make the most of it. They did not think of Govern- ment rewards in the distant future, but, with an entirely selfish view, "Rifled the bowels of their mother earth For treasures better hid, Opened into the hill a spacious wound, And digged out ribs of gold." It is difficult to see why, even supposing them to be truth-tellers, they can have claims on public gratitude at this time of day. Mr. FRENCHAM—pre- suming, of course, that he was the actual discoverer of Bendigo—may, with a view to possibilities, pose as a benefactor to the colony, but it must not be forgotten that there may be hundreds of in- dividuals who are heartily sorry that Bendigo was ever found. Those who have bad losses may be inclined to look upon him as anything but a friend. To justify the payment of reward it is necessary to prove exceptional service, and it is to be feared for his own sake that that is what Mr. FRENCHAM will be unable to do. He will, however, assist in the writing of history, for, whichever way the committee decides, the revelations are likely to be in- teresting from the point of view of those who are really anxious to know who first found gold at Bendigo. It may be that the committee will be able to point to the right man while setting aside Mr. FRENCHAM'S claim. In that event, and if the true discoverer obtains a reward from Parliament, he will be base and ungrateful indeed if he does not share it with the enterprising gentleman who has led the way in the attempt to " discover " the resources of the Treasury. No progress was mido with tho Publia Works Committee Bill yosteiday in con sequence of the Opposition l-using the old point us to the financial relations of the two Houses Sa Bi IAN O Loam EN and his friends worl ed themsohts into quito an unneceBsuy heit in declaring that to piss tho bill as it stands is to lum the Assembly lho same measure is m opeiatioii in the cistei colonj, whoro the simo constitution oxists as hoie, ind no one has suggested that tho Sydney Assembly lins suiren derod its priviltees is dobisod, and is riracticallv non existent is a financial powoi, though theso no tho diro ícsuits ipuiehonded hoie As i matter of fact tho members of the Loaishtivo Asseniblj of ]Now South VA aloa, from Sa 111 vi Y PAI K_S downwards are is jealous of thou rights mid privilc.es as no an} of tho deolamn tory membors of tho Victoum Left and if thoy vveio told that thoy had made a ' shameful surioudei ' thoy would bo some« h it uritated, unless in deed, tho ludicrous view of the case presented itself to thom As the bill stands, all public worl s of a gieatai cost than £20 000 go bo foro the permanent committee foi roDort And the Opposition nuumont 13 that as an ltoni reported from the com mittee, and approv ed of by tho House, is to bo embodied by the Government m a bill, the Legislative Council will hue public works of moto than £20,000 before it in separate measures, which it can deal with and reject apart from the Estimates as 1 whole The point 13 of little 1111 portante JChoro is no desne to disturb tho existing constitutional pi íctico by anv sidow md , and as to Mimsteis being guilty of any vile machinations in this direction, it is obuous to all that thoy have adopted the Sydney machinery 111 all good faith It is easj, however, to allay tho susceotibihties that have been awakened here It seoms to us quito possible to omit the prowsion requiring the Government to act upon the decision of tho committee after it has been adooted by the House Hie Government of the day would give efiect to tho ropoit of the committee after the Houao liad appioved of the rocommendation, as a mattoi of course, and in the ordinary constitutional mininer-foi if it did not the House would soon want to know the reason why The provision is there foio superfluous i ho Now South Wales Parliament provided for too much Or the bill which is to givo effect to the vote ofj the House could bo the Appropi ration Bill lho Government lias, indeed, only fianklv to say that the roc-isuro does not contemplate the sending up of public woiks to tho Council item bj item m separate bills, and the machmeiy can be readily adjustod It would bo a pity, however, to eliminate public works from the operation of the moasurc, and to confine it to railway lines, as Sir Bin AN O LOGHLEV susL'estB. inasmuch as there are many public works, such as irrigation and waterworks schonies, about which the country and the House aro entitled to full information Jt\oi should tho meusuio be restricted to two or three jours' operation, as Mr MOMO pro poses If the schema dots not work, the act eau be repealed But if it be » success, it is well not to expose it to the danger of being stonewalled by sonio group of disgusted log rollers 01 by some little knot of obstructionists in a House nioio factious than is tho Assembly of to day Some time was occupied on the meeting of the Legislative Council yesterday in the further discussion of Mr Coppins motion m favour of forming an open crescent or square near the intersection of Swanston and 1 linders streets na un approach to the new station A number of members seemed of opinion that while the plans adopted by the Railway Commissioners would bring about a _reat improvement upou the present state of allairs, it might be possible, by making a few more concessions, to secure its much open space as was contemplated by Mr Coppin a motion Sir TredencU sargood suggested that the question aliould be referred to a select committee, who would be able to confer with the experts of the Rail nu) department, and as Mr Cuthbert offered no opposition to this proposal on behalf of the Government, it wua adopted The Pleuro Pneumonia i .termination Bill was then further discussed in committee but did not procrees beyond the interpretation clause Debate nrose upon the definition of ' inocula tion which is to mean inoculation with such lvmph or virus UB the Governor in Council shall prescribe Several members pictured the possibility of the virus prescribed not baltic obtainable, and the question of how lone the Ijmpli could be preserved was Mgorously argued Opportunity was taken by Mr Melville to attack the bill once more on its principle, and one or two speakers again urged that the Government alone should neal with legislation of such an important description Mr Cuthbert full) udmuted this, and final!, undertook that the question should be taken up b> the Government as soon us practicable, giving little or no hope, however, that it could be dealt with this session Upon tins under standing Mr G Davis, the introducer of the bill, moved to report progrees 'I he Kew Church of England Lands Bill and the Près by terian 1 rusts Bill were then passed through their final stages and further progress waa made in committee with the Law of Lvidence Amendaient Bill '1 he Council at us rising adjourned until lueaday next. The proceedings in the Legislative As- sembly )eaterday opened with un unuaunlly large umount of preliminnrv business, and then the House went into committee on the Public Works Committee lilli. For the »hole of Government time, however, but one clause was under consideration, and not even it was passed At halt past 8pnvute members' business was culled on, and tor two hours four members debated the Courts of Conciliation and Arbitration Bill, which afforded on opportunity to make indirect references to the present Btrilce. There waa no other work done, and the House rose at 10 minutes to 11, A vain attempt was made in the I.egialn tive Assembly jesterday to pass the first clause of the Public Works Committee Bill, but a debile on a constitutional point blocked the way. The bill ia to be entitled " 'I he Public Works Standing Committee Act IS'10," but Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved an amendment to substitute the word " Kail ways" for " Public Works " Besides arguing that it waa unneieBsary to have public works schemes inquired into by a committee, he went on to submit that the Government waa seeking to undermine the consti tutional pnveleges ol the Assembly Ile based that charge upon tue tact Unit at present the Assembh lind absolute power in regard to public works, and could expend whatever money it thought necessary by a volo in the Appropriation Act, which vote could not be amended or struck out by the Cauucil. But under the bill each proposal would be embodied in ii separate bill, winch could be rejected by the Council. Jfr. Gillies, on the other band, contended that it waa ni necessary to have public workB schemes examined by a committee as railway proposal». Ün the constitutional point he Baid that the privileges ot nie House were not in jeopard) Ii they were, he would be one of the lust to object, but all the bill proposed was to constitute n com- mittee meiely to obtain information upon proposals for nul wa j a und v. or La. 'the "point" waa discussed at length, and there viere persistent and loud cr.IIB to the " liberals " to come out of their hiding and assert the rights of the Assembly. Mr. Tut hill ventured the suggestion that any privi- lege which made it easy to squander public money should be abolished Tho debate lind not been concluded when Government bills bad to give way to private members' busi- ness. The second edition of speeches on Mr Richardson's Courts of Conciliation and Arbitration Bill in the Legislative Assembly last evening did not bring the House much nearer the means of preventing strikes than it was before. For tne most part the utter- ances were in the torm of Iii) sermons on the rights of man, and resembled pulpit dis courses in length as in other features. There was a unanimous feeling that under no cir cumstaiiLei would the bill be accept- able so long na it provided penalties of fine and imprisonment for disobejing the decrees of court, and Mr. Ilichanlson undertook to modify tbe bill in that direction Mr Woods saw objection to the measure because ot the arbitration clauses He thinks that conciliation alone will provide an effective means for Betthng disputes Mr. Deakin waa both practical and dreumj. lie allowed howcourtaof conciliation lind worked Buccesofully m Frunce, 12,000 cases having been dialt witn in one jeer, and be pictured the industrial elssium of the distune future, when capital and labour would be BO closily intermingled that it would be impossible to discover any distinction between them His eloquence on the point even fascinated a stoic like Mr. Patterson, who was heard to cheer as cordially IIB. any member. The debate waa further adiourned on the motion ot Mr. Peacock. The "pur" book which liésïn the fable of the Legislative Assembly under the shadow ot the mnce is nu innocent looking volume, but is sometimes the cause of warm feeling between members. When a test division is taken neither sidewishes to appear weak, and most members like to lime their names recorded either on the division-list or the pair list. On Tuesday night Mr Derlmm was, according to his statement, victimised by the Opposition whip, Mr. Hall. Mr Derbam was anxious to be present at an im portant meeting in his electorate, and a rrnnged with Mr Webb to "pair ' with him. Mr AVebb afterwards desired to vote, and asked Mr. Hall to pair Mr Derlmm with some Op position member. Mr Hull concurred, and Mr. Webb thought himself relieved of his obligation But Mr Hall paired Mr Derbam with Mr. Butterly, who could not have been present at the div tsion, and was for practical purposes no member for the time being \- he etiquette is to pair an eficctive with an effectue, so as to enable a member desiring to absent himself to do so without weaken- ing his part}. Mr. Derbam complained that Mr. Hall had not only departed from this rule, but had taken "the unwarrantable liberty" e\en after he wns told by him (Mr. Derham) that he would not accept a pair with Mr. Butterly because he was an absent man. Mr. Hull explained that ho had Mr. Webb's approval of what was done, whereupon Mr. Derham eaid that Mr. \V>bb'a version of the affair did not agree with Mr. Hall's, -he House was left m doubt as to whose account could be cor- rect. If the absentees from the Government Bide, Mr. Wrixon, Mr. Nimmo, Ar Dunn, and Mr. Leonard had been paired according to Mr. Hall's rule, Ihe division would have shown a majority ot 15 for the Government Later on the subject was reverted to, and Mr. Derham produced a telegram tram Mr. Butterly, in which he said he bad given noone authority to pair bim on the second reading of the bill. There were further warm Inter- changes, and Mr. Deakin, Mr. Burrowes. Mr. Iliehardson, and Dr. Maloney were drawn . into the fray Mr Hall admitted that he had "paired" Mr. Butterly on "secondhand" authority. The alleged platinum discovery is not believed in by the Mining department, ns has been plainly stated on many occasions, and the Minister ot Mines in the Legislative Assembly yesterdaj aunplemented the warn- ing to investors airead) given. Replying to Mr. Hull, he said that the Government geologist and the Government analyst had careiully investigated the matter, and their opinions were adverse to the gentleman " who had caused all tho excitement." Mr llegmald Murray, Goxernment geologist, was to visit the Colac district, from which the platinum ore was ea.d to hate been obtained, and would take samples from the mine, which would be analysed by Mr. Cosmo Newberj. By this means the department hoped to be able to gue a final decision on the aucstion. For himself he (Mr. Davies) sincerely believed that co platinum existed in the formation from which it was alleged that the metal had been obtained. Some interesting matters were referred to in the Legislative Aseeinblj last evening in tbo form of questions lo Ministers. Mr Patterson informed Dr. Maloney tbn. M'. llobb's contract for work at .the Weat Mel- bourne Swamp would expire on April 10, 1891, and there waa a liability ot £5 per duy .for each day occupied bejond that time. '"But, ' said the Minister, "dclajs caused by strikes do not count." Mr. Andrews asked the Minister of Hallways if it was the inten- tion of the Government to accept an offer of 10,000 tons of Gippsland coal ne 5a per ton. Mr. Gillies replied that the Railway Commissioners did not see their way to enter into a contract for brown coal until it was deter- mined how far that coal could be profitabl) used in locomotives They were quite pre- pared to buy the coal to be mixed with black coal. On the general question of the sale of brown coal, Mr. Gillies said that he was in- formed that every ton sent to market was readily sold. Mr. C. Young asked that Mr. W. K Merry Bhould have an opportunity of inspecting "the deed of substitution, dated March 2S, 1SG0, referring to the Geelong railway, signed by Lynns, Williams, and Little." Mr. Gillies replied that Mr, Merry had bad bia caae tried by the Supreme Court and had been defeated. It waa not desirable that the matter should be re- opened "Who baa paid your costs?' asked Mr. Munro. "The Government has had to pay the coBts," replied the Premier. In reference to building society manage- ment, Mr. Zox baa given notice in the Legislative Assembly that on 'tuesday he v. ill ask the Premier the following ques- tions.-"If the Government contemplate taking any steps to obtain information as to the working of building nociones, and other huancial institutions where the savings of the general public are invested, vuthaview ot ascertaining the advances made bj tlieae institutions in the purchase ot land, or advances made upon other properties with the object of introducing new legislation it necessary. 2. The manner of keeping their accounts. 3 The preparation of balance sheets published or submitted to the meet- ing of shareholders 4 The method adopted for the auditing ot such accounts. 5 'I he responsibility of ofiicera, as well as directors, in reference thereto." Mr William Anderson, the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. J, L. Dow, the Commissioner of Lands, were } eaterday re elected tor Villieis and Heytesbury and Kura Kara respective!), no other candidates being nominated. The elections for members to rcoresent tlje Melbourne and the i_.out.iern provinces respectively m the Legislative Council will be held to da). The polling will commence at 8 a. m , and close at Opm. In the Mel- bourne Province the retiring member, fair Benjamin Benjamin, will be opposed by Mr. I- Steinfeld, gentleman, of St. Kilda, and Mr John Thomson, merchant, of Melbourne. The candidates tor the Beut in connection with the Southern Province are Mr. 'lhomua Brunton, miller, of Ascotiale, and Mr, W It Fitzgerald Moore, gentleman, ot _ls.eru vvick.' A list of the various polling booths wus publmhed m Tht Aram ot ) ester duy. The Chief Justice has not )Ct announced who ia lo be the judge to be uppomted to hear the three catea connected with tue Premier Permanent jönildiii.; Societ). His Honour is the judge whose turn it IB by rota- tion to preaide ut the criminal Bittinga next mouth, when the caaes are to be tried, but a special judge will have to be appointed to hear the Premier Per- manent cases on account of the great length of time they will occupi. Those cuses may perhaps be heard before the Chief Jus- tice, und it they should be, one of tile other judges will bave to preside over the ordinary business of the criminal sittings of the Su- preme Court. It was thought probiblc that the Premier Permanent cases would be com- menced about the Gili or 7th of next month, but the Chief Justice considers they should not be heard betöre the loth prox , winch is the time for the holding ot the criminal Bittings for tbe mouth, and they will not be commenced until that date. 'Hie evidence taken in the police court on the cLurgea ot conspiracy u-iamst the directors of the society and others lias been printed at the Government Printing Olhces, und circu- lated to the parties entitled to copies ot it The evidence bus been carefully studied by Mr. Walsh, Crown prosecutor, und the coun- sel who were engaged for Colonel Templeton ut the police court, and a consultation ot all those gentlemen was held on Wednesday to decide as to the course ut action to be adopted at the tríala. It was agreed by the conference, amongst otiier things, to rccotn I mend to the Crown Law department that no presentment should be fit«! nguinst Mr. T. Ferguson, one of the directors, or uguinat P. J. Murphy, luther of ltobert und Bernard J Murphy. If thut recommendation is adopted, only two of the Murpbjs will be tried, in- stead oi the three who were committed 'or trial. The Defence department received a cable message yeeterduy lrom the military au- thorities in India suggesting that Cnptiiins Ollicer and Inglis, whom the department in- tends to send to that country to be present at tho "cool weather camp," thould urrivc at Bombay early in November. A sum of money has been placed on the Esti- mates to provide lor the expenses that will have to be incurred in sending thoBe oliicers to India, and it is expected that it will readily receive the sanction ot the Legislature, as the officers will acquire some vuluable information whilst at the camp, and will have au opportunity of observing the manner in which large bodies of troops are encamped and manoeuvred in the field. Regarding the re-appointment of Mr. J. L. Dow, the Hamilton Spectator writes :-A mau who may chance to stand in the police court as a détendant in a criminal prosecu- tion is not, of course, necessarily in the least blameworthy. We tully agres with a view of the matter ably presented by a contemporary whose words we quoted in our last issue, and admit that the discharge of Mr. Dow by the police magistrate before whom it was sought to establish a prima facie case against him must be accepted as a vindication of the bon. gentleman's personal character for what the law may regard as honesty. But we require, or at least should require, some- thing more than mere legal honesty from one to whom we commit the great affairs of the state. We are surely not un- reasonable in expecting that be who takes office as a Cabinet Minister Bbould occupy a plane somewhat higher than that in which ure found mea whose practices may never bring them within the clutches of the criminal law, but whose doings are not of a clinructer that wins approval from the moral sense of the community. Technically Mr. Dow is guilty of no crime known to the law ; he would be a bold partisan of that fortu- nate Minister who ventured to say that ho ia morally blameless. But, quite apart from the criminal aspect of the case, and writing as we do under the restraint imposed by the knowledge that the colleague! of the Minister ot Lands in the association directorate are at present awaiting trial on grave oharges, we may be permitted to say that the police court ' evidence was by no means Buch as nbsolved Mr. Dow from grave personal blame In a position of gre it trust and responsibility, SB the ens todwn of the interests of hundreds ct people, who put confidence in him as an individual, and os a Minister in whom the »lO-'c-se obiii" sentiment might have been expected to be vital ana strong, ne was at least callous and neglectful. If he did not betrov his truät by either direct or indirect peculations, he as certainly did so by that species of dishonesty which is comprehended m a disregard of the responsibilities attached to a position be was content to fill, and the emoluments of which he enjoyed And this is the man who, while those who were associated with hiai in the discreditable business ore so soon to stand in the dock, is entrusted with one of the highest public ofhecs in the gift of the State. Mr Patterson yesterday, in the absence of the Munster of Public Wrorks, receued u. de putation from Geelong, regarding the deepening and widening of the channel lead ing info Corio Ba\ The deputation pointed out the importance of the work, and the urgent necessitj of having it done as ex peditiously us possible In replying, Mr Patterson stated that it would be useless to obtain too Otago Harbour _rust dredge, which has been dredging in llobson's Bay for some months past for the Melbourne Hurbour Trust, as it was a centre bucket dredge, like the dredge John Nimmo, belonging to the Public Works department and there fore required a depth of at least 14ft of water to float in before it could commence dredging ne would, however, bring under the notice of bia colleague the advisability of reinowng the John Nimmo from the booth Channel to the bar at the entrance to the Geelong harbour in about six weeks' time, so aa to follow the dredge Alligator, winch waa at present working there deepenio. the water over the bar to a depth of 14ft It was ex pected that in this way the chanuel would be widened to 132ft. and deepened to 22tt by Jauuary or lebruary, 1802 In the meau time, pending the removal of the John Nimmo to Corio Buj, the Alligator would bo | employed in deepening the present cbnnnel to u uniform depth ot 22tt. Mr Patterson | pointed out that aa the department could not allow Mr. G. Higgins, the owner of the Von i Schmidt dredge, to postpone the work o£ re I claiming the Elwood Swamp, that dredgo could not possibly be sent to Geelong before July, 1891, and as it would take eight months to complete the work, the removal ot the I bar would, under those circumstance-, be I accomplished by the John Nimmo and Alligator combined at aa early a date as | would be the case if the Von Schmidt dredge were employed on the work. A deputation from the Port Melbourne I Council waited on Mr Pat crson )esterda>, in the absence of the Minister ot Public Works, concerning the reclamation worl.s at the Port Melbourne lagoon It was ex plained to the deputation that the Public Works department would at once cause an embankment to be made across tbe lagoon in a line with Graham street, so that it could be used as a roadway to take tile place of the old bridge over the lagoon at that place A temporary opening would be left in the embankment to permit of the drainage flow ing through it to the sea. the department waa about to call tor tenders for the construe non of two main drains ulong cither aide of the lagoon from the place where the drainage from Port Melbourne and South Melbourne entered it to the pumping station near House street, sous to intercept and prevent any duty water .lowing into the lagoon and creating a nuisance It was expected tbnt that work and the pumping station would be completed in January next and the li"oon could then be flooded with pure water so as to ore vent the mud on the bottom becoming ex posed to the rays of the sun and termenting thereby caubing a nuisance to the people in the neighbourhood In the meantime the department would, inBtead of filling up pirt of the lagoon to the permanent level, fill it up merely above high water level so as to pre lent the dnuna.e BpreadniL our the whole ot it and to Btop the mud bein,; exposed af low water It was state I that the de partaient bud n small Von Schmidt at work at Albert park, und as soon na it hud completed the work there it would be removed to the mouth of the lanoon, and would pump up and force through pipe* material from near (he forcshoie which would All up the lagoon in a few months This would lend to the work of reclamation being done much more cheaply than if it were done in the ordinary vvu), by emptying bar_.es contaiiun¿ silt by manual labour A deputation from the Bhire council of Nunawading was introduced to the Minister of Justice )esterday by Dr Dobson, M LC, and Mr Ive)S, M L A , with respect to the erection ot a new court house at Box Hill Ihe deputation urged thnt a new court house was much required Sir Cuthbert replied that no money could he placed on this year a Latimates for one He would, how ever cuuae ofbcial inquiries to be made ou the mutter, and would consider the npphcu tion with the view 01 deciding whether a new court house Bhould be provided for on next yeur s I stimates It was then suggested by one of the deputation that the Hhire hall mii-ht be rented temporanlj by the Crown Law department and used as a court house until a new building couul be erected, and Mr Cuthbert said he would consider the suggestion if an oiler of the hall were made by the shire council at a reasonable rate 1 he deputation also asked that nu additional justice of the peace should be appointed for the district, and Mr Cuthbert replied that the Cabinet hud already decided not to appoint any more magistrates for tbe pre sent, except in very urgent cises Colonel Barker, of the Salvation Army, Dr Singleton, and the Itev J M'Cutchun, waited on the Minister of Justice j esterdsy to ask for the release ot a prisoner named 1 bomas O Donuell The deputation explained that O Donuell was convicted about eicjit j eura ago of murdering his wife, but was found to be insane throne;!] the Elliots of drink, and was ordered to be impriBCued during the pleisure of His Lxcellency the Governor ODonnell, how ever, thoroughly recovered his sense», and had since behaved eiceedingl. well in prison, and it was thought that he might now be safe!) set at liberl) Mr Cuthbert Btatcd that the proper plan for the deputation to adopt in the matter would be to draw apa petition to His Lxcelicnes the Governor pira, mc for the release of the prisoner, and that «hen the petition tins received, m quines would be made of the gaol ofiicials concerning the prisoner, and, it tbey were lound to be satisfactor), the prater of the petition would be considered \e3terda) Mr Groom ML V., presen'eda petition from some residents of W eat Gipps land to the Lands department praying; that a reserve for a township site miLlit be survived and sold 1 y auction adjoining the proposed Stony Creek station, on the Great Southern railway line The result of the election for the warden ship of the University Senate waa declared yesterday in favour ot Dr M Inertie., who polled 192 votes as against Professor Liking ton with C8 votes and Mr W E Johnston with 20 votes Dr Míneme), who was nominated by Mr W arnngton Bogers, Q C, and Dr James Robertson, Becured the largest number of votes ever given to a candidate for the wardenahip ne is the jonngeBt member ot the senate and the firat Australian native who has held the position, his predecessors being Dr Ilearn, Dr Madden, Mr Andrew Harper, and Mr C A Topp, who retired by efHuxion of time, and did not Beek reelection lhe voting waa conducted according- to the method of representation of minorities de vised by Professor Nason, and adopted by the senate The council of the Victorian Chamber ot Manufactures wuited on the Premier yester day morning to urge the desirability of state assistance in developing the coalfields of Victoria, by means of railways or tramways connecting with existing railways Mr Gillies said that wben it was proved that a payable deposit of coal existed, and that the company owning the miuiur, rights were willing themselves to develop tbe mine by constructing a railway or tram was, the Government would be prepared to extend ita aid The mines instanced by the deputation I were the Strezlecki, Jumbunna, and Coal Creek, and it was Btated that under ten miles of connecting lines would enable the com- panies to supplj the whole of the city of Melbourne with good and pure black coal. Under the auspicp» of the Scots Church Young Men's Guild Professor Tucker will deliver a lecture on "Poetry, Culture, and Character" this evening, at 8 o'clock, in the upper hall of the Athenieum. Thejpubhc are invited to attend 'Ihe montbl> meeting of the Royal Horti- cultural Society c Victoria was held on Tucsdaj eteuing The lion secretary of the Richmond Horticultural Society intimated that that society hail decided to withdraw an oner ot a contribution to a spring show, owing to the lateness of the season The proceedings of a special meeting held to con- sider the question of holding a combined spring show were reported. The meeting, alter consideration of the subject, decided that the Kojal Horticultural Societj was riot in a position to again combine with the Brighton society, as suggested by the latter Lod>. The curator's report to the gardens committee mentioned that the peach aphis was again becoming troublesome and neces- sitating preventive measures. Mr. G. Graham, M L A , was elected n member. A question as the liability of certain portions of church land for rates was brought before the Pull Court >esterday in a com- plaint of 'Jhc ilavor of Sale v. Beat up The defendant ¡3 a trustee ot land nt Sale held for Presbyterian Church purposes. A church is built on part of tbc ground, a Sun- day school building on another part, a manse on another. Rates were paid for the mause. '1 lie council exempted from rating the church building and the approaches to it, but rated the school building and a pad- dock. The rate on the school was afterwards remitted, but the council sued Mr Bearup for the amount of the rata on the' paddock. 'Ihe defendant contended that it waa not liable to ba rated, a9 it was a portion of the land which was used ex- clusive!} for public worship, and no one had any beneficial occupation of it. It was used for the reception of horses and buggies of persons who attended divine service, and the horse of the munster alao graced on it. The justices held that the land was exempt from rating, and dismissed the complaint. The municipal council appealed to the Full Court lo have this order reviewed. The Court, however, held that the justices were right, that the land was exempt from rating, and the complainants' application was dismissed with costs Mr Isaacs appeared for the complainants ; Dr. Madden for the defen- dant, An application was made to Mr Justice Hood in the Supreme Court yesterday on behalf of Messrs. Duffy and Wilkinson, solicitors, for an injunction to reBtram Mr. I Arthur William Pace, another solicitor, from practising, either directly or indirectly, as attornej, solicitor, or convevancer within a radius ot 30 miles of the towna of Sejmonr or Kilmore, or either of them, until the trial of the action or till further order. 'Ihe dé- tendant had entered into an agreement in I860 with the plaintiffs to manage the plain ' tiffs' business ut Kilmore and Seymour. He was to receive a Balary and a portion of the profits during tbe continuance of the agree- ment The agreement might be terminated on the giving of a month's notice. The defendant agreed that he would not practise directly or indirectly as an attorney, solicitor, and con- veyancer for Gve years from the termination of the agreement within a radius of 30 miles of the towna of Seymour or Kilmore Ile contracted to pay a penalty of £1,000 for breach ol this portion of the agreement. The plaintiffs brought an action against the de- fendant for breach of the agreement, and in the meantime asked for an interlocutory in- junction to restrain lum from practising Mr. W. Shiels appeared for the plaintiff«. Mr. Iii.gina, for the defendant, contended that he was not liable, as the agreement against practising WBB unreasonable and in re straint of trade He asked that the injunction ahould not be grauted, on condition that the defendant would pay into court any sums he received from the practice pending the hearing ot the case Mr Justice Hood said that he was inclined to agree witb the pliuntifls'view of the contract, but he might be nrong, and as the case would pro bably not come to trial for at least three months, dciendunt might be injured bj being prev ented from practising He would therefore dismiss the application for the injunction on the détendant undertaking to pay into court nil the moneys he received hereafterIrom his practice, and keeping an account of the business done bj him since the 7th August, 1800 , the costs of the application to be costs in the cause A petition has been presented to Mr Jus lice Hood for the winding up of the General Mutual Investment and Building Society '1 he petitioning creditor ia Mr John i_evi, ot Hinders street, who has recovered a judg ment against the society tor £374 11s Gd , the amount of deposit and interest 'I he petition will be adjudicated upon on Monday, the 22nd September The curator of the estates of deceased persons has obtained rules to administer the estates of the following deceased persons, under the Act No 100 -William Donnelly, 30 Regent street, Prahran, died 23rd Septem her, 1880, £25 .Thomas Evans, the Consump ttve .Sanatorium, Echuca, died 3rd August, 1S90, £91 7s Gd , John Gibson Melbourne, died lflth Tul}, 1S0O, £1G4 10s , Agues Bourne Grimes, Purl side, Adeluide, S A , died 13th lune, 1800,130 , '1 humusIX narvey, Acheron, died ldth August, 1890, £5115s , John Jones, Pynaent ätreet, Horsham, died 10th August, 1-90, £-3 3s 7d , Edward Arthur Kirkham, Ben Yarra, near Eltham, died 22nd April, 1890, £88 4s 9d., Augustus Ludby, Lindenow, died Gth Julj, 1890, £150, John Peregrine, Gooramadda, died on or about 23rd lune, 1890, £250, Lloyd Rayner, 397 Smith street, Fitzroy, died 31st August, 1S90, £1,227 Ij lOd , Jacob '1 ropp. Warragul and Melbourne, died ¿uth August, 1809, £33 Gs lOd The Kew Council were informed on Tues dny evening by the local inspector that he had procured a sample of bread from the driver of a cart belonging to a baker who had a contract for one of the public institutions The bread was found on analysis to contain 20 grama of alum He had been advised that a prosecution could not be instituted under the Millers and Bakers Statute, as pro ceedings must be taken within 4S hours after the bread had been procured It was also necessary under the IlenMi Act that the bread should be purchased and naid for, but in this instance the man had none for sale, and he took it without payment, telling him at the time his intention of having it analysed The council decided to forward a copy of the analysts and inspector s reporta to the Chief Secretary s department mid the Public Health Board, in the hope that some action would be taken in justice to the local bakers, the offender being an outside tradesman The executive committee of the Chant) Organisation Society held its weekly meeting on laeeriny, at the oflicee, 2') Collins place, Professor Morris being in the chair Corre spondence dealing mainly with the appoint ment of local secretaries for the conference in November next, in (.ueensland and South Australia, was read Iwenty six cases, new and old, were reported by the secretary, some of these being cases of gross im posture The monthly meeting of the Royal Society of Viciona will be held in the society's library this evening at 8 o'clock, and after the routine business Professor Orme Masson will read a postscript to the paper last read by linn , a second, contributed by Professor R Tate, of Adelaide, on the shell bearing mollusca, and a third on New Britain currency, or abell money, by Mr Ii. H. Rickard, will be read, after which Mr Ellery will communicate the result of bis re quest that pendulums might be sent from Kew Observatory to Victoria for the purposes of a gravity survey. Yesterday Mr M T Best was invited by the trustees of the Exhibition to inspect the large organ m that building Whilst acknowledging the many good points of the instrument, Mr Best explained that the same detects which prevented him from play ing on the Town hall organ existed also in this one It should be understood that it ia not the tone and quality that are found fault with, ae Mr Beat considers the Town hall organ unusually good in these respects. It ia the absence of the mechanical contri- vances for throwing out the stops, and also the only partial utilisation of the pneumatic action, which makes it impossible for anyone with the reputation of Mr W T Best to keep up to his proper standard without enormous ab our and consequent fatigue. It must be remembered that one of the important fea- tures in this great artist's performances, apart from the absolutely perfect technique on both manuals and pedals, is the con- tinually changing and always appropriate tone colouring imparted to all his readings, which necessitates the mechanical arrange- ments above mentioned As these were in UBe at the St. George's Hall organ (Liverpool) BPver.il v ears before the Melbourne one left the Lnglieh shores, the omission was a seriouB blander, which should be remedied as speedil) as possible In the meantime we have lost an opportune) winch may never occur again ot hearing one of the most cele- brated organist« of this or any other century. No one can blame Mr Best for refusing; to play at all unleaa he can do so with bia usual effect, which is rendered almoBt impossible at the Town hall After msoecung the Ex- hibition instrument, the party, which in- cluded the Premier, Mr. L L. Smith, and many leading musicians, adjourned to au adjoining room, where Mr. Beat's health was drunk. The mayor and mayoress of Collingwood, Councillor Pitt mid Mrs Pitt, entertained a large number of guests, estimated at SOO, at the local town hall laet evening. Amonest those present were the mayors and town clerks of the various suburban muni- cipalities, including representatives from the City Council and the Parliamentary members ot the district. The hall waa taste- fully decorated by Messrs fe. and G. John- son, florists An excellent band was pro- vided, and the catering arrangements were entrusted'to Mr. Skinner. Dancing; was kept up until an early hour this morning, and suit- able accominodatio i was made for the con- venience of the visitors "Romeo and Juliet" will be produced to- morrow night, at the Theatre Royal, when Miss Eugenie Duggan, an Australian artiste, will make ber debut in the character of Juliet, supported by her brother, Mr. P. J. Duggun, and the Royal Company. The bon. secretaries, Mesara Dight and Glass, announce tbnt owing to the whole of the seats in the dress circle having been taken to da., they have decided. to resorve ten rows of tbe stalls. At the Theatre Royal, this evening, the final performance of Mr George Darrell's dramatisation of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab" will be given, and will terminate Mr. Darrell's season in Melbourne. In response to the appeal made in The Argus of Tuesday hy Mrs. Oliver, on behalf of a single lady in temporary misfortune, we have received the following:-John Buckley, £1. , Mr. Harry Emmetton, of Ludstone-cham bers, Collins-street, has been appointed a notary public. Mr. William H. God, head master of All Saints'Grammar School, East St. Kilda, and president of the Berwick Shire Council, was sworn in yesterday betöre hia Honour Mr. Justice Hood as a justice of the peace for the central bailiwick. The committee of the Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorak Creche report having re- ceived 8G children at the creche during the month of August. The cash in the bank to date is £71 2s. 3d. A monster meeting of milk producers of Victoria' will be held at Woods's Hotel, Spencer-street, at 2 p. m. on Thursday, Sep- tember l8. The business ia of vital import- ance to all concerned. The annual meeting of the Melbourne Diocesan Deaconesses' Home and Mission to the Streets and Lanes is to be held to-day, at 4 p.m., in St. Peter's schoolroom, Albert street. The Bishop of Melbourne will pre- side. 