CHAPTER XXI. For a minute, perhaps, after the disappear ance of Ur. itothwell and the lawyer into the I aifyes, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, j with etrninefleyes nriti liste-Sag eRTg. , ae'l | ufBn lnrmtSac a frantio ruuli.aiihe door.--" St. Auhyn leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, the lawyer anti Mr. Roth well went down with ;t. “I’m ante," lie articulated, in a strange, ohoking whisper, aa he' groped at the look; “ that fall must have killed them instantly. From the turret down to the old donjon 1 It is terrible to think of, though 1 But they forced mo to it. Why couldn't they let me alone? Curse this door 1—shall I never get it open ? Ah, here’s the key in my pocket. His hands shook, his very knees bent under him. At last ho got the door open,, and rushed out headlong, aa if a ghost were at his heels. “Seymour, Seymour 1” he called, stumbling on towards the great stairway, From a shadowy corner the old man sud denly shot np. “ What is it—what’s the matter, my lord ?" he gasped, bis face not less ghastly than his master's. “ Who said anything wa3 the matter?” re turned S’-. Aubyn, hotly. “Stand oft, yon idiot ? Why do you stare at mo ho ?" “ Ob, my deer young master,” entreated the poor old man, with his affrighted eyes raised to the young man’s face, “ what have you dona?” St. Auburn raised liia hand as if to strike at him in bis sudden rage and fear. Will you cease asking me questions ?’’ he cried. “Nothing is the matter, only I’m going away to-night—this hour. I’ve had news from London. I must etart at once. Are you ready to shut np the house, ns I or dered ?” The old man bowed his head, and then addod, in his tremulous voice : “ My lord, what have yon done with our guests ?" “Done with them I” eohoed St. Auhyn, seizing hi3 arm and forcing him down to words the stair3, “ I have done nothing with them. They are gone—gone to catch the London train—and I am going too. Be quick I Havo out the horses aud shut up' the house, and don’t ask another question, if you value your life.” The old man obeys, wringing his hands and moaning as he descends the winding St. Aubyn darts back to the door of the black drawing-room, shuts it and looks it, putting the key in his pocket, and then fol lows in old Seymour's steps with a strange feeling of relief, ae if he had looked his dark night’s work safe and secure in that turret room. He crosses the draughty corridor, and makes his way straight to hi3 wife’s rooms. She is yet sitting before the smouldering ashes, wrapped in her soarf, her brown hair dinging to her white thin cheeks, the tears not yet dry upon her long ashes. She is fast asleep, poor, weary little Be3s, and lost in a happy dream. A vivid smile lights her still features, her hands are clasped, and she murmurs indistinctly : “ Ah, Bsdmond, Bedroom!, is it you 2" cries Bess. St. Aubyn drops on his knees beside her ehair, and takea the slender figure in his arms,—(7b bi (ontinued.) 