. novelist. Ill HAUNTED HUSBAND ; on, lady Clictwyml's Si-cctrc. . By Mrs. II ah riet Lewis. ? ? ? OILU'TER XIII.— (Continued.) .Bat now the door of the bath-room 8 opened suddenly, and a slender, white § total figure stole swiftly into the hall- ns if; 8 pursued, and glided like a beam of light 8 along the ball to tho rear' intersecting 8 corridor, It wns Bsrnice 1 Monk flow 8 liter her in bis list slippers as silently as 8 (be. Slio ran fleetly down the long hall and 8 turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind ? her. 8 Thov had scarcely passed beyond tho 8 groat hull when Lord Chetwynd opened the 8 door of the bath-room, and came out in 8 wild pursuit. But Bernice and Monk were 8 both beyond tho range of his .vision. The 8 iceming spectre wns flying along th'6 aim' | corridor toward an unused portion of tho | extensive mansion, not stopping or looking I bsck, She gained another iiall, from wbioh I a flight of stairs ascended, and went up the I stairs with still rapidity. Monk came I swiftly a little way behind her. She must' I have been conscious of the pursuit, but still 1 she did not oast a backward look over her I shoulder. Up one flight, then another, I and Bernice bad gained a rogion of unused I attics in the more ancient portion of -the I dwelling. I She ran across a dim passage into a little, I I hare and empty room, lit up by tho moon I \ ighi '.lint streamed in at tho dormer win | | dows. She bad run into a trap, and seemed I I to realise the fact, for she ran about the I room wildly, and then retreated to a I farther corner, uttering a low, strange I cry, and covering her face with her hands. Monk entered tho room, and closed tho door. Bernice, in her moonlit corner, panted and trembled. Monk pushed tho bolt home in its socket, and approached her, ; 'Bernice !' lie said, softly. I Tho girl started, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with distended eyes. 'Gilbert I' she ejaculated. 'I — I thought it wns lioy.' 'Mo, it is I. I heard from Mrs, Growl that you had strangely disappeared from I Maivr Caslie, and 1 knew yon would come here. I arrived myself only to-night.' 'With Hoy f Oh, -how ho is changed, Gilbert! My poor darling i How grave and stern he has grown ! And how his soul leaped out at me from his eyes 1 Ho is looking for 1110 now. Hark 1 Is ho coming this way ' 'No, llemico. These rooms have not, been used in years. Ho will not find' you,' 'i must go to liim,' cried the girl, in her sweet, impel nous voice. 'Now — now — this minute 1 I knew you were at tho Park, andlwent.to your old room, Gilbert, but you were not there, Release mo from my oath. I must go to my husband.' 'Bernice, listen to mo. I have something to say to you first— ' 'Not a word. Why, he's looking for mo sow, ne thinks rae a ghost. Release me Aon my oath. I must go- to him. Is ho calling/ Let mo go, Gilbert, In God's tamo, lot me go to my husband !'. } 'Not yet, Bernice — not until you listen to what I have to Bay,' said Monk, firmly. 'Chetwynd thinks you a spectre, as yon say. *0 will go bnck to his room presently. There's time enough ; hut you must listen to me.' 'Then speak quickly. How can I wait t flo thinks me dead — ho wants mo — ' 'How do you know that ho wants you asked Monk, in crisp, hard tones. Bemicc scarcely seemed to understand. Monk repeated the question. 1 1 IIow do I know 1 Why, because I want, hnn, Oh, I lovo him so I I must go to him. Beleaso mo from my oath, Gilbert—' 'Hear me first. Bernice, I havo thought you the bravest, the noblest, the most genor ous of Women, hut you aro selfish like the fiec' ^'°11 a'° 'ot unl,a^° o£ solfsaori ' That s'if-sacri(ice /'.nsked the girl, in a sharp whisper, ' Are you capable of it sublime selfnbne BMion/' demanded Monk, his black eyes all f nllamc. 'Can you immolate Self on tho j'hac of your luishnnd's happiness / I have | thought; that there was in you the stuif of which m'aityrs are made j but, ah! you are I Use all th.y rest, regardful only of your own Petty love,' And yet. there have been women what have sacrificed themselves for their husbands—' ' Gilbert, wlmt do yen mean ?' cried Bernice, her voice ringing sharply on the 'What was your last act before falling 'Ho the trance in which you were consigned to your tomb 7' nsked Monk, in n stern voice, ' Bernice teemed about to answer, but Paused, deathly white. ' Ton remember ? Vour last act wns to clasp the hands of Cliotywnd and Sylvia Monk together. And what was your last Words?' . ... No answer enmo from the girl's white lips, cue began to understand his drift. lour last words were to bog Ohotwyrid, iter a suitably season of mourning/for you, e marry Sylvia Monk,' declared Gilbert; in is passionless voice, 'Was itnotBO?' Bernice looked at bin} dumbly, a world of gko'm'18 W°° 'n ll0,r 6r.e0' viv|d.v®y®9 o£ l! ^oa do not contrndict mo. Sburlasfc apt! nn vaur scomini? death was, to reunite thoso two who had been so terribly parted. And they were glad you gavo tliom back to each other. After consigning you to the burial vault, Ohotwynd returned homo and had n privnto interview with Sylvia. In that interview all wns made straight be tween them. Chetwynd thought it bent to spend tlic'year of his mourning nhrond, and I10 went. Ho would not expose his future wife to malicious comment, ilo returned to day. This very evening Ohotwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Your day is past — it is another's now I Your plnco is filled. Yon nre not wanted here. Tiio revelation that you livo will only bring dismay and honor, Bernice, from my soul I pity you I My heart bleeds for you I' .- - Tho girl drooped silently on her knees in tho wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her brenst. 'There' bnvo been women,' said Monk, after a long silence, ' so self-abnegating that upon such a roturn to life they would go away in silence, without revealing tho blasting Becret of their continued life. Are there such women now?' There was a long and torrlblo pause. Monk waited in breathless suspenso for her response, but lie bad Jong to wait. At last her low and broken voico cut sharply through tho Btillness, with the wordB : But I am his wifo, you know. We said, ? until death do us part and I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second m.-irriago, while I live, would bo illegal.' 'Not so. Death annuls all tics. You seemed to die, and were buried. Yon aro supposed to bo dead— you are dead, in the oycB of tho law,' said the villain, with nn air of reluctant sincerity.-) 'If you were to reappear, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to make you Olietwynd's wifo. I repeat, that in the eyes of the law you aro dead. Olietwynd's second marriage would be legal and valid.' - ' Tho girl, brought up in a far island of the sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignoTant upon ninny points on which an English school-girl is well informed, having implicit'relinnce upon and faith in' the mnn who had rescued her from the tomb, believed him 1 ;? ''' ?' ' I, will go away,' she said, in a voico so Btrange thnY Monk .hardly recognised it. lam (Lrad in the oycs of, the law. It will bo no'.crirae for ttamitajmuriy. I heard him call her liis ' promised wife I saw him kiss her. They shall .be' nappy. * I love him so well that I will dio even for his sake I' V And you will go baoklto Mawr Castle?' Tlie'pirl nodded dumbly. ' I'lkfmd Flack, He shall hire n carriage, and drive you to some station beyond East bourne, It would not be well for you to bo seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will ac company you back to tho castlo. You have done si brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing up Roy, Bernico. I admire you for your sublime self-sacrifice. I will make your future my charge. I. will bo your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Wait here, Rornice, while I go! to find FlaCk and send him for the car riage. I will return nnd seo you safely out and on your way with him.' Bernice again nodded assent, nnd ho went out, leaving her alone in the bare, cold room, in tho pale stream of moonlight. He made liis way down to the edge of tho park, and rendily found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of tho trees. Monk communicated the fnct of his success, and 'sont his ally to the little inn at Chct wynd-hy-Sea for the ' required carriage. Haying seen him depart, fully instructed, Monk stole back again into tho house. All was still now in rooms nnd corridors. He crept along the dim passages, and ascended the stairs to the attics. - He entered the little room in which he had left Bernice. She was not there I He stood as if trans fixed. Wlint had happened ? Had bIi'b been dis covered ? ' . Had she repented her selfsaeri fice 1 His wild eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor in the broad sheen of the moon light. Ho bounded toward it and picked it up. . Mt wns a leaf from Bcrtiice's note- book, and there was writing on it. Ho struck a fusee; hud''* rend the irregulnrly scrawled words. ' They had been written by Bernice, and -weio-ns follows:' '? \ 'Gilbert: I havo given him up. I shall respect ray oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him yet. One more look at his dear face— to hear his voice again — to see him sleeping — surely I may bo per mitted these without fenr of wronging any one. Do not search for me. I may go bnck to .Mawr Castle in time— not now. My only thought now is that bo Ib here and I must be near him, myself unseen.' That was nil. Monk sought for her through nil the hours of -that 'night. -He listened-at Clietwynd's. door j ' howns in an agony 'of unrest and- foreboding, for hiB search wns in vain. He did not flud'hor I CHASTER XIV. . A REALITY UNDER TIIE SEEMING, Upon the morning after, the double dp-, penranco of the ' spectre ' of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Bark, tho family met at the breakfast table at the usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleepless and anxious night. Tho young maTquis had been so absorbed in-- thoughts of Bernice throughout the .night as to have quite for gotten his second betrothal to Miss Monk. ' ? But Sylvia; ns maybe supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her mnnnor, a soft relinnce upon him, a loving .deference, that recalled to Lord' Chetwynd the fact that she' was h's betrothed wife. His face, however, did not brighten nt tho romcnibrnncc, nnd the haggard look in his bluo eyes even deopcncd. He was strangely silent throughout the meal, although Sylvia and Gilbert Alonk, who came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free: from anxiety and care. . : After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Obotwynd's arm1 with' the air of one having a' right to its support, and walked through the great hall to the winter morning-room. ' Oh, Roy,' Bho .'said, 'how happy I am I Your wife, and mistress of Ohetwyr.d Pnrk i Llfo holds no joys that can compare with these. And, Roy, don't tlijnk me unmald enly if I speak to you regarding -our betro tlinl. As the poor dependent, my -life is a hiirden to mo. I tliink lt would bo hut fnlr and just to mo that our engagement should bo proclaimed ait oncei' My. position will then be mnido elenr, and I shall hot feci com polled to seek other shelter.' ' . Cliotwypd winced a littlo. . He . would have preferred not to nnnouhee, his engage ment of marriage .so soon after , his. return homo, blit lie reluctantly ncqiiiesced to'Miss Monk's desire/ .. „ .i , ' ' '' : ' I know ybu would think'ns I do,' said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction; x'l'.l. pre- sumed upon your consent to my wishes,1 and have already ^communicated tlio fact of our engagement to Mrs. Skewer a'nd to Ragce. I shall write a' note to Lady Welby to-day, informing her also, atul.slio - will spread tho news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to seo mo at once. And, Roy, .when she asks, mo how soon we nro to bo married, , what, shall I say to her?' . :Chetwynd8tarted,and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. ' I do not know— I had not thought,' ho said. ' I leavo tho date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will lie ngrecablo to me.' ' Then let mo say this day two months,' said Miss Monk, vivaciously, ' It is now March, Wo will bo married in May, in the season of early flowers and good weather. Wo will have a grand breakfast here at tho Park, and a garden party, a dinner nnd a ball, to celebrate our mnrringc. And wo will then go to the Continent for, .tho Bummer dividing. our-Yjimo ''between tBpden-Badpn, - Spa. -Wiesbaden, Vlcby and TrouYllle. 'I will do you credit, Roy. I shall ho gny and charming, and ns sumptuously dressed as Eugenio in the lioighfc of her. Rlory. Ah, tlmt reminds mo/1 nnd bIio olnpped nor jewelled bends more tightly on tho Marquis s arm, nnd regarded him with, an affectation) of shyness nnd embarrassment, ' I would like to nssumo my new rauk and position witli auitablo paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word?' nnd she forced a laugh. ' I am nlrendy a pensioner upon your bounty, Roy — ' ' Not so, Sylvia. Do not use nn expression liko thnt. You havo been a dear Bister to mo, nnd have occupied au honored position in my household. You havo been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you have a suitable trousscnu,' and ho sighed heavily. ' I will give you a blank chequo to-day, and you can order your jewels, shawls, lnece, and tho rest, nt your pleasure.' Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light nnd gratitude.-, She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. Ho re turned tho cnrcBS in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that nt another time would have angered her. She talked to him gaily for n while, until the bniliff rando hiB appearance, _ nnd then Bhe glided away to her own room, ' triumphantly hnppy. ' Everything is going .on splendidly, Ra geo,' sho said, entering her dressing-room with n wild waltz. ' Chetwynd consents to the imuiediato announcement of our engage ment ; and I have appointed this day two months for tho marriage. Ho will givo mo a blatik cheque to-day for my trousseau, He cannot retreat now. I am sure to bo Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of tho ghost for an hour, and help' me to mnko out my lists forordorB and shop ping. Wo have time enough to study tho mystery nftcrwards.' Miss Monk Bat down nt hor desk and wroto nn nficetionatc noto to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering n magnificent trousseau. She also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of goods nnd garments to bo sent to Chetwynd 1'nrk for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, shawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis; Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who had been invited to remain. It was evident tlmt the bailiff had not been informed of the new roiations existing be tween his employer nnd Sylvia, Tho young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred nnd the bailiff hastened to oiler his con gratulations. After the repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to his own-room, and wns seen no more until dinner. The intervening hours wore actually spent by him in an ex amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in the hopo of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room thnt night with a sense of disappointment, half convinced that lie had been indeed the vic tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet ho sat late before the fire in his bed chnmbcr, with his cyeB fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of tho bathroom, praying that tho 'illusion' might bo repeated. He prayed in vnin. The fire burned low on his hearth. The silence of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision thoy longed for. And nt last, wearied and hopeless, he flung himself on his couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. He hnd been slumbering more than an hour, nnd his deepening breathing sounded through tbo hushed room, and tho light burned low, and the embers were dying on the hearth, when the dcor of the dressing room softly opened, nnd the ' spectre ' stole into tho room. No instinct warned him flint Bernice was near. Tho pulses of his heart stirred not ns she stole through tho dimness — like n ghost, indeed — to his side, and bent above him in an agony of lovo and tenderness. Her kisses fell liko snow- flakes softly on his hair, his face, his hands, and he felt them not. Ho had been much awake on tho previous night, nnd Nature was now taking her recompense. ' My dnrling I 0, my dnrling I' was the mute ory thnt filled Bernice's henrt. ' The new lovo will never worship you bb the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you ns Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to bethought dead, and yet to live — to know that regret for one is over, and thnt one is no longer missed; It is hard to Bee one's place filled — to know that another's caresses nro dearest now, nnother's voice sweetest, another's lovo most prized, I should havo died in my trnnco. Oh, God I why did I not die?' Sho bowed her head, nnd tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair goldon hair of her young hiiBband. And he who loved hor better than his lifo lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearnesB to him. Exhaustion fettered him ns a drug might have done. Bernico kissed his hnnds softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not botrny to him her presence. Her oath re strained her, A littlo whilo sho lingered, until he stirred uneasily in his sleep, nnd then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. Sho had -hidden in the attics all day. She wns cold nnd hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. Sho stood before the hearth in her dressing-room in an attitude of flight, barkening intently, and warming herself. Thero was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle of wino and some biscuits, which had been brought up by tho butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, tho butler having observed how littlo his lordship had eaten at table since his return home. Tho little attention to the marquis stood Bernico in good stend. She drank a portion of the wino and nto the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. But she might not linger here. It was time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in nn upper room now, She had chosen to lay it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if sho wore met; to ho taken for a spectre. Tho clonk was not warm enough to protect her from the chill of tho damp of tho unused rooms which sho made licr hnunt, and she stole now to one of the wardrobes nnd pulled out n lower drawer in which she had kept her Bbawls. Tbo shawls were there now ns sho hnd left them. Jlor dresses hung in the press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fillno bad arranged them. She took out ,nn Indian cnahmerc shawl which Chetwynd bad bought for her in London, nnd wrapped its Bolt folds around her. Then she closed tho drawer and crept to tho door nnd listened. Not a sound was to bo heard without. Sho opened the door and crept out into the hnll.stealing along in the dimness like n swift shadow. She crossed tho wide linll to place herself at greater distance from Chet wynd's roomB, nnd bo unconsciously pnsscd close to tho doors of the suit occupied by M'.sb Alonk. BI10 passed tho dressing-room nnd bed chamber of her East Indian rival, her henrt beating, it seemed to her, like a drum. As she came abreast the door of Miss Monk's bath- room, wbicn hnd been ajar nil tho evening, it silently opened, nnd the witch like figure of old Ragec. crept out like a flash. Bernice caught a glimpse only of tbo dusky East Indian face, which resembled n face cut from n walnut more than nnything elRO, a red turbnn, a parr of outstretched arms, {and the gleam of sinister eyes, and then she ?flew bofore .Her strange pursuer without t» word ot outcry,''* ' Tho old woman sprang upon her like a pnnther, clutching her shawl. .Bernico loosened licr hold upon It and flitted nway without it, like tho white speotro . she seemed. . , Sho hurried into tho branching corridor in a panic, but tho old woman did not pursuo her. Ragoo olutohod ' the shawl tightly in hor arms and hurried back into the bath-room. No one had been aroused. Sho went into Miss Monk's bod-'chnmber; Sylvia wns sitting up in bed nnxloua'and oxpcotnnt. ' Weil ?' said theyoung lady, Impatiently; 'You have watched all tho evening, Rngeo, depriving mo of my eleop, and what good havo you gained by it?' ' TIiIb I' cried old Rngeo, dhBhing .tho shawl down upon th»bed. 'Do youunow that shawl? I have just seon tho spectre i It came out of tho Into' Lady Chetwynd's dressing-room. It - was dressed in whito, only it woro this shawl to protect itfrom tho cold. It crossed the hall. When it cntno alongside the bath-ioom I darted out and grasped tho shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh nnd blood I tho slmwl proves that. I saw its fnco it was whito with terror J it wns changed and beautiful ; but it was tho face of Lady Chetwynd I — the fade of tho living mar chioness I It is as I have believed. Gilbert' Monk overheard our scheming, nnd outwitted us. Tho girl is alive, I tell you I Why she docs not reveal herself to hor husband I can not imagine. Sho hnB but to spenk to send you nnd mo to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made a reality I' CHAPTER XV. THE NEW CELEBRITY, We have now to relate the experiences of Mr. Tompest, tho great explorer of China and Tnrjtnry, who had been the travelling companion of Lord Ohotwynd upon tho re turn to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to Bcienoe, nnd hiB explorations nnd discoveries hnd made a great sensation in tho scientific world. He hnd sent books home to bo published under tbo auspices of tho Royal Geographical So ciety, and hiB name had become in England n household word. Upon the morning after the departure of Lord Chetwynd for Sussex— the morning after Mr. Tempest had read in tho news paper of thtf; disaster nt sen in which Mr. nnd Mrs. Gwellnn hnd perished — tho great explorer exhumed hiB manuscripts, diaries, nnd reports from his portmanteau, and mndo his way to tho hoadquartora of the Royal Geographical Society, Ho found himself received with flattering attentions. Membors throngejl around him to shako hands with hfnj. Beforo ho left the Society rooms he had received n dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. Tempest would bnve declined them all. His heart wns sore with the recont wound inflicted by the notico of 'Bernico Gwellan's' death. He wanted to return quietly whence ho had come, but so many ' FoIIowb' of tho R.G.S. combined' to combat his resolves that lie consented to remain a month in England at the least, and nccopted an invitation to dine with a lenrncd F.R.G.S.— one Sir Harry Fortescue — that very day, nnd an invitation for tho morrow with a party of scientific gentle men. ' You look harassed, Tempest,' snid Sir Harry Fortescue, as at last he walked out of tbo Booiety rooms arm in arm with the great explorer, on their way to tho baronet's club, into which Tempest had been per suaded to ' drop ' for an hour. ' You think wo rball run you to death, but when the ladies— the most indefatigable lion hunlerR in the world — come upon you, you will have to surrender at discretion. Have you ever been much in English society, my dear sir ?' ' Not of late yenrs,' replied Air. Tempest. ' I don't liko Bociety, Sir Harry, My fifteen years, moro or Icbs, in Tartnry, have not fitted mo to grace a lady's boudoir. I should like to ask after a few whom T re member. As yet I have mado no inquiries. Where is young Lord Grafton now- a- days ?' ' Dead. He died ten years since.' ' Indeed I' said the explorer. ' Cnn you tell me' anything of the Right Honorable Airs. William Moiyneur, a groat beauty and belle a dozen years ago ?' Ho naked tho question with seeming cnrelessness and indifference, his face averted. He might havo inquired, judging from his tone, after some chance acquaintance of former times. But his fnco hnd grown sud denly pale, his forehead was dewed with sweat, and his mouth quivered under his benrd. He awaited the baronet's answer in a breathless suspense. 'I remember Airs. Molyncux,' said Sir Harry. 'Who does not? She was, as you say, n great benuty. Sho hnd somo trouble with her hiiBband, I believe. I never under stood what the trouble was, but he desorted her. Sho went to one of tho German baths for her health. She never recovered from the blow of her husband's desertion. Sho came home a wreck of her former self, at-d buried herself somewhere in the country. SI10 lost her only child in its infanoy, I have heard, and had few ties to bind her to life. Iler's was a sad story. She died seven years ago—' 'Dicd?V ' Yes— of consumption, I think. Her death was in all the papers. Did you know: hor well 1' Mr. Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did he show his face to his companion, who would have beenstnrtled at its singular pallor, and at tho strango expression of emotion that convulsed it. 'I met her often in society,' tho ex plorer said at last, as tho silence grew marked and oppressive. ' Here we are at my club, Mr. Tempest,' said Sir Harry. ' I am anxiouB to intro duce you to my friends, rerhaps you may really find some of your old acquaintances among them.' Tempest hesitated. His soul wns pro foundly stirred by the news he bad just heard. Ho would, have given much to be nblo to creep nway to some friendly solitude just then, but ho conquered his long, ing, nnd with nn exercise of his almost superhuman self-control calmed his features nnd resumed liis ordinary manner. Ho accompanied Sir Harry into the club ; men of noto nnd rank woro introduced to him, and he found his name ^iud travels alike well known to Sir Harry's friends. He met no old acquaintances. He dined thnt evening with Sir Harry Fortescue, ns ho had promised. His heart was in mourning for Bernice, whom he be lieved to be dead, and nlso in mourning and, torn by tho pangs of self-reproach because of tlmt Airs. Molyneux whose story hud been so sad, and who had died so young. 'And yet what linvo I to repronoli my self for?' lie nsked himself, with unary defiance. ' I did rightly. And poor Alar guerite is dead 1 ' Died seven yenrs ago,' It is ns woll.' 5 A large pnrty hnd been arranged to succeed tho dinner. Tiio ladies drove homo to dress for tho inrger evening entertain ment, Lady Forteseuo retired to her private rooni9, and Air. Tempest adjourned with hiB host nud a fow kindred bouIs to tho library, to spend the hours intervening between the two entertainments in congenial conver sation. As tho hour grow lirto tho drnwing-rooms began to fill with gaily-drcBsed people, and the host returned with his friends to the scene of brightness and splendor. Sir Harry, as in duty bound, placed himself In close attendance, upon Lady Fortes cue, assisting her in the reception of her| guests. | Tempest was, as at the dinner, over- 1 'wbelmcd'cwith attentions,! which he. con- 1 tinued to receive' mqdestlyhnd cnolly. His* wlt-glcnmcd liko a polished sword blncio, cutting now and then to tho hone. Ha was cynical, - cool, . haughty, reserved, , nnd strangoly' enough, ho was a social success. Lady F ;tcscuo made n tour of hor grand rooms a, .ii liis arm, introducing him to vnrious indies with a prptty air of pro prietoisMp, as if meaning to assert that tho now lion was hor own CBpooinl pro perty. ' Do you know, Air. Tempest,' said hor ladyship, smiling, 'thnt I am piqued at your cynioism nnd hatred of womon.nnd tlmt I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shall bow his haughty head to tho yoko of an Englishwoman 7 No? Yqu did not bus neot my designB? Woll, I havo given you fair warning.' 'And who may this conquering English woman bo J' , * ' ' Sho is Lady Diana Northwibk. You seo her by tho window, surrounded by her adorers. She Is an Iceberg — a human ico berg— a coquetto. But is alio not. beautiful ? She is engaged to marry Lord Tentamour, who now stands nt her side, ' holding hor bouquet. What do., you think of her?' Tempest glanced in tho direction indicated to him, and beheld at a distant window, surrounded by a charmed circle of gentle men, a woman rarely beautiful — so beautiful that one having once scon her face could never forget it. Sho wns tall, regal, and statuesquo, with a noblennd queenly enrringo of licr stately figure. Her pure Greek fnco was Biipcrb in Its royal haughtiness. The red Jips wore curled in a smile that wns strangely fascinat ing nnd winning. Sho was n blonde of the purest type, wiih a complexion liko the fairest pearl. Her hair was of a palo golden tint, yellow, without a glint of red in ils luxuriant masses. It wns arranged in orApes, nnd puffs, and rolls, and curls, after the fashion of the clay, but its fanciful disorder could not concenl tho shape of her small, noble head, which was poised proudly upon her slender neck. SI10 looked nn empress, in hor robe of pnlo blue velvet, with trim mings of point lace, and ornaments of diamonds. ' Sho is very beautiful,' said Tempest, slowly. ' I can imngino a man falling in love with her, hut you say she is a coquette ? There is a disdain in lier haughty glance, as she looks around her nt this moment. Is that a revelation of licr inner liaturo ? Is she really nbovc nil these coquetries ?' ' Tho question Snows that she has already cast her gir.itfour over you,' said Lady For tescue, banteringly. 'That is always the way;' It is fortunate that you have no tie to bind you to another. Think if you should fall in love with Lady Di while you were the lutsband of some other woman? Such a thing would not bo unknown here in London. Ah, I fancy you wince, Air. Tem pest. Can it be that there is a Mrs. Tem pest in tho background all the while V Lady Fortesque inquired, smilingly. ' No ; I should say that could not bo,' said tho explorer, calmly. ' AU tho lies that once fettored me arc broken. But I am no silly moth to flutter nroiind the flame of Lady Di's benuty. 1 candidly think thnt sho is one of the most beautiful womon I have overseen — perhaps the most beautiful j but her's is tho beauty of tho glorious marble statue, not the beauty of a tender womnn. Do men call hor heartless ?' ' Yes, nnd rave about her, and go mad about her beauty. She enjoys her power, and that is why she has held her lover, Lord Tentnmour, so long at arms' length. Thoy will be married soon, I hear.' ' Who is Lady Northwiok ?' asked Tom pest. ' She is tho widow of Sir Basil North wick, n rieh baronet, who was sufficiently accommodating to die nnd leave Iter nil liis wealth. She must be nearly thirty yenru old. Did you not toll mo that you do not care for wtmen? Yet seo how long we have been talking ahout the most brilliant co quette in London. Having excited your curioBity in regard to her, permit mo to in troduce you to hor.' ' Thnnks,' said TempeBt, bowing assent. ' I daro say you are tired of me, Lady Fortescue, and aro willing to bo rid of me.' They advanced towards the reigning bolls, who welcomed the lion of the evening with a dazzling Bmile. Lady Foitescuo presented the great explorer, ,and then moved away. At the distance of a few paces she paused to speak to a guest, and her glances reverted to Lady Diana and Tempest. The Tartar traveller was already deep in conversation with the polished coquette. ' Lady Di is sure to add Air. Tempest to her list of lovers,' thought Mrs. Fortescue, with a thrill of dismay. ' Ho does not understand a woman's wiles. She would like to win the homage of tho new celebrity. I fancy ho is a widower. Thoro was a strange expression in bis eycB when I spoko of a possible Mrs, Tempest. I could fanoy. him newly bereaved when 1 remember thnt look. I am persuaded that something start ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady Di and Tempest. Ho will fall in love with her nnd ho will not go back to Tar tnry next month. But what will bo tho end?' With another glauco at tho pair, Lady Fortesque disappeared. — (7b be Continued) 