FALSE VIEW .OF " COMPREHEN- SIVENESS." ! When,, any fault is found with the extreme ritualism of a certain C.E. clerical party, rlt is their . fashion to appeal at once to the. alleged wide comprehensive ness of their churchy which comprehen siveness appears to include not only variety, but. contradictions of doctrine, and ui. .we . ntuiu wmuu iiiuHbruiuB it. 1110 apathy; and carelessness of the world at large, encourages, the party in appealing to the. alleged comprehensiveness, as for bidding all efforts for the vindication of doctrine, and truth, and proteBtant character, as inconsistent with it. But as every church iB a society, with certain rules, laws, and limits, such as all societies must halve, there muBt be some bound to its comprehensiveness, otherwise all the w.orld, .even the ungodly, and unbelievers, would 'be the church. And, the obser vance, of this limit would apply to the clergy .with more strictness than to the laity. It is quite possible for a layman to . entertain opinions not quite in harmqny with Bonie of the, doctrines of the Church to which he belongB, .and yet not feel himself obliged to withdraw from her pale! But the case of a clergyman is very afferent he is ordained for the very purpose of teaching the doctrines of his Church ; in the English Church he is required to signify his adherence to the Articles, and his consent to the Book of Commjon Prayer ; and to teach and preach the very opposite to her doctrines is 'rutterly incompatible with fidelity to his engagements. There are wide limits indeed, and always have been, allowed ;to. the clergy ; there is room for Arminian and Jfor Calvinistic views, for High and Low , Church sentiments, within her pale ; but to express the principle of compre hension, so far as. to permit the teaching of . doctrines antagonistic to those for. which her early Reformers suffered at the stake, is manifestly incompatible with fidelity., How this is a most important principle, and it is certainly at stake. . . It is ;true that ritualists offer ingenious interpretation, of the Articles with the view of making them harmonise with their teaching; but it is equally true that they do not depend upon these interpretations to justify their position ; for whenever the Articles are plainly repugnant to their teaching, they have no hesitation in throwing them altogether overboard. Their position is this, — that their duty to the Catholic Church is superior to their, duty to the Church of England ; ' and that, therefore, whenever the teaching of the latter clashes with that of the former, they are at liberty to disregard it, and to teach the very opposite. In fact, they avowedly appeal from the settlement of the English Reformation to what they are pleased to call ' Catholic tradition.' They care not that the settlement of the English Reformation is on the basis of primitive tradition, and that the very doctrinbs that they teach as Catholic, were rejected by their Church because they are inconsistent with the Catholic faith! ' But let us suppose for a moment that the Church is wrong and they "are rightthat catholicity is with them and hot vdth us,— whht is the proper course for' them to pursue ? Plainly to leave the Church which misrepresents catholicity, and to join, that, which rightly represents it! We , may supposb the case of a Baptist ihiniBter who bCcbmeB convinced tHat,is 'Churbh is mistdhen in rejecting infant-baptism : what1 would be the ditty of that than ? Would it be to retain his p'ositiqh'as minister of a Baptist congre gation, and to preach against this their fundamental principle ? or wbiild it not be ratlfer. 'his dutV 'to "go bter to soihe other cChurch with ' whose principles he ; agree'd'?. Or, to take a more adequate, illitstratibn, suppb'se the' base of a member df the 'Society of Fnends, which rejects' all sacraments, to have become convinced, of his ' 'mistake, and a believer in the' sacramental teaching of another body,-- what would be his duty? Should he endeavour to avail himself of the position which he held, alhd teach publicly his sacramental doctrines in the meetings of hfe'society? If he were to entertain this opinion of his duty, arid endeavour to "act upon it, the Spirit would very generally move his auditors to .convince him of his error, and teach , him that his only con sistent course would be to seek admission into another Ohfirch?scommunion. : Even so wtih those who have, become converts to the five sacraments of Rome which their Church expressly rejects: why should they be allowed to- inculcate their opinions from C.E. pulpits; They have a perfect right, thank God, in this free country, to hold, as individuals, whatever opinions they please, and to receive the whole cycle of Romish doctrine ; but they have, not a right' to avail themselves of their position, as clergymen of a Protes.- tant Church, ( to inculcate their Popish doctrines from its pulpits. Besides this they are morally bound to adopt a fair and honest interpretation of the articles. There can be no doubt that a variety of sentiment iB quite compatible with fairness of interpretation and honesty of conviction ; but we protest against a system of non-natural interpre tation of them; we protest against a system of explanation which not only neutralises their protest against error, but actually presses them into the service of the opposite side. How do they, deal with the Articles ? It is difficult to reply to this question in language quite consistent with politeness. But perhaps we may be permitted to say that they manifest, in some cases, more anxiety to bring, the language of the Articles into harmony with themselves, than to bring their own sentiments into harmony with the Articles; while in other cases they , go further still, and have accomplished a complete conversion of the Articles to their own side of the question. Let us take one or two instances in illustration. First, in illus tration of their ingenious interpretations, or what we should call their doctoring of the Articles, let us take their treatment of the 22nd Article. The Romish doc trine of Purgatory' is there condemned aS 'A fond thing, vainly invented, and repugnant to the Word of God.' This statement is, of coarse, inconvenient to those who themselves hold the doctrine of Purgatory, and must be disposed of in some way. How then do they deal with tbis article ? In order to cure it of its Protestant character, .they subject it to an alterative treatment which has proved eminently successful. The treatment is two-fold ; it consists, first, in altering the word Romish", and then putting an emphasis upon it 'It is not,' they say,. ' the doctrine' of. Purgatory that is con demned, but tke Bomish doctrine of Pur: gatory ; or, in other words, the doctrine of Purgatory as held at Rome.' We observe the skilfulness of this treatment — the word 'Romish,' when strictly taken, evidently characterises the doctrine of Purgatory as Romish , it can "only mean that the doctrine itself is characteristic of tbe religion of Rome. But read, as they suggest, with an emphasis, and it insen sibly acquires a fnew shade of meaning, and becomes 'Roman' instead of Romish; thus pointing , to tho place where the doctrine is taught, rather than to the character of the doctrine itself ; and so leaves a loophole for teaching Purgatory in the pulpits of. the Church of England. It is unfortunate, however, for the con sistency of , their teaching, that it cannot be justified by the Article, even when subjected to this alterative process, for it is difficult to find out wherein the doctrine tbey.teach differs from that taught by the Church pf 'Rome. In fact, it. is alto-, gether the same. , ; But we have said that in some cases they adopt a bolder course, arid actually convert the sturdy Protestant langqage of the Articles to their own views. Thus in the 28th Article we read — ' The body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten in the Lord's Supper only in a heavenly arid spiritual mariner.' Here they say — ' We have the doctrine of the Real Presence in express terms.' 'The body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten.' What could.be more express than this ? It is just the doctrine iot which we contend ; the priest gives the body of Christ into the hand' of the communicant, the communicant takes the body in his hand, rind eats it. Here, then, is plainly 'the objective presence of this body of Christ in the Lord's Supper. All ! but if th'ec body is ' given,' it is given 'only in. a' Heavenly arid spiritual manner,' ther efore hot by a human hand, but b heavenly arid spiritual ministra tion'; if the body is 'takPn/.it is taken ' only after. a. heavpiiiy and . spkitual manner, 'and therefore riot literally in a human finger or on a human palm ; if the body is 'eaten,' it is eaten 'only after a Heavenly arid spiritual manner,' i.e., inwardly in the heart by the power of the Holy Ghost, not by human mouth and human stomach, or by any of the physical functions of the human frame. The language of the Article is, in fact, care- fully worded so as to forbid the very doctrine which they teach, and yet - by their skilful, manipulation they have con verted it altogether to their side. There is another1 principle involved, which the clergy of an established church ought to be the first to champion, that of submission to the supremacy of the Crown. This doctrine is asserted arid explained in the 37th Artiele ; which claims for the sovereign, not the right to interfere in spiritual things, but authority to rule all . estates of men, whether civil or ecclesiastical! It is practically exer cised, not by the sovereign in person, but by the courts of law, and especially; the court of last appeal— the Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council. Now those with whom our. present controversy is, object' to this court, because of ' the lay element in its constitution, and demand that all ecclesiastical questions should he decided by ecclesiastics. They do not seem to think the decrees of this court binding upon their consciences. Now. this mode of argument arises from a mis apprehension of the nature of the juris diction claimed, and of the questions sub- , mitted to the decisions of this court. Its province is not to decide upon the truth or falsehood of any doctrine, but whether it is the doctrine of the Church of Eng land ! not whether it is consistent with Divine revelation, but whether it is in harmony with the doctrines and formu laries of the Church ; and that makes all the difference in the world. Even sup pose it did belong to this tribunal to decide what ought to be the doctrineB of the Church, we/should deny the exclusive right of the bishops and clergy, in tbis or any age, to decide, on snch a question, and to exclude the laity in such on im portant matter. But as matters are now, the jurisdiction of the tribunal being.; what it is, it is riot so much the theologi cal as the logical element which is needed. For what is the subject matter of inves tigation in every case? It is not the.'. scripturalness of the Articles, But the! meaning of them. This is a, work, which requires clearness of mind and. honesty of purpose, and the less of theological pre judice and partiality in the mind of the judgeB, the better for the interests of truth and justice. For this purpose tbe constitution of the Court, which combines the highest legal arid ecclesiastical authorities in the land, seems to be as satisfactory as any thing that could be devised ; and its decisions are accordingly above suspicion — ;as far at least, as any human tribunal can be. How different the case would be, if the ecclesiastical mind alone presided in this court, the very . controversy in which we are engaged affords abundant illugtra- tiori. The theological mind, biassed by doctrinal partialities, may misinterpret the language of the Articles, now in one direction and now in another ; but the mind that has been disciplined by legal training, when seated upon this high tri bunal, and surrounded by all the respon sibilities of the judgment-seat, is liable indeed to err, but not from prejudice or partiality. We say, then, that the prin ciple of submission to the supremacy of the Crown is one , of great importance to the established Church, involving nothing less than the finality, of the Articles,, and especially at the present time the national protest against Rome. Of course the Church of England, if it were disconnec ted from the Stpte, would owe no more submission to the Crown and its courts than any other church. In some things, all churches must appeal, to the Queen's Courts, andbe hound by. them. 