BEATRICE. ! All Rights Rkseeved. (By Rideb Haggard.) CHAPTER X. ! lady honokia hakes arrangements. In another momeut somebody entered tbe room ; it was Elizabeth. She had returned from her tithe collecting ex-! sedition — with the tithe. .The door ol! the sitting-room was still ajar, and. Geoffrey bad his bacV towards it. So it happened that nobody heard Elizabeth's rather cat-like step, and for some seconds she stood iu the room without being perceived. She stood quite still, taking in the whole scene at a glance. She noticed that her sister held her head down, so that her hair shadowed her,! and guessed that she did so for some) reason — probably because she did not: wish her face to be seen. Or was it to) show off her lovely hair ? She noticed also the half shy, half amused, and al-' together interested expression npon Geoffrey's countenance — she could seej that in the little gilt-edged looking-glass which hung over the fire- place, nor did; she overlook the general air of embarrass ment that pervaded them both. I When she entered the room, Eliza-) beth had been thinking of Owen Davies,; and of what might have happened had she never seen the tide of life flow back' into her sister's veins. She bad dreamed of it all night and had thought of it all ; day ; even in the excitement of extract-: ing the back tithe from a recalcitrant) sod rather coarse-minded Welsh farmer, , with strong views on the subject of tithe,' it bad not been entirely forgotten. The farmer was a tenant of Owen Davies, and when he called her a 'parson in) ... A . . 3 7 1 J. petClCOave, ana wus, auu weuu uuf iu delicate reference to her powers of ex-, tracting cash, to liken her to a ' two legged corkscrew, only screwier,' she, perhaps not unnaturally, reflected that if ever — pace Beatrice — certain things should come about, she would remember' that farmer. For Elizabeth had a very long memory, as some people had learnt to their cost,and generally, sooner or later, ehe paid her debts in foil, not forgetting the overdue interest. And now, as she stood in the room unseen and noted these matters, some thing occurred to .her in connection with this dominating idea, .which, like ideas; In general, had many side issnes. At; any rate a look of quick intelligence shone for a moment in her light eyes, like a sickly sunbeam on a faint Decem ber miat ; then she moved forward, and: when she was close behind Geoffrey, spoke suddenly. ' What are you both thinking about?', she said in ber clear thin voice ; ' yon ; seem to have exhausted your conversa tion.' Geoffrey made an exclamation and fairly jumped from his chair, a feat) which in bis braised condition really; hurt him very mnch. Beatrice, too,) started violently ; she recovered herself: almost instantly, however. ' How quietly you move, Elizabeth,' she said. _ 'Not more quietly than you sit, Beatrice. I have been wonderiag when anybody was going to say anything, or if you were both asleep. For her part Beatrice speculated how long her sister had been in the room. Their conversation .had been ionocent enough, but it was not .one that she would wish Elizabeth to have overheard. And, somehow, Elizabeth had a knack of overhearing things. You see, Mi>s Granger,' said Geoffrey, coming to the rescue, ' both our brains arc still rather waterlogged, and that does not tend to a flow of ideas.1 'Quite so,' said Elizabeth. 'My dear Beatrice, why don't you tie Up your hair? You 1 ink like a crazy Jane. Not but what you have very nice hair,? she added, critically. ' Do yon admire good hair, Mr. Bingham ?' 'Of course I do,' he answered gal lantly, ' but it is not common.' . Only Beatrice bit her lip with vexation. 'I bad almost forgotten nsy fanr/ she said ; ' I mast apologise for appearing in such a state. I would have "done it up after dinner only I was , loo stiff) .and while I was waiting for Betty I went to sleep.' ' I think there is a bit of ribbon in that drawer. I saw yon) .pnt it there yesterday,' answered the precise -Eliza beth. ' Yes, here it is. II yoa like, and Mr. Bingham will excuse it, I can tie it back for yon,' and without wait ing for an answer she came behind; her, and gathering op the dense foasses of her sister's locks,, tied them round in each fashion they could not tail lorwaru, though they still rolled do wn h&r; hack. Just then Mr. Granger came back from his visit fo.tiielar.m.); fie w?S,.in high good hatnour. The joig had /oven surpassed -her -former efforts, and ;in- creased in a surprising manner, ' to the number of fifteen indeed; Elizabeth thereupon prodjtced tbelwo ponod® odd shillings which she' 'had corkscrewed out of the . recalcitrant dissenting foipitr, and the sight added tows eatistaccion. ' Would you .believe it, Mr. Bingham,' he said, ' In thisraniserably paid parish I have nearlya huudred pounds owing to me, a hundred pouuda iu titho. There's old Jones who lives out to ward the Bell Rock, he owes three years' tithe-bir- four ponnds eleven and fo urptoce., _ He can pay and fae.-w.on't pay "-says he's ; a. Baptist, and ain't going to (pay nq parson's dues — though for 'the ;rMlfter of: that he a ..it- i .ii l1_. -f m SiAaiJiAn ' uoEumg ont an oia oeeri«uiii »» Why don't yon" procSed!itgaii).hifit, then, Mr. Granger"?'- - ' Proceed, I have .proceeded. 1 live got I judgment, and l moan to -Issue -.excep tion iu a few I won't .-stand 'it any longer,' be' went pig ."worinrrgLim self up and shaking foshgad ws hp spoke till his thin white, hair foil , .about , pis eyes. ' IT1 have tiie law pfhim end. tbe others too. Youire a ' /lawyer and vyjon can help me. 'J tell ypa"lhpreVA gP'1,'t abroad whfohjnst"Cte toioDOan isn't to pay.-hisjawnri foebtitnexcepti coarse the iparn.ahd lfob.pire./hey ' inuat pay or go to- rajnrt.-J Bet there e law left, and m hSvc ';it/rfhre ?3foey play the Irish -game P® : ns -here.;fAod he brought down Jits -fists with aatulrang upon the table.'") ... Geoffrey listeneJ witii «9me -«muse- ; ment. So this . was' the wtofe; hldi'Wfo 8 ) Bore point— money. very strong about ibat-as itstrong r as Lady Honoriaj' excuse. Eiizabeth glso listen®!,) evident appiovai.ittliiiiBetipgpqked pained. .ws®vjvi!l ait? 'Don't get angry, father,' she said; 'perhaps he will pay after all. It is had to take the law if yon can manage any other way — it breeds ao mnch ill- blood. 'Nonsense, Beatrice,' said her sister Bhatply. 'Father is quite right There's one way to deal with them, and that's to seize their goods. I believe yon are a socialist abont property, as yon are abont everything else. You want to pnll everything down, from theQneen to the laws of marriage, all for the good of humanity, .trad I .tell yon that yonr ideas will be yonr ruin. Defy custom and it will crush you. Yon are running your head against a brick wall, and one day yon will find which is the harder.' Beatrice flushed, but answered her fiiater'fi Afcfanlr. whttili isac all flse because it had a certain spice of troth in it ' I never expressed any such views, Elizabeth, so I don't see why you should attribute them to me. I only said that legal proceedings fcreed bad blood in a parish, and chat is true. ' I did not say yon expressed them,' went on the vigorous Elizabeth ; 'you look them — they ooze out of your words like water from a peat bog. Everybody knows yon are a radical and a freethinker and everything else that's bad and mad, and contrary to that state of life in which It has pleased God to call yon. The end of it will be that you will lose the mis- traeship of the school — aod I think it is very hard on father and me that yon should bring disgrace on ns with yonr strange ways and immoral views, and now yon can make what yon like of it.' ' I wish all radicals were like Miss Beatrice,' said Geoffrey, who was feeling exceedingly uncomfortable, with a feeble attempt at politejocosity. - But nobody seemed to hear him. Elizabeth, who was now fairly in a rage, a feint flush npon ber pale cheeks, her light eyes all ashine, and her thin fingers clasped, stood front ing her beautiful sister, and breathing spite at every pore. It was easy for Geoffrey, who was watching her, to see that it was not her sister's views she was attacking ; it was her sister. It was that soft strong loveliness and the glory of that face ; it was the deep gentle mind, erring from its very great ness, and the bright intellect, which lit it like a lamp ; it was the learning and the power that, give it play, would eet a world aflame, as easily as it did the heart of the slowwitted hermit sqnire, whom Elizabeth coveted — these were tbe things that Eliztbeth hated, and bitterly assailed. Accustomed to observe, Geoffrey saw this instantly, and then glanced at the father. The old man was frightened ; clearly he was afraid of Elizabeth, and dreaded a scene. He stood fidgeting his feet abont, and tiying to find some thing to say, as he glanced apprehen sively at his eldest daughter, through his thin hanging hair. Lastly, Geoffrey looked at Beatrice, who was indeed well worth looking at. Her face was qnite pale, and the cle <r grey eyes shone out beneath their dark lashes. She had risen, drawing herself to her fall height, which her exquisite proportions seemed to increase, and was looking at her. sister. . Presently she said one word, and one only, bnt it was enough. . ' Elizabeth.' Her sister opened her lips to apeak agaio, but hesitated and changed her mind. There was something in Beatrice's manner -that checked her. \- '-Well,' -she - said at length, ' yon should not irritate me so, Beatrice.' Beatrice made no rpply. She only turned . towards Geoffrey,- and with a graceful little bow, said : ' Mr. Bingham, I am sure yon will forgive this scene. Tbe fact is, we ail slept" baldly last night, and it has not improved our tempers.' - There -was a pause, of which Mr. Granger took a harried and rather nn- ., dignified advantage. ' Uni, 'ah,' -he said. 'By the way," .Beatrice, what was it I wanted, to.-aay. ? ,Ah, I know — have you written; I -mean -written ont that sermon for next Sno- iday ? "My daughter,' be added; a'ddfess- fog. Geoffrey in explanation — ' unpeoples >my-«errnons for me. She writes -a -very .good hand — ' . Remembering Beatrice'sconfidence as to her sermon manufacturing functions, Geoffrey felt amused at her fether?s naive way of describing them, and Beatrice alsoisihiled'. faintly, as she an swered that .the sermon .was ready, 'duet then the roll of wheels' was heard without; and the only fly. -tbat Bryn- gelly could boast palled up in front of .thedoor. ------ - — -.i-r- i i-u. d- - i r — xr. Here a ins ny hiiuo j»»j — Bingham,' said Mr. Granger — ' and as I live, her ladyship with it. Elizabeth, see if there isn't some tea ready,' and the old gentleman, who had. all the traditional love of the lower middle- class Englishman for a title, trotted off to welcome her ladyship.' \- Presently Lidy flonoria .entered the room, a eweet, if rather a set smile upon her handsome face, and with a .graceful mien, tnai oecame uer ceedingly well. For . ;to do Lady Honoria justice, she was one .of the most ladylike women in the Country, and eo far as her personal appearance went, a very perfect ty pe;pf the class to which she belonged. _ ' -Geoffrey locked at her, saying to him self that she had clearly recovered her temper, and that .he was thankful .for -it This was. not wonderful, for it ie HniFsthe mora aristocratic a lady's mannSfcpIpe, the morejSgHSi" able she &smgfeo; beje u i crossed. ' WenffioffreyriWV die said, 'you seojvcomejto fethgo. asp determined ifiaT you dgdjjo JSt yonrself downed agajg' og «xk home. Hpw are' yon now?— bat A needn't® yoajok qmte wagain. momift! ont We soSPw the St penetrating and comprehen sive Spaces that yoMgJadgdjggr enjoW the honour dgRvjC i«er| was' Athing wade spin tirtrWiqfc il was quick, qnickmghUL6 shows &&& pe - 80 and shffojfonqnghfaMbaifeMteiR women could show such a figure as hers — like a Greek statue. I don't like her ; she's different from most of us ; jast the sort of a girl men go wild about" and women hate.' All this passed through her mind in a flash. For a moment Lady Honoria's blue eyes met Beatrice's grey ones, and she knew that Beatrice liked her no better than she did Beatrice. Those eyes, were a trifle too honest, and, like the deep clear water they resembled, apt to throw np shadows of the passing thoughts above. ' False and cold and heartless,' thought Beatrice. 'I wonder how a man like that could marry her; and how mnch he loves her.' Thne the two women took each other's measure at a glance, each finding the other wanting by her standard. Nor did they ever change that hastily formed jndgment. It was all done, in a few seconds — in that hesitating moment before the words we summon answer on our lips. The next; Lady Honoria was aweepiog towards her with ont stretched hand, and her most gracious smfle. ' Miss Granger,' she said, ' I owe yon a debt I never can repay — my dear husband's life. I have heard all about how yon saved him ; it is the most wonderful tiling — Grace darling bora again. I can't think bow you could do it. I wish I were half as brave and strong.' 'Please don't, Lady Honoris,' said Beatrice. 'I am eo tired of bring thanked for doing nothing, except what it was my dnty to do. If I had let Mr. Bingham go while I had the strength to hold on to bim I should have felt like a murderess to-day. I beg you to say no more about it.' ' One does not often find such modesty united to so much courage, and, if you will allow me to say it, so much beauty,' said Lady Honoria graciously. ' Well, I will do as yon wish, bnt I warn you your fame will find you ont. I hear they have an ac count of the whole adveoture in to-day's papers, headed " A "Welsh Heroine." ' 1 How did you hear that, Honoria ?' asked her husband. « Oh, I had a telegram from Garsing- ton, and he mentions it,' she answered, carelessly. ' Telegram from Garsington ! Hence these smiles,' thought he. ' I suppose she is going to-morrow.' 'I have some other news for yon, Miss Granger,' went on Lady Honoria. Yonr canoe has been washed ashore, very little injured. The old boatman — Edward, I think they call him — has foand it; and yonr gnn in it too, Geoffrey. It had stack under the sea or somewhere. Bat I fancy that yon must both have had enough canoeing for the present.' ' I dou't know,' Lady Honoria,' an swered Beatrice. ' One does not often get such weather as last night's, and canoeing is very pleasant. Every sweet has its salt, yon know; or, in other words/one may always be upset.' At that moment, Betty, the awkward Welsh serving lass, with a fore-arm abont as shapely as the hind leg of an elephant, and a moat nnpleasing habit of snorting audibly " as she moved, shuffled in with tbe tea-tray. In her wake came the slim Elizabeth, to whom Lady Honoria was introduced. After this, conversation flagged for a while, till Lady Honoria, feeling that things were getting a little doll, eet the ball rolling .again. ' What a pretty view you have of the sea-from theeeyrindows,' she said in her :well-trained and .monotonously modu lated voice. ' I am so glad to have seen it, for, yon know, I am going away to morrow.' Beatrice looked np qaickly. ' My husband is not going,' she, -went on, as though in answer to an unspoken question. ' I am playing the part of the nndotifol wife and rnnning away from him, for exactly three weeke. It js very wicked of me, isn't it? but I -have an engagement that I must; keep. It is most tiresome.' Geoffrey, sipping his tea, smiled grimly behind the shelter. of his cap. 'She does it uncommonly-well,' he thought to himself. ' Does your little -girl go with yon, Lady Honoria ?' askea Elizabeth. ' Well, no, I think not I can't bear parting with her — you know how-hard it is when one has only one child. . Bnt I think she would be so bored where I am going to stay, for there are no other children . there : and besides, sherpori- tively adores the sea. So I shall 'have to 'leave 'her "fo -her -father's "tender lucttiico) ucai> ' I hope she will survive it, I am sure,' said Geoffrey laughing. ' I suppose that your husband is going to stay ou at Mrs. Jones's,' said the clergyman. 'Really, I don't know. What are you going to do, Geoffrey t Mrs Jones's rooms are rather expensive for people iu oar impoverished condition.- Betides, I an sare that she cannot look after Effie.- J ust think, she has . eight children of her own, poor old , dear. . And II most take Anne with me; ehe is ESe'a French aune,' .-you know, a perfect treasure. ,)I ainoing tl-stay in a big house, and my/e)qjeri-.nce of those big houses is, that one never gets on at all unless one takes a maid. You see, what is everybody's. business is nqbody's ) business. I'm sure I don't know' how yon will get on wijh"the child, Geoffrey , she takes such a lpfcW looking after.' "AQfodon't trblesSwnt that, Honoria,' he answered. ' Manetey that Effie and I will managejMmebow7/';..,l Seieipne ofNfese pecatferwleams of judpffigeiice whichjmarkedyffhe advent /ofjlitigjv idea passediacrote Elizabeth's free. She was sitting-next her father, and bending, whisperefllto him. Beatrice ,p$Wtit otipn as thongh fo nforpoae, ontbefore she. could do so (Mr- 4%- % , gy£iti|kjy£e, Mr/ Bingham, he said, "YWrouwAot to move, wraid yon like : a room here t Terms etririly moderate, ba.t can'faafford to pat yojuap for noth- ffe youj know, and living rough and, lay. SToaM have to Jpke as as yon' SfcnreSffiip but there's iff dressing-room next to tn v jm whettf yonr little girl slremimd myanghters would fagjj nffoftihhtt between them, and bs her lips as! though to speak, bubclllpRlfoheat with-, ont epsggtiag ThlfoHbAur opportnni; jfeaBshefora ffihftttalise they are at' Intstmctively Geoffrey had glanced towarfs her. He did not -know if this idea was agreeable to. her. He knew that her. work . was )hard, and he did not wish to pat extra trouble upon her, for he guessed that the harden of look ing after Effie would ultimately fall on her shoulders. Bather face told him nothing : it was quite passive and ap parently indifferent. ' You are very kind, Mr. Granger,' he said, hesitatingly. ' I don't want to go away from Bryngelly jast at pre sent, and it wonld be a good plan in some ways, that is if the trouble to yonr daughters would not.be too much.' 4 1 am sure that it would be an ex cellent plan,' broke iu Lady Honoria, who feared lest difficulties should arise as to her appropriation of Anne's services ; 'How lucky, that I happened to mention it. There will be no trouble about our .giving .np. the rooms at Mrs. Jones's) because I know she has another, application for them.' 'Very well,' '-said Geoffrey, not liking to raise -objections 'to a "scheme thus pnblicly .advocated,. although he wonld have preferred to take time to consider. Something warned bim that Bryngelly Vicarage wnnld prove a fatefal abode for him. Then Elizabeth rose and aeked Lady Honoria if she wonld "dike to see the rooms her hnsband and Effie .would occupy. She said ehe would be delighted and went off followed by Mr-Granger fuss ing- in the rear. ' Don't you think that yon will be a little doll .here, Mr. Bingham ¥ said Beatrice. ' On the contrary,' he answered. ' Why should I be dall ? I cannot be so - doll as I should be by myself' Beatrice) hesitated, and then spoke again. ' We are « curious family, Mr. Bingham ; .you may have seen as mnch this afternoon. Had yon not better think it over ?' ' If yon mean that yon do not want me to come, I won't,' he said bluntly, and next second felt that he bad made amietake. ' I !' she answered, opening her eyes. 4 1 have no wish in -the matter. The fact is that we are poor, and let lodgings — that ie what it comes to. If yon think they will suit yon, yon are quite right -to "take "them.' Geoffrey coloured. He was a man who conld not bear to lay himself open . to the smallest rebuff from a woman, aad he had bronght this on himself Beatrice saw it aod relented. ' Of course, Mr. Bingham, so far as I.am concerned, I -shall be the gainer if. yon do come. I do nnt meet so many people' with whom I care to associate, and from whom I can learn, that I wish, to throw a chance away.' ! ' 1 .think yon misunderstood me a little,' he said ; ' I only meant that per haps you. would not wish to be bothered with Effie, Miss Granger.' She langhed. ' Why, I love children. It will be a great pleasure to me to look after her 'so far as I have time.' Jast then the othets returned, - and their conversation came to an end. .'It's qitite delightful, Geoffrey — such fnnny old-fashioned rooms. I really envy yon.' (If there was one thing in the world that Lady Honoria hated, it was an old-fashioned room.) 'Well, and now" we must be going. Oh! yon jioor creature, I forgot that yon were so knocked abont. I am sure Mr. Granger will give yon his arm.' Mr. Granger ambled forward, and Geoffrey having made his adieus, and borrowed a clerical bat (Mr. Granger's concession to custom, - for in most other regpects . he dressed like an ordinary farmer), was safely conveyed to the fly. And so ended Geoffrey's first day at Bryngelly; Vicarqge. CHAPTER II. . BEATRICE MAKES AH APPOINTMENT. :E>dy Honoria leaned back in the cab, And sighed a sigh of satisfaction. 'That is a capital idea,' she said. 1 1 was wondering what arrangements yon could make for the next three weeks. It is ridlcnlous to pay three guineas a week for rooms just for yon and Effie. The old gentleman only wants that for board and lodging together, for I asked him.' ' ' I daresay it will do,' said Geoffrey. ' When are we to shift ?' < To-morrow, in, time, for, /dinner, or rather sapper ; these barbarians eat sapper, yon know. I go by the morn ing train, yon see, so as to reach Garsing ton by tea time. I daresay yon will find it rather dall, bat yon like being dalL The old clergyman ie a low stamp of man, and a bore, and as for the -eldest danghter, Elizabeth, she's too awful — etio rominrln ma nf a m(l Tint1, Rpa.f-.rinn is handBome enough, thoqgh I think her horrid too. You'll have to console your self with her, and I daresay you will suit each other.' ' Why do you think her horrid, Honoris?' ' Ob I don't know ; she's clever and odd, and I hate odd women. . Why can't they be -like other people ; think of 'her. being Strpttg enough, to save your life like that tpo, 7 She mnet have the muscle oE an ., Amazon— it's downright unwomanly. Lot -there's no donbt about her beauty. She ie as nearly per fect as any girl l ever saw, though too independent looking. If only one, had a daughter like that, , how one might marry her. I wouldn't look at anything under twenty - thousand a year, --She ie too good for- -that" lumbering Welsh sqnire she's engaged to- — the , man., who lives in the- Oqstle-r-though they. say :he is fairly rich.'. ' Engaged,' )-satd Geoffrey, 'how do! yon know that ahe is engaged ?' Oh, :I don't know atall, bnt I sup- pnse nhe ie. - If the isn't she soon will be, for a 'riri ' in that position is not likely to'thrqwknch a chance away/ At any rate) he's head over ears io love with her. I saw that Ust night. He was hanging abont for -hoars in the rain, ontside the door, with a "face like a ghost, till be knew : whether she was dead or diive, and he's been foere . twich to in quire thiB morning.-. -Miss -Granger told me. , But Abe's too gopd fo'r'fai m from a business , . point , of .view. - She might marry anybody, if "only! she were put In the wayfafit.' ./ ; \- Somehow, Geoffrey's lively interest in Beatrice ssntibly'declindd on the -receipt of rourse t /was nothing to him"; "iudfoff he was lad to itear that ehe Was -in the. way of such a tunatriy:A&t;:toat:bne-bahn asmncb intelres'tedlna ypffnffjijyely iadyiwhp.hcfchagioteBtiai ptopwpf " « ' lumbering Welsh sqnire,' as in one who belongs to herself The old 'Adam a till survives in most men, hosrever right thinking they may be, and this is -one of its methods of self-assertion. Well,' . he said, ' I'm glad tn hear she is in each a good way ; she deserves it. 1 think the > Welsh sqnire io lock ; Miss Granger is a remarkable woman.' Too remarkable by half,' said Ltdy Honoria drily. .'Here we are, and there is Effie, skipping about like a wild thing as usual. I think that child is demented.' On the following morning — it was Friday — Lady Honoria, accompanied by Anne, , departed In the very best of tempers. For the next three weeks, at any rate, ehe would be free from the galling associations of straightened means — free to enjoy the luxury and re fined comfort ' to which she had been .accustomed, and for- which her soul yearned with a fierce longing that would be incomprehensible to folk of a simpler mind. ' Everybody ffas his or her Ideal, Heaven, if only - one conld fathom it. Some would chooseasnblimated intellec tual leisure, made happy by all the best literature of all the planets ; some a model state (with themselves as presi dents), in - which the latest radical nations could actually (through their beneficent efforts) bs got to work to everybody's satisfaction ; others a happy banting ground, where the game enjoyed the fan as much as tbey did ; and so on ad infinitum. Lady Honoris was. even more modest. Give her a well appointed town and country house, a font powdered footmen, plenty of carriages, and other needful things, including of coarse the entree to the npper Celestial ten, and she would ask no more from age to age. Let us hope that she will get it one day. It wonld hart nobody, and she ia sure to find plenty of people of her own way of - thinking — that is, if this world supplies the raw. material. She embraced Effie with .enthusiasm, and her hnsband with a chastened warmth, and went, a pious prayer npoo her lips that she might never set eyes upon Bryngelly again. It will not be necessaty for ns to follow Lady Honoria in . her travels. That afternoon Effie and her father had great fan. They packed up. Geoffrey who was rapidly recovering from his stiffness, pushed the things into the portmanteaus and Effie jumped on them. Those which would not go in they bandied- loose tato the fly, till that vehicle looked like an old clothes shop. Then, as there was no room for them inside, they walked down to the Vicar age by tbe beach, a distance of abont three-quarters of a mile, stopped on their way to admire the beautiful castle, in one corner of which Owen Davies lived and moved. ' Oh, daddy,' said the child, ' I wish you would buy a house like that for you and me to live in. Why don't you, daddy T 'Have'nt got the money, dear,' he an swered. ' Will yon ever have the money, daddy?'.. - ' I doa'-i know, dear, perhaps one day — when I am too old to enjoy it,' he added to himself ' It wonld take a great many pennieB to boy a house like that, wouldn't iij daddy f said Effie sagely. ' Yes, dear, more than yon can count,' he answered, and the conversation drop ped. Presently they came to a boat-shed, placed opposite the village aod close to high-water mark. Here a man, it was old Edward, was engaged in mending a canoe. Geoffrey glanced at it and saw that it was the identical canoe ont of . which he had so nearly been drowned. ' Look, Effie,' said he, ' that is the boat ont of which I was npset.' Effie opened her wide eyes, and stared at the frail crafr. 'It ia a horrid boat,' she said;' I don't want to look at it.' ' You're quite right, little dubs,' said old Edward, touching his cap.' - ' It ain't safe, and somebody will be drowned out of it one of these .days. I wish it had gone to the bottom, I do ; bnt Miss Beatrice, she is that foolhardy there ain't no doing nothing with her. ' I- fancy that she has learnt a lesson,' said Geoffrey. ' May be, may be,' grumbled the old man, ' but womeo folk are hard to teach; they never learn nothing till it's too late, they don't, and when they've been and done it -they're sorry, but what's the good b' that? (Toie continued in our next. J 