DRAMAITIC AND MUSICAL ?OTES. i (Br ToucSTONse.) ( OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS, No. 64. THEATRE ROYAL. TnURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1862. Boucicault's great drama THE COLLEEN BAWN ] Or the BRtIDES OF GARRYOWEN. Eiley O'Connor ... Miss Kate Warde Myles-na.Coppaleen ... Mr Harry Jackson. THE GREAT WATER LANE SCENE. After which Harry Jackson's inimitable nautical scene DODDLE DODDLE. To conclude with the laughable ballet by the CHANLEIR'S FAMILY. LE DANSEUR DESTRAIT. Frederick Macecabe opens with his en tertainment " Begone Dull Care" at the Academy of Music on Monday. The following bills are running at the leading Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide threatres :--Melbourne-Royal, "Mystery of a Hansom Cab;" Princess, " Dorothy ;" Bijou, "School;" Alexandra, "Alone in London;" Opera House, "Fun on the Bristol." Sydney-Royal, " Boccaccio" Her Majesty, "Macbeth;" Criterion, "Dandy Dick." Adelaide-Mr J. L. Toole in comedy and farce. If (states the Otago WViltss) all the rumours that have been current in Dunedin are correct, the St. Maur Company should be considerably extended by the addition of amateurs to its ranks before it leaves our shores. The names of no less than three well-known young ladies, who would probably be indignant if they were said to belong to anything but the " upper ten," have been mentioned pretty freely as being about to become members of the company. If the company are actually about to be translated to the Home Country, as hinted, the substitution of some more strong pro fessional talent for some of the present members would appear to be a more likely move than the weakening of it by the addition of a few untried amateurs, no matter what their social standing might be. I am told, says a London dramatic con tributor, that the fame of Henrik Ibsen, che author of " A Doll's House," has spread so rapidly of late that his most celebrated dramas are being translated into Turkish for the benefit of his Majesty the Sultan. The Sporting and Dramatlic News says: " Mr L. Cautley is not, it seems, after all to join the Drury Lane company for 'A Million of Money.' A greater than he is to return here as leading man-Mr Charles Warner, who, like Mr George Rignold, has of late years been making a nice little for. tune in Australia. No one melodrama would have room for both Cautley and Warner in its cast." T'ho Thames is to be provided with a new feature. The proposal is that a dramatic company should be engaged to tour on the river in a house-boat, and give per formances at various riparian resorts in halls or other public places, and, when the weather permitted, in the open air. Con ceive the feelings of the owner of a place o the river when he finds his field or lawn turned into an open-air theatre, and pastoral plays going on at so much a head I Miss Mabel Harrison, a lady who lately distinguished herself by her splendid rendering of Queen Catherine's famous scene at the Royal College of Music, won from Mr Irving the remark: "You all, with one exception, say your pieces, you do not feel them, and that exception is Miss Harrison, who his one of the most sympathetic voices that I ever heard." Miss Harrison has been appointed to the post of elocution mistress at Datchelor's large school at Camberwell. According to Le Journal des Debats, Ibsen's "Ghosts" (" Les Revenants ") was received in a rather uncertain manner when it was played lately at the Theatre Libra, Paris. There was plenty of applause, but there was laughter, too, and Ibsen's mood in "Ghosts" is not a merry one. The laughter was caused, we are informed, by the eccentricities of the French translator, but how the poor fellow could have avoided them is diflicult to under stand . The "Winning Post" is the title at last chosen by Messrs Sims and Buchanan for the new melodrama with which the Adelphi (London) begins its summer season on the Saturday before Bank Holiday. It is now definitely understood that at the close of Augustus Harris's present lease of Drury Lane, some five years hence, the old "National" theatre will cease to exist, being pulled down to make way for im provements contemplated in its neighbour hood. by the Duke of Bedford. Its name, however, is pretty sure to survive, for Mr Harris has his eyes on a site not very far off. When last heard from the Majeronis were in Japan, where they will probably terminate their tour through the East. Artistically it appears to have been a success, but as Madame Majeroni was laid up for some weeks in the season with a harassing illness, this enforced idleness on her part, added to the delicate health of her husband, has militated against the financial prosperity of the enterprise. The well-known American -conductor, Theodore Thomas, recently married, and certain American ladies clubbed together to send him a wedding present, which, un. fortunately enough, took the form of a bronze figure of an old negro playing a banjo. The ladies little knew or imagined the enormity of their offence, for it seems that in early life Theodore Thomas had been a member of a minstrel troupe. The allusion was certainly not intended, and in reality it proved to be a compliment. That a man by dint of personal ability rhould be able to raise himself to the position Mr Thomas now occupies is certainly most honourable, and, except in the minds of addlepates or lunatics, the unintentional significa?ce of the wedding gift can in nol sense be deemed discreditable to him, Short or long hair ? "That is the quee tion," A recent issue of the Globe news, paper states that " A well-known violinist, rejoicing in the euphonious name of Con, stontine Dudelsack, and renowned for the luxuriance of his locks, recently married San American girl, who accepted him on the condition that he should cut his hair and wear it like an ordinary mortal. Dudelsack nobly sacrificed his magnificent chevelure on the altar of Hymen, and after a brief honeymoon resumed the practice of his profession. It was, however, just a repe tition of the story of Samson and Delihah. Shorn of his locks the violinist had no longer the power to.draw audiences, he had in fact lost his capillary attraction. Mrs Dudelsapk yielded to the logic of the situ. k ation, besought her spouse to let Ilis hair grow, and according to the latest advices Sa considerable return of popularity had attended the change. The influonce of hair has long been known. It has often been said.of Miss - that she cansit upon her hair. Would it be possible for a bald headed woman to be handsome? Would any smart young man like to marry a bald headed young woman ? Do notsentimental young ladies frequently marry gentlemen whoso most distinguishing characteristic is a luxuriant head of hair, with whiskers and moustachiosto match ? Oh, hair has a mighty influence over human destiny, and why should it not have an equally great influence over fiddlers and other performers on musical instruments? Hairs are hollow tubes, and virtuosity flows through them. Besides, by way of repri sals men should wear their hair Ipng, be cause the opposite sex are wearing them short." The Pall Muall Gaazettesays:-Herr Willy Hess is a great favourite in Manichester, where he leads Sir Charles Halle's famous orchestra i but, if we may judge from the attendance at his concert in London, his fame is not yet widespread here. The lover of good, sterling fiddling, however, who was not present mi'sed a good deal. As a violinist, Herr Hess comes as a most agreeable chango from the melo-dramatic virtuosi who now throng our concert plat forms, for he has a beautifully clear tone, and manly, direct execution. 'I he best of his selections at the concert referred to were a sonato in D minor, cmposed 95 d years ago by F. W. Rust, and Saint-Saen's d introduction and rondo capriccioso (op. 28); Sthe etudes by Paganini and Wieniaweki being probably selected for technical dis play, of which the artist is also quite eapable, Under the initials" R.P.," an interest ing letter appeared in the Musical Standsar recently in regard to the; late George Cooper, the eminent organists, Among the anecdotes therein narrated is one by Sir John Goes, who told the writer that George Cooper was taken fy his father, then one of the organists at St. Paul's to a week-day service, and although the child was then little more than G years old,heaccompasied the Venite and Psalms, standing on what pedal she required, and stretching his arms above his headto reach thl greatmanual.He was just able to see the keys of the choir manual. His father told him the last verse before the Gloria in each Psalm, and "arranged the stops as this child asked for." This statement of Sir John Goss was con firmed by one of the old vergers at St Paul's. 