A: PEPPERY PAPERS. ' Bir PETrER PEPPE Champion, my boy, it is your turn now- take it kindly. Craig and Shoot are tired of rapping at the old horse Smith, and as you are next in command why shouldn't you conime in for a shard of'thegood things ? After you comes,tlhe youthful Tuckwell; and in the usual order of things, Barnes, the loquacious, next. Prepare, 0 ye slaves, for the worst. "Call this-lhot, why five men fainted in the sllopson Tuesday, andoneof them ha a severe sunstroke," said a sheds man to ile while exchanging the usual weather compliments tihe other even ing. It appears high time tlhat somne thing was done to improvethe Newport workslhops, otherwise a whole crop of complaints will be lodged against the deparitment. May be, the Commis sioners are waiuting for somebody to be killed before they put up sunshades. If the slhedsmen are thick headed, it does not follow that *with the glass at 160 in tihe sun thait theycan stand it and turn out work like automatons. I do not envy those shedsmen, and amn writing this in a properly constructed ldwelling, so cannot be accused . of making hot-headed charges. They do tlhings properly over the water, that is in the art union line. Not many months ago, several plhilan thiropic Saymdites inaugrated a fancy fair for the purpose of relieving the distress of a poor widow. A gift distribution was arranged in connec tion with the affiir, in which the first psiswaeunnapnced- as a i" hrse and trap." Such an apparently valuable trophly sent the shlilliig tickets boom ing, with the result that the sum of £200 clear was netted for the deserv ing widow. But then came the cream of the business. For nearly a fort night no clainmant turned up for the horse and trap, and the drill instructor who had- charge of it was puzzled how to get rid of the prize. At last, as lie was meditating about turning it loose, a masher drove up in a dog cart acconipanied Iy a-friend and produced the winniing ticket. The drill instructor conducted him into a lumber shed where an object was covered with a tarpaulin, and directed this astonish ing question to thie masher, " have you got a cart to take it houme in l' "I'll drive it myself," was thie masher's reply, and then. tIhe cloth was drawn aside to reveal,-a wood horse and a ,mouse trap. Friends, you can imagine what followed. I was genuinely pleased to read "Anti-Cruelty's" letter the other week. about the larrikin and dog nuisance on the back beach, and can confirm all lie or she says. It is a shameful sight to have to witness a poor little animal being worried by big mongrels, especially when. you know yourself physically incapable of chastising tihe inhuman fellows who style themselves the dogs' masters. Iwould like to see an example made of such larrikins, and have secured the assistance of two friends to accompany nme as witnesses for thie next two Sunday mornings. The hoodlums may, therefore, make up their minds for an early interview with thie Williamstown benclh. I have had two cards handed nme this week, which would prove a study for an-well, I will not say who. One is issued by an elder in the Presbyterianu church, and is printed in black ink on a green ground. The other is from a prominent Catholic and also in hIlack ink, but upon a oanUge ground. - What can this he the sign of 1 Canll it be that. both genttleuen have sworn eternal friendship over the coming contest for Tuesday. Ghost of poor Scudds, that such a circumstance should have followed your retirement. It must it that federation is in the air, and both candidates offer the right hand of fellowship to the followers of the other. Perhaps it is simply a coincidence, so let use wish both luck, and that the best man will go in. A pretty state of affairs has been revealed by the inspector's report upon the sanitary condition of the Newport State schooL The inispector has even gone so far as to condemn the building as unfit. for human habitation, and yet the children have this week resumed-their daily attendance. It is a wonder that typhoid, diptheria, or even grim death himself is a regular attendant in Newport households. which, from their elevated situation, should be the healthiest in the district? Just listen, you who are parents, to this quotation from the inspectoi's report "Under the floor of tihe infants' room I found niie incles of mud and sliiiie. The men working at time foundations told me that 800 gallons of water caine from under the building, and I sa-thie water running from under it myself :The building is dangerous to health etc." - - Well, I agree with the inspector that the place is dangerous, imi fact, a specially doistructed- bed - for breeding. De Bavay's pet microbes. Now all the Local Bo'ird of Health hias done in the matter has been towritetothe Centrnd Board. The next niove will be that the latter body-sends its inspector to report, and after he2 has done so the Educational Department will be com municated with and they in turn seuid their inspector down; when that gentleman hals acted his little part a few dozen more -children will have bees buried and probably sometliing will be2 done. If the danger- spot existed oi private premisss, a dozen bags of:limiie would be immediately spread and tihe owner given twenty four hours to remedy the evil. Oauncils and Boars¶l ere truly mysterious bodies, I believe there is such an iustitutioin in existence as a society for -the pro tection of birds. How it must have gladdened the hearts of its imembers to read tbi folloling account. of a butchery., at North Brighton on Wednesday afternoon. A pigeon. shmootingmniiatCh, which was of an inter national character, took place on the groundiof the Melbourne Gun Club, between Cajitaiin Brewer, one of the most famous wing -hiots of the Unitid States of America, and Mr . Lewis Clarke, who is recognised as oneof the best,pigeon-shots in Australia. - The conditions were 100 pigeons' each at 30 yards distance, and the stakes were 200 aovs. aside. The remlit was a; rather easy victory for Captain Brewer, who all through shot with :wonderful preclldoii. He killed 91 out of his 100 birds, while Mr. Clarlue killed 82. Captain Brewer only missed one out of his last 56 birds, aid he killed as many as 35 in succession 'Mr Clarke only missed fiveout of is last 55, and his best record was 16-in succession. Ifft'iserry were worn to suit the Dirsetoire; or 16th centuary fashions, theygw weld have flounces up the leg. At Berling inventor has produced a musical sewing machine, which does the orhiziary amount oh work san playq qt the sahme time. 