ART, MUSIC, AND THE DRAMA. Report me and my cause aright - HAMLET His Excellency the Governor, Lord Carrington, departs from Sydney to-day amid wide-spread regret. His many kindly acts and his unfailing courtese and geniality will serve to keep his memory green with us, while the walls of Govern- ment House possess a portrait of him which is admirable as a likeness and a work of art into the bargain. The painter is Mr. Julian R. Ashton, president of the Art Society of New South Wales mi tn» of ft» traitées .* *» National Gallery, ilintinr tilia last portrait of Lord Carrington. SUM ha« happily enjoyed th« advantage of be .aita to euous» hil own surroundings. Thort a«!a eouaqoenM, a boldness and fioadom at Ul uaw portrait whiob will at ono* comm tb«" ptotun to om a oatual observer. ! Albion hw depicted Lord Carrington a* ht itepaing noon theveiandah of Government Hoi Zb^HotUway !? «presentad in tha picture* eettune of tho Noa? Sooth Wales cavalry. 1 aeM ad iriaoa of the peee are delightful ' portrait, whether it be in the drawing of the figt in tfcotxpreieion, or injthe colouring of the face, shoat'it an air of naturalness whioh impret iOeli (lonee on the ipootator. Solidity is impar to th* potare by the tall pillan, and a lieht i piacefolitclirTouna is formed br the tall tree tbeleftiend the blue water of the bay in the < tHOa The subdued tone of the tires* it' « eewtraated by the elat*o»loured stepsend brilliant1: carpet Ur. Ashton bas di nothing better than thia. The , work. I evidently bien a labeur ot lore. It ie full of ' ebel of retaking cere aa well aa being the o eenie ot ei artietio spirit, Ur. Ashton btu etedsd ia thi ebief difficulty of a portrait paiotei thitef makisg a picture, Bot merely . lisent Jt stem* to nt* a pity that so good a work of i shealdnit be shovn to the general publie io little time. The popolarity ot Lord Carrington, a the merit* of tte portrait would snake lt a weloti addition to tha'Netiooal Gallery if arranjemei (oald h* made for it* exhibition there for . f walki; say, 1W instance, uatil the arrirel of Lc jartty.. The piotare will ' be on Weer to thoa* w go te take their fare ««11 of Lord aad Lady Carril tea at Gorerament Heure thia morning. The lack of good statuary in the colony has frequently been deplored in this column. Our meagre supply of valuable sculptural work is occasionally increased by the enterprise of some privare individual who brings to New South Wales a fine example of a foreign master, such as addition has just been, made by Signor L. Porena of this city, who hae recently placed in the vestibule of the Town Hall a life-size statue, in bronze, by Signor Orazio Andreoni, of Rome. The T galleries of this young and accomplished sculptor constitute one of the sights of Rome, being filled with choice specimens of modern sculptural work. Signor Andreoni has taken as a text for his latest statue the well-known words, "He that is without sin among you let him first cast a stoneat her" (St John viii, 7). The figure chosen by him for illustration is that of a man whose action of stoning the woman is suddenly arrested by the memorable words.. Tl îjur», halt drawn back, the lend, «till holding tl .lea*, ted the as yet unrelaxed muselés of the ern rare admirable. ,The facial eiprcsaion is exoellen Apart from th» teohnical ability, by which tl sculptor baa fully realised his subject, there ie li In the statue. It b broad and "full in treatmoi end it is most vigorous. It ie -a work of whii tba sculptor may be justly'.proud. It won .doubtless find itt way to our Notional Callory i cae*, but unfortunately, «a I ant given to undi 1 sited, there are no fund* at présent available iori pnrohsja, . '.' ' " *>' . . ' *( . ; Tbs acboel children'* farewell te.Xord and Ltd Carrington, which wu celebrated i on Wed nee di evening, wera graceful tribute to those who hat often «howe keen personal interest 'in the progrei of th« rising generation. That it took the form i a; musical festival wa* quite natural, fnr musio rae of the few thinge in which Urge numbers ea bud thtmeslvs* together for euooeeifnl ' unite ectiae. Whether the performance wa* good or nt ii of but little moment eo far a* concern« tbe nici ness of the ide* whence it originited; and even i the singing of the children wes not all that could t . wUhte>tb*fsetmuetUc«nsldMedtnattbeS'^tado( not et protMt profess to teach voice-caltlvetien, bu 'only the rudireenla of music-reading. It woul have bein well had another musical festival of tmesh mere ambitious oort been undertaken-not b aabool children, bat by mueieiene generally, to .only musie ia this city, owe* much to Lord< an ledr Carrington, Whatever «ou* may think e .the Wea of " patronage " In reaped of «t end, artist! thin ii no doubting the feet that lt i* much .aough after in thete colonies, and it is Uyond qaertio that many au' undertaking bas been greatl. btatflted through the influence of the "conn .nance and support granted by our , popula Governor and hie. lady - granted, doabtltei often et considerable trouble and eelf-aacrifioi The Sydney Liedertafel Society' bee remembered it oUigttioat, and in the "serenado" given at Govern aunt House last week has made due ackndwledg ?at of them. If no other * fertwall'.' expreesioi of sentiment hej emanated from the musioiani et Sydney, the feet may ptrhape be ascribed to lae] .f general organisation, but at any rate, Lord ant Luy Carrington may be assured that tb* matice notion of our publie no lee* thin others, will oar Waly hold them always in honoured and kindlj esteem. \- From the very first the Centennial Hall WM ex steted to exercise ootuidarable influence on musie »sing. both the moat central aad the fines hill for eoncert. purpose«. One very prommatl ebne of that influence, already noticeable, ie, thi Uangnratlen of an era of " popular prices." At tbi tnt bluih the idea ot bringing ell concerts within >awh of th* shallowest pockets seams suggestive ol . sort et musical millennium ; but with thia, ai «dib mott other questions, there is a reveres,ai will ss en obverse »ide. ' Popular prices will bi remunerative with really large audience*, but aol etiterwise. If the charge« for admiaaian be reducid itt audiences must increase proportionately.' or alu Statist et one kind or another must follow. It we* observable oven' at, the Petey concerti that tam wu a strong dit inclination on th* pert .f ta* publlo to patronise the aeata eei epirt for those, preparad to pay «bat (std to be tbe atandard price of Ss. while in, other «art« of the house it was easy lo recognise many who sied to be fréquenter* of th« reserved ohain In' ether eoBowt-haU«, Behind much that may ba good in all this, there ?alio danger. To give a flrit- cleas concert entails {net expanse-a .« Petey " concert, tor exemple, en hardly be given nader a ooet of about 1170, while it is by no meaos eat of. tba woy. for tte eipetsee ot'one of th» Philharmonic Society's pMdoetios* to be nearly. Í80Q. It takes, indeed, muy a "mickle" of popular pries* to make a . Buckle " lufBcient to rocoup »oh expenditure. The recent concerte ot the Philharmonic Bodily ware really. well attended, yet it io under geed.that they were unremunetatlve, resulting ia the pestponement of further operations for some tine The Petey concerts alto' attracted large indine**, and yat it is very doubtful if they .brought any substantial profit to the manegement. Another ioitanoe ot popular prices for: good eon« ewto fmUar to pay espsasee I« to be feund ia th» oat* of the Iva Orpheu* Society. In e recent letter to tb« Harald, M. Kowalski ha* pointed out that «ii oonaecilon with that eooi-ty brought him a lew hmm for all hi* artistic work than tho wage af an Bwkulei manual lsboureiv His sad experienoee, .».nd atio hy the other members af thetaooiety, «ve resulted ia the publlo being henceforth deprived «theadvantage formtriyeajovedof having per nmue*i of the best mtuio at low prices. Tbe publio \- eunot reasonably expect musicians and «níripre J»»** to tot frans philanthroplo motive* only, aad ?nile, lit« other commodities, moat he paid for if «. poesession be desired. Bow far th» nair W'»rjnioei' will affect the continuance of the »«Ml* of goad musio is a problem the .olutioa of »sich will be wetohed curiously. In .ooh hall* u tt»tef the Y. EÛA. 600 people used to constitute ,» good * andiene*. It will require fully that «urnbsr in the ehilUng aeata of the Centennial £*" 44 W »»rely the evening'e rent 'of the .ödiiig before providlog one penny for the nal ,«|W»Nof thecmeert ? ? e ... . . a . "Chivalry ¡i an irigredient sadlv lacking in oar «od. Sosaig that peraon ot "ancient linesge," W *8o«nr« . d^*en odd yeera einoe, lh'« The Kîihip'è lamentation may be oom. | » th* eeewideratioa of oenaia of oar yena« £525T:.i.A,-,'-,lta;** ««« *«e«Mie«wuly vmm by th* mal» UMttrtrfoer, bat I haw» aoviced Si*** ,* í^ r*^ *hloh mw be imputed to a WM thirst, that ta ealtnyJatai to bring th» offtoder* pnt* ^ »o»*"ttho cartela falUupon A^l?", mtitn *h^««he pi»o» it divided into iwlflí?«?,,K *??T? U * »to«Be>cle> toward* ^.y**'*»» reeulU ia cionelderahle ineoe i5T*. ÎÎ tt» MfetttiMto l^llg» . who, J«ro« th« « weaker" MS. an^rroaeetuly SKS*..««*, to. , renaît» M Uttle ai ak . «^«UM hW tMrat iaTbHSliiX^cet don theatre, and it isi n ranttor of common practica "for ber to drink h»r after-dinner oonoo 'during, tb« intervaU of a play. Mr*'' Grundy, however, bei eet her feoe against these onttonu being exercised in Australia, end »he condemns th» gentle tdmirei pf the pley to »it throughout e hot eummer'e night, in« stifling atmosphère, minué the most innoououa beverage. But if Indies must remaia thirsty in tbe colonial play-house they ahould, at leait, bc »pared the effects ot tho reckless haute ol the more favoured individuals, Their toes ari trodden upon and their knees banged in the most indiscriminate fashion, the treipaaiera on good taste being invariably the young bloods who, < it ii charitable to suppose, know no better. Not an act passes but out the? rush. If driok they mutt, they aliuuid ai any rate make 'lot thi- neuivat aisle, and he mindful of their neighbour/a feet and feelioxe.. A oorretpondeat complaios in yeiterdéy'e paper of " the practioe which has recently grown up in our Sydney theatres pf introducing »low musio by way of emphasising any imimrtant or .pathetic piece of acting." Referring more particularly to " Borneo and Juliet '* at the Theatre Boyal, he ob- jects to the musio being "continuad after the actor bat appeared OB the scene." In the first place, it may be noted that the practice ailudad to is not by any mean» new to this city, nor did it originate here. Incidental musio hoe. long bean recognised in the theatre as a necessity. It ie just ss much part and parcel of the play as the eoenery or the costuraos. Its ose springs from tho idea that everything sbonld be dene en th» ttage for the sake of dramatic effect. It will be generally admitted. I think, that a theatrical production ia greatly helped by music. What would "Th* Corsican Brother»" he without itt creepy " ghost melody ''. or " The Belle " without Its musio ? Dezent ot play» could be mentioned whioh have received muon benefit from thia .ouroev Comedy rarely require*, this help, but even it must eometimea invoke the assistance of musio, as witnaea that which aecompaoies the mixing of th» boluc in "Dandy Dick." llutio ia Indispensable to melodrama, while it it alway» a feature in Shakespearean revivals of importance. Signor Heron's compositions for Mr. George Big nold's production last yèar of " Julius Cour" will he remembered by thé a asistan oe given by them to th» tragedy. Nor ie the question of musio and Shakespeare confined to the stage. Whoa Mr. Henry Irring and Misa Ellen Tarry gave their readings from " Macbeth " a few months since in Londou and . the English provinces. Sir Arthur Sullivan's musio was performed everywhere, Nay, more ; of such importance did Mr- Irving consider this matter that he travelled with en orchestra numbering close upon three «core performer* and hie own conductor. The main question at issue, however, is not so much that of incidental musie, se the way, in wbioh it is treated. The musio which accompanies a play'should, ao far as is possitde, aisist the aotion of tho piece and the story presented ; but it should always ba subservient to toe pla;. When it pre- dominates, when it attraott attention to itself to the detriment of the dramatic work presented, it lout itt purpose, Th» correspondent who objects to, tho." Borneo and Juliet " musie may be over sensitive on the subjeot I do not think that the ordinary theatre-goer will find it obtrusive. The fitness ot the musio it all Ibo question, and this mutt depend to a large extent on ' the individual tpectttor. Some people aro indifferent to the charms of musie, other« are effected by it in aa extraordinary manner. Bo far as melodrama is' concerned, I am glad to note a sensible change of Ute in thi* direc- tion. It is not M very long linoe that every character in this kind of play was described hy the musio which accompanied bis or her 'entrance. The villain, the heavy falber, tue vlrtuou* hero, tb» spotless, heroine, were all denoted by the muaio, which wu harrowing in the extreme, or dreadfully elow, or suggestive of the happy village home at circumstances demanded. " We have reformed that indifferently with us * now. The change ia due to the better taste wbioh is springing up in regard to the theatre, and whioh raeognisee the velue te whioh the proper ute of musio may be pub < TRÍUltVIB. 