THE RELIGIONS OF THE WORLD. A series of lectures under this title havo been delivered in Trinity Church, Maldon, on Sunday evenings during the past few months by the Rev. B. W. Cooke, M.A., incumbent, and have attracted a good deal of attention. No. XI. —CHRiSTLANrrr.—PROTESTANTISM— No. 3, METHODISM. Methodism is, of course, the most modern ofany ofthe religions which, iu this course of lectures, we have described, and one constquence of its origin being so near to our own times is that more Information by far is to be obtained <»nc*rmog,_ittiian can be gained with regard to the religSoHs of the long past. Whilst this fact undoubawr makes the subject more interesting, at tip; jsauie time it increases the difficulty of treating it within the limits of the half-hour, beyond which a preacher cannot detain his audience on a Sunday evening. The tremendous work tailed in writing the life of a religious leader lately deceased, viz., Dr. Pusey, is said to have just cost us the life of England's greatest and noblest preacher, Cannon Liddon, of St. Paul's, London. Much therefor* must be omitted this evtning, and only that side of Methodism which relates, directly or indirectly, to the Church of England can be touched upon, though this means a good deal, as you will presently see. The founder then of Methodism in England was John Wesley, born at Epworth in Lincolnshire in 1703, his father being rector of the parish. While yet a child a narrow escape from destruction by fire in his father's hoase_ made a deep impression on his mind, which was never afterwards effaced. At 11 years of age he was sent to the Charterhouse school in London, in which he distinguished himself. Being intended for holy orders he became, along with bis brother Charles, an undergraduate of Oxford university, where he was both diligent and successful. In the year 1725 he was ordained deacon, and in the following year priest, being also made a Fellow of Lincoln College. After assisting his father at Epworth for a short time, he returned to Oxford in 1729. A few years before this, in 1727, the two brothers, with several other young men in the University, banded themselves together to study the Bible, to visit the poor, to observe the fasts on Wednesday and Friday, and to communicate more frequently than was then the custom. In the year 1735 this Brotherhood consisted of 14 or 15 members, including the famous George Whitfield. The life of Wesley from this time forward is the history of Methodism, but before beginning that we may give a few particulars as to his personal character. like most men of strong indivuality he had some marked failings, chief among which was an intense love of arbitrary power. He seems indeed to have been a born autocrat. When a senior scholar at the charterhouse, it was noticed that he associated chiefly with the little boys, whom he would gather round him, and harangue them. Being remonstrated with once by one of the masters, on this strange preference, he replied " Better to rule in hell than serve in heaven. 1 ' This gives an index to his whole character in after life. It was not his habit to listen to other people's arguments at all, but when any of his preachers differed from himself, he threw them overboard with perfect indifference, or, as he expressed it, he "commended them to God." Such a man was not likly to obey bishops, or in fact any authority whatever. Being vigorously opposed in the Methodist conference of 1781, he secured himself against any rebellion the following year by inviting by name each person who was to be present; then there was peace. Wesley knew his influence over educated people to be only slight, asd complained that he could rarely keep professional men, such aB lawyers and doctors, or booksellers either, long with him. He excluded from his first conference in 1784, some of his oldest and ablest preachers, selecting tnany deficient in abilities, and some who were still upon trial; the qualifications of several others being, we are told, ignorance, fanaticism, and ductility. John Wesley continued to reside in Oxford nntil the death of his father, which took place in 1735. His friends were anxious for him to apply for the living Epworth, but this he declined to do. About this lime a wide sphere of "usefulness was opened np to him in America. A colony had just been established in Georgia, and the Governor who had concluded a treaty with the Creek Indians was anxious to establish a mission among them. John and Charles Wesley undertook the management ot it, and left England for America. Here they labored with much zeal, but owing to unexpected obstacles arising their efforts to convert the Indians were fruitless, so they abandoned the work and returned home in 1738\. The effect, however, produced upon Wesley himself by this journey was momentous and life-long, for in Georgia he became acquainted with memljcrs of the Moravian Church, was favorably impressed with their doctrines and practises, and received from them more serious impressions of divine things than he had ever before experienced. To become more acquainted with their rnles and practises he also pud a visit to the Moravian settlement in Germany, and associated himself and his followers with them in London. In a storm at sea on his return from Georgia in 1738, Wesley wrote the oft-quoted words—"I went to America to convert the Indians, but oh ! who shall convert me." He goes on to explain that by this he meant that he could not look death in the face without trouble of spirit, nor eay "to die is gain." He wanted a sure trust and confidence in God that " through the merits of Christ his sins were forgiven." Simply because this assurance was wanting he called himself " unconverted," "alienated from the life of God," "a child of wrath," "an heir of hell" Four months after this he was " converted" under Moravian influence—another foreign religicn introduced into England. Wesley's own account of his conversion makes it to depend entirely, not on his mind bung convinced of tiie wickedness or insincerity of the life he had been leading, bat entirely on the state of his feelings. " I felt my heart strangely warmed, I felt I did trust in Christ, assurance waa given me that He had taken away my sins, even mine." From this day, 14th May 1738, Wesley's followers date his conversion. But all studentB of human nature know how changeable our feelings are, and so we are not surprised to find him, only a few months afterwards, viz., on 4th January 1739, stating than even then he " was not a Christian," '* this he knew as assuredly as he knew that Jesus is the Christ, for he had neither the love of God, nor joy in the Holy Ghost, nor the peace of God." Being asked how he knew this he replied " became I feel it." Wesley's assurance and sense of forgiveness lasted therefore not quite eight months! A most unstable dadzioe surely- £o lean fipon, aad yet adopted by the Methodist societies as the Tety ground work "of their Faith, and required to be both accepted and experienced by all their members. Alas for human leaders and their ways! " Cease ye from man whose breath 33 In his nostrils, for wherein is he to be accounted of." Say not " I am of Paul or I am of Apollos," but htld to " the faith once for all delivered to the saints." John Wesley could not " rule his own house," and therefore on St. Paul's own showing was nnfit to "take care of the church of God." This doctrine of assurance is one of the Lambeth articles drawn up by certain Calvinists in 1595, but rejected by the English Church. It defines a " true believer" as one who is "certified by the full assurance of faith that his sins arc forgiven. and that he shall be everlastingly saved by Christ." Certainty of final salvation was also held by Wesley for a short time, but writing to his brother Charles in 1767 he said he had been convinced to the contrary. No one of course denies the possibility of present forgiveness of sins; indeed, we trust that daring the approaching Mission many people may experience it, but the doctrine of assurance which Wesley preached GO vigorously for some years consisted in the necessity of an absolute certainly, that our sins are forgiven, without which one cannot be a child of God. It was a seeking to control the action of that spirit which "bloweth where he Ksteth, and whose coming and going no man can tell, as if he could be bound down to times and places. That Wesley had seriou? doubts about his own conversion is plain from the fact that after the famous entry in his journal of February 1738, "I went to America to convert others, and was never myself converted to God." He added a note, printed in his own edition of 1771, but afterwards suppressed and ignored, as follows : —" I am not sure of this." In 1747 he writes—"The assertion that faith is a sense ef pardon is contrary to reason is flatly absurd ; for how can a sense of our having received pardon be the condition of our reoeiring it?" the very argument I used in my lecture on Lntheranism. Again in 1761 Me wrote—" We believe a man may be a ;real Christian without being assured of his mlvatiop. In 1768—"I believe that a few, hut a very few Christians have an assurance from God of everlasting salvation. I believe more have such an assurance as excludes all doubt or fear." WithJhis last assertion few of ns would find faultT*Xnhis old age Wesley wrote to Mr. Horue these memorable words —" When, 50 years ago, my brother Charles and I in the simplicity of our hearts told the good people of England that unless they knew their sins were forgiven they were under the wrath and curse of God, I marvel they did not stone us. The Methodists, I hope, know better now. We preach assurance as we always did, but we do not enforce it under the pain of damnation." But it was the old tale of the ball set rolling which cannot be stopped. " Boys flying kites haul in their white winged birds. You can't do that way whan your flying words." Wesley's retractation came too late to alter the teaching of the Methodist society, which has always been that assurance is necessary to salvation. Take that away, and its raison d'etre is gone entirely. All other conversion is freely taught in the church, as you will shortly hear it during the Mission. But the real time of Wesley's conversion in a true and scriptural sense was in the year 1725, when he was 22 years old. He was then "exceedingly affected" by Bishop Jeremy Taylor's " Holy living" and " Holy dying," and resolved "to dedicate all my life to God, all my thoughts, words, and actions, convinced that every part of my life must be a sacrifice to God or to myself, i.e., to the devil." He was confirmed in his resolutions by reading a year or two afterwards Law's " Christian perfection" and " Serious call," Now such a resolve for self-dedication may reasonably be called conversion, or turning to God. But to call the assurance, which Wesley learnt from the Moravians in May 1738, and so soon lost, conversion is to pay no regard tothe meaning of words. When John Wesley first founded his society he called it after the Moravians the " United Society," but the name of " Methodists" given to him and his half-doz;n friends at Oxford by the undergraduates, in banter in 1728, seon became the popular name ef his followers, and was accepted by himself and them as early as 1744. The name, however, had a previous history both in France and England. The first step which Wesley took outside the limits of the church was to build "preaching houses," set up without the sanction, asked or obtained, of the incumbent or bishop. In 1744 he asks " How far iB it our duty to obey the bishops ?" his reply being " In all things indifferent." Thus whilst professing earnest devotion to the Church of England, auid laying great stress npon being a priest of it, he at the same time organised his society, aa if such a thing as church laws had no existence, and refused to recoguise any authority but his own. When asked 25 years later for his authority to act as he had done, he replied, " By the authority of Jesus Christ, conveyed to me by the Archbishop of Canterbury when he said, laying hands upon me,—Take thou authority to preach the GospeL" But Wesley garbled these words by leaving out the important ones which finish the sentence* and complete its sense, viz., " in the congregation where thou shalt be lawfully appointed thereunto." He obeyed half the command, and threw over the rest, yet presuming to use half a sentence as his justification. Here is another index to the man's character. The bishops of that time have been much blamed for their treatment of VY esley bat in justice to them we must remember two things—first that Wesley insisted on preaching in any parish of the United Kingdom wherever he pleased. Would our bishops allow -it now against the parish priest's consent? Not for a moment. Yet after saying in grandiloquent language " The world is my parish," he allowed no such liceuse to his preachers, who were " not to ramble up and down, but to go where the assistant directs, and there only." If the preachers were to obey him so implicitly, surely he might have obeyed the church. Wesley openly defied church law, yet the bishops tolerated, and some en couraged him* Would the Wesleyan ccn ference nowadays tolerate for a moment a minister who asserted such a right as Wesley did ? They would make short work of him, and quite right too. Wesley indeed acted with the full knowledge and approval of the most eminent bishops of his age. It is not true that he and Charles were driven out of the church. Speaking of his preaching in unlicensed places of worship in 1744 Wesley says, " No one in England ever thought, or called it leaving the church. It was never esteemed so by Archbishop Potter, with whom I had the happiness of conversing freely, ner by Archbishop Seeker, who was thoroughly acquainted with every step we took, as was likewise Dr. Gibson. Bishop of London, and that great man Bishop Lowth. Only Arebbishop Potter once said " Those gentlemen are irregular, but they have done good, and I pray God to bless them." What could be more liberal than such treatment, and how unjustly hare the bishops been blamed ? Wesley was certainly persecuted in his earlier days, but it was by lawless mobs encouraged sometimes by godless magistrates, not on account of his real religion, but because he was commonly believed to be a papist, a jesuit, and friend of the Pretender, the dissenters being active against him. As to his relation to the Church of England, Wesley wrote in 1783, "I have.advised the Methodists to keep to the church." " If ever the Method isfcs were to leave the chnrch, I must leave them." In his 132nd sermon he wrote, " We do not, we will not form any separate sect, but from principle remain what we always have been, true members of the Church of England." In 1788, he says, " This is the peculiar glory of the Methodists ; they will not separate from the chnrch." In 1787 to the Metho dists at Deptford he said—" If you hare your service in church hours, from that time you will see my face no moreor again, " We fixed both our morning-and evening service, all over England, a.-* KUall hours as not to interiere with the church." "Ill the year 1743, 1 published the rules of tbe Society, one of which was that all the members thereof should constantly attend the Church and sacra ment." Finally in April 1790, fifteen months ouly before his death, he wrote, 1 declare once more, that I live and die member of the Church of England, and that none who regard my judgment or advice will ever separate from itThus, although headstrong iu bis resistance to authority, yet Wesley, it is abundantly evident, remained aji attached member of th" English church to the|day of his death, and used all his influence to restrain some impetuous spirits who even the were agitating for a formal act of schism. In a letter to to Miss Bishop 1778, he wrote, " We inserted in the very £rst rnles of our society, They that leave the church leave ns." As to the services of the church he bore this testimony " I myself find more life iu the church prayers than in the formal extemporary prayers of dissenter." "I wish none of our society would use the term 'Gospel Sermons,' it has become a mere cant word. Let but a part self-sufficient animal, that has neither sense nor grace, bawl out something about Christ and His blood, or justification by faith, and his hearers cry out ' What a fine Gospel Sermon.' Surely the methedists have not so learned Christ. God has surely raised ns up for the church chiefly, that a little Isaven may leaven the whole lump." This was undoubtedly Wesley's desire and purpose that his society with its lay preachers should be an auxiliary to. the Church of England as are the monastic orders to the Church of Rome. But principles once laid down will -work themselves out. Wesley defied the authority of his own church, and as soon as he bad passed away in the year 1791, his preachers treated his written commands and wishes with as scant respect as he had pud to the Canons of the chnrch. His views with regard to the status of his preachers, and ther claims to the priesthood were well known. In 1745 he had written " We believe there is, and always was, in every christian church, an outward priesthood ordained by Jesus Christ, and an outward sacrifice offered therein by men authorised to as ambassadors of Christ etc. We believe it would not be right for us to administer either baptism or the Lord's supper, unless we had a commission to do so from those bishops whom we apprehend to be in a succession from the apostles, the same year answering an objection raised against his preachers, he said, " They take not upon them to administer the sacraments, an honor peculiar to the priests of God." In 1756 he remonstrated thus with Bome of his preachers " You believe it to be a duty to administer the Lord's Supper, I verily believe it is a sin, which, consequently I dare not tolerate." In 1763 Wesley got one of his preachers named Jones, ordained by the Greek bishop Erasmus, then in England, to enable him to celebrate the sacrament, taking great pains to ascertain first that Erasmus was really a bishop. But Charles refused to recognise Jones* orders, and he was • afterwards ordained by tbe bishop ef London, who in 1768, at Wesley's request, ordained another of his preachers for Newfoundland. Bnt we may be told that Wesley altered his views towards the end of his life. This is not the case, for in May 1789, when at Cork, he addressed some of his preachers who were desirous of celebrating the Lord's supper ; on Hebrews V. 4, as follows :—" You never dreamed of this for ten or twenty yeans after ye began to preach, ye did not then, like Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, seek the priesthood also. O contain yourselves within your own bounds. Be content with preaching the gospel. In God's name stop there." Thus Wesley, by word and act for fifty years, down to the year before his death, testified to the doctrine that every Presbyter In the the Church of Christ must be ordained by the laying on of hands. No donbt it will be said, how do you account for Wesley's own ordinatien of Priests and Bishops for America and Scotland ? The truth is, he appeus to have been convinced for a time by a boof of Lord King's that Bishops and Priests were of one and the same order. His brother Charles remonstrated with him, and satirised his conduct. His friends attributed it to failing intellect, he being in his 82ud year. The Rev James Chrichton, one of his most trusted clergy, who joined him in his ordinations, says that Wesley repented with tears that he bad ordained any of his preachers, that he expressed his sorrow for it, at the conference of 1789, and occasionally afterwards till bis death. The year after Wesley died his preachers met together, and put it to the lot whether they should administer the sacrament for the ensuing year or not. It forbade them to do so, but it would never hare done to run the risk of another refusal, so they took it out of the hands of Provi dence the next year, and put it to the vote among themselves, a majority of eighty six to forty eight said "yes," and thns this modest assembly voted themselves into the priesthood ! The history ef all Christendom does not happily record a similar proceeding. We have heard of a chairman procuring his election to a board by giving the casting vote in his own favor, but this outdoes it entirely. The preachers now repudiated all necessity for ordination, said that distinctions between ordained and unordained should cease, and that being received into full connection by conference should be a sufficient ordination without imposition of hands. Forty years passed away, and then iu 1836 the Wesleyans adopted the same ordination by laying en of hands, which iu 1793 they had solemnly repudiated. But they had not than even the Presbyterian orders which John Wesley for a time professed to believe in. The rite of ordination in 1S36 was performed by the president, ex-president, secretary, with three senior preachers, none c-f whom had received orders, whether Episcopal or Presbyterian, by laying on of hands by anybody. Jabez Bunting, the president, confessed this to be the case with himself. If these 6 men were Presbyters without ordination, what ueed was there for the preachers on whom they laid hands to receive it? and what had the six to convey? They bad received no gift of office, and therefore could not pass it on. It all meant nothing, and was an ntter inconsistency. The same empty ceremony has been kept up to the present day, and is well calculated to impose on those who do cot know the history of its origin. But water cannot rise higher than its souree, and Wesley's lay-preachers are lay-meu stilL His epitaph in the city road chapel, written by his friend and trustee. Dr. Whitehead, described John Wesley as " The patron and friend of lay-preachers." This solemn statement was naturally unacceptable to tbe newly pledged priesthood, so the words have been carefully removed from the monument, and in their place have been substituted, " The chief promoter and patron of the plan of itinerant preaching." The change was probably made in 1822. No time is left to speak of Wesley's sacramental views, which differed widely from those of modern methodists. Since the great Church Revival'of this century Methodism in England has failed to make headway, and in some districts has declined 2 per cent, per annnm. A vast number of its ministers both in England and America have received episcopal ordination, and the drift of its younger members into the church is a subject often bewailed in its religious press. This is but natural since all for which the Wesleys contended may now be bad within the bosom of the church, and there can be little doubt that were those earnest men now living, they would hail the Oxford movement as the complement and successor of their own, and would throw in their lot therewith. 