THSTOWHST. In Maoriland. . . By The Scout. I left Wellington with regret ; but Cliristchurcu has a reputatiou which made a visit to it impera tive. Lyttcltonwas enveloped in fog to the water's edge as we approached and entered within the breakwater whicn endows a snug harbour, and — from appearances — a busy one. The seaport town has not much to detain one, and we were soon driving through the Moorhouse tunnel, which pierces the Port Hills, and emerged on, the plains which surround the cathedral city. The Canterbury pilgrim sees, much that would astonish the old- time pilgrims of Chaucer's tale, but they would, neverthe'ess, Bee a city which has the strongest possible flavour of the ttDgliBb. Church. The cathedral, rearing its spire, decapi tated by an earthquako recently, in the centre of the city, the streets, named after English bishoprics, the trees bare of all but the last few withered leaves, and, one might add, the damp, cold weather prevailing at this season, these, together wi,th the architecture of many of the build ings, all reminded one of some provincial cathedral town in England. It is only fair to odd that the life and bustle of Chrisichurch tended to dupel the illusion. The river, winding in and out about the town, is a very pretty feature, and wben the tr-.es ou its banks are in leaf, must be charming. The ball in which the pro vincial council 6at before centralisation abolished it is a, beautiful piece of architecture, richly coloured and with stained glasB windows, which admit a soft mellow light. The museum is like moet museums, only rather better than other colonial museums — a fact which is attributed to a judicious trade in inoa bones with kindred institu tions in Europe, Skeletons of wha'es hang poised in mid-air . like the ghosts of the leviathans that were slaughtered in thousands in New Zealand waters. The ubiquitous plesiosau rus, without which no museum is comp'ete 6treiches his fossil fins in vain efforts to escape his stony covering, and at unexpected turns a royal Bengal tiger or a grimly smiling gorilla meets the eye. Geological specimens, bottled fish, technological exhibits, Maori wares (not whares) and weapons, and in fact almost all the contents of a well furnished curiosity shop, are on view, and bring homo to one the vast fiold of ignorance which is the heritage of most of us. Oppressed with a tense of this, and scarcely stop ping to read the notice forbidding the entrance of perambulators, which a humane directorate has presumably drawn up with a view to sparing the infantile occupiers the possibility o£ meeting face to face the monsters exhibited within, I hurried to the Public Library as the best antidote to the ignorance so acutely im pressed on ma The library is small, and unpretentious, but no doubt serviceable. As is well known, hunting and other English sports flourish in New Zealand. On Saturday the Hunt Club held wiiat was considered a very successful race meeting by those qualified to judge. In the first race I raw all but two of t^e competitors come down, fortunately without doing any serious damage, but the curious thing was that neither of the two won. After an exciting finish they discovered that they had missed the last jump and returned to finish the course properly. Meanwhile a third rider had remounted and rode in the winner, after having been some half- mile be hind. I was infornrod that the course was a de cidedly 6tiff one, which the results would seem to indicate. Toe other races passed off with lens mis adventure, however, and experts pronounced the day's sport a good one. Chiistchurch pos sesses one distinction which should cot be overlooked. It has steam trame, which may be pronounced, without fear of contradiction, to be more hideous than those in Sydney. The demands of time hurried me away from Chrietchurch to Dacedin when I would gladly have tarried longer, and made a more intimate acquaintance with the city and its inhabitants. By the way, it is remarkable that a great number of the latter, considering the size of the place, are English University men. The train rims for many miles over the level plains to Timaru, croBsmg shingly river courses at inter vals, and the country is said to be grand farming land. Away to the west the mountain range is seen, with enow on some parts of it, though the winter hitherto has been a mild one. The latter part of the journey is picturesque, but ib reached after dark on the southward journey. The. line runs up the shore of Port Chalmers into Dunedin. Occasional glimpsos of tbe harbour could be made out through the gloom. In the morning, however, the fine situation of the town and its suburbs could be seen and appreciated. Like Wellington, Bunedin was badly off for flat ground, which it has largely supplied by reclamation, as lias also the capital city. There is a great contrast, however, in the buildings of tbc two cities, for in Dunedin most substantial stone and brick buildings ? are the rule, among which, those of some of the Sydney banks and societies are not tbe least prominent From the reclaimed ground the city stretches away up the hills and along the shores of the harbour, the houses gradu ally thinning out as the Buburbs are leached. Horse trams and cable trams, the latter running up two of the steepest ascents, connect the centre of the city with its most populous outskirts. Prince's-street — no doubt so called in loving remembrance of the great thorougnfare in 'Edinbro* toun' — h a wido and handsome street, but scarcely resembles its great prototype in more than name. One is prepared to find Dunedin very Scotch, and I roust confess to being a little disappointed in that respect. The Land of Cakes wob not forcibly brought to mind by the sights and sounds of the place. I did not try the experiment of calling out 'Mac' in the streets; but I believe not more than a dozen or so of persons at any one spot would have replied,: Porridge is not more in evidence than elsewhere, and hasrgis is not a common article on the bill of fare. Lastly, tbe men do not wear kilts, nor is the wild ekirl of the bagpipe heard indiscriminately in tbe streets. Scotch name?, it is true, are common, and the Scotch accent strikes the car occasionally. Though. Dunedin has suffered like the rest of the country from -commercial depression, it, neverthe less, has the appearance of a thriving city, and business men, so far as one could gather from a limited amount of conversation, are by no means despondent about its future. In Otago it has a country rich in natural resources to support it The Mossgiel Woollen Works are situated about eight miles from the city, and have earned a good reputation for their products. The Union Steamship Company also has its headquarters - in Danedin. There is apparently not a great deal to bo seen in the way of city sights. The Museum is not equal by any means to that in. Christchurch either in size or arrangement of exhibits. The University buildings look picturesque from a distance, but, not being, centrally situated, a. visit was postponed sine die. I was fortunate enough to see over one of tbe Public schools through the kind offices of a friend, and was much interested, since I bad heard a great deal of the education which a paternal Government dispenses free of charge to the rising generation. It is said that so good is the instruction in these schools that private schools are becoming things of the past in New Zealand. In confirmation of this the children of prominent politicians, profeesional men, and others in high positions were pointed out to me sitting among the children of poor, but honest, parents. So it is that the 'masses' and the 'clashes' meet It would be idle to pretend that a few minutes in each of the class rooms while work was going on could enable one to form anrihipg Jibe an accurate opinion of the method of instruction, but it may be said that to all appearances tbe teaching was conducted in an intelligent aud enlightened way, with not much cram, and an effort to cultivate reasoning. Close to this school stood one of the High schoo's which form the next step in tbe educational ladder. The building itself is a fine one, as arc similar institutions in the other large citiee, but they must have cost a very considerable sum, and a glance at them enables one to understand partly why tbe bill for public instruction is half a million a year. This is a lar^e sum, and is con sidered too large by many, especially in Auckland, where economy appears to be 'in the air' ; but to reduce it would be unpopular among the lower classes. Gymnastics form part of the regular curriculum in the High school, and a doctor's cer tificate is necessary to excuse any pupil from at tendance. I was told of many pretty excursions about Dunedin, but, alas, time was running on, and I fonnd myself on board the Northern express again without having done them. However, a few very pleasant days on a sheep station in the Canterbury district compensated me for this, and enabled me to 663 a glimps* of country life. This in Canter bury is not by any means the ' rough solitary existence of some of our back block stations. On the contrary, there is a number of men of good family and good education settled in tbia particular part, and, as my own experience showed, neither social amenities nor more material comfort* are at all wanting. There is also the greatest diversity of scenery. The plains run for miles and miles to the southward of Canterbury, but are skirled by a mountain range in which,. as I was in- . formed, there is an abundance of scenery that is as wild and grand as could be desired. The contrast as the eye turns from the long stretch of level plain to the bold outline of tbe mountains, with the mantle of snow tbat drapes them to tbe Bhoulders in the winter, is very striking. The plains are intersected by numerous rivers fed from the mountains and scarcity of water is almost unknown. The rivers have a retiring way of flowing under a bod of shingle in dry times, but water can always be obtained by sinking a little. Water races have been made in many places and run for miles over the plains, which are bare of trees for the moBt part, except where plantations have been made. Among the bills, however, the brush is very thick, and creepers and ferns run riot. Song-birds are particularly plentiful and^ are re markably lame for the reason, it is said, that there wore no cata or other four-footed enemies in New Zealand when first inhabited, consequently the ground was safer than the air, and any intruder approaching on foot is not much feared. The large areas of ground on which turnips are grown for the sheep give rather an English look to the country, as do the numerous gorse hedges. The farmers bail the establish ment of the frozen meat export as their salvation, and declare that without it sheep would bave been worth almost nothing now, but since a recent cablegram stated tbat the market could absorb five times the amount now sent, they are cheerful over their prospects. I bade farewell to my kind host with regret and after a day or two more in Christchurch, took steamer at Lyttelton for home. The voyage northward to Wellington was a memorable one. The Kaikoura Mountains run along the coast for many miles, and as we had a gloriously sunny day, the constantly changing views of their Bnowy peaks and lugged valleys were wonder fully fine. After a few boars at Wellington we got under weigh again for Sydney, and sighted the otd, familiar heads after a calm and prosperous voyage. I bave abstained from dwelling on the weather in New Zealand, not because tbe subject is dry ; it was all too much the contrary. It may be dis missed in one word, wet There is another matter which has not been mentioned before, and was everywhere being discussed, I mean the Jabour question. It seemed to me tbat capitalists were more inclined than are capitalists in Sydney to allow a necessity for trades-unions and to admit tbe justice of their demands up to a certain point ; bnt they are decidedly anxious about the future; and it is by no means improbable that strong employers' unions will come into existence before long. * One opinion, expressed by a man of acknow ledged ability, was to the effect that before a settlement was efiected blood would be 6hed. But the majority take a more sanguine and less san guinary view, and from the expression of moderate views by same of the representatives of trades unions at Christohurch there would appear to be some justification for the hope that the common sense of both sides will find a middle way tbat will be practicable. One word in conclusion about tb« four cities in and about which the population of New Zealand mainly group3 itself. The citiiens of these centres are so apt themselves to 'institute comparisons that a stranger unwittingly yields to tbe evil impulse. I 6honld be inclined to dis tinguish them by tbe following characteristics.^ Auckland for ease, Wellington for wealth-getting.. Christchurch for comfort, D.unedin for industry. With these impressions I conclude thi6 highly im preEBionist sketch. 