Sentence S-'uspen'd d. 1 1 " I would have bim nine y?rso ikilling."-OTerlL.o. The light which pierced through the email it panes of the window and fell upon her book was beginning to grow dim. Filmy shadows gradually outlined themselves upon the ti walls of the room, marking the battle be tween the raya from the hearth-fire and those from the setting son. Together with the twilight came the chill air, settling down e0 into the valley from the snow- fields on the CI mounitaine. Sne shivered and drew the w shawl a little closer about her shoulders. at As she did no her eyes lifted to the clock on t the heavy atone mantel. "It is growing late," eaid ehe; "he will si return very soon." She stepped'to the door which led to the el rear'of the'dwelliing, and spoke a few words to: the housemaid, in a soft, clear voice. El Thtie, crossing to the other side of the room, It ehe'etddd'foreid inome?int by thei threshold whiich made the lione between the veranda and it the inferiodr It was the side entrance to the b ;house; and looki?ig icross a maze of unkempt y floWer:bede ono,could see some distance down tlh road. She peered haioiig 'the long e ?ehadows, but hoe was not'inl:sight:' She a!tirted to close the door,.but, remembering, , thitr:he'oild theii'not be' aable toi see the Y light:.f lthoroom; turned` away leaving it I open. :The fire had burned low; she re naewed itVwith everal large pieces of wood. It began to 'crackle and blaze and; the light danced merrily upon the wall, as if, it were confident'of victory overi'he unn. P Now she arranged a (large: wicker-ohair Iiid chair-in front of the hearth and shook out its lieavy silken cusoons:i?jar limail . n.ri.e t of-ar uen;and between the chair and she,fire she placed a prair'of aenill but miasdliine slippers. "it?er a standing;for a moment with her arnis lean- :h :ing upon tho.badk of the chair, she suddeply l bent her head downi aid kissed'tlie jiektt. Hdr fingers -buried themselves in its soft texture with an almost frantic olutch. Then 'esh gave a quiet little liaglih 'iuch ase a Woman.of thirty who had caught herself ini r dulging in young-wife folly; and resumed lier seat by the window. ' She was directly opposite the open door; I and by leaning a little toward the fire she could see out into the'road. 'Yet she listened c rather than looked, for she:know that ithe firsit impression which would come to her of, his nearness would be the sound of ibihis horse's hoofs, as they pounded upon the long w wobden culvert some'distanceaway. So she sat', her vision driftingilistlessl nerois the 1 narrow porch to the gently waving branches , of the trees. - . ' And she thoughthof liim-of this-gmn', a whom she loved with a .passion that had madle her forget the-world.-;' ' ' . Suddenlytshe. behoeld zan apparition just beyonad'the thrdehold of the door. There was an inetant during which shedgazed with a I questioning half-fear. Then she under. stood.: :- - - - -' '- . ' It was only a dog-a gaunt,' shaggy deers .1 hbond, with large, long limbs and a wolfish head. : He: had come upon the porch'so noiselessly and so quickly that:ho seemed to L materialise before her ' vision. Now he crouctied and watched her without mo'ing. ':And she sickened with the.icy chill of a dread.' With a long, hard effort she drew in her; breath and tried to speak, buit" her throat was frozen. ,She eat rigidly upright -etaring into the small gray eyes of the do--dumb ae'the apparition itself.' s lButterror, like all the greater sensations c of the soul, holds tenure by a short lease. j In a moment there was a reaction, and' her mind was 1irm .although:,her body still quivered. b . . . ' She tried again to speali adnd this'time her voide obeyed. - "iViking.' she called, "come here i" But-the dog did not mirve.'';Shereieanted e his name several times, speaking it louder and. more firmly. Not a hair.stirred. . `There- was a deep; hoarise laugh ad'd 'a 1 mane's voice from the yard said :': ,-..:. " ou'neoed" not tr it. Vit'si ta i Se did not start, for now lthat she had elen the dog the preisrie of his odn'er was no surprise; but the blood, which a nmoment before hiaddrqpped out ot her, face, flushedri I b*k, and everoy feature wars luminous with exeitrmnent.: '.i?? "Viking,"eoalled the voice; here !" t The dog epirag ?ip and suddenly left the E porch. Then ,there was the souind of a crasEih ing j.mong the bushes and.flowere, as though 1 sonic large" bundle were thiown"down, ans d the voice said. " Viking . guard I stay here !" - I .'ow was the momrient tso ecpe. She could go out, from the% other side of: the q house, run nmong the trees, and regaining the road some distalnne fiarther down, could B warn him of .the danger whibh threatened his life and hers. She .jumped tip and itated aerois ithe room, but in tlint instanft t canie the heavy step on the verandah. It a wa4 useless. As ahe returned to the chair, s theldark figure of- a man. nappeared in the a doorway. The space was narrow, the man immensely tall and large. eo that as he stood for a moment on the threshold he t seemied to cut her off entirely from the light I of the outside world. "aPhilipl" 1 The man in the doorway bowed and then t entered the room. IIR was clad in garments stained and tattered by long us- in rough a out:of-door life. A shaggy black beard e covered the lower part of his face, and the slouched hat of a mountaineer was drawn i down over his forehead. But his clear. strong eyes were visible, gleaming in thedim light. lie crossed the room toward the fire, still I gazing at her face. \When he came to the I chair which she had arranged before, tLhe hearth, his eyes suddenly shifted and fell upon the jacket lying over the back. He. lifted it up rnd held it at arni's length for an instant, glancing back and forth from her face to it with a peculiar smile. Then his jaws came together with a 1 snap, and gripping it tight in his grcea hands, he tore it to pieces. And the sound of that rending was strangely horrible to her. He brushebed the chair to one side and came nearer to the fire. He did not notice the Selippers, and the heels of his great heavy boots crme down upon their soft leoather, crushing it like paper. Then he strotl arllt, and looked at her and waited. At last she found voice to speak, and the a Swords, to her own Eurprie, seemed to be ut tered wih perfect calmness. " You have come to kill me." The man started back. " la 1 So that is what you were thinking. i. Ielen, how little you know me !" S He drew his hand down the edges of tile rough beard, watching her with a quiet, al meeot gentle geze. And a great part of her terror suddenly disapFeared. if her life were spared, she could certainly warn her lover in time to save him. "Only cowar'skill women," he said. "Then what is it--why are yut here 1" For answer, he locked down at the torn fragments of the garment at hisi feet, and then thlrough the open door up the road. " I understand," she said, almost fiercely; "you intend to kill--i;:,." " It would not be etrange if I wished to ttake his life," he said; "the racompensae would ae small enough. Think of how much more than life he robbed me, when he lured you away." "tie did not lure me," she answered, quickly; " I loved himn." " Yee. I believe that you did." "I love him now," ahe burst out, pas sionately-" a thousand timesr better, if that Swere possible, than I did when we--we came here. Life for me tolds nothing but this Slove-all the rest is gone. 'et I am happy -you can not uederestnd--l cannot tell you--" She stopped, for his face wore a grim and terrible emile, visible even under the heavy beard. ''1 have no doubt that you were happy," i said he, " though it is quite probable, as you Ssoy, that I fail to comprehend it." After a moment's Eilenre, he continued: "Helen, I this is a scene which I have often pictured to a myself during the past two years--when I i should lstand face to fac withl.you and listen Sto what you have to say in defence of your o self and of him. I am curious to hear it all, p Wil younotgoont" SHie waited, but she did not speak, "Come. You say that you loved him and a that you were happy. Well, that is some. a thine. What else have you to offer?" "Nothing." "Perhaps I was unkind to you. I did not intend----" "Not nol" g " Or it may be that you felt I was not trusting you as I should have done ?" " Oh, Philip, spare me I" h 11e pushed up his hat and passed his large, t brorzed hand over his forehead, smoothing r] out the savage wrinkles with which it was corrugated. His face was calm and stern- o without anger, but also without pity; and t she, looking up through the flngers with which she had half-ecovered her eyes in an g instinctive gesture of shame, felt her heart v eink anew. ' It is strange, very strange," said he, b slowly. She saw in his eyes what he was about to b say, and, lowering her hands from her face, looked steadily at him. a " It is strange, Helen, that I should hays v loved you so well during these years we have t been:separated-and that I should still love b yoi so well." - " Yes; you must love me, indeed," she I said, bitterly. SI do, indeed,"the replied; "you have just said that I could not understand how happy t you have been-and are. Perhanus you can not understand in what way I love you." ".I can understand how you would show r 'it. 'During these years you have hunted dverywh'ere to find me, that you might de- c stroy- my'happinens. At list you are succeess- a ful---' . 'I' Ait last-y--aa you say." "'And'you wvi kill him-I know that you I '"Yes," he inerrupted, his face blazing I again with the fury of hate, "I couldkill c him. " might meet him down the road-it i is growing dark. I could ecize the bridle of I his horse, before he discovered me, and drag t him down from the saddle. Then, with this c knife I--" the words ended in a long hiss. t "His rage did not frighten her as his calm- c ness did. The picture which he drew was I horrible 'enough; but 'it had somehow been I familiar to her thoughts from the first rooment when she had discovered the dog. t Her anger rose with. his, and, springing ous of the chair, she confronted him with a de flant,?onfeminine sneer. " Yet you say that you love me, and you know that.this man controls all my happi ness in life." ",He stared at her blankly for an instant, as t if suddenly recalled to the situation. When he spoke his voice was quiet and sad. "'"Yes":he said,, "you are right. It is t so. ' lIe controls your happiness." Something in the tone with which he spoke a 'cieused lier to add, quickly': 'And I do not t fear to trust hini with it.. S 'Ah," he said - "that eiems to Come from I your heart.":'; ; : ;'' "It doer."' ' . f "Then I am afraid that I have more to tell you than I eupposed.", . She laughed scornfully. . e I'can imagine what you would say-t-ihat: he will tire, of me and- ' " Sit down and listen." - r It was a command, not n request, and it i crushed the worde back into her throat. She obeyed.' ' t r" First let me correct a little mistake," I said he; ".it may not seem important, yet it will serve to make you understand my ac. I tions better. You say that I have spent all of'these years searching for you, and have I just found you." ; Tell me wlat became of the dog which I he formerly owned." . ' She started and looked at him with won dering eyes. . "It was killed one night soon after we caths here by some strange aninial." .By Viking 1" .' She drew in her breath,, with a '-short, quick gash,' and repeated, in a whisper : t re, Viking I". , . •"" N wtel iia - et.`.a ring for him-where is it 1" " He was robbed-alyear ago "she began.'faintly, iad he interrupted. . " 'He was "et upon :late at night on the rolid near the town, was he not, by a masked highwayman 7 Did he not describe the man to you-da 'great', strong; fellow, seilent as a ghost?: As for the ring "': iIe stretched out his clenched hand tunder her face, and from one .f the hairy fingers 'the cat's-eye.lemerd up at heri. I !.Whbile youh have b ben living .dityo' r e brief span of happiness here,'! said he; draw ing back his hand, ' Viking ar.d I have been 'quietly watching you fr m theo,mountains * above. I His dog haimpered my movements, o0 I haid Viking 'kill 'him.s" Often atnight, whenl you and be spent the evening to- I gether by'this fire, I gazed on you through that window. You reed not start and look around. I. am. hre nvw, not there. For some reason, I could not endure it that he 'should wear that ring- so I stopped him on the road and took it-away. " Why did I spare his life? Why have 1; through all this time, looked upon his happiness as a damned soul watches one in l'Pradie ? IIis death was from the first decreed in my heart, but I have been content to allow the sentence to remain suspended. A hundred times he has come within reach of my arm -and I have drawn back and said ' Not yet."' lie stopped suddenly, and she, hanging upon his words, could net but stammer the question : " For what reason ?" " Because your happiness depended on him--and I loved you. As lorg as he was true to you, he should suffer no harm from me." "Then what brings you now ," Iie razed long and fixedly at her without replying. lresently he said: " Can it be that sou have no suspicion 1" "Suepicion of him? None," she said, proudly. "Stranige! But now I remember that two y'ears ago 1 myself had no thought-" " :trust him, for I know that he loves " Yes, and I once trusted him for the same poor reason. Now, listen: you rarely go to rithe town below, and you do not know how his time is spent.'. l" But 1 have those there who watch his Severy movement:' I myself, in disguise, have often been near him for hours at a time. I know-and you do not. Now tell me, Helen, in the years that we were together--hus band and wife-did I ever seek to deceive .you ?" "No, Philip," she said, breathlessly. " Then you may know that you hear the truth from me now. This man no longer loves you ; he has not been true to you. For some time hIo has been planning to go with a r oman of the village back to- " "It is false i" " It is true I This very night-" "It is false 1 I will not believe it-I will s not listen to it." I She leaped from her chair and started acroes the room toward the door. lie grasped her hand and held her firmly. " Yeo shall listen. It is part of your punishtment. This man, for whom you so ereadily sacrificed everything, has tired of Syou, and would throw you aside, as you I would a flower that has lost its perfume. IIe would desert you-abandon you-as you I, did me. His plans were formed some weeks ago, and this is the night that he set for his departure." lie paused for a moment. " Well," she said, calmly. e " You do not believe me?" " No." y " Yet you say I never told you anything II that was false." "Never, until now." d lie laughed savagely. y " \\\'ell," he said, '" the proof of all this ies not far away. You are expecting him soon ?" u " Every minute." a " He will not come. Helen, he will never I , come to you again." o "Ha," slo 'ecried out, with a sudden I scream ;"'listen-listen I Do you not hear n it-the booeltbeats of his horse Il He is corn fing-coming now I" i. She struggled to wrench liher arm free from his grasp. He loosed his hold and step~ed to the door. It had grown quite dare without, though the moon was slowly rising above the tops of the trees. " Viking," he called aloud to the dog; " charge-down I" The animal crouched lower among the flowers cver the dark olject that he guarded. She continued to repeat: " Ie is coming-he is coming," as though her power of thought could not pass beyond the one idea. The man turned back toward the centre of the room. Suddenly, with a suppressed cry, she fell on her knees at his feet, her hands clutching the folds of his long coat. " My God I" she screamed; "I had for. gotten. lie comes to his death. You are waiting to kill him. Oh, Philip--" "Hush, woman I" he cried; "it is not hee!" The sound of the hoofs of the galloping horse came nearer. " I know that it is. It must be. P'romiee me that you will spare him. You are wrong, I tell you. Ile loves me, nad is true to me. And he is coming back. Only spare his life-I will be your slave--" lie tore her hands loose from his coat,and, lifting her to her feet, pushed her back into the chair near the fire. "Listen-listen," he said; "I will pro mise you this. Whoever comes shall depart unharmed by me. Do you understand ?" She bowed her head, trembling. The rider had come into the yard and was dis mounting near the door. The bright light of the heartlh-stono shone out over a small space on the verandah, toward which she turned her eager eyes. " But this is not your lover," he said, in a low whisper. rider's Coot grated upon the step. She, listening, presently heard the sound of a strange voice. Some one bring ing a note for her ? From himl She started up, her hands pressed together, and her heart beating wildly with an an guishing dread. Whsat did it mean ? Now the rider mounted again, and there was again the thud of the hoof beats. They passed down the road, growing fainter fainter-in the still air. Through the open door she could see beyond the fire-lighted floor of the porch,out uunder the trees. There was a great round spot of white where the strong moonbeams centred through an opening in the branches. How round it was, and how white ! It was odd that it should form that circle just where the dog lay. And the katydid's note was so shrill, but all else silent. At last I Ilis dark face appeared again in thodoorwoy. In his hand ha held a small white envelope extended toward her. She longed to reach outand grasp it. hbuther will seemed unequal to the task of lilting her arm. "Here,': he said; "'this is for you to read. Shall l make alight?". "The first-I can see," she mattered, feebly. . . . . . :She followed him nearer to the flames. He poshetd the note into her hand, and with trembling fingers she sought to remove the envelope. S"Let me take it," he said, and in a moe. ment the shreds of the envelope were flutter ing to the floor. "Now read." She took the letter from his hand and held the opened sheet so that the fire-light shone full upon it. As her eyes fell upon the first words, she shivered and then cringed as if under the blows of awbip. " Go on,"he cried; "read all that he has to say." But she did not hear him. Her eyes were dizzily following the lines down the page. "Now you will understand why his sentence is no longer suspended, and why I am here to-night." The paper dropped from her hands, and she looked up at him. " Come," hesaid, hoarsely; " there is one thing more. Get upl IIa, you shall come if I must dragyou. You need not struggle. There, do you see in the moonlight-out of the way, Viking I-do ycu see it ?-some closer to the edge ef the porch--his white him here-to you. "Come, Viking I Let us go back to our mountains." 