BEATRICE. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD, AUTHOR OF " KYing. Solomon's Mines," "Allan QuatermNain," " JeGs," " S(he," " LMr. Mieesoan's Will," c. PUBLISlHED lDY SPECIAL ARRAN?EBiENT.1 CEAPTER XVII. GEOFFRIEY WINS Iris CASE. Before 0 o'clock on the following morning, having already spent two hours over his brief, that be had now thoroughly mastered, Geoffrey was at his chambers, which he had some difficulty in reaching owing to the thick fog that still hung over London, and indeed all England. To his surprise nothing had been heard either of the Attorney-General -or of Mr. Candleton. The solicitors were in despair; but he consoled them by saying that one or the other was sure to turn up in time, and that a few words would suffice to explain the additional light which had been thrown on the case. He occupied his half hour, however, in making a few rough notes to guide him in the alto gether improbable event of his being called on to open, and then went into court. The case was first on the list, and there were a good many counsel engaged on the other side. Just as the judge took his seat, the solicitor, with an expression.of dismay, handed Geoffrey a telegram which had that moment arrived from Mr. Candleton. It was dated from Calais on the pre vious night, and ran, 'Am unable to cross on account of. thick fog. You had better get somebody else in Parsons and Douse.' ' And we haven't got another brief prepared,' said the agonised solicitor. 'What is more, I can hear nothing of the Attorney-General, and his clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjournment, Mr. Bingham; you can't manage the case alone.' 'Very well,' said Geoffrey, and on the case being called he rose and stated the circumstances to the court. But the court was crusty. It had got the fog down its learned throat, and altogether it didn't seem to see it. Mioreover the other side, marking its advantage, objected strongly. The witnesses, brought at great expense, were there; his Lordship was there, the jury was there; if this case was not taken there was no other with which they could go on, &c.;, &c.; The court took the same view, and lectured Geooffrey severely. Every counsel in a case, the court re membered, when it was at the Bar, used to be able to open that case at a moment's notice, and though things Shad, it implied, no doubt deteriorated to a considerable extent since these palmy days, every counsel ought still to be prepared to do so on emergency. Of course, however, if he, Geoffrey, told the court he was absolutely un prepared to go on with the case, it would have no option but to grant an adjournment. 'I am perfectly prepared to go on with it, my lord,' Geoffrey interposed calmly. 'Very well,' said the court in a mollified tone,.' then go on! I have no doubt that the learned Attorney General will arrive presently.' . Then, as is not uiiusual in a probate .suit, followed an argument as to who should open it, the plaintiff or the defendant. Geoffrey claimed that this right clearly lay with him, and the opposing counsel raised no great ob jection, thinking that they would do well to leave the opening in the hands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his side more harm than good. So, somewhat to the horror of the solicitors, who thought with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney General, and the un rivalled experience and finesse of Mr. Candleton, Geoffrey was called upon to open the case for the defendants, propounding the first will. He rose without fear or hesitation, and with one prayer in his heart, that no untimely Attorhoey-General would put in an appearance. He had got is chance, the chance for which many able men have to wait long years, and he knew it, and meant to make the most of it. Naturally a brilliant speaker, Geoffrey was not, as so many good speakers are, subject to fits of nervousness, and he was, more over, thoroughly master of his case. In five minutes judge, jury, and counsel were all listening to him with attention; in 10 they were absorbed in the lucid and esccinct state. ment of the facts which he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at first received with a smile, but presently counsel on the other side ceased to smite and began to look un easy. If he could prove what he said, there was an end of their case. When he had been speaking for about 40 minutes one of the opposing, counsel interrupted him with some remark, and at that moment he noticed that the Attorney-General's clerk was talk ing to the solicitor beneath him. Bother it, he is coming,' thought Geoffrey. But no, the solicitor bendingforward informed him that the Attorney General had been unavoidably de detained by some important Govern ment matter, and had returned his brief. ' Well, we must get on as we can,' Geoffrey said. 'If you continue like that we shall get on very well,' whispered the so licitor, and then Geoffrey knew that lhe was doing well. 'Yes, Mr. Bingham !' said his Lord ship. Then Geoffrey went on with his statement. At lunch time it was a question whethor another leader 'should be Sbriefed. Geoffrey.said that so far asn 'he was concerned. he could get on ;. .- .·., .," " i,(- :. alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had got a friend to 'take a note' for him while he was speak ing. After some hesitation the solicitors decided not to brief fresh counsel at this stage of the cause, but to leave it entirely in his hands, It would be useless to follow the de tails of this remarkable will suit, whichlasted two days, and attracted much attention. Geoffrey won it, and won it triumphantly. His address to the jury on the whole case was long remembered in the courts, rising as it did to a very high level of forensic eloquence. Few who saw it ever for. got the sight of his handsome face and commanding presence as he crushed the case of his opponents like an egg shell, and then with calm and over whelming force denounced the woman who with her lover had concocted the cruel plot that robbed her uncle of life and her cousins of their property, till at the last, pointing towards her with outstretched hand, he branded her to the jury as a murderess. Few in that crowded court have for gotten the tragic scene that followed, when the trembling woman, worn out by the long anxiety of the trial, and utterly unnerved by her accuser's bril liant invective, rose from her seat and cried: '?We did it-itis true that we did it to get the money, but we did not mean to frighten him to death,' and then fell fainting to the ground-or Geoffrey Bingham's quiet words as he sat down: ' Mylord and gentlemen of the jury, I do not think it necessary to carry my case any further.' There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but the impression made both upon the court and the outside public, to whom such a scene is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. Geoffrey himself was under little delusion about the matter. He had no conceit in his composition, but neither had he any false modesty. He merely accepted the situation as really powerfulmen do accept such events- with thankfulness, but without sur prise. He had got his chance at last, and like any other able man, what ever his walk of life, he had risen to it. That was all. Most men get such chances in some shape or form, and are unable to avail themselves of them. Geoffrey was one of the excep tions': as Beatrice had said, he was born to succeed. As he sat down, he knew that he was a made man. Ahd yet while he walked home that night, his ears still full of the congra tulations Which had rained in on him from every quarter, he was conscious of a certain pride. He will have felt as Geoffrey felt that night whose lot it has been to fight long and strenuously against circumstances so adverse as to be almost overwhelming, knowing in his heart that he was born to lead arid not to follow; and who at last by one mental effort, with no friendly hand to help, and no friendly voice to guide, has succeeded in bursting a road. through the difficulties which hemmed him in, and has suddenly found him self, not above competition indeed, but still in a position to meet it. He will not havebeen too proud of that endeavour; it will have seemed but a little thing to him-a thing full of faults and imperfections, and falling far short of his ideal. He will not even have attached too great a weight to his success, because, if he is a per son of this calibre, he must remember how small it is, when all is said and done; that even in his day there are those who can beat him on his own ground; and also that all worldly success, like the most perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of decay. But he will have reflected with humble satisfaction on those long years of patient striving which have at length lifted him to an eminence whence he can climb on and on, scarcely encum bered by the jostling crowd; till at length, worn out, the time comes for him to fall. So Geoffrey thought and felt. The thing was to be done, and he had done it. Honoria should have money now; she should no longer be able to twit him with their poverty. Yes, and a better thought still, Beatrice would be glad to hear of his little triumph. He reached home rather late. Honoria was going out to dinner with a distinguished cousin, and was already dressing. Geoffrey had de clined the invitation, which was a short one, because he did not think that he would be back from chambers in time to avail himself of it. In his enthusiasm, however, he went to his wife's room to tell her of the event. 'Well,' she said, 'what have yea been doing? I think that you might have arranged to come out with me. It does not look well, my going out so much by myself. Oh, [ forgot; of course you are in that case.' ' Yes-that is, I was. I have won the case. Here is a very fair report of it in the St. James' Gazette if you care to read it.' ' Good heavens, Geoffrey! How can you expect me to read. all that stuff when I am dressing ?' 'I don't expect you to, Honoria; only, as I say, I have won the case,. and I shall get plenty of work now.' ' Will you? I am glad to hear it; perhaps we shall be able to escape from this horrid flat if you do. There, Anne! Je vous l'ai bien dit, cette robe ne me va pas bien.' ' Mais, milady, la robe va parfaite ment. 'That is your opinion,' grumbled Lady Honoria. Well, it isn't mine. But it will have to do. Good-night, Geoffrey; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get back,' and she was gone. Geoffrey picked up his St. Jlames' Gazetto with a sigh. He felt hurt, and knew that he was a fool for his pains Lady Honoria was not a sym pathetic person ; it was:not fair to ex pect it from her. Still he felt hurt. He went upstairs and heard Efflie her prayers. ' Where has you been, daddy ?- to the Smoky Town ? The Temple was euphemistically ktno.wn to Effie as the Smoky Town. ' Yes, dear.' 'You go to the Smoky Town to make bread and butter, don't you, daddy ?' 'Yes, dear, to make bread and butter.' ' And did you make any, daddy ?' ' Yes,.Efflie, a good deal to-day.' 'Then where is it? In your pocket ?' 'No, love, not exactly. I won a big lawsuit to.day, and I shall get a great many pennies for it.' 'Oh,' answered Effe meditatively, 'I am glad that you did win, daddy. You do like to win, doesn't you, daddy dear ?' ' Yes, love.' 'Then I will give you a kiss, daddy, because you did win,' and she suited the action to the word. Geoffrey went from the little room with a softened heart. He dressed and ate some dinner. Then he sat down and wrote a long letter to Beatrice, telling her all about the trial, and not sparing her his reasons for adopting each particular tactic and line of argument which con. duced to the great result. And though his letter was four sheets in length, he knew that Beatrice would not be bored at having to read it. CHAPTER XVIII THE RISING STAR. As might be expected, the memor able ease of Parsons and Douse proved the turning point in Geoffrey's career, which was thenceforward one of brilliant and startling success. On the very next morning when he reached his chambers it was to find three heavy briefs awaiting him, and they proved to be but the heralds of an uninterrupted flow of lucrative business. Of course, he was not a Queen's Counsel, but now that his great natural powers of advocacy had become generally known, solicitors frequently employed him alone, or gave him another junior, so that he might bring those powers to bear upon juries. Now it was, too, that Geoffrey reaped the fruits of the arduous legal studies which he had followed with out cessation from the time when he found himself thrown upon his own resources, and which had made a sound lawyer of him as well as a brilliant and effective advocate. Soon, even with his great capacity for work, he had as much business as he could attend to. When fortune gives good gifts, she generally does so with a lavish hand. Thus it came to pass that, about three weeks after the trial of Parsons and Douse, Geoffrey's uncle, the solicitor, died, and to his surprise left him £20,000, 'believing,' he said in his will, which was dated three days before the testator's death, 'that this sum will assist him to rise to the head of his profession.' Now that it had dawned upon her that her husband really was a suc. cess, Honoria's manner towards him modified very considerably. She even became amiable, and .once or twice almost affectionate. When Geoffrey told her of the £20,000 she was radiant. 'Why, we shall be able to go back to Bolton- street, now,' she said, ' and as luck will have it, our old house is to let. I saw a bill in the window yesterday.' 'Yes,' he said, 'you can go back as soon as you like.' 'And can we keep a carriage ?' 'No, not yet; I am doing well, but not well enough for that. Next year, if I live, you will be able te have a carriage. Don't begin to grumble, Honoria, I have got £150 to spare, and if you care to come round to a jeweller's you can spend it on what you like.' 'Oh, you delightful person!' said his wife. So they went round to the jeweller's, and Lady Honoria bought ornaments to the value of £150 and carried them home, and hung over them as another class of womnan might hang over her first-born child, admiring them with a tender ecstacy. When ever he had a sum of money that he could afford to part with, Geoffrey would take her thus to a jeweller's or a dressmaker's, and stand by coldly while she bought things to its value. Lady Honoria was delighted. It never entered into her mind that in a sense he was taking a revenge upon her, and that every fresh exhibition of her rejoicings over the good things thus provided added to his contempt for her. (To be continued on Tuesday./ 