QN GOLDEN HINGES, By DOHA BUSSELL, Author of M Footprints in the Snow/' ' Annabel's BavtU.,' ' The Track of the Storm,' etc., etc. CHAPTEE V. j TBJLUCIS dsspabd. When Graham arrived at the hsJI hej : found His mother. Miss Despard, *'d & country neighbor, Mr Selbrooke, already! seated at lunch. Mr Selbrooke was a ! well ? endowed young man! and Mrs j Graham North esteemed him accordingly. Her two girls, Lucy and Ethel, were to be considered, though they were at pres* entered the dining-room be found bis mother listening complacently to a very badly-told anecdote from MrSelbrooke's lips. But though she was a good mother to her daughters, they held a very Becond place in iicr heart to her eofi. And nowi the moment that she saw Graham's face she recognised with a sudden instinct of lore that his mind was still at case. ' How late you have been, my dear!' she said, rising and forgetting all about Mr Selbrooke. ' Have you seen Mr Dixon, and have you settled anvtbin# ?' fine added in a low tone. 'Yes, I have seen him; it is all right,' answered Graham, and Mrs North breathed a sigh of relief. * Come and sit by Katharine,' she said the next moment, smilingly pointing to a vacant chair by Katharine's side, and as Graham complied, Katharine looked at him in her bright way. * I was afraid you not coming in time to drive mc to Castle Hill,' she said. ' I was quxte sure to be in time/ ho answered* and as he spoke he was think ing ho*; handsome she was, and also that he b%d never seen her look so well. ' I have had a telegram from my cousin Prank,' continued Katharine, ' and he ex pects to be able to get leave either to-day or to-morrow, and he will stay two days on his road to Scotland with mc, so I must go over to Castle Hill this afternoon to hear if there is any further news from him.* As Katharine said this, Graham re. membered Mr Dixon's words about Cap. tain Despard, with an undefined feeling of jealousy. 4 1 am ready to take you whenever you wish to go,' be said ; ' but you must wrap yourselfupvery warmly, for it is bitterly cold ; tbe Dill is freezing.' 'Please eat some lunch first,' smiled .Katharine ; but Graham had no appetite and presently— their visitor, Mr Sel brooke, having taking his leave— the be trothed pair started on their way to Katarine's beautiful home. Castle Hill was but three miles from Dillford, the old squire's mortgaged acres joining the extensive property purchased by the late Antony Despard. Thus from the time of Antony Despard's death the most passionate wish of Mrs Graham 3Sorlh's heart had been that her son should many Katharine, and so join two great estates, and bring ber ready money to clear off the overwhelming swamp of debt that for two generations had bung over Dillford. It was a bitterly cold day, as Graham had said, as these two drove along {be frozen lanes that were to be his and hers. A bright cold frosty day, the ground bard as flint, the fallows whitened on cach up turned ridge, the birds shivering among the leafless thorns, while the vouch her* bage below cach edge was stiffened, and each blade fringed with a crystal rim. ' 'Well, it is cold said Katharine, with a little shiver, drawing closer to Graham's 6idc. Again he looked at her charming face. ' And you don't regret, Katharine,* he said, in a low tone ; 41 you are quite sure you don't regret the promise you made this morning P* ' 1 am quite sure,' answered Katharine, with much earnestness. ? I — I — am happy, Graham, to think— that— that it is settled. ' And she blushed. She looked very handsome at this mo ment. Her fine complexion was improved by the clear frosty air, and her eyes were full of feeling. She was very happy ; happy to think that she could do so much for the man she cared for, and put all trouble away from him. This was her nature — a noble generous nature, which never gave with a niggard hand. Her uncle, Antony Despard, had also been a very noble cnaracter. Whatever he had been in youth, when he entered the haven of old age, tbe storms and struggles o! life were all left behind. And he was a clever man, too, shrewd and liberal-minded, and it was his knowledge of Katharine's nature, and his great love for ber that had induced him to make ber his heiress. He knew that his nephew, Frank, had the most claim ; be was the natural heir ; but old Antony with his gentle grey eyes saw more than most people imagined. He was quite ready to acknowledge Frank's good qualities ; the brave, fearless spirit that would face death and danger with a smile. But underlying this almost savage daring what else did he see?' Not, at all events, the pure soul of Katha ine. Frank Despard might be no worse than his fellows, but with great wealth in his power what would he become ? The old man asked himself this ques. Hon, and the answer was not satisfactory. It lost his nephew Castle Hill and a great income. He left his wealth where he knew at all events it would do no harm, and he left it to Katharine. 1 If she likes to marry Frank/ he thought, ' she will have more influence over him as a rich woman than a poor one, and her influence will always be good.' He died with his hand in Katharine's, and died as only a good man can die. There was no pale, miserable ghosts by this death. bed — haunting shadows of ill-deeds wrought long ago. Memories there were— the sweet face of his dead wife, of friends, but gone before ; sweet memories of love and kindness and silent charities — these shone out of the darken ing mists, and their reflection lingered on his face after be bad ceased to breathe. Long ago he had lifted up his eyes and beheld Eternity before him ; long ago, while yet amid the shallows, he had stretched out bis arms to the great vast sea, and lived as a man lives who realizes that he shall exist for ever. Hound the pale, cold clay of such a man there arc many mourners, and the girl who wept by his side, in whose hand his lay when his spirit flitted into light, felt so crushed down by her grief, that bhe scarcely heeded at first when thev told her that all her uncle's great wealth had been left to her. No doubt the nobleness of his character had influenced her, for Katharine had grown graver and more thoughtful since hi6 death, and was always trying to do good, and carry out schemes she thought he would approve of. One person, how. ever, did not like to hear of her great generosity about money, and this was her cousin* Francis Despard. Francis Despard had been disappointed about his unde'6 will, but not made miserable by it. He had in truth, made up his mind to marry Catharine, and, to do him justice, he would have married her had their positions been reversed ; that is, had Katharine been bequeathed the ten thousand left to him and he the twenty thousand a year of which Katha rine was the heiress. But Katharine had not given her heart to her cousin Frank, though he never seemed to realise that this was so. She bad chosen Graham North, and his very 'poverty made bim a hundred limes dearer to her. She was thinking, as she Kat by bis side, how she would put everything into hie hands, how glad and happy eht- was that this great fortune had oome to her, and Jbat all Grahams troubles would be ended note* » And of what was Graham thinking P He was thrnHng how he could loVb this . woman, how he could make a friend and companion of hfer as well as a wife. She never. Wearied ; her bright intelli gence, her warm, sympathetic heart delighted him, and yet — and yet * Why are you sighibg, Graham?* she said looking up in his ace. , ' I WaB thinking bow unworthy I am of you/ be answered, with a somewhat i forced smile. 1 * Ton ought to leave me to find thAt out,* laUgbtod fcatharine. But now they had almost reached Castle Hill, the house stands on an eminehtte thickly planted with trees and evergreens, and a winding drive through these plantations leads to the gateway. The house itself is ftoftt picturesque. It is completely boVered with ivy on one sidfe, and below, through the trees, you see glimpses of the winding Dill. Antony Despard had erected a hand some stone briagc over the river after be had bought the property, and, as they crossed the bridgo some men bcloW Wert breaking the ice for tiio battle to drink. The Dill at this point frequently over flows the flat meadow-lands, and in winter when the floods come down from the hills, rushes with groat force through the arches of the bridge. But the severe frost of the night before had now almost frozen it over * We shall have Some skating tomor row, Katharine/ said Graham. 1 But unfortunately I can't skate/ she answered smilingly. ' lrou forget .1 was brought up in India,' As she spoke they nearcd the lodge, and the lodgekeeper s wife ran to open , the gates with a pleased smile on her face | at the sight ox Katharine, who had always a kindly word for everyone around her. Katharine nodded to the lodge-keeper's wife, and then as Graham i drove up the avenue they came suddenly ! upon a tall soldier like looking man, who | was walking leisurely down it. j ' Why, here is Frank .himself !' cried I Katharine, and so Graham pulled up the ! ponies, and Captain Frank Despard ad- , vanced with a smile to shake hands with ' his cousin. ' 'Well, Katie/ he said with a loud : pleasant voice, 'you see here I am J My battery is on the wing, but I foundTt i could get two days' leave, so I thought you wouldn't turn me out ; but when I got here I found you flown/ 'Yes/ said Katharine, blushing and, smiling, * I am staying for a few days | with my neighbors at Dillford. I think, i Frank, you know Mr Graham North?' and Catharine looked at Graham. ' To be sure 1' said Captain Despard. ' I thought I remembered tbe face,' And he held out his hand to Graham ; a big, strong, bony hand, with a purple slash across it that he bad got in action. He was indeed in appearance the very hcau idea.! of a soldier ; tall, strongly and broadly formed, with short, light curling hair cut close, with a heavy reddish moustache covering his full lips. His features were good, his complexion, origi nally fair, tanned a deep brownish hue, with a dash of red in it, and he had wild, light-grey, daring eyes. He was past thirty, and had seen service, and nad justly earned the reputation of a cool, brave soldier, but he was unfortunately slightly deaf. Not very deaf, but still it was a drawback to bim in his profession, to which he was devoted, and this bodily infirmity was therefore a bitter pill to him. He stood now leaning on the pony, carriage, and looking admiringly with his grey eyes in his cousin's face. 4 You arc looking remarkably well, Miss Katie/ he saicL| He always called her Katie, Old Antony Despard had given her this name, and his nephew had got into the habit of calling her by it, for during his uncle's lifetime he had spent all his leave at Castle Hill. So he leaned on the pony-carriage, and thought what a handsome woman she was, and also thought what a remarkably nice place Castle llill was. Not that he wished to retire from the servicc and live a life of ease. He was too fond of his profession, too ambitious and stirring by nature, to settle down to a quiet domestic life by hi6 wife's side, however fair she might be- 4 Grim-visaged war,' the stem fierce shout of battle and triumph, thrilled his heart with deeper pasion than the love of woman. But though heart and soul a soldier, he yet had other strong feelings, end he had given all the sentiment of his nature — or what be callcd the sentiment — to Katharine Despard. He did not carc, therefore, to see her by the side of another man, yet no one could have told this by his manner. He was courteous and agreeable to Graham North, and he turned and walked by tho side of the pony-carriage to the halJ-door of the house, chatting pleasantly to his cousin and her friend. Katharine led the way into the library, which was her favorite room, and when Captain Despard got there he looked round approvingly. ' What a jolly den you have here, Katie/ he said. Katharine held up her hands in mock dismay. ' Den, indeed V she cried, ' and all my beautiful books I' ' 1 ou have some nice books, Katharine/ said Graham North, going up to the shelves, which were all white, the leather* work white, also stamped with gold. The word 4 Katharine* fell unpleasantly on Captain Despard's somewhat dull cars. He glanced quickly from Katharine to Graham, he gave an impatient rub at one of his defective organs, but after a moment's reflection he came to the con. elusion that he had probably missed hear ing the whole of Mr North's words, and that there was likely nothing in it. Then Katharine rang for tea, and the two men began to talk of sport, and after a while Katharine left them together, and went to have a conference with her house* keeper. When she came back Graham looked at his watch, and told her that if she wished to be back by daylight she must go. Again Despard glanced sharply at Graham and Katharine. 4 But, Katie,' he said, 'you are not surely going back to Dillford', are you? You won't leave me Y' Katharine blushed deeply as 6hc an swered. 4 Mrs North expects me, Frank/ she said ; I — I could not disappoint her — but I am sure ? ' And she looked at Gra ham, who took the hint. * We shall be delighted if you will dine with us, Captain Despard,' he said ; 4 my mother, 1 am sure, will be delighted, and she would be very much disappointed if Miss Despard did not return.' ' You are very good,' answered Captain Despard ; 4 thanks, I shall be very pleased to dine with you— at what hour if' ' We dine at eight/ said Graham ; 'and now I think I had better go and look after the ponies — and as soon as you arc ready, Katharine ? ' He preceded her for a moment, and crossed the hall, and went to tbe front entrance, and the cousins were thus vir tually alone. It was getting dusk, and Katharine suddenly took courage to tell her secret. 4 Frank/ she said, going up to her cousin, and 6pcaking in a loud whisper in her ear, ' do not be ofTended by my lcav iug you — but — but you kijow I am en gaged to Graham North.' It was almoBt too dark for her to see the sudden change of color that in a moment passed over Captain Despard's face. It was a peculiarity of his that under the influence of strong excitement his upper lip grew rigid and white, and indeed the whole of the lower part of the face unaccountably blanched. She did not see this, but she felt the sudden and tierce grip of' his huotix, one on her wrist, the other on her arm. 4 What ! thit fellow !' ht- biased out, _* Ihave Jmownl&n; aloog time,' fal-: tared Catharine, '^ervooiCf. ?» H ^ vi For a moment at two Captain Despard did not speak, and then Iris hands relaxed their grasp, and when uferJfepoke it was quite in different tone. ' Ah, -well, my -detr/ he said 'ah, well/ 4 1 hope you will like him, Frank P' said Katharine, relieved ^-y change of man ner. ' No doubt 1 shall, Katie/ said Captain Despard. * But I suppose you know he's a bit of a gay Lothario P ' he added. . 'Hp* £an jttft a&y; sii&h; a ihlflg. Frank P * said Katharine, quickly and angrily. 4 Common report, my dear ! ' answered Captain Despard, lightly. ' But come, we must not lceep tho gay youth waiting/ And be led his cousin across the hall, and handed her Into tbe pttoy-tiarriage by Graham's side, and parted with thed with a jest and a smile on his lips. But I he had left his sting with Katharine, and the drive back to Dillford was not a happy one. CHAPTER VI. UEN'a gossip. No sooner, however, had Graham and Katharine disappeared, than Francis Despard returned to the house in a most terrible passion. The fierce, 6avage vein ih the mati's heart blued out. He ghawed his pale lips, he clenched his hands, and there was a dangerous gleam in his pale grey eyes, and muttered curses on his lips. Yet not for loogdid he abandon him self to useless rage. He could put a curb on this lower nature of his, and he did he did this now. He lit a cigar and tried to calm himself, and after a while he went down to inspect Katharine's stables. Every man about the place liked him. They had talked of him a hundred tidies, and read of him when his valor was men tioned by special correspondents, and they knew the battle where he got that ugly thrnst, and how out is India he had been terribly mauled by a tiger, and yet had the courage to shoot the brute when its cniel fangs were in his flesh. His braveiy had won their hearts ; they were proud of bim, and had always reckoned that Katha rine would marry their hero. He was a first-rate rider, a dead ebot, ano a keen fox-hunter. With such at tractions men in the ranks were sure to admire him. The qualities he possessed they could understand, and they did not miss the finer ones, the lack of which had lost him Castle Hill. Katharine's old coachman was very fond of him, for Ben had been a soldier, and had served under Katherine's father, and had been 4 hit ' in the self-same battle when Francis Despard's own father had been shot dead when leading on his men. Ben adored Frank Despard. He was a child of his own as it were, ' a soldier to his back-bone,' Ben would say, and be had no words of higher praise. Frank Despard knew very well that Ben wished him to marry 'Miss Despard/ for Bea had frequently hinted to 4 tbe Captain ' that he wished he would make haste about it. ' Some of those civilian fellows, Captain, will be persuading her to marry him, I'm always afcarcdon,' he had said as 4 a hint,' only a short time ago. * It would be a mighty pity if such a handsome young lady and her great fortune should go out of the service.' So Captain Despard strolled Aofcn to the stables to hear what Ben had to say about Graham North, of Dillford. The old soldier was sitting in the harness-room on a step- ladder, telling two admiring stable lads who were rubbing harness some old- world stories of 'hair-breadth 'scapes/ and he jumped down from his perch with almost youthful alacrity, ! when he 6aw the face of 4 the Captain/ and made a military salute. He was a little man, with a shrewd face, brown and weather- beaten, and he pressed at once that something unususl bad brought Captain Despard to the stables at that time of day, so he dis missed his satellites with a nod. 4 1 want to see you, Ben, about that brown horse that fellow has to sell at Norman ton,' began Despard, and again Ben saluted 4 the Captain/ and com* menccd discussing the merits and dis* I merits of the brown horse with pro* fcssional interest. ' He was reared in the Dillford stables, wasn't he ? ' presently asked Despard. I 4 Yes, Captain, he belonged to tbe old squire once, but they sold him to Jobson ; these three years gone March/ answered | Ben. ! ' Pretty hard up, aren't they, in that quarter?' said Despard, pulling out the , smoke of his cigar. I 4 Awful hard up, Captain ; Tm told the whole place will come to hammer the moment the breath is out of the old Squire's carcase, unless the young chap | marries tin.' 4 Which he most probably will do,' said I Despard coolly. | ' Don't know, Captain \ there's queer I 6tories about him and a young lass that belongs to these parts,' said Ben, and he I now guessed why the Captain had pud | this visit to the stables at such an unusual i hour. 4 What sort of stories ?' asked Despard, turning his back on Ben, and lifting up a snafile-bit, and carefully ex amining it. ' Well, Captain, folks say if they aren't married they ought, to be/ replied Ben ; ' they say the lass is nigh broken* hearted about it, and wanders all over the place seeking him, and I'm told— but it may be gossip — — ' 4'WellP' said Despard, sharply, as Ben paused. ' I'm told, anyhow,' continued Ben, ' that farmer Biadell — that's the lass's father— swears he'll ha' it out with the young fcllar, and that he'll make him marry her — so how it euds ? ' And Ben shook his head. 4 And what is the name of this deluded young female K asked Despard. ' Winnie Biddcll's her name. Captain, and an uncommon pretty young woman she is/ answered Ben ; ' uncommon pretty 1* And the old soldier smacked his lips. 'Young idiot!' said Despard con temptuously, who had now heard all he wanted. 4 W dl, Ben, go into Norman ton in the morning and oiler eighty for the brown horse, and send one of the lads over now to Dillford with a note I am go* ing to write to Miss Despard. She's staying there for a day or so, and they want me to dine with them to-night, but I cannot be bored. I'll have the note ready in five minutes.' After giving his orders Despard walked out of the harness-room with his hands in his pockets, and Ben looked after him admiringly. ' He's the proper stuff/ he thought ; ' ay, many a lass would have a sore heart if he turned his back upon her, whatever Miss Katharine may think.' Ajiri having thus mentally expressed his opinion, the old soldier began to rub the harness, whistling softly to himself as he did so. In the meanwhile Francis Despard was writing his letter to Katharino. TfSs visit to the stables had quite hirp down. He lit another cigar, gnj then wrote a few lines to his cousin. 'Dear Katie/ he wrote, 'you had scarcely left when one of those horrid, nervous headaches, to which I am subject, came ou, and, therefore, it will be im possible for me to dine with your friends this evening. Please make a proper apology for me, and if the lover bo got out of the way, for lialf-an-hour to* morrow, at any time that is convenient to you to see me, I should very much like to call upon you, as I have a little matter of business to discuss. Send me a line to tell mc the hour, and in the meanwhile , I am sure you will allow me to remain i your guest.— With love, yours affcclion | ately, F. Despasd.' j (To be continued ) 