fRovcUat. THE HAUNTED. HUSBAND ; ou, . Xady CheCwyuds Spectre. Br MttS. HABItlET tcwia. CHAFTER XXIX. 11IBTQE83 1AX£>' MAID. ; Yonng Lady Obetwjnd did not loso ber presence of raind as Flnck, pringing from the cab, barred her further progress down the street. With a grt-nt oath, and with outstretched bands, ho Slirnr.i? fmn-nnl In intercept her. But with thu quickness of a flash, Ifornice wlipelcd and ran in the direc tion she had come, pssring thu lodging- bouflo from wlilch she had just cscaprd. Hhir' bad barely passed,' when Mi. Crowl ami tiio landlady, in a panic, came out of the house, and swiftly descended the steps iu tcnrcit of ber. Flack and the two ..women bounded in pursuit of the young fugitive. Tho hour was yet early, hut lira uky , was fast dnrken- ing, and a fitio mist was beginning to fall. A gas damp or two flickered through . tho wet. Thcro wero few peoplo iu tho ' Btreet. Bcrnico had a brief start of her pursuers and flew on like a mnd creature Sho turned tho nearest corccr InBtincllvcly, , ran a block, nnd turned n second comer ' beforo her pursuers appeared around tho _ iflrstr. . There had been a raomcntary delay- in tho pursuit. The landlady liad gono back to. her .opon- house. Mis, Crowl, .Ychjcinbering . suddenly tbat Bbo had not on her bonnot, sipnalicd to tho cab Flnck had summoned, waited for it to come up, and continued her pursuit- .in .that, 'Flack .'had . been detained for an instant by Mtb. Crow), who had frantically begged , ldrn to summon the cab for her, nnd the delays-brief 68 it was— was most providential for Ber- nice. . . Irinck, with a huittcred curse upon his oon .federate for .detaining him. . dashed on, turning the corner as Bernlco had donn ; but i then ho paused, looking iip nnd down the street, uncertain which , way to go. Thus occurred another providential delay, con- ...tributing further to tbc escape; of the young fugitive. I can't, logo time in/tlds way,!.' \- .rout tcrcd the 'man. " She's gono down the . street.". - Ho ran in. tho : dirj.clihu; thus indicated, \- Tho cab, in which was Mrs. prawlV- foliowod -.i . his guidhnoc/aud pasBud him In iho pursuit . Flack had not gone more than a block1— not further than tpc lirst coritcr—whcn lio be- . camo -convinced that" . ho' bad. taken' tho / wrong course. With an audi.blo, oath,, lie turned and hastened in tbo opposite dircc tion.. 1 . - -. All this delay. had been fatal to.hira llurnico had sped on swiftly, turning . . coiner after. corner, without, aim in her course beyond the hope and design of placing as great' n dlstnnco ns possible between hersolf and her pursuers. And sho . saw nothing . whatever of thent. Ouco or ; twice, hearing steps or tho- roll of a r cab behind her, she crouched' iri. ii doorway and waited until they had passed, but the . steps wero not thoso of- Flacky and tho cab was not that in which . Mrs. Crowl was Seated. ' Gradually, as tho distance sho had : traversal hccamo greater, and her heart throbbed fiercely, and alio, became weary and footsore, sho slackened her speed to a walk, yet sho dared not sit -down fo rest lest her enemies should overtake .'ber, , ltseemcd to bar tliAtslio l ad walked many .miles when at InBt&ho; camo out upon a wide, : well-lighted street, where omnibuses were running and cabs rattled swiftly up an' down : ' — n street lined with fine shops, nnd with \- plenty of promcnaders, despite the fino mist that was falling. . This was Oxford-street. Bcrnico mingled with tbo tide of pedestrians,' nod a feeling of safety nnd security replaced hor Into terror. Her encquo was on ber nrm. She drew it on over her shoulders, adjusted her bat, and walked on very slowly. Sho -bad threo pcnco in hor pocket, and wore hor watch and chain, which would servo -» In emergency ns money. Hut wbcro. was bbo to ' spend tbo . night ? . 8bo sat down upon tho door step of a dark- rned house in a quiet street. eo near to Ox- ford'Btrcet that sho could hear the \- rattlo of tho omnibuses ovbr the- -pnvcnicnts. The bells of tho church somc- whero near rang out tho hour of eight. People poBscd her, but no ono noticed her or < /spoke to her. -41 Perhaps I night stay hero all night 7" "% Bcrnico thought, anxiously. .6ho crept closer in the shadow of tho tall vS- iron railing protecting the sides of tho tall I fltghtof steps. Bbo had scarcely ensconced herself itvjicr satisfaction, when a mancaino hurrying afong tho street and ascended the . -very stops on which sbo was crouching. He drew a latch-key from his pocket, and uvhilo vainly endeavoring to fib it in tho : - dock in tho darkness, his gaze fell upon Dernfee. "Hero, you tramp, V ho said, roughly. 41 Bo eff with you, or 1'il call a policeman, \- j My steps aro not a lounging-plncofor trampB . liko you." . 1 Without a word Bernice arose and stag gered on. Sho had. no' word of pleading — -nothing to Bay for herself— but movo on like a shadow through the darkness and the cniet. 1 A little later alio camo out into a square, \- dingy and gloomy enough nt best, but now r dork and dreary with Its flpectral gaB-lighte nnd rows of frowning buildings on cycrysidc. This was Soho Square. Bcrnico crossed tho. square nnd.pasacd into a narrow street bo- yopil, . . ' . . .. Sho copld hear tho rattle of Oxford-street puinibusvs and cabs on Oxford-street pave- . hrantbut little moro than & block nwtiy ; . but tins narrow stioet upon. which alio had cnlcrcd out of 'Soho 8qiiare. \ya3 vury quiet. The 'houses wero mostly darkened. From ono house alone, the lower floor of . which was apparently occupied fui a shop, streamed out a broad-' glaro of .Tight which was strangely alluring. ; Over the door was sus pended » sigh, with tho legem! paiuted unon (tin gilt: Fikuiie Bonoateau, . ; 1\. ; Trench Cahfeitioncr, i > . Berhicc paused beforo tho .confectioner window and looked; In.-' It. was a . bright, clear room, with a counter upoii each side. , Upon ono counter .was cvefy vnricty of French bread. Upon (he other counter; were simple cakes in variety, nndcupB and' saucers, showing that the littlo French shop was a resort for peoplo out of Oxford- street -who desired a cup: of real French coffee. " How plcnsnrit it is in there!" thought Bcrnico, looking vainly for tho shopman or other occupant of the establishment. " I'd liken cop of coffee. Il is a French shop; tho nrwno is Pierre Uongnteau. Was not ' Fifinc's name ilongnlcaii I I think so. Her .fntlicr >yas a pastrycook, living In Soho Square, or just out of it. Was that Soho Square hack yonder / Perhaps this is Fifinc's father's shop," Bbo continued to Icok into the room with lonuiug eyes. A woman, w ith a basket on hor arm, came buirying past llcrnice.nnd pushing open the door, entered the simp. There was n hell at I ached to thcdoor.aud it rang nut oharply, A woman came out of tho li|t!c back parlor behind I he shop, and proceeded to wait upou the Into customer. The tthopwouran was French, ns was np. Carent nta glance. She worca trimly fitting lack gown, n jaunty littlo white apron, trimmed with cherry ribbons, and a coquet tlsb little white cap, with a cherry ribbon Iu that abto. Thudmksnilow face underneath the cap, with bright, black eyes nnd a viva- clous expression, struck Bcrnico as being strncgcly familiar. It was- yes, it was Fiflao, her former raail. Bcrnico wa!chcd lite Frenchwoman with a wistful gaze. Tiio customer cainc out presently with a well-filled hnskct, aud Fifino Lcgau to cover tiic 1m a<l ami cakes with a thin gnuzc, prcparat iry to closing tho shop for the night. M She is going toshutup, "murmured Bcr nico. "And then Ishr.lt be doubly nlone. Fifliic loved mo. Bhc was goodhcnrtcd. i am very tired. 1 wonder if she would give ijjo shelter to-night, am) not betray rao to anyone, I uMi I dared go in." A noisy patty of young men came out of Oxford btitct, approaching her. As they drew near tiny (spied her, ami one of thcui with n drunken Inugb, endeavored to peer into thu girl's face. " 1/ I'a sco your face, my beauty," he hic coughed. "What. — rhy? Here, boys, is something ttmv. A girl actually -shy, al though riic's in London streets alona'nt this hour. Bah i she's acting, I'll havo tho kiss, or we'll go homo with you, ray dear, or both. Now forit !" lie put out Lis arm to clasp her waist. With a stifled scream Bcrnico sprang away, from him., ami ran into tha - pastry - cqoVs; eliop, the bull on tbo door ringing loudly, . : . ' r-; - . Fifino. turned., towards the' 'new-comer and glanccd.ftlso' out ' of - tho- dooy; -Bhc. coraprobcndcd tbc cauae oE the abrupt in- grces. ' ; " Sit down, Mndcrauirellc,- tbri enid, 'in her soft' French -occcpf. ; THo . racn-will soon bo gone. You nrb rafo here;'! Bernico's hair. vrflcd her fneb; Shb'flang it back with a sifdden gesture; puBhed Track her shabby, limp littlo lj'at. nnd stood >cr vcalud.Vpalc, despairing, -yet wondrousfy beautiful. ..;. rT"7 : ' " Fifino,": Hho Bnid, softly, you thiuk rao dead;, I am'chungcd,' I know ; but don't you : know' me. T": - ' r;.' .. : ' i. Tno. voxo' wns . rceocnisod Boonor than the lovoly face. ; Fifinc itngjjcrtd back with a great gisp, and . thcti. believipg that she -looked upon a spectre, gavo a piercing scream nnd fell to tbo floor in a swoon,1 -V " The noisy nnd lawless . yoiingfmen whoso Insults had driviu llcrnicj to seek rcfueo In the French confectioner's flbop, passed on when they saw their intended victim enter the ..'shop ; door. No one .in tho houso. wna hfoused by. the Fcrcrim.-'of ' Fifine,!.; .Bernico devotcd' hcniclf with all haste- to lbo re covery of the Frenchwoman. . Her efforls. were, soon rewarded by the pradunl return of' Fifiho to consciousness.' Tho French woman gavo a great gasp similar to that she' had given when fainting nnd opened her eyes, only to closo tbcm again tightly, and to repent' her scream with nuded vigor nnd fierceness. Lady Ghotwynd stooped over the recum bent figure, and said, in n tone of gcntlo authority;: ' "Hush, Fifino you will' havo. tho police' hero iu a moment more.' Compose yomsclf. Oan you not comprehend that I am L.tdy Cbetwynd ?" Fifino gathered up her sprawling figure into tho shape of a hall; and rocked herself tp nnd fro frantically, crying out shrilly iu tio French language' "Ob, Leaven I it's a ghost ! It's a warning I I am not long for this world 1 I'm to bo cut off in my youthful, primo. Oh, tho good Lord have pity I My good father ! My poor mother I" She shrauk away into tho farther corner, Lady G'-ictwynd followed her, expostulating, entreating, reasoning. Ab tho Frenchwoman grew eomowhat calmer, Bcrnico laid her white, cool hand upon tbc hand of her former ranid,snying : " Grasp my hnnd, Fifino. Thoro you seel am flesh and blood. Bon't tremble nnd moan so. It is I, Indeed, Fifinc. 1 did not die, as you thought." Fifinc's faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. Tho Freiieli woman 'a nativo aenso began to assort itself. Her memory, too, was quickened, and she recollected various incidents that had transpired during tho past few days that went far to proclaim tho fact that Ludy Cbetwynd had escaped the grave and was BliJI living. "There, vou see it is I, and not a ghost," said Lady Cbetwynd, aa Fiflno's limp body began to stiffen, nnd Fillne'a eyes beenn to assume their normal proportions. "Haven't you a kind word for mo. Fifino ? I' nm in sore. need of a friend, i had no intention' of seeking you. I cainoupon you bychancc. Will ypu give ine n night's shelter, and will you, keep my Bccrct, Fifino? I wantno one, not even Lord Cbetwynd, to know that I live!" ' "What, doea not my lord know?" cried Fifino, amazed. . "No. Promiso mo that you will keep ray beorct, that you will tell no one that Lady Cbetwynd lives, Swear it, Fifinc." "I promise— I swear it," said Fifine, in. an awo struck voico. " But,, my lady, I ennnot understand how it is that you live and (hat my lord does not know it." " I will explain. Ucajcmbcr that you aro bound by an oath to keep your secret.' But first, aro wo alonol" and LadyOhet- wynd glnnccd toward tho door of- tho rear a»i Yes, my lady, wo aro nlono In tho house. Tho good father and mother went to tho jprCnfth theatre to-uight, and I am alono in obargo. I nm a lady's maid now as before, myladYibut my m'strcss is at tho opera I this evening, and I am privileged to remain hero until eleven o'clock. Yon can speak freely, my Indy— no one will bear us." . There was a timorous look still on the girls face, which Lady Cbetwynd marked. : " I see, Fifino," sho said, " that even now you arc uot aitjgothcr persuaded that 1 am lib spectre. Dues it seem so improbable that t ahould have been coffined and consigned to tho burial vault while Ivvhsiu n. state of tra:o3? It is strange nnd improbable, I know, but it is true, and n.in3 is' not tho only caou of burial during a trance re scmblitig death. But-one person alone sus p'ctcd that auimation wns onlysuspcndrd, not annihilated, within me, and that was Mr. Monk." "My faith 1 And Mr. Monk rescued you, luylady?" . In response to this- exclnmatiori, Bcrnico told Fifino her. pitiful story, irfcludiug Lord Chctwyffd's intended marringo with Syteia Monk, and Gilbert Monk's avowal of bis love tohcr. Bho ended by saying.: " I have tried to get a situation as gover ness. I have but three pence in my pocket to-night, and I am shelterless." " Not shelterless while Fifino liroa, my lady, I will keep your sscrct. No hypocrite Uor mock sympathy from any ono . can dreg .it from me," cxclniincd the Frenchwoman, volubly " Ah 1'my lady, you were, kind to me, nnd I Uo'not forget it. I wish I might livo with you again, nHhoughT have- a good 'mistrrra now. You. shall stay here, my room is unused here, nnd you shall havo ft. Tbc good father and mother need ngt sua fret who you art, »ny lady." Let thorn, think you Mies Gwyn, a new lodger, a lady I used to know. Shall it bo so I" " If you pleoFC, Fifine. You comfort mo." " And you need comfort, /.oor Infant I" said Fifine, nnd nuain rubbing her eyes in- , dtiatiiously. ' Was cvor such sorrow, such romance, such despnir ? Ah I my lady, the false husband atinll not find you here. You are safe here. It may bo tbat I can get you a situation as companion, my lady," sho said with a start and sudden flush. " Ami then I could serve you still, though secretly. My mistress has sought n companion of ac complishment for a month past. Sho wants a young lady who can sing and play the pianoforte and read French — a dresscd-up lady, whom she will treat as n lady ; for, with all her proud ways, my mistress is a lady to her heart's core. I'll recommend you to herns Miss Gwyn, my former mistrcssin reduced circumstances, and she hn3 such faith in mo that sho will gladly engage you. I have been with her nine? tho week after your ladyship died— that is, was buried." " Oh, Fifine, if you could only get this place for mo I I feel so lost, so cast outinto tho great world, so hopeless and forlorn. Who is your is mistress ? ' " Lady Diana Nnrthwick, roadarac. Sho's a beauty aud a bello, and cold ns ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana this very night, ami to-morrow, my lady, you shall be at your new home. Let mo get you a cup of coffee, my lady,". said tho Frenchwoman. Come into the little back parlor." Fifinc conducted her former mistress into thc renr room, whero wax caudles wero burning, aud an air of coslncrs prevailed. Beruico sank into an ensy- chair which. Fifino drew to tbc table, and the maid bustled about, preparing a' cup of strong French coffee. She brought i t, all black and Htcnndng to Lady Chut wynd, with a roll.' Tho marchioness dn.uk the fragrant bcvcrago cngcriy. "I won ler#" said Viflne, thoughtfully, "if my loni does nut suspect that you live, my lady; Tbcm was a man here the olh'crday, my mother tells me, a gentlcmuu, a swell, with an eyeglass and enno, who usked for me. ' Hojuimo to Lady Dinna's to .'see me. And what did the miserable wnnt? Why, only to ask what' drcs9 your ladyship was burlcd in", and if it hnd.a' fine darn in tho lace.undcr the sleeve ? . Of cour«o it had.. jDld 1 not dnrn tho rent mjoclf-, and TvasTt! no.twtUdoue? He brought thcdrcss.lonio, anil I. identified it. But what - did lie mean 7 There is a mystery here which lias puzzled 'ine much." . - . " I know no s.ich person rria yott dceoribei Fifinc,' and I cannot think who ho can be, but llcft my dress at the Park tho Inst- timo I wns there, tuid : .securely . hiddcii, .as- I thought. So they haro found.it? Ah, lie must havo been Bent to you by old Bagccr.'. cried Bernice, paling suddenly. "Filine, that woman has twico tried to take my Me, I.nm afraid of- licr. Sho bna found lbo dress nudTias ompioyed &omo; one to seek for me." - '." Yon must bh right,' my lady, for my mother tells mo tlint n strange heathen woman has boon here twice, asking singular questions, nnd wanting to be. (akeu in ns lo "ger. She was very anxious to- know if my mother had A huly lodging hero, nnd she stayed in the slicp many hours waiclilng the door of this room as n cat watches h mouse. My mother thought her demented. I could not tliink who sho might be; but she is BageeT feel ready to swear." . . "Sho will como again. .Sho is cruol, re morseless, pifilcRS. Sho iu liko a human tigress, thirbtiug for my blood; Fifine, in Heaven's name, promise mo that you will keep my secret ; that not even to Lord Chct- wynd himacll will you reveal tiio fact tbat I livo ; promiso ?" "Iswcar to keop your secret, my lady, until you yourself give mo leave to tell it f" enid Fifine, solemnly. "I will not betray you even to my own parents or to my mis tress-" . ' - . , '.'Then you most cenBO' to call moy lady,' Fifino. Iam only Mi69 Gwyn — MIsa Bornlce Gwyn you can call me. Isball not liavo to relinquish ray own name of Ber nice." ' Fifinc approached and removed tbo empty cup. Then shc.took Lady Chetwynd's hand and kiascd it nffcctiouately, mentally reu»3-" tcring a vow to bo truo to tiic promiso she bad given, tbo solemn oath sho bad taken, and to befriend and protect" licr former young mistress to the best of her ability. .A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden ; shutters was now heard. " It Is my father," said Fifino. " Ho is putting up the shutters. The father and mother havo returned from tho theatre, and I must go soon to my mistress. I will wait tocoramcnd your ladyship to the caro of tho good mother." Tho shop door was pushed open, iho boll ringing violently. Fifinc's pnrcutn bad re turned. .Lady Cbetwynd roso up taking off her limp little hat, and awaited their np- pcnrauco. Fifino ran and opened tho door leading into tho shop, and called out volubly : "la it you, my father? Hasten this way. I have a guest to couslgn to your caro beforo I. leave, Oomo 1" CHAPTER XXS- DEUNICE ANXIOUSLY SOUGHT Young Lodv Ghotwynd trombled with. a terriblo anxiety nnd dread ns tho French confectioner and his wifo entered iuo cosy littlo back parlor bubind their shop, where sho awaited them. Sho stood up, pale, yet with a' sweet and gentle dignity, a quiet self-possession, nnd n faint emilo on her bravo, sweet yoifng face, that thrilled Fifinc with a sweat iovo and respect for her. "Come in, won pere \ como in, ma mere," said Lady Chetwynd's former maid. " I havo hero a surprise for you. I have takun in a lodger for tho night. It is Miss —Miss Gwyn, a former mistress of mine. Miss . Owyn, Mousicur and Mndamq Dongatcau, my good father and mother." - hi. Bongntcnu, expressing a look of stir? Sriec, mndo n flourishing bow to 4Miss wyn Mndnmo Bongatcan mado a little bobbing courtesy, intended to indicate tho deepest respect for the young lady, "I do not. remember your nnmo, Ms Gwyn," said the confectioner with nn nir of hospitality, " but'you arc welcome to thu shelter of my roof nnd tbo best my houso affords. Pray, be seated. Do not stand on our nccount, I beseech you," Bcrnico resumed . ber seat. Fifino hastened to remove the orter wraps of her mother. lleruico liked both husband and wife nt first glnnco. Their simple courtesy was no outshiu veneering, but tho expression of Mudly naturcflntid.a truo, inbred politeness. Thoy asked no qu.cstioiu. They saw that their gueRt was a Jfrdy, and Fifinc's rimplo iiitroduntion had been sufficient to commend her to their kindest attention. Fifino mado fresh coffeo for Iter parents and a littlo sum/or was eaten, ut which Lady Uhctwynd took part. After the supper, Fifino conducted her ladyship to a pretty little bedroom up stairs, overlooking the street; .This woaFifino's own room when nt home, " My lady,", sho-said, simply, " you will honor mo by wearing my clothing ns if it were your own. Yourmtlsido garments tiro quito ruined Wo will.ntlcnd to thoso to- morrow. You ate snfo here. I will put my parents still further on their gunr.1 against' your enemies' And now good night." Sho took Lady Chetwynd's thin white hand and kissed U, but Bcrnico stooped and kissed Fifinc's check with a grateful affection that brought tears to tho girl's eyes. ; , Fifino-, socn withdrew, aud Lady Chet- wynd undressed,' 'and went to'.bcd and to sleep, . It Was late in the morning when she awakened. -The shop-boll wns ringing fit fully below, as customers camo and went. Bcrnico nroac and dressed hen-elf in the gnr- mcnto Fiflnc had provided for her. Her toilot was scarcely made when a low knock on tho door announced Mndnnte Bongatcan, who cams in with a tray on which was coffee, hot rolls, nnd little pats of new, yellow butter, tinsaUcd . Madame greeted her guest with kindly in terest, and inquired with solicitude how sho hnd parsed thu night, nnd how ehu found her self this morning. Bcrnico hnvtng replied satisfactorily to these it-qiirigs, madnmo said : . " It is much mora cheerful down stairs than here, Mademoiselle, When you havo eaten your breakfast, come down in our littlo back parlor nnd read the morning papers by the firo, Tho morning Vwet and chilly, nnd 1'icrro would insist upon tho cxtrnrngancc of a fire. I own tho effect is delicious. You will come, Made moiselle ?" Bcrnico assented, and ber hosiers with drew. Tho young fugitive alo her breakfast, and poon after descended to the little parlor, which wni indeed bright and cosy, A low firo was burning in the grate. She read the newspapers, lonki.ig over tho columns of "\Vants'' with great caro. Madnmo Bungatcau wns called frequently into the shop, ami Bernice was for tho most of tbc time alono. Tho could hear thu rattlo of spoons in tho cups as customers sipped thrir coffeo ; sho could henrdistinctly neatly every word that was spoken in the shop, yet tho murmur of roiccs,n»d the t aper bustling, nnd tho occasional sharp reprimands of madnmo to monsieur wero not unpleasant to licr. After her recent enforced nnd lung solitude, thoso indications of. busy lifo were, in fact, decidedly pleasant. At neon MndnmeBongateau brought tohcr gucstadnihty luncheon, daintily mrved upon asmall table, which sho wheeled before Bernice. . Bernice had finished, her repast, the (able bad been removed, nnd alio wns. again alone, with a newspaper on her knee, when Iho shop'rbcll' tingled for the bundreth time that day, and a man entered the shop, which at tbc moment was nearly deserted. Monsieur and mndftmo were there, however, nt tiio deBk. nonr tho partition between tho shop and parlor, and Bcrnico heard tho . newcomer approach tho.dcsk with a swift . stride, and address tbo worthy- cottplo in n voico that startlcd'licr, and thrilled her very soul with alarm. ! .It was tho voice of Gilbert Monk 1 " G oo(k morn ( tig,' Monsieur, Madnmo," said Monk, politely, yit with'.purceptibio- ira- patience, Aro you the' pnrcn ts of one Fifinc- il(ingntenu,'Who toxiuorly Ji.vcd at Cbetwynd iVk, Sussex !." v . : ' Madnmo Bongatequ courteously replied in thuniflrmativn,. fs F'ifluu at homb??' demnndcd Monk, Willi a quick, sharp glaiico toward tho inner room.- ' ».' " No Monsicur/'saW hiadame, irFaUone of surprise,' ' ' " Pardon, Monsic(ir, -but what interest has Monsieur in our Fifinc ?" inquired Monsieur Bongntcnu, giving his long moustache n fiercer upward twirl. . "T nm" Lord Chetwynd's" step-brother," said Monk. "I am in search of a young iqdy who has fled from her hohte hnO friends. I think, ns sho had no.moncy, Bho might como to Fifino, who formerly -served her, la sho hero I" " Wlio.is i';you seek; Monsieur ?" Inqulrfld Mndnmo Bbngatcau, cqutlouBiy. ilonk hesitated. Bcrnico held her breath In nn agony of suspense, ' Monk .continued to reflect. With ah assumption of frankness, bo 6nid Qt Inst : . "Tbo young lady is known as Miss Gwyn, Sbo may havo taken another name, or. pre tended to be some noblo lady, possibly. 8ho has been ill, ond licr brain is not yet quito right. It U necessary tbat I find ber im mediately, nnd restoro her to her homo, Is sho in this jiouso?" . ' " " \Yo do not tako lodgers, Monsieur," said. Mqdamo Bungatcau, somewhat loftily, " Wo regret that wo are not able to assist you" in1 your search for Mias Gwccu, but you wilL bo obliged to look for ber else where." "Is she not in. this house, .Madnmo?" do- mdtidcd Monk, Bhnrply.. . " III, Monsiuhrl Is It thus you speak to madame, my vvifu?" cried the littlo . confec- . Honor, with his fiercest air. " Do you como here to subject us to tiio cross question— the inquisition ? Isi not this a country where even the French exile has Ids rights? - Be good enough to depart, Monsieur. : I cannot permit to mndnmo this ngiUitiort. Go t" The confectioner pointed to tbc Bhop door In truo thcatiical style. Monk glared at tho confectioner, who amilcdback at. him airily. Then, with.nn oath, Gilbert Mpiik strode to the door. As ho passed out n carringcdrovc up totheshep and Miss Monk put hur head out of the win dow, calling to her brother. Ho started, looked, annoyed and surprised, but obeyed her summons. Ilis dejected, , angry air told plainly tho story of his dis comfiture, "I camo to SCO Fifino," said Sylvia, re-' garding her brother, keenly, " but 1 think I wou't get out/after all. Did you' rccelvo tho note I Bent you in care of SootobyJc New- man. Cbnnoory Lano?" " No, I've not been around tbcro to-day," said Monk, sullenly, . " 1 left you in Sussex. What arc you doing in town 7" " We camo up— Uoy and I— to do a littlo shopping," said Miss Monk. " We've ordered tho wodding cards. Uoy is off this morning with Mr, Tempest, and I havcbceirahopplng in Regent-street. I am uneasy, Gilbert. You look strangely. Is— lo all safe.?" bIic asked in a whisper too low for the car of the coachman or footmen. - . " Not particularly so," anld- Monk, coolly. "Tho girl's escaped from me." " Kscnpcil 1 Great Heaven I Escaped !" "Yea. Y"ou net. as. If all the danger threatened you. You needn't bo troubled. She won't troublo you," said Monk, speaking in Himlostance, that the servants might not understand him. . " Come and aco meat Park Lane, Gilbert, at Lady Marchmout'B. And givo mo your address. I may need to cominunlcote with you."— (7tf be Continued,') . 