THE CONTRIBUTOR. THE PRAHRAN WATCHHOUSE. A Night in Cell No.8 [BY HAWKEYE] Yes, I have fallen uponbad days! It seems but yesterday when I was the boon ,oepanion' t Omaytoal boards of tuch bon ivanti ".s Cr..Osment, Forbes, O'Donnell and others, it seems but yestenray since when I wase o particnlar about my.'Pom mery beig iced to a nicely, so pArticular out y Inenr?lai silce I calculatedlto a drop the ac m nt of herry in my turtle So. It seems but a day since I was res Snctbly clothed, and now I am as looped nd indon'edf as tlht whch Lear'pltited It ces a month lsile was in the mayor's o an year since I had a drink at the rpense of George Thorn. My glories ppear to have departed. I am afraid e of my appetite. Iit is always crying, ut for more, and I Always have before me he gentlemnat n the whito waistcoat, who ith other members of the board of nardiAns was debating with what penally liver Twvste' request" (oO more" should ,viited. "I cnver'was more convinced .?thine in my life than I amn that Stboy will came to he hung." And I to have, takern the first step towards iat l stage. Thd road to ruine s as snw as when th6 Latin poet wrote, id thresworsre ist os dliiteult of necoen lishmeat. I hate been placed snder test. t ass a racial parish. Caonstable isaihoegh, No. 3,7dt, has tapped me pas the shutlter in Chapel-street, aner itinaormae me that I am "rwanted." or whate t Io the skeletons and ghosts past misdeeds rush hetoro sy eyes I aree dream with the stador like anr gel, with white hair dabbled in blooa, is et more fearkrl than my3conscience. The ntydiflculaty is what particular sin am I oued fort Is it tar stating that a con kbe's wife recently had twins t If that the charge I should plead justification, dehance the maxim, that I The geater truth, the greater the libel." Is it for akieg oa "'Ginger Mick," 'or eomposing soat tItntayta t rTommy GrafIf l" it lirtening to ttre yarn elat " Tommy af" had knocked a prisoner in the cells side down with a pile driver forinno arly rsking " Please Mr. 'Gruff' will you rme a drink ofsivatert" Wrs it for yieg that O'Calleghai's physique had ra admired hy Lord topetoain, who was aas to obtain trim for a body guard t as it for asserting that O'Callaghan is a ne npecimerroa the rnefjrfs ompyda 0 cest in the human mould 1. Was it at se intanee ot Dr. Fetherston l Theseand dred questions revOated irs my mind as was marched to the watehhouse. As at disreputable people hnow the Prahran rlehhoneisinereille-street. Its almonsr Sergeant Greer, nual he looks after the seer of poor and distressed criminals in a at pa ternl maner. His hospitality is A temporary retirement to a wotchhousm thas its advantages. One can indulge calm reflection there without fear of sturhnce. It is like Eden before the i-no joyless turbulent passion will tee thesein. Criminals have told me Ithey regard gaol as their home. They h uffectiontely of going home, of the erneut as standing in loeenparentie. es, from a criminal pointof view, should lest grateful to Constable Kisniburgh, should not regard him as a modern yses in blue, escorting me to the shdaes. t she watchhonso Klnnibhrgh's duty ses. I am handed over te Constable wor, the watchhousc-Lespcr. I am robed. The following particulars, idh are entered in a day-book are theit hen:-My name, then age, religion, if eviousty knows, offence charged with, oney and what found upon person, educa a good or bad, how dispoued of. These esliens answered, I am relegated to my otter,. Four cells constitute the Prahran ckup. Professionalt gentlemen say ey are exceedingly roomy. They are Il exactly upon the same principle as e ells at Pentridge. As all my readers e not peebably "done time" in these see, it may he as well to state that the bra cells areooblong, about 10 fect by eel. Senior Constable Eagleuon, now the spec of the City watlsboume, considero en perfect palaces. The door constitutes only moueabln porcion of the ccll, o light to shiclh is obtained through a ekplate of opaque glass, The r'abran us are not anything like es clean as elrdgcells. At the stockade they arc ileenip white and wholesome, with ebelle washing. The Prahran cell lack wholesome smell and appearatce of the teidge cells; but they are infinitely ner than those at the blolbourne gaol. Prabran a prisoner Clnans hie ccii after *night'seceupaney -he scrubs the floor. o performsncp of this tank is optional on part ot the prisoner; but it is gene iy cberoflly done. The charge agailat isnot a serious ons; but 1 receive no rteetretlreqt on that aecount. Justice is ed. Those who cooe to theso ctllt ul abide by the rules. I learn on qoiry that I tan have as mqch lee to drink sa I desire ! I am given a o ptond loa of Ibread, This ii In last for twonty-four hours. I also receive Cery ierty l4qqket. Tile cell dqor is tedupon pree. I an left to my refcee ns The abseece of furniture t tihe I sirihes me. Thcere is nothing to sit save the blanket. Under these con· ices itis hard to be heroic. exmine eocell door, smribbled and scratchetd all 0 erceeral caged blots in No. I have this door till an iron plate Jo bent. lees have vrittcnttbeir names qcer the li with the gleo of profosoional prig mirosr future occupants : " 4 chsesrys ble asst, I. To piy Ad fake asd Iie, ts ~lphssoqsspts nibs 4ode~waahra at &ass; Dials."~ ho rest of this intorcstiog auto-blo phi is oblitertce. The rnuttor of it, I"ll told, a tilliard sharp, who lived his 'vi, i1bi nefarious coductot aros boe hlu ass, and a thoroough belief Ite liies. l' BUas is the slve twho P. 1Do his " gone up " for thres yours. 0ommo0 prsctico ia colls is to record 0r arrest snd conviction and ito paso a remarks moro or less complimestary the mef whto '"soot you up." tr. iheesion is highly euetaesie by thse Olbal classes, it i may judge by tho somstelogles tayvslsh uopqn Ilm in These side lighto han coll lhf Baoioc, o ther otract atcention for a whilo. 'The Wihall clock atrleas elocon I Who ia le oroes lIotell Who has made the last at hlegB,. JLacO so's f I coeunt tqie te rcloadj I rondcr w1cq MaIldon UOtthe clock last IIow, I pray that gatlo timel Then I thinkof the prisesor rtluon R I ow he homet have ueffered in tOiI sloop lends oillshao. Jot lro Otl Iam waklonoriby aqctghslou !n No. 2, a drunk demanding. to .be lot out, or else ho'll complain to Mr. Dixon,. M.P. 'He says bo'll kick the cell to glory, His boots. re taken off. Peace os restored. Ten o'lock is the court hour which will dechic my fatin Tme hours drag blowly. The irrioki is thied 5s/.,jand then the record opposite my name appears "dis charged." I am a fee, man I Though conllned buthfourteuss boors, the trees seem greener-the snolight brighter ! The air is sweutur, and while I woosh tih tel of a ight in No. hell out ofu my mouth. Iconsider the priounnexperience ios done me gool. t·cano uppreeioto thu glorioun sensoiton of freedom, and can cry with Pope " Gieome ogol my hollo tro mat ofrbrnatlh ld naolity t 