? VICTORIA. AECHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. PASTOKAL LETTEB. To THE CTEEGY AND FAITHFUL OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOUBNE FOE LENT, 1890. THOMAS JOSEPH, By the Grace of God and favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Melbourne. DEABLY BELOVED BEETHEEN IN CUBIST,—The near-approach of the holy season of Lent reminds us of the duty of communicating to you the dispensations which, by virtue of the Papal Indult, we are authorised to grant for the present year. The Church, while ever mindful of the necessity and efficacy of works of penance, is, at the same time, ever willing to regulate her discipline according to the varying wants and requirements of her children. But, as the nature of sin, the necessity for expiation, and the natural tendency of the human heart are the same in every age, when dispensations are granted in one direction, it is orly with an implied understanding that greater self-denial than usual should be practised in some other form, or that greater generosity should be shown in the exercise of some other virtue. Amongst the means of compensation for the nonobservance of such strict fast and abstinence as our forefathers observed during the whole time of Lent, in regard to food, we would put, in the first place, the restricted use of—or, better still, the observance of total abstinence from —intoxicating drink. . We have reason to thank God that, during the past year, great progress has been made in the cause of total abstinence. The League of the Cross seems destined, with God's blessing, to be the means of doing incalculable good. The vast numbers who have joined the League during the past year, the fidelity of the members, with very few exceptions, the imposing celebration held in the Cathedral on the Sunday preceding St. Patrick's Day, the spread of the League in other dioceses, all go to fill us with hope that one of the most dangerous and prolific occasions of sin will, in a' little time, be substantially limited, if it cannot be entirely removed from our midst. This year a demonstration, which is expected to be even more imposing in its numbers and solemnity, will take place on the Sunday immediately preceding the Festival of St. Patrick. There are two other means by which compensation may be made by those who wish to use the large Lenten dispensations which we are empowered to grant, namely, greater devotion in prayer and larger liberality in almsgiving. Our Blessed Lord has expressed in very remarkable words the advantage and the special blessing attached to united prayer. He has promised that wbere even two or three are gathered together in His name, there is He in the midst of them. Hence it is that family prayer is so blessed by God. We may say, with all confidence, that the homes in which the Rosary is said during the time of Lent will be specially blessed by God, and will be under the particular protection of the Queen of the Holy Rosary. We therefore earnestly exhort the heads of families, after the labours of the day are over, to gather round them their children and servants, and to get all to join in offering up that beautiful fosrm' of prayer which exhibits, to 'the reflective mind a summary of the events of the life of Our Life, and which is therefore a living and perpetual act of faith in the Incarnation of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. The evil characteristic of the present day seems to be the desire to get rid of the spiritual and of the supernatural. In the materialistic philosophy of the day the mind of man is nothing better 'than 'a finely balanced calculating machine. The desires, the affections, and the sympathies of the soul,are .but the natural outcome of the organisation of the body, or .the accidental expression of the constitutional changes of the. le. nervous system. U ! ! As a consequence the natural is all in all. " Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow e We shall die," is the watchword of _ modern as of • anoient unbelief. Those ed Whose desires are carnal, or whose lives s are sinful, begin by wishing, and end by h believing that there is no future state, egs no resurrection surr< from the dead. f I gloved brethren, in the different ^ays^^ssHn , which we -reflect in the »*eCLtMft^ (ifi^e 'Rosary we are cohBta&tly; jemi^e^E the spiritual anil fit the s; /supernatural, "or' the enbrnuty pf . sin, of the justice and mercy of (3od, of the Incarnation of Christ, of the immortality of the soul, and of the resurrection of the dead. Thus the recitation of the Bowiyi, specially suited, by its simplicity nd suggestiveness, to serve as an antidote to the pleasing but pernicious prescription of modern materialism. Besides prayer, alms deeds will also make compensation for the liberal dij. pensations now granted to the faithful during the time of Lent. There are two purposes to which special attention may be directed in connection with the Lenten alms, and the extra Lenten charitable offerings oi the faithful. One is the completion of St. Patriot's Cathedral. For over thirty-seven years the building of the Cathedral has been carried on by the devoted and singleminded venerable priest who, rich in merits as he was ripe in years, his lately passed from amongst us. By a judicious outlay of all the private means of which he was ever possessed, in addition to the generous contributions of the clergy and laity of the diocese, he was enabled to advance the work from year to year, till he saw it within,measnrable distance of completion. Of late years he may be said to have carried on the work single-handed. He made no public appeal, and he received but little outside help. His dying wish was that the Cathedral works should go on to completion. He has left to the Catholic people of Melbourne a noble monument at once of their faith and of his own zeal. Surely the memory of such a man will not be allowed to perish. Some memorial of him will be handed down to future generations, to put them in mind of the height and the depth and the breadth of the united piety and zeal of pastor and of people who conceived and executed so noble a work in the very infancy of Victorian colonial life. The occasion of the approaching Month's Mind seems to be a suitable opportunity for inaugurating a monument to his memory and a movement for carrying out his dearest wish and desire. A second purpose to which the Lenten alms of the faithful may be very profitably devoted, is the founding of prizes and scholarships in connection with onr Catholic Primary Schools. As you are aware, by a refinement of cruelty, and on the flimsiest and most illogical of pretences, the Education Department will not allow Catholic children who do not violate their conscientious convictions by attending State schools to compete for the prizes and exhibitions which come from the public taxes paid by Catholic and non-Catholic citizens alike. It is the same narrow-minded policy that now seeks to deprive them of some of the gold medals honourably won by the Catholic schools at the International Exhibition. In order that the children attending Catholic schools may receive some compensation for the injustice done to them, and for their own fidelity, to principle, aided by some zealous friends of religious education, we have determined to offer prizes and exhibitions of the yearly value of about £500. The examinations will be held in the month of June, and the successful competitors will each be awarded either a free place in a Catholic College, or Convent Boarding School, or a money prize varying in amount according to the ages and proficiency of the pupils. We earnestlv solicit help to enable us to carry on and to extend the scope of this good and religious work. If Catholics to whom God has given abundant means could witness, we haye frequently witnessed, the state 0 : utter spiritual starvation iu which Catholic children who attend State schools are commonly brought up, they would regard help given to promote religious education as amongst the most meritorious uses to which charity can be applied. . , A box labelled "Lenten Alms" wJlbe placed in each of the churches, and toe contributions of the faithful who use the Lenten dispensations will be applied tor this purpose. ' , The following are the regulations tor the Lent of 1890:— =•••••" 1.—Neither fast nor abstinence is prescribed on Sundays in Lent, nor on St. Patrick's Day. . .,. ,, 2.—Meat is allowed at dinner on au Mondays,. Tuesdays,' 'Thursdays, and Saturdays, except Embeir Saturday ana the Monday in Holy Week. . , . Fish and flesh are not allowed at tae same meal. , ;. • ; i , 3.—Eggs, butter, cheese, and or dripping are allowed at dinner on days, except Ash Wednesday Mid txooa Friday.' ' A , On these two days- strict fast ana abstinence fere'to b'e observed. 4;—Butter is allowed stlthecollatioiis on all idajs, except Ash Wednesday ana Gropd Friday. . 5.—Confessors, have power to grant jjgpenaations in particular oases where * 1-efcmate cause epsts. He clergy will please to explain to the people at the beginning of Lent that ill who have completed their twenty, first rear, and who are under sixty years "t J e are bound to fast, unless thefy ire exempt by reason of hard labour, or of delicate health. They will also explain that all who hare come to the Me of reason are bound to abstain, unless they are freed from the obligation by the dispensations of the Church, or the circumstances of their calling or condition of life. Finally, they will exhort all to comply with the precept of Paschal Communion, and to attend the evening devotions which will be held in all the parochial churches. Earnestly desiring that the time of lent may be a time of penance, of priyer, of slmsdeeds, and of abstinence from all thing* sinful for all the faithful of our We remain, dearly beloved, Tour faithful servant in Christ, THOMAS JOSEPH, Archbishop of Melbourne. St. Patriot's Cathedral, February, 1890. BlfBEB DATS. Next Wednesday, 26th inst., Friday, 28th inst, and Saturday, 1st prox. being Ember Days, will be days of fast ana abstinence. ASH WEDNESDAY. Last Wednesday being Ash Wednesday, ashes were blessed and distributed in the principal churches of the archdiocese. At the Cathedral, the ceremony of blessing the ashes took place at the seven o'clock Mass. THB LATE EIGHT BEV. MON8IGNOE riTZPATBICK. The will of the late Bight Bev. John Fitzpatrick, "Vicar-General of the Archdiocese of Melbourne, has beenfiled in the probate office by the executors, the Very fiev. T. Donaghy and the Bev. P. J. Aylward. The testator made his will on the 9th January, 1889. The total amount of the property was £601. The testator gave to the Archbishop of Melbourne all the furniture, books, and pictures for the use of St. Patrick's presbytery, and his chalices and Bacred vessels to him for use in St. Patrick's Cathedral. He directs that £25 shall he expended on masses for the repose of his soul, and five guineas given to the sacristan of St. Patrick's and each of the indoor servants at St. Patrick's presbytery. The residue i« to be devoted to the building fund of St. Patrick's Cathedral. aovxiITT or THB B.V.M. On the 14th inst. the members of the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin held their first meeting for the current year at St. Patrick's College. There was a very large attendance of members and others, the Archbishop's chapel being filled to it* utmost capacity. Fr. O'Malley, S.J., delivered an address, during which he referred to the pleasure it gave him to find that the pupils of St. Patrick's had formed an association which kept them dniwg life in constant intercourse with their former preceptors. He concluded by urging the sodalists to do their utmost to lead others to the practice of religion. Thejr could frequently do good where it was impossible for the priest to do any. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was afterwards given by the Very Bev. Fr. Kenny, S. J. The members then adjourned to the Sodality Hall, where the prefect, Mr. E. J. Sydes, on behalf of the Sodality, welcomed Fr. O'Malley back to Melbourne. The rev. gentleman suitably replied, and a programme of songs, recitations, etc., contributed by Messrs. Hoare, Power, Duffy, and others, was gone through in a creditable manner. At the weekly meeting last evening a debate on the subject—" That this house believes in Ghosts," was to take place. Next Friday evening a paper on " Phrenology " will be read by . Mr. Bickarby, B.A., LL.B. . MISSION AT KILMOBE. The Bedemptorist Fathers concluded a two weeks' mission at Kilmoreon Sun- . day last. The mission was well attended throughout, and, as it is the first that hap , been held in the.district by the Fathers, . *®>7 satisfactory results will no doubt follow.,' ' " ' V ' < ST.. PATEICJC'S. JAZZES' .ASSOCIATION ; 7iO*'cjfkABnrr. _A lecture will'ie giveninthe Hibernian Hall on Tuesday evening, in aid of th^ above as?oclatibh,. by Mr.- P. M^Glynn, •' "M.P.,'; bn the subject of Federation, its principles application. i Tie ( Archbishbp df Melbottne ST.- PATBICK'S : OOLLBOB. tilth* , . _^ge t5 tljii '••fiSft '•.W ,Binee^he3<wndaiioa 1 ^PIWUIjiMtODaiMa t «nintiur clflJSeS m jfor youthB not attending the day'achooliwfco wish to prepare themselves for the honour, matriculation, or public service u examinations, and, though it is but a few weeks since their establishment, already a very large number of pupils have been admitted to the classes. •T. PATBICK'S SCHOOLS. The additions to the above schools will shortly be completed, and the opening ceremony will probably take jplace in the course of a few weeks. There is a considerable debt on the building, and we learn that it is intended to hold a bazaar about midwinter to reduce this as much as possible. 8ACBED HEABT CONVENT, XTNETON. On Sunday last (says the Kyneton Guardian) at the Boman Catholic Church, Kyneton, the Bev. J. Daly announced that it was the desire of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne that a bazaar should be organised and carried out in Kyneton some time during the present year, in order that the balance of the debt on the Sacred Heart Convent may be wiped out, and preparations made for the establishment of a Christian Brothers' School. In order to initiate Bteps for the carrying out of the movement, a meeting of ladies would take place on Sunday next, at four o'clock p.m., in the building in Hutton-street formerly occupied as a girls' schoolroom, which he (Fr. Daly) hoped would be largely attended. 