Mr. Theodore John Tourrier THE subject of this sketch is a striking example of the compelling power of music, whereby,however long the pen may be abandoned, the lips silent, and mind and hands occupied with other matters, inevitably the early and innate passion finally reasserts its power and the man returns, as it were, to his first love. Mr. Theodore John Tourrier was'born in London in 1848; of foreign parentage, his father being, as the name indicates, French; his mother, Constance von Holst, a German, of a family that had been musical for genera tions. Monsieur Tourrier was a civil engineer and a teacher of languages; Madame Tourrier a most accom plished musician, excelling both as harpist and vocalist, and their house was visited by many celebrities in literature and art, so that the little Theodore, who was one of a numerous family, was surrounded by influences' favourable to the development of talent from his earliest infancy. Amongst Mr. Tourrier's earliest recollections are the playing of John Bolsir Ghattorton, ! the Queen's harpist, a pupil of Bochsa and Labarre,; and the singing of a duet by his mother and one of the; favourite pupils of Manuel Garcia. Madame Tourrier undertook the musical education of her son, i.who dis played such precocious . talent for the art that before he had reached the age of twelve years he had written; several vocal" pieces, and was considered quite a remarkable performer on the pianoforte. It being resolved that the boy should have every opportunity for the development of what was in him, he was sent; to the Paris Conservatoire. Before entering, ho played before the composer of Masaniello, The Grown Dia monds, and other operas which have delighted past and present generations, and the veteran Auber was so much pleased with the boy that he gave him very favourable recommendations and introductions. At the Con servatoire of Paris Mr. Tourrier studied for three years, his principal teacher being Marmontel. When barely 15 years of age, family circumstances ■ recalled Mr. Tourrier to London, where ho resided for the next five years, studying when he could at the lloyal Academy of Music, and sometimes taking lessons from teachers outside of the Academy. Entering now into commer-1 cial life, Mr. Tourrier went to France, resided some time in Paris, and then in Marseilles ; from thence he went to Algiers, where he began the study of Arabic. Returning to Paris, he remained there two years, and then went to Italy, where, with brief visits to England, France, Germany and Switzerland, he remained for about 10 years. During this time if Mr. Tourrier did not; pursue the study and practice of music systematically, or as a profession, at least his interest in it did not dio out as would have been the case with one who had no natural taste or predilection for the art. On the con trary he frequently composed and embraced every opportunity that presented itself of hearing all - that was best in the artistic world, and his wanderings over Europe wore eminently favourable to that end. Many of Mr. Tourrier's compositions, which include cantatas, pianoforte and organ pieces, orchestral iworks and numberless songs, have been published in France and Italy, and are well-known in those countries where the comooser passed so large a part of his life. A gavotte of Mr. Tourrier's composition, performed.by the orches tra of the late Centennial Exhibition under the conductorship of Mr. F. H. Cowen, was much admired. Mr. Tourrier has been scarcely two years in Melbourne and already his songs are becoming favourites, •' Those Happy Days'' having been sung in public by Mr. Armes Beaumont, and " Do I Love Thee," by Mrs. Palmor.' It was not to the writing of music only, however, that Mr. Tourrier devoted the leisure hours of a very busy life. Numerous essays, tales and sketches from his pen; found their way into various French and Italian magazines and newspapers. A history of the Monas tery of Yallombrosa, which took about two years to write, and a PfMUfcophical Treatise, embodying the re- : flections of a man of the world, are still in manuscript. At present Mr. Tourrier is engaged upon a novel,; " Brian Conway," a tale of Australian life, which will shortly see the light in London. Although settled so comparatively short a time in Melbourne, Mr. Tourrier has been in Australia about nine years, and the story; of his coming thither is romantic. In Italy Mr. Tour rier had a friend—an Englishman—of like tastes and sympathies with himself, and of " adoption tried." One eveuing in Florence, chatting over a flask of wine, the young men agreed that they were weary of Europe ; they had exhausted what civilization could give thorn; thoy wanted a change. Neither had any ties to bind him to ouo particular spot ; both were free to do what seemed to them good. Whither should thoy go ? The groat now Southern world, palpitating with youth and energy, clo'hed in sunshine and perpotual verdure, instinct with life and measureless possibilities, invited them ; the buried history, the monuments of a race of giants, tho dead civilizations of Asia, projected -ghost-like into tho present, seemed scarcely less inviting. Should they go to build or to'dig? Asia or Australia? Which was it to bo? Like tho veteran actor, Mr. George Coppin, whon debating botwoou America and Australia, those young men agreed to lay . their future on tho toss of a coin. Providentially, as some would say, the florin decided for Australia. To Australia tho friends came, and in Australia they have remained since, still friends, and now brothers-in-law, for after various wandorings tho two found consolation in a sequestered rural nook of Victoria, Natte Yalloolc by name, where they married two sisters, the Missus Davis. Now "Horatio" ruralizes on a selection in Gippslnud, whore coal indications promise that ho may bo a millionaire some day, and 41 Hamlet" is a professor of muaio in Melbourne. 