SOCIETY OF MUSICIANS OF AUSTRALASIA. FIRST ANNUAL DINNER. At Glen's music hall on Saturday, evening, the 23rd ult., a distinguished company of musi cians and vocnlista attended the first,. annual dinner of tho Society of Musioians of Austral asia. Air. Alfred Flumpton, president of the Hooicty, occupied the chair, having on his right Sir William Robinson, the Aoting-Goyorrio'r. At the conclusion of tho dinnor the usual loyal toasts wore honored, . ; and the President subsequently proposed tho health of tho Acting-Governor, Sir W. 0. F. Robinson, saying that his Excellency was a most able composer, and was patron and member of the society. (Hear, hear.) He asked the com pany to honor tho toast in bumpers. Sir W. O. F. Robinson, who on rising to respond was received with applause, . said that in the first place, ho must express tho great regret which Lady Robinson felt at not being able to accompany him to the banquet. Ho would like, on behalf of tho society as a member, to express tho society's warm thanks , to Mr. Glen, for placing . a room of his premises at the sooioty's disposal. There was a departure in the character of the assemblage at this evening's gathering which he hailed with great pleasure, namely, the preaenco of ladies. .(Hear, hear.): To address the fair sex was a pleasure the after-dinner speaker- did not often enjoy. He trusted that ere long the happy day would come when the ladies would relieve the gentlemen of the task of proposing toasts and responding to them, for he wad quite suro that they would do it better. . The presi dctit had been so good as to refer to him as a musician. It had fallen to his lot 'in life to play many '.. parts. Ho had play ed.fi rst fiddle and second fiddle. (Laughter.) .There was only one instrument in a band that a public man must not play — ho must not bray upon his own trumpet. .Therefore ho would ask to be excused for refraining from saying any . more about himself as a musician, thanking them at the same time for the kind compliment which had been paid him in drinking his health. Great progress had latoly been made in Australia in the art of music. This fact was borne out by the testimony of distinguished ? musicians from homo, ? such' as Mr. Cowen . and Mr. Hamilton Clarke, who had found established '? in Melbourne musicians such as Mr. Flumpton, ' the president of the society, Mr. Herz, Mr. Linden, Mr. Zerbini, Mr. Siede, Dr. Torranco, Mr. Zelman and others. Amongst the members .' of the society a higher band of federal union had been established than could be created by diplomacy or legislation. Australia had ' been made for the purposes of the society ?; one ' nation and one people. After alluding to tho origin ' and aims of the Roynl Sooioty ; of Musicians of Great Britain Sir 'William Robinson stated' that the Australasian Society was more comprehensive in design than . its British prototype. It not only nimed at assisting members, but those who had no claim ' on it, and a!no offered to musical talent the ' f opportunity for its cultivation, whilst members ? hail the advantage of free medical attendance in case of illness. The society, he now thought, had been well started. Ho felt deep interest in its welfare, and would do all in his power to promote the objeots, not, only of the society, but of its individual members. (Hear, hear.) '.. \- ' A musical interlude here occurred. ; ? Sir W. C. F. Robinson then said it devolved ; upon- him to propose' the most important toast of the evening, namely. Success to the Society of 'Musioians of Australasia. To tho company ho needed not to say' anything to commend tho society fer- sympathy'nnd warm support.'* Ho felt sure the public would recognise the obliga tions which tho society would cast upon, them, in view of the good work which the society had set itself to do. It would of course be idle to pretend ignorance of the fact, that thsro wore' a few musicians) in Melbourne who were dissatisfied with tho sooioty, and who had not joined it. All he needel to say on this point was that membership of the association was essentially optional, ? and that while it might be assumed that thoso who were admitted as members were1 qualified as; musicians for membership, it did not in the least follow that some who held aloof wore not musicians also, and for his part he sincerely hoped that tho society, which had 1 made so good a start, might so establish itself in pubV'o favor as to attract to it all members of tho delightful profession which it was its aim to .'nerve.' : Tuere was no profession and no art that was more deserving of the heartfelt supporb 'of the community than this society. He' wished the sooioty God speed, and truRted it would do ' , its work in keeping with the noble interests that it represented. : ' Tho President, in reply, thanked the Acting Governor for the manner in whioh. ho had pro posed tho toast. The society had caused its directors and founders a great deal of anxiety. Some little ill feeling had been manifested out- -. aide, whioh they hoped would soon disappear. ' Those ladies and gentlemen who were still out ? side tho sooioty need havo no fear of the direc tors in submitting themsolvcs to election, through - that supposed ghost, the ono voto. Elcotion was made by tho members of tho socioty, and not by tlie direotors. They and the founders of the society wore merely thoro to save tho constitution from being altered, and to see that tho society's money was not spent f dr. any other: purpose than that for which it was originally intended. He thanked his Excellency i for the '? toast on behalf of the sooiety, and hoped it would have long life and prosperity. (Hear, hoar. ) Mr. Julius Herz proposed Our Patrons and Vice-Patrons. Messrs. K. M. ' James, Mason, M.L.A., and Levien, M.L.A., responded. \- During the evening a: number of vocal and instrumental selections wore given by soveral artistes, .including : Messrs. Hamilton ? Clarke, Herz, Linden and Theo. Liobe, Madame Tasca and Madame Bentami, and Mr. Armes Beau mont. After the banquet the company inspected the society's now room, ' placed' at their servioo;by Mr. Glen. General satisfaction .was .expressed with its situation) size and furnishing. Mr. Glen then formally handed over the apartment to tho service of the Hociety.and Sir William Robin son, in felicitous' terms, accepted the concession, and thanked the firm for their consideration in giving the society an abiding place. 