CHECKMATED. BT CAtrat. L'Esrn.so. The world had gone wrong with me lately, to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West-eul clubs, and of ex lesive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle-the ouly living relative I had, exceptiung a half-couoin from whom hitherto I had receiveed a handsome quarterly allowance, and. as the phrase goes, had " great expectations." But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and theugh no actual engagement exsted between t us, Ihd fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the young lade in question. but to her parents. Now, however, to add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively with ( out means., faancil. rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the " cold shoulder" from the r father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, par the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather expen rsire tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year-the rental of a small landed property i bqueathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them; but then, again, that couple of hundr l was twelve moulths income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived. was a country squire, with a hi; rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief be tween us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting im anger, it was e not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior; but some fhow, although so near of an age, as well as being relatives and frequently meeting, we had never taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had step;ped between my uncle and me hadbeen wrought bh Master Jack Mortimer, and deter that it should not be my faultif he were no:t brought to book. IHowever, after what I have written, andl much more, having been thu subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a Ltst effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had lhen aeCusc.t of sc:ub'ling-of having lost upwards of five huntdLed p unds at cards at one sltting -which was utterly false; for whatever my failings, the curse of gambling could not le, Ireckoned amongst theet. S' One spring mecnin. after a night journey ofi a couple of hundredl milu from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggoýe beyol a small travel. ling b g and a rug. the little market town where I alighted was L;ut: five teiles from the r Hall, and. brekfattin at the ene decent hotel ill s theplace, I leectel to walk thedistance. laving my encumbrances in charge c1f the landlady, to whom I was well know,. On the way. and especially when I arrived at the lpark, the un pleaeanttfeeliueg was strong upon me that my uncle min-ht decline to graet eve the interview which I now soughit. Like the., generality of hot-te:mperel people, hiis p?sion Swas soon over: and yet, whiet disposed, he could be as obstinate as mcst men, as his brother magistrateshadproved onmanyoccasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival had been announced by one of the old tserents-a strange experience to me than to have to sendin my name-that " the s nuire" would comome me in the library at once. Whatever feeling of hople might kayo been -inmmyheartasto a recocnliation between us soddenlvy left it as my uncle enterd. HL hand some and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cohld, contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as they met mine which I had never seen beforn "Have yoo no Sense of shame left, Gerald r Mortimer.' lhe said, in a hard voice, after he hs ad closed the door hehindhim, " that youhavo the effronthry to come to this house.?-you, who have disgcaced the name you bear-die graced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his country-- ud have commiltel a vulgar crime against sl.iety and me ." " I fail to unlerstand you, sr," I rejoined utterly astoun led at his words. "If you are alluding t, the accusalion you made against me ae to cambl;:tr. I repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try"- "I'Phaw!" he interrupted. "Honest men have gamble.l : anl in time I might have for t given it, if you had stopped at that, and shown hyour regret for what had p usel. But yon- t ou, a Mortimer-to stoop to forgery." " It is false," I cr.ed-- false as the other chare. .re d rhever hao s poisoned your mind agosnest me, lies in his teeth:" " Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds." continued the squire; "for. unhaprily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And, as hae sl?ke. myy uncle took from the t breast of his seiooting-jacket, a letter, from wFhicL. when unfolded, he produced a smaller p?i-ce of paper. "t Examine that. sir." he added. " and let me hear if you have the :ffrontery to likewise deny your own signaturc?'" I could scarely credit my own eyesight wheo I looked at whalt was written within. It was a dil honoured acceptance for sit hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard MorŽimer, Es.luire, and signed (Gerald Mortimer, and ap arently duly accepted by my uncle. "Well., sir," asked he, impatiently, "what have you to say :" f" That I have never seen this document be fore to-day." I answered. " What!" he thundered. "Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know as well as I do my own "1 Ido deny it :" I added, passeonately. "The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstteae it might de ceive even myself; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bll in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole exsprestsn of his face changed; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again witha puzzled look, for. as wllpresently appear, there was some confirm ntory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added: " Will you please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, in mon nection with that forged acceptance :" " Yes," he replied, " that is only fair. As I noderstand it was presented in due conrseto the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowled-e of such draft, until, tomyhoror, I learned that it bore your aignature. when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instruc tiouns that it shtould be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be ineti tuted; and the person Id whose hands it was a West-end money.lender-asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and, further,that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsementto him. " It is as fa!se as the rest, sir." I said a few moments later, when I lhad taken a second glat.ce at the forged bill. "Iknow the man yname. hut kwnow nothine good of him. I have had no irtnuaoeions with him-in fact, never spoke to him in my life." " You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer '" ~sked my uncle, after a pause. "I do, sir," I added. "and I am going hack to London at once to fance this raeay- money. lender." "Tou will stay here until to- morrow,' said mynndoc, loohisegathisnwafch "Iwanttime to thenk, and to talk the matter orerquietly." "If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, deter. mikedly. "The answering of an infamous choee like this adetits of no delay." " But you hare been traMvelling all night, I expect," added the luire, "and require some rest. surely ?" The werds were kindly meant and eopreseed, hat an . res.lced to depae anda fter?lhca?y lunchoon I was driven in a dog-cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rag, and catch an upfasttrain. The fellwoing morning shortly before II o'clock found meat the ofatre of the money. lender who lhad held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had receired it from Much to my charin, owever, I was told that he was not in, and would not be at bdai ne-t till the morrowp . There was hut ons oli ary clerk in the ice, a shurp-eyeda old ma who glancd at me cnreoualy, etd, as it omaurred to me, as though I was not annown Io him: and moreover, on declining to gire my name, I funded the ghost ot a smile played about his thin lips. eAlte leaving the money.lender's oeo I srolled along Piccadily to the park. Being just then in the height ef the season, and a hrilliant morning, the Bow was pretty full of _quemtritt, many of whom were Imoen to ms. ,sa., lest happnd.Ia.hi.mc at ?ttl tbs ffit objf d~~ m q ~ my bw m I my disgust and anger, the gentleman rouch safed not the sliglhtest acknowledgucent to my salutation. Considernn that, if not actually an aneepted suitor of his daughter, my pretensions lhad not been igaored, and that for two seasons I had oeen a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. Ifowever, I was only being taught the difference between an heir-ltrosamptive to much wealth and a young man with two hundred rounds a year. The following day I was o have another odd exlperience of life, but of a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparal leled impudence and audacity that surely man ever enconitered. About the same hour as on the previous morning I once more called at the oilice of the moneylender, bill discounter. or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private ro!, unannoulceed.?s to name. Ito was young, wel-dressed, and not had looking, and received me with a very cool nod. o" .When I tell you that I am .fr. Gerald MIortimer," I said, "you will guess the object of my visit." "Therec is no occasion to ire me your name," was the cool rejoinder, "'for I ave too much cause to remember it and you. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the as?urunce to show your face here again after ioisting upon me a forgedt bill." "You infamous scoundrel." I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage. "you know this is the list time that ever you spoke to me in your life. and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had traanctiOns with you. "G Go on, my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. " No," I added, "I have nothing more to say to veou. The policeare the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark toe, mat, ou and your arcomnliees in this conlspdraey 'shall feel the penalties'of the law. You haove forged or connived at the forgery of both my uncle's signature and mine, and you shall suffer for it." The scoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room-a scoffing, mocking laugh that 1 could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of this mnfamous den. my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the hands of the police authorities; and I actually went some diltance towards Ch'aring Cross with that intoentie in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the adrice of an old iriend of mine lvofore doing anylthingi orther. IIewas a manmyseniorby only a year or two-for we had been school fellows--ht one upoan whose good offices and knowledge of the world I coull thoroughly rely. On reachin, his chambll e in the A.lany he re ceived me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he said : ".t rascally business. Gera!d, my boy, and I tuelion if your first idea of goingt direct to Scottlanl Yarl would not have bhcnI the best tlin you could hare dlone. However, there will be nothing lost b' waiing until to- morrow. Dinae with me to night. go with me to the opera, and then you shall have my dection before we part." 'Agrvrsd"T Ianswered: and hlaving gone homre to drees I joined mny friend later on. Over dicner Ihc todl me th it ie had already come to the enclon en that I must see th1e police, aned it was arrtangeLI that he should accompanv meto Scotland Yard on the follow. ing morning. It was rather late wrl. we got to Covent Garden Theatre, but we werein time for the last two acts of the opera, and staved outthe tdllet. On getting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full house, and we had to wait for a m?nute or two. At length, as we were making our way out, sometody pdusrld against me-rudely, or it seemed-and I turned to see who sas the aggreosor. To my astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascdiy money.lender with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently onuly waiting to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent looks were not, and without a thought of where I was-that ladies were almost touching moe on the other side-I struck him. Straisht from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and ho went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came between us. my friend seized me by th. arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being bring driven westward. "Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about ?" said Zay companion when he had got me into the cab. "" In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you tdat you should knock him down like that "" " Done to me!" I answered, hoty. " It was the fellow we were speaking of to-day- the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events hell that bill." " Oh, oh!" ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; "I understanditallnow. Neverthelees, you would have been a wiser man if you had kent year hands off him." 'I could not help it," I rejoined. "He pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as I did if you had been in my place." " Perhaps," was the admission, " but anyhow we must be before him in the morning, or we may have hirm invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to tike as to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witn?ese by going there. In the smoke-room, on our arrival. we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guar-mnam in uniform who had been on duty, and looked in on his war to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke room-a pale and affrighted look on his face with the starting announcement that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a rouch in the ar room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to the adjomining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two met my vens. Lying on one of the couches, hiis limbs and features fixed in the last terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo. exy some of the men said it was, but poisoned Shis own act it proed to be when the doctors had examined the body, and the inquest had been held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of itce morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confesed, out of aspirt of pique and revenge, to having forged omy nams to the bill and our uncled's acceptance of i His aecomplice, the money-lender, he further stated, wan to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transactn, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for ruining me, I telegaphed at once to the squire, and he arrived n town with the least possible deay. In the interl, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a moner-lender had been fruitless. HIis clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master,so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. HIe had drawn a large cheque upon hs bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous after. noon,andthesL lthatwas knunof himswas when I knockeud him down at Cosent arden Theatre. Thati was restored to my nule's favour and to my old position as to " expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it may be interesting ifInadd that I married Mabel, and thereby beams one of the most happy of morttas.--f'etCsely nliedgt. The present Pope (says the ldl J?lall G ecte) is determined to move with the age. It is not only that he leares the Vatcan at times, hot he opens part of it which the public hitherto knew only by reputation. He has now given diore lions that the Biorgia galleries hb threwn open. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite has been ouite forgotten, and Jyet it was ones the very resdenee, the netoal livng.rooms, of the Pope. Alexander VL had them dem rated by Pioturicchio, who came down to pant them, stopping on his way at Penruta and Orweto. Then Sixtus V. thought the apartmeno too sunk, and built the splendid ple on the north side of the Cortile of San Damaso where he and his sudessors have ever sine lodged. The old rooms were locked up, and put to ocaional ue, as for the ?eomm. - dation of crdlials duoing the Celave;or even for the tbl? a of. the bssolsnti durig Holy Week. Pius VII., indeed, eollected some pictures and statues which wr kept here, and .ne room w}m ievoa to an trm ly, the I rmwoolrrsoo of J - B. tL,M u rM pone, WASvia .W a t ,tian,, ? aall?s.l of 00 Tag= rb n'ew o ft 