'??J': I^ecal & General A meeting of creditors m. the bankrupt .estatejpf Thpmas Colclpugh Wateon, farmer and dealer, of Nprthdpwn, wns held at the Eegistrar's office ; on .Wednesday. Tho statement pf accpunts ehpwed the; liabili ,tieB;tp,be .£12,380 15s, and the assets -£lV29 O'a 7(i. ,.Mr J. j. BumtifT was aDDointed1 .trustee,' and. Messrs i J-. Hudsen and J.' fHart committee of inspectioH. -t ? The public examination pf the , bankrupt will , tako place pp. Thursday, December 4, at 3 p.m., .. In, connection ? with the, marvelipusi.re-, sults^pbtained by Prof essor Kooh from , his i new consumptive treatment, the, address on , ;BactQriolpgical Research, delivered by thp Professor before tbn International Medicnl iCpngyesB at Berlin ip August last wiili.faej intereBting :— ' Very .soon, after., the dia icpyery pfi,.the .tubercle .bacilli Tact about seeking for substances which could be usod therapeutkftljy ; against;, ..fuijerculosis. ,.\1: have :in, the ^course of time;jteeted a very large number of substances to see what in fluence;, they, would exert on the tubercle bacilli cultivated in pure cultures, witb-.tbo; result; that not, a- few- substances have thpi power,- oven'in very small doses, of; hinder-; ing. the, i growth : of the tubercle :bacill|.. ?Mere than this, of course, a remedy cannot ;dp;., I haye. preyed a: number of etKerealj oils, some of, theVsp called tar dyes and com-: pounds of cyanogen and gold to bo'reinedioa; which Hinder auch.grpwth even in .very; small, doses, jbut .they all. remained abso-i lutely withputeffeptif tried. on tuberculous; animals.:. In apite :of, this failure I have not, allowed,, myself to be .discouraged.; from; prosecuting, the search for growthhinder-; ing, remedies, and I have at last .hit upon- a; substance which, has the power of proTent-: ?ing the; growth pf tubercle bacilli, not only1 in a: test tube, but in the' bedy pf an; animals .All experiment^ in .tuberculpsisj are, as every 'one whp has had experience cf them ha.B sufficiently disepvered, of very! ilpng duration. My researches pn.this:Bab-| stance, . therefore, although, /they,, havo occupied, me fpr nearly. a year. are net yet completed. I can only say this much about them, that guinea pigs if exposed to the influence of this substance cease to react to the ; inoculation.. of tuberculous virus, and1 that in guinea pigs- sufferingifrom general tuberculosis even to a high degree- the ; morbid i process; can . bo ; brought .tp a com- j plete standstill.'. ?:.? '.,.i ,! -u. ..-;-. :; ,;. ??' | ? ?Whki'' the Mormons, went -first to' Salt! Lake (says an exchange)' the country was: -waterless and barren. . They; made it one , 'bf-'the'1best'watered and1 most'fertUe 'and; ;beautiful'- spots; on' the face of :the earth.| The' |secret'bf ? 'their- Bystem was the prac ?ticaitraming tney gave.tneir peppie. -a-'i kinds of peopla came to them, and of all of :these ' in the ?' beginning \ when the work ; of' conquering that Jrude;land' ruggedj wilderness -: was 'in-1 hand :i they made! 'farmers'; ;.The; Sfete advanced ;the'm: allj tney wantea; seea corn.-proviBionB.pioug'?, i :6xen.;*';Fot' every district there/ -was- an ? bfflqiaV1 whose 'duty.it- wasr:to teach the' lpeopleVih'6wlj:tb;farm-; their 'land. ; This is j the ;;secrettrbf j the' prosperity' of :; the-'^Salfc 'Lake'settlem1entsirr'It'is:alsbtHe ie^'to-the scheme which General Booth' -has el aba- 1 ria'tied. ','It ?'ia'va''system' of home: farm's to; train pedple- to- earh'-'mdependence'C-'in : colonial 'settlements'.1 'The :. machinery' of; 'J;he- Salyatibn' Army' is; just ;the ' thin'g $So\ Wbrtsuch' a' scKeme.: ''No other couldf'lobkj :at'iti'iri;the;h;ope 6f'a:profit;-j!. 'f1'?}'': h!!f[ i '.''.'IJhb fpliowing'itemvs',of neWsrelating^tpj 'TaVt^ri(a;'.are,yaup'plie;d '' byV*' The, , Anglo Australian ',, to '. the ' i^iiropean ; ,'. Jfd'il '.pf. 'Octpbie^'S^Tlie Vagre.oment'lofysale'p'f.^lie Tasmanian-iflairi. _Xjj^ie' 'rail Way- wassiittled on Tuesday ' ^nally', .by (^hs ^directcirft^T ' Colonel' 'S'rey'^Mr' Bait, .'Mr; Eicardo^and! .. liCr'l-Bra'ddpn'. the|. (JAgent;Ge^rieraljij at: the; Barik pflipndbn and. Westminster, and^oii' th'e,.day ,'fbllpwing.',. npy'dpu,b.t ' the line.; was; 'formally 'haniied oyer.tp 'th'e|Gqye'rnment; pE|rther.. colony., ' By;,;they\,wayij ^iti, .was: If rankly';. admitted by(, one o.f 'th'e'.^irgstbrs 'that 1,hei'.'haoriJ j'aliy»ys, .; found;, /the.' re-J '.preseritatives pfj ,the . Tasmariiatii(.cqlony 'satislaQtpry.Pjeppl'e'.to dealiwith, arid 'it'may- th'erQf.or^b'e iregretted.j.I .think, .that 'this ; admis'sipn ^id^ 'riot blossom? and bear °,'fr)uifc earli'er'-in.,ther:day. .The '.leader, bf. the Opppsitipn in .the .colony, itself,. on .more ?than^ne pqeasibri,' has' said. tiat'-tHeagfee-' 'ment.'.'to.' piirchase could , net ppssibly rbe ficmplete'd^y'Ootpber 1, sp that, after all; the' Agent-General' iriay'claiui l scriie credit fp'r having-'made'jhim' 'a, false, prbphefcln this particular,; besides which^.Mr'Braddpn has safe-guarded all present:an'd cbntingent .interests ; and .liabilities'. 'for . the colony. The; eldec s'pn ??. pf Sir Lambertl DobVpn, Chief Justice of Tasmania, is now, I hear; in London, having come via Hqnplulu and America, and made a Jhurried tour cf the Continent en route.. Messrs Giblin and Waldron, the two last elected Tasmanian scholars, have reported themselves at; the Agency in Westminster. The former will probably enter the London University, ani the latter Corpus Christi,. Oxford. I am glad to say that that veteran .author and Tasmanian wbrthy, Mr James Bpnwick, is npw quite well, and as energetic as, ever, althpugh he has well passed' three'sobre and ten. There are, few harder wprkers than he even ampng the ypung. As I ''mentioned recently, he is npw engaged in ccllecting early historical infermation relative to the very, earliest days of Sydney and Hobart, and has already sent but much matter. Just, now ...Mr, Bonwick; is, I- understand, 'engaged . on 'abjrie of Captain Cobk'a. loga,.. ani in this, .cqn rection I may .possibly have , something . bf special interest to , communicate. Mr Schenk, who/waa lately in Taefriania for some months j visited -. the Agent , General on WedneBday, in view of .pushing the' Tasinaniap. timber'^ trade, fwith, this .country. : MrBraddbn has put. .that' gentler 'man 'Jn^hew'ay ,qf phtairiinR Bamples';pf those 'weoda '. be^t'^a'pjedj'ier^he.^r^jcti^^^ 'quirements of these' inarketsr * *''* ' ' ' A case of ubihe1 importancb was hoard at the Court of 'Requests Wednes'dayj Jph'n Luck; ?' miller;' ] of' pevoriport,1- proceeding against1 'Jphn'-Williatna,- mataeer -pf the United 'Steamship ' Opmpany, -'-to ' recover J!25 IGs 4d for alleged 'breach 6f '-contrast. The evidence for the plaintiff was to' the effect that the defendant ? had ? signed a written agreement providing that he should have convoyed from Launcestbrirt6 West uevonportae tqnB(dead' weight; of 'milling machinery- at a charge- of jlOs per'tori for ? freights : Subsequently; h6weyer,;the def-5n- danfclearnoij that the machinery iri'.qiiestibn , ?was 'in reality; when, by nieasurouieiit, 72£ ? tons,' arid, as a consequence, -he 'refused i tb carry but theagreement ' on ;the- ground I of fraudulent' representation on the part of ? the plaintiff! Ho stated he offered to' take ? the goods'at the'rate' of 10s per'ton on ?2J tons,' but this ''offer was: declined.' ''-The ' testimpny failed to'shp'w fraudulent' intent ? on'the part ef thoplaintiff; whpi pnth'ede- ; fendant's breaking' theagreement/had1 th'o ; goeds conveyed, to' theirdeatiiiaticn by rail. ; The jury found 'a verdict in favpnr:'of v'thb ! plaintiff ; to the 'extent pf' £23, ?'this being ! the t difference .-between' £13, theamcuht ; stipulated in;the agreeriieht/ and'.the 'sum I for which the( defendant offered to'convey ' the 72J tona (uieaBurement)of goods to West : Deyonport.-1 The1 defendant's cpunael gave ? notice pf his intention to move!for'a reduc- ' tion of the amonht of damagOB. ; ?' '?'?'' ;tl . : Althottoh Lord Tennyson, who recently celebrated his eightieth birthdayj'-ia-'Btill hale and hearty,' yet' tho -Lpndori press is already engaged in -discussing ''the'; rival merits of the :' various candidate's' for1 th^ post.of Poet Laureate td'the Queen,! whicli ?will becorhe vacant at; his death: Tenriy: son himself has riomihated' ??' OwerivMere' dith/' better known 'as' the -; title of; Iiord Lyttori, aB'hia. :suceessor.': 'Tlie'Earl' is'at presorit ambassador to -France, and -was forriierly -Viceroy -of- Irididi'1 The'Qiie'eii favours the Earl of Ebselyri, wh'om'-biifc few outside court circles have ever heard men tioned as a poet.' The Prime Minister; Lord Salisbury, supports the . claims1 of Alfred Austin, Tf ho is a frequent Visitor 'at Hatfield House, and the Prince of Wales 'is suppoeed, rightly or : -wrongly, r to favpiir William Morris. J SWinburno is ' considered to have put himself out of the funning; by his recent 'ode ? commending .the plots to assassinate ,th« Czar. !' r: .?????'???/? . A:hketins of theNbrthern Horticultural Society - -was -held 'during 'last' .week, Mr'F.Stanfield; president, eccupying the chair; a f ull coinpleincat of members were present. Afterdisousaion it was decided tp hold the;riexfc;'shb'w'at 'a date as near to the'26tk:in8fe'as pbsiible, a Bub-cpinmittee Is'pincf mSnnitif,p*1 -fco flrrATicra the -lfttA. which bas.beeri fixed fpr Friday the 28thi'Special retes of 'thanks were ' :pa8sed ' to i Messrs Briinting'''' .''and' ,Sonk; - arid . '? Messrs Taylbr and .Sangsteri' ' bf Melbburtie',' '? also to Messrs M'Lonnan and Son?, L-aunceaton, for special .prizes given by them. A special vote '.was also accorded to' the National Chrysanthemum ? Society of Englirad for the very hearty reception and cordial; wel; cqrrie accorded to Mrs' Throwerj thd'repre ^'ritative of -the NortHern Horticultural Society' of Tasmania 'at the -'centenary festival 'bf the National Chrysanthemum {Society. : The great1 feature '?? of. tte ' forth coming show will be the exhibition bf rpseS, arid 'a' keen eqmpetition is fully5 pxpeefced for ''the ownership bf; the hBridsoin0:gbld medal offereS. Any perspTl:; wishing 't6 have:sc1iedule3caii bo 'supplied:bn'applica- tibirtb Messrs M'li'piirian prWalkfer,' Bris^ bane- street, pr Messrs Newey'Bi qs./fieorge'- slifeefe1'''.1'-'''.''''--1'' !'!:''' ';;' ::'^ ? !: 'S|The' Iron' Qatea^pf ''the, Danube] which ' litive''^^^' bbe'n'a ;so(|r(ie b£ .dangertp'life ; and property',' arid sin '6bstrnction''Which cotamerco wag17 powerless ,'.' to'; 'suilmpurit, would iit last 'appear-';tb,. be ,doome-l;'']:TUe ; first blasting bperaticmB lib'pk placfe'itt the! 'pre'serice 6f Cabme#_Ministers frbmrAif^tria, ; Hungary, aridlSer'via, and crowds drpeqple, : who'linSd'the banka'df. the noble' river;- Tri: the' interests of South'-Easterri '\Eiirope' iri ? 'gerieral- akd'of Hungary'in particular,' itia ' to be hoped tKe obstruction 'iriay';bb' suc- ;cessfully'remcvei3. ''Thi'importance'of the Danube' :tb'';'coinme'rce''cariii'ot ' be' qve'r- j 'estimafed; arid it 'speaks ' ill' for' ;the ehtef pri'se^'of 'Hungary ! especially ?'-?that11 the famous ' gates have' been, allowed'' tb: ?'exist' 'so' long. ?JSome'' sixty , or severity : ''mile's- 'of.' the1 ?bed' 'of1 ' the ! river ?' will - bq deepened 'and freed of the'rpek's which hoy- 'render ri'avigati6n''almdst'imippssib'le. Ii'is estimated that:th'e'c6st will.be about a niillipri sterling, andl that' the tiirib^o&cu-; pied: will'-be from four to flv'e'yeara. ' As' far backJ'as;the Peace of Paris' iii 1866 it wns deemed important to .clear therlver,' but delay has followed on ' delayi 'until Hungary has at length been induced Jto come boldly forward and. deal with the matter herself. It is quite impossible to gauge the advantages which the disappear ance of the gates will bring. It will open up an illimitable opportunity for develop ing Hungarian commerce, and will, by giving Europe a free .main artery, do 'more for the peace of the world than any amount' of rhetoric on; the part of sove reigns and statesmen as to the 'beauty of good will among peoples. '' '?' '. British authors are threatened with a new American danger 'ten times worse even than unpaid appropriation. ???. Miss M: E. Braddon (Mrs Maxwell) writes as fol lows :— Mr William Caldwell is the alleged editor and proprietor of the New York Mercury. Upon him, therefore, must fall the disgrace of knowingly attributing to ?my pen a book which I never wroto; and which he' knows that I 'never wrote.' He has before now put my name to a story well knowjng-at the: time that T;had. nothing whatever to do :witla that story; I have patiently seen j fifty/ novels -of my writing reprinted in. America -without the' slightest pecuniary advantage i to . ^.me;;-iA-ut v I feel coDHtrainedi to protest ? against a tf rit; ?tejing -.'away oft my^same :- api'a: writer,.!by giTing it stories that I am known not to have written; 'I have just seen in the Ji'ew ?York1 Mercury fpr August' 10, 1 890, 'tie opening chapter's pf ' ' Tiger Head : pr, the Ghost of an Avalanche,'' arpmance of 'love and poril in Switzerland,'1 by Miaa'M. E. Braddon, author of ? Lady Audley's Secret/ 1 Willard's' Weird,' ' Aurora Floyd,' etc.,' and IdiBcover therein the grburidwork'of this mpst atidacipus piracy, which1 X find described in11 these 'wprds ?' by ? the editor arid proprietor, 'of : ? tho '-paper: r^-Miss ;'Briftddpn's Now Story— Those .whp neglect to' read Miss' : Braddpn's now story, commencing in this issue of the Mercury, will1 inies afgreat treat. . It is especially adapted, this1 new' remance, to summer reading. It is shbrt, ' cpveririg pnly-' fbur1 instalments,; and the scenea are amidst snow, avalanches,' and regions of ice. --1- Spmo years ago I' produced at tho Boyal'Alexandra Theatre, : Livorpobl, -a ?melodrama entitled '. Tho ? Missing -Witness,', which met with considerable favour, from a, Liverpopl audience,-, and Would, have' been produced at the Adelphi in London could Mr Edward Saker and I have accopted the terms which Mr Chattcrton offered to .him as actor, and;, to.-., me as 'author.: A: ?- few cppies.ji^pf ? this ? play were printed fpr private ciroulaticn only, and it is doubt less from one of these copies, misappro priated; , .by ... a literary i hack, that.: the groundwork of Mr Caldwall'a ,'!new and original copyright .romance by Miss M. E. Braddon' has been stolen. .The dis honesty , of ; .this, method ;,of. fabricating literature is so glaring an example M the evil caused by the want of ' international copyright that I. feel myself justified in making thin appeal .'to, the .English and American press. , ; ! ??* : ? ?? ???'' ? A NtJMBBB of members of ithe commercial and some of the other departments in con neotion with: the Government ' railways have'received notice of removal to Hobart, and proceed to the capital to take up their duties during the present week. : : ,A .tekbibIiB, story, is reported from America. Four, or five men, arrested for wrecking trains' on tho New York Central Kaijway, have, it is stated, made a full oon f eaa'ori. ? They eay they wera engaged in . plots', fbr', wrecking trains, one; at least bf which succeeded, arid that ;they were enr couraged by;men connected with the huge trade union known as the. ' Knights of Labour,' . the greatest workman's associa tion ,iri . the States. One ef these men, according te - the Daily, News ccr resporident, has fled tp Canada, where, we .fancy, there will be no hesitation about hia Burrender. The men's story requires, of course,'' ^investigation, but.it IB accompanied by details of the attempts which can be tested, and , it has, according to the same: correspondent,' destroyed . all sympathy with the 'Knights of Labour.' There is ? rip , antecedent -(improbability in the tale, crimes bf the kind rather in creasing .than .diminishing ; but it should be.; added,, in justice to: an immense arid unpopular, association,- that it ib imppssible the members,, who number nearly a million, should have inowri any thing, of such plqtij and moist improbable thatthey, will cbndbap them. .If tbe charge, is proved,- the Ame ricana are not likely, to let the law act with its .uaual'extferae slowness. ''.,' ?'?.,? ?? ? The 'Iiondon correspondent of..the. San Francisco ? Ohrofiiclc- writes :i,—~'f Much in dignation is expressed in France over. the fact that Samudop, the so-called iWest: of Africa Mahdi,' whp recently made .a. treaty pf ifriendBhip :with the .English, followed up bypurc'hasing from the British a- large .'quantity 'of guns and cartridges, and there upon, proceeded to attack th'e French.: Net 'withslandinc; his' guns he.got the worst bf the; fight, 'his fayou'rite:couiraander,-Sava3 Pasha,' being killed' in a' i hand to hand 'fight i with. .' a French' lieutenant -of ' Serie galeao , trobp3. ! Samudbo is now 'engaged in ! .rousing the. people .'of the -Western Soudan: for. ah attack on. the :;French. He issatdto.be as peculiar, an individual a3 the original Mahdi, who caused so much, troublo: to ' tho 13ritieh;in .Egypt. Born in the kingdom pf Born a; his mother was a Nu.bianl- slave of an, Arab trader. ? Hia father tbpk good' care of . him, and as ho :grew up he became imbued with the idea that it. whs hia mission tb restore tho eupre .lnacy of the prophet in: Western Africa. The ; King of JBcrriu, npticing that tho young :raan waa ambiticus, prdered him to be deca pitated aa a lessen to other ambitious youths,'/ Samudoo was warned by a friend, said to'have been one of the Sultan's, and fled tp Senegal. There he curbed hia fana ticism under Christian protection until the disturbance in Bornu tempted him to return. ? The 'dissatiaficl element accepted biui as a leader, and he made himself master of the country, displaying no littla iailitary ability; The King of Bornu was one of his urisoners. and Samudoo sat down to his first dinner in the royal palace with the' monarch's head on a plate before him. He is new master pf a cpnsiderable share of WeBt Africa, and the British have been glad to'purchase his friendship. Gabibaldi's widpw 13 abput to contract a marriage with a Dr. Gabriel Tanferna, who is engaged at the Naval Academy in Leghorn. Signora Garibaldi made his acquaintance on the occasion of the illness of her son Manlip, abput twp years agp. Last June, when staying at Maddalena, she was visited ' by Admiral Tabrarii and his wife; and in the presence pf pther visitors, bfilcers, ; and friends, intrbduced Dr. Tari .ferna.as her future husband. The wedding .day isnqt'yet fixed. , If you are raftering with languor, debility pimples, boils, catarrh, ohronio sores, sorofula, .or any: disease ariaiDg, from impnro blood, take Ajer'a Sataapntllla — tho safeit, nnd most .economical of all blood purifiers.. .' . : 'fNo other midicine iii 10 relUble »« Ayar's Cktrry-PeotorivHor : the euro 6{ oougha, coldi, )Bnd aUvderikBgfiniQBti, of the re«plr»tory ergans. at r»li«T(i,tho Mthm»ti8; consumptive, «Y«n, In IdV»uc«'d itsgM of diie»M. ' ' * k ,? . . A oobbebpondent speaks of the pleasure afforded by perusing the interesting .papers published in these columns, entitled 'Bambles amongst the Wild Flowers of Tasmania,' and he expresses the belief that they are calculated to fascinate many into the study oE botany. Ecferring to the -paper that appeared last Saturday, our ?correspondent points out that the writer has fallen into an error in describing the kangaroo apple as poisonous. He says : — ?' I have grown it extensively about my house for the laBt twenty years. Though, like the potato, it belongs to a poisonous family, (Solanacete), the fruit so 'kfar from being poisonous hsa to my knowledge been made into jam. Fowls of all sorts feed greedily on it when ripe; and: the rapid growth of tho shrub and its beauty of leaf, flower, and fruit have led me to cultivate it in every otherwise useless corner.' . , ALTERATIONS to the cages in the City Park have been completed, and a vast im- provement effected in every way. The cages, which may practically be said to be new, are commodious, and six of them have been raised from the ground on high pillars, thus admitting a free current of air underneath. The floors of two of the larger ones are level with the ground, and in these a number of birds have been located. The repaired cages are eight in number, and of these one is set apart for a collection of Tasmanian devils, another is inhabited by a superior looking dingo, a couple of "harmless necessary" badgers are domiciled in a third, while in the fourth may be seen two excellent specimens of the marsupial wolf. Two of the remaining new cages are untenanted, and the larger ones are, as before stated, devoted to birds. The cages are undoubtedly in first-class order, and every facility is afforded to keep them clean and free from obnoxious smells. The curator has procured a spray pump and disinfectant for the purpose of keeping down all disagreeable odours, and at the same time ensuring the good health of the animals. It is understood that another pheasant aviary will be erected at once in another portion of the Park. AN Exton correspondent writes :— The annfel; election of coupcillors for the. 'West- bury municipality,' ; who retire by, the offiuxion of time, take's pla'co: in. the second week 'of December next. .The' retiring councillors wiir ' be the ' Warden ; (Mr D. Burke); and Councillor John BFrench. ' I hear of no opposition to. their return jin fafet, it would be 'ungrateful oh the, part of the'' ratepayers' to put those ? who have served the district so 'well to the trouble and ?expense of a contest.' There will be an ^extraordinary vacancy caused by the resignation of Cduncillor'-'Qeorg'e 'Joy. I. understand; Mr William George Porter, of -Woddville, Exton, has consented to stand, and a 'requisition'. is already in course' of Signature, and will bo presented to him 'in a'.:few days. Mr Porter has been a resi dent'- of ; the district for ' upwards of 35 years; 'and is well known, of independent means,' and strict integrity. It ie quite time that the Exton portion of the district embracing Ormaston, Golden Valley, Early Eises; Brady's Plains, Keedy Marsh, and ?Frankford, should be represented. 'This is a trying period for the ratepayers of this district, and I hope there will be no opposition to the return of the above named candidates, and that the expense of a contest will be avoided. ? Ode Frankford correspondent writes on November 5:— Our local Boad TruBt met to transact business on Saturday last. The principal business was the payment of ??' ? ? -several accounts. ? The trustees have until , sow been in the habit of meeting at Mr ... ,/. 'Durahd'sstore, but they have now received ???-?? .*? ? ? ?''??'''? arrequest from the Frankford Farmers' V ... '?.,.', .Club to meet in-the Club-room, which they. ' '' '?: '???' .willdoin the future.' ' Frankford Facfc?' .has had the good fortune to stir up a con siderable amount of ill-feeling by his letter, .sneering at the way in which our friends .rendered their pieces in the late concert. Let him confine himself to public matters, and no one 'will object, but when friends come forward to kindly render their services gratuitously for a charitable object, criticisms are objectionable. Otherwise I jagree with your correspondent, ' Audi -Alteram Partem,' that there is and has been a greal deal of nonsense written, ?which only causes us to be laughed at. As -an instance, in a late issue of your local contemporary appears an account of a meeting held here re our postal service, in which their' correspondent talks of an 'influential meeting,' etc. There were only twelve persons voted, and altogether the meeting was so poor I did not think it ?worth reporting. I see by the Gazette that ?tenders are called tor a tri- weekly service. An interesting and instructive lecture on 'Strikes' was delivered by Mr Ba3il Archer at Ores3y (writes oar correspon dent) on Thursday Nov. 6, when there was but a moderate audience. Mr Mans ..field Brumby presided, in the unavoidable absence through indisposition of the Bev. J. M. Norman. The chairman, in intro . ducing the lecturer, said it had been stated 'that the strike was at an end, but he : believed it would be months before the ? effects would cease ' to be felt, and he trusted they would never again be affected, . ? ' directly or indirectly, by. such a cause. Mr ?Archer, who on rising was greeted by applause, briefly sketched the principal strikes of the last few years, and then 'dealt in , detail with the recent shipping 1 'atrike in Australia. Bo reviewed the rela ' tions between capital and labour, the causes that led to strikes, the prominent ?-features, of ' the present strike, and ? the effect upon commerce and society -of ? euoh disturbing influences. In conclusion' he said he belie red the cure for strikes would be found when ;:' men not only lived moral and sober lives ? but when they recognised the rights of ?'others; 'and .when capital on the one hand ?-iad labour on the other recognised the fact that, they were necessary to each other ; then would strikes boat an, end. He con cluded an able address by quoting Burns's ' A man's a man for a' that.' At interva's Messrs Cole, Howard, and Morris rendered vocal selections in grand style. Votes of thanks to the lecturer, chairman, and soloists terminated the proceedings. From our Wynyard correspondent we learn that at the local police court on 5th inst., before Messrs A. W. Graham and E. Stutterd, J.'sP., Samuel Emanuel Robin son was charged by Sub-inspector Priestley with vagrancy. It appears the prisoner had been going to various farm .houses at Boat Harbour while the male residents were out in the fields and demanding food, becoming very abusive in some cases. The Bench sentenced him to seven days' imprisonment On November 6, before MesBra A; K. Chap man, S.M;, and A. W. Graham, J.P., a .resident waa fined for obstructing the footpath with goods. — A disputed claim to a £1 note was investigated. Mr Cole, teacher of the State School, was informed on October 22 that a girl named Hayes had lost a JB1 note in the school, and on search being made the note was found in a boy'B hat. The girl Baid she had found the note when coming to school, and Mr Cole having heard. that a Mrs Jackson had lost one that day, handed the bank note to the police. During the evening Mrs Hayes claimed it, stating, she had. given it to her eldest daughter to pay for some things and the daughter had loot it, the younger sister picking it up. ? At the enquiry Mrs Hayes failed- to appear, and the £1 note : was handed over to Mrs Jackson. ? ; ' , .A tECTDBE entitled .' The ruins' pnd .history, of. Babylon: and Nineveh ',- was delivered ? by. Mr- J.; Masters; M.A.,.;at Milton Hall, , on Nov. 7. The. address, which, was illustrated by diagrams, was of a practical nature and interesting from an historical point- of view.' .The.. search, for the lost cities and the remarkable modern discoveries, by excavating,. as well as the history of the place8,were dwelt, with at length, it being .shown how in' many cases the discoveries, filled up details of Scripture history. ? During an interval selections from ''.The Bohemian Girl'' were rendered on the cornet, alto horn, and trombone in excellent . etyle by Mr Q. Harrison, with 'cello accompaniment by Mr Alex. Young and piano accompaniment by Miss Cox. ; The debate which took place in St. James's Hall, London, on the eight-hour question illustrates, says ' the Boston (U.S.) Journal, the divergence ' of view on that subject, which prevails in England.;, The participants in the debate were Mr Hynd lnan, representing Socialists, and . Mr Bradlaugh, speaking for the Radicals. - The debate was held upon the challenge of the Socialists, .who put Mr Hyndman forward to champion a compulsory eight-hour day, enforced by legislation. The challenge was accepted by Mr Bradlaugh, who took tbe negative of the ' proposition. In his very effective . argument Mr Bradlaugh denied that an eight-hour day would be beneficial to all workmen, or that legislation was a practicable way of securing it for them. He affirmed that in the absence of a volun tary agreement between employers .'and their; men upon hours of labour, legisla tion would be inoperative. He presented facts, concerning certain industries in England, on which capital now realises only a fraction over 3 per cent., and contended that the enforcement of an eight-hour system would compel the abandonment of those industries altogether, and would throw out of employ ment the men now engaged in them. He argued . also, that . the : adoption, of the. system, would make .competition with foreign^ manufacturers' who' were 'not hampered by it difficult if not impossible.. On the other band, Mr Hyn'dman used the' experience of the colony of Victoria to com bat Mr Bradlaugh's arguments. What effect the debate may have had upon the minds of the working men who listened to it there is no means of determining. Such a comparison of views by. men so well fitted to present the arguments pro and con as were the disputants in this case cannot fail to do . good, and to serve as a restraint upon hasty action. For that matter, how ever, there is considerable con ver vat ism among English working men upon this question. This waa shown last year, when in response to a canvass made among English trade unions, the vote of the 100,000 or more trade unionists who recorded their opinions was nearly two to one against the eight-hour day, and only one- third of those who voted for the shorter day declared themselves in fa vou of securing it by legislation. Great consternation (states the Home News) has naturally been caused in Granada, and deep regret will be felt throughout the world by the disaster -which has over taken the Alhambra. ' This voluptuous pleasure house for the Moslem Kings,' a3 it has been aptly called, was discovered on the night of September 15 to be on. fire; Flames were first noticed in the upper put of tbe Gallery on the right side of the Arrayanes Couit, and spread rapidly to the Sala de la Barca, better known as the Court of the Myrtles, which has been com pletely destroyed. That the whole of this interesting relic of Moorish art andf archil tecture has not been consumed off the face of the earth is due solely: to the . splendid exertions to save it made by the firemen and the population, including even the women, of Granada. How the conflagra tion arose is uncertain, but it is believed to have been the work of an incendiary. The disposition naturally is to blame the Spanish authorities for not looking more carefully after such a treasure. But no amount of recrimination:. will avail to restore the handsome galleries, with their valuable- and beautiful windows, pillars, and arches which have disappeared before the devouring element. It w to bo hoped the present catastrophe will teach those in charge to: keep a more watchful eyeon that portion of the Alhambra which has fortu nately been saved. ?-.?:? Thk Kev. E. Champion, incumbent of St. John's Church, who has been compelled to obtain several months leave of absence on account of ill-health, delivered a parting sermon at the morning on service Sunday. In his discourse he referred to his approach ing departure, but trusted tho separation would be but temporary, and congratulated : the congregation on the arrangement by which his present coadjutor, the Eev. Mr Bourdillon, would undertake the responsi bilities of the parish in his absence. He considered that the programme arranged left nothing to be desired. It had been a matter of deep regret to him that of late failing health had prevented him from attending as actively to the parish work as he desired, and he had been unable to fulfil many promises as to visiting, etc. In con clusion the incumbent bid an affectionate farewell to the congregation, and prayed for their futuro welfare and happiness. We clip the following comments from the Mercury :— The bottom may very fairly be said to have tumbled out of the Pay-: ment of Members question. As the bill at present stands, it is a barefaced imposture. It gives to the assiduous painstaking; member just as much, and no more; than he who puts in an appearance once every ; few -weeks, and then evidently regards the whole business as a bore. It givea to the country member, who has to neglept his business and travel '? hundreds of miles to look after the business of the country, just a3 much, and no more, than Jthe town man who can give his days to hisown pursuits,' and be at no cost at all 'in attending to 'his j publicduties. It must be admitted that'these things cannot be accurately gauged by rule of thumb, but then it must also be ad mitted that, if giyen as proposed, th»;pay-, ment of '.£100 is no more ';& rSiinbursement j for what a' man is out of pocket by hiB at-: tendance at Parliament than it is an equal; return to every man for what he doea in! his place there.. No principle iB involved: in such a decision at all. It is at the; best a wretched r compromise^ and it is toi bi) hoped the' Council, if it accepts it at all, will put a more sensible face upon it than that it now bearis. At the same time we tmnK ic wouia do oetcer to sneive loioy ins present susBion altogether, and- remit it; straightforwardly to the! electors. That' would' bo decidedly the most honest course. . It isiunderstood that about700 children are \ expected to participate in the, proceedings in connection with the forthcoming fancy dress ball ; to be- given by the Mayor and: Mayoress (Mr and Mrs S. J. Sutton) in the1 new' Pavilion,' City Park, on the evening of Wednesday,: 2Gth inst. .To the parents of; each chilcTaceepting the invitation issued, tickets of admission to the galleries of tbe main hall have been forwarded. These tickets have been issued in five divisions. of GOO each. . The . Mayor has used every en-! deavour to distribute the invitations as1 generally as possible. Any residents, how ever, who consider their claims have been overlooked, will no doubt have the unin tentional omission remedied upon »pplica tion to the Town Clerk. : ; ., . j 'Lonqfobd Notbs' reports .on iMon-! day :— The entertainment in aid of tbe local Debating Club funds, which came off in the Assembly Boom this evening, passed off successfully. The attendance was good, and aaveral items encored, the dialogues especially being very taking. The follow-, ing i- a copy of the programme :— Over- ture Miaaea Jones and I. Brumby, Messrs F. Wachterhauser and Brumby (3) ; glee; ' The village chorister,' Mrs Cartirright, Misses uoaery (t), uiaric, u. wawara!, js. ?Wrlght , ' and I. ? 'TOlmorej Messrs W.| Brumby i'J.'M'Hugo, A. G. Siiokes, and 'W.1 :C. Wright ; sold, Mr M'BTuijo, ' Let me like a soldier fall' ; dialogue, ' The attractive young lady,' Dr. Stevenson, Messrs G. H. Arthur, G. Heritage, and A. Whitfeld ; duet, Misses B. Edwards and I. Wilmore ; solo, ' Come to my heart,' Miss E. Wright; recitation, Mr G. HT. Arthur; solo, Mr M'Carthy ; reading, ' Mark Twain interviewed,' Mr J. M'Mahon. Interval. Pianoforte solo, Miss E. Hutchinson ; solo, ' Gates of the . -west,' Mrs M'Hugo ; dialogue, ' The two ' Pnddifoots/' . Messr3 E. Chandler, E. Gould, anJ W. Taylor; solo, 'Kemember me no more,'' Miss E. Murnane ; glee, ' Angels that around xis hover' ; solo, ' A warrior bold,' Mr G. Archer ;' reading, Mr G. Heritage ; National Anthem. — The Primitive Me thodist Sabbath-school children's treat was held on the show ground to-day, but the high wind and dusb made it rather un pleasant for. the juveniles during the morning; in the afternoon there was a slight improvement. The public tea was also held in the Pavilion at five o'clock, and was fairly well patronised. ;. . . ' . A lab named James Swan, 10 years of age, whose parents reside at Violet Town; Victoria, has died under unusual circumr stances at the Wangaratta Hospital. Earlv in September last the deceased smoked a largenumber of rootlets of trees.his Iip3 and mouth afterwards swelling considerably. He waa taken to the Hospital on the 26th of : the' month, where he remained until death, swelling haying ensued, in hia limbs.- It is supposed by 'the medical officers that the roof of tho boy's mouth became blistered while smoking-; and the moisture contained in the roots entering his system: brought on blood poisoning. 1 The last of the nine divisions of the ' Statistics of the colony of Tasmania' for 1889 has been completed, and this useful work of reference is now issued in a com plete form. ' Tho Government Statistician, Mr E. M. Johnston, is noted for his ability in compressing a large amount of informa tion into a small 'compass; but so much hew1 or fuller statistics are comprised in the volume 'for last year that its bulk ex ceeds that) 0M888 by 28 pages, there being 407 p*g9##«xclusivo of tfi» W 1«*t*j at tho end devoted to the statistical summary for' Tasmania from 1816 to date, and to com parative tables of Australasian statistics. It is a volume that is always welcome, and we must compliment our Government Statistician upon the. care with which, in practical use, we have always found it compiled. . : AHaqley correspondent informs us that the Eed Hill Assembly terminated a very successful season by a plain and fancy dress ball on November 5. The hall was taste fully decorated with ferns and flowers, and a luxurious supper was provided, which re flected great credit on the ladies who pre sided over the arrangements. The music : was under the conductorship of Mr Scott, and Messrs E. and J. Boucher deserve' special mention for their discharge of tho duties of ' hon. secretaries during the ?eason. ? Oub Lyniington correspondent writes on Novembor 10: — Littlo of importance has occurred since my last, excepting another fashionable wedding,the contractingparties being MrW. A. Copper and Miss Rosa Eelea. The. ceremony was. performed by the Eev. H. D.' Atkinson, of Evandale, at tho English' church, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion. : The bride. and bridegroom : left the next day for Mr CoDper'iresidencs at Springfield, and carry the good, wishes : of all withthem.. ' We are at; last to have; .our:now school,, that is if there is'no hitchi between ..'the sum granted and the tendera.' Some of the farmers had given up the barley sowing through wet 1 weather, and will have to let the ground stand for! fallow. , The glass ball shooting match, which was to have taken 'place last Satur-i day week, was postponed on account of. the' death of ;Mr'P; Cameron.'! , ,1. '..'.' '; ' A young man named Frank Gorham:wasi killed near Irish : Town, Duck: Ei ver, on ; the Gthinst... ? by a. tree, ; he had just felled for; splitting. timber on the side of a .steep hill, amidst, dense, scrub,; !JChe; tree Rebounded and the butt struck Gorhauv on 'the head, smashing. ,:. his skull to pieces. He.was..i;ound shortly, afterw-arda by'.Miis mate, who was working'.a short distance away. The deceasud^ was 1 , a hard working steady, young, man, son, of- Mr' Marian Gorbam. :He. waa a member of tho O'ddfellow3.' Lodge;at Stanley,. and ,his life: was insured. . '?/'?'., . ,..'-, .';'?'.)',:' '\\\ , . Okk of the rarest and most curious binds of tea that has been imported into England 'in modern times was offered by auction in: Mincing Lane on: September 23- ' when a smallparcel of three:boxes Ceylon, weigh 'ing only 51b each,,' very, showy, and de scribed as 'choiciat golden-tipped flowery. Pekoe,' fetched , the. aatonishingly'V high price of 'iBl.103 ,6d:per pound, or' nearly ls: lid per ounce ! The estate, or, garden in' Ceylon . where the-, aaid tea was grown is named ' Hethersett.' ' j At the East Devonpprt' Police Court on 7th inst., before Messrs P. C. Maxwell; P.M., and W. Aikenhead, J.P;, Annie C. Carr, Kate Splane,. and William and Ellen Fordham ^man and wife) were committed1 for trial at the .next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court at Launceaton, on a charge of stealing various articles of cloth ing, the property of Mrs James Hyde.- Bail was allowed, and was ^forthcoming in the' ca.se of 'Fordham and his wife. — Frederick: George Henderson waa charged with em bezzling two cheques for 3& 6a 3d: r and .£39 7s Gd, the property of his employers, Messra T. Edginton and Co.,'* of West Devonpsrt. ? As the; accused had been con fined to kis house through illness since his arrest on October 27, and was still in deli cate health, the case was remanded till Thursday, bail being allowed and found. It was stated there, were . nineteen . other charges against the- accused, who fainted at the conclusion of tho .proceedings, and had to be aaeiated into a private room., 'A novel telephone experiment was made in Birmingham on September 28. Christ Church, New-street, was connected with the telephone; exchange, and. the service was heard in London, Manchester, Burton, Derby, Hanley, Coventry, and many: other places. : Transmitters; were .'fixed on; the pulpit, the lectern, and the; choir stalls, and the singing and the sermon were heard distinctly. The intonation of the prayera, however, wa3not so audible, but this arose probably from, the fact that the officient was not within voice reach of the trans mitter. The manager of the .Telephone Company was responsible for the innova tion, but the vicar. Canon Wilcox, on being applied to readily consented to the experi ment being made. During the week several visitors to the church, including some clergymen, condemned the. introduction of the telephone as an encouragement of idleness and as a desecration, and one cleric waited upon the manager of the Company and implored him to forego his idea. At each of the servioes the vioar appealed to those absent in body, but present in spirit, for subscriptions in aid of the 'ctibir and organ fundi; '? I ;*\ ' .; : .', Th's -New Zealand ' revenue for the quarter ended September 'amounted to £821,000, being a. decrease of :.£17,00O as compared with the; same period in 1889. Stamps sb'dw an'increase of .£700O,; railways JBIOOO, and miscellaneous 1 .£1000. The Custom3 revenue has decreased iil9,O00j postal and telegraph ^64000, and registra tion . £3000, The territorial revenue, in cluding depasturing licenses,. has increased £2000, while; revenue derived from sales of Crown lands shows an increase of X33,O00 The following non- commissioned officers who.attended the recent class of instruc tion at Hobart were successful in obtaining certificates' .?—^Colour-Sergeant John Miles, Tamar Company, '.extra certificate; Ser geant Phillips and Corporal H. Murray, Devon -.Company,', the former .certificate, and the latter extra certificate 3 Corporal Dunham, Meander Company, certificate j Corporal T. B'jbinson, Esk Company, cor tificate; Sergeant Banks and Corporal CouMel, Dorset Company, oertificatos; Channel Company, ;certificatos ; CorporaT F. Holdcroft,' South Channel Company., certificate; Sergeant, G. Clark, Wellington Company, certificate ; Sergeant T. Wellard, West Devon, extra certificate ; Sergeant E. Linnell, Huon Company, extra certificate $ . Sergeant Spring and Corporal Finlayson, . extra certificates, and Lance-Corporal Buckstone, certificate, all of the Mersey; Lance-Corporal G. Brown, Midland Com pany, certificate. The names of the suc cessful commissioned officers will ? published in the Gazette in due course. Otra Carrick correspondent reports that on Saturday evening last some evil dis posed person or persons burnt down the whole of the stop butts, mantlet, eto., of the Carrick rifle butts, leaving th« iron targets only standing. This will cost the Club to replace from £6 to £10, and what makes it more annoying is that the Club were going to fire on Monday noxt for Cap tain Archer's trophy. ' ', ? ..',.' Oub Campbell Town correspondent writes on November 11 :—''A fatal accident occurred here on Sunday afternoon last to a son of Mr E. Kichavdson. It appears the boy, whose age is about II years, was play ing about, when he was obseived'to fall, and on being picked up life was found' to be extinct. ' I understand' that no iriquest.iB considered necessary, . the little fellow having been ailing for some time past.— A man nanud Joseph Haslam,' a very 'old 'repident of. the. district, died' suddenly th'i's , morning at Morningside,' on tK« Macquaria. The' deceased ' had heart disease, and 'the doctor having certified to that effect, no enquiry will take place.' : : , '??' - --'? # A' sale of gifts took place in St. Mark's new Sunday- schoolroom, Delbraine, .'in 'Monday, the articles consisting of 'sundries left ' f roin the bazaar on ' E*9ter 'Monday last. A fish pond near the door appeared to be the principal attraction, a large nuiri bor of Jfish of various sizes and 'descrip tions being' caught, the baits , being'all pnW size, viz., 3d. A burlesque art. gallery; was in the class-room.' A su.ll for1 the saie'bf goods occupied the centre of the' room', 'and a refreshment stall' the opposite 'corner; to the fish potidi ' The whole wers conduiite)! by ladies. .'The receipts amounted to' a little ;oyer;£l_2. ' . ' ' ;;' ' '? '-:''\: '? , Th'b /Premier of New Zealand has issued an address to his constituents in the nature of a Government manifesto, and itisi'very long and ' carefully . ; prepared' document. Sir Jtlarry Atkinson expresses an 'opinion that the finances of the colony are now wpll under cohtrolj'an'd anticipates that, the colony can dispense with outside borrowing for, some time to pome, and can without jkndua '.pre'ssiire provide for.all its legiti mate requirementa.' Settlement on ' tb'e land is progressing steadily, the total area disposed of from1 October,' 1888, to March, 1890, being7 over a : million acres. With regard ; to Parliament he thinks it neces sary to apply the closure, 'as at present a' few persons can ssriouely retard the' work : of tho Houso. ? Withv the exercise of tho most rigid ?conomy,. lie thinks that' the colony can pay its way, and that the result will astonish many.:: He ?atimates the value of the incomes of the people in the colony for the last year at £31,500,000, and the value of the produce for the same period at £23,600,000. He estimates the gain in' wealth of the colony ' at £4.400,000, after providing for all neces sary payments, the cost of liviag, etc. He doea not anticipate that he will be abla to niako any further reduction in the cost of the Government services. It will be neces sary to purchase blocks of native land .in the : North Island for the extension:: of settlement, and he think* that the money required could- be -.borrowed in the oolony at the rate of £50,000 a year for, «om« time to dome. ? As to -taxation, he: is fin favour of a property-tax - as .against a land tax, or a land and income tax, which he considers would not produce as mush as a property tax by between £100,000 and £140,000. The new Parliament, he : says, -will no doubt deal with the question. Alluding to the strike, he expresses him self in favour' of the unions. In conclusion he says — ' With ' reliance upon our. re sources and upon ourselves, prudence in our finance, and faith in our ultimate destiny, I am convinced that our temporary difficulties will disappear, and that this fair land will become the home of millions i of happy, thriving people, who will emulate* the successes but not the miseries of the great country from' which we have sprung.' Baron Lutz, who died of heart disease on September, 8, after a. long and painful illness., was, : writes a Berlin correspon dent, in many ways a remarkable figure in German politics. He had been for many ypara the..Prime Minister of Bavaria, and only resigned at the end of last May. . His retirement did not inaugurate a change in Bavarian policy, as the Ultramontane party hoped. His withdrawal from public life was only caused by the illness_ which haB at length proved fatal. In him not only Bavaria, but all Germany, loses one of her moBt eminent statesmen . and patriots. He was a faithful assistant' to Prince Bismarck inhis Unionist policy, and made it his chief duty to reconcile' the interests of Bavaria with those of the Empire. His reforms in education and in the administration of justice will secure him undying remerubranco in the annals of Bavaria, though they rendered him.veiy unpopular with; the Clerical party. Baron Lutz was the confidant of the late unhappy King Ludwig, who made him Minister- of Justice in 1866 and Premier in 1880. ?'? It was chiefly due to his brilliant eloquence that the Bavarian Parliament sanctioned the. treaties which made Bavaria a part of the German Empire in 1871. Baron Lutz, Who was not a nobleman, died- at the compara tively early age of 63, ' . '.'?'.,, . '. . ?...' , PlAHorOBTJB, organs, harmoniums, oomeU, HoUds,' etoj, . eto. Tlma payment or duoojiot for oaet — WAioaBBOa. AJJD BttOJUiiv' \: 