THE GREAT DAY OF WRATH. For the great day of His wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand '"'—REVELATION VI. 17. - We usually read consecutively at our family worship, and the portion that came in order last night was Revelation vi. As we read, the above Scripture fell with unusual weight and solemnity upon my heart, and the words came to me again in the night watches. Perhaps a few profitable hints may be gathered up rom what passed through my mind at the time. We will begm by endeavouring to find out from the Word of infallible truth who shall not be able to stand. This may clear the way a little, and I hope we shall then discover who—and who only—shall be able to stand. First, then, the ungodly, the wicked, the profane, the atheist, the Popish idolater, the Christ-denier, the whoremonger, the adulterer, the self- righteous hypocrite, and all liars, shall not be able to stand. The ' sword of the Spirit' cuts off all these with a single stroke of its keen-edged blade—' The ungodly shall not stand ia the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous " (Psa. i. 5). Now we shall have to do with the solemn inquiry, Who shall be able to stand?' A question of more tremendous importance was never propounded to an immortal soul. A mistake on this momentous point, if not corrected in this life, will be fatal, irremediable. The annals of eternity cannot point to one more awful. We must begin at the beginning. We can go back no further than this—' Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to His own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began' (2 Tim. i. 9). This is God's work, a work that was done before proud man was created, so that man's good works had nothing whatever to do with his salvation, for these were saved before the world began. The characters indicated by the little word ' us ' are called by the Good Shepherd Hi3 ' sheep.' And He says,' I lay down My life for the sheep;' and, further,' They shall never perish.' Now, if the dear Redeemer laid dojvn His life for these 'sheep,' and if he has determined that they shall never perish, then these, and these only, must be the characters who ' shall be able to stand' when the g*eat day of His wrath is come. But, during their time-state, these individuals are distinguished from a world lying in wickedness by certain marks and characteristics ; as a shepherd puts a mark upon his sheep, by which mark he knows them to be his own. And it just now occurs to me that I never once in my life saw a goat marked in the same manner. So the sheep of Christ are marked by the finger oE the Holy Ghost. And, to drop the figure, it is by these marks and characteristics we recognise them as those whom the Lord hath set apart for Himself. ' Every good tree bringeth forth good fruit.' Let us notice a few of these marks. We scarcely need look for them among the great, the learned, and the noble. We find little in the Word of God, and less in the pages of history, to encourage us for kings or conquerors. ' Not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called ; but God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise, and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty ; and base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are ; that no flesh should glory in His presence." This is the verdict of eternal truth. So, however humbling it may be to some, we must search for these marks in a very low grade indeed, according to man's judgment of these things. We shall not find many followers of the despised Nazarene among the idolatrous fooleries of Ritualism, the revelries of Salvationism, or the Satanic errors of the countless isms which swarm around us on every hand. No ; we must plod the lower walks of life ; we must find out the hidden ones ; the sons of toilthe poor and the needy ; the RUTH LINDSAYS ; the afflicted ; the tossed with tempest, and not comforted. But have-nothing to do with the selfsufficient souls who can ' always rejoice/ and who find it so easy to ' believe and be happy.' It won't ' bear out.' I have seen them when face to face with death! God grant that I may never witness such a sight again. But rejoice when you find a poor trembler who cannot say a good word for himself; who mourns under the burdens of his sins, and longs for deliverance. One who would admire and value a single smile from the sinner's Friend more than ail the pious rubbish, the music, the frippery, the entertainments, and the unhallowed excitement of modern religiousness, which thousands so delight in, as they hurry down the broad road to eternal ruin. Oh, poor mourner I thank God for what He has taught you of yourself. ' There is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again.' Hope on, poor soul, and take this for your comfort: ' The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear Him, in those that hope in His mercy' (Psalm cxlvii. 11). I have travelled the same path as yourself for nearly fifty years, and I tell you, with an honest heart, that I would not barter the blessed hope that underlies my unumbered soul troubles for aj, the pleasures, riches, honours, and delights which a thousand worlds like this could bestow, through twice ten thousand years. ' Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.' Hallelujah ! I think we have now arrived at something almost amounting to a certainty as to who the characters are 'who shall be able to stand' when 'the great day of His wrath is come.' They are His ' sheep'; the Father's gift, the Son's purchase. By nature they were the children of wrath, even as others. But they were loved with an everlasting love, redeemed from sin, death, and hell, with His own most precious blood ; and regenerated, born again, of the Holy Ghost, when the predestined time waB come. They were kept through all their wanderings here by the mighty power of His love and grace ; and at length they will all be safely gathered home to His own eternal kingdom in glory, where they shall see His face, shall grieve Him no more by their sins, but shall rejoice in His unclouded smile, and drink full draughts of His love, through endless ages of perfect bliss. While here, like their dear Lord and Master, they are often despised and hated of men. For the most part, they have to grapple with poverty, perplexity, affliction, and sorrow, and not unfrequently have to travel much alone and in the dark, through foes without and fears within. Yet, notwithstanding all their doubts, conflicts and misgivings, their Faithful and Almighty Friend is ever near to strengthen, to comfort, and to save. Are n-e among that happy number ? Scarborough. W. S. ROBINSON. (FROM THE Gospel Magazine.) 