A LEGEND OF "HAUNTED" GUILT. (By William Sylvester Walker.) AT7NTED Gully was ^haunted no longer. The two original prospectors who had named the place had been absorbed, and almost forgotten in the concourse of diggers, whose new log huts, claims, and constantly agitated windlasses bespoke the eviction of the genus loci, which was popularly supposed to brood over the buried gold of this deep and densely-wooded ravine. French Billy had explained the early existing error attached to the locality, and I confess that the hitherto secluded spot was rifled of its charms as he did so. " You see/' said he, with much excitement, "those two fellows work like niggers, two-tree-week, when they go to the township and drink cognac, plenty too much—then come hack in the night, fall down, roll down the gully, lose their swags—then they say the place is hanted—ghosts take away then things. Sacrel they get drunk, that's *"'• . Considering that Billy, on his lirst pilotage of myself to the Gully, had pointed out a swag reposing against a tree, half way down one of the sides of the great rift, where it had apparently been brought to a sudden stop in its downward career, and reflecting also that we discovered that same afternoon a new tin billy, a small bag of flour, and a pick-handle, at various points, and that when after infinite pains we had carried these articles and our own tools to the prospector's hut, half way up the other side of the ravine, we had been received with smiles and unlimited offers of battle-axe, I came to the conclusion that Billy was right. As to the prospectors, they didn't care. They were on good gold, and had probably spread the report of ghostly thieves to scare away intruders. But sticking so constantly to .the same place was against them. They were watched and ^the new rush began, headed by ourselves. It was not long before our party of five had run up a substantial log hut, and were living in clover, retiring to rest in our bunks at night literally tired out, and—oh, delightful life—dreaming of unearthing the largest nugget ever heard of. With the exception of never knowing [Jwhat Jemmy, our new chum partner, ilwould be up to next, our lines had indeed chanced upon pleasant places, and when the pudding machine was finished we considered that we should he able to make plenty of tribute money, even if our own claim turned out to be a duffer. It was no sinecure, this looking after Jemmy. You . couldn't trust him to work for more than ten minutes at a time without flinging down his shovel and rushing oil" like a maniac to wash a prospect. He had already set tire to the hut, and had demolished a valuable 'possum rug in his ertorts to put it out .again. He had boiled all the horn handles off our knives and forks, and had got bushed nine times, when all hands had to turn out with bottle-lanterns to find him. Our Sundays were generally quiet, sometimes varied by a long prospecting walk with some experienced digger, who would read gold-sign in the rain runlets like a book, and beguile the way with divers stories of digging life, and the evening generally saw our party, seated in conclave, sometimes reading, soriietimes singing, but always ready to rush into the all-absorbing topic—gold-finding, at the slightest hint from any one. It was on these occasions that our sanctum would be invaded by diggers, with specimens— nuggets, crystallised quartz, garnets, and zircons. Once I remember seeing two sapphires that hacl been picked out of the tailings from the cradles, but we did not then know the value, or even the identity of many of the stones—all hands would gather round, and minutely examine them, and yarns would be spun of old days—Bendigo and Walhalla old days, until we felt refreshed and satisfied. At other times our Sundays would he uneventful until "Sauerkraut" dropped in to enliven them. Of course, Sauerkraut was not his real name. No one ever owned up to a real name on the diggings " Bill the Fainter," "Jack the Butcher," or hill Jem," were good enough for us. We always answered to them. I daresay some of us forgot occasionally both christian aud surname, or only surmised, in a sort of half-doubting wonderment that wo had once owned such a title, together with a silk hat and a pair of gloves, in a distant and far-off existence, as it were. Hans Haupinann was the name given by his godfather and godmother to the individual in question, but French Billy had rechristened him, under the influence of Martell's brandy, and the cognomen had adhered like stickingplaster. Wiih all.his quaint, foreign ways, ■Sauerkraut was beloved in Haunted Gully. No one could look upon his friendly, honest Teutonic face, beaming upon everyone, without feeling a thrill of interest in the man himself. He had only one fault, lie was a victim to deepsinking—not gold-mining though he had experienceda plethora of that also but be was given to sudden spasmodic outbursts of hard drinking. "It tout matter boys," he would say, when remonstrated with by his friends, who had pu'lnl liiui through a sharp alcoholic attack. "It dont matter, £ haf none left in de vorldt to care for me, and mem leetle fraulein she is ted, and the grass grow.green above her grave in de Liebenwalde, I see mine fault as well as you, but it tont matter." Sauerkraut had worked his claim with varying success, always hutting, or in other words, living alone. Good luck invariably ended in a carouse, and he would emerge from a bout as one who had come back from the dead. He had, when debarred from our society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from the former he could evoke such sweet and solemn strains, that his solitude was solitude no longer, and many a digger, passing his rude hut on the hillside after nightfall would pause and listen, and perchance remarking to himself, with bated breath, that " Sauerkraut was on the picolo again," stroll on in meditative mood. The other friend was a rough but sympathetic dog, named Schneider. As we turned away one night and descended the zigzag track down the gully the strains of the resuscitated man's flute stole gently on our ears and senses, the air, that sweet, pathetic, Americaa melody,— Way down upon de Swanr.ee riber. Happy was I. seeming to incorporate itself with the rustling of the leaves and the chirp of the tree crickets and to harmonise with the twinkling stars and the perfumed summer evening until it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled and reckless license of an Australian digging camp. Apprehending no evil consequences we had left a bottle of three star Hennessy for him to taper on, for Sauerkraut was not a constant toper, and once thoroughly recovered he would not touch the fatal beverage for months together. When able to shoulder pick and shovel he always worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sundays, his eye bright and his skin clear. Even Schneider was a different dog oil these occasions, and dictated and wrote out volumes of cauiue affection on the door with his tail. The only apprehension which seem to exist in Schneider's mind—for there is no doubt he possessed one—was brought into play by the sight of a bottle. Then he shrank apparently into his shaggy skin, and became more like a door-mat than a dog. A gleam of great pity crept into his eyes, and his tail lay motionless beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched a dram, after the first hospitable offer we never sought to tempt him. He was very grateful to us, and by desire would produce his flute and while away the time delightfully. From time to time as the months and weeks rolled oil he would drop in casually, leaving sometimes a present of wild honey fresh in the comb, at others, a wallaby or a brace of wild duck. About three months after the occasion to which I have alluded Sauerkraut disappeared, and it was conjectured t hat his wandering habits had prevailed upon him to leave the camp and prospect in sonic remote locality. Conjecture gave place to certainty after a visit to his hut, where it was discovered that he had taken his gun" pick, shovel, and swag, leaving a note tacked to the door containing the following information in his well-known German characters :— Boys.—I have gone to prospect the Cleveland Ranges and don't reckon to be back for a fortnight. The only way to these ranges lay through almost impenetrable ti-iree scrub, so thick that a track must be cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to give one even room to crawl on all-fours through it. But as we knew the traveller would not have to strike on to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journey from Haunted Gully, so we felt anxious no longer, and soon grew accustomed to the absence of our friend. One evening, as we were sitting in cheery confabulation, however, we were startled by the sudden appearance of Schneider. Never before or since has there been such a dog. He was footsore, half blind, draggled, torn, and bleeding. Finding that Sauerkraut did not turn up with him, as we expected, we became alarmed, the more so, as the poor animal appeared strangely excited, occasionally giving a low, moaning whine, and then a series of short, quick barks. We fed him. and he devoured the food ravenously. Then he drank eagerly, but every now and then rushed to the door, and finally conducted himself in such an outrageous fashion that we concluded that some accident had happened to his master; so getting our bottle lanterns we let liitn out, late as it was, and followed liini. , From our log cabin he went to his master's abode. Once there, with more than canine- sagacity, l>e howled and rushed forward on the tr ack leading away from it. Then dashing back and barking, he plainly showed us that we were to follow. We emerged from the gullies, pitfalls, and waterfalls of the long dark hourson to a small plain. Before us, kissed by the sun, lay the Cleveland Ranges some ten miles ok At the end of the plain, ti-tree scrub 1 ose like a solid wall, stretching away side ways aud ahead, as far as the eye could reach. The mist was rolling away in phantom columns, and we knew that the work before us was no child's play. Schneider went straight to tire ti-tree. For the next six miles we struggled through a track freshlv crrt in the scrub, in some places having to crawl for long distances; but at length getting through, stiff", cramped, bruised, and utterly exhausted, we came to the watershed of a lovely creek, fringed with flowering eucalypti, ablaze with gorgeous parrots. The dog took us to a rude bark gunyah. Inside lay Sauerkraut dead—a shot wound in his breast. In the stiffened fingers of his left hand was his pocket-book open where these lines were pencilled :—" I have accident mit my gun. I fall—she shoot me. In the creek look. It is ruby tin —there is thousands." Here the writing broke off. Death had claimed his victim. And within, twenty yards of the corpse, the gleaming, laughing waters wantoned over the very richest stream tin yet discovered under this Southern Gross. What Sauerkraut had found, and perished in finding, proved to be a mine of wealth to hundreds of diggers and speculators, and on the spot, where he died, a granite column, surrounded by an iron railing, bears the incription :— HANTS HAUPTMANN, Pbemier Pioneer and Founder oe cleveland. township. It is needless to say that we took care of Schneider, but a settled melan f choly pervaded his being, and he became a changed dog, and one morning, on , going out of the hut., I found him pulseless, cold, and stiff in the early sunrays. He had been faithful unto death. 