Wesleyan Sabbath. School. | THE annual picnic of thia Sabbath school was ¡ held on Monday at South Lismore, immediately opposite the Market Reserve. Marquees were extemporised, and abundant provision made to regale the children and thoir parents. The usual games and amusements were entored into until the time arrived for dispersing homewards. On Tuesday evening the annual public meet ing in connection with the school took place in the church. A large number of the school children assembled, and about 150 parents and friends of the children. The proceedings began by sluging the well-known hymn, *' All hiiil the power of Jesus' name," after which the Rev. A. Cooper engaged in prayer. The children, assisted by part of the church choir, then sang, " We'll siug our song of Jubilee," which was very nicely rendered. ; The Ruv. G. A. REEVE,'in calling Mr. James Richardson to the chair, said he had borne the heat and burden of tho day during the. psst 18 mouths, and therefore the honor, of. being chair man in this gathering was duo to him. '':'.> Mr. RIOHAUDSON said the honor was enexpec ted. Had he his choice ho Would rather have remainnd iu obse.utifcy. _^, That it had been con ferred upon him was. perhaps more "due to the' position he hold BB superintendent of the school than to any personal merit. . Tho audi ence had not come to listen to a long sermon to-night, rather to the entoitainmout to be given by the children. He, therefore; would be brief in his remarks. To his-mind the work among tho youn« was tho most important of all Church work. We all believed that little ehil dten who knew not yet right from wrong" if taken from us by death entered tho Heavenly home. The question, therefore, naturally would arise in the minds of many, Where is tho divid ing line between the two states, the formor and the time when tho child cannot enter Heaven unless converted? - They who were best able to tell us said when the child bogan to turn away from hearing about Christ, when going to Sun day school or Church nod bible reading bocaine distasteful to them. Homo life should be such that the influence of the parent's life and teach ing would prevent such a time ever coming. When the chango termed con version was nnedod parents should watch when the first untruth had been spoken, when tho first ill-toinperod words wero uttered, so as to correct and check these outcomings nf the evil nature which by birth wo all possessed.' Ho wished to seo more ens^s such as Mr. Reeve had spoken of in past times, men who could fix no definite time us to when they wero converted. But he feared that in many of tho homes the exumplo failed, prayer being au unknown practice, and henceforth no religions influences wero brought tu bonr upon the children. . He would request those who were one with him in heart to bring their in fluence to bear upon such as wore indiffèrent, so that inn ny more of the parents miyht wield a holy influence upon thoir children. Ho would advise parents also to supply their children with lively, healthful literature, and to induce them if possible to exercise much in einging, and thus do all thut lay in their power to prevent the chil dren ovfer todepartfrnm Christ, their living head. The children then sang the hymn "Growing together wheat and tares," after which the Secre tary's report was road by the Chairman (that officer, Slr. S. Cottee! being unable to be present), as follows :-Register of uttondance for the half-year ending 30th September. Total attendance for' the quarter ending 30th June was 754, average 02 ; quarter ending 30th Sep tember,, attendance 865, average 72, being 111 more than the first part of the half your, while, the increase of scholars was only eight, tho lowest' attendance for any Sunday was 35, that being a wet day, and tho largest 86. Tho num bers on the roll aro : Attendance for half-year ending 30th September, girls CO, boys 77, total 137\. girls 887, boys 732, total 1G10. average at tendance, girls 37, boys 30, totul 67. Teachers on roll 14, average attendance 9. The report is based, ou the last half-year, the former having been greatly broken through the wet weather. A solo was then given by Miss Grace Simpson, a recitation by Master Stanley Read, which was received with great applause, a hymn *'Praise tho Lord," sang by the children, was also re ceived with delight. Rev. A. OOOPKH, addressing tho audience, said the church of to-day, with all its organisa tions, had a groat deal bf machinery at work, but it lacked power. It was possible to have a big machine, with tho necessary power to drive it, in a word perfect, running to no purpose, wearing itself out without accomplishing any thing. ' There was groat danger of the church similarly wearing itself out in running the machinery aimlessly. What they needed was, as ono had called it, moro ' Holy Ghost power,' especially BO in the Sunday School. The life of any man oould not be judged by his words, but by his deeds. Men. of genuine Christian character were needed in church and school to day. The children in a few years hence might not remember a word the teacher had said, but they could never forget the teacher himself, if ho had borne a true Christian character. ; On Sunday last ho hud the . pleasure of uxamining the children, and had been pleasantly sur prised by tho ready answers given, especially by the upper classes. One feature he had missed, viz., tho catechism, he believed it was well that everybody should have a good mental concep tion of the fundamental truth of the Christian religion, to this end the catechism was very useful. He wished tho school ovory success duriug-the coining year. Recitations followed by Miss Alice Boodling, Miss. Catherine Vardy, a solo by Miss Hunt, recitation by Miss Sarah Crooroft, a hymn by tho children, recitations by Miss Florence Sexton and Miss Wotherspoon, all of which wore listened to with pleasure. A solo by Miss Lambert was next given. Rev. G. A. REEVE then mada n few remarks, he said he was not sorry that he wus lust, but rather that the time was so far advanced, ho would in consequence be short. Of all Christian work he loved tho work among the young best, did ho not believe himself called to tho ministry ho would gladly take up the work among tho children'again, as ho hud done in former years. His prayers and sympathy wore constantly with them, and he had made , an effort to address tho sohool at least once a quarter. They belonged to a great army, there wore two million teachers and niue million Sunday school scholars in the world. He also siiggosted varions improvements to the school. Ho felt gratified to seo so large a number of purants and friends present, and he hoped a still larger number would be present in twelve months' time. ; ..'.,.' The proceedings wore brought to a close with the anthem " Jerusalem my glorious home," sung by. the choir. REV..R. INGLIS.-Tho. many friends of Rev. R. Inglis will bo pleased to learn that ho bas re ceived a call to Kogarah, on tho South Coast line, abd will, we understand, accept it, so that there is a prospect if his early settlement. Since leaving Lismore Mr. Inglis ? has been at Hamilton and Kogarah, and we hoar hus been ohoson by tho people of tho lattor placo from among a considerable number of those who have been preaching in that charge, or who had signi fie! their willingness to accept a oall if presented. Kogarah is a railway station on the Illawarra line, _ distant 7 miles from Sydney. At last meeting of the Svdney Presbytery it wns moved, -" That the Kogarah call be austainod and placed in the hands of the Rev. Robert Inglis, and that tho Kogarah congregation be urged to uso thoir best endeavors to próvido a manso for the minister of the charge at as early a date as Eossible." The matter was placed in Mr. Inglis' ands, and he was allowed ¿ month to consider it. ' 