STRAY NOTES. + By Diogenes. " The devil is riot so black as he's painted " is a trite saying. There is no man so debased but has some redeeming traits. The hopeless and confirmed drunkard between his cups has a tender and human heart. The reckless gambler, when excitement is past is often moved by purest sym pathies of which humanity is capable. A fortnight ago a prisoner in Queens land saved the life of the constable who had him under arrest ; and last week the same man (Matthew Lay tin) saved the life of a boy who had fallen off a raft at Eockhampton. Arrested pn a charge of false pretences he repre sented the weakest form of humanity, but surely the impulse which prompted him to lift his drowning captor from a watery grave was the noblest of which our common humanity is capable, it is " the one touch of nature which makes the whole world a-kin." It is said that when a party of com mercial travellers left Fernmount recently they were accompanied by a pig. This intelligent animal actually followed the party with all the per severance and attachment generally ascribed to a nobler animal. What the attraction was, or how power was exercised to control this usually un sympathetic animal, I have as yet been unable to discover. That there are countries which recognise the use and intelligence of this animal is beyond dispute ; but, so far as I have seen, piggy is treated with great indif ference in this country, He is not allowed to board with the family, and is not expected to pay the rent, in fact he is looked upon as outside the pale altogether. It is not kind to him as a fellow being, and it may be that this animal, touched by the loneliness of his position, yearned for sympathy of a higher and nobler character. It may have been that in the persons of some of those gentlemen he instinct ively recognised a friend; but whatever the attraction or relationship lam told that he followed their lead until foot sore he was taken up into the buggy and made one of the company. A just reward for so true a nature. It is a custom with many pious beings with a devotional turn to keep prominently before them striking em blems as reminders of the great un known land. Sarah Bernhardt, the great actress, is said to keep a hand some furnished coffin ready for use and as a constant reminder of the end of all things, and history and fiction have given us many similar instances. But such an acquisition to one's household effects is not always iu accordance with individual taste ; hence there is usually a delicacy as to the introduction of such a subject by those outside of the range of intimate relationship. Last week a young man named Eyan, at Albury, with an ex ceptional and unusual interest in a friendly police constable, actually ordered for his immediate use no less, than three coffins. In this instance the recipient of so much kindness was taken somewhat by surprise at the preparations so thoughtfully made for his retirement from the sphere of his activity. The undertakers, too, were not prepared to dispose of a living constable in such a manner, and they retired in some confusion with their three coffins " sacred to the memory of" the living Stewart. A recent cable message informs us that a company of mutes have per formed Shakespeare's play of Eichard HI. to a large and attentive audience in one of the London asylums. Such a feat appears almost incredible, and yet there is no doubt the performance took place. To anyone who has watched the services in that Oxford- street Church, or the lectures con nected with the institution, such a performance becomes natural and appropriate, but it is a marvellous illustration of the powers of expression and gesture. The ghosts of Prince Edward, King Henry, Clarence, Eivers, Grey, Vaughan and the two young princes, would rise up doubly realistic gesticulating before that excited audience, and the horror would be increasingly depicted on the face of the wretched hunch -back king. The wild shout of Eichard when call ing in mad fury for the horse which was to carry him to destruction, would be lost ; but tlie loss of voice would be made up to those poor mutes by the remarkable mode of expression and the sympathy of the audience. " At the last meeting of the Agricul tural Society the question of holding a banquet was re-opened. One gentle man proposed that a banquet should be held if the members of Parliament came. Another member had been led to alter his mind in regard to the matter, and was now in favor of giving the ladies some entertainment. And after some little conversation it was arranged to accept the offer of a hall, and also the offer of services tendered. Something was said about music, and a member volunteered the information that a lady would lend that. Jew's harps were not mentioned ; nor was it stated that the Society was a charit able institution. But it was evident that with a view to advance the interests of the Society, the proprietor of the new hall had offered the build ing. And to see that the affair is carried out properly a committee of ladies was elected to act with the gentleman who had already offered his services. 