MY UNCLE'S ADVENTURE. c IAWanNxsolo T AIrQUAyA. E.vmrusrAss. MY uncle had a large nese,biinhas t often the occasion of irreercnt jokes at his I xpense. e was also a man of antiquoarian p tastes,'and was often' Victimised by those t who palmed off upon lim worthless articles which he was persuaded to believe ere of a oncientoripinand of priceless value. With r these " curiosities" he filled his housQ, much r tbte annoyance of my aunt and thehm e- I meat of his less credulous friends. But he was suddenlyawakened from these absurdi- h ties in a manner so remarkable that he i invoked my aid in reproducing a story often t told by himself at his ow-n fireside. It was a sultryafternoon in the month of I September, when my uncle bent his steps across the common and through the mcedows to visit a neighbouring formerr friend. On the occasion of this visit, and just s lie was leaving, after having par taken of tie usual hospitalities of the place, t he espied in a corner of the farmeyard an old iron pot, nearly spherical in shape, t which hlad formerly stood on tlrem legs, but could now only boast of twno. Owing t to its unsafe condition it hal loa since I been disused, and had been consi"ned to its resting-place on the principle tat for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection of its ex terior revealed the figure 16, followed by t something which could not readily be de ciphered; and instead of concluding that t these marks probably represented notbings more tlhan thle size of tihe article in question, c the great ontiquary rashly concluded that I the i1 with the obliterated marks rere aented nothing short of the date of its manufacture. A pot whose early existencee was probably contemporary with Cromwell I could not be permitted to remain in such a place. Accordingly my uncle determined I to transfer it to Stanley Court, there tole keep companywith the many relies of days long aso. liuthiis burden proved more inconvenientu than hlie anticiptel After taxing I isin-. genuity to the utmost to discover an mens of carrying it with a maximum amount of I ease,it finally occurred to him that,inverted, I it might rest on his head. Accordingly. it was so placed, and my uncle proceeded 1 with tile queerest lelmet that ever pressed the brow of a human being. His path lay c along tie bank of a small river, and so down to the mill. Here, it may be men- I tioned in parenthesis, lived an old sweet heart, who, out of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the question from my uncle, had accepted his rivalt the miller, fully twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed for tile purpose of diverting the water to the mill, and tus a pond was formed at least live feet deep.c The water often flowed over the dam, form- I ing a beautiful cascade from six to eight i feet in height; and when thle water was low, people frequently passed over the wooden platform of the dam to save the walk to the bridee which stood more than I a hundred yartYs below tle mill. But,c doubtless, my uncle had another reason for, selecting this route, a reason which received additional force from the strange appear- I ante wlicle he now presented. As maybem readily supposed, the action of the water had rendered the platform very smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my uucle proceeded, but whether from the effect of the aforesaid hiospitalities, or from the weight of tihe pot I on his head, he became unsteady in his it, and suddenly slipped. A fall of eight feet to the bed of the river was no joke; besides, suehl a fall could only end in the destruction i of tfle pot. N pow, divided attention is al ways to be avoideds where the possible sissues are serious, as under even ordinary i circumstances, a slip in such aplace was no trifling matter; but with tie object of his Ssolicitude firmly fixed on lis hlead, what wonder that his safety was doubly jeopar dised ? Be tlit as it may, the fact remains that .e stumbled upon the slippery- plt form, and the pot sfli?pin orer his toe, enveloped his entiroe ead! Practically blind, lie was now less capable than ever of recovering his tooting; and his attempts to do so ended in my wortlly relative I tumbling lead first into the mill pond. r Thus was lee brought literally face to face with an ignominioaus death, no better than that of the vilest cur which leaves the world Swithe a stone tied to its neck. But the dark- I cot hour is not unfrequently tie hour of Sdeliverance. It proved so liere. The at l tention of Joe, the millers man, had been attracted to my uncle before he reached the dam, by the strango bead- gear worn by my relative. Te unsteady gait, the slip, the fall, the plunge, were all observed; and having "reached the pond as quickly as possible, JQe succeeded, after considerable difficulty, in extricating my uncle from his perilous position. Whenever the old gentleman related the Sstory to his friends lie moralised here on tie rnity of human wishes. "Yes, nephy," lie would say, turning to me, that was thle crisis in my history, not merely as regards tile unexpected extension of my existence, but more particularly with reference to the 1 folly which waos tlhe outcome of tie mania Iwhich had seizd me. I never feltl ho use less my life lhaed been till deatlh stared me rin the face under such ign"minious sur roundings. My punishment appeared to a me as complete as it was deserved. Drown ing seemed only the secondary cause of my a death, tfe-real cause being tle ruling Spassion which had prompted me to possess a the pot. The idea of dying with my head 4in suchi a position, hlnmiliating though it was, bore no comparison tomy thloughlts as I felt tle air rise in bubbles from thle pot in solemn mockery of my life, and thlought s ihow, in breaking upon thle surfate, they Swrote my epitoplh,' Emptiness.'" IHaving rescuedmy uncle, Joe carried him 1 to tfe house of the miller, where he removed t tlwetigarments,placed him inbedbetween thie blankets, and applied theose means for s his restoration generally resorted to in y cases of suspended animation. It was fortu nate that Joe was familiar with the treat II ment, as lee was the only person on tie pre g mises, and the nearest house was fully half a mile distant. He persevered in his efforts If and ere long was rewardled by returning d consciousness. But tie pot, the terrible d pot, still canopied my uncle's head in spite e of every endeavour to remove it. "Tle o nose was the causeyousee," the old gentle sman would say, playfully tapping that pro tuberant organ with his finger, "and s appeared to be little short of a bolt, which d defoed the removal of that ungraceful head d gear." d Now, of all places, the mill was perhaps the last whicl my uncle would have cared k to visit under the circumstances. He could t not endure the thought that the millers d wife, his old sweetheart, should witness such a spectacle, and was really distressed h at the idea that her eyes might even nowr :t be resting on his misfortune. Thle old pot refused that assurance to him which his eyes would have supplied, and so he had to rest content with the repeated avowal of l his benefactor Joe:--" Keep yer mind nisy; the maister and his wife and tle whole lot of 'cm be gone to the fair. But don'tey be afeard on the missus. S She be mighty kind and 'ud help ye heaps if shle wao here. Aed now ye be safe and a-eomin' round a hit I can't help a-lauagh'. just a little bit. I zeed ye go in heedvurmost, right down hlike, snd yer legs a-kickin' up zummat likm tfle decks when tley go a-divin' after wbat 'em can catch in the pond. Then there's that therepofabeutyerbcad. La I I never need such a niolitcap in lnl my born days. Don't think Ito a-maklin' fun on ?e, but rI'e a-tried to get'n off, and 'er won't bome, ; leestways without a psec o' yer nose, and I reckon you don't want to spare a slice o' ethet." With thess and such like speeches Joe enlivened his pntient, introducing paren flthetiecally such hearty bursts of tanghter if flitit my uncle speedily recovered himself, but his increasing strength only intensified his desire to' get clear away bfore the tamiller and his wife returned. As aflrst t, step in this dirction lm emerged from the -lankets in which, barring his head, he lad been enveloped, and with tfle assistanco of to Joe as his valet, he liessed in the garments a whicf tflt worthy supplied. Thcre wos nnothing remarkable shout these, withI tfe Sexccpionofe a smock-frockof snowry white 10 ness, which extended to me~uncle's feet, and played a not unimportont part in the S sequel of the story. " - - 0 at here arose a difficulty." oe being left in clarge of tfle premises could not leave until'llts masters retfrn. - very Ii argument whfich his ingenuity supplied to detain Iis patient, and everyprolest against my uncle's injestice in believing te miler'a wife capeble of anght but sympathy, fell upon my uncle's ear '!like water on a duck' be hack." Finding that lee could place tliepat in a position owhicll enabled lres to see ilia Ii. feet, and consequently tiflea ath bit by bit ci sloneg which lee hlad to travel, besides being able to raise thf plaguy apparatus su?is \-- - , -O ciently to cnabl? him to breathe; and seeing that Joe could not accompany him as a guide and protector, lhe determined to make the attempt to reach thIo allnae alone. Bein naturally anxious to avoid,Ki far as possi, tleth publidgazeo'alaOthodght of taking the turnpii-road: vsau abandoned, though lie need nothbavo been rider such apprehension, for hldioiadnest the many roturning from thle fair wmod'lief?likely to recognise in that strang figure Farmer lleoemield of Stanley Court ? Indeed his objection to this route might have been overcome but for his dread of meeting the miller and his wife, who, so he tliought, might possibly recogniso the garb which enveloped him, and would naturally feel unpleasantly inquisitive about the in divridual within it. yet a walk of three miles through meadows and across a cam man after seven o'clock on a September evening,undersucl circumstances,appeared well nigh as possible forablind man. Any thing, however, appeared preferable to then disclosure he so much dreaded, and so, tnasting to his circumscribed vison, lie departed with slow and steady steps along the old familiar path, determined, by a happy- thought, to make his way to the village blacksmith, whose ingenuity lie had no doubt would speedily remove the. en cumbrance. The keenest foresight is, however, unable to anticipate the circumstances which may befall us. For some time nall went well, and the antiquary's progress, tihough slow, wans sure. But whalt with the sultriness of the evening, tile defectiveventilation inside the pot, and the weight of that at other times useful article, my uncle was compelled to sink to the ground inn faint,just as lie had reached a shallnow brook, over which lie had to pass; and there le lay until conscious ness returned. How long lihe had been in this position le did not know, but lie soon became painfully awaroof the fact that the shades of night had closed around him. Nor was his anxiety diminislmd as a thinn der- storm burst ovevlhishead. iteavyclouds overspread the sky, and deepened the dark ness; so that when my uncle rose to his feet, hi found tile path completely hidden from his view. In so helpless a condition, what wonder that lie wandered from the familiar track! To add to his discomfort, tihe rain came down in torrents; whilst the lightning, flashing around him, filled him with a new terror. Still be continued to trudge his weary way; and at length, to lis intense delight, lie Ieard the faint but welcome sounds which came from the anvil of tihe village blacksmithi, Sweeter music lie had never heard. lie listened intently to the sound as it was wafted across the gloomy coimon, and with his ears as a pilot, waled on, cheered by the fact that every step brought him nearer to tile inan who would remove the load from his head-and heart. He lhad not proceeded far in the direction of the smithy, when lie became aware of the approach of a man, and in tihe snatches of song which fell upon the darkness, hie reognased a familiar. voice. It was the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occu pied by day in keeping other people's spirits down, resolved that his eveninga should be spent in keeping his own spirits up, which lie succeeded tolerably well in doing at the club which met nielhtly at the village inn. A load of onxiety feii from my uncleo heart as tic eeboolmasterapproacled laim. But, alas I the relief wan only momen tarcy Whether tle darness hlid my uncle from his sight, orwhletler he was so occu pied with his thoughlt as to he unconscious of such a person's presence, we need not stop to inquire. A vivid flash of lightning for an instant lit up the scene when thiey were but a few yards apart, roevealing my uncle shrouded in garments of snowy white ness. The song suddenly ceased; a shriek rent the air, and thl tremulous voice of my belated relative, intended to remove tle schoolmasters fear, served only to quiecken his li-lt across the commone to the villago inn, ?alich lie had left only half an hour before. With a face ghastly pale, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, he throw himself into a chair, per fectly overcome and speeclcess. In the bands of the landlady hi recoverd in a few minutes sufficiently to ciplain the cause of lme terror. IIc had witnessed that night, lie said, such a sight as never before met his eyes. In passing thespot on the common where, in tile remembrance of most of his learers, a murdered man had been found a spot li confessed tie never passed at night without nervous excitement-just as lie ad commenced a song, by way of diminishing the loneliness of. lls situation, a horrid being stood before him. t wans clad in white, but had a head as black as night, from the top of which projected two short iorns. It was impossible to be mistaken. A flash of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an instant to dance around the head of thle Satanic spectre. Besides this a voice, sepulchral in its tones, plainly called him by name. Surely the evidence of two of iis socses could not be rejiected. uis associates at the inn gave a ready ear to the statement, and after partaking of some Dutch courage, at the earnest request of the schoolmaster, they consentod to accompany him across tile common to his home. Amongstthem was Joe, who, onthe return of the miller, had walked to Stanley Court by the road, professedly to bring my unclc's clothes, but in reality from afelin of anxiety about his safety, Findingtmlitaa not returned Joe started off in search of the wanderer, and on lls way stepped into tile village inn just in time to hear the school master's account of thie ghiost on the com mon. It might easily have removed the schoolmaster's fears, but being of a frolic some turn, and wishing to test the courage of is bodyguard, lie remained silent and followed them unobserved when they left the inn. Meanwhilo the ringing sounds from tile anvil had geided thi exhausted wanderer, and before tile party from the inn had pro ceeded far thie supposed ghost was encouan tered. Dutch courage proved unequal to the shock, and Joe had time satisfaction of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs could carry them, each one doubtless as muchl overcome as lhad been the setool master when hlie sank speechless into a chair buht a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, lhowever, was soon at my uncle's side, and under his guidance thle smitly was reached. A consultationnow took place as to the best means of effectingI a release ; and nothing appeared so praeti cable as to place thie pot on ttle anvil and with a sharp blovw from a hammer to shlatter it into fragments. A hazardous proceeding, but desperate ills reqiredespe rateremedies. It was therefore not without forebodings of evil that my uncle, supported by Joe, placed the pot as directed. Down came the blow ; and my uncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. Tile kind hearted and faithful Joe lived long in my uncle's service as farm bailiff, and never wanted a friend as long as the old gentle man lived; and, in repeating these extra ordinary proceedinga to eager listeners, he would assurcthiem that "he never eeed sichi a nut afore, nor sich a kernel." 