A MERRY CHRISTMAS. Such is the kindly salutation exchanged be tween friends and acquaintances, aye, and strangers too, on the days of clays in the Chris tian year, Christmas Day, all over the world wherein the Ehglish language is spoken, such is the merry greeting spoken by that time- honored institution— -if an individual may be termed an institution— the Pantomime Clown, in nobody knows ;how many hundreds , of theatres, on\ his - firSt4appeararice;beforethe foot lights, and -we feel it incumbent on us once more to wisli our readers the compliments of the season in the stereotyped and old-fashioned phraseology. How many writers have written, how many poets have woven their fairy garlands of and for Christmas, from Dickens, whose pure yet fancifully pathetic " Christmas Stories" are beloved bye-words, as they probably will be for many generations to come, back to. Shakespeare, sweetest singer of them all, who says :— " Some say, that ever 'gainst that season comes Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated, The bird of dawning singeth all night long : And then they say no spirit dares stir abroad : The nights are wholesome : then no planets strike, No fairy takes, nor witch hath power co charm, So hallowed and so gracious is the time. " Hallowed and gracious indeed, arid not. only on account of the advent into the world of one whose name we deem too. sacred even to be spoken lightly, but also from what, nearly two thousand years ago, it brought with it, "Peace on earth, good-will towards men." How, each recurring year, as the joy-bells ring out from a- thousand steeples to bid "Christians awake, salute this happy morn, we of many days, cast our thoughts back to the old land so far distant, of its ice, its snow, its sharp yet healthful and pleasant cold, and withal, of its roaring fires, its holly berries gleaming and glistening in the light, its mistletoe, its joy and gladness 1 in cot tage: and in hall,' its carol singing, its dance, its song, its ghost stories, its snapdragon, and last, not least, its plum-pudding and mince-pies. Little of that know we here beneath this new heaven, on this new earth, for with an atmos phere quivering with a heat of some 100 or so in the shade, snowballing would be somewhat out of place, and skating on the ice a physical impossibility, and even tho plum- pudding is felt —except perhaps by the juvenile portion of the community— to be "too much joy." No, we are all Australians now, and our Christmas plea- sures must be Australian too. The picnic in the comparatively cool and shady' bush, the trip on the blue waters of the bay, and the other; outdoor amusements appertaining to the climate, ' are our modes of spending our holidays, and very properly so. Ah well, to all and sundry, young and old, rich and poor, lowly and ; lofty, we once more wish— not forgetting to waft the wish to our loved ones beyond the sea—" A Merry. Christmas." — : »«»» 1 