"I THOUOGHT I WOULD COME OUT TO EXPLOIRE A LITTLE." A Hardy Norseman. By EDNA LYALL. Author of "Doran," " i a Two," "In the Goltdes .Doys," "knight.Errant," ac. \--- CHAPTER XXXIX. -Continued. BuTr though she tried in this way to take the edge off her pleasure she could not do it. Afterwards might take care of itself. 'Thare was no possibility of realising it how, she would enjoy to the full just the present that was hers, the long talks with ] Fritlhiof, the delightful sense of fellowship with him, the mutual enjoyment of that exquisite valley. And so they drove on, past Aak, with i its lovely trees and its rippling river, past I the lofty Romsdalshorn, past the Troltin derne, with their weird outline looming i up against the blue sky like the battle snents and pinnacles of some magic city. About the middle of the day they reached iorgheim, where it had been arranged that theyshould spend the night. Frithiof r was in a mood to find everything beau- v tiful, he even admired the rather bare- t looking posting-station, just a long, brown, wooden house with a high flight -of:steps a to the door,-and seats on:either aide. -On t the doorstep layia. fine.white and-tabby g ,ctwrhich he declaredle could remenibei t eassbexee v'ssea lie ms" Roudal. f And that is very possible,,' said the landlady, with a pleased look. "For we I have had him these fourteen years. Every one crowded round to look at 1 this antiquated eat. " What is his name ? " asked Cecil, speaking in Norse. " His name is Mons," said the landlady, 1 "Mons Horgheim." They all laughed at the thought of a cat with a surname, and then came a general dispersion in quest of rooms. Cecil and Swanhild chose one which looked out across a grassy slope to the river; the Rauma just at this part is very still, and of a deep green colour; beyond were jagged, grey mountains, and the moraine of a glacier covered here and there with birch and juniper. Half-a dozen little houses with grass-grown roofs nestled at the foot. and near them were sweet-smelling hayfields and patches of golden corn. They dined merrily on salmon, wild strawberries, and cream, and then a walk was proposed. Cecil, however, excused herself, saying that she had letters to write home, and so it chanced that Frithiof and Sigrid had what did not often fallfto their lot in those days, the chance of a quiet talk. " What is wrong with you, dear old boy ? " she said; for since they had left Horgheim she could not but notice that he had grown grave and absorbed. "Nothing," he said, with rather a forced laugh. But, though he tried to resume his usual manner and talked with her and teased her playfully, she knew that he had something on his mind, and, half-hopefully, half-fearfully, made one more attempt to win his confidence. "Let us rest here in the shade," she said, settling herself comfortably under a silver birch. "Roy and Swanhild walk at such a pace that I think we will let them have the first view of the Mongefos." He threw himself down on the grass beside her, and for a time there was silence. "You did not sleep last night," she said presently. "How do you know that? " he said, his colour rising a little. " Oh, I know it by your forehead. You were worrying over something. 'Come, confems." SHe sat up and began to speak abruptly. "I want to ask you a question, '- he said, looking up the valley beyond her and avoiding her eyes. "Do you think a man has any business to offer to a woman a love which is not his first passion ? " "At one time I thought not," said Sigrid. "But as I grew older and understood things more it seemed to me different. I think there would be few marriages in the world if we made a rule of that sort. And a woman who really loved would lose sight of all selfish ness and littleness and jealousy just be cause of the strength of her love." He turned and looked straight into her eyes. "And if I were totellCecil that I loved her, do you think that she would at any rate listen to me ? " "I am not going to say 'yes' or 'no' to that question," said Sigrid, suddenly bending forward and giving him a kiss-a salute almost unknown between a Nor wegian brother and sister-" but I will say instead, 'Go and try."' "You think, then-" She sprang to her feet. "`I don't think at all," she said laugh ingly. "Good-bye. I am going to meet the others at the Mongefos, and you you are going back to Horgheim. Adjo." She waved her hand to him and walked resolutely away. He watched her out of sight, then fell back again to his former position on the grass, and thought. She bad told him nothing, and yet somehow had brought to him a most wonderful sense of rest and peace. Presently he got up, and began to re trace his stepsalong the valley. CHAPTER XL. THE afternoon was not so clear as the morning had been, yet it had a beauty of its own which appealed to Frithiof very strongly. The blue sky had changed to a soft pearly grey, all round him rose grave, majestic mountains, their sunmmnits clear against the pale background, but wreaths of white mist clinging about their sides in fantastic twists and curves which bridged over huge yawning chasms and seemed to join the valley into a great amphitheatre. The stern grey and purple rocks looked hardly real, so softened were they by the luminous summer haze. Here and there the white snow gleamed coldly in long deep crevices, or in broad clefts here from year's end to year's and it remained un melted by sun or rai. On each side of the road there was a wilderness of birch and fir and juniper bushes, while in the far distance could be heard the Mongefos with its ceaseless sound of many waters, repeated on either hand by the smaller waterfalls. Other sound there was none save the faint tinkle of cowbells or the rare song of the little black and white wagtails, which seemed ,the only birds in the valley. Suddenly he perceived a little further anfig the roada slim figurleaning. t thhfence the folds of'kbliieW'df glmnifight-brownhail deora Pý,as3:ru~sa Sul-nfi -- c - n heaarisig footstpps. look ° h 1 hnd afi hed my letter and thought I would come out to explore a little," she said, as he joined her. "You have come back?" "Yes," he said, "I have come back to you." Sheglancedathimquestioningly,startled by his tone, but before his eager look her eyelids dropped, and a soft glow of colour suffused her face. "Cecil," he said, "do you remember what you said years ago about men who worked hard to make their fortune and then retired, and were miserable because they had nothing to do?" "Oh yes," she said, "I remember it very well, and have often seen instances of it." "I am like that now," he continued. "My work seems over, and I stand at the threshold of -a newv life. It was you who saved me from ruin in my old life-will you be my helper now?" "Do you think I really could help ?" she said wistfully. He looked at her gentle eyes, at her pure, womanly face, and he knew that his life was in her hands. "I do not know," he said gravely. "It depends on whether you could love me whether you will let me speak of my love for you." Then, as he paused, partly because his Englishwordswould not come veryreadily, partly in hope of some sign of encourage ment from her, she turned to him with a face which shone with heavenly light. "There must never be any secrets between us," she said, speaking quite simply and directly. " I have loved you ever since you first came to us-yearsago." It was nothing to Frithiof that they were standing at the side of the king's highway-he had lost all sense of time and place-the world only contained for him the woman who loved him-the woman who let him clasp her in his strong arm let him press her sweet face to his. And still from the distance camne the sound of many waters, and the faint tinkle of the cowbells and the song of the little black and white birds. The grave grey mountains seemed like strong and kindly friends who sheltered them and shut tlhem in fronm all intrusion of the outer world, but theyi wiere so entirely absorbed in each other that they had not a thought for any thing else. \- " With you I shall have courage tobegin life afresh," he said after a time. "To have tihe right to love you-to be always with you-that will be everything to me." And then, as he thought of her true hearted confession, he tried to understand a little better the unseen ordering of his life, and he loved to think that those weary years had been wasted neither on him nor on Cecil herself. He could not for one moment doubt that her pure, unselfish love had again and again shielded him from evil, that all through his English life with its hard struggles and bitter suffer ings her love had in some unknown way been his safeguard, and that his life, crippled by the faithlessness of a woman, had by a woman also been redeemed. All his old morbid craving for death had gone -he eagerly desired a long life that lihe might live witlh her, work for her, shield her from care, fill up to the best of his power what was incomplete in her life. "I shall have a postscript to add to my letter," said Cecil presently, looking up at him with the radinnt smile which hlie so loved to see on her lips. " What a very feminine one it will be! We say, you know, in England that a woman's post cript is the most important part of her letter." " Will your father and mother ever spare you to mel" said Frithiof. "They will certainly welcome you as their son," she replied. "And Mr. and Mrs. Horner?" sug gested Frithiof misclhievously. But at the thought of the consternation of her worthy cousins Cecil could do nothing but laugh. : "Never mind," she said, "they have always disapproved of me as much as they have of you; they will perhaps say.tliat it isafter alla highly suitable arraigeimeint!" "1 wondcr whether Swanhild will say the same?" said Frithiof with a smile; "here she comes hurrying home alone. Will you wait by the river and let nibjiusf tell her my good news?" He walked along the road to meet his sister, who, spite of added years and inches, still retained much of her child likeness. " Why are you all alone?" he said. "Oh, three is no fun," said Swanhild. "When Roy and Sigrid .are out on a holiday they are just like lovers, so I came back to you." "What will you say when I tell you that I am betrothed," he said teazingly. She looked up in his face with some alarm. "You are only making fun of me," she protested. "On the contrary, I am stating the most serious of facts. Come, I want your congratulations." "But who are you betrothed to?" asked Swanhild bewildered. " Can it be to Madale? And, oh dear, what a +horrid time to chose for it-you will be just no good at all.. I really do think you might Ihave waited.till the end of the tour. 4i. It nuikijiposibly have beenmainit d 'if you adsoe`soonier,=' 'said Fritl7~lf "Well, I shall live Cectti toalk to, so after all it doesn't much matter," said Swanhild graciously. " But unfortunately she also has be come betrothed," said Frithiof, watching tihe bewildered little face with keen pleasure, and seeing the light of percep tion suddenly dawn on it. Swanhild caught his hand in hers. "You don't mean-" she began. "Oh, yes," said Frithiof, " but- I do mean it very much indeed. Come," and he hurried her down the grassy slope to tlhe river. "I shall tell Cecil every word you have been saying." Then,, as she rose -to meet them, hlie said witlh a laugh, "This selfish child thinks we might put it off.till the end of the tour for her special benefit." "No, no," cried Swanlhild, flying to wards Cecil with outstretched arms. "I never knew it was to you lie was be-I throthed-and you could never be that horrid, moony kind who are always sitting alone together in corners." At which ingenious congratulation they all laughed so immoderately that Mona Horglheim the cat was roused from his afternoon nap on the steps of the station, and after a preliminary stretch strolled down towards the river to see what was the matter, and to bring the sobriety and accumulated wisdom of his fourteen years to bear upon the situation. "Ah, well," said Swanhild, with a comical gesture, "there is clearly nothing for me but, as they say in Italy, to stay at home and nurse the cat." And catching up the astonished Mons, she danced away, eager to be the first to tell the good news to Roy and Sigrid. "It wiil. be really very convenient," she remarked, to the infinite anmusement I of her elders. " We shall not lose Frithioff at all; he will only have to move across to Rowan Tree House." And ultimately that was how matters arranged themselves, so that the house which had sheltered Frithiof in his time of trouble became his home in this time of his prosperity. He had not rushed all at once into full light and complete manhood and lasting happiness. Very slowly, very gradually, the life that had been plunged in dark- ] ness had emerged into faint twilight as he had struggled to redeem his father's name; then, by degrees, the brightness of dawn had increased, and sometimes helped, sometimes hindered by the lives which had come into contact with his own, hlie had at length emerged into clearer light, till, after long waiting, the suin had indeed risen. As Swanhild had prophesied, they were by no means selfish lovers, and, far from spoiling the tour, their happiness did much to add to its success. Cecil hardly knew which part of it was most delightful to her, the return to Molde and the pilgrimage to the quaint little jeweller's shop where they chose two plain gold betrothal rings such as are always used in Norway; or the merry journey to the Geiranger; or the quiet days at Oldiiren, in that lovely valley with the river curving and bending its way between wooded banks, and the rampart of grand, craggy mountalins with snowy peaks, her own special mountain, as Fritliiof called Cccilienkrone, dominating all. It was at Oldoren that she saw for the first time one of the prettiest sights in Norway-a countrywedding. The charm ing bride, Pernilla, in her silver-gilt crown and bridal ornaments, had her heartiest symyatlhy, and Fritlhiof,happening to catch sight of the fiddler standing idly by the churchyard gate when the ceremony was over, brought him into the hotel and set every one dancing. Anna Rasmusen, the clever and charming manager of the inn, volunteered to try the spring dans with Halfstan, the guide. The hamlet was searched for dancers of the haiUing, and the women showed them the pretty jelsfer and the;trettur. j. By degrees all the population of the place crowded in as spectators, and soon Johannes andPernilla, the brideand bride groom, made their way through the throng, and, each carrying a decanter, approached the visitors, shook hands with them, and begged that they would drink their health. There was sometlhing strangely simple and charming about the whole thing. Such a scene could have been found in no otlhir contry save in grand, free old Nor ,way, where false standards of worth are abolished, and where piutual respect and eoual rights bind each to each in true brotherhood. The day after the wedding they spent at the Brisdals glacier, rowing all together up the lake, but afterwards separating, Frithiof and Cecil walking in advance of the others up the beautiful valley. " Ti, re will soon be a highiroad toet5, jici iiithsiC:dofýu1Ain glad they= are onlIs begiining it now, and.thatwe have this rough path." And Cecil was glad too. She liked the scramble and the little bit of climbing needed here and there; she loved to feel the strength and protection of Frithiof's hand as hlie led her over the rocks and . boulders. At lnst, after an long walk, they reached a smooth, grassy oasis, shaded by silver birches and bordered by a river; beyond, the Brixdalsbrao gleamed white through the trees, with here and-there oex quisite shades of blue visible in the ice even at that distance. "This is just like the land of Beulah," said Cecil, smiling, "and the glacier is the celestial city. How wonderful those broken pinnacles of ice are ! " "Look at these two little streams run ning side by side for so long and at last joining," said Frithiof. "They are like our twolives. For so many years you have been to me as we should say, fortrotilig." "`What does that mean " she asked. "It is untrauslateable," -he .said. " -Its is that in which'one puts one's'trust 'and confidence, but miore besides. It means exactly wlhat you have always been to me." Cecil looked down at the little bunchof forget-nie-notiand lilies of the valley=the Norwegiani national flowers with whiich Frithiof loved to keep her suppilied-and the remembrance of all that she had borne during these five years came back to her, and by contrast made the happy present yet sweeter. "I think," she said, "I should like Signor Donati to know of our happiness; he was the firstwho quite understood you." "Yes, Imust writetohim," saidFrithiof. " There is no man to whom I owe more." And thinking of the Italian's life and character and of his own past, lie grew silent. "Do you know," he said at length, "there is one thing I want you to do for me. I want you to give me back my regard for the Sogne once more. I want, on our way home, just to pass Balholm again. And so one day it happened that they found themselves on the well-remembered fjord and coming upon deck when-dinner was over, saw that already thle familiar a a osthe Frithiof saga were coming iew. took look !" saidFrithiof. "There, of rontous is the Kvinnafos, lookin ri3 ..r-I."t4 · the dalrk roplr'; vto the right is Faamanes S' sCI stood beside him on the upper i. ad gradually the scene unfolded. Th .daw the little wooded peninsula, the lovel mountains round the Fjaerlands fjord, Munkeggen itself, with much more snow than during their last visit, and then, once again, King Bele's grave, anid tihe scattered cottages, with their red-tiled roofs, and the familiar hotel, somewhat enlarged, yet recalling a hundred memo ries. Gravelyand thoughtfullyFrithioflooked on the little hamlet and on Munkeggen. It was a picture that had been traced on his mind by pleasure and engraved by pain. Cecil drew a little nearer to him, and though no word passed between them, yet intuitively their thoughts turned to one who must for ever be associated with those bright days spent in the house of Ole Kvikne long ago. There was no in dignation in their thoughts of her, but tlhere was pain, and pity, and hope, and the love which is at once the source and the outcome of forgiveness. They won dered much how matters stood with her out in the far-off southern seas, where she struggled on in a new life, which must always, to the very end, be shadowed by the old. And then Frithiof thought of his father, of his own youth, of the won derful glamour and gladness that had been doomed so soon to pass into total eclipse, and feeling like some returned ghost, he glided close by the flagstaff, and the grey rocks, and the trees which had sheltered his farewell to Blanche. A strange and altogether indescribable feeling stole over him, but it was speedily dispelled. There was a link which happily bound his past to his present-a memory which nothing could spail-on the quay he instantly per ceived the well-remembered faces of the kindly landlord, Ole Kvikne, and his brother Knut. "See!" he exclaimed with a smile, " there are the Kviknes lookingnota day older ! We must just see if they re msemiber us." Did they not remember? Of course they did! And what bowing and hand shaking went on in the brief waiting-thime. They had heardof Frithiof, moreover, and knew how nobly he had redeemed his father's name. They were enchanted at meeting him once more. "Let me have the pleasure, Kvikne, to introdiuce to you my betrothed, who was also your guest long ago," said Frithiof, taking Cecil's hand and placing it in that of the landlord. And the warm congratulations and hearty good wishes of Ole and Knst Kviknse were only cut short by the bell, which warned the travellers that they must hasten up the gangway. "We shall come back," said Fritliof. " Another summer we shall stay with you." " Yes," said Cecil. " After all there is nothing equal to Balholm. I had for gotten how lovely it was." As they glided on they left the little place bathed in sunshine, and in silence they watched it, till at last a bend in the fjord hid it from view. Frithiof fell into deep thouglst What part had that passionate first love of his played in his life-story? Well, it had been to him a curse- it had dragged him down into the depths of despair, and tothe verge of vice; it had steeped him in bitterness and filled his heart with anguish. Yet a more perfect love had awaited him-a passion less fierce but more tender, less vehement but more Inst ing; and all those years Cecil's heart had really been his, though lie had so little dreamed of it As if in a picture he saw the stages through which he had passed-the rapture of mere plsysical existence; the intoler able pain and humiliation of Blanche's betrayal; the anguish of bereavement; the shame of bankruptcy; the long effort to pay the debts; the slow return to belief in human beings; the toilsome stags that had each brought him a clearer knowledge of the Unseen, for which he had once felt no need; and finally, this wonderful love springing up like a fountain in his life, ready to gladden his somewhat prosaic round of daily work. It was evelning when they left the steamer at Sogodal, but they were none of them in a mood for settling down, and indeed the weather was so hot that they often preferred travelling after supper. So it was arranged that they should go on to a very primitive little place called Hillestad, sleep there for a few horrs, and then proceed to the Lyster fjord. Cecil, who was a much better walker than cither Sigrid or SwankIild, was to go on foot with Frithiof; the others secifd a *stolkjaerro and aiarriole, and went on sin adlyiace with the liiggage. ''heatwo-l wr..ma lked bik" lng'th aide-of -tc fjord; but slacken' ca when they reached the long sandy hill with its sharp zigzags; the evening was stilland cloudless; above them towered huge, rocky cliffs, partly veiled by under growth, and all the air was sweet with the scent of the pine trees. They were close to St. Olaf's well, where, from time inm mexisorial, the country people have come to drink and, pray for recovery from 1 illness. "Don't you think we ought to drink to 1 my future hlealtlh?" said Frithiof. He smiled, yet in his eyes she saw all the time the look of sadness that had come to him as they approached Balholm. The- one sting in his perfect happiness I was the thought that hlie could not bring to Cecil the 'unbroken health that had once been his. He knew that the strain of his past trouble had left upon hims marks which lie must carry to his grave, and that I the consequences of Blanche's faithless- t ness had brooght with them a secret anxiety which must to some extent shadow Cecil's life. -The knowledge was I hard'; it htuniiiliaied him. Cecil knew him so well that she read his thoughts in an instant. "Looklat all these little crosses set up in'the moss on thiisroek I." she exclaimed 1 when they had scrambled uip the `teep ascent. "I wonder hiow many hundreds i of years this has been the custom? 1 1 wonder how mnany troubled people have come here to drink?" "And have gained nothing by their superstition? " said Frithiof. "It was superstition," she said thought fully. "And yet, perhiips, the sight of the cross and the. drinking of the water at least helped thiem to new thoughts of suffering and of life. Who knows, perhaps some of them went away able to glory in thiir infirmities?" SHe did not speak for some minutes, but stood lost in the train of thought suggested to him by her words. The sadness gradually died out of his, face, and she quite understood that it was with no trace of superstition, but merely as a sign of gratitude for a thought which had helped him, that he took two little straight twigs, stooped to drink from St. Olafskilde, and then set up his cross among the others in the mossy wall. After that they clambered down over the boulders into the sandy road once snerei'n d cl4al-'&ths; steep bill leisusrelyf jilaminsg nsay a '; - rm.in Rowan, Tr-es Ouse, the iithe wooden cottage that they meant to build at Gildesund, three hours by water from Bergen, on a tiny island, which might be bought at a trifling cost; the bright holi day weeks that they would spend there; the work they might share; the efforts they might make togetherin their London life. But the sharp"contrast between this pictured future and the actual past could hardly fail to strike one of Frithiofs temperament; it was the thought of this i which prompted him to speak as they paused to rest on the wooded heights above Hillatead. "I almost wonder," he said, " that you have the courage to marry such an ill starred fellow as I have always proved to be. You are very brave to take the risk." She answered him only with her eyes. "So," he said with a smile, "you think, perhaps, after all the troubles 1 there must be a good time coming?" "That may be very well," she replied; "but - now that we belong to each other outer things matter little." ' "Do you remember the lines about Norway in the Princess ? " he said. "Your love has made them true for me." "Say them now," she said; ".I have forgotton." And, looking out over the ruddy sky where, in this night hour, the glow of sun set mingled with the glow of dawn, lie quoted the words: "nIwasr one To whom thietoch of ailloiacince butcme As night to hiis thit sitting on a hill sees the miidsusmer, midnight, Norway sun Set ento sunrise." She followed the direction of his gaze and looked, through the fir-trees on the hill upon which they were resting, down to the lovely lake which lay below them like a sheet of mother-of-pearl in the tranquil light: She looked beyond to the grand cliff-like mountains with their snowy tops1 touched here and there into the most ex quisite rose-colour by the rising sun; and then she turned back to the strong Norse face with its clearly-cut features, its look 1 of strength, and independence, and noble courage, and her heart throbbed with joy as she thought how foreign to it was that 1 hard, bitter expression of the past. As he repeated the words " Set into sunrise" his eyes met hers fully; all the tenderness and strength of his nature and an infinite promise of future possibilities seemed to strike down into her very soul in that glance. He drew her towards him, and over both of them there stole a strange calm which is sometimes the outcome of strong feeling. All nature seemed full of perfect peace; and with the sight of those snowy moun tains and the familinr scentof the pines to 1 tell him that he was indeed in his own country, with Cecil's loving presence to assure him of his new possession, and with a peace in his heart which had first come to him in bitter humiliation and trouble, Frithiof, too, was at rest. After all, what were the possible trials that lay before them ? What was all earthly pain ? Looked at in a true light,. suffering seemed, indeed, but as this brief northern night, and death but as the herald of eternal day. "Cecil," said Fritlhiof, looking again into her sweet, grave eyes, " who would have thought that the Limsmsaa gathered all those years ago should prove the first link in the chain that was to bind us together for ever? "It was strane," she replied with a smile, as she gatiered one of the long trails growing close by and looked at the lovely little white bells with their pink veins. He took it from her, snd began to twine it in herhair. "I didn't expect to fnd it here," he said, "and bsosght a fine plant of it fror Nordfjord. We most take it home with us that you may have some foryourbridal wreath." She madule a little exclamation of doubt. " Why, Frithiof ? How long do you think it will go on flowering ? " "For another month," he said taking her glowing face between his hands and stooping to kiss her. " Only a month ! " she:faltered. "Surely that will he long enough to read the banns?" he said with a smile. Anid you really ought not to keep th Liiueau waiting a day longer." THE END. .l~gfj 