H EEE,' THEttE, AKD EVERYWHEfiE, ? ? Ten Chinamen fined 10s. each for gambling at Echuca. A hundred acres of crop, destroyed by fire at Tallygaroopna A lot of damage by bush fire at Axe dale. F. Pamell fined -/Ca at Carhrm t.» attempting to have a fight between tvro. game fowls. V. Maroney fined j£io at Caikon. for spilling nightsoil io a public place. Ten thousand tons of carbon, ascend the London chimneys annually in the shape of smoke. Fatal cases or sunstroke at Albury and Coron'a last week. They talk of lighting Bourke, N.S.1V, witii electricity. Terrific cylone reported from Win ton, Queensland. Mr S. Fielden, a cotton spinner who. recently died in England, left a fortune of dose, on four lailHons. Three officers of the N.S.W. artillery are to, be sent to, England for military instruction.. Terrible blizzards occurred in se7eral: parts of America lately. Kate Fitzsiramons burnt to death at Broken Hill. One thousand and. sixty-eight insolr vencies in New South Wales last year. Two lads, aged thirteen, each, com mitted for trial at Sydney for burglary. The Minister of tands will visit the Wangaratta district tobacco plantations, on 13th inst. Gladstone celebrated his 80th birth day on Sunday. Lancefield district is to be separated from Romsey and constituted a new shire. Portugal has seized Assaland, in Africa. Russian influenza has spread to New York, where there are fifty thousand cases. H. M. Stanley has entered an action for £10,000 against Tippo Tip. the Arab slave dealer. 3\. Diamond, a barman at Adelaide, committed suicide on Monday The Hobart City Council is about floating a loan of £50,000. Opium to the value of £i,cco stolon from a Sydney warehouse by burgl irs. /iiionscf msci;i pisi iias appeareu in Rutherglen vineyards. It is said that white onions induce sleep. Scientific papers say Father Damien caught leprosy through the agency of a house fi$-. There are over sixty electric railways in America. The 'Advocate' says staccato play ing is 2.11 the rage amongst UayJesforJ bands. The St. Cothard is the largest tunnel in the world. Splendid wiieat crop right through the Wimmcra. judge Kerford died suddenly on Tuesday morning. Mr \V. H. Anderson appointed sheriff of the Central Bailiwick. Judge Hodges is to be Judge Ker ford's successor. The Czar is said lo be prostrated with fear. Another ' surplus' reported in Xeir South Wales. I-ord Salisbury is suffering from illness. Man named Spencer supposed to have accidentally shot himself at the Wild Duck. Great destruction of property by bush fires in Albury district. Miner named Samuel Truscott acci dentally killed at Ballarat Victorian butter is bringing 112s. per cwt. in London. Big bush fires in Numurkah district. The gallant Calliope is now stationed at Aden. John Marshall and Thomas Wright, two stowaways, imed £5 at » illiams town, in default a mGnth. Twenty-six children burned to death in fire at Forest Ga.te Industrial School near London, Lord Salisbury is suffering from Russian influenza. Probable surplus of five millions in revenue of Great Britain. Another attempi on life of Oar. Several arrests. Consumption of Australian wines largely ir..-:vasing in Jxmdon. Coal f...aine feared in Belgium through strifce. A Goddard, I. Feak.e. and A. Xculle drowned in Sydney Harbor. Ten prisoners in Brisbane Jail identi fied as New Caledonian escaped con victs. Crews of London colliers out on strike Remains, of late Juage Kerford in terred on Thursday. An anonymous contributor has given £too,ooo to the London hospitals. Railway reve'nue shows an increase in Tasmania. Last J'^ar's gold return shows a de crease 'on that of previous year. Sir Samuel Griffith is now on a visii. to Melbourne. Fire in Grosvenor Square, London, through an electric lighting wire. Many deaths rejxjrted from Germany a«d Austria, from influenza, A disease resembling mange said to have broken out in Albury. Chjld- nine years old diedatKiama through being frightened by a theatrical ghost. ' Man unknown killed in fight rriih. one Ashton McDonald, of Footscray. Captain Driver drowned in Sydney while attempting to. rescue a boy who fell in the water. ' A hundred and thirty- three out of a hundred and tliirty-seven members of N.S.W- Legislative Assembly signed F an address to Mr Gladstone last week. I Mr'jphn Vale; the Melbourne Gos- I pel-temperance lecturer, is now' in. Lon_ I don. ,1 Joan Black attempted suicide by I jumping into the Yarra at Melbourne 9 on Tuesday. : I The British Government are oppos- I ing^the Channel tunnel scheme. _ I ilr.^aipell made co-respondent in. I divorce case.— He says it is a trumped-. fl up charge to injure his case with ' Tbe. i 1 Times^^ ?'?. ? -..- ??'?'. I 