TASMANIAN POLITICS— OUR FINAN CIAL POSITION. Bib, — In continuation of the debate on what you term the 'Out-of-session Finan cial Statement,' it appears to me desirable to write a few words in reply to your : criticism of that statement. When I wrote ' ff hat Ministry would have dared to pro pose, and what Tasmanian Parliament | would have assented to such an added ourueu ou me ux vuc year' (the sum which would have been re quired to keep the deficiency of 1887 from swelling to a larger amount), you say that ' this reads quite differently from the statements of the Treasurer prior to taking office, and also from those in hi6 first budget wbicb we have before us' I chal lenge you to produce any statement of mine, either before taking office or after, in which 1 proposed, or even hinted at, the necessity or the propriety of raising any 6uch sum an £90,000 by new taxation in any one year. 1 ask you to quote tbe words from my first budget, which read so dif ferently from tbote quoted above from my letter in your issue of to-day. In that budget tbe extreme limit of myproposal for increased taxation was £57,000; and 1 nay again, what Ministry would have dared to propoa* £30.000 or £40,000 a year more than that ? All we dared to do that year was to propose £57.000 new taxation and it was the fault (or the virtue, if you please) of the Legislative Council that we did not get it. We relied on the generous assistance of Parliament, and on the good sense of the country to ' get rid of the large legacy of difficulty,' that bad been , bequeathed to us; but mark, at the time those words were spoken— words that you have chosen to italicise, as if they indi cated eome effort and purpose existing then, which we have absudoued since— it was not contemplated tbat more than £10,000 a year would be provided by the taxation then proposed towards reducing the deficiency* which was at that time in timated ascertain to reach £161,000, unless new taxation were at once imposed. What I want you and your readers to see is that if the whole of our proposals In 1887 bed been carried, we would not bave realised much more new annual revenue than we have realised by the proposals we carried in 1888; and that we are actually now contemplating and providing for more rapid reduction of the deficiency than we were in 1887. when you incorrectly make it app°ar that we were dealing more service ably with the deficiency than we are now. We are at present providing for at eduction of the deficiency at the rate of £20,000 a year, the firet payment having to be made at tbe end of 1890, when I have no doubt it will be made; whereas, as I have said, somethinglike £10,000 a year was all the re duction of deficiency that won contemplated in 18S7. Then there is the dreidful failure to grapple withthe growing deficiency that j v^u with others ar* always ihru*tioe ' befoie tbe eyes and minds of your reader* ? I What less have we done in tbe matter of I stopping the growth of tbe deficieucy, and providing for its gradual extinction than we proposed/ «nd . attempted to do in 1887 ? When I said in tbat year ' Certain it is that the adjustment of our finances should not be longer delayed,' nothing ^nore wa s meant, and nobody thought anything more was meant than tbat revenue should be brought up to ex* -diture, with something to spare. with f„ a'*llvwipe out the deficiency. you find in the r-ot a word else in that Budget of 1887, of more year, that could be Cohstru'e*! fc ***% -°t ef -other than this. Ko .one coiSltf/BJh*. more sctffl I uid.Chat tb£ Counters reje6'cioff of our taxing pro£cfeb!bi or I&7 delated the I nlUCh-oeedea adjuHmenl dz oaV flhatices for a yea* 5 but when it is known, 'tfArtis by all whb choose to know,' that tbe pro* posals we carried In 1888 were, in increased taxation and reduced expenditure, equal to d&HflOQ; additional revenue, or only £4900 leffi' uked for in 1&S7;, and wn&n; it id Krio#ri tfott frith such new taxa tion atia decreased e£p6Q-tttttf« we are pfatiblckllJ'lpWyiofo' otfr way and pWfwing for the gradual e£tsi*tfonof the deficiency; in a word,' when it ft ftno^u that the adjustment of finances attempted in 1687 is more th'a& realised in 1890, it is a matter for surprise that, so many who might and otfg&'t to'Kxrffwtftie persist in writing as if we had egregiousl7 failed all round to do what we attempted. You say tbat you 'are amofig tbe few politicians who maintain that the gradaal process of wiping out tbe deficiency is a distinct violation of tbe pledges given by Ministers 'before and immediately after tbeir acceptance of office.' Will you kindly trot these 'pledges' ctft: Let us bave a look at tbem. Wive us them word tor word, chapter and verse, so that we 6an verify them, and if you can show any word of mine that could fairly be taken to mean anything more than a purpose to bring revenue up to expenditure and gradually pay ofl (he deficiency, then, and not till then, can *6#,- ena those who write as you do, rid yourself C! the dva'gff of falsely accusing us as pledge-breaKeife i® this matter. ; Why all this suddenly begotten anxiety on your part for rapidly extinguishing the deficiency? Why all your perpetual writing about tbe necessity for 'drastic' dealing with our finances ? Did Parliament do wrong when, in 1888, it recognised the existing deficiency of £160(000 or more, and gave us iFreap&ry; Bills to provide tempor arily for that stftcrant,- prescribing tbat £20,000 should be paid on at tbe end of 1890, £20,000 at the end of 1891, and so on ? What has' happened that yo\i and others seem no^ dissatisfied with that arrange ment f . You sa^ 'Cur credit is at stake.'! F.udge! Where ieortr credit cfueetioned? Have we repudiated, tin a colony, : any obligation ? Ilave we failed to 1 meet any engagement? If we go on as we are doing, paying our way. as we begin to do tnis year, and paying o tt gradually tbe deficiency, wbowill think , or talk, except partisan politicians, of our credit being In danger f And what ie the ! ' drastic' dealing with our finances which you deem necessary to protect and preserve 1 tbe credit of our fair land ? Tbe raising of another £20,000 or £30,000 a year by some ' new taxation ? Yes ; through the Customs ! I I Tbat ie what you Wont to get Qt, as was | I hinted by tbe recently rejected of Buck- . 1 iogbam, who, cbief apostle of protection though he is supposed to be, scarcely, if at I all, during bis election campaign, dafed to utter the word ' protection,' hot only ; talked vaguely about further taxation ! through the Customs. You evidently think protection will stand a poor saow, umess you can make out a necessity for ' drastic' taxation j and so you vainly try to drive your roaders to clamor for further taxation ih ofder to introduce your pet policy of protection. Tour readers don't want it. Tbey are taxed enough, they will tell you. And if ybut pfoteetidn cannot be introduced on its merits — if it has any — believe me. it will never be introduced by cramming your reoders witb tbe idea tbat they ought to be further taxed in order to euable the Treasurer to pay off tbe deficiency more rapidly than at tbe rate Parliament has decided it should —viz., £20,000 a year. It will be soon enough to talk about making tbe further provision you urge for the reduction of the deficiency when it in found tbat the £20-000 a year intended to be paid off is not forthcoming. Uatil then it might be wisdom on your part to delist from l the attempt to frighten your readers with I tbe prospect of a ghost that may never, I and is not likely to, appear. I cannot ex ' pecfc tbat 3*ou will cease to abuse us \ it is : tbe duty of an Opposition paper to abuse the other side, and your persistence in tbis practice will only bring to us a continu ance of tbe keen enjoyment of that blessed ii&tjs; that cjm s to ikone of whom all men do not speak well. But I do hope that you will ceaso to try to make your readers believe tbat a colony that can, without lurtber taxation, more thau pay its way, u colony thut i& not piling up a deficiency at the rate ot £50,000 to £7--,U00 a year, as it was when we took office, but is able to condition bb you eoni-iimea picture it. Say ol us what you plnase, hut do not let your readers forget that though the onnual ex penditure of the colony ifi now, by reason of interest on loans aud other unavoidable charges, £10,000 a year mure than it was during the years of our predecessors, the people have cheerfu ly sub uit ted to so much additionol taxation (hut it, together witb other increase of revenue, has enabled us to s top tbe 'cursed drift' into deeper debt at the rate of £50,000 a year which we found going on nr t so long ago, and also will enable us, as we 6ball eee at tbe end of the year, to lessen our legacy of inherited deficiency. Say so much as you wish that Ministers have dono wickedly ; but don't forget to say tbe truth— that tbe colony, , considering all things, is doing very well I indeed.— Yours, etc., I B. Stafford Bibd. | May 9, 1890. 