WAKING DREAMS AND OTHER 1 ILLUSIONS. SCIENCE has done much to show that the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more than illusive fancies often resulting from physical derangement, and we may depend upon it that the explanation of many illusions that once were mysteries, is to be found in a study of the physiology of the .nerves and of the mind. To thoroughly elucidate the subject of these illusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the physiologist. One of the best known cases—deriving itsinterestfromthefact that thesubjectof the visitations in question himself.narrates the facts—is that of Nicolai, a well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, who read an account of his case before the Berlin Academy of Sciences. We shall give the account in his own words. "During the few latter months of the year 1790," says Nicolai, " I had experienced several melancholy incidents, \vhicli deeply affected me, particularly in September, frotn which time I suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that affected me with the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this had been done once on the 9th of July, but was omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1790. . . . I had, in January and February of the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant circr--stances, which were followed on the 2-i.u of February by a most violect altercation. My wife and another person come into my apartment in the morning in order to console me; but was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most powerfully affected my moral feeling, _ to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived at about the'distance of ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person.. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. . It was but natural that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being extremely exhausted, fell into a restlsss deep which lasted about lialf-an-hour. The physician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more minute description. " At four in the afternoon, the form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and heing rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first. After the first day, the form pf the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I knew were composed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively small. . . When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them with my eyes closed; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally returned when I opened ipy eyes. They all appeared to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dresses, though the colours seemed somewhat paler than in real nature; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent shape, and some.presenting a pleasing'aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more frequently they addressed their discourse to me; thenspeeches being uncommonly .short and never of an unpleasant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both sexes, whose addresses tended to appease my grief, which had not yet wholly subsided; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed to me when I was alone. Sometimes, however, I was accosted by these consoling friends while I was engaged in company, and not unfrequently while real persons were speaking to me. The consolatory addresses consisted sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed." Such was Nicolai's account of the phantom-visitors who addressed and consoled him in his domestic affliction. It is interesting to pursue still further his account of their disappearance. The reader will recollect that Nicolai had neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-letting in which it was customary in the days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches should be used, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven o'clock in the morning, Nicolai informs us the operation was performed. " No person," he continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, but during the operation my chamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. This continued uninterruptedly till about half an hour after four o'clock, just when my digestion commenced. I then perceived that they began to move more slowly. Soon "after thencolour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white. But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in number, as had generally been the case. They now seemed to dissolve in the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nicolai, " I have felt twice or three times a sensation as if they were going to reappear, without, however, actually seeing anything. The same sensation surprised me just before I drew up tliis account while I was examining some papers relative to these phenomena, which I had drawn up in the year 1791." Such is a historical account of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reasonable individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will be advisable to give one or two further examples of the phenomena in question. On the occasion of the fire which destroyed part of the Crystal Palace in the winter of 1866-7, part of the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flames. The chimpanzee, however, was believed toliave escaped from his cage and •was presently seen on the roof endeavouring to save himself by clutching in wild despair one of the iron beams which the fire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watched with an intense curiosity, mingled with horror and sympathy for the supposed fate which awaited the unfortunate monkey. What was the surprise of the spectalors of an imminent tragedy to find that the object which in the guise of a terrified ape had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of canvas blind, so tattered, that to the eye of the imagination, and when moved by the wind, it presented the exact counterpart of a struggling animal! Such an example is of especial interest, because it proves to us that not one person alone, but a large number of spectators, may be deceived by an object imperfectly seen, and lided in the illusion by a vivid imagination, into fancying all the details of a spectacle of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. A singular case has been given on strict medical authority of a lady, who, walking from Penrhyn to Falmouth—her mind being occupied with the subject of drinking fountains—was certain she saw in the road a newly-erected fountain, bearing the inscription, " If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink." As amatter of course she mentioned her interest in seeing such an erection to the daughters of the gentleman who was supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. They assured her that no such fountain was in existence; but convinced of the reality of her senses on the ground that " seeing is believing," she repaired to the spot where she had seen the fountain, only to find, however, a few scattered stones in place of the expected erection. We may now turn to consider the scientific explanation of such curious phenomena in human existence. The causes of these illusions are not difficult to understand, since they in reality depend upon a slight derangement of the powers •whereby we see and hear in an ordinary . and normal method. To make our meaning r.lear, let us hflefly consider -what takes place in ordinaryieilsation, *foen we see or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an object transfers an impression of that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of sight, which leads from the eye to the part of the brain exercising the sense of sight. We in reality do not see with the eye. That organ is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, focus, and otherwise adjust rays of light streaming from the objects we see. The function of the eye is simply that of adjusting and correlating the conditions necessary for the production of an impression. This impression is carried in due course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation—that of sight. We thus truly see not with the eye, but -with the brain, or rather with that portion of the brain wliich lies in direct relation with the nerves of sight. The eye represents the lenses of the photographer's camera; .but the brain corresponds to the sensitive plate which receives the image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image axe effected. Of the other senses, the same prominent feature may also be expressed—namely, that in the brain and not m the mere organ of sense must be allocated the true seat of knowledge. The ear modifies waves of sound; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hearing. The finger touches an object; but the 6eat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the hand. The impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, there to hie analysed, commented upon, and if necessary, acted upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses, rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are conscious of looking at a real object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have seen. Such a sensation we call an "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we hear a tune played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called "subjective." But there are many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day- dreamer can sometimes bring the scenes in which he has once taken part so vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actually be broken by the words which unconsciously flow from his lips as his imagination 6tarts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imitation of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes which have once been objectively present with us. In the dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous combinations we are familiar with in the "land of Nod." And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts of science, the explanation of the otherwise curious and mysterious subject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain has the ordinary power of forming images which may be projected outwards in the form of the fancies of every-day life. But these projected fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requisite conditions. When we bear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in such a case is an internal or subjective one. When we see flashes of light which have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms'of Nicolai, like the sparks or flashes of light, are subjective sensations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain, which would have received the impressions of sight had the objects in question had an actual existence. But the subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be found that illusive visions appear only when the health of thesubjectof these visitations is in a weakly state. The derangement of the health is the primary -cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the phantasms of Nicolai were persons whom he knew. Such visions then may be supposed to simply represent the effects of very recent images which had been received and stored in the brain, and which were evolved by the exercise of unconscious memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark may be made—memory again reproducing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whom he could not remember; mysterious reproductions, by the brain, of events which had been impressed thereon, but which had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom Nicolai may have simply heard described, could be thus produced, and present apparently the images of persons with whom he was not, as a matter of conscious memory, familiar. The brain, in other words, registers and remembers more th m memory can evolve; and it is reasona >le to conceive that forgotten images of things or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicolai's waking dreams. It is noteworthy that only after a long period of visitation from his fantastic friends did Nicolai begin to hear them speak. Thus, the sense of hearing had also come in time to lend its aid in propagating the illusions; and the fact that the visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the unconscious action of a mind which was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from within itself the comfort and consolation - of kindly friends. Last of all, that the material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of their host is proved by their disappearance on the resumption of the customary blood-letting and the improvement of the health—ail additional fact showing the relation of the healthy body to the sound mind. All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as the creatures of an imagination which,- through some brain disturbance, is enabled to project its visions forward on the seats of sense, as the " ringing " in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing- centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction of the present memory, and the unknown vision is the reproduction of a forgotten figure which has nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science may thus—as we have before had frequent occasion to assure our readers -^dispel the illusion by its free explanation ; and science has no higher function or nobler use than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious and brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge, 