Notes from the Universities. SYDNEY. ' COMING events,' as the old saying has it, 1 cast a shadow before,' and at the Univer- sity they seem to carry this practice to a disagreeable excess, for the coming ex- aminations have cast over everybody a deep and irredeemable gloom. Everything in the shape of sport, or amusement is viewed with forced but none the less stub- born in difieren ce,, so that those who direct the various societies have to use consider- able exertion in order to kindle.what is at best but the ghost of the enthusiasm of last term. Yet, in the midst of this general apathy, the Athletic Club, which has been in a state of coma during the two past terms, suddenly roused itself, and decided to hold a sports meeting on November 5. The newly appointed secretary is inde- fatigable, and, if the undergrads will but give him a little assistance, the meeting cannot fail to be successful. * We regret having tb announce that Mri Armstrong has tendered to the Senate his resignation as Lecturer on Classics. Mr.' Armstrong, besides being a brilliant scholar and clever teacher, has always been a prime favourite with the students. To him we are indebted for the existence of the Boat Club and the Undergraduates' Asso- ciation, and without his practical sympathy and assistance the 'Sports' Union would still be but the dream of a few isolated visionaries. Mr. Armstrong will be long remembered by the students, and his place cannot easily be filled. lie quits the University in order to go to the Bar, carry- ing with him the good wishes of all with whom he has come in contact. * On Saturchiy, November 1, the dramatic society will, at the Royal Standard Theatre, produce Robert Green's ' Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay.' This play, which seems to have been very popular about three hundred years ago, is certainly worth reviving. The action is lively and nevei flags for one instant. The weird anagic of the learned Friar Bacon is skilfully inter- woven with the pretty, sparkling tale of the love of Edward, Prince of Wales, for Margaret, the fair maid of Fressingfield: and of the noble treachery of Lacy, Earl of Lincoln, who wooes her for his lord and wins her for himself. Friar Bacon, in hi? cell at Oxford, shews Edward, by means ol his magic mirror j what Lacy and the far.] Margaret are doing at. Fressingfield. Sc the two threads of the story are artistically united, and the dénouement is brought about Pretty scenes succeed and relieve ont another in the most perfect manner, anc the scenes in the Suffolk village are redden: of the joyous freshness of English countr; life. The comic interest is sustained bj Balf, Edward's court fool, and Miles Bacon's simple stupid, but highly amusing subsi/.ar. There is a devil, too. in th< play, but he is a merry fellow of whomn< one could be afraid. : The society will be aided in this reviva by Miss Louise Davenport, who takes th part of Margaret, the fair maid of Pressing field, a character described by Professo Marsh as one of idyllic beauty. Wit" Miss Davenport's assistance, and under th able direction of Mr. Harry Leston, th dramatic society's somewhat daring ventur should turn out a great success. ri.' * The Boat Club seems to have not ye recovered from the state of stupor int which it was thrown by the defeat whic the eight sustained last month. Ver little rowing is being done by the members and no attempt has been made to ente crews for any of the events set down fe November 9. , The committee and member should -be on their guard against sue inactivity. In the present instance it i calculated to give rise to the impressio that all the available racing power of th club was embarked in the last eight. * On Friday';, 17th inst., Lady Carringto was entertained at the University by Mr Gurney and the lady undergrads. Tl ceremony took the form of a kind of garde party, and was.held on those plots of gras; covered- ground which are', by courtes; called tennis courts. Vigorous complain about : these courts is almost the on] manifestation of its existence which tl - Tennis Club bas given during tbe past year. *- * ai A good story concerning one of tbe answers given at the late senior public examination bas leaked out during tbe last few days. In the papers on Macbeth were two lines written as under, the words in italics to be explained : I come, GraymaUtin! "Why, how now, Hecat ? You look angerly. One student, after explaining Graymalhin quite correctly, as gray cat, wrote as follows : ' Hecat, more usually Tom cat in the English of the present day.' # * * The Senate has refused to allow the Dramatic Society to use the great hall for their forthcoming play. As they allowed it for 1 Blow for Blow,' a not particularly high-class melodrama, it is strange, to say the least of it, that they should refuse it for the production of an Elizabethan drama. The reasons commonly assigned are pevere, and we sincerely hope that there is no truth in the belief that they thought Byron's drama was by Lord Byron, and decided that ' Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay ' must be a farce, because the name has a comic sound. * * The Undergraduates Association has decided to hold a theatre night on Novem- ber 1. It will be held in the Boyal Standard Theatre, the association having taken over the whole of the gallery from the Dramatic Society. * During the past week the Sydney University has been the scene of at least two functions, both of which were of great interest to those who have the furtherance of the College for Women at heart. The first of these was Miss WoollejT,s concert given in the great hall of the University the proceeds of which were given towards the funds of the proposed new College In the Stenhouse Library was gathered £ crowd of maidens, and as Lady Carringtor entered she was met by two rows of gir Tgraduates arrayed in cap and gown, who after presenting her with a beautifu bouquet, followed in her ladyship's train ai she passed up to the seats reserved for he and them. *#* On Friday afternoon, the 17th inst., th girls' common room was gay with beautifu flowers and all the sigus of a heart; welcome. It was to be the occasion of farewell visit from Lady Carrington to th female undergraduates, in whose welfar she has always manifested the deepes interest, as witnessed by her continue attendance at the various meetings of th committee of the College for Womer Punctually at four o'clock her ladyshi arrived at the door of the great hall, wher accompanied by Lady Charles Scott, Mis Walen, and the children, she was receive by Sir W- and Lady Manning, Mr. Justit and Mrs. Windeyer, and a troop of unde graduates. After being introduced to number of the students Lady Carringtc led the way across the quadrangle to tl girls' common room, and kindly inspecte the various preparations made in h honour. The gathering, which had assum< the dimensions of a garden party, no dispersed itself over the Universi grounds, where, shortly, tea and coffe cakes, and ices were dispensed bj* numeroi willing hands, and the girls fulfilled OJ of the first duties of women in makii themselves useful to their visito: Amongst the party, besides the disti guished persons already noted, we Professor and Mrs. Gurney, Rector O'Brie Professor Kinross, Professor and M: Wilson, Mrs. Curnow, Mrs. C. B. Fairft Mrs. Badham, Miss Woolley, Mrs. ~\ Docker, and a number of other la members of the committee of the Colle for Women. Before leaving Lady Carrin ton very kindly presented copies of 1 own and Lord Carrington's photograph enlarged and beautifully lithographed, the girls' common room, also a lai photographic group of herself and 1 four little daughters, with the name each inscribed upon the card. It wai kindly gift, which will be treasured lo after her ladyship has left these shoi where her memory will long be remembei as an influence of all that was womai and true. ... r -. A general meeting of the Ladies' Oom- ¡ mittee of the Women's College was held ; in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, City, on Friday, October 17, with the Hon. Lady Carrington, president, in the chair. It was reported that the latest total of the subscription list was £2357 10s. 9d., of which £1586 13s. 3d. was paid, and of which £26 17s. 6d. had been received since last meeting. Mrs. N. Cohen, of Tam- worth, was elected a member of the com- mittee. Satisfactory progress was re- ported from certain parts of the country. A hearty vote of thanks to Miss Woolley and all those who assisted her in the con- cert in aid of the college on October 16 last was passed by acclamation. Miss Woolley, in a few well chosen words, acknowledged the vote. The usual monthly letter, prepared by the acting honorary secretary for transmission to the members in the country by the members in town who correspond with them, was read and approved. One of the chief items of news contained in it was that, a member having written to enquire if it would be possible for the Women's College to pro- vide instruction in such subjects as cookery and domestic economy, it had been resolved that the following answer should be sent : ' That the committee think that, since the colleges are independent, there would be nothing to preclude the teaching of such subjects, if money were provided for the same, and if the authorities of the college were willing to have them taught, and that it is highly probable that, if money were offered to establish lectureships in the same, it would be accepted.' Also that it had been pointed out that it would be for the Council of the new college, when elected, to decide. Touching reference was made to the early departure of Lady Carrington for Europe, and a hearty* vote of thanks to her for all the time and trouble she has so kindly given to the affairs of the committee was carried by acclamation. J. P. P., Sydney. \----- 