Mr. Irving and Miss Terry. A Reading of Macbeth, in Manchester. Whennvor Mr. Irving comes to Manohostor ho comes home (sayB tho Manchester Times of Juna 6). That pleasant word in oonneotion with this city has a world of moaning both for him und for us. Manchester is proud of being, if not tho mother, at least tho foster-mother, of the most gifted end fomons notor of tho day, and always woloomos him, as it did once again last night, with an enthusiasm and loving warn th which spring straight from tbe heart. Ho, too, hoars in happy romembranoo tho friends and andionces who encouraged and helped him in the olden timo, whon ho laboured — as ull young aspirants must — heavily and not withoutmomcntB of despondonoy tosurmountthe difficulties and ncquiro tho toohnioal knowledge of ono of tbo most delightful, yot oxaoting and loborions, of tbe fine arts. For tho sake of auld lung syno ho over givoa to Manohester bis very best, and to pleasure it would, if it wero pos sible, gladly traneoend himself on every new occasion. No moro graoefnl way of show ing his affectionate rogard for his former surroundings could havo boon adopted than his quiot announcement tho other day to tho promotors of tbo G. F. Sinclair bonofit fund of bis Laving taken auah measures that henceforth his old comrade on tlio Theatre Royal stago would want not for tho rest of his life. "When Mr. Irving stopped upon tha shrub-decked stage of the Freetrado Hall last night, it was evident that ho had mado up his mind not only to pleaeo but to surpriso his old admirers. They had seen the efloot whioh could bo produced when the actor was aided by all tbo cluborate paraphernalia and illusion of tho modern stage; thoy should now bo thown how unnecessary all this is— how almost impertinent it is — when the wonderful words of the great master aro intorpretod by ono who has studied them so dooply that ihoy havo entered into his very soul, and bocemepart of his being. This Mr Irving grandly accomplished. All adventitious aids woro thrown aside, and by pore facial ex pression, infiootion of voice, and slight aotion of Land and eyo ho brought vividly before his hearers not only tho " bloody thane" himself as if in actual bodily presence, but tho wholo wild and tumultuous action of the play. Those " soorot, foul, and midnight hags, the throe witches, each stood oat clearly differentiated from the othor ; into eaoh a spooial and distinct malignity was infused, and it hardly needed tho assistance of the xoollcnt orchestra to call before the mind's eye tho caul dron and tho hell -broth which in it "boiled and bubbled." Tho motive of the reading was to represent the conception whioh has bsen foimod by these two great artists of the characters of Maoboth and bis wife. Other portions of tho play and othor personalities were therefore subordinated unless their introduction was necessary to throw light on some phaso of the mental and moral damnation into whioh a "vaulting ambition" had hurriad theso two unhappy souls. Broadly speaking, Mr. Irving's reading of tho character agrees with that of tha priuce of Shakespearian oritios, Haziitt. Mr. Irving depicts him in tho beginning as good of heart und infirm of purpose, desirous to do tho right, but readily accessible to flattery, aud oasily led when self- aggrandisement is tbo luro. Yot, though ho succumbs to tbe foul suggestions of his wife, and blackens his soul witb orimo after crime, tho bettor self will not bo kept down ; end it was in suggesting that bis mental aberrations, his seeing the spectral dagger, tho ghost of Bnuquo, and tho like, wero uduiabra- tioiis of the inherent good in him, rather than tho ordinary aotion of remorse, that Mr. Irv ing showed the keenness of his insight, and the subtle fineness of his expository powers. Tho banquet tceno, for instance, though Mr. Irving was for the most part tho sole speaker, hold his audience spellbound, because tbey could see on bis own faeo tbo etrugglo betwoen bis good and ovil genius that was taking placo in tbo miud of Macbeth. When, however, evil had at length gained tbo mastery and tboro was noth ing loft but the moro savage, Mr. Irviug was equally suggestive and impressive, aud tho elocution of tha fight soeno with Macduff was as stirring and us fierce as tbo most bloodthirsty could desire. Iu striking contrast witb Lis depiction of tho mental agonies of Maobotli was his graceful, ' tender, and affecting rending of the passages iu whioh Macduff is told of the destruction of his castle aiijl the murder of his wife aud ohildren. Tho low, agonised whisper of tho words, " Did you say all ? What, all my pretty ohiokeas and tboir dam at one foil swoop ? " seemed to out to every heart liko a knife. Miss Terry looked and spoko like a very queen. Fortunately there are none now who reinembor Siddons, therefore for ub Mibb Terry is Siddons, for there is none other with whom she ean bo compared. Her greatest triumph was in the sleep- walking scene. To succeed in thia is to suooeod in all, for this demands all the art, fooling, and power which the moBt highly cultivated and endowed actress oan possess. Those who hoard her thrice-repeated sigh will bo haunted by its ageny for many a day. Tho roading was mado more complete by the performance by Mr. Irving's own orchestra from tho Lyceum Theatre, strengthened by numerous looal musi cians, of the overture and inoidental muaio for the; play composed by Sir Arthur Sullivan. 'Jlio reading, though by no moans a now de parture, for Mr. iirandrom has already mado audi performances popnlar, was an iutelloilaal treat of the highest order, and that it was greatly enjoyed by tho crowded audionoo was evident from tho hearty applause whiuk marked its teimination. 