Turf Talk. An aftornocm's prograeamo waa run through a Epsom laBfc Saturday, with the following resulta Hurdlo Raoo : Sluggard 1, Aristides 2, Grand Cour 3 Sellinc: Race : Typhoon 1, Lualand 2, Molanor í Glen Huntley Handicap : lied Rose aud Knight of th Gartor dead heat, King Hilly 3. Corinthian Fla Race : Sluggard 1, Saved 2, Rouge et Noir 3. Epsor. Stakes : Perfeetio 1, Torpedo 2, Summer 3. A ooupl of pony raoea woro won by Nolly and SousoDg. According to our local correspondent, tho annus race meeting at Thargomindah on the first day of th year was a suocoss. Tho placed horse» woro: Maidoi Plato: Easilo Hawk 1, Soa Breeze 2, Arrah-ua-Pogu 3\. Grass-fed Corinthian : Darobin 1, Marakwa 2 Gydea 3. Christmas Handicap : Try Again 1 ¡Minor 2, Jubileo 3. Hurdle Raoo: Jolly 1 Messenger 2. Diatriot Raoo : Jow Boy 1, Gydei 12\. Flying Handicap : Jubiloo 1, Minor 2, Tr; Again 3. Blackfellows' Race: Mira 1, Jo 2, Bosco 3. The different events on the ol day's programmo resulted as follow :-Farowel Handicap : Jubiloe 1, Miner 2, Eaglo Hawk 3. Gras Fed Hurdlo Raco : Pdgrim 1, Ghost 2, Dundoo 3\. Hurdlo Raoo : Jolly 1, Minor 2. Hack Raoo Daisy 1, Lydia 2, Marakwa 3. Consolation If andi oap : Giraffe 1, Tornado 2, Miner 3. Tho annual raco mooting belo at Orango on Janu ary 1, produoed tho following results :-Flying Handi cap-Rosulr., 1; Piety, 2; Amethyst, 3. Publii Auotion Stakes-Tambourine, 1; Rowona, 2; Tam hour Major, 3. New Year's Gift-Forbes, 1 ; Lotti Loo, 2; Amethyst, 3. Ladies'Milo-Piety, 1; R suit 2 ; Camperdown, 3. Forbos Handicap-Forbes, 1 Letta Leo, 2 ; Kenmore, 3. Vory good sport was witnessod at Forbes oi January 1, when tho following woro tho results Opening Handicap-Jocasta, 1 ; Cyclone, 2 ; Claro light, 3. Handioap Trot-Hopeful, 1 ; Lady Jane 2; Sailor, 3. Now Yoar's Handicap- Jocasta, 1 Cyclone, 2; Chorus, 3. Hack Race-Last Try Flying Handicap- Umslopogads, 1¡ Remorse, 2¡ BarriBtor, 3. Farewell Handicap-Umslopogads, 1 Roaiorso, 2 ; His Luok, 3. At 10'ldog in tho shade it is hardly possible to enjoj racing, This was tho stato of affairs on the first daj of the Hay New Yoar's Day meeting. On tho s^oonc 'day it is naid to havo boon hotter still. Results: Maiden Plato: Mazurka 1, Miss Tandy 2, Laura 3 Time Trot: Nurao 1, Dick 2, Dolly 3. Now Yoar'i Gift : Socioty 1, Khedivo 2, Genoe 3. Novel Rnoo Yea 1, Clubfoot 2, Ellie 3. Publicans' Pnrao Tempest 1, Quilp 2, Whoro's the Cat, 3. Hurdle Race : Society 1, Marchioness 2, Little John 3. Mid summer Handioip : G-'noo and Betty Cobb, doue heat, 1, Khedivo 3. Disposal Stakes: Where's thc Cat 1. Froe Handicap : Dovergo 1, Betty Cob 2, Masher 3 Time Trot: Blossom 1, Star 2, Tau o'shanter 3. Mr. E. E. A. Oatley baa still farther added to his Btring of horses in training, having pnrohased Knight Templar from Mr. J. H. Want. Tho horse will at ouco go up to Warwick Farm. According to a report from the north, the amount of monoy paused through tho totalieator machines at the meetings hold recently at Ipswich, Toowoomba, Sand gate, and Gympio waa ¿6800U. Mr. H. Oxenham has purchased Handover for ¿£300 from Mr. N, Johns, of Newcastle. Tho total amount ot prize monoy won at the Town complimentary meeting was ¿2720. Thiß wus out up aa follows: Mesara. H. Oxenham, ¿6215 ; B. D. Sweet land, ¿Cl 75; J. Cook, ¿6150; G.D.Wood, ¿690; T. Daly, ¿650 ; T. Payten, ¿620; F. Martineer and W. J. Forroator, ¿810 oach. W. Frost, at one time known as a very successful aniatour horseman, both in this colony and Qaeens I land, has soonrod training quarter* at Moorefield, I Ho has under his care at the present time Oakstain, O'Jane, Waxy, Little Billy, Grip, and Southern i Cross. I Tho hurdle horse Sluggard appears to bo in good form juat at tho present time, cooing that ho won tho Hurdle Raco and Corinthian Handicap Flat Raoo at Epsom, on Saturday laat. Tho many friends of Tom Hill, tho well-known Adelaide trainor, will bo sorry to hear that ho has beon laid up. According to " Trumpator," how ever, ho is now recovering. Owing to thero being no holiday on January 27, the Adelaide Racing Club will thia year hold its summer raco mooting on January 25. That Agaoan still gallop was shown on January 1 in the race for tho Welter Handioap at Eagle Farm, which ho won by a length from Wing. Aga was ridden by Waddol, who was aaaooiatod with First Demon's wins. In this ÍPBUO will bo found the full conditions of tho Sydney Driving Park Club's Sires' Produce Stakes of 1891. It ia a s« oep of 4 BOVS each, with 10 sova from tho nominated sires. Foals are to be named and desoribod by 4 p.m. on January 17 ; so thai there ia no time to lose. This Btake should pro duce an excollont contest, both in 1891 and 1892 (when they again contest ns threc- yoara-oldaj. A two days' pony race meeting is to bo hold ot Moorefield on January 21 and 23, whoa a moat attractive lot of evonts will bo run through. Tho club will givo away close upon ¿6600 on tho two days. With such a variety of prizes and distances, ail classes of ponies should be auitod. Tho general entry will close on Monday noxt. Permission has been given by tho A.J.C. for tho holding of a raco mooting on the Rosehill racocourae on February 19. Tho proceeds aro to go to tho Par ramatta Hospital fund. Tho following resolutions aro to bo moved at tho A. J.C. annual general meeting : By Mr. G. Russell Jones-" That inasmuch aa tho members of tho Australian Jockey Club committeo couatituto a court of appoal on all racing mattors, it be rosolyod that they aro for tho future debarred from holding seata on tho committee of any other racing club in Now Mouth Wales." By Mr. H. A. Skinner ''That the committee be requested to amend Bylaw H. by the elimination of all tho words after the word 'specified' in the fifth line, and the substitution of of the following-'together with their horses and vehicles, and ladies accompanying memberB.' " At a suie of raoehorseB held in Melbourne on Janu I ary 2 by Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co., the following thoroughbreds were disposed of : Ginger, to S. Mil 11er, 330 guineas; Radoo, J. Cripps, 225 guineas; Menotti, P. O'Lougblin, 250.guineafl. ...... Tba annual general mooting of tho membara of tho Murrumbidgee Turi Club will bu hold on February o. Matador has oneo more returned to tho training tracks. He looks big and woll ; tho spell having evidently done him a iot of good. On January 0 Mr. T. S. Clibborn held a salo of horses, at which Bernardo found a purohasor in Mr. E. McCarty at i'oOga. Tho price Í3 a fair ono, but tho bursa IH woll worth it, Tho only other ealoa of noto wore that of Stophanotis, for 3"ga, to Mr. A H. Barkloy, and Teddy Yuille, 55ga, to Mr. T. Stewart. A most satisfactory lot of entries wore received on January tí for tho raco mooting to bo held at Warwick Farm on January 18. Tho total number reoeived waa 108, mado np as follows : Hurdle Iiaco 18, Flying Handicap 25, Exchange Plato 12, Liverpool Handicap 21, and Paco Wolter 32. Tho latest scratchings for tho Eosohill mooting aro -Union Handicap j Messenger. Sovereign Hurdle Eaco : Grafton. A raco meotinjr to bo hold at Merri Abba, near Hay, has boen registorod. Tho meeting takes placo on January 10. Vory good ontrios havo beon rooeivod for tho minor events on tho programme of tho Anniversary Day moating of tho Sydney Turf Olub. The Hurdle Race attracted 12, Sovereign Plato 24, Nursery Handicap 18, and Corinthian Plato 19, making a total of 73 for tho four ovonts. With auch a careful trainor as the New Zealandor, W. Milne, Mr. Woat's string of horsoa, consisting of E ist Lynne, Weat Lynno, Lindsay, &c;, should do well. They occupy privato quarters in tho vicinity of Canterbury Park, and work on the local race course. Elovon entries havo beon rooeivod for tho Donili qum Sires' Produce Stakes. Sovontoen nominations havo beer rooeivod for tho Hobart Cup, to be run for on FobT aary 5. Arsonal'a namo appoura among tho number. This colony has contributed no loss than 23 ont of tho 100 ontries tor tho Newmarket Handicap. Among our lot aro somo of tho speediest horses in training-viz., Aristocrat, Cinderella, Consoquonce, Rudolph, Dreadnought, and Antreus. Now Zea l»nd ia represented by Tiraillour, Jot d' Eau, and Il mato ; and Quoenaland by Fernando and Bendigo. Tho Victorian cliviaion aro a vory oxoellont lot, in cluding such good onoa as Carbiuo, Boz, Bravo, Sedition, Morriment, Russloy, &o.; Only forty-five nominations have boon rooeivod for tho Australian Cup, fiftoon of whioh wero sont from Sydnoy, which include among their number Molos, Dreadnought, Anforas, and Sir William. A handsome gold watch and ohain, valued at 80ga, wore on Monday preaontod to Mr. Clarence H. Hannoll, prosident, handicapper, and judge, for tho Newcastle Jockoy Club. Mr. Hannoll is about to pay a visit to Tasmania and New Zealand for the benefit of his health. According to report, "booka" should do well at Johannesburg, in Africa. An exchango says that ovory man, woman and child in the placo takes an interest in raoing. Tho owner of Lamond has dooided to treat tho golding to a six montha' spoil in tho paddocks at Singleton. Tho horso needs it, having loat all form. Tho latest scratchings in connection with tho Sydnoy Turf Club event3 aro as follow : Challenge Stakos-Sydnoy and Fernando. Anniversary Handi cap-Fernaudo, Sydney, and Sinoouro. Vory fair entries havo boen receivod for tho Bong Bong Picnic Races to be held on January 1G and 17. It appears that the ownor of old Myles-na-Coppa lot n is anxious to give him another trial on tho raco track. Tho old horso heads tho list with 9et 81b in tho Flying Handicap, to bo run for at tho Lower Manning Jockoy Club Mooting on January 27. According to report, tho Christmas mooting of tho Milparinka Turf Club was poorly attended. Tho winners wore : Maidon Plate, Little Dick ; Railway Handioip, Harry Maitland; Christmas Handioap, Regret ; Flying Handioap, Tolarno ; Farowoll Handi cap, Rogrot. At a meeting of the Maitland ámatour Pionio Race Club held on Tuosday it was resolved to hold a day's racing on Monday, January 27, when ¿£120 will bo given in prize money, together with a cup value 30gs, presented by tho Mayor, Mr. J. Gillios, for a mombers' race. A pony and trotting race meeting was hold at Rosehill on Wednesday last, whon tho placed horses woro as follow :-The Shorts: Calm, 1; Madge, 2; Queen, 3. Galloway Selling Race : Sally, 1 ; Pel ham, 2 ; Victor, 3. Timo Trot ; Deoamora, 1 ; Free trader, 2 ; Trickett, 3. Pony Handicap : Crosspatch, 1 ; Lady Jane, 2 ; Tompe, 3. Pony Soiling Raco ; Empress L, 1 ; Deuoo of Hearts, 2 ; Mattie, 3. Gal loway Handicap : V.I.,1; Empress, 2 ; Surry, 3. At a raco meeting held at Elsternwick Park on Wednesday, tho January Handioap was won by Soasong, with Coronation and Honora second and third. The Trot was won by Mystery ; and the Soil ing Race by Abrupt. 