A CORNISH CELEBRATION. A 'Cornish Association has recently boon formed in Adolaido^outh Australia, and its acbivo career was brilliantly inaugurated by a banquob in tho Adolaido Town Hall on February 21, at^iich His Excolloncy tho Acting-Governor 'on Prosidenb of tho Association presided, and thoro woro pre sent most of tho leading public men of tho city. Wo roproduco from tho S.A. Rkuisteii bho bwo principal speeches, and doubt not they will provo interesting reading to tho Cornishmon resident in this district). and bo many who do nob hail from tho -lhorn shaped land' : — Mr. J. L. Bonybhon proposed ' Tho Old Homo,' words which ho said ought to kindlo tho enthusiasm of Cornishmon. (Choora.) Cut off from tho rest of England it was no wondor that Cornwall had characteristics peculiarly its own. With tho Atlantic Ocoan on ono sido and tlio British Channol on tho othor, Cornwall was a poninaula possessing a charm which was attached bo-no other part of England, oxcopt it may bo a portion of Devonshire, and that county was onco a portion of Cornwall. It had a coastlino unsurpassed anywhere -a coasblino which presented an almost endless panorama of scenery, grand in its sublimiby, or dolightful in ibs pictur osquoncss, effects which art admired, but failed adequately to transfer to canvas. It was a land of contrasts andsurprises, in somo parts wonderful for ibs fertility, inobheraex braordinary for its barrenness. Physical aurroundings had played no unimporbanb part in moulding Cornish character. Al moabj ovory parb of bho county was within sound of tho never-resting soa. And it was not sunrisinir that in tho murmur nr roar of tho ocoan thoro had been a message tolling Cornishmen, as it told bho Phcunicians of old, that their mission was not confined bo the tract of country in which thoy lived, but that ib was limitod only by tho extent of tho world. (Choors.) Cornwall was known to tho Phoenicians, and it was even said that Cornishmon supplied them witli the mutori.il out of which they mado bheir god. Phcunicians kopb up constant communication with Corn wall, and it was more than possible that Phoenician blood flowed to-day in Cornish veins. Against tho Romans and the Saxons tho foreigners of the horn-shaped land,! as tho Cornishmon woro known, wero ublo to hold their own. Cornwall continued Christianwhen tho Suxons carried England back to Paganism. (Hear, hoar.) Tlio Norman Duko parcelled out tho land in tho country amongst his friends, but tho Normans mado no great impression. Sinco then, howovor, Cornwall had become moro distinctly, a part of England, and tho county's history had been thab of tho country, aud what a long list of illustrious names — of ecclesiastics, sbabesmen, warriors, lawyors, authors, and artists— Corn wall had contributed to tho honour-roll of Enslund. (Applause.) Thoro aro peoplo who boast of a great and glorious future. Cornishmon coulo poast of a great and glorious past, and it w«B tho past which moulded tho future (Loud cheors.) Cornwall wnB not merely a land of facts. Ib was a land of romnuce — romnnco which had so blonded itself with the truth that thoy were inseparable, and had had perhaps equal influence on the national life. Queen Elizuboth said the Cornish gentlemen woro all born courtiers with a becoming confidence. (Cheers.) That was substan tially tho statement which had bcon mado by evory writer on Cornwall since the days of tho ltomans. All had borno testimony t« tho many excellent qualities which wont to mako up the Cornish character, and which gave to tho Cornishman his individu ality. It had beon said that their Coltio blood made bhoni ardent and vivacious, and that thoir almost isolatod position hud mado thorn solf-relianb and versatile. To tho Cornishmau thero was no scono too distant from his homo, no enterprise too difiiuulb, provided bhere was a reasonable prospuct of success and of suilioiont reward. Descended from bhe Phoenicians, like tho Phoenicians Cornishmon woro everywhere, bub, unlike tho Phoenicians, not so much to push tho commerce of, tho world as to develop its natural resources. Thoir monuments woro in overy continent, and no pooplo had dono more to build up tho British Empiro than tha pooplo of Corn wall. But tho Oomishmen, in thoir pride if raoo never forgot that thoy wore citizens )f tho British Empire. In conclusion ho laraphrasod a famous Baying — 'Doubtless jod might havo nimlo a butter land, but loubtleBH Ho never did. ' (Loud applause). His Excellency tho Acting Governor (Mr lustico BouoauL), who was received with prolonged applauso, said thoy had been tailed what wore tho aims of tho Assooia ;ion. In adition to thoso already givon ;hoy hopod that any who were sick or in listress would be rolievod. (Cheers.) Not jnly woro C^rnislimon oouibiurs, but thoy tvoro modest peoplo. (Laughtor). They [ackod bho obtrusivonoss of tho foreigners ivho livod easb of tho Tamar, and unlike a :ertain peoplo bo whom Anthony Trollopo referred wero not givon to blow. Thoy had an ancient and oroditablo history. Whon tho foriegners east of the Tamar were clothing themselves wich skins in winter the Cornishmen wero doing bUBJ ness with tho Phoenicians bhrough their tin. Their hereditary skill in mining had boen proved in many parts of tho world, not excluding South Australia. (Hear, hear.) The enemy, too, had said that tho Cornish captains had just as much skill in working tho public as in working tho minos. (Loudlaughtor.)Thatwasadiscreclitablelibel bub ib was no disparagement to the Cornish intellect. Their modern history was honor able. They resisted the Romans, but parts of tho country wero nearly overrun by tho hordos of Saxons. Nevertheless Cornish men woro still Cornishmen, Cornish names woro still Cornish names, and tho Cornish raco was still tho CoruiBh race, and by no moans SiiSBonaoh. They maintained thoir own languago. Until tho eighboonbh con |;UI V OU1IIIW1IU tl V» W Viyil' V11JU ill. UUllI^«-At and in the prosent century mon who still lived had spnkon Cornish. Thoy only abandoned it, tho prottieabof harmonic dia lects, for bho vulgar tongue of tho Sasson arlia no as hotter to got at thorn. (Loud laughtor.) Coming to still moro modern times CorniMnnon woro moro or less inter ested in tho Portugese ombroglio, becuuso in tho twelfth contury thoy helped tho Portugueso against tho Moors, and in tho fifteenth coutury against thu S^vuiiurtls. They had maintained their own laws in sonic respcebs, and stjll had their Minors' Stannary Courts. Mr. J. B. Noalos intro duced tho Cornish law to South Australia hi 18ti5. Tho Corniah laws wero subject only to Romish laws mado nt Truro in a Parliament i\t which tho Stanuaters wero rop,rosented. And if it happened bhab tho British En- pire werobrokon into fragments, which Gnd forfoud— (loud cheers)— thero, was no part of the island of Groat Britain which had a botter claim to a hiwo 1'iirlia mont than Cornwall. Qovifttshmen had beon twitted nUo\\\t KhfiV nvwrs, but tho heaths of. tho U'fniah mom's wero tho most bcitutif ul 'V the. woi'ldi. TIrto worvuo inovo beautiful valleys in, tbo whole world. ' Ho had scon hvdvangeiia, myritloB, fuchsias, geranium.^ an.d wuriollioa growii into lar«o Unnhos:-c#iiainly bhey nnvoi: grow so largo beyond tho Tftnwr. Cornislimou had ono disadvantage— they could nob skate bo oatiso (.hero was no winter. Hub they mado up for tliab by supplying tho. foreigner with tho oirly fvujts,. an.it, by (jotting his tin bonelttvd, y»iijr pockets Hu would not ta\k; of thoir fishories, their song life, thoii cuppor and tia industries, their par co. ain clay, or' ' thoir antiquities, ci«nlQoliBf thft motiuiivha tho cirolsa I othor itoihains of primeval times far more interesting than any othors in tho island, nor of tlio pluck and strength of the Saltash womon oxcopt to say that tho crow ' of whioh Ann Glanville was stroke, and -*? which ho had soen, would ho bolioved havo beaten any crow of mon and given them n couplo of mon extra. (Cheers.) Ho, howovor, boasted of tho Cornish pixiew, far moro lovable, gontlo creatures than tho fairios ovor tho Tamar. Thoir ghosts woro terrors— (lauglitor)— and ho woll romom bercd how numerous thoy woro in ft church- ' ' ??- yard through which ho had to pass, with ' ' ' : ' a bramble bush tied behind him, which i ' ho was in fear of losing ovciry moment. ' '?'' Tho Cornish lovod fair play. Thoy did not ' '.'' kick in wrostling in his timo, nlthough lio ' '''' had boon bold thab bho Devon pooplo had ' somewhat corrupted thorn Binco. It was ovon said that a congregation on wreckago intont would wait for the pastor so that he ? . might havo a fair share. (Loud laughter.). , Ho would rof or to some of tho Cornish worthies. Thoro woro Sir Humphroy. Davy, Trowibhick, Tangyo, Butlor, Noy, ' (i Opio, Footo, Elliott, and tho Earl of ' Chatham. Lawyors camo from Cornwall, and Mr. Justice Bullon, ono of tho groat est of English common law Judges, was a Cornishmau. Thoro was no roll on earth ? .... moro glorious. And thoy could 'talk of their families— tho Arundels, bhe Trelaw noys, bho Godolphins, bho Pitts, the Trofusiaos, tho Boscawons, and tho Gra vities, many of whom woro in tho Peerage. Whon it camo to fighting Oornish mon were always thoro when wanted. Hud' not Richard Brindlo, in the Revenge, with half his crow sick, gono out against fifty Spanish ships, and killed moro than four times tho numbor of his own crow before ho succumbed 1 And did not Sir Edward Pollew, in tho La Nympho, with a orow of which bwo-bhirds woro raw Cornish miners, go oub and bring in tho French frigabe Cleo patra ? (Cheers). Historians often said bhat Cornishmen formed the reservo and many times turned tho tido of battle. If all the ? .; Englishmen had fought as woll as bhe Cor nishmon tho country would have been saved for Charles tho FirBt, who in a long letter thanked tho Cornishmon for the services they had rendered without rgward. The Cornishmen woro a small population —about the Bamo as that of South Aus tralia—and they occupied a small portion of the earth's surface ; yot ho said that on the faco of God's earth thero did not exist, there novor did exist, and, judging by the tendencies and circumstances of the human raco now, there never could exist 'a nation - U ?' so sparse in population and with such a limited territory with so long continued and so glorious a history. Tho close of his Excellency's brillionb,' I' humourous, and patriotic speech was greobod with prolonged applauso. 