TUB COAL SUPPLY. AT THE CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES. The .ordinary meeting of tho council of tlio Chamber of Manufactures was held last evening; tho president (Mr. F. Poolman) iu the chair. Tlio Chairman pointed out that their factories wcro shutting down day after day for want of coal, and thoy ought to consider tho propriety of approaching the Governmcnt ou the subject of obtaining a sufficient supply. Mr. Stoinfcld said that the industries of the colony had been paralysed owing to the unfor tunate misunderstanding that had arisen between tho ship ownors aud tho Trades Iiall Council. They represented 3000 manufacturers and 52,000 working men, and ought to tako somo action. He moved : — That a deputation from this chamber wait on the Premier, and submit the following proposition for his careful consideration, viz.: — That inasmuch us a settlement of tho differences existing between tiio ship owners and the Trades llall Council is apparently far o if, .and consequently that there are no immediate prospects of a coal supply, the want of Which is paralysing tho industries of the colony, and bringing ruin to many thousands of persons, Parliament should bo invited to pass an act with out Joss of time declaring imported coal a Stato monopoly, and providing that tho Government shall liavo power to press ships, cither sailing ' vessols or steamers, or both, into tlic Stato scrvico, ami toman and despatch them forcoal to suchporU as thuy deem advisable, and upon obtaining such coal to disposo.of it at fair cash prices to tlio people of tills colony for manufacturing and domestic use. Tiio meaning of this proposition was that the Government alone should have the right of purchasing and selling coal ponding the settle ment of tho present dispute. People would bo forced into rebellion almost if the difficulty continued much longer. (No.) Mr. Jacobs seconded the motion. Ho did not agrco with it, but it was desirable that it- should bo discussed. Mr. Blylli said tlio idea contained in the motion was utterly Utopian. Thorc was noth ing practical iu it. It was likely 'to lead to great difference of opinion, and they ought to pass on to tho next business. Mr. Levi nlso disagreed with the motion. Tiio Government should assist iu providing meant of transit to Victorian coal mines.- That was the practical way of dealing with this matter, lio believod the Ministry were favorably con sidering a proposal to that end. Sir. ttniders said that the need of coal was very great indeed, und( whilst ho could not agrco with tho motion, it certainly was within the proviuco of the chamber to suggest some feasible scheme. Why evcu should not a coal mine be bought? 'Mr. Ely tli said that a factory in which he had an interest had been closed for sovon weeks. He felt tho want of coal as much as any one, but did not bnliovo it could be procured in tliu colony. If there was such a lot of payable coal in Victoria, why was it not brought to market? Commercial means had failed to develop thoso mines, and whero thoy failed tho Government could not succeed. Even if the Government bought a mine, whero would they got the miners to worlc it? (Hear, hear.) Mr. Godfrey said tho idea of pressing ships and creating a monopoly was odious to all British people. He considered the best plan would bo for the Government to aid in provid ing transit for Victorian coal. Mr. BIytU : There is no Victorian coal that will produce a hard heat. Mr. D. White said the motion had not the ghost of a chanco, and moved that they pass on to the uoxt business, which wus oarriou. Tho 11 visible "coal supply of Melbourne is at tlie present time nil, so far as the stocks in the liandsof private firms and dealers are concerned, and it is stated that there is at present no pros pect ot any moro coming to hand owing to the shutting down of the Newcastle mines. The Gas Company, however, stato that they havo suffi cient in hand to last until their stock is replenished from Japan and from other parts ' of the world, aiid that supplies from these places are now clo36 at hand. When they arrive tho company lias no fear of running short before Christinas. The Railway Commissioners also stato that they have sufficient to last until tlie first steamer arrives from Japan, and that thoy nro receiving offers from various places which will give tlicm an ample supply. 