TOPICAL TAPS. Beloved, , . Once more . . "We give yon greeting Preparatory to seeing our only Toole to night. # We are also going in hot for woman's rights, « And the Hartist has taken up thoir cause with enthusiasm » ' And insists upon the dear creatures wearing breeches. Therefore, let us modestly proceed. A brace of game— Two hairs. a Peat of strength — Smilor's in summer time. A travollor on the Western lino — Jock Frost. Chips off tho old block — Boarding-house . steaks. IPs funny whon you go ont fishing, And find your boat girl in the way As ; oil lie in the. boat quietly wishing That somebody 'd lot go her stay. ,-v . # # ' An uprightruler — A round stick standing ; erect. . - # A thin, melancholy poem is fat for the printer. » A total Eclipse — After the Cup at Band- ' wiok last Saturday. # A dear girl — If she goes to the races and oosts a fiver for " fizz." vN Make" your homo happy, even if to do so you have to stay away from it. Does a man-of-war go on a whaling voyage when it starts out to whip some body P " Short' visits are the best," as the fly. said when ho alighted on the stove. #, # » Brother Jonathan grows a tree in the. . . far West that produces sausages ready fried, and little cups to hold the gravy. X , " I was borne to rule," said the Booster, as he discussed a whisky and soda, "but, , d n it, tlie missus gets there all tho same." a " You have only yourself topleaso," said a married mnn to a bachelor. " True," replied bo, " but you cannot tell what a' difficult task I find it." "My wife is practicing dumb-bells," said an athlete, proudly. " Aro flioy any softer than flat-frons ?" queried bis friend. a " Yow liair is all down, mj r dear," ho said to a fair barmaid. " Perhaps you'vo noticed the same thing about your moustache," was the reply. Epitaph on a gravestone in Norfolk : " Tits ITavca K!f ftm Pn ronn Hew eamo it to pass ? The Morse lieavd tho Parson say All Hosb is grass." . # a a . Prom the Daii/v Telegbaph — GEJMES-t-Oii the 9tb inst., at Leichhoidl, El. James' Pork, Mr. Percy GrimeB— a daughter. Well, Grimes is a-going of it! # > . Varley is getting made mince-mefit of in New Zealand, where they won't stand him at any price — not even at the prico ho charges for admission to his unclean lectures. Ada : ' Why, ono of your cheeks is as red as fire and tho other pale as that of a ghost." Ella : ' Yes, Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other," # Medical Student : " Do you know, Polly dear, that the human heart is equal to the lifting of one hundred and twenty pounds every twenty-four hours ?" Polly: "How stsango: that's just my weight.'' " What a poor spirited creature you are, John?" said Mrs. Brown j "I wish you'd be either a man or a mouse." " I wish I was a mouse," said John, ' I'd make you climb that bedpost pretty quick." ; # # " Anything fresh in the city this morn- ing," Inquired tho broker. : " Oh, yes. . Look where that horse ha»| been standing," replied the opium chewer ' # # # Country editor : " We refer 'to a mistake ' which occurred in last week's edition. In referring to a gentleman we described him as a ' rough-hewn diamond,' it should have been a ' ruffianly demon.' We trust our readers will forgive tlie mistake." « A Louisiana negro went to New Orleans and got a ' woman to " hoodO" or bless a certain root, "and thon returned borne and went to doctoring a lot of negroes down with .the swamp fever. After thirteen of ' thorn had diod under his treatment he was sent to '.gaol to let tlie remainder of them get Veti., - When a man tries to sew on his shirt- button at tho back of his. neck and jams the necdlo into his thumb be recognises marriage, is not altogether a failure. « First 'Varsity Student: "Bumyer's the. moanest man in tho college." Second ditto : " Begad/ your right. He'd; take tho beam out of his own eyo if lie1 thought ho could sell it for timber." ; # # When P. T. Barnuui said farewell to an , English circus manager the latter re- ' mnrked, "Wo shall meot in heaven, my dear Barnum." Tho showman looked thoughtful for a moment and then said : ' " Yes — if you nre there," a. " Blast those bally cats," said Early Bird. "I don't believe I'vo slept an hour all night." "Well you're better ofT than they are, dad," Baid the youngest fledgling, "for they've not slept a minute." a a a Maiden lady going to roost : " Bless my soul, there's a man under the bed." xuease, it s oniy me, . no saici j " jl in the foliar you begged off at court last weekt and I thought I'd step in and thank you." And he did, too, and- she accepted him. # In the Spring tho landlord's fancy Lightly turns to thoughts of rent, And with avaricious glanco ho Makcth kuoivu his discontent. Then the tenant finds new quarters, Bettor than the old and cheap ; Whilo a vacant houso all summer Makes the landlord seem .a sheep. # # # Tho United States Treasury Department uses 18,000 towels a month The depart ment ought to have a pretty clean record. Wo wonder how long it is since our de partment's towels were sent to tho wash . # "You may kiss mo before you go. George. But you must only take one." "I swear it," hoyolled. " Then you can leave it alone, and go without any," B'he replied. AAA The Emu's Hopeful : " Dad, how do they catch lunatics ?" Cynical Father : " With good-shaped well developed busts, decollete dresses, and fourteen- buttoned gloves, my dear boy." # . There is an old proverb which says i : " It makes all the difference as to which . end of a horn comes foremost." The same might be said wifti triple emphasis of the ' hornet. . » # » Young Stayer, at 11.55 p.m. : " What a chawming song that was, I wish you would repeat it. What is it called?" Miss Bored : " I chose it because I thought it might be new to you. It's en titled Going.' " # Brown (reading a newspaper) i "The Japanese have one very peculiar custom." Mrs. Brown: "What is that?" "Tliey invariably take off thoir shoes on entering a house." " Yes, the custom is rather peculiar, inasmuch as it is practised at all hours instead of at night only." Brown collapsed. All men try to get tho earth, but the earth always gets them. This is no joke, it is a " grave " truth. # » A coquctto is a box of snuff, from which . ; every lover gets a pinch. Her husband gets tho box — on tho ear. That's snuff 1 ...? # " My good man," said Mr. Varley, with a severe aspect, putting his hand on the Prodigal's shoulder, " I believe Satan has ' got hold of you." " I'm bally certain of it," snid the latter worthy, turning round, and finding he was communing with tho'Notting Hill butcher. " Conio and have a drink." \- a ' "This," said tho lecturer, as the lantern changed theslido, "is tho famous city of 'Eidolbnrg. .Hit his noted for hit's nniver- ' sity and bother hbiterestin' hinstitutions — and this, ladies and gentlemen," pointing to a gronp of figures assembled at the out skirts, " this is a group of Eidle- bnrghors." « ... " Stylo is tho .dress of thoughts," said Chesterfiold. But then in the prince of dressers time there were very few Tottie's i aVxnvf cVirfe nr mnidnvia wifVi wo+noft'o charms exposed in dress eircles at theatres.' # TO MARRIED PEOPLE. " | Dear ones, if you would slmn domestic strife, I And have the honeymoon of lon&duration;, I This mandate' heed -.'When home-brewed gales are rife Sbun not your mate's relations. # - . # " What on earth aro you letting M'Sweonoy marry yirnr daughter for ? You aro always running him down. I fancio d you. hated him." " So I do," was tlie reply, " hut you see when ho marries my daughter lio'll liavo my wife for his.' mother-in-law. That's vengeance if you like." - A A A " It's all over tho house," screamed the' Tartlet as she sn.t at breaafast with her Johnnio. " What is," he howled. "Tho roof, dear,'.' she whispered. Falling crockery was heard three streets away. . a .a a UlllJlIlp JUUMJJ Vl X/milll0WU " Hv was rebuked by her mother for kissing her intended justified herself by quoting the passage of " paternal scripture " so often . laid down for her and her sister's guidance " Whatsoever yo would that men should do unto you, do yc likewise unto them." a a Johnny (trying to spin his top) : " I ' , can make lier spin:" Elder Sister : " Why do you .always : ' call your top her or she ? You should call " it ' it.'" .' Johnny: "Why shouldn't I call it a he. If 8 a ' spinster,' isn't it ?" Answer unanswerable. a a # Ono of thoso remarkably clever men whoso wit was horn to die a natural death was in the habit of 'perverting his words. He would say "chutton mop" in stead of "mutton chop," and soon. The other day at tennis, when asked by a fair damsel if one of her serves was a " let," he was about, in his factious wayi to' inform her that she had just missed tho post, but here his wit forsook him, and he stuttered and blushed. Early Bird's youngest son was in his little nightdress saying his little prayer, and his little sister couldn't resist the temptation to tickle his foot. He stood it as long as lie could, and then said in the middle of his devotions, "Please God excuse me while I just knock the stuffin' out of Nolly." e A youth who much desired to wear the matrimonial yoke had not sufficient courago . to " pop the question." On informing his - father of the difficulty he labored under tho old gontloman replied, " Why, you great booby, how do you suppose I managed when I got married ?" "Oh, yes," Baid tho bashful lover, "You married mother, but I'vo got to marry a strango girl." Throo actors went anting out in tho Weal, Ont in tho Wost. whon tho sun wont down, Each thought of tiio railroad whoro walking was best. And tho shortest road to tho noarost town, As tlioy flootod away in tho gloaming i For actors must walk and hotol-keopors wcop, And tho man at tho bar is a-monning! Tho following is an extract from the. business paper., of tho Botany Town Coun cil, tho original of which was forwarded us by an alderman of that municipality i— By Aid. Sparks i " That the holes at tho southern end of William bo filled up and water-tablo formed on western sido at a probablo cost of £12." This seems to be rather rough on William, who, singularly enough, Beoms to be rather a plural kind of porsonago. " Halloa ! Wliafs this P " exclaimed the Rooster, picking ttpan articloof apparol from tho sofa nestled in tho hay window behind tho lace curtains. " What ?" asked Mabel, turning languidly around. " Oh ! " she said, briskly, making a dive for it, " let uie have it, Mr. Rooster, I'm astonished at you." " But what is it ?" " My bathing dress." . " You moan part of it." " No ; that's all of it." " Where do you spend the summor, Miss Mabel ? " " At Manly," replied she. " Thanks, I shall go there." » " Come and hear our now minister, Charles," said his mother-in-law." " No fear," was the curt reply, " I heard him once, and I didn't like the sermon he preached." '""When did you hoar him. Charles ?" she asked, severely-. " yVhen I married your daughter," he replied. She fixed upon him a petrified eye and murmured, " Brute ! My poor fond child. How she must.suffer." Ho winked at tho cat, and went out for his morning bitter. .. A man may think himself a swoll, and wear a top hat neat, And rovol in tho gaitorotto of tan ; But no ouo ovor tolls him that he's nloe enough to oat, 'Cause ho ain't constructed on that plan. ft ft It was on a long voyago in an American ship souio sailors wore spinning yarns as a pas fci mo. Ono of them had been wrecked. The ship went down under tho crow and sent them suddouly afloat. He said: " After swimming ten hours I folt myself going down, when I saw a cask rolling about in tho heavy sea. 1 mounted it astride, and waited to see what would turn up. At tho oud of three days 1 Baw a sail ; \- it was a British ship. 1 sang out, ' Ahoy ! ship ahoy!' 'Who are you?' the helms- ...man Bang out. " Where aro you bound ?' I oriod. ' To Liverpool.' . ' That's a pity, 1 ' am bound for -Now York, and' 1 will wait.' " ft. A couple were recently sontonced to : matrimony in rather a curious way. A young man and a young woman were con testing possession of a piece of property, the one claiming under an old leaso and tlie othor under an old will. " It just strikes me," said tho .Judge, that there is a pleasant and easy way to terminate this old lawsuit. The plaintiff appears to be a respectable young man, and this a very nice young woman.' (Laughter). They can both get married and, live happily on the farm. If they go Oil with tho law proceedings it will be all frittered away between the lawyers, who, ani suie, aro not ungallant onougli to wisli tho iuarriago not to como off." The lady blushed and tho young man stammered thoy" liked each other a little bit " so a verdict was entered for the plain tiff oil condition of his promiso to marry tho 'defendant within two months, a stay of execution being put to tho verdict till ''fho marriage ceremony should bo com pleted. Aim ut the . first match made in a court of law. " John," said the talkative wife as her quiet' husband crept meekly into bed, " I did not hear tho strnngors go." "No; thoy are still in" the parlor; the servant girl will let them out in an hour or two." " Who are they?" " They aro shorthand reporters. You see, I always forget what you say to me after we're in Bed, and sometimes I go to sleep when you're talking, so I thought I would have your leeturo written out and study it ovor at my leisure. They're all ready, the door's open so's they can hoar you, and you can begin as soon as you like." " Ask them into the room, John, dear. They'll be able to hoar better," she re- . pliod. But ho didn't seem to see it, and the prospects of publishing a private' Hansard on the premises faded from viow. Canst thon lovo mo Tottie darling, You aro all tho world to me. Uang it, Johnnie, stop that snarling. Just bo quiek and catch t.lii a In a country church the curate had to give out two notices,, the first- of which was about, baptisms, and the latter had to do with a now hymn-book. Owing to an nccident he inverted the order, and gave out as follows: — "I am requested to give notice that tho new hymn-book will be used for tho first time in this church on Sunday noxt, and I am also requested to call tho attention to tho dolay which ofton takes place in bringing children to ho baptised ; thoy should be brought on the earliest day possible. This is particularly pressed on mothers who havo young babies." " And for the information of- those who havo noniv," added the rector, in gentle, kindly tones, and who, being deaf, had not hoard what, had been previously said. " For tho information of thoso who havo none, I may state that if wished they can be obtained oil application in the vestry immediately after service to-day. Limp ones, ono shilling each ; with stiff backs, two shillings," Sounds like Varley, doesn't it ? Flossie Fewclothes is nothing if not innocent. Last night, nt a party, somo friends etnrted tho subject of. those pestilential little streot arnbs who follow people all over Melbourno begging for a copper. "Yes," said Miss Titefit, "I heard one little rogue say to Bob, ' I'll foller yer fur a mile fur yor bumper, sir.' " Boh : " That's nothing. Tho other day one little rascal met me with a handful of wet mud, saying, ' Give us a penny, mister, or I'll splash this on yor pants.' " " Oil ! but tlioy dou't say that to ladies," blurted out Flossie F. And then, whilst there was the silenco of death on that gathering, her older sistor muttered savagely in lier ear, " You've put your foot in it this time." When the manager tolls stories that are startling and prodigious, Of receipts that gather weekly from hi great and only show, When ho whispers that his leading lady pray and is religious Do not mind him, 'tis a boomlet and it Does' Not ' Go ! : \- "- , it's a cute child, Ao. " Well, my little mail," asked the henevo- volcnt J.P. of a juvenilo witness, " and who is yourfathor ? " " Please, sir," whimpered the scared little imp, " dunno, sir. Please,- sir, I never seed mo father." " What, never soon your father ? " ro- 8ponded-tho kind-hoarfcod old magistrate as he contrasted tho sad lot of the poor little waif with that of his many olive branches, waiting in their comfortable home for his return from court. "Poor' little follow! Well, well!" and everybody's heart wont out to tho unhappy little orphan, and even the clerk of' the court began to. think of starting a subscription for the fatherless little-outcast. But the young Jack-in-the (witness) box spoilt the whole effect, and alienated every vestige of compassion he had created by . whimpering, " Please, sir, mother says she only seed him once." " The. Rev. Scrot- Davis was dining at the house of a -vory garrulous old lady,. and musical instruments became the subject of conversation. Tho rev. gentleman was the possessor of an old hurdy-gurdy of an organ of which ho was extremely proud. G.O.L.: " Oh, Mr. S. D., how does tiiat old organ of yours stand ?" Rev. S.D.: " Well, pretty well, con sidering tho wear and tear it has had, though hot so well as it once did, you know. But, Bomeliow or other, Mrs. S.D. Bomotimes manages to knock a pretty fair tune out of it, but she very seldom touches it now." G.O.L. : " But, bless me, Mrs. D. always was a lover of music, and, as the saying goes, ' there's been many a good tune played on an old fiddle.' " The police in Paris had a case recently which would have done credit to Marl- borough-Btreet (says the London Sports- : . man), an' interesting individual, who had ' been living luxuriously in , tho Rue de . Itivoli, being run to earth in the city- in a. state of raving madness. However, she was rich, was, as she stated, descended from an archangel, and had a beautiful complexion, so thoy _ will deal gently with her. One of her amuse ments was to nurse a life- sized doll, but tho other day she tired of fondling it and aiuied it correctly at an old gentleman who was passing her window. It hit him in the organ of sight, n cruel way of " making eyes," to be deprecated even more than that of an nged aristocrat, whoyears ago in Piccadilly winked his optics at every passing dame. The authorities at last docided that" with the Parisienne things were undoubtedly going too far. and when she sallied out for carriage exercise the other day with a tri- colorecl ribbon as a watch chain, and sud denly threw open tho door of the vehicle and pounced upon a female, breaking her. umbrella, the police thought they would see Joan -of Arc— the name shejjave at tho station— further. They.have given her to a maison de santc. Thero is only, elbow room for one Joan of Arc in Paris, and she is nt the Porte St. Martini james i. and his tutor. .Tames I.vbeing one day at. play with : fellow pupil, his tutor, Buchanan, who was reading, dosired them to make less noise. Finding thoy disregarded his admonition, ho told his majesty if ho did not hold his tongue ho would certainly whip him The . king, alluding to the fable, replied he would' bo glad to see who would bell the cat. Buchanan, in a passion, threw the book from him, and inflicted on liis majesty a sound flogging. The old Coun tess of Mar rushed into the ,. room, and taking the King in her arms, asked how lie dared to lay his hands on the Lord's anointed. " Madam," roplied the elegant and immortal historian, " I have whipped his bottom ; you may kiss it if you please." When Buchanan was asked how fie came to innko a pedant of his royal pupil he answered : " He thought he did a great ; deal to.mako anything of him." . " How rarely, '' sighed a maiden. As she wandered by the shore, AuB watched tho wavolots daahibg On tho sandy shell-strewn floor. " How raraly do wofind. it, When wo'vo lost it once," she oried. As she walked beside tho caverns And surveyed the dbbiug tide. "We may swear that wo will alter All the current of onr life, But wo cannot bring, it back to him Who uiak'cs us legal wife. It has gone past all recalling To the realms that shrowd the po«t. Yes, a first lovo once rajectod >, Rarely blossoms in tho last." « The following advt. we cut from the Stdne.t Mornino Herald of May 24: PPOT. — Still Lor oil, faults forgottcu must be friends, good news, total ab., write. Now what, where, or how is this P. Pot? It is evidently not a pewter pot, for then it would bo. absurd to suppose that it could become a total abstainer.' On the other hand, what other kind of P. Pot could one be friends with ? One can have a passing, a nodding kind of acquaintance witli an ordinary P. Pot, but to take a common or domestic pot to ones bosom ! Never ! Then good news, awaits this pot, and its " faults are forgotten. Docs it leak, lias it no bottom, or is it's' spout off? Well, we've racked our brains, but can't find any moaning for tlio above. Tho only kind of ; P. Pot we've any affection for is tho homely powter with n foaming head to it. For any ; ordinary purposo a fire-bucket or any other . utensil will fill our hook. Dear P. Pot write . to us and sottle our doubts. If it has a ; double meaning though, don't trouble to enlighten us, as wo nover publish anything questionable now. Yarloy is doing our fighting. ft ' - Ho was a merry, laughing follow, With a voice quito soft and mellow, And lie loved a gii-l— don'i tell oh 1 More than ho expected. So ho met lior one fine night, And he was just throe-parts tight— The other fellow took to fight — More than ho oxpocted. Victory still was on his sido ; He did -the othor fellow hida — Cut his cheek opon quito wide- More than ho oxpoctod. Tottio silently, in tears, Quells hor quondam lover's fears With her hand his face she smears .1 More than he expected. # ft A fourteen-year-old boy went into hi mother's presonco with ono eye black, his lips swollen, and a ragged scratch acroBB liis cheek, the blood from which lie had wiped off on his shirt sleeve. v " Nicodoinus," cried the parent, as he sneaked in, "have you heon fighting agaiu ?" " Nope," ho sullenly grunted. " Then what -on earth ails your face ?" " Jim G reen's ma's dead," ho replied. " Well, suppose slio.is, what's that got to do with your bunged-up face P" " I seed Jim just now," answered the boy, "an' he looked awful sad and solemn- some." _ " Well ?" " I didn't know what ter do to make him bright and chipper like, an,' feolin' so sorry for him, I jest went up an' let him hit me a few licks." " Did it help liim ?" asked the mother. " Help him ?" echoed the hoy in aaur- . prised tone. " 'Course it did ! Don't you think itfd make, you feel good to bust a fellow that way what had licked you every week for, a year ?" % « ft 1 am thinking to-night, of a loved ono, -. Long doad- though her memory survives, Who was faithful .and true to mo always,- '. And eclipsed the most perfect of wives. From your mouth inspiration ore sparkled Her deliouto, golden-topped head Was chiseled a3 neatly as sculptor E'er lined the calm face of tlio dead . Had 1 fallen to slumber in anger, Did I wako with a load on my breast, A kiss from your lips in tho morning Was tho'halm that was brightest and best. Your waist was not. slim, but your nock, love, \- Was as perfect as Goddess posHossed, And with hand firmly clasping your middle, - I felt I was one of the blest. How ofton I hugged and caressod you At night whon the lamps were turned low, When .Morpheus had lulled off to slumber Most mortals who toil here below I shall never forget those caresses You gave mo again and again. 1-do not refer to a mniden, But a bottle of gold-toppod champagne » ft . Beaconsfield, tho cold, calculating statesman, must have had his experience of women for all that. He writes as follows : — "Tho woman who is talked about is generally virtuous, and. is only abused because she devotes to one the charms which all wish to enjoy." " Talk to women ns , much as you can. This is tho best school. It "is the way. to i' gain ;fiuoney|, because .you nged not'paro' I what, you say, and had better not he sen- -! Bible'." c : I « Somo women haven't got as much senK. ! mont in them as a 'cake of blacking. Our Hartist wrote to Flossie to expect him at eight, concluding his note with the followV ing couplet :— With breath as sweet as rose Thou'lt breathe upon me lovo. But soon after he received the following wire : Bon t come ; wo had onions in soup to-day " Rough on a poetic love, isn't ; it? 1 » » The following paragraph from the Daili Telkqrai>h of the 5th ult is altogether . boyond us. Perhaps some one will ex plain — " Examinations. — Re Albert Chap man The bankrupt attributed liis state to losses incurred whilst in partnership in " The Lady," into which lie put .£60 or -CiO, and was a sleeping partner. Tilly and 1 an W iener were the othor partners, and the paprn was printed by George Mxirray and Co. Ho had acted as accoun tant during the. Last two years. The examination was declared concluded." 