Letters to the Editor. THE Editor does not hold himself responsible in any way for the opinions expressed by correspondents in the column under this heading. SIR,—As the land granted by the Govern- ment for the use of the public as a show ground has now been vested in the hands of trustees, thereby becoming the property of the residents, I wish to agree upon the people the necessity which exists for at once moving in the matter with a view to fencing the land and otherwise improving it. If steps were at once taken for the formation of an Agricultural Asso- ciation in Coraki, and money collected in the shape of Members Fees, & c., we would be entitled to Government allowance, but on the other hand, if no effect is made at once this assistance would not be avail- able for next year, resulting in the loss of much valuable time. As one of the Trus- tees for this land I would strongly urge this matter, and hope that the residents will not remain blind to their own inter- ests, but at once take immediate and deter- mined steps toward the formation of an association having for its object the deve- lopment of the resources of the district in particular and the country generally.— Yours, &c.;, JAMES M'AUGHEY. SIR,— Would you kindly grant me space to reply to "Bungawalbin" in your issue of the 3rd instant. And first, Mr. Editor, I think it will be admitted by most of your readers that Bungawalbin seems to be composed of a rather quarrelsome people for a small village, when unity and recip- rocacy of kindly sentiments would improve the condition of the place and inhabitants. But I would suggest that if you, Mr. Editor, could only endure the correspond- ence and grant the scribblers space, the matter would in a short time be settled A LA MODE of "Killkenny Cats," and the village probably sink into oblivion for a time. However, to the point, Progress Associations are, in my opinion, most use- ful institutions and the nearest approach to Local Government, but they should be thoroughly representative of the people, the same as Municipalities, Parliaments, & c. And it is a misnomer when constituted, as in the case of "Bungawalbin," of three men and a boy (sic), and these, besides unworthy of the inhabitants, and self- elected to their offices. For the sake of kindred associations in this district and to promote their good influence as well as to prevent them being brought into contempt by the authorities, I would suggest that the wirter "Bungawalbin" call a meeting of the residents of the village, and also that the so-called Secretary of this bogus asso- ciation attend and there explain the origin and membership of the association, and let the meeting decide by ballot, "Is it desir- able to form a Progress Association, and who shall be the officers ?" ; and, as the matter has now entered into the public press, let an authenticated report be fur- nished in the HERALD. This, I think, would be productive of great benefit ; be- sides, Bungawalbin would be able to boldly take her place at the conference of other associations, and not required to be ad- mitted under protest and with grave sus- picion (vide HERALD, September 19th). Trusting these remarks will be the means of promoting harmony in the new divided village and also bring about a better state of matters. — Yours, & c., ONE OF THE BUNGAWALBIN GHOSTS. SIR,— The "Bungawalbin Correspondent" does not seem particular about how he annoys the residents by his unfounded as- sertions, and he must care much less how he misleads the readers of your paper by reporting what he only imagines to be real. The first statement which I notice, and wish to contradict, is concerning a beast that died in a paddock some eight chains from the residence of John Olive. It gives the residents to understand that a resident passing as a Christian had a dead beast on his occupied land, which he refused to destroy on being requested, until the ser- vices of Daniel Hogan were sought. Now the resident that was pestered with requests in the shape of "I hereby give you notice," does not occupy the land on which the beast was found. What explanation can your correspondent gives for his asser- tion ? — none at all. Daniel Hogan's ser- vice may have been sought, but the over obliging resident to whom the corres- pondent refers, never saw that gentleman. It was by the request of a lady resident that he used his influence to have it de- stroyed. This he did by informing one of the owners, and very kindly aided in de- stroying the nuisance. An apology from your correspondent under the circumstances is necessary. — Yours, &c.;, SANCTUM. Bungawalbin, October 14th, 1890. SIR, — The remarks contained in a para- graph in your issue of the 11th instant in reference to the meeting to be hold at Bun- gawalbin in connection with site of proposed wharf, were, I think, out of place and un- called for, and likely to lead the public to infer that the promoters of THIS meeting were the opposition party in this matter, whereas we think otherwise, and I will en- deavour to show you in as short a space as possible why we think so. In the latter end of April, or in the beginning of May last, Mr. L. Robinson pointed out to Mr. M'Cabe, sometime during the survey, that it would be a straighter run for steamers calling, at a point between where my old wharf stood, and Mr. M'Kinnon's, than right at the end of road where my old wharf had been ; but I understand Mr. M'Cabe said he could not take bearings, or levels, at that place with- out cutting down a lot of M'Kinnon's sugar cane. He completed the survey at the end of road mentioned and took soundings along the frontage of the farm on either side, so that it would have taken very little time or labor to have shifted the PEGS at any time up to the site pointed out. This, I main- tain, would have ended the whole matter, had not Mr. M'Cabe been got hold of and shown another site, now just surveyed, and termed by someone final. Now, Mr. Editor, I would ask you which is the Op- position and Party that has obstructed the carrying out of this work. Craving a small space in your journal for the above. — Yours, &c.;, JOSEPH PURSEY. [The paragraph was published on the understanding that the officer deputed to finally select the wharf site had found the upper site impracticable. This information was supplied us from very reliable authority, and it was to save the residents any further trouble that we gave it publicity. — Ed.] SIR,— I notice in your last issue that at the last meeting of the Coraki Progress Asso- ciation, there were one or two members who appeared greatly troubled about the site surveyed for the Buckendoon public wharf. I do not like to see any persons in trouble, so I will try and release them of it. They have been told that it is to be built in a very awkward place. Now it is easily seen that those persons know but very little about the matter, and the little they do know has probably been learned from un individual who is very likely indig- natit thnt a whnrf should bo built at Buck endoon nt all, but who would liko Uio resi dents of that placo to agitato for a wlmrf to lio built 8oinuwhoro to suit his small re quirements. Now, I am suro that it was not through tho oxorttons of any Progress Association that a wharf has boon grautod for lluckondoon, but simply through tho oxcrtiotis of tho rosidonts of that place, who for a long timo pa-t, found great in convouiouco iu shipping thoir producoor getting goods landed. Thoy havo also hoard that thoy would rnthor hiivo had it nt tho ond of Buchanan's liino, which is slightly ovor 100 yards distant from tho sito surveyed, and not ns Mr. M'Auglioy stated, IJ- miles. By such a stutoinout it can bo soon thut he was labouring undor vory wroug improssions. I think if tho publio concerned would rathor havo had tho wharf at tho ond of tho road thoro wns nothing to provont thom from culling a publio mooting, as thoy did onformoroccusi ntiB whon thov woro anitatini! for tho wharf. Tho reason is simply bocauso thoro aro but two or throo persons who aro opposed to tho site surveyed.; and is it likely that thoso fow porsons nro to know uioro than tho Government officials, who aro sout to survey and roport ou tho mattor ? No. I think tho majority of tho public agreo, that tho sito stirvoyod is tlio bost ono nvailablo, and tlio porsons who brought tho mattor forward at tlio mooting woro taking a stop in tho dark, and in a diroction entirely out of thoir way as Togurds the wishes of tho public. Apologising for trespassing so fur, I am, &c.;, W.G. B. Sir, — Your correspondent ' Bungawalbjn ' - must bo very closely rolutod to tho oxtinct 'Liberty,' on account of his rosoui bianco ; and disposition to distort facta. As this mattor of tho Bungawalbin Progress Asso ciation has alroady boen misroprosotitod, allow mo to givo an -explanation of the. mattor. Bungawalbm bad sufforod so much in tho past from want of union and ' tho apathy of its inhabitants, that a fow of tho most onorgotio, and roal lovors of ' progross, combined thomsolvos and called a [ public mooting by nilvertisomont 111 tho Herai.d to form a Progress Association. Now, I maintain thoro was no socrosy in this mattor, and I think this scribbler— who lias not tho manlinoss to como out in his true charactor, but hides bimsolf behind a nom de tlumu— must liavo Oooii ouo of thoso who took an ontsiilo ticket, when ho can givo a dotailod aocount of the mooting. Tf fhn vnnth ho refers' to had thought of this writer aud moved that ho fill an ' olovatod position, wo should not havo heard from him ; but this not boing tho caso ho profors to snoor at thoso sitting in rank abovo him in thoir laudable desire to promote tho intoiosts of tho neighbourhood. Tho Association was duly formed, and lias novor collnpsod, but is quiotly promoting tho good of tho neighbourhood. I also assort that no porsou who has not tlio iutorosts of tho placo at hoart would lose ! valuablo timo at this busy season, and I defrav his own oxpousos, in endeavouring ; to bring Bungawalbin to tlio front for his 5 porsonal bonofit. I think your corrospon l dent would bo moro commended if ho would | pockot his animosities nnd nid this laudable |. object, instead of trying to throw cold | wator on tho movcmcut, and provout pro I gross, and also bring this viilago iuto I ridicule. p Allow mo, in conclusion, to inform' him I nnd his followors— if ho has any— that the I usual mooting of tho Bungawalbm Progress | Association will bo hold at Mr. J. W. Shoppersou's rosidonce 011 October 25th at ;» 7.-30 p.m., whou if ho and thoy will put in 'ty an appearance and conform to tho rulos, i and bring thoir subscriptions with thorn, I: they will bo duly adinittod aud have a vojco If, in its management, and thou go home with |j tho conscientiousness of having done thoir H duty, morally and socially, to their adopted I locality. — Yours, &c.;, I . JOHN OLIVB, K Secretary Progross Association, j Bungawalbin, 13th October. 