EECOLLEOTIONS OF A LONDON DETECTIVE. Br DETECTIVE-SERGEANT WILLIAM HOLEORN. The Ghost ol the Pesany Gaff. A poorly-clad Bnuflty-lookinir old man, with the real coat of a showman abont bim, oame to the atatian-house one day while I was on the M Division and asked to aee me. Z was not there, but the old showdown waited for mora than an hour withort Baying a word of what had brought him, When I came in I recog nised him as Samuel Jilton, the "proprietor," • dd he called himoe'f, of a penny gaff down Wapping way, They have curiouB ideal these showmen, Jilton'a place, which waa only an old fish atoi6, in whioh a shabby stage had teen put up and same boards ranged along on props for Beats, was bk zoned forth on the hoard whioh he himself painted every morning with the name of the piece a3 a "Theatre Royal;" and the old man would Lave been deeply hurt if yon had called him a showman instead of an actor, I had been in the place Beveral times, and been amused at the sudden change which took place in the per formance the'moment I • at <?o*vir. No matter how stirring the drama, it evaporated into eirging, dancing, and tumbling the moment a 'teck appeared. They seemed to think that wa were anxious to trip tfcem up for playing pieces without a license instead of being after some of the young thieves who patronised the "drama." jilton himself, who might have been playing some whit9-baired father in tha piece, generally reappeared in a well-worn dress suit and went through a number of con juring trioks, apologising darkly to his patrons for having Lsd to n' -r-e f o performance. I suppose when i t.eul o ic the smugglers' swords of hoop iron and the wooden pistols of the desperate highwaymen would again flourish in full glory. "Morning, sergeant," said Jilton Btiflly. He always addressed ma with a dignity at least r,3 rtatoly ns that of our chief, and appeared to firmly befieve that ho was far above ub in the social scale. I returned the salutation oheerily, 'and then the old Bhowman's manner became dark and mysterious. " What I've got to say is for your ear alone," he said, looking with distrnst at our inspector and sergeant seated at their desks in tha charge room in which we stood, I took him into the next room, whioh chanced to be empty, and then he unburdened himself. "A terrible affair has happened down our way," he said in a whisper, " and what makes it worse is that the man involved is one of my company—Ned Snider—you know him p'r'aps? —our heavy man." I did not know there was a heavy man among them—they all looked thin and starved alike to me—but I asked the old man what Snider had done, thinking it just possible that in a fit of famishing hunger the man might have absorbed a coppor or two mora than his Bbare. "It'll surprise yon, I know," said Jilton, playing with my curiosity ashe wacaccustomei to do on his own stage, " I've just discovered it, and as you've been a little friendly with U3 I thought I'd lei you gai all the credit and honor of finding it out. It's nr-u—B— d—e—e—b-b!" and be emphasised and pro longed that word as only an old showman accustomed to dramas of the strongest kind oonld. Theie was actually a smack ol unctuous delight or satisfaction in the way he roiled forth that dread word, "Murder? Murder of what?— the Qreea's Ecg^'sh?" I lauchmtrly returned, for I knew that that took pkca every night at Jilton'a penny gaff. "No, of a boy," he solemnly returned, with a look which showed that he considered mo a very frivolous person indeed, "Did you ever see Ned Snider do the great Indian basket trick?"' he added, speaking the last three words all in large capitals. "Well, the boy that's murdered is the little chap that he put into the basket before loaning the sword through if- in every direction, The boy's name is Tom T.-dfer, and he was a kind of a stepson to Snider. " Wnat do you mean by that?' " On, well, Snider got the boy's mother to i ;n a way with h'm long ago, and though tie cor'rl net rrarry her, they were the same ar man arid wife. Nel-y Tclfer c';d not have a very happy l;fe; indeed, I think Snider killed her too, for he's an awful fiend when he gets drink, But he's clever—there's no doubt ao out that—and I shall miss him very much c/ucu — that is—after he's hanged." "Has the boy beenffound dead?" I ask--<J, getting a little conliued with all these dis jointed statements. "No, nor never will be, I expeet," sewered Jilton. "Snider has taken good care of that, for he's never so drunk but 10 knows what he's doing. It's for you to find tha body," end he dabbed me suggestively in the etomaoh; "and when you get it yon ca^ arrest hr'm. and all the papers !ll bo ful' of your great exploit." "How do yon know In's dead at all?" I dubiously returned. "I don't say he is—I don't commit myself to snytfc'rg," hastily answer the old showman. "I'll just tell you all I know and yon can take what action yon J;ke, only c m'; me -turn my name in it. for if yon do toiler may murder n.e too, We had ai.fti.ged to do some extra things last night, as it was the low comedian's benefit, end Bnider wa3 down for the Indian basket trick. He was in a bad temper all day and very nasty to everybody. He gave tha boy an awful flogging at rehearsal, but nobody durst interfere. At night, when tne time oame for the basket trick, Snider was there, dressed and done up as an Ind:an fakir, but the boy wasn't at hand, and we couldn't fiad bim about the place. Snider 'got into ft fearful passion. f I'll murder him,' he said. ' I'll make a mis take to-night when I get him into the basket, and I'll run the young scamp through; I will, cs I'm a living man !' I saw he meant what he said, and I tried to smooth him down a bit crd rveut on iu h'-c .-d.and did Eome con jurirg, Eefoxe I went on I sent rouud word to my missus, who war taking the money, to keep fhe boy Telfer out of the way till Suider's fit of passion went off. But the boy never came near till the last house Bad geno and the place was shutting up. When bnider sighted him he made a rusnfor the lad, but stumbled on one of the seats, and while he was sprawling the boy took to his heels. Snider went after him, and we lost sight of thenm He caught the boy once, and was paying him off, as he says, when Tommy got away, and ran lor it so fast that he never saw him again. At any rate, Snider came back from the waterside alone, and those who heard the outcry declare that Tommy shouted out most piteoualy— " Don't kill me, father ! don't kill me, aud. I'll never disappoint agaiu!" " And you think that he ha3 popped the boy into the river ?" "I otu certain of it," was the emphatic answer. "He has threatened often to do for the boy, and you know nobody was near him and it wa3 a dark night. Even if tha body is found he can say that tho boy tumbled tn by accident." "Have you seen Snider to-day ?" "YeB, I went to his lodgings this morning, and that's what brought me here. The first thing he saidj was, ' Would you believe it, Tommy's never been in the honse all night; I do believe he's bolted.' I looked at him pretty bard, and said, 'What did you do to him last night down by the waterside?' He answered, 'I meant to ki'ljrim.'but he getaway before I could give him half enough. Idon'texpeot we'll ever see him again,' I said nothing for a moment, and he noticed my looks and said angrily—'You don't BuppoBe I've dropped him rnto the river, do you ? I told bim it would be awkward for him if the boy didn't oome back, and so I left him." After Jilton had told all he kn^whe was cautioned! to. keep bis susp'ciona to himself and.dismissed, I then had a long talk'with our inspector, and we had jnst decided to notify the boy aB missing when a man walked in and introduced himself as Ned Snider. He had rather a hang dog look, and I was qmetly won dering if bis conscience bad b .en too much for him and if he had oome to give hrm'.alf up, when he began in a not very coherent manner to describe the flight of the boy. anu ended by teanesting our help in the recapture. •'I have it in for him," he addf l savagely. "When I get him in my hands I'll just kill b:m," This wbb said, not a like a man who meant murder, but simply as if he meant to flog the runaway wel1, and I thought it probable that all fhe threats he had ottered before the dis appearance, as reported by Jilton, might have mi ant no more. He was a dark, nandaome man, and looked exactly what he was, a broken down actor. " I've come to get the police to hunt for him for more reasons than one," he said, after a pause, during whioh his information had been taken down, and aho, unknown to him, com pared with that already in the books, " Tha boy isn't reaPy mine, but he's worth money to trie, Hb's a pretty swart tumbler, iand can sirg and dance; but, besides all that, I'm his guardian, and his mother's friends are worth a deal of money, and they might be wanting him someday." . "You mean your wife's hrenda", I enquir ingly observed. "No, I don't; I never waB married," ha snappishly observed. "She was somebody else's wife, bnt sho ran away with ma beoause she was stage-struok. I used to ba in good shops at that time, and I was hotter loosing and younger. Poor Nell 1 She was a good laes, end I wasn't alwayB kind tp her, bat she loved me staunoh- and true to the end, and never would hear a word Bgeiqat m9i, I'vi mi6E ed her I tell you. The Iobb of her has b sen therein of me; and, to tell you the troth, I've a fear that, if the boy iB lost to me too all my lock will go with him. kThat's my iuea; it may be foolish, bnt I can help it; so do yoor beat to catch the young ecamp." " Tb it not possible that the boy has run off to hiB mother's friends?' the inspector en quired. " Oh, no, blesB you; nobody knows anything about them but me," Snider returned. "The boy doeen't know but that I'm his father, Perhaps he'll be back now, but I thought I'd come here, for some of the company in Jilton's penny theatre were looking at me rather queer. If Tommy didn't turn up I believe they'd be cruel enough to eay I'd done for him," There waB a peculiar[silence after this remark. We did not dare to look at one another, leat he Ehould read in that glance that they had said that already. The full description ol the missing boy was taken down from Snider, and from this it ap peared probable that the runaway had on underneath his ordinary clothes a spangled shirt in which he was accustomed to appear in the great basket trick. This, was specially noted, as it was though it might lead to his . discovery and capture if ihe attempted to dis pose of that pa.i of bis dress, but instead it led to something very different, We had taken down all Snider had to say, but we had not forgotten the information of Jilton. which had preceded his. Nothing which Snider had spoken had materially impaired the statement made by his employer, and our first search for the missing acrobat was made by the river Bide and in the water, For some days this search produced no result, either on land or in the water; but at length soma mudlarks down at Limehouse Reach saw something juBt beyond their depth, which they foolishly imagined was a prize, It looked like a bundle of gold to them, but when they had let a boatman into the secret of the great treasure trove, and had everything arranged about the division of the spoil, they went out at night and got up the bundle with a boat hook, and found it to be only the body of a poor drowned boy, whose upper jacket had washed open, disclosing a tunic of some yellow stuff covered with glittering Bpangles, They did not care for their find and dropped it into the river again, where it lay till next day, when one of the boys let out what he had seen; and the body was searched for and brought ashore. > Word of the discovery was by some curious circumstance conveyed first to the old showman Jilton, and he went down and readily identified the body as that of poor Tommy Telfer. Hi3 good heart, however, got the better of him for the time, and he shufiled a little about the identity. It was like Tommy, he said, he could almost swear it waB he, but then a p3raon changed so in the water and when he was dead, He really would like to hear what hia missus said before he committed himself, So Jilton was sent away to fetch hia wife, Instead of going direct home, however, he want to the lodging of Snider, whom he found at dinner. The old Ehowman'' face probably looked gtava , ■ ough, for Snider laid down his 3poon and t; "d— " What's the matter now? You look queer." "Tommy's body's got," said Jilton solemnly, "down Limehouse Reach, I've bean to see it, and it's his—spangled shirt and all," Good God, then the little beggar had com mitted suicide after all ?' cried Snider, looking greatly struck but not much alarmed._ " I had a fear that he would do that, but I didn't like to say so," ' „ . "That's not what's most to be feared," ob served the old showman, wondering at balder not scc-ntiDg daDger sooner, "They're say ing that you helped him into the water, and the police have been ferreting out everything the last three or four days, and now they're after you," . Snider looked more enraged than alarmed. "You have sat them on to that," he cried in reproach, Jilton did not deny the charge, "And why ?" cried Solder passionately, " Because I believed theD, as I believe now, that you did put him into the water," an swered the old showman firmly. _ "If I did, may I die for it!" ex-'aimed Snider, raising a hand &3 if iu solemn appeal to heaven. Jiiton thought it extremely probable that the man before frm would die for it, but wa3 too polite to say so, "I came first to yon," said the old showman after a moment's silence, thinking you might have time to get out of the way before the police came." " I won't run away ! I'm innocent!" cried Snider. "Why should I be airaid to face them ?' " Plesse yourself as to that," was the cold reply, and so Jilton left him, Snider bad thought better of it, for whan I got to the house an hour or two l^ter with a warrant in my packet be wa3 not to be found. He bad gone off in a hurry and put up a few thiDgsjn to a carpet bag, which he took with him. He went to a public-house not far off and had something to drink in a private room; but though he had paid for what he ordered ha wr.3 never seen to leave the place. I thought he was hidden there, but after wast'ug a deal of time came to the conclusion that h9 had out witted U3 and the publican in a very neat manner. He had gone in with some actors' appliances in his bag. and when alone bad so disguised him'plf with a different dress and wig and beard that when he pa3sea out he was not recognised. There was great excitement over all London about his escape, and everyone on the staff was hunting and scrambling and hotly searching in every direction, All the stations and outzomg ports were closely watched, and when no dis covery or capture was made Bome one said to me, " How is it you are so quiet and cool over it 5" I answered, " On, Snider will be found not far off," or something to that effect. I had been buBy, though quiet, I had first gone over all Snider'a actors' appliances with Jilton and another member of the company, and by that means got a pretty good idea of the disguise in which be had gone away, A red, ■ close cropped wig and a beard of the esme color were missing, and that was almost enough to tracs him by, Then, by enquiries among tba other members, I learned that Snider bad but one relation alive—a sister, who acted as manager at a tea-garden at Kew, It Eeemed to me the likeliest thing in the world for a hunted man to get under the wing of a Eister and only relative. Women are eas'ly in fluenced that way, and would shelter Old Nick himself if he ODly put on a pitiful face. I went to Kew, but found it difficult to trace the red beard and wig, such crowds gc there in summer, I went to the tea-garden and called for tea, A. pretty lass served me and I got a deal out of her, but net what I wanted. If Lnide? was about the place that girl knew nought about it, At last I got her to pend in Snider's sister to me. The moment I saw her I knew I had no easy task before ine. A woman above thirty is not easily deceived, and this one had an eye in her head that would have seen through a three-inch plank. I began cautiously, but I might have saved myself the trouble, for that only put her on her guard, Then I asked her if Bhe had heard anything of her brother, as I was particularly anxious to have a message conveyed to him, She was quite a match for me, bnt her very weariness convinced mo that she had something to hide. She had not seen her brother for a year or two. That was a lie. for I knew he had seen her not two months before. If she could lie in one particular she could in all, and she muBt have an object in lying. I fenced off her suspicions as well as I could and left the place. Then I sent in another man to wander over the whole place and see what he could discover, and this mate executed hia task so well that in half sa-hourhe was detected in one of the bedrooms upstairB and handed over to a policeman on a charge of felonious intent. We had a good laugh over it—the policeman helping us—when we met at the station-house. Snider was not in the housa and it was use less searching it officially. That was my man's report, but I Btill cluDg to my first idea, Tba house waB not a large one, and Snider's sister lived in it alone with two of the girls who served. These had been in the habit of sleeping in one of the upper rooms, but a few days before they had been ordered to sleep in a little closet eff the kitchen on the ground fiat, while their mistress changed her room for that upBtairB, I remained about the place all night watching. The sister's light went out at twelve o'clock, but it was lighted again at one; and she Eeemed then to carry it out of the room, She was gone for about an hour, then the light re appeared and waB shortly after put out, I could see her shadow as she was doing it, In two houre 1 bad some men brought to the place in a trap; Toe eearch warrant I had had in my pocket for more than a day. We roused them all out of bed and announced our business, The EiEter gave me a ferooious look as she recog nised me, but Eaid nothing, We left the three women under guard while we went over the rooma separately. We had men out3ide, back and front, watching against escape. All the rooms were empty—closets and cellars the same —but at length I found that there waB a small Bpace between the upper rooms and the slates, and I got in there and I found Snider fast sBleep on a mattress laid on the bare rafters. He did not wake till I laid my hand on his shoul der and shook him; and when he did he acted as if he was still in the land of dreams. It was only when we got him out into the cool morning air .that he appeared to wake'up thoroughly, for then he said with great emphasis—1 " I'm as innocent aByou, Mr. Holborn, I had some drink that night, and I was furions at the boy, bnt I knew perfeotly well what I was about, I know that I did not throw him into water, though I threatened to do it, just to frighten him, seeing we were so cIobo to it, He got Beared and struggled out of my hands—he was as lithe and slippery as an eel, you know— and ran like lightning, and I never saw him again." Now, it was curious that he Bhould have made that statement, for we had a witness to prove that he had threatened to throw the boy into tbe water, thongh that witness did not see what took place after the threat. He could not know it, but that statement, unlike most volunteered under snch circumstances, helped hiB case considerably and weakened onrs. When wo got into the citj—we drove in the trap—he said— "What a fool I was to get into hiding when all the time I knew I was innocent; bat I've been a fool all my life. And then, yon know, innocent people have been hanged before now." Snider was brought up next day and re manded, The only defence he made was prompted by a statement conveyed to him by another actor, to the effect that he had seen the body of the boy and declared that it was not the body of Tommy Telfer at ail. Snider roused up thereupon and demanded to see the body, and, of course, insisted positively that it was neither the body of his stepson nor the clothr3 he had been in the habit of wearing. To add to the complication, the body was chimed by a barber in Eotherhithe as that of hiB bod, who had invested a few coppers in the purchase of an oid oircus shirt at a rag market and had fallen into the water when playing on some floating wood on the south Bide of the river. While these conflicting claims were being fought out the penny gaff at Wapping was being haunted and troubled by a ghost, which, unlike the average decent spirit, did not confine itself to merely frightening people, but seemed to have no fixed principles of honesty. Jilton had decided on bringing out what he called a "Spectacle," and one of the actors had been busy painting new scenery, assisted by an idiotic lad who was had cheap for looking after the properties, Under the place was a cellar in which was Btowed lumber of every kind in the shape of boxes, old scenery, masks, and dresEes, In preparing the new scenery it Eeems they needed a fire to melt the glue used in sizing the paint, and this fire had been made down in _ the cellar in an open brazier. One p;;*ht, after the place was closed, these two were working away, intending to be there for some hours, when the scene-painter sent the property lad down to the fire to bring up his supper which bad been placed there to keep warm, having been prepared at home and brought' to the theatre by the painter's wife. The lad returned in a moment with his mouth wide open to B&y; that the supper was gone. "Gone ?" and the painter, who was sharp set for the meal, faced the lad with a look that might have frozen the blood in bis veins, " Look here," he ferociously exclaimed, throttling the property lad, "lost night you Btole my sandwiches and said the rats had stolen them. The night before a pint of beer and a bag of biscuitB W6re missed, and you knew nothing about them. The day before that at re hearsal you stole a whole quartern loaf; yes, stole It, for Mrs, Gimpkin brought itiuandnever saw it again. Now, you barefaced glutton and thief, my supper was there ten minuteB ago; the doors are locked, and not a soul ha3 been here but you, and y6t you S3y my supper's gone. Bring it up!" he screamed, shaking the Ir.d t;ll he was black in the face, " bring it up, or I'll know you've swallowed it, and take the va'ue of it out of your greedy skin," He hurled the lad from iiim with a itragic fury, which would have brought down the home had there been an audience to witness the act, and the other vanished hastily down into the cellar. He remained down for nearly half an hour, but when he was at length thun deringly commanded to come np, he crept np and made the same report as beforei The dishes were there, but they were empty, and the supper was really gone, " I know it—down your greedy throat!" exclaimed the furious painter, seizing the lai and kicking him a1! over the Bt-age, A veil may be drawn over what followed—an easy matter, Eeeing that I did not witness the scene. The lad was beaten thoroughly, and then the painter took a sulky fit and went off home without doiDg bis work. Next day he grandly laid his case;,.before the tribunal of Jilton and demanded the discharge of the tbief, The lad accordingly was turned out and another] put in bis place, But the same day the painter miBEed a flrgon of hot coffee and some sand wiches when there was no one in the theatre but himself and Jilton. " Good God ! is it he that's the thief after all ?" was his mental exclamation. He did not dare to charge his employer or wallop him all over the place as he had done with the pro perty lad, but he resolved to keep "an eye on him," By-and-bye it struck him that Jilton was watching him as narrowly, and poking about anxiously in cda concerns as if in search of Eomeihicg, "Did you] see a little'parcel of sandwiches done up in brown paper ?" said Jilton at last, "No, I—did—not—see—them!" returned the pRinter with tragio and suppressed fury; and he switched away to his work, adding to himself} "The hoary-headed old sinner! To aek me that after devouring mine and swallow ing my hot coffee!" Jilton worked himself red in the face hunting about, and at length in that condition went down into the cellar, which was lighted almost entirely by the light from the brazier fire in the middle of the earthen fioor. He did not remain long down, and he came up with a speed and agility very creditable to cna of his age. When he staggered up before the painter his face was as white as paper—the very reverse of what it had been. " My God. I've seen a ghost!" he cried, making wobbling and feeble tracks for the door, " The drowned boy appeared before ma wet and white, juat as I saw him Btretched out on the table at the inquest," The painter waited no longer. The brush was dropped with a yell, and he left the build ing close at his employer's heels. Between them it waB agreed that they should say nothing of the ^visitation, and that night, in blissful ignorance of what had happened, Mrs, Jilton cheerfully went and opened the theatre aB ucuaJ. She too saw the ghost and dropped off in a faint. When she recovered the ghost was putting water on her face and speakiDg to her and imploring her to protect it from Snider, whom it claimed as its father, The ghost was Tommy Telfer, who had got into the theatre by a black window and Iain there in hiding ever since bis esoape from Snider. While in prison Snider had said, "If rve: I get out of this scrap I'll never touch diin's agam,'" and astonishing to relate, he kept h's word, I met him a few years later, and than he was going about a3 a temperance lecturer, He would drink nothing but lemonade with me, and said exultingly to me in reference to his new profession, "This fake pays better than mumming in a penny show." Tommy Telfer, he told me, was in a first-rate situation in Birmingham, under his mother's friends. Tommy has Bince risen in the world and pulled Snider up along with him, and could now ride in his own carriage if he ohose to do so. The whoie, indeed, reads like romance, which it assuredly is not. Nexi Week: HUNTING FOR A CURLY HEAD, 