CHARLEY'S FIDDLE A Story of the American Fratricida Wax. n BOBKBT C. KSXBSM* IT Is small matter to wha* army. North or South, thi. drummer-boy belonged Young he was, his fair skir tanned by the grim old sun his blue eyes shining out, liki very forget-me- nots, in thf dull, dark ^urroundingi Tbey said of him In oam( that he was a boy, and surely they treated him, in theii rough way, like a child. Sun. burnt men called him " Charley j" talked with him: poke of eoenes far away, (hen those whom these sun* burnt men loved more than any tiling else in the world lived; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was neret told to older, less unsophisticated comanions, for somehow his young face and Sght, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and made them confide in him. There wa» even a rumor that Sandy Green, the toll, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at soma little touch of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that then is DO time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienced in war. It is not so. Around camp-fires, in dim plaoes at night, when the tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tales ol love, and sorrow, and loss, and hope remembered and told to listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death-delivering sound ol oannon, or swift whistle of the rifle-balL Tims was Charley, the drnmmsr-boy, a eyolopndia of Ihe gentler thoughts of.the soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of evening, when the men wan loitering about the camp, and the kindly stars ware peaping faintly out above the white tents, there would oome a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop In their game of cards, or their wild talk, smile; maybe, a little, and say, " That's Charley's fiddleI" And did anyone take the trouble to look (or the boy, hie might be seen perched up on • ledge of rook, or sitting flat on ths ground, his chin pressed down, and his bow In bis hand,BO raping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes he remembered, and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even soma silly, love-lorn ditty, which had oome by a devious way and a fearful misohanoa into eamp. 8o, hen among Che purple shadows, whan the fire on the outposts shimmered, and filers was a Strang* quiet around, wblls the crickets chirped, Charley would play tha tunes of peaoe and happiness, the same as miles away they woes being played and sung by laughing, careless people in the crowned cities, filled with the rumors of war, not understood, bnt appreciated. But Charley had never been in an engagement as yet, and the men eaid, Don't be so anxious, boy; it'll all oome soon enough I" And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for him, only It was so monotonous. He also told the boys that this aunt was the only relative he had in ths world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that she was "mortal angry with him "tor going away from her—for, somehow or other, he guessed •he "sort o'liked him." That was all he told them, and they got quite a joke up about " Aunt Teddy," and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw him busy writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her. " Yon don't know her," said Charley, " oi you wouldn't make so light of it. Why, shs eould take any of you single- handed, and you'd never know what hurt you." And so he wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle I Well, it seemed part of him. He loTed it I He loved the miserable little tunes he eould play on it; he loved to sit down anywhere, and at any time, and strike np one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut has, not to mention hnman fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, and nis blue eyes would flash as his hand swept over ths strings. And the time went on; and in the intervals ol Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it up. The day oame when there were preparations for a battle going on ; the enemy was surrounding them; and Charley was glad, but quiet. There" waB less time for fun in eamp now, and picket duty was not sentimental any | more—except that it was tragic. Two men bad been pioked off by soouts, and the grim faoes of the boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, oool night, while the long, white streets of the eamp glistened in the moonlight, and it was not yet time for the men to turn in, Charley was seen by Ssndy Green btuily writing a letter on his drum-head. "For aunt Ted, Charley!" asked Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then the old man stood there watching him for a long time. He saw the pleasant, brown face with the blue eyes bent over the writing—and he was a rough, a very rough man, mind you ! —a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoodsman, older than middle life, too; and one to whom trouble was no aooount, beoause it must be surmounted. And yet he stood here, in the early moonlight, watching the drummer-boy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when he had finished. " Ho, Sandy I you there yet I" said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. " Sandy, IH give it to you to see poFted for me. Will you do it? You've got mora chances than I have." So Sandy took the letter, and said, as he turned to Charley: " Do you know, boy, that we expeot a scrimmage to-morrow?" Yes, Charley knew it, and be was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him all over again about the battles that had been fought before; he listened, and was bright and chirpy over the stories ; and the older man warmed with bis subject, watched the light in the boy's eyes, and ended by patting him on the baok. "You'll do, Charley I" he said. "And now give us a tune, for who knows—well, give us a tune I" So Charley brought his fiddle, and eat down on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid bis sprawling length on the gronnd, bis head on his hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle I And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grsw brighter; and all at onoe Bandy said: "Say, Charley I give us the song yon played laBt night." There was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came the whole time of "Home, Sweet Home." lofily and slowly played, filling the air around, and touobing with kind fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boys bead drrpped over bis fiddle as he sat there balanced on the drum, and Sandy Green's hind was prwtti s*si into his head. And the tune want on and on, and the stars •Parkled, the eriekets chirped peacefully, *nen. all at onoe, a bugle sounded, a oonfUBed noise was borne to them. Sandy was on his feet, Charley's dram was in his hand- Mid the enemy was on them I Who can toll of the dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning when innocent daisiee were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened and scorched by the powder! Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned slightly np to the sky; the 'e&d; bands elutobing the grass; the sof and torn clothing pierced with a little rtf lole, whence life and fluttered out? Long into the day it lasted; and there were no more birds' eongs heard. The white streets of tbe camp were gone, and aoonfnsed mass of men, some wounded, end all bitter, were here instead. And the fight had ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men were—victorious I Throughout the fight they all remembered to have beard the drum. They remembered seeing young Charley hatless, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the fight; for there had been small order—it could not be otherwise. And some of them said be had been seen with a musket in his hand, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silenoe; these were not his drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood np to answer to their names. There were many gape in tbe rollmany men who would answer to but one roll-call mote—the mighty Boll of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there was no response ; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll went; and at last Sandy Green's name was called—no answer. Again it was called, and then—then Sandy Green's voioe answered from far away, and they saw him coming and limping op the bill, Charley on hit shoulders, white and wild. Tbe men cheered —yes, they did—they chaered! And Sandy stood in the midst of them, bis lsg wounded by a ball, and told how he bad been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end of him, but that Charley had used hie bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. Bnt, strange to say, ths boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy bad taken him on his shoulders, for the boy had grown faint and white, had called his name; but a blank look was all the reply he had received. Charley's mind had stopped. There he was, looking at tbe men, a smile on his faee, but an unmeaning light In his blue eyes. They looked at him, thsy shook him by the hand; but he said nothing—he reoognised no one. The surgeon came, and shook his head. " Fright I" he said. But Sandy Green cried: "It's a He, begging your pardon I The boy wasn't frightened." For all that, it made small difference to Charley. Day by day, as this portion of the army made entrenchments where they were, and prepared for winter quarters, (or thiB point must be guarded, Charley loitered about the hospital, not siok, not ailing, bnt with his mind clonded. One of tbe boys bad hunted for bis fiddle, but only tbe fragments and tbe strings were left, and these Sandy Green bad taken charge of, as he lay in hia cot; for, said he, " The sight of these things might make tbe boy worse." The Burgeons Btudied the case. It was new to tbem ; a fine opportunity for experiment ; and experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one, minning nothing he had before known The men, when they met him, called out, " Hi, Charley I" and he seemed to be pleased at that—nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you see they had all so liked him. And Sandy Green was grie7ed at heart, thongh his manner was as gruff and rude as ever. After awbile tbe surgsons came to a strange conoladon. Tbey said that the life of Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful evening, that night when he had seen a fight, was a blank. They said that there was no bridge to connect the time before, and the time after that terribly experience. They cited vast authorities, and confused themselves about tbem, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rongh man looked on Charley as thougb be were a ghost. One day Sandy green, feeling in hia pocket, found the letter whioh Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and whioh had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it, he went for paper and pencil immediately. That night he had told the boys he had written to Charley's aunt, getting tha direction from Charley's unposted letter. " Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, boys," said some of them, in faint remembrance ol their old humour, over Charley's relative. " Sandy Green has written to her, telling hex all about the boy." Lo I lo ! A few days after, a tall apparition, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its appearanoe in the hospital, asking for Charley Morgan; and in less than an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had oome. All who could sauntered past the window, just to peep at her. Bnt they did not go twice, for fierce look was something dreadful; and it was everywhere at onoe. They were afraid of her. They might faoe the enemy, bnt Aunt Teddy was something more. And Charley t She just went up to the poor lad, and took his face between her two bony hands. "Charley!" she eaid. And he turned his smiling meaningless face to her, and J* laughed low, and did cot'know her. She sat quietly down, and rooked herself to a fro. No I Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. So the days wore on, and some of the boys saw her eitting beside Charley, holding his band in hers, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding ber young. She would not have him stir from her, and he seemed perleotly contented beride hex. And when the men aaw her sitting there, fierce and on guard, holding the boy's band in her own, and he smiling ana happylooking, they felt a lump in their throats; and in a way they respected Aunt Teddy more than if she cried over him, celling him loving names, for they saw strength there, like then own—strength of protection. And, do you know, it was said that when Sandy Green saw her coming in that day, he hobbled out as fast as he oould, and with a white faee; ard he would not go near her when she asked for the man who had written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of her—the gaunt, grim apparition. To the doctors die was a little more conciliating; and, although she told them they did not know their business, yet, when one of tbem leaned down, and tried to take Charley's band from ber's to give it a friendly shake, she said: " Don't, please I I want to hold him to me. for he's all I've got." And the dootor could hot help grasping herV^ with a great choke in his throat. " If we could awaken Charley to some memory of the past," said the doctor to her one day—" if we could bring him back to the day before the fight —if he could recogniss something hs had known then, we might savs him perhaps." " I'm not a rich woman," was the reply, " but I'll write this instant to my agent to sell my house. And that money—all I have in tbe world—I'll give to the man who brings my boy baok to me." Now all this was duly reported about camp —all this and more. And it was told to Sandy Green, among others. He shook bis head gruffly. But in tbe middle of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed and searched around, and fonnd an old flat cigarbox. All the next day hs worked at the box, worked mysteriously and kspt lookers-on away. For two daya he scraped at it. On the third, Charley was to go away with his aunt; for she had determined to take him home. On this last evening Sandy Green was seen lurking about the hospital; and onoe, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to see about some final preparations for departure, hs darted in, caught Charley by tbe hand, and limping swiftly sway with him, took him to a little knoll far off—took him to a drum laid sidewise on the ground, and, seating bim there, pulled out a cigar-box, shaped ruddy like a -violin, the strings of Charley's own lost instrument stretohed upon it. Then he brought out a rough bow. Charley sat down there, and smiled vaguely op at the sky. Ssndy drew the bow across the strings, but before he eould repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at Tni«iring Charley, and she was followed by half the boys, the two surgeons among Sandy Green raised bis band to warn tbem. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came the old tune of " Home, Sweet Home," ruddy and brokenly played; but there it was—there it was I The smile on Charley's faee faded out.like the light of tbe ignis fatuus. A startled ex. pression came instead; be leaned forward— be listened. The boys pressed closer and oloser. Sardy Green's fingers trembled so that he oould scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at onoe, all at onee, two tears rolled down Charley's faoe; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. " Aunt Teddy I" he cried. He waB saved. His aunt was bonding at his feet, bugging his knees, crying wildly. The boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for he had done more than they oould do, and they owned to it. Then thsy all, every man of them, went up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. He had let the fiddle fall to the ground, and bis rough faee was seamed with tears. "HereI—somebody lead me to Sandy Green I" cried a voice, the Toiee of Charley's aunt; " for I can't see, I'm crying so hard; and my legs are dean gone from under me I" And Aunt Teddy waa marched up to bim, but not before Charley had caught both Sandy's bands in his. And what did Aunt Teddy do ? She just threw her arms around Sandy Green's neok, and gate him a sounding kiss, before all the boys, tip 1 And nom a soore of strong throats came a ery: "Three obeers for Sandy Qreen—mtul a tiger I" And shs shook hands with them, eTery one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell ber house as a reward for " anyone who could save her boy." The cigar-box fiddle may still be seen there—and often it seen by Sandy Green and others—and it is christened "CHABUT'S FIDDIS." 