WHElRE--DIDt THE ?'rGIIOST IDEA" I' . ''%COM E' PO ] " - (r.ONDON srEorTTor,.) Lady Welby has been very badly reported. so badly that it is difficult to decide from the condensed account of . in IThe oins, whether she was on the -side of the materialists or - o that of the angels. It is evident, however, even from that report,. that the question she raised, beforo.the British Assoccation of Leeds, was one of the first intellectual inmportance, anid one which, though not new. has never, we believe, been quite adeluately discussed. She asked whether those who believe that human thought, like mano himself, is a product of slow evolution coutinned through entire cycles of time, recognise one gEcit " break" in the process, or, if they do neL recognise it, how they account for the intrusion of the " ghoEt idea." The governing notion of those who consider that tie human intellect is a result of evolution, is tlhat man slowly aceamu lated experience, and fronm it, by comparison, by deduction, and:; by imeditation, arrived at last at abstract and non-smaterial thought. IIe considered tho effectofrevenge. for example, and its operationin tribal society, till he arrived at the idea of just revenge, or, as we call it, of justice: and finally, his horizon ever widening, at tee lofty conception that forgiveness might; occasionally, or even frequently, be more to the general advantage, or, in other words, night be nobler, and therefore to be adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unexplainsed-for incstnce, the original diciliuty why one par ticulahr animal should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary-but still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a great array of facts, aud does, if accepted, explain a great many of the phenomena. Much of thought is certainlya resultof expe rience and observation, and much more may be ; and if we allow limitless time, and concede that man forgets very little--a coecession, by the-way, wholly at varianice with his known history--we may extoend the result of teaching by experience until it covers nearly the whole fitld of human intelligence. It does not, how ever, cover quite the whole field. There is always onoprodigious "break," as Lady WVelby calls it-namely, the intrusion of the "' glhost idea," using that term either to indicate the whole body of beliefs about the supernatural, or the special conceit that uain will live again. How did that fancy creep into man's mind, and at last assumeo its dolmn?anee there ? Clearly lie cannot have derived it from expecrience. Ite certainly did notlive again himsllf. even in the tertiary period, and it does not lie in the mouth of purely scientific men to altirln that he had any evidence tlhat anybody else did. What evidouce could le have? (Of course, if he actually saw or heard or smelt the shades of persons who had returned from another state of being, he had evidence upon which to construct his theory : but there is no one in the full light of science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibility of any occurrence of the kind. Nobody in scientifie belief ever saw a ghost, or heard a ghost. or smelt a ghost ; and hos then did the ghost idea come in ? how, that is, did a beliet opposed to continuous human expe rience generate itself in the human mind ? Most illusions are the consequence of a miis understanding of phcnomenia; but in this instance there are no phenomeuna to mis. understand, nothing whatever of ally sort that could even remotely tend to induce reception of the fallacy. No animal lives again, and no vegetable, except in its original formu, and with its original quali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break in the development of the human mind, asudden step back, its Lady Welby says, from the process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of nonsense in fact-a step all the more remarkable because it cannot have conduced towards survival. Oni the contrary, it must have tended to waste the mental powers of those who made the step, as well as their time, upoi unreal phantasies, and ought to have givecnto the better and stronger minds which remained unaffected Ian immense advantage inl thierace. They were unburdened in their task of man:inlg thisworld more endurable to them solves. It was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to have perished as victims of a mlental [disease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for continuous pro gress, and are now more gifted than any other division of the human species. What is. or cat be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the expllanation of that ? Itumav be saidthat primitive man was subject, like the modern man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in one way correct, Man was pro bably very slow to separate the evidence. of dream from tihe evidence of fact. The native of Guiana, iMr. Jim Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream is part of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, on waking, assail you with a violence vwhichl, to his victim, or intended victim, is quite inexplicable. But then, how did the ghost idea get into the dreams? People dream odd things, but they do not dream absolutely now things-that 'is, things notonlyoutside their experience, but outside the imagination developed from thinking about the collected results of experience either per sonal or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless he had pre viously conceived of spirits or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantasti cally,but not actually creating them out of nothing Otherwise macn would have self generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, and the evolutionary hypothesis would neces sarily go to pieces. And even if a mani did in a dream see a spook, and get the notion that it was himself or another appearing at ter death avery wild supposition-lwhy should that par ticular dream, unusupported by general expe rience, and, indeed, opposed Io general expe rience, be the one dream which mastered the world? It would not explain anything -to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort ; for if swe know anythiug about savages-- and we know very little-it is that the ghost-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading himn to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did he single out an un comfortable dream-born fantasy, to mnake of it an important motor in' his career, a career of which all the rest consisted in utidising slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur rent facts? The occurrenco of dreams will not explain the "step back," nor will the theory, once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whence the fear of what had never happened ? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, still less to cause so tremendous an effort of the imagination as the existence of life after death. GrOnt Pope's notion that tlce savage fears the thunder or the tempest till he reco' nises in them some power above himseic, and still there is no relation between that fear. which, inoreover. ought to have weakened and not strengthened him, and the notion of a future state which he had never seen or heard of. The lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The converse idea is better than that--namely, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desire for a Ihappicr lifoe; but that also explains very little. Why did thait particular wishbecome so concrete as, in the teeth of all experience, to become a faith ? No other wish did, not even the savage'ogreatest wish of all, for more easily procurable food. Vo do not thinlk much of tlhe argmncnt to which Lady Welby appears to at tach force, that no other animal has been victimised by the ghost-illusion, for we do not know in the loat what animals think; and so far as we causee, man is the only aniimal who accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except in the most limited degree, any experi ence at all. But, confining the argumuent to maun, what made him accept a weoakening illu sion, contradicted by every fact of whichl he or his fathers had any cognisance ? He believed in a thing lwhich hIe had never seen or heard of, and for which, through all the cycles during which he was accumulating from experience the materials of thought, he had no evidence whart ever. Why? To us, and we suppose to all Christians who have thought upon the subject, there appear to be only two reasonable answers to that ques tion. One, which in practice is, of course, quitefutile, is that primitive man actually had evidence that he hadseen or heard at some time or other that which inspired conviction in his mind. Ho became as sure of another life asof the action of sunlight, and for the same reason. because he had watched its manifestations. This, which was the universal theory of the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, ve qscite admit, a purely con jectuosl hypothesis. We know little, except by conjecture, of the exoerience of primitive muin, nothing whatever of his mind, and; aboveall, nothing vwhatever of his thoughlts about things non-material. He may have had a greatmany, as some existing savages have; or he may have had none, as seems to be the case--and possibly only seems-with some of the very lowest tribes. He may have been closer to the in. visible world than we are, is the legends of all races affirm; or he may have been, as the modern animals are supposed to be, much further off. There can beno evidence on the ubject, and, except as an intellectual exercise, it must always be useless to diScuss it. The other answer'is that, whatever the truthabout the evolution of thought-and part of the theory is almost visibly true-some thosghts mnieet ho intuittonal; must, that isi havebesh generated in man originally by some external power. NotbinQ is self- geatorated; and:yet they do not sprng from experience, which, in fact, sofaras material experience is concerned, denies and refutes them. Tihe first of those thoughts-it is not the only one-is that idea of the future tauto to which Lady Welby refers as the great" break" in the evolution of mind, the conception which shouldhave burdened its recipients in the great race, and so extinguished them, but which. on the eontrary, on evidenee admitted by materialists, made themn run the faster. That thought certainly did not come from experience; and if it did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully the existence of the present mind of mmu?: 