The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, MAY 19, 1890. Birt HENRY PATIKES waa throvra out of a cab in I _Targarot-Btroot yesterday, through tho horse »hying, and ouetainod a double fracture of the right leg. The shock to the svstoin is slight, but it is antici- pated that quite a month must olapio before the Premier on return to his publio duties. Oon summary of news for England, par the mail steamer Orieut, appears elsewhere in this ¡emu. TUB United States has, it is rumoured, aban- doned its claim to tho exclusivo right of wal fishing in tho Bebring Seo. i THE matoh botween the Australian Eleven and Air. 11, N. Laverton's team rosulted in a victory for tho latter, who scored SGI «gainst 188 by tbo visitors. THE House of., Commons has rejected, by a majority of 73 votes, tho amendment moved by Mr. W. 8. Oaino in tbo New - ¡censing Bill, pro- viding that no,compensation bo granted to publicans on tbo extinction of their licenses by tho operation of the bill. Taurin baa boan a fall of 15s in the value of the Bank of New Zealand shares. A meeting of share- holders has docidod that it is donrablo to transfer tbo head office to London, and has suggostod that additional strong narnu Bbould bo placod on tho London board. TIIK London Sianciorrf thinks that tho banking bnsinoss of tbo Bank of Now Zealand is etill oxcollont It points out that most of the current profits for years past havo been swallowed up in a vain effort to copo with depreciation of proporty. -fit, GSADSTONS admits that doplorablo resulta must follow whoro Chinóse population is largoly maseod in tho towna. Tun lottor of Sir .Tohn Pondor, ohairman of the Eastorn Extonsion Tolograph Company, to the Australian Agonts-Gonoral, relating to tha cable tariff, has boon published in tho ¡Time: THE trial of Major Pauilza, in oonncotion with tho Bulgarian plot, has commonced at Soda, THE Russian pros«, is inconscd tit nn address mndo by tho Emperor William, in which bo said that Germany would maintain pesco because the army was ablo to on forco it. This is rogardod as a direct throat against Russia. JunaMi.NT has boon rosorvod in the Privy Council appeal case of O'Rourlto and M'Sharry v. the Commissioners for Railways. Bv an accidont to a ferry boat at Ratebor, in Silesia, SG children, who wara proceeding to a con tirmotion service, woro drowned. IT is bolioved that an amicable settlement of the threatened strike of railway roon in Now Zoaland will take place, although where tho ballot has boon completed thorn is a largo majority in favour of a strike. THE Customs revenuo rccoircd on Saturday amounted to £1252. A -»non amount of Barrior scrip changed hands at tho Mining Exchanges, pricos gonorally roiuaicing firm. Very litllo business was dono in investment shares. A TEnniDLE murder was committed in Melbourne on Saturday by a man named Josoph M'Grath, tho victim being a man namod Ratzlaff. The murder is supposed to bo the outcomo of religious mania. THE shearers' dispute in. Queensland has been amicably settled. The conference passed a resolu- tion by which the squattera agreed only to employ union shearers provided satisfactory agreements and rules could bo arrangod between the ishoopowners' Association and the Barling Bowns and Queensland Shoarers' Union. TUB li.M.S. Oroya, with incoming mails and j passongors has nrrivod at Albany. Our. London correspondent states that the great succcyis which atteudod the floating; of the Victorian loan carno as a surprise, oven to tho most sanguino friends ot the oolony, especially as tho Victorian GoTornment fixed both the price- and the amount of the loan contrary to tho advice offered by thoir financial advisers hore. A loan of £3,000,000 was ro- gardod as quite out of tbe question, but the Victorian Cabinet disregarded this advice, and flxod tho amouit at -1,000,000. IT is reported that tho Mayor of Perth will be created a Knight Baoholor, and that Sir Thomar» Cockburn Campbell will be made a Companion of the Order of St. Michaol and St. George, THE London silver market continuos to fluctuate, and after receding to 9s luJd per oz. on tbo nth instant, has gone up to 3s ll$d. There is a further advance of 10a por toa in the prico of copper. THE schooner Meta, 19 days out from Adelaide, bound for Port Natal, put into King Goorge'e Sound sevoraly dauiagod. When nine days out, off Cape Louwin, tho vessel was caught by a oyclone, causing her to spring a leak. The crow wore kept eight days at the pumps. HEAW rain is reported from many country dis- tricts. Gonorally, it is thought it will do a groat amount of good, as it wSl enablo farmers to com- plote ploughing operations. AT the Wosleynn Conference on Saturday tbo question of granting legislativo powors to annual conferences was further considered. The confer- ence, recognisingthat divorsityof oircnm stances justi- fying provision for diversity of methods, recorded its willingness to confer upon the annual confer- ences a discretionary power to deal, within consti- tutional linee, according to their own requirements, with such mattera as wera from timo to timo specifically remitted to them by the General Con- ference. THE German, Army Bill has been referred to a committee. The bill, it is cousidorod, is certain to pass. IT has been resolved to maintain tbo rights of Franco in regard to the Newfoundland fisheries; but a modus vivendi is to be adopted in order to | avoid a ontlict. Sin ROBERT STOUT, of Now Zoaland, contends that tho perfoolion of tho present system of govern ' meut is more urgently required hythe colonies than federation. As omir who tried to raiso a forco of recruits to mr.ko an attack on Wady Haifa has been expolled I by tho Arabs of Bongola. | Trm British Government insists upon the Zambesi and Shira Rivers, in South- East Africa, being recognised as international highways. A MASOXS' and bricklayers' strike has occurred in Adelaide. Fifty mon bave loft work. 'They demand payment at the rato of 10s per day. IT has been resolved that the system of adver- tising on the back of tram tickets shall be adopted in the next parcel of tickets that is printed. THERE was a brilliant gathering at the Guild- hall on the occasion ef the jubileo of the inaugura- tion of the penny postage system. Tho Prince of Wales and alargo number of notable porsonagoj were present A COSITOOMISE has been agreed upon by tho American llouso of Representatives with respect to tbo bill doaling with the tariff on carpot weela. THE bill introduced into tho llouso of Commons for regulating in England tbe salo of fr ozen meat from the colonies has been withdrawn. GENERA*. BOULASOEK intends to retire into pri vato life, and the Bonlangist National Corni-tites has been dissolved. A itRWAitn of £100 is offered by the Government for such information as will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the murderer of the man Denis Connell in the Domain on the 23rd ultimo, A MAX named Adolphus Ballon mot with his death at Footscray (Melbourno) yostorday through I jumping cn a train whilst in motion. His foot ' slipped, but ho succeeded in holding on to ths guard- iron for somo time, but then fell. The wheels passed over both his logs, which were after, wards amputated. A SILVER whip has beon presented to the Pioton Mounted Infantry by Major Lasseter in com- memoration of a special tactical movement success- fully executed by the company during the sham fight at tho lato Easter encampment IT is stated that Mr. H. M. Stanley is engaged to marry Mies Dorothy Tennant, the well-known artist BETWEEN Monindie and Wilcannia there ia nothing but water in places as far as the eye can seo The mojority of the stations are proteotod by umbankmonts which aro holding well. Captain Wallace, who was on tho Darling during tho flood of 18C4, is of opinion that tho present flood is quite as high. __________________ The evidence given hy Mr. EDDY before the City Railway Commission shows the very full consideration bestowed by the head o£ the Railway Department on the question of the proposed extension from Redfern into tbo city. His references to the provision, at great expense, of railway stations in London, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Birmingham, and other large ci+ies of the United Kingdom demonstrate the importance attached by private com- panies to the concentration of the traffic on points convenient for large popula- tions. And if it is regarded as desirable to bring tho railway into the heart of those cities, it must be conceded that it is of greater consequence to centre the trafilo in the city of Sydney, which is the terminus of nearly every railway line branching out over a territory which is moro than three times as largo,nu the United Kingdom. Growing more rapidly than any city of the United Kingdom, with country which is being peopled three times as fast as England, what the development« of population and traffic will bo in the near fusurn may -well bo conceived. Those facts could hardly do otherwise than givo impulse to the thought of Mr. EDDY, who sees the necessity, not of one railway to Hyde Park, but possibly of another at no distant date to the western part of the city ; and who already plans a circular railway from Hyde Park, by way of Paddington, Waverley, Bondi, Coogee, Randwick, La -Perouse, and the racecourse, making full provision for the hitherto neglected Bastera .uburbc,» also _ contemplating a branch from Petersham to Ryde. Mr. EDDY has Been something .£ the dispo- sition and ability of the people to patronise tho public vohicles on tho railways and roads of tho city and colony ; and knowing, as ho doeB, that railways afford much tho choapost means of conveyance, it is not surprising that ho Bliould aim to meet a doflcionoy which is a matter of wonder to evory truvoUor who visits Sydney. Dismissing from consideration tho Bene- volent Asylum site, because- it would yield no extra revenue, and any situ on the west of tho city because of the onor mous cost of resumptions for an adequately large station, the Chief Commissioner re- commends tho ostensión of tho Uno from Rodforn to tho north- west corner of Hyde Park, and the eroction of tho nocossary station buildings at a, total cost of £708,000, including £03,000 for resump- tions. TI)oro is much force in his contention that when this land is taken thero will still bo a largo amount of opon space. And ho might havo gone on to poiat to the diminishing population in tho neighbour- hood as ovidenco that less spaco was re- quired. Ko doubt it is a hoalthy senti- ment to wish to guard our parks from unnecessary intrusion, but thero can be really no incouvenienco or loss worth consideration from tho occupation of a corner of tho park in comparison with the great publio convenience and advantage to bo derivod from the creation of a central railway station. Sentimont may bo pushed a little too far. Mora than throe-fourths of tha aroa of tho parle, and tho bost part of it, will still bo preserved to the publio after the requirements of the railway havo been providod for. Objoction to the possible block of trafilo is met by tho widening of King and Castlereagh streots, and by the adequate crossings. If, howovor, the objections to this sito are regarded as insuperable, the Commis- sioner suggests the resumption of property bounded by Bathurst, Goulburn, Pitt, and Liverpool streets. But the amount of resumptions would swell the cost of the line and station to £1,410,000, as against £708,000, the cost of the extension to Kiug streot And tito disadvantage does not end here, for the lino would bo nearly half a milo shorter, and tho station far less con- venient for a large number of truvollers who carry on business at the north end of the city. The line would also bo so much furthor from tho deep wators of the harbour, which oventunlly must bo its ter- minus. Mr. EDDY thinks that the ferry fcorvico will bo au adequate connection of the railways with the .North Shore. If the ferry sorvico is not adequate, his opinion is that the bed of the harbour should bo piercod by a tunnel. In estimating the remunerativonoss of the line, tho Commissioner bringa into promi- nence tho relative cost of railway and tramway travelling. On the boBis of tho public returns, we come time back ehowod that the average cost .of travelling by tramway was three times as groat us the cost of railway transit on the suburban lines. Wo observo that tho Com- missioner estimates a payable return from rates less than half the tramway fares botween Sydney and Redfern. A second-class ticket is to bo Id. and return 2d,, just one-half the tram fore ; and a season tickot will be Is. per month. Tho ohief saving will bo mado by the use of season tickets, which will enablo the holden to travel at a fourth of the cost of the tram tickots. Thousands of people who, from economical con- siderations, nro now daily forced to walk to mid from Redfern would doubtless uso tho railway at the cheapor ratos. Mr. EDDY does not mean to give the additional sorvico for nothing, as some opponents of tho extension have allirmed. But ho can afford to give it at a third of the cost of tho tromway rotos with- out loss to the country. It must bo remembered that Mr. EDDY, in giving evidence, makes himself respon- sible for its ncouracy. By whatever method ho has arrived at his estimate of the remunerativenqsa of the railway, it is to be noticed that his views aro substan- tially confirmed by an independent exami- nation of the cost of tramway and rail- way locomotion between Sydney and tho j suburbs. By tho increasing population ot tho eastern suburbs, already numbering tens of thousands, Mr. EDDY'S proposal of railway connection with the city will have been read with satisfaction. Quite as much, even, us the extension of the railway from Red- fern into the city, is such additional convenience required. Tramway travel- ling is slow, uncomfortable, and costly. A comfortable railway service- could be given at much less expense. Popu- lar as tho seaside resorts aro already, they would bo much moro so when made easy of access by railway communication. Though not more than four "to eight milos from the coast, the residents of the western suburbs are practically cut off from tho ocean by nearly half a day's journey. A cir- cular railway would greatly promote com- munication between tho city and tho sub- urbs, and between tho eastern and western suburbs. Tho deficiency of adequate moons of communication, besides limiting the means of enjoyment, increases tho cost of living, nud thus reduces the capacity for industrial competition of a third of the population, to the detriment of tho whole colony. With numbers of unem- ployed in our midst, it cannot but bo a matter for surprise that thero should bo hesitancy in promptly sanctioning a work which Mr. EDDY soys would pay from tho outset. Doubtless the Railway Commission will give full weight to the evidence of our chief railway expert on a matter of euch vital importance to the welfare of thd city, and we may add of the colony. There are two points of interest ia the correspondence, -wo have been publishing lately regarding St» John's Cemetery, Par- ramatta, that are quite worth the attention that has been given them. The cometery, we are (old, has fallen into a condition of negleot, having been for somo time disused ; and it has peculiarly interesting associations, as being the burial place of many men whose names are part of the very early history of settle- ment in this colony. It is perhaps to be expected that as the burial-places of the people become disused year by year, the interest in their orderly keeping will fall off, until at length they come to present that aspect of desolation and negleot that is nowhere so ? desolate as here. A letter of Archdeacon GUNTHER, however, would seem to indicate» that this condition has not been reached in tho caso of St. John's Cemetery at Parra- matta. The bad weather of late has wrought much, havoc ia a short while, but nothing more than a few hundred pounds of outlay under the direction of the trustees, we are assured, will be sufficient to repair. It is possible that the tem- porary condition of this churchyard would have received no more atten- tion than that of many others that could be pointed to about the colony, and even about the city, had it not been for the historio associations it possesses. Governors' ladies, old clergymen, and old colonists whose names were ono* familiar as household words in the land, I lie> .Ouriod. there. And an appeal hevi liéen made for funds for the beautifying of, thi« old burial-place, as a tributo to their memories. Somoono has written that tho civilisa- tion of a peoplo may bo moasurod by the caro with which their last resting places aro kept. Tho loaming of the Egyptians among tho anoionts was no loss rotnorkablo than tho atten- tion that wiso pooplo bestowed on thoir dead. But perhaps it would not do to apply tho same criterion of judgment to tho civilisation of lator days. Tho sontimont that hallows a gravo has augmontod rathor than diminished as tho Wo8torn social order do voloped, but tho sontimont itself was the chief causo of tho 'postilonce bronthing churchyards that poisoned tho air of groat cities liko London fifty years ago. It was a socrod feeling that led mon to sot aside a portion of ground in the shadow of ft church for\burial purposes, and call it in the oid Saxon phraso " God's acre." Cathedrals thomsslvos, that rose as monuments of mon* who had de- parted, booamo tho lost rosting-plocos of those who onoo worshipped iu their aislos. To disturb these old customs would havo boon regarded as.a desocration. Tlio curss inscribed on SHAICKIPKARIÎ'S tomb for tho man who might mdvo tho poofs bones exprossos very woll a strong instinct that it took many sharp lossotia to weaken, and many a plague and many a pestilence that devastated Europe in the middle ages might bo traced to a populaV prejudice on this subject that is as natural as it is porhap* unreasonable \ "^ Tho question-of tho monntomont1 of cemotorios is, indeed, so closely lonnoctad with the health of tho'people tlafc it has not soldom raised a conflict (between sontimont for tho dead and tho safety of the living. This was notably tie caso whon the old overorowded churchwards in London beenmo a danger to tho mdropolis and a scandal rathor than a credit to its civilisation. Por many yoori the stato of things that had Vrown u» under tho shadow of the oiurch walls had boen a standing peril ti the public health, and the ovortllled church- yards thomsolvea but so many undeon things among the daily haunts and dwel- lings of tho peoplo. Tho oponmg of Ifcn sal Green cotnotory in 1832 did somothpg to open tho eyes of the publio to w\at those esme torios ought to bo ; but eigit years lator, when attention was called Vi the ITouso of Commons to tho subjea, everything practically íomained to bo dont A Parliamentary Committoo in 1843 throv a flood of light on tho wholo subjoct, and between that year and 1856 the question was continually before the XIouso and the' public. Tho roports of medical men wero conclusive. Tho emanations of deadly gnsos from tho graveyards of ages, and tho filtration of inor- ganic matter into wolls, wore fruitful causes of disease and death. On the other side was the sontimeixt that for. bndo tho disturbing of tho remains of tho city's dead. In the your last-named, however, nstwithstanding the opposition that natural sontimont hod to offer, the presont plan of general cometerlos was systematically onterod upon, and the old churchyards woro closed. Any- one who compares tho burial-places at Woking, Highgate, Norwood, and other places to- day with what is recordod of tho churchyards half a century ago, will not fnil to admit that Bontiment as well u« public health has gained moro than it could possibly have lost by the chango. One of tho recommendations of thoso who made a thorough inquiry into this matter, for tho purposes of tlicso Parliunientary committees, was tho turning of disused cemotorios into parks and ornamental gardens. If theso burial- places woro not ovorcrowdod, it was pointed out, and the soil loft undisturbed sufficiently long to allow of tho passing away of the material remains by a process of natural decay, theso spaces might be turned into resorvoira and storage places of fresh air. In the crowded metropolitan distriots of u city liko London this was a most dosirablo thing. Thero is no reason why tho disused cemeteries that aro to bo mot with in theso colonies occasionally desolate and neglected, and rankly over- grown with dank weeds as they are for tho most part-should not bo turned into boauty-spots and places sacred to orderly quiet in the same woy. Uf course tho sontimont respecting the dead must always give way to the requirements of the living, and whera the march of progross roquiros the resumption of a ceme- tery tho sentiment that is in danger of degenerating into an unreasonable pre- judice must not be allowed to stand in the way. But thoro aro old graveyards out of the way of progross, with historical asso- ciations of their own that caunot be re- placed. Tho cemetery of St. John's at Parra- matta is one of thom, and thoro ought to bo sufficient liberality among the pooplo to whom it belongs, and thoso who aro in- terested in the spot on other grounds, to rescue it from desolation. j The report of tho Comptroller-Genoral of Prisons for the year 1889 (an abstract of which wo published on Friday) must, on tho whole, be rogiirdod nB satisfac- tory, but tho satisfaction, such as it is, can only bo of a negative character. We may congratulato ourselves on tho admir- able mannor in which our prisons aro conducted, the excollont disciplino which is maintained, and tho good health of tho prisoners, hut we j cannot disregard the fact that tho 1 number of prisoners shows no appreci- able diminution. Co rtainly there is no groat incroase, nnd so far wo havo roasou to be conlea.Jil. Compared with 1888, the number of persons in prison at the end of last year was slightly greater, being 2372, as asainst 23C8 on the previous 31st of December. The increase was, therefore, only 10, but in the Kleantimo tho population of tho [ colony had increased by some 37,000 people, so that tho increase in prisonors j did not keep pace with the increase in j tbe population. Wo havo a right, how- i ever, te expect something moro than this, and to look for an actual yearly decreaso in the prison population of tho j colony, proportioned to the rate at which moral influences, education, and enlightened views are spreading amongst the classes which próvido the greatoBt number of reoruits for our prisons, i This is the inferenco which ono wonld like to draw from a report of this character, but, unfortunatoly, the doovment does not próvido the neoossary I materiul. Thero is certainly a consider- i able decrease in the nurabor of entries, which were 18,000 in 1888, and only ' 17,023 in 1880, but the roduotion, which on paper looks over a thousand, docs not really exist, and is probably brought ¡ about by the method in which the statistics are compiled. We aro in- formed, in the next line, that the number of distinct persons received was | 10,074, os against 10,880 for 1888, and thus it appears that whilst the number of entries was smaller, the number of persons who went to prison for offences was larger. This sounds contradictory, bnt tho apparent discrepancy botween the two sets of, figures ia really duo to the faot that a prisoner is ..often C3_*--> mitted for more than ono offence, and so may appear several times on the entries, and only onco on the actual rall. The figures rolating to re-conviotions aro also by no moans encouraging. In tho first class, for gravor offences, which aro punished with imprisonment for periods of five yoars and upwards, the re-conviction» woro 86, as against 08 for 1888. In tho second class, or less than five yoars* imprisonment, tho ro- conviotiona woro 407, as against 315 in 1888. In the third class, or those aentoncod to imprison- ment alone, without hard labour, thora was also an increase from 1C0 to 107, and it is only whon wo como to the class of drunkaids and potty offenders, that wo find any decrease in the number of ro- conviciions. In this class there was a falling-ott from 2011 in 1888 tolG25 in 1889. It is difficult to say how far this reduction is real, for bo much depends on tho action of the polico towards drunkon or drunken and dis- orderly peraons. If tho polico adopt a strict policy and arrest evoryono they soo in to-icatod in the slreots, tho figures run up with startling rapidity, whilst on the othor hand, if tho polico receive orders to oxerciso a just discretion, there is at ouco a marked decreaso in tho attondauco at the polico courts. It is impossible, therefore, to mako any very important deductions from tho figures rolating to this class of prisoners, for their nnmbor can bo mudo to fluctuate at will. A striking instanco of tho untrustworthinosa of tins lund of statistics is to bo found in Victoria, where tho amount of drunkenness appoars at first sight to bo very muoh loss than in this colony. Tho number arrested in that colony in ono year is given as 15,578, whilst iu this colony it was 21,129. Tho proportion to population was therefore 15-3 per thousand in the fornior colony, and 10'8 in this colony. Naturally, on tho strength of those figures, Ike superficial observer would'lookupon Victoria as beyigthomoro sober colouy of the * two, until ho learnt that tho consumption of alcohol per bond is larger in Victoria than in any of the Australian colonies. The police in Vic- toria do not moko arrests for drunkennoss unless accompanied by disorder, and this accounts for the whole of tho difference. Turning, howovor, to the brightor sido of the report, we find that the Comptroller has better nows to convoy with regard to tho internal management of the prisons, and especially with regard to the working of the new regulations for the separate troatmont of young offenders. Those regulations came into force in November, 1888, and so far the results of the system havo boen most .(«ntisfaotory. Tho regulations aim at keeping young prisoners under the ago of 2ö entirety separated, and it W obvious that if this can be dono Vithout injuring the hoalth of the yiung criminals, or impairing the eftlcienoy oi tho prison management, nothing but boiedt can onBue. The contaminating itiluenco of the old and hardened sinners hala fatal effect on tho mind of the young oiïthder, who has only just com- menced his caroer of crimo, and who wouu often entirely reform wero his own\ hotter nature allowed to assert itsoln This is whut tho now regulations aim ii, and thoy remove a.feature which has ban a long-standing "blot on our prison systonv-tho manner in which criminals of all agu wero promiscuously horded- to- gether.! The Deputy-Governor of Darling- hurst Oaol tostiUes that the effect of the system \ al-ready appnront in the criminal returns, y'During the year 1888,"' he says, " the nuBbcr of prisoners of this particu- lar claps yUo were received was 10S4, of whom dfring that year 1G8 woro twice and 85 Ireo or moro timos convicted, while dutag 1889 thero woro received 532, of whbi 40 woro twice and 10 three times con-vVted." Another ¿aturo in our prison managomont which muru a distinct advanco towards a moro humautarian and rational method of treatment isVko Licoiido system, whioh is now in full Wee «ft Trial Bay. Thoro uro 130 prisnors of this character at work on tho »renkwater which is being constructed b\ the Harbours and Rivers Department, au their conduct is reported as having beb oxtromely good. Tho system is one okho finest memorials which tho lato Compteller-Genoral, Mr. HAROLD MACLEAJJ, has lot behind him, sinco it was adopted at his Vocommondatiou, and in order that prisonVs who were serving long Bentoncos shoultlbnvo some induoomont for good behavioi held out to them. It i is somowhat stranVilo lind that admirably managed little iusiution, the Shaftosbury Reformatory, clas&d; under tho hoad of prisons, for i\ is in reality far moro liko a homl than a gaol. The number of girls in tfc institution is given as 42, and the necesHy of extending the institution is pointedWt, There is room hero for a word a warning. There should bo no fuSior enlargement, but if necessary anthor and entirely sopnrato reformatory VUould bo estab- lished ou tho samé lines ; 40 girls aro quito as many akone matron can manage au a family, nnatho moment tho reformatory loses its fàuly character it becomes, in reality, whati ¡B now only in name-a prison. 'fherointies the dangor, and for tho saleo of tho miy who may in tho futuro bo won from Vjoe to virtuo, from a careor of misery l aTioppy and virtuous life, let us hoar a moro of this proposal to inoroaso tho sizoV tho Shaf tes- bury. _ \ MEMBEIIS of the Parliamentary «anding Com mittoo on Publio Works will meet V Wednesday aftoraoon. The business to bo tisaotcd ia the consideration of tho reports to bo siWitted to the Legislativo Assombly on tho proposl bridge ovor the Lachlan River at Cowra, and onhg proposed railway from Molong to Parkos and ibos. It is expeefcd that the»o reports together »h the ovi donco and tho committeo's decision h the pro- posed railway from _tudgoe tri Gulgong, will bo laid on the tnblo of \0- House this week. Tho only other business ruining to be dealt with, excepting tho cabio trarAroposals, lbs furthor consideration of which has fen post- poned for two months, pending the resVg 0f ex- periments with electric cars to bo mi by the Railway Commissioners, is tho proposal 1 ereot a hospital for the insane on Kenmore EsU noar Goulburn, and the roopouing of the inqW into tho propoBod line of railway which will coLt the North Shore Railway with the deep waters! pott Jaoltson at Milson's Point Thero_ is a pribility of tho proposal to build tho hospital on limoro Estato being withdrawn ia view of tbe eigWrjg changed. I A r-AULiAUKNTARY paper has been issuou shying tho past operations of tho expansive clauses \ tho Electoral Act of 1880, the names of the electLtes whioh wcro returned as being capable of retting an additional member to tbo Legislativa Assay, at tho general election held in February bj under the clauses named, and the number of eleWs in each elootorato in tbo colony upon the rolls fin 188Ü to 1800. From the tabulated atatomenit appeals that the number of members at tbs genái election in 18EÍ! was 7.08, and at the general eli tion in 1889 the nurnbûr liad ricen to 1.17, bett an increase of 3d. The number of names on ti] olector.il rolls in 1880 was 188,414, and for til years 1889-90 290,814, being, in round number) an increase of 102,000 voters. THE -«rotary to t)'0 Vine Biseases Boara informs, us that phylioxora has been found in the diitriotsl of Camden and Seven Hills, but in no other part] ot the colony. ' THE Ontenumnt Gazette, published on Friday, contains an announcement whio'.i offors a Govern- ment reward of £100 for such information as will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the person or persons who murdered tbo man Denis C«c\reH..-i tbe Barnaul on the night of (ha Sard [ ultimo. In addition to the abovo reward, his EJ> | eellency the Governor will be advised tosxUndJ free pardon to any accomplice, not being the person who actually murdered Connell, who shall first gin such required information. Tun system of advertising on the back of trinr tickets will bo adopted in the next parcel of ticket« that is printed, ¡¿evora 1 advertising contracts liare boon lot, and a considerably larger revenue ii oxpccted than would havo boon roeeived had the' wbolo of the advertisement space been lot undo ono contract, as was proposed some time ago, anti for whioh tondors wera roceivod but not accepted, Mn. RicriAnn IIEXDEHKOK, who baa acled M chief assistant in the Redfern Superior Public school for upwards of two yoars, and who has boos promoted to the ohargo of the Wost liesfera school, was on Friday afternoon tbo recipient of an addresi and somo valuable presonts from tho teachers and scholars with whom ho has so long boon associated, After the address had boen road, Sir. Parkinson, tin hoad masler, referred to the valuable assistance lie bad at all times roeeived from Mr. Henderson, and tho cordial relations that had always existed between thcro. Mr. Henderson, in reply, thanked all con. cerned for their testimonial. ESULISII mails to London date April l8 are on board tho Orient liner It-ît.S. Oroya, which arrived at Albany on Saturday, after a splendid ran. The Sydney portion of tho mail should arrive hore on Thursday novt, tho 34th day from London. Of mail steamer movomonts, it will bo noticed that the It.M.S. Alameda, hence to Auckland, made the ron across in 3 days l8 hours, Tho 1UM S, Carthage, honco to London, took her final departure from Australia on Saturday night last from Albany for Colombo; and to-day tho P. and 0. Compao/i I U.M.-. Victoria will commença her voyage to Lon- don. Sho will leavo hero with a largo number of passengers and a fair amount of cargo, Wrrn respoot to the loss of tlio Ysabol, Captain John Strachan writes-"Tbo Ysabel «JW .(? Dobbo on August Cth last, and Mr. Arcnien, the commandant thors, inquired of mo if I lud seen such a vessel on tho coa'fc. Afterwards I vest ta Port Darwin, but returned to tho coast, and at great trouble loss, danger, and sorao oxpones, got the story of the Tsabel massacra os I havo sirorn it te Mrs. "Waritera' solicitors, «rho are seeking (robita of tho lato Captain Wari ton' will." Wonn has hoon roceived from tho New Hobnail islands that anothor European engaged in pur. chasing copra at the island of Auibrym has been murdered by natives. Those outragos aro causing great uncasinoss to tho planters and settlers, who look forward to tho arrival of a man-of-wu to avongo tho crimes of tho nativo«. Concerning this group of islands, a roport is to hand showing that a »oneil company has inado largo purchase) of lands at ona or two of the islands. Colite. planting and tho cultivation of maco aro being prosocutod T¡gorou< much in favour, and ero long it is hoped to send cargoes of bananas to tho ¡Sydney market quieket than thoy can be supplied from Fiji. The master of tho Ika Vuka reports that during tho voyago he discovered an extensivo shoal not named on oxistinj; charts. Sounding» woro taken which gavo IS fathoms, but it is quilo possible shallowor water exists at other parts of the shoal. The position ii given in tho Ika Vuka'e report, and steps will, ra doubt, bo taken to have the place surveyed and itf extent accurately dofincd, Tun second shipment which has been made to Sydney of Kew Zealand f tosh fish arrived yesterday in tbo frcozing chambers of the steamer AVairarspi from Auckland. The steamer haB on board about 20 tons of it, contained in 270 COBOS. It ii in« tendod to land the consignment this morning; About half the fish i« from Auckland, and com- prises llounders, gurnot, schnapper, &o.; Then is also a quantity of frozen pheasants. The. results of tho last shipment to Sydney-that by tho Mararoa-woro vory encouraging, aod I it is anticipated that tho carno dozree of I success will attend this consignment 'ihe next shipmont ia to arrive by tho Mararoa in a few weoks. Tho Union S.S. Company's nor cargo eteamor, Monowai, due at Dunedin at the ord of the prosent month, will, it is said, run regularly in tho intercolonial trade, and it is inlonded to utilise bel large cool chamber space for further shipment! of llsb. I _ TUE Wosloyan General Conference continuod iii sittings at tho Centenary Hall, York-street, on Saturday. The principal business was ths discussion of the report of tho committee on thi legislative powers to bo givon to annual con- ferences. The report WOB received, and sovoral recommendations wore adopted, others boing de- ferred. Tho dobato on tho Church momborsbip question was postponed until to-day, when it ia anticipated that a decision will be arrived at, The ltev. Goorgo Brown, goaoral secretary of missions, obtained permission to depart at once oa his visit lo Now Guiuca for tho purpose of in er " viowing his Excollenoy Sir William M'Gregor ind missionaries of other societies in referooco to thi proposed new mission in the castora end of Sow Guinea and tho adjacent island groups. The Con« fcrenco nt its lieiug at 1 p.m., adjourned until 10 o'clock to-day. Inn Rov. Dr. Bevan, of Melbourne, prcachol al both tho morning aud evening services yesterda' in tbo Pitt-street Congregational Churoh. At'tis morning sorvico Dr. Bovan administircd tho sacrament of baptism, and, in keeling with tho solemnity, took as his text vha , words from Isaiah-" And a little child shall lead thom. Tiio wolf aUo shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lio down with lie kid, and tho calf, and the jounc lion, and the fi- ling together, and a little child shall load thora," From these words the proachor proceeded to drav lossons, showing that nought but good could aria from the cultivation of a pura and patient ant trustful spirit both in tho individual and in thi church ; and that forces of this kind, though lonj kept in the background and oppressed, as in the casi of tho Socioty of -friends, would ulti- mately, by the effect of inherent virtue and merit, win recognition as most roient factors in tho regeneration of mankind. At tho ovoning service Dr. Bevan preached upon tho words of St. Luko-" And behold tbero was I man in Jerusalem whose name waa Simeon, and thi same man waa just und dovout,waiting for the cot eolation of leraol, and the lloly Ghost was upai him." The rev. gentlomaa said that in tho word of tho text was Bet forth an ideal chancle; that man might woll strivo after. It was i character at the very basis of which was a tra humanity, perfoot in all its parts. Fbye_I atlributes should never bo ignored, rather nu should conservo his complete humanity in ill healthfulncis and porfoctness, and offer it to Goi An offering to God of man's being whu it had boen reduced to nought bit embers, was a sacrifico of little valus. Min'? body should be cultivated, and kept puro, -d usod for promoting the glory of its Makor. Tbtra should also bo recognition on tbe part of etch man of duties to be discharge! by üim. Then was no groat crodit in withdrawing oneself fr_i the duties of publio life, for if ono did not disdiarr» his duty to the State, thero was just that muet ol him which was imperfect and incomplete. Andu in all other doparlments of lifo, it was not interied that man Bhould draw himself away from the fellowship of his kind. It was necessary lot him to complete, so far as he could, his moni, physical, mental, and spiritual nature, and tint could boat bo d one by being brought in coctict with tho beat of one's kind, by taking Christiola the heart and life, and so being ulled with lu» everlasting. As opon-air religious démonstration, held in (on neotion with ths Central Methodist Mission, took place at tho Queen's Statuo, King-street, yesterday aftornoon. A largo crowd ot men wore presont, to whom popular addresses wero delivered ?$ by tho Eevc A. It. Edgar and W. G. Taylor, and | Mr. W. Davis, J.P. A mass mooting of working | men was also held in the Centenary Hall, York- a street ; the Bov. W. G. Taylorpresided. The chairmiii J montioned that from tho commencement of the Jj mission the committee had held out a helping hand j to the working olass of thil city, and it was gi* | tifying to see such a large gathering. The follow- | ing representative gentlemen of other colonia g addressed tbo assemblage:-Tho Hon. jams ? Campbell, M.L.O. (late Postmaster-General »I I Viotoria), on "Why I believe in Christianity"! I the itov. W. H. Fitch*», H.A., of Malbouroe, OB I .'How to test a Creed"; and the Bov. JoMph I Berry, of New Zealand, on " Shall we atiok to oat Creed ?" Enoh address wat attentively listened to and applaudod. Miss Eldridge (resided st tia organ. The orchestral band and trained choir were present, and rendered some Mleetiooi of nsred musió. i Tua United State« Consul »t Dusaddorf devotes i recant report to a description of the Krupp workl it Essen. The firm works for most of tit» grear. Powora except France, and has more csntracts than lit can carry ont at one«. It has ita seoMt agents ia ivery important country. This waa shown in * noasore daring the recent visit of sa ordnance Ulcer of the United States array. This gentleman imo to offer tho works a contract 'for about 5000 worth of gun material at their o wa prioe. ¡io offer waa promptly declined, with thi informa« in that the works would only ¿»tract foi ppleta guns in large quantities, they wen ' |y advised of th« officer's visit, k«ew [the charao foi his aiders, his departure from! ho»«, hil «rival there, and all about his business in general, and further, refused him the privilege of inspecting any part of tho works. ACCCSB to this establishment his been deniod of lato to ovory sightseer ; only those are admitted who havo business and are under charge of an attendant. The worts cover about 100O acres, divided by a broad roadway through the middle 150ft wide loading to tho Kropp villago or colony boyond, containing about 8000 houses, each with a small yard or garden. Iho number of mon omploycd in all tho departments (hue years n¡ro wos 20,000 ; at til« prcsont time tbs number rcochos about 25,000 or ovor. Tho man- agement is conducted by a control offico, which is connected by telephono and telegraph with all parts of the works, with tho main olfico in Essen, and from that offico by cable to oil parti of tho world. Cast-stool works at Ksson, threo coal minos noar Ksion and Bochum. 617 iron ore mines in Gor many, several iron oro minos in Spain, four forges ¡n othor parts of Europe, a trial shooting-ground 18-8 kilometres long, a trial shooting-ground 7"5 kilometres long, four ocean steamers, 11 largo i fnmaoos, 1542 »molting stovos, 439 steam boilers in actual uso 82 steam hammers (woight 10 to 50,000 kilogramnios), 450 steam engines (from 2 to 1000 horse-power), 1022 divers tool-making machines, 14 largo locomotive engines, and 40 null locomotive engines form part of tho plant of the works, Wiin rogard to Madnmo Tahebrikova, the Bnssian lady who recently wrote a warning letter to the Czar, the Vienna correspondent of the Times «rriis on April 8:-"Tho lady has not boon released, but lias boon transported to Ponrn, in tho Caucasus, and placod thoro under strict police- sur- veillance. Sho has boon convoyod to hor destination in a kikitka or cellular carriage without windows, snd under an escort of gendarme«, rapidly driven over bad roads, and with no haltB except in tho open country, whoto thero was no inn lo afford .her a fow hours' rest; sho has boon abominably fed, and donied all companionship. übe transportation of tho high-spirited lady who dared to toll Alexnndor III. tho truth ibout the condition of his orapiro seems to havo leen accomplished under evory concoivablo condi- tion of hardship. It may bo that the Czar intended U release Mdme, Tshobrikovn, but autocrats havo bit littlo effectivo power ovor the bureaucrats who rorern in their name?. Lot mo odd that tho details as io Mdme. Tshobrikova's transportation having bees quickly communicated to tho Vienna corrcs ponùrat of tho Times on iinimpeaohablo evidence is a fact which proves what activo and watchful força are at work to countoract the autocratie arito-a system of corruption, cruelty, and mis- rule, which the bureaucracy is ondoavouring to perpetuate. An important now illustrated weokly papor ia (says tho St, James's Gazette) soon to he published in London, to compote with the Graphic and the JHtHfrnted iondoit News. Tho title of tho papor will bo JSIaci and While ; a company has boon formed to work it, and a largo proportion of the capital has already beon subscribed. The managing editor will bo Mr. C N. Williamson, whoso name is well known in connection with illustrated jour- nalism, and the paper will havo a strong staff of writers, artists, and engravers. It will differ in size, (nape, and general appearance from any othor illus- trated papers, and it wih contain many new features which havo not hitherto formed part of the pro- gramme of othor journals of tho kind. It will be ton-politioil. Mr. M. II, Spiolmsnn, now editor of tho Magazine of Art, wih be art manager of tho new papor. Capital to tho extent o £ £100,000 is being raised, and the direotors will bo Sir J. D. Linton, P.B.I.. Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P., Mr. fkwald Cranford, C.M.G., Mr. Campbell Pracd, and Mr. Williamson. In view of tho fact that both the existing hiph-class illustrated weeklies pay very large dividends on their capital the prospects of the tew journal seem certainly encouraging. THE last Fronoh oonsus showed that the popula- tion of Franco consisted of 37,930,759 souls. A contemporary (says Galignam) has analysed tho (¡(tures sappliod by tho census returns ns to occupa- tions, and from its ropori it is found that the number of persons depending upon agriculture was 17,098,402; upon industrial pursuits, 8,289,206; trndo, 4,217,704; liberal profes- sions, 1,094,233; transport servie«, 1,020,721; publio administration, 711,027 ; publio forces, 613,302 ; independent porsons, 2,295,000 ; giving a total for the o'assifiod population of 86,970,681. Tho difforenco is mado up by 190,374 persons not olassod, 237,899 porsons with- out professions, and 231,805 persons with unknown professions. The mean proportion, of tho ngricul; toral classo» to tho total population is 48 per cent for the whole of Franco, but it varies from 83-0 per cent in the department of the Lozère to 2-3 fer cent in that of tho Seine. Tho proportion of tho agricultural population ¡8 much larger in the centre and west of France than in the north and n't Tho agricultural and industrial classes in Franco absorb togother threo-fourths of hor total population, and they aro distributed in inverse ratio lo each other. Tho mean proportion of the industrial population of Prance is 25 por oat, bat it is net found in any dopartmsnt, th0 nearest proportions being 12 and 20 per cent. Th0 iverago cxtont of the French trading classes is 11$ pet c-nt. of the total population. The following de ¡ailments aro cisontially commercial :-Seine, 27-5 per cent ; Bouchcs-du-Rbôno, 25 ; Itlißno, 22 ; Alpes Maritimes and Ifèro, 19; Gard and Soino-Infdrieure, 17; Ilcrault, Nord, and Seino-et-Oise, 10 percent The proportion of tbo liberal professions to the total population of Franco varies but little in tho moral departments. Its mean is nbout 5 per cent. »t tbo population. Finally, ns to tho doss of the population doscribod as independent, its mean pro- portion ovor tho whole of Franco is 11J por cent Wo find tho highest percentages in tho following äonartmenls :-¿oine-et-Oiso, 22-3 per cent.¡ Haute Garonno, 15 per cent. ; Seine, 12 per cent, ; Seine et- Marne, 11 per cent. Tho lowest mean (from 1 to 8 por cont) of persons living on their property is found in the Auvergne, Alps, Savoy, and Brittany. Mu. PfExnv Sommai, in tho courso of nn inter riotv with the Publishers' Circular, gave the following particulars wilh regard to Gould's " Birds," a completo sot of whioh is possessed by tho Sydney Public Library :-" When Mr. John Gould, tho great naturalist, dixd, his well-known valuaulo pro|orty »vas offered to t»vo or three load- ing hou«es for tender, and I purchased tho completo plant, copyright, stock, and all the vnlnablo litlio graphio stones, ior np»»aids of £5000. At the Kimo time, I secured the services of Mr. Gould's staff of colourists, nnd wai in that way onablod to iomplofo the works loft unpublished, vir-, ' The Birds of Asia,' * The Humming Birds,' and ' Tho Birds of Now Guinea.' The complote sot altogolher forms d3 volumee, importai folio. With great difficulty wo have mado up ono or two sots, whioh havo been elegantly bound and fitted into carved cabinets. You will seo by our catalogue that we iOertheso at £1000 por est." A simmxo will bo held in tho Town Hall this (vening, the object of which will bo the establishment of a second series of orchestral concerts. KKV. Dr. Bevan, of Melbourne, has agreed to loctnre for tho Y. M.' C. A. to- morrow evening, and to presch- et Croydon en Wednesday. 