SOCIETY OF MUSICIANS OF AUSTRALASIA. FIRST ANNUAL DINNER. At Glen's music hall on Saturday evening, the 23rd ult, a distinguished company of musi cians and vocalist:) attended the first annual dinner of the Society of Musicians of Austral asia. Mr. Alfred Plumpton, president of the society, occupied the chair, having on his right Sir William Robinson, the Acting-Governor. At the conclusion of the dinner the usual loyal toasts wore honored, and the President subsequently proposed the health of the Aoting- Governor, Sir '\V. 0. F. Robinson, saying that his Excollenoy was a most able composer, and was patron and member of the society. (Hear, hear.) He asked the : com pany to honor the toast in bumpers. Sir W. C. F. Robinson, who on rising to respond was received ?with applause, said that in the first place he must express the great regret which Lady Robinson felt at not being able to accompany him to the banquet. He would like, on behalf of the society as a member, to express the society's warm thanks to Mr. Glen for placing a room of his promises at tho society's disposal. There was a departure in the character of the assemblage at this evening's gathering which he hailed with great pleasure, namely, the presence of ladies. (Hear, hear.) To address the fair sex was a pleasure the after- dinner speaker did not often enjoy. He trusted that ere long the happy day would come when tho ladies would roliovo tho gentlemen, of the task of proposing toasts and responding to them, for ho was quite sure that they would do it better. Tho presi dent had been so good as to refer to him as a musician. It had fallen to his lot in life to play many parts. He had played first fiddle and - second . fiddle. (Laughter. ) There - was only one' instrument in a band that a publio man must not play — ho must not bray upon his, own trumpet. Therefore he would ask . to be excused for refraining from saying any more about himself as a musician, thanking them at the same time for the kind compliment which had been paid him in drinking his health. Great progress had latoly been made in Australia in the art of music. This fact was borne out by tho testimony of distinguished - musicians from homo, such as Mr. Cowen and Mr. Hamilton Clarko, who had found established in Melbourne musicians such as Mr. Plumpton, tho president of the society, Mr. Herz, Mr. ? Linden, Mr. Zerbini, Mr. Siede, Dr. Torrance, Mr. Zelman and others. Amongst the members of the society a higher band of federal union had been established than could be created by diplomacy or legislation. Australia had been made for the purposes of the society one nation and one neot-le. After alludinir to tho origin and aims of the Royal Society of Musicians- of Great Britain Sir 'William 'Robinson stated that the Australasian Society was more comprehensive in design than its British prototype. It not only aimed at ' assisting members, but those who had no claim on it, and altto offered to musical talent the opportunity for its cultivation, whilst members had the advantage of free medical attendance in case of illne&s.; The society, lie now thought, had been well atarted. He felt deep interest iu its welfare,- and would do all in his power to Jiromote the objects, not only of the society, iut of its individual members. (Hear, hear.) A musical interlude here occurred. Sir W. C. F. Robinson then said it devolved upon him to propose the most important toast of the evening, namely, Success to the Society of Musicians of 'Australasia. To the company he needed not to say anything to commend the society for ? sympathy and warm support. He felt sure the public would recognise the obliga tions which tho society would cast upon them, in view of the 'good work which the sooiety had set itself to do. - It would of course be idle to pretend ignorance of tho fact that there were a few musicians in Melbourne who were dissatisfied with the society, and who had not joined it. All lie needo.l to say on this point was that membership of the association was essentially , optional, and that while it ' might be assumed that those who were admitted as members were qualified as musicians for membership'; it did not in the least follow that some who held aloof wore not musicians also, - and for his part he sincerely hoped that the society, - which had made so good a start, might so establish itself in public favor as to attract to it all members of tho delightful profession which' it/was its aim to serve. There was no profession and ho art that was more deserving of the heartfelt supiiori of tho community than this sooioty. He wished the society God speed, and triiRted it would do its work in keeping with the noble interests that it represented. . ? Tho President, in .reply, thanked tho Acting Governor for tho manner in which ho had pro posed tho toast. Tho society had caused, its direotora and founders a great deal of anxiety. Some little ill feeling had been manifested out nide, which they hoped would soon disappear. Those ladies and gentlemen who were still out side the sooiety need have no fear of the direc tors insubmitting themselves toolection, through that supposed ghost, the one vote. Election was made by tho members of the society, and not by the directors.' They and ' tho ; founders of ? tho society wore morely there to save tho constitution, from being altored, and to seo that tho sooiety's money was not spent for any other purpose than that for which it was originally intended. He thanked bin Excollenoy for tho toast on bohalf of the society, and hoped it would have long life and prosperity. (Hear, hear.) '?' ?? ? Mr. Julius Herz proposed Our Patrons and Vice-Patrons. Messrs. E.' M. James, Mason, M.L.A., ami Lovien, M.L.A., responded. During the evening a number of vocal and instrumental selections were given by several artistes, including Messrs. Hamilton Clarke, Herz, Linden and Theo.- Liebe, Madame Tasca and Madame Bentami, and Mr. Armes Beau mont. ? After the banquet the company inspected the society's now room, placed, at their service by Mr. Glen.' .'General satisfaction was expressed, with its situation, size and furnishing. Mr. Glen then formally handed over the apartment to the service of . the society, and Sir William Robin son, in felicitous terms, accepted the concession, and thanked the firm for their consideration in giving the society an abiding place. 