A FREE MARKET • t The literal meaning of the word ** Fair," ID its — ^ j words, a"fair , 'meansanuuketa± whichallai>aevcryn»ay purchase " or not without -bebtt subjected to fee or tax, ajid also -where all ami every can aell withont way such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the lairs in J&iglaxid; wsxe great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and tbe qnicker too commxoacatiaa which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died ont, a matter perhaps for regret, ia some rsspects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national fe. Here in Australia fairs are unknown, TnilfriL very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. life a oatHO dm and lethargic as in Europe, una business la Sane with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in tbe old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as weQ as the awakened eacsgies sad nsteDigeace of the last half century, life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still'too duct far slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is •ought in all directions to do as much in an hour aa 100 years ago was accoouiUsbed in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel, If we ire at bighex pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could Possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundredfold greater, and is more equally distributed in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people,by the way, wbocre of wrnflfti sapless constitution to that of Lord Maimers who wrote:— ** Letedeore, Ipammg,nj+m lyu^m^iif flf^ But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays haye money to spend, and as ednca- PflB ftn^ ^ higluw spend i£ wisely, i For and Stoon's, of Ada street, CoOingwooa; Stwiiigiiig Into tTisfance, whose purpose it it to Supply to a well-to-do population, the coudo(ta,the necessaries, tbe elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to mate a correction. "We lam said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We axe wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy toon, are) conducting a gigaatie Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore qn good." Any theatrical manager who may trappen past Messs. Par and Gibson's great shops during^ the day jimst, indeed, have a large and generous mind if ie forbear from amah of envy as be notes the throng nod press of people znto and cntafttote places. All moved by the one impulse—an eager desire to avail themaelres of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to parchasers Arrrfnjr tbeir gxest Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure ta reflect that at least 90 per cent, of time crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this ftir. The young wife who has become possessed of one of thoBe elegant mantles, of which such numbers cf surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will h&Te; a mreeter temper and more contented spirit them has hitherto ruled bar. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Broads cajpeta at 4e.ed. per yard -will feel a greater pride than ever ia her home. She country gentiemaa who ha* purchased his suites of furniture far the ta which he shall presently conduct hie bride, is filled with a sense of importance and le^mibQi^, to which hiiierta, during- his shiftless slovenly bochdor days, he has been aa utter stranger. In a word, it m impossaile for a reflecting observer to took on [at the eewwIeBB influx and ont-flar of visitors to this show to be insensible to tbe circumstance tbat these fairs aerve a higher purpoee than perhaps ever entered into the nlrnta tioos of the originataia themselves. We do not sappase that Means. Foyjuid Gibson, when eaateXBpiating TF the establishment of these fairs, took into T reckoning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. Bat as a rule moral good follows upon all baootmthle terjriae, and Means. Foy and Gibaon whea flxy zeetontheir proflte, may, if they piesae, add to them, the important, though intangible balaiwe of an increaaedpppuIarcootentzoeDt. ®bere is another lesSoittoleaZn&cHiifheae; fairs, a&X; that ia, that in the bands of capable men, no aflatn, borwsvesr intricate er complicated, axe beyond fie iofinence of method. Tim rales by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the lawm of the Medea and Bendana. A fixed of long experience—md large periewse, controls eray detail of the business, so that natters go an like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of fi^ steaiaengiae. Borne idea way be fotraedby those who bave neresr visited fey and Gibson's ptemiaea of their ne when we inform them that the frontage wrfa^ 220ft to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. like great dhow zooms, fB*i villi the tuQies^ of feminxoe «wimt axe aaaum apartments. We wonder 3E ghosts of departed belles assemble bereo'nights aafl, amidst dainty slks and velvets, and Uces, and other bewildering mn&tens;, taste again some slight Savour of the deligttp which twee moved tbem in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespeare? authority that there are more things In hcayen and earth than an dreamt of ia onr philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghostsif departed fair east do revisit these aaenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial thxoug at For and Gibson's Ado. People ladiea In fftrgralai who want a near am—tii ii, oogbt to spend >zt boor <x tvost Poy and eawriaPair; and if tbv.fa*i&k; taektoMt l—rfaoewh+hMbAfMspgw aay fa that «>er l |n^'**lSfr . blasg sad flared out, Pcraw&yoosls; ttgra fetafc wae reaotce^aUiiil Uiiiim ' 