THE STORY-TELLER. THE ROMANCE OF AN IN SURANCE OFFICE. Being Passages in the Experience of Mr. Augustus William Webber, formerly General Manager to the Universal Insurance Company. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. BY J. MARSDEN SUTCLIFFE THE MYSTERY AT CLUMP COTTAGE. I. Travellers by road between Oxford and London have often been heard to say that there ate few prettier towns in the eonth of England, and none more romantio, than the anoient and pioturesque borough of Blas borough, -, Biaaborongh stands on the banks of the Thames. The impression, that it la variably leaves on the mind of the visitor who sees it for the first time, is that of its striking re semblance to an old Flemish town. Its long and roomy, thongh somewhat tortuous Sigh street, flanked on both sides by rows of onrious-looking shops, with quaint gables, interspersed with still more onrious-looking residences, many of them ivy-grown; its venerable Guildhall, standing in the oentre of the spaolone street, with high-pitched roofs ana dormer windows,.surmounted with four .glittering vanes, fixed.pn slender iron shafts, one at each ooraer, and a riohly em bellished medieval cross, with old-fashioned climbing crests immediately in front of the hall, look as if every detail bad been copied from some old Flemish pioture. At either end of the principal etreet there is a Churoh, whose lofty embattled towers Beem as if they had been bnilt as watohful sentinels to keep Ruard over the ingress and egress, east and west. The town remains very mnoh as it was in the days of the Tadors, when its mala -portions were bailt. As seen from the river, whiah rnas strictly parallel to it and here attains ,'to one of its noblest rencoes, Bisnborough loses nothing of its peculiar charm. It the visitor happens to be rowing or putting, or, better still, if he happens to be fishing from the opposite bank, he will see the whole town mapped ont before him, bending from right to left with the slightest imaginable curve. All the houses are red-tiled, and the gardens on the south side ran down to the river, whore glassy surface reheats as in a mirror the shades oast by tall elms and huge chestnuts, with here and there a graoeful biroh and drooping willow, whiah grow at irregular intervals on either bank. . Beyond the town the eye rests on a lovely Iandaoape of spreading meadows, green and fertile, picked ont with many a fair woodland bit, running np to a fringe of low-lying bills, oleaily defined against the sky-line wnioh fills in the background of a perfect pioture of still, oountry life. Xbe highest of the biua (wbfob are not j more than five miles am;), whose anmrnit ia j covered with a thiok growth of laroh and j Scotch fire, forma a notable landmark for i miles round, and la known in the looality aa Five Mile Clump—in alloaion to ita estimated distance from Biesborongh. It ia said that from tbia hill the grey walla of Windsor Castle, with ita matBive oentre-keep, and the ' splendid Gothic pile of Eton, can be seen dis tinctly on a olear day. Bat with this we have nothing to do. The' scene of our etory lieB fonr miles ont, on the way to Five Mile Clamp. ' The old oo&oh; road as it leaves Bias* borough strikes out straight for the ridge of hills jnat mentioned, and finally diaappeare over one of the lower oreata. A few hundred yards before the aaoent begins, the road aweepa past Clump Cottage. Between Eiaa borongh and Clamp Cottage there are no signs oi human habitation except an oooa sional farmstead, standing in the midst of riah grass lands, with now and again a patch of arable breaking in noon the emerald enamel, A lonelier situation whereon to bnild a house, despite its proximity to the highway; could scarcely have been ohoaen by a recluse. When it was built, Clamp Cottage was a substantial and attraotive-looking villa resi dence, standing in the midst of a luxurious pieoeoi park land ot some twenty-two aoreB —a house whioh entirely belied its mo'dest name. There are no ehrubs growing above the low oak paling, and there is nothing to obstruct tbe view from the road. The former owner knew that he had nothing to fear from the prying of two carious neigh bours, for neighbours ho had none; as for the chanae wayfarers, they were too few to exoite any dread of being overlooked. A broad and perfectly straight carriage drive, entered by handsome iron gates (there was no lodge), and trimly kept, led to the house, leaving the front, and the stables whioh lay to the right, exposed to view. .An impor tant particular, as will appear hereafter. The house stood on an irregular piece of land. There was little depth behind, the land lying principally to the right ana left. That to the lett baa been little outaroea, [beyond the removal of some old fenoes and the planting of a large number of frait-trees, giving to that side an appearance of half meadow and half orchard. The land, on the right had been brought into cultivation by a free nee of the ploogh and the spade, and converted into an extensive kitchen garden, with forcing-boneea and conservatories. Such was Clomp Cottage when bnilt, and down to the period of the events now to be deecrihed. This pleasant dwelling, however, presents h sadly altered appearance to-day. From the circumstances now to bs related, it has acquired an unenviable reputation as the scene of a foul and terrible orlme. Popular rumour asserts that the bouse is haunted, but that may be dismissed at once as "just the olash o' the country." ' Given a hones situated in a lonely situa tion ss the scene of a dreadful tragedy which long baffled all efforts to unravel, and the superstition of a country-side as yet unpene * J oh, and trated by the modern spirit of research,, all the materials reqnired wherewith to oon •trnot a thrilling ghost-story are supplied. The simple facte are, that after the details of the crime had been brought to light, the dark memories whioh ever after olang to it, feting in combination with the retired situa tion, proved sufficiently repressive to deter intending tenants from taking possession. It was consequently abandoned to negleot and deoBy until everything except the bare walls fell into rain, leaving, it to wear the dtterly drear and fgrlom aspeot it wears to-day. i Thirty years ago an advertisement In a country newspaper announcing what auc tioneers are wont. to oall " an eligible ilece 'of bail ding land for Bale" met be . eye of Mr. Kenneth - Eraser, attorney-at-law, as he sat in his rooms ip. Finsbnry Circus. It was described as i forced sale, ,ln eonsequenoe of the in ten Ion of its owner (a small freeholder who ould neither live deoently nor starve on the tind) having deoided to seek fresh pastures end a 'more rapid way to fortune in the colo nies, ~Mr. Kenneth"Fra8er,who had bean medi tating a retirement from practice, and whp knew the neighbourhood well, came to toe oonolnsion that ha might do worse than pub the remainder of his days in. a a pot woiah teemed as it made'to aglree with Mb quiet tastes, especially a* be thonght that the i»od might be bad cheap. The price proved. ep low at to offer an irresistible bait, and in the long ran he became the pnrohaser of the little - farm, and having given orders for the imme diate demolition of the low atraw-thatched farmhouse, proceeded nest to the erection of Clamp Cottage on its site,' Hither Mr. Ken neth transferred his belongings, which in olnded a rare and oboioe collection of old books, and here he Bettled down to the enjoy ment of hie Elzevirs and the paraait of borticnltnre, of which he was passionately fond. How, at lost, be was happy. There was, however, one "fly in bis pot of ointment." His only surviving relative, Fred Gameron, the son of his widowed sister, who had bean born under his roof and brought up by his nncle after the death of his mother, refnsed, when the time oame for a deoision, to fellow bis nnole's profession. This was a heavy blow to the old man, who had continued to follow hie avooations beyond the time that pleasure or interest dictated, solely with the view of his nephew sncceeding him in one of the most Inoratlre connections in the oity, Inoluding the rioh perqutite of legal adviser to the Universal. For ten yeare of his life Mr. Kenneth Fraser had simply been aoting'aa a warming pan for his nephew. It annoyed him to think of his wasted years, and he was still .more exasperated that Fred should throw aside euah a golden opportunity. But he was still more provoked at Fred's own oboice of a oalling. For Fred had ohosen to be an artist, and although' Mr, Fraser was much too highly cultured not to hold art as a product in the highest estimation; he held the prodnoera in sovereign contempt. He was himself a man of the greatest regularity in hiB habits, and of a oorreot, if not stately, deportment; and the Bobemianism affected by moat art students offended his sense of the fitness of things. It was not nnnatnral, perhaps, that when he condescended to employ terms of severe opprobrium in his efn/iknMi am tha " nainMnw tsikn " kUnf USa strictures on the " painting tribe," that his nephew should fire up and retort angrily with soma not very well ohosen remarks on the' noble profession of the law, in which allusions to pettifogging attorneys found too - conspicuous a plaoe. This was an insult which Mr. Kenneth Fraser was the last man to brook. His Sootoh blood tingled in hie veins under the gibe, and a bitter quarrel ensued, which ended in young Cameron quitting his uncle's roof the same night, with a threat of disinheritance ringing inlhis ears. A small legaoy bequeathed to Him by his mother was sufficient for his wants whilst pursuing his art studies, Bat long nefore the young artist hod psinted his first pioture Clump Cottage was built and ocoupied. Whether Mr. Kenneth Fraser found his life a little more dnll than 1 he had bargained for, or whether his heart began to yearn over the only living represen tative of hie race is not known, since he never dropped any hint on the bobject. Certain it is that before the reoluse had completed his first year's residenoe in his new home Fred received and.aooepted a pressing invitation to visit his uncle. From that time his visits were fceqnent, and Mr. Fraser began to take a keen interest in Fred's pursuits, even to the extent of beoomlog a purchaser for extrava gant earns of the earliest of Cameron's crude and immature work. Fred protested that it was sheer robbery to take his naole'e money for.snch daubs; but Mr. Fraser, who was no mean judge, saw olearly enough that the lad had talent, if indeed the stronger term " genius" might not be employed, and Fred was compelled to take his uncle's cheques. Alas, it was fated that the good under standing whiobhad grown np between them should reoeive another cheok, with reeulis tragical and fatal to Mr. Fraser. On the occasion of one of Cameron's visits to Clump Cottage, when nnole and nephew were dining tete-a-tete, the eame evening of Fred'e arrival, the latter suddenly blurted out, " Uncle, I am going to be married," " Money, I presume," Mr. Fraser replied laconioally, slightly arohing hie eyebrows, whilst a droll smile lurked round the oornera of hie mouth. " Well, no; there fs no money in the oase," Fred said. "What made you suppose I should look after the dollars?" " Beoause I never knew a yonng painter chap make a living out of art, until after many weary yean of work and waiting; and yon affect' high art' I believe, which is only another word for the art which keeps a man low down in the world, and gives him plenty of time to enjoy the luxury of empty pockets. "Yon are wrong on both points, Uncle," Fred cried, gaily. " I am getting on famously. My piotures sell well, and Mary Banner will have little more than the olothes she standB in." " JLoat abe certainly will not, it abe be tbe daughter of John Harmer, who ii clerk to Braoegirdle and Hamlyn," Mr, Fraaer said impressively. Fred, who waa not alow to interpret his; uncle's moode, felt aa if he waa piloting hla barque through atrange ourrenta, whoae ahallowa were unknown to hi>n. It waa plain enough to be eeeii that Mr. Harmer waa not in very good odour at Clump Cottage, though why that waa ao, Fred waa at a loaa to conceive. But vow that he had broken the ice he waa bent on having the matter ont. 80 be continued after a pause '*1 wae not aware that you knew Mr. Harmer." "That I can quite believe," the lawyer replied grimly. " John Harmer would not be very likely to mention Kenneth Fraaer'e name to Kenneth Fraser'a nephew. Do yon happen to have made any enquiry into John Rarmer'a anteoedenta ? It would be a natural course to take before deoiding to ally your self with hla family," " Well, no, I cannot say that I have," said Fred, beginning to grow a little nettled by hie unole'a sarcasm, which waa more evident in hia caustic tons than in his language—" I believe he has been nnfortnnate." "Unfortunate, eb !—gad?" Mr. Fraaer said with a ohuekle. "'Unfortunate,' you oall it? When a man has been posted a defaulter to the tune of thirty thousand pounds, and owea it to my meroy that hB did not stand behind a criminal dock, you say he has been unfortunate 1 I think he bas been deuoedly iuoky to escape transportation and that I am the unfortunate. 8uoh ia at least my opinion. Master Freddy. And now pass the olaret." " Is this really true, unole?" asked Fred in a maze as he passed the wine, "la what true ? Sinoe when have I begun - to tell wbat is not true ? You oan have the foots if you wish—they are in a very small compass." ! "John Harmer waa once my friend. I trotted him, helped him on; lent him money at hia need. How did he pay itae baok? Listen. He came to me one day, aaying that he waa in urgent need of five thousand pounds. Within a week he deolared I should nave the money returned, and with it other five thousand ) oinda ia whioh he wu already indebted to me. lie told mo a plausible tale,; and 1 gave him wbat he wanted. The week oame loan end, and John Harmer'a name waa posted on the btock Ezobauge a'a a .defaulter. Hie Uabili ties in all were about forty thousand. When, hia affairs «ame to be' looked into, it tdrued put. that the whole ten thoueand be had ob tained froiu me were got out of me by fraudu lent representations. I felt I could not pro secute the man who had eaten my .bread, and at whose table I had often eat. Old-fashioned notions of hospitality restrained me from that, but X could not forgive the deoeption, and I never will. Since then the name of Harihethas been tabooed with me, and salt must remain." "This is painful In every way. Uncle," Fred said, when Mr. Eraser tod finished bis story. "Ioonfeaslhad not euapeoted this; Still, it is not right that the innooent should suffer for the guilty." " Ain't the innooent Buffering for the guilty every day of your life, Freddy f" "That may be, Uncle, but oironmatanoes alter bases. Am I, for iuatauoe, to break Mary Harmer'a heart because bar father has been a scoundrel ?" " You will do as you please about that, Fred,", the lawyer replied, with growing hardiness in hia tone, "'We had better have a clear understanding. You moat choose between Miss Harmer and me. We have only had one disagreement. I only refer to it now tp aay that I hope we may never have another, and to remind you that I then made a threat whieh I did not mean to keep. Bat uow. yoa must break through this entangle ment—made in ignoranoe of the faota—or I will never willingly look on your faoe again, " . And so the subject was dropped for the moment, Fred moodily drinking hia wine and turning sever in his mind the oruel dilemma in which , bis unole'a derision had placed him. To do Mm justioe, he was not the sort of man to wait for " dead men's shoes," and his unole'a wealth, wMoh was considerable, ooou pied the lowest plaoe in hia consideration. He was sincerely attached to hia uncle, and as be had been just reminded, there had only been one quarrel between them, and the pain to both whilst the estrangement lasted bad been too greet for him to contemplate the prospect of a final rupture without something ilk agony wringing his heart. His heart wee generous end affectionate, though hia temper, like hia uncle's, wee somewhat hasty i but he bad all the high ohlvalroue instincts of the true artist, wbfoh led him to despise what be held to be the stupid prejudices of ft narrow, social oode. IE was preoiBei; nere wnere ine uanger 10 tbe continuance of hi* relationship wltn his nnole lay. Uaty Harmer was a tweet lovable woman, and when Cameron fell in lore with her it waa with one of thoae oonsumlng puaiona whioh brooks no impediment being Slaoed in the way of realizing its aweet love ream, flie senee of jnatioe, moreover, waa revolted at the ediot which decreed that Mary Harmer should Buffer for her father's tin. If abe had not spoken to him of the eeoret of her father's disgrace, it waa beeauae the had not known it. it had been buried in eilenoe, aa anoh things are beat buried, for the sake of those innocent yoong lives whose peace of - mind would be wrecked for ever did no veil ever fall to hide the memory of past shame, Cameron knew that the shame had been kept from Mary's knowledge. He had such entire confidence in the perfect loyalty and truth fulness of her love that he knew she wonld never willingly permit him to ally himself with disgrace. Wae he to be the one to tell her thie shameful seoret, whioh had been withheld from her knowledge with snoh jealous care ? He felt that he could not do it. There remained a faint chance that hia nnole might yet be won over. The next evening when nnole and nephew were sitting In the library Fred brought down his portfolio and began to show Mr. Fraser the natnre of the subjects he waa working at, The two fell into talk, and Mr. Fraser'a delight was so evident over the increasing eigne of hiB nephew's ability that Fred thought he might persuade the old man into relenting. " Who is this ?" Mr. Fraser said, after they had been examining tbe drawinge for some time, alluding to the piotnre he was then holding In hia hand. It was a little water-colonrsketob of a fair, fresh English faoe, with a forehead of great capability, shaded by orlsp brown hair, and soft dreamy eyea looking out from a huge sun bonnet wreathed with a garland of natural flowers, " I do not think I ever Baw a more beauti fnl faoe," Mr. Fraaer went on, wlthont waiting for Fred's reply. Uameronwas in trntn in no nnrry so repiy, i for on the next few mlnntea great issues hung. He joined with his nnole in praise of the girl'a beauty, apoke of her ae an image of trntta and innooenoe, and avowed that he had J not done half jnetioe to the exquisite faoa, bnt promised that when next he oame down he would bring with him a finished picture of what was meant to be no more than the rough eketoh nntil he contrived to inoculate Mr. Fraeer with something of Mb own enthn | Biaem. " But all this time yon do not tell me the name of this paragon," Mr. Fraeer said, managing at last to interjects question. "That ia Mary. Harmer, sir," Fred ex claimed in a low tone, whilat the hot blood ' rushed to hie faoe. Mr. Fraeer drew back, and then with tightly compressed lips replied, as he re elaced the eketoh in the portfolio, "1 might ave guessed ae mnoh. You have taken me off my guard by a kind of trick; but I reoail nothing of what I said last night Ho not epeak of it again." And Fred, seeing that his nnole was obdurate, bowed a stiff assent, and the pro hibited topio waa not again referred to. A few month* later, Fred and Mary Harmer were married, and Mr, Fraser was duly in formed of the event by hie nephew. . Cameron's letter was a manly, outspoken ntterance. He told his nnole that though he knew that he had disobeyed hie' wishes in the step he had taken, be had acted on the but counsel whioh hi* judgment and obnsoienoe afforded in a case of divided affection and duty. He oould only trust to the inffueuoe of 'time to soften his ancle's opinion, and bring him to believe that in flying in the faoe of hta wishes, he had not rushed upon nndnti fulness with a light'or wilful heart. It hie nnole would always refuse to look dn the step he had taken with favour, he begged - him to'believe that he would accept the var diet with pain, and continue to oheriAi the most grateful and affectionate remembrance. of his ptst kindness. There was a pathetio ring in Cameron's pleading whioh might havo touched a harder heart than Kenneth Fruer'a. It, however, failed of its effect The next post brought a . reply without formal addreu or signature, It ran as follows "You have taken your own course, and I have this day taken mine. Yon' may be in-, terested to knowing the contents of the will I have just signed. I have left sundry sums to charities. The rest is divided between my iaithmlservants, John Forbary and De borah Wnfc"/' ; And to two years, passed by, bringing ub to the sear when Mr. Kenneth Fraaer was treacherously murdered. No eommoniaatlon bad pissed in the inter val between FridiCameron and bie uncle. One morning late in'May Mr. Fraaer wan standing athlsgate, when the iupkless Fred passed .by.' The unexpected meeting dis armed the old lawyer,-whost wrath bad had time to cool, probably, it wan nothing more than old-habit reasserting itseli whioh led Mr. Fraier to stretch' but bis hand instinc tively in kindly greeting. Anyhow the thing was done before he baa time to think about it, and Mr. Fraser was not. the man to draw back and confess hehad made a mistake. The next moment Fred Twas' explaining that be bad aooepted a commission topains some landscapes 'for a.distioguiibad patron who bads elected- Rlssborough 'and'ikt neighbour hood '.as the soeneof Fred'sartlitio exploits. Tbe.enbjeota bad, been left to hie. own oboioe, and hei was on his way " proapeetlng." fiis uncle took it as a matter ofooarse that Fred would make damp Cottage bin head quarters, and for the month which Fred's stay lasted no reference' was made to' the subjeot oi the quarrel. Mr, Kenneth made no-allusion to, Fred's mar riage ; and -Cameron, thinking that if his •' uncle were allowed to take hisown tithe 'old affeotion would jprobablyend in reasserting itself, diplomatically refraineid from men tioning Ms wife's name. ■ The morning came when Fred had com pleted his sketches and when he made ready to return to town, fie had sept in.his. t|»pa the night before to Blssborbugh, and pro posed to walk over, deollning his unalo'fl offer that Forbary should drive him. At'the last moment Mr. Kenneth.proposed that Forbary'should drive them both bo Hiss borough, alleging thsths hid some business there wnidh ne would like to get through while Jt wee on his mind, and that If Fred abandoned (his intention of walking it would give him a little more of hie nephew's com pany, Fred of oourse assented to the proposal. . As they drove towards Bissborough Mr. Fraser broke silence by aaylng " 1 have dis inherited you, Frtrd." "Yes,"Fired answered; "you told me so, If you remember. But 1 ears most for your afieotion, uncle. If yon a an give me a little of that you must do as you please in other respecte." "I pleats to hove that matter put right without delay. Mind yon that, Matter Freddy. It must be pat right before yon leave Ritiborongh, There U no knowing what may happen. Did eome previiion of the impending tragedy oroM hit mind? Had the adit of eeoond right oome to thii old Sootohmah, and did he foreaee that hit eyet woold never behold the light of another enn ; that before midnight be wonld be lring atark and stiff, ornelly done to death i Whooan tell? Tbey drove into the qnaint old Hfgh-etreet at Riasboro'ngh to Mr. Vellum's office. Here Fred remained in the little fonr-wheel whllat bit nnole went within. Mr. FYater pro longed hit vialt to the Biuhoroagh lawyer until it wat too late for Fred to leave by the train he had appointed, and there wee not another for three bourt, Mr. Frame? derided to eend Fprbury baok without waiting for him, intending to walk back after Fred's train had left. Meanwhile tmele and nephew adjourned to the Phoenix, Here Fred wan tbown the will whioh hie nnole had that morning exeonted. " Vellum wanted me to have it properly -engrossed," Mr. Fraser said, " bat the par ticulars are eo few and simple that I insisted npon having it done at onoe on a sbeet of brief uayou see. Ii be lilcea to make a job of it afterwards he oan do So, bat antil he doee this will serve every pnrpoee, and it makeB yon right, Freddy, Read it, my lad." And so eaying Mr. Fraser thrust tne will into Fred'a hand. The terms of this new will, as Mr. FraBer remarked, were few and simple, bat straight to the point, aa Fred soon peroeived. After revoking all previous wills it appointed that snoh servants as might be in the testator's employment at the time of his decease, being of adnlt age, should reoslve a legaoy of £50 eaoh and three years' wages. The rest of the property, real and personal, was bequeathed to " my dear nephew and only surviving re lative, Frederick Maloolm Cameron, of Maida Vale, London." Fred was appoints! sole exeontor. " Unole, this la very generous of yon," he exolalmed warmly, " It Is • heaping ooals of fire on my head* indeed." And he retained tbedooament to his unole. "'Coals of fire' do yon oall it, Freddy I That is making too mnon. of oar little diffe rences. I don't think you ever meant to vex me, lad." _ "Indeed, I never aid," retnrnea Frets heartily.'* Yon cannot believe what a trouble onr estrangement has been to me daring the past few months. When we had onr little tiff before I did not ao much mind, for I waa young and foolish then, and I did not expect it wonld last. Bat when I offended yon the second time I thought, somehow, yon meant it." " Yea, yea," said Mr, TVaser," I was a testy old fool, and did mean it—for a time at least. Bat 1 soon repented, and then—Freddy, yon. must forgive your old nngle—I waa too proud to write and say »V . "God bleas yon, JQnole," and Cameron wrung Mr. Fraser'a Mpd, whilst the tears, stood in the old mania eyes and began to. triokle down his cheeks. ' The tears were soon standing in Fred'a own eyes. " You will oome and see me again-. Freddy!" "Xhat I will." "And soon?" " Yes, soon." " And, Freddy, you'll bring your wife with you, John Harmer'e daughter, 1 mean." "Uncle Kenneth', this is best of all. £ know you will love her; nobody oould help. loving .my Mary," and the. young artist again seised his unole'a hand and shook it heartily, whilst the tears rnahsd into his eyeB. " I know I shall," the lawyer replied in broken tones, "I ahall love her for your sake, Freddy, and I hops a little for her own. .You will bring her down tome me,.' mind, ataoon as-ypn can get away again," "ThatI will." . "And here Freddy, on seoond thongbts, . this had better be £n yonr. keeping than' ' mine," drawing forth the will from the', popket in which' he had replaced-It! after Fred had returned It,. "It is, indeed''my laiit will'and testament.' There.lamp fear that I ahall ever make another. ' Yqn are the principal person interested inc Its 'con tents, and you will have to prove it after my death." • "Which I pray may not be for many,, many years Ao oome," Fred replied. ■ "The wish is dutiful, audi thank, yon fpr it, for-T knotr It b sincerely meant. There isn't a mercenary thought in yon. Freddy." " Except about my pictures," theyoungmsn answered gaily. They lingered for some time lorger—lingered In fact until Cameron mined the mid day train. There was not another train nntil the evening, and Fred would not content that hie nnole ehonld remain in Riss boroughas the old man wished. At last a compromise was arrived at. They agreed to have early lnnoh at the Phoenix, and Fred wonld then walk ont -with hie nnole part of the way to Clnmp Cottage and return to the Phoenix to dine before taking the journey to town. Two daya later Fred Cameron waa eitting in hie stndio adjoining his house in the hew district of Maida Vale when a visitor wm announced. "ftame of Jorsins. air, said the new comer, treading closely on the heels ol the servant, before the domestio had time to announce his preaenoe. "Thename is quite new to me," Fred languidly replied, looking np from his easel. "I dare aay, air," Sir. Jorklns replied, taking his seat in the darkest oorner of the atndio, where his own face -would be In shadow, whilst Fred Cameron's was in the light. - Scanning his face closely, as though to mark the effeot of the sentence that had oooupied muoh study, and with whleh he - in tended to burst on Cameron like a bomb shell, Mr. Jorkins went on, " I oome from Rissborough. I am Superin tendent of Polioe there. I hare oome to see what light you oan throw on this affair of your uuole's, Mr. Kenneth Fraser, who was murdered sometime on Tuesday last," Fred, who had-given a qaiok, nervous start when Risa bo rough was mentioned, turned pale when he heard the awful-tidings, and rising from his ohair strode towards the Superintendent of Polios with his hand pressed over his brow, and hie eves dilated with a feeling whioh the astute offioer todk to bopanlo fear. . " What is this you say 7" slowly broke from his lips. " My uncle murdered ?—murdered by whom?" " Yon have the deoeased gentleman's will, I believe," Mr. Jorkins said, ignoring Came ron's qnestion, and constrains his agitation as an infallible Bign of gu'Ut. 1 " Yea, I have it here,' be replied, pointing to a bureau that stood in one corner of the stndio. "Allow me to look at it." Fred, who had not yet recovered from the stunning shook of the tidings that Mr. Jorkinsbad brought, did not move from the position in which he was standing, until the offioer urged his demand in a more peremp tory tone. ; "I most see the will," he said. Cameron, ronsing himself at the sharpness in the officer's tone, contrived to pull him self together, and going to the bureau took out the will and handed it to Mr. Jorkins, who quickly made himself familiar with its oontents. " This will ieaveB you everything," he said, after a pause. ' Fred simply bowed byway of answer. " Yon ordered dinner for yourself at the Phoenix last Tuesday ?" " That is so." \- " Whioh yon did not reach the Phoenix in time to eat? Fred gazed curiously at the offioer, as if bewildered, and jret half- euspioious of the drift of this oateohism. "Yon arrived too late for it," the inexor able Jorkins went on, "and reached the Phoenix in time to pay for the dinner whioh you did not eat, and then had to hurry into the 'bus to catoh the last train to Pad dlngton." "Good heavens 1" cried Cameron, "do you mean to suggest that I murdered my uncle ? "I don't mean to suggest nothing," said Jorkins cautiously; " but perhaps you will be kind enough to explain how you passed yonr time from leaving the Photmx with the late' Mr. Eraser until you returned to it too late to eat the dinner you had ordered." "That is soon done. I walked out with my nnole, perhaps two miles or more, on his way home, when I left him by his own re quest. I turned aside to add a few more sketohes to my book of that bit of wood land on the left of the road—yon know it, I dare say?" " Yes; Kisely Wood, we oail it. There is a deep jpit there full of water in a disused quarry. "The same," answered Fred. "I spent some time there sketching, and then went farther afield. Here the sketches are—yon can see them if you like. I lost count of time until my attention was arrested by find ing the snn setting. I had to hnrry along then, and by dint of hud walking and a good deal of running I managed to reach the Phoenix just as the bus was about to leave for the railway station." Cameron was plied with many more ques tion's, principally relating to the plaoe where he had left his nnole, the terms on whiohthey had parted, his past relationships with Mr. Fraser, their old quarrels, and muoh other matter, some of it relevant, and much of it highly irrelevant. His explanations of the manner in whioh he came to be possessed of his uncle's will, though they might have satisfied an unbiassed nkina, failed to satisfy Mr. Jorkins, and at the close of his examination he stoutly de clared that Fred's answers were most unsatis factory, and that be must oonsider himself under arrest " Do you mean that I am to go with yon ?" Fred asked, with a blank face, expressive of mingled anger and despair. Well, I suppose that is about it," Mr. Jorkins answered. Yon will allow me to see my wife first ?" Cameron asked, in a tone full of anguish. "Inmy presence, certainly. I oan't let yon out of my sight." The same night Fred Cameron slept in the common gaol at Rissborough, on suspicion of tbe_ murder of his uncle, Kenneth Fraser; whilst Mary Cameron, who, against Fred's S rotests, had accompanied him to Rist orongb, was consulting with Mr. Vellum and deviBing means to efieot, if possible, her hhsband's release, and to establish his inno cence of the dreadful crime that Mr. Superin tendent Jorktnga was engaged in moving heaven and earth to bring home to the young artist. 