WiT AND WISDOM, First fishermau : " What luck f' Second fisherman : " None at all; can't get the cork out." There is no dispute managed without passion, and yet there is scarce a dispute worth a passion. " I , think watering . o wine is a O gross swindle. " So it is j but sanding sugar is a grocer swindle." " Say, mamma, ain't we made of dust?" "Yes, dear." "Well, why don't we get muddy when we drink ¥' " Don't you get tired of this donothing life f" " Yass, very ; but trade is vulgar and suicide is criminal. What can I do ?" Ted : " One of the museums advertises a Phantom Hen." Ned: "What does she do f" Ted: " Lays ghosts, I suppose." The scholar, without good breeding is a pedant; the philosopher, a cynic ; the soldier, a brute, and every man disagreeable. He (cautiously) : " W1 ist would you say, darling, if I should ask you to be jny wife f' Darling (even more cautiously): " Ask me and find out,'' People are commonly so employed in pointing out faults in those before them as to forget that some behind may at the same time be discanting on their own. To be happy the passion must be cheerful and gay, not gloomy and melancholy. A propensity to hope and joy^is real riches ; one to fear and sorrow, real poverty. Mrs Brown : ' 'Was it not sad about Mrs Smith, she died this morning while trying ou a new dress" Mrs Jones: " No, you don't say so; how rery dreadful; what was it trimmed with 1" The most censorious are generally the least judicious who, having nothing to recommend themselves, will be finding fault with others. No man envies the merit of another who has enough of his own. It is safer to affront some people than to oblige them ; for the better a man deserves, the worse they will speak of him ; as if the possessing of open hatred to the benefactors were an argument that may lie under no obligation. " I have noticed," remarked Dolley, that the w.-.aen who have the smallest feet possess also the most acute sense of humor." " I wonder why ?" replied Miss Amy, coyly pushing her foot forward a trifle. " Because brevity is the sole of wit." 