A C.4A1P-FIlE YA1.V. (By Florian, in the Mellbourne Argus.) IT was on the Mulligan (Queensland), in the early days, when the Myall blacks were pretty numerous and un commonly bloodthirsty, that my friend the drover, with whom I was campine, happened to be working on a large station, on one of the boundaries of which there lived a stocl;man and his mate, the cook. Now, as the run was about 1000 square miles in extent, you may undersctand that a but on the boundary would be in a rather isolated position, and I cannot think that the cook haid a merry time of it, for the stockman was usually away all day (and sometimes for several days at a timec beating back the cattle, poisoning wild dogs, &c.; Meantime his mate did the house-keeping, assisted by a coaple of gilns, bagged, I fancy, fromn a neighbouring tribe during a native police raid. One day, as old Bob was clearing up, the stockmenn being away on the run, one of the gins came into the hut, and intimated that she had something to say. It was froat her that all the details of the tragedy were afterwards gathered, and one can imagiue how she leanut against the door-post, ac is the manner of gins, smoking a short black pipe and speaking in the most casual and uninterested imnneor. " Say, Cookie," she said. Bob seems to have answered only with a growl-something halnd put his back up that morning-but she continued unmoved, " Mfine think it blackfellow come up bimebye, be longing to kill you." " My word," said old Ilob, with at glance at the double- barrel that always ining above his bunk, " if they come here I'll straighten 'eca up in a way that'll astonish 'em." " Mine think you pull away nows," went on the gin, meaning " I'd advise you to bolt." To do her justice, she seems to have been loyal to " Cookie," and to have done her best to save his life. But he was a pig headed and rash old fellow, " as plucky a beggar as you'd meet, but a God-forsaken fool," said the drover, describing him to me. So loaded his gun with buckshot, and awaited thie event, calmly pur suing his daily avocations of baking tough damper and boiling uninviting beef, disdaining to send the gin into the station for help. Still lie had anotlher chance. At daybreak next morning the gin rushed into the hut. " Yoea look out Cookie," she exclaimed, " mine see 'em all about; blackfelilow come up long it swamp." Bob seized his gunt and followed her out of the hbut. It stood, I should have told you. near the top of a high sandhtill, overlooking a wide iplatuu o no side, and on the other Ia stretch of swamp, covered by tall feathery reeds. Froein the hilltop Bob could see over the surrounding country. Not a breath of wind any where, net as sign of life-everything lay silent in the grey dawn. But the gin crouching beside him pointed to the reed-beds. While all else was still the reed tops swayed with a tremulous motion, as though some largo animal beneath were forcing its way through. "You make a light ?" (do you see ?j, she whispered. " Look here, Coolkie, supposin' mine fetch him up yarra man (horse), you pull away quick ?" " My oath ! " said poor plucky old Bob, " if them black thieves come up long a but I'll show 'em something I" "Baal, you pull away ?" she asked once more. " Boaal" (No!) said Bob, emphatically. "All right, mine clear out ;" and then she left him. Bob walked back alone to the hut. H1 could not believe I suppose, that the blacks would be game to attack him itn broad daylight now they had seen lie was prepared. I-IH was wrong. As he reached the door lie must have heard the long drawn, piercing yell that came from the edge of the swamp as with a rattle of spears the blacks bounded from their covert and rushed up the slope. lHe waited for them at the door of the hut, and as he raised his gun they hranuk back for anl instant, and huddled together. So said the gin, and it was thought afterwards that lie might have been saved even thou had lie fired both barrels at once into their midst. At such close quarters buckshot would have mndo a terrible hole in their ranks. 3But, with a mis taken idea of not uselessly shedding blood, lie fired twice over their heads, thinking to overawe them. The next niomenti the whole pack was on him, lacking with tomahawks, stabbing with spears, smashing him with nul lahs. Then they dragged the ghastly, mis shapen mass that had been old Bob into the hut, and waited for the stock anic. 'Iowards snLdown he camLe. There had been heavy rain lately, and the country was in a terribly boggy state. Horse and rider were nearly dead beat when they walked slowly up to the hut, the reins lying on the horse's neck, the man's feet hanging loose in the stirrups. Carelessly throwing his leg over the pommel of the saddle, he was just in the neact of dismounting, when something im pelled him to pause. lie himself, when questioned later, could give no explanation of his impulse, only as lie tersely put it, 11ie "felt sure some thing was up." It may have been the deathlike stillness hanging over the place, but it was always as quiet as that when old Bob happened to be away after a load of wood. It may have been ; but Lord, I am not likely to know what it was if he didn't himself. Still I have sometimes thought that men living adventurous lives develop a certain " flair" for dauger, which contrasts as much with ua townsman's slow apprehension as a wild dog's sense of smell does with that of t fait poodle. Anyway, the stockmau's instinct saved his skin this time. -Ie had barely kicked his foot into Iris stirrup again when the door of the hut flew open, and a shower of spears and boomerangs quivered and whistled round him. But, by tile tie the blacks were fairly out of the but, lee had his horse by thle head, and was round on his tracks, nmaking what p!ay he could over the' boggy ground. : er .im ,a, ,q 'h blac!; like wel es, e:.ey :t vn y thi' el of: a mighty close thife; of it. In fact, if one of the savages (meaning murder, but having poor luck) hadn't cut over the old nag behind with a boomerang it would have been all up with Bob's mate too. But boomerang produced such a burst of speed from the mare (who was tolor ably hardened to spurs) that she got well away from her pursuers, and, by dint of riding all night, and doing the last tenll miles on foot, the stockman reached the head station by morning. Of course, when he told his tale they all guessed pretty well what had been old Bob's fate, and " they were all downright mad, you bet," to quote the drover. For the old chap was no end of a favourite, though grumpy at times, like all cooks. The first step was to send a mes senger eighty miles for the native police, and then every man-jack on the place caught the first horse he could, loaded his pistols, and leaving the station to take care of itself, galloped headlong towards the boun dary but. My word, if they had got among those black devils then they would have wiped them out pretty completely. But ride in such furious haste as they might, the Myall blacks were too sharp to be caught. Whien the excited men and blown horses reached tile boundary, nothing was to be seen but the empty, looted hut, with a great bloodstain on the hard mud floor that old Bolb had scrubbed out last evening. " ily God, they've taken him away to eat him I" whispered a stockman hoarsely, and no one answered. Though it was never proved that the Mulligan blacks were cannibals, not a bushman was there who would have " put it beyond them." And indeed no other theory seemed to account for the disappear ance of tihe body. Nearly all day they hunted for some indication which might lead them to old Bob's grave, if he lhad one; but no marks were to be found of a body having been carried or dragged, and no earth was disturbed. And though there were some there who Could track a malking bullock If that bullock climbed a tree, to quote a local poet, they had to leave without having got the slightest clue. Next day they all returned with the black troopers, and the search began again. Same result. Trooper after trooper tried to pick up tihe tracks failed. Even Bungaree, the smart est hand, and, I may add, the most bloodthirsty in the whole force, was stumped, and, pending further measures, they lit their fire and had dinner. All this time a little yellow boy, a sort of body servant of the oflicers, had been creeping about on all fours with his face close to the ground, as though hunting by small. No one took any notice of him, though lie was a smart little tracker in his way, till suddenly lihe rose and and came over to tile fire. " 3ine think it white fellow sit down longa there Mahmi," he said to the officer. Of course, the whole crew were up like a shot and over to the place he pointed out; but when they found merely a bare patch of ground, with a few leaves and dead bushes on it, they began to think little Talpara had been " having the lone of them," and were going to " take it out of his hide," a practical form of repartee much in use in the back country. But tlhe boy wasn't to be put off. " My word" he said, "mine show you quick fellow." With his knife lihe began to dig. After he'd made a bit of a hole, lhe took a stick and stuck it into the ground. It went right down showing there was a hole below. Talpara scraped away with his hands, then suddenly thrust in his arm, and pulled up by the grizzled hair a head -streaked with blood, clogged with dirt, battered out of all shape. Poor old Bob I They none of them spoke for a bit, but I guess they looked wolfish. Thoenu Bob's mate stooped down and cut a lock of hair. " Now, by- I'll have a nigger's life for every hair here so help me ;" and if he didn't exactly keep his word, he wasn't so far off it when they came to settle up. Then the troopers got the body out of the holo-a natural cleft in the ground it appeared, made by underground drainage. The blacks must have found it too shallow for the whole body to stand upright in, so they had backed thle head off, jammed it down alongside, and then masked their tracks. Pretty 'cute of them wasn't it ? But they had reckoned without Talpara. Old IBob was re-buried in a more Christian manner, where his ghost (which no doubt is supposed to haunt tile spot) could look out over the read hods, which had swayed so curiously in toe hot and breathless dawn of the last duay he had ever seen ill life. Colonel J. T. North, who is known as " the Nitrate King " or " South American Monte Christo," continues to dazzle London by the magnificence of his entertaining, the cost of a fancy-dress ball which he recently gave being estimated at £15,000. And yet the Colonel (his title is now, and was acquired through his becoming the head of a volunteer regiment) was thirty years ago a workman in an agricultural implement factory in Leeds. He was sent to South America to put up machinery for his employers, obtained control of vast nitrate beds by government conces sion, and made his millions. An elegantly- dressed woman asked to be shown some silk for gowns, and made the unfortunate shopman hand down and unfold piece after piece without coming to any decision. Finally she concluded that she would prefer some patterns that she had first looked at, which involved the turning over of the entire pile and at last asked-" Are you quite sure sir that this style is worn ?" " It was madam," anuswered the shopman, wheu you came in, but after the period of time which has since elapsed I should not like to say for certain." Deof 'Forlty 'Ye:ats. --Thi description of Ia simpl remeedy, by which a complete cIur, of tda'fess anld oi:cs is the head of ionOTY vI:ma:S' :rTANDIS hias just sbeen elffcted, will be sent rI.II:: to anyoom who applies to J. Ie. NICHOLSON, 175 William- Street, .tMlbouire.-Amdvt. 0007. "' thl arse euorm cures uiado with D?r. Sou!:'s .At?ticasn Iop Butre thi?us all other medicilenes"-Advt. 1l61 