TOPICS OF THE DAY. A fortnight ago it was hoped by tha Ctis- toms authorities that tlio revenue for tho year would reach L2,808,870, or LI0.000 loss thanltho cstimato of L2. 008.282, but. unfortunately, theso hopes will not bo realised. Allowing L8000 for tho amount that will bo received to-day. a liberal esti mate, the financial yoar will close with tha receipts standing at 1.2,834,008, thus allowing a duficicncy of L03.024 on tho estimate. Tho departmental estimate was, it it under stood, only L2, 840,807 so that tho actual de ficiency is L1G.100 as against tho estimated rovenuo. For the yoar 1888-80, tho rccolpts were L3.002.003, that sum being L581,000 . ia axcess of tho estimate, or L258,085 more than tho present year's rocolpta. The falling off has occured entirely daring tho last four months, tho reocipts on let March being L47,000 In excess of the estimate, but siaoo then they have steadily dropped. Tho name ol Mr Gcorgo O Miln appeared in the list of insolvents , for examination in tlio Insolvency Court to-day. When Uio matter was called on, Mr P. D. Phillips, who appeared for the trustee, said Mr Miln was still away from tho coloiiy, and ho did not proposa to ask for a furthor adjournment; but If Mr Miln returned , he could thou ho examined. His Uouor said that.tho sum mons would be allowed to lapse, and a fresh summons would bo granted ii required. . Somo peculiar looking peoplo aro to ho seen in tlio City Court at times, and tlio tnanuer lu whiuh tho polico como across them is strongo uud amusing. But tlio story of how a man named Walter Hutloy. was < unearthed by a constable who had been boforo tho court to-day was funny to listen to. Soitio peoplo noar tho totmorie on tho Yarra bank, out Richmond way, hearing strango noises a night or two ago on ono of tho'swarapy pieces of ground adjoining, cautiously explored the neighborhood. They spied something, which one timid man pronounced to bo a ghost, which . seemed to vanish when pursued. However, it was decided to invoke tlio ' aid of tho - polico, mid a coustahlo lost night watched tho " ghost." Ho went to tho spot whoro ho disappeared, and bagged tho spoctra, which proved to. bo' a msn named Walter Rutley, 30 years old, and a well-known man "on tho swamp." lie was (jharged with vagrancy, arid is a strango. object, with matted and. curly looks, .and a wild and uudcr-donu eye., Ho has not bora known to do any work, and bears the' ropu- ration of beluga practical joker rauud about lUcbmoutL Ho was saut to gaul for 12 months. . The a tea tit hip Adelaide, from Adolaide. loft at 7.30 p.m. on Saturday, and arrived in Hobeon's Bay st 0 .m. this morning, Sho met with light N.W. and uorth wimls, and fino weather all tho Way. round. In asking for an adjournment of a case this morning at tho City Court, Mr M'Koon stated that a monopoly ; seemed to exist amongst several - barristers, and rofarrcQ . to tho . aotlon of some who took briefs, but though they did not attend to the cases, didnotraturn tho briefs In timo to enablo'those Instructing them to obtain other counsel. Ho believed that the matter was to bo. brought before Parlia ment with the , view of destroying suoh a monopoly.. , . Judging' by the great number of people who found thelr way down to the Albert Park beach yesterday afternoon Bcuconsfield Parade should ho ono' of the most popular resorts around tho metropolis during the summer months. Tho road and footpaths are now completed from Port Melbourne to Jit. Hilda, and driving and walking thereon ere likely to bo all the rago during tho warm days and evenings, especially on Sundays. Yesterday, tho weather was beautiful and tho parado was largely IHitronised. Most of tho peoplo went down >y tram, but the number of trams on tho line did not appear to bo sufficient, anil thero was some dissatisfaction. This will, no doubt, be rectified on futuro occasions when tho traffic is heavy, Br You!, City Cofoncr, has decided that It ia not necessary to cxhumo the body of the woman buried on tho 11th of January lost, and alleged to b that of tho wife of Edward Cragan, medical clairvoyant, of Nieholson street, Carlton. Cragau is now under re mand on a clinrgo of alleged 'false registra tion in connection with the death of his wife.t Mrs Luzzi, daughter of Mrs Cragan, had nn Interview with Ur Youl on Saturday night, and stated that her mother was pockmarked, Mr Apps, undertaker, and a man in his employ, states that the womnn they burled had ficr face marked by small-pox. l)r. Twccddale says nothing about the woman for whose death he gavoa certificate being marked with small-pox, but statin that she was a fresh- looking woman, with fair hair. Mrs Luzri is not satisfied that tlio womAn buried by Mr Apps was her mother, especially as her hair was dark, and turning grey. Br. Youl, however, is satis fied that the woman buried was Mrs Cragan, and behoves that decomposition would lie ao far advanced that no good end could be attained by exhuming the body. A fino of 10s, with 2s (Jd costs, was re corded against a buy named Walter Hurst at the District Court to-day. Ho is only eight years old, and was allowed to drive and have control of a horso and dray in the city, contrary to tlio statute. Thcro was no nppcaranco of tho defendant, but tho fine is to levied by distress. "I don't suppose lie lias any goods to levy on," said Mr Stutter, P.M.,;'wncii recording tho decision of tho Bonuu, "hut liitt father, or Iris master, who allowed him to endanger his own Iifo aud tho Uvea of other people, will, I nupposc, havo to pay It."' At tho North Mclbounie Court this morn ing, Dr Lloyd, tiie Chairman, expressed himself verystrongly as to tho behavior of those present in court, which lie threatened to clear. A lad named Koboet Budd was charged with insulting bohavlor. Tho prosecuting constable evinced some hesita tion iu giving his evidence, and tho break down of tho caso for the Crown was trailed by a loud laugh by tha crowd behind the Wrier. Dr Lloyd exclaimed that this was disgraceful conduct. The prisoner was charged with calliug out in tlio public street that bo " wished God would striko him dead aud if this was proved bo de served sovero punishment. And yet tbcrc were peoplo present who ap parently sympathised with this outrageous behavior, and lie could not understand it. These ill-conditioned youngsters asked the Supreme Being to strike them dead ; but if thoy wcro struck dumb society would gain by tbo silencing of tbeir filthy tongues. Mr M'Kcan Baid lie thought tiio audience wero only laughing at tlio manner in which tiie constablo was giving his evidence ; but Dr Lloyd refused to accept tills theory, and saiu tho laugh showed a sympathy with tho accused, BuJrt wus ovcntoally discharged. Dr C. J. Shields has been elected to the position ofsurguon to out-patients at the Melbourne Hospital in placo of Dr J, if. Webb, who has been appointed in-door sur geon. Dr Dalsh was also a candidate for tlio position, aud iho voting was very eloso Indeed. I)r Shields waa n distinguished student at tlio Molbourne University, and afterwards prococaed to Englsud, where lie passed a severe examination for the dcgrco of Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons. A caso of Illegal detention of morn than ordinary interest was heard in tho District Court this morning. A seaman named Lind- gross sued Mr Cohen, pawnbroker, of Russell stroet, for tho illegal detention of a gold watch. Lindgross, it appears, had a watch stolen from him in Sydney soino 18 months ago, and reported tlio matter to tho polico in tiiat city, and also iu Mel bourne, giving the number of tho watch. When ill Melbourne tlio othur day lie saw tho watch in Cohen's window aud imme diately recognised it. Ho brought a detective to tho place und the original report mado at tko Dotcctivo Office, describing the watch and giving tho number which corresponded with the number of that in tho pawnbroker's posB0BAiou,wfih produced, Cohen, however, ro- fused to give up tho watch, honco tho proceedings. In Court Mr Cohen, explained that he got tho watch from his brother, whs purchased itforL8at a pawnbroker's auction caio in Sydney. Au order was miulo for tiio rostitutten of tho watch within 14 days, Mr Cohen having- an opportunity in the mcarttimo of communicatiug with his brother with a view of gottiug tho L8 paid for tho watch returned. At 1! o'clock on Saturday, tho President of tho Law Institute of Victoria (Mr Wil liam Riggnll), ancompaniod by tho hou. J. 3avon Duffy and Mr William Lynch, in terviewed Mr Johnson Hicks, tho Clerk of Ratouts, Registrar of Trades Marks, etc., with a valedic tory address on his retirement from the service after thirty years' service. Tho nddrcss expressed on behalf of tho soli citors of Melbourne their sense of tho ability and coartesy nnd able assistance afforded by Mr .Hicks to tko legal profession, and tho deputation wished him many years of heal'h in his well-earned re tirement. Mr Hicks suitably acknowledged the recolpt of the address, and spoke in tho highest terms of his successor (Mr George Gordon M'Crao). Mr Thomaa Prouc Webb, tho Commissioner of Patents under tho now law, next thanked Mr Hicks, who is also the recipient of a highly appreciative letter of acknowledgement of services from the Attornoy-GonoraL Tho sudden death of Catherine Theresa Dodd, an infant, aged two mouths, tho off spring of parents living in Bpurko stroet, Footscray, was yesterday reported to tho local police. The fathor was absent from homo at Iho ; time. It' appoars that the mother retired .to rest on Saturday night with her baby apparently quite well. "When sho woke at 12.30 a.m. it was lying beside her dead, Tiie mother helloves that death resulted from convul sions, Au inquest will bo held this after noon. In view of tho remarks concerning tho Uok of Press accommodation on thu Foots cray Football Ground, which appeared iu our Fourth Edition on Saturday, it 1b only fair to stato tiiat later in tho aitor- hoon, Mr Williams, tlio sceretary ' of tbo club, who did his utmost under, advorso circumstances to assist tlio reporters throughout Iho game, informed our repre sentative tiiat a now Press-box, from which barrackcrs would bo rigidly excluded,, was to be erected as soou as possible. , A strong piokot fence is also being put up around thu ground. . This is quito as It should bo A' serious acciuont happened to-day at Flemiagton racecourso to Aroliibald Wood, 40 years of ago, who resides ia UignoUstreot, Fleiningtou, Wood was workTug at tho racecourso when ho fell from a ladder to tho ground, a dlstanco of 12 feet. : Ho sus tained a fractured kneecap, a cut head aud several abrasions about tho face. Wo"d was taken to . tho Molbourne Hospital and admitted to that institution by Dr Bncowoll. Threo steamers from foreign parts aro ox- nootod to reach Hobson's Bay thisoveuing.. They aro the Bancoora, Capt. Brown, from Calcutta, consigned to Messrs W. Siddeloy and Co.; Barman, from Hamburg, consigned to Messrs Jns. Service and Co., andrtho Bothwcll Castle, from Loudon, consigned to Messrs Gibbs, Bright and Co. . At a lato hour last evening a seaman belonging to tho British ship Garitold, nnmod Joseph Martin, was detected by tbo night- watchman at tbo Port -Molbourne railway piorgowgoshoro.with27 tins of sardines, valued at 13s,.: concealed undor his jumper. . Tbo accused was Lauded over to tho custody of Constable Warhurat, and at tho Part Melbourao Court this moraiog ho was charged with landing the goods without paying duty, and with intent to avoid pay- meut thereof. Tide-inspector: Hammond asked for a remand uutil Thursday, noxfc, which woe granted, bail being allowed in one suroty of L100. The medical students liavo eeery reason to be proud of their journal. Tho number of. " Tbo Speoulum" whloh appears to-day eolipsos all previous , Issues, A now departure .ia - .mado in' an r-' tistlo photograph , of Che. -Old Modloal School which gracoe the first page.- It is from the camera of Mr J. Brett. The read- ing matter is interesting, instructive nnd amusing. Tho offer of ten guineas by an anonymous - donor'' for tho .best article on soy subjoct kppoarlng in the Speculum during the year has brought to light much literary talent, and by tho timo tho competition is closed the task of tho judges Is not expected to bo altogether -nn onyiablo ono. The rctircmcut of Mr E. Al. Janice' is the subject of somo graceful, valedictory remarks. Tlio value of Professor Drum- mond'a Work among tho student Is also set forth in nn appreciative nroiole Tho brevities, personal nnd topical, are attrac tively compiled. Certain hitherto unpub lished incidents of the Governor's visit to the Imspital aro chronicled, nml every recont topic of interest in tho medical world is dcnlt with in prose and verse. Tlio ladles supply tho correspondence, and state their case at some length, Tho nuruhcr deserves n big circulation among studonts nnd quali fied mcu. At tiio Christian Church,. Cheltenham, ycstaiday morning special reference was mado to tho loss the community had sus tained in the death of tho hou, C. J. Jbnnor, nnd tho example he left behind was highly spoken of. Gront sympathy was also ex pressed towards the widow and children. The first of a series of concorcs was given in tho 1'rahran Town Halt on Friday butt, and was such an unqualified success that it it to bo repeated this ovening. We aro re quested to stato that unused tickets will be avnilablo to-night, nnd that tho proceeds will be for tlio benefit of thu City of Prah- ran .State Schools prixc fund. - The cantata, entitled The White Garland, with a shores of 2u0 voices, Is moit ably comlucted by Mr J. C. Rfiinic, instructor iu singing under tho denartmenhof Public Instruction, and in under tho patronage of hls'Kxccllcucy the Governor. Tlio Welsh arc noted for being a music- loving people, nnd tho cuuccrts tluit have been periodically eiven under tlio auspices of tho Cambrian Society of Victoria have ahvuys proved most enjoynblo. Souio timo ago it was reported in Tub Hf.uai.d tiiat the Cnmbriun Choral Society had been - formed. Freiu an advertise ment in another column ! it J . xvill bo seen tiiat tho society hitandR giving a concert at tho Athehuum Hall en Wednesday even ing noxt. The Society successfully competed at tho last Welsh Eisteddfod,' held on Queen's Birthday, nnd it is couduotcd by Mr J. Alawydd John (gold medals at Albert Hall, London, 1S87). On Wednesday even ing tiie Society will bo assisted by somo of thu leading artistes in Melbourne. There was a very pleasant, gathering on Saturday afternoon of the employes of the locdl branch of Messrs Cowan and Sons Lirnitc<f, of Edinburgh, the occasion bciug to wish good-bye to Mr T. A. IV. Moody, who had for many years bccu connected with the firm as principal town traveller, uud for a lime as manager. Mr Mqqdy received a surprise in tho shnpo of a -valuable gold watch and a numbor of volumes of poems handsomely bound iu morocco. Mr May- uard, in tfio absence ot Mr J. Cook, tho (,'oncrat manager, made tho presentation. Iu doing so, ho referred to tho high esteem in which Mr Moody was held by tho em ployes of the firm, all of whom fully appreciated the kindness with which lie had alwavs treated those of them with whom lie was brought hi contact, Mr Moody mode a feeling rcplv, and hi tha courso of his re marks said he was unconscious of anything ho had evor dono to merit such kindness from thoso witb whom he had been so long associated. Ife could not, ho said, never his connection with the firm without thanking them not only for tho tiandsumo presents they had given him, but for the unvarying courtesy and kindness ho had received from them all. Mr Moody's health was heartily drunk, and tho proceedings wcro terminated by iudWidual expressions of good will. Tho .Summer Hill Cricket Club held their second annual concert and presentation of trophies hi tlio Christ Cbnreli schoolroom on the 27th Juue, when a numerous audience attended. The proceedings opened with a concert. Thu recitations of Mkiscs Abrahams aud Turner wore beautifully given and they were loudly applauded. Air .Smith's comic sketch, entitled tho Irish Schoolmaster, was enthusiastically encored, while Miss Duu- lop's songs wero greatly admired. A very pleasant evening was spent by tiie employes of Messrs Sargood, Duller and Nielioi on Friday last, at tiie residence of the Hon. Hlr Frederick S&rcoad;, K.C.M O., Kippou Lea, Klatehiwick,,tho occasion being tho presentation to Mr Joseph Glrdlerof a portrait of himself, ns a momcnto of tiie pleasant relations whiuh |avu always existed between him nnd h!u friends. MrGirdior is severing his connection with the trade and is leaving tho colony, having decided to return to England in tho Urtnuz, sailing in Juty. Sir Frederick referred In eulogistic tones to tlio valuable assistance given by thu guest of tho evening during tho 33 years of Ids connection with tho firm, nnd spoke of tho great regret with which ho now saw him leave it. If any of those present wcro, after 33 years of steady work, ablo to losvu such a good and houorablo iiamo behind them, thoy might think themselves fortunate. (Ap plause.) Mr Girdlcr suitably responded. A musical programmo was thou gone through, und p-oved very enjoyable. The Pony Show at tlio Exhibition Build ings was brought to a clone on Saturday night, wlien the attendance was uaceediugly numerous. Tho undertaking appears to have been a success iu every way, aud much credit is duo to Messrs Aarane and Kivctt, the promoters, tor tho satisfactory conduct of tho atlair. 