floveUst. . : Tlie Secret Ciiamber ; OR, ''''filfi'ilJPSrS VENGEANCJB. Author cf ' The Outlaw' t Bride,' ' The ?&(« '&? 'j -Gin yyv; ? ' ? ? ? ^ ^ ? ? ? .. : I OflAPTJOR JfXVn.-(0oMiiin7Bp.) 'i'm.-ri Cii.; ? * t- 'Ethel* -fpars began ' tq communicqtp themselves tor'tbosb'arourid her, when the bwstJa of aparrival waa heard. In a few '+momerit«, Gerald, glowing with oillP&MjftfliJ; .,A?PP5ji®?i'a» Peered tho room in which the family waa gathered, accom panied by his friend. Edmund Bertie, who soon fonnd^his way to the sido of oc'Alicej » audi ^ the - blushing reception she gave him showed that the prepossession )'.anJber «ideHwai at lea«t antrong aa on Wa. * I . nnv /axiiJi - j .s* ? . .. . . ? r - ^w»rnm ♦ omspea ? ma octrotnea to bis \ 'iwly'BSJiTjiJ arid whispered ; 1 uc*'New 'more 'to part, my dearest Ethel. A few more hours, and you will be mine by tha . njoit aacred ot all *otl8l09 Uli S iu;) oJ ii j ? 8he rained her eyes to his, in whioh love and trust ware mirrored, and replied Krij yours-s- youra .m heart — ?UflslWV'u:iQ}-.-)iMewld, nothing oan part 1 -M .- ... ooy. Suddenly Ethel remembered the strange cuonlloquy aheibad i held- through the* win £iidotr,jand nha draw Gerald - aside, and hi'tokBdif,'''^' : 'in.' ' -???. -. ®id '^yoil^'meet ? a messenger who manner to 6uaSu-- J$i' ''-i. V MoidieiiiaUy uv him tWough' ? the' windbw, and spoke with him,' PTQePeding on \- Qii'if pnph'B-TOBd-': ' Pid he sav' lie wo«rd » iW'i -V ? V'- ' X'. ? 'to '? ?' ''???'?. ? W s»'-J.hi*ir)|jpsBBge,waa of such .jiUWP8®«ft.P»fAe-?-«ist,gp OH' the' road tn meetyou.' ! : Sf ?&» n'ghV must, » Sftv.eij nihj , to.' pee^ shelter 0^eM^,wa oame,. along, .'.flis news could — iiWfea&?9si-b?j??. 1. 'f: ; j muoh ' .importance, nr he woujd .not haye failed to dejiver it.' ? ?' ' ' ' Perhaps snot ;rbiit 'he' seemed very much in earnoBtsr'- - a'iocOer-ld'sm'uBed: a - moment ; and tljefl a jolalti inUBt:: ba«a . oaneorned : himaulf, iliPB. for | am iexpe'ctikigi np'ne\vs - that' .ooMnimSf,iJh9:i)Brl'fiflf hsPBinfipVo'f th» joy ?iuiBl Rtbel, i have. labored 'Mr vflfl, and Hoaypp hag tyoaapd qjy ei forfjtoHi- .i,.y,y)Aii?Jisyi8RsP: ti'p frqitiw. ot vftJwiiJWStfiM* w«-;wl I ,hayp. now' to do is to enjoy tlio supreipe : liappinpk' vMfMMMmkp* _ cur||[ilcted, aTiQ W»1 :;W ' .T'ius tlio bjewpd Ohriatma? ! tq frjb.' i .. ? . 'pW^dp-' 1'ir Mf rf-fe# (jM'j, rornuiflpd *? th'St' -hetJiha'd isiteadv spbiiiittijd to: ' WSH^f'thtttUi'^'&IiuBsfenu;'vfiia pr: pnt-od, mid evcSJtHifig jlfl'fc'HdilVosai itnd 'whA're m fii|tesdofer-t))W urtiuii , for a piiiyli) day ? D*«he^inalllji yioldud, qiiid he i-nn-'i)|tepd' fp 1 lie groups ' around the Mire that the Ad-O'uiB^UIMillPllftin'UDlo 4]s0 rjpg the peal ?ijJufctb^iiv marriage.; .-They, reoeived'tljo, lieailyicongratulations of their friends, X-l put among, the tenants,, , d*w» aft^f; litlforpiihg , thero of the ap onpio«ojiiug.-»ri9mony, requested their pre sonoe at the parish ohurch on the folio wi i ..tag-TOsijJng, . oi suRP^ iMWer.j.they;, dispersed to their I liQjBefi and Gerald returned to the room in whioh the family, waa colleofed, where rrtllS fefflA'.? PWWeP6* wit|x the — egg nog and mulled ^Slroibojrii;,- Jbbiat contained - them were ai with mMqtoe, and when the ^vrow/^c^»(^¥nl¥l:?pded, :AHoe took the ?- *!-».«» -.'Wa of them, and, plac ing It oi), i^thal'* betd, ohanted' foi)ie adtfjffd atruok her ^ - . ; lijiw 'i'Ob ObrittmaS Bve Ihe bells were rang ; On OhrtatmtB Bve the masB'wfti sang ; Villi pnlj plgbt in all the year tib iiio8*F/iMjetstoled.piieal the,ohalioe rear; e'uwjlotlw dumMldpnnedber kirtle thsen : Tha hall WMidr4M«d ,«ith bolly green ; te.tha. woods did merry men go, 7.1 til m miitleioe , '? 8 ' ' , , Thiin opintd wide tbe baron'a ball ? u°W%kmi; tenant, serf, 'and all.' |Mi( Ol jOW OS bJ« U ,1.1 ? . , ' Wa have oarried out the programme flon»idering that wa ,»bMT«!il-,iW-PU;4?g«ner(itfl..tiine» ; and now sriithafcwamayjact out our own nonsenoe,: I'n Witlt no strah(sra .to critkiM a*, 1 with to !' Witt i* »» »' CUffM, Ik«IUh- '?Sou mny be auro of an appruoiativo audiunco.' .Alice wont on with smiling gravity : ?' rhe_ name by which this plant is known in Germany is tier mistel, and tho peopln of Holatein call it tho brandi of the speotres. Thoy beliovo that if a per son has nervo enough to hold n bunch of mistletoe firmly in tho hand, and invoke the spirit of the dead, ho will soo the ono of whom he thinks ariBO before him. If he wills to do so, he oan apeak with tho spectre.' ' But, my dear Alice,' said her futhor, ' this seems to 1110 a silly tampering with things too aolomn to be lightly rogarded. Besides, it is most unsuitable to tho fes tival we have just celebrated. Do not attempt snoh a thing to night, or indeed on any other, night, lest you might get frightened at- your fancies. ' Dear father, I have set my heart on trying it now, so du not oppose mo. One would think that you really believe in ghosts. I do not, so you may safely let me verify the German supersti tion.' . Alioe seldom failed to carry out what ever she undertook, and, after some hard ? persuasion, her father consented :that the trial might be made. She said : .' I fiave prepared an invocation whioh ifill undoubtedly l-ring the airy phan toms around us, if there is any truth in the belief.' , The placed herself in the centre of tho floor, grasped a branch of the mistle toe, and, assuming a tragio, air, com menced : ' Spirits of the vasty deip, On the wings of night now sweep; Oome with storm, come through air, And answer to my earnest prayer ; If the dead may rise to light, Oome and speak with me to-night.' There was a raystio silonoo, only inter rupted by the sound of the rising wind Bweeping-ftgainat the walls of the houBe. After a pause of several moments, Alice threw aside her tragio air, and said, in a disappointed tone : ' I am not spiritual enough to have the weird vision revealed to me ; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with better aucoess. Oopne, priestess, you are al ready crqwned with the Druidioal wreath, and you shall take my place.' With playful foroe she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to refuse her re quest, Ethel ' permitted thp branch of mistletoe to bp thrust in her hand, and iq her turn she repeated the invoca tion. Per faoe wa* turned toward .the door, which opened in thp hall, and while she repeated thp invocation her eyes beoame fastened, to it, as she saw it begin slowly to unclose. A- figure appeared in the open spaoe that ourdled the life-blood around her heart, and f rosso her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored overooat, made white by the ' snow that had fallen on it ; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fleecy flakes, fell in dis order upon his shoulders, beneath which waB seen a face as pallid as that , of any glloBt. He. spoke ip a tpji'e of hpHpW mockery ; . , . . . '' You h$?p palled me, and lol 1 came.' i - A pry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed : ? ! ?-= ' It-is Vernor 1 You have summoned: him from the realmsbf' the'dead. Drop that - branch,' that - he may forever' vanish.'' '' ' '''That is eaBier said than done,' g^id Yernor.' ifl 'hjj 'Woe/ as he strode forward and confronted the group. ' I am no 'goblin-damned,' but a flesh and blood entity, which I can well believe you lyotild a)} l^o glad tf- drivp back into the realms of everlasting nq-. thingiiess. But I am here, and haveoome to oliiim niy own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it.' For a moment Gerald stood frozen in to sjlPnPe by this terrible interruption to their tairth'^ ? p^ut hp ^ras 'aroused ffaqi his (mtiiobility by a faint ' cry from Ethel, and she fell insensible in liis out stretched airms. As they folded around' her, the wretohed conviction came to htm that another person possessed tho right to stand ' between himself and her he had deemed so entirely his own. Ho ?lifiprl the - deen frronn nf nrvnnv t.hnt-. arose in his tortured soul, and'endeavored to tfeatoi'd aiilma'tlon (o'Ethel by' sprmk ling Wa'er from'the 'table ' oyer her inani mate features. ? ' ' ' 1 1 ? ? Yernor made a step toward him, and hoarsely pug j .'. x . ' pnnand th^t lady, sir 1 Let my aunt minister to hpr, fqr I df) not . ohqosp niy wife to lip thill in. the arms of ai^ther man. lam too frozen to touoh.hpr my si'lf or I yould tear her frqm your dpflling ^' l|&hq.;'d dfqlWn'floar the fire, the qthars shrinking away from him as if' they still regarded hlrq as a supernatural presenpe,. j and -was attempting 'to thaw h)s chilled hands oyer thp blazing fire. Gerald cast upon him a gjlanoe of defiance, and sternly aaid r- ? ? ' ?'???? ? ' 1 -? ? - 'This lady ueed not beoome an object ofrcontt.'nfciou. between us. Her own da qijlinii sliftll govern both of us as to whioh one she -will prefer as her future hus hand.' ' I ootnprehend that ruse,' replied Yernor, with a contemptuous curl of his haughty lip. ' You think youraolf se cure of getting it in your favor, hut the law . gives her to me, and I defy you or anyone else to invalidate my olaim.' «' You resigned her long ago to me. I ?: thought - you dead, or I should have placed her fate beyond your oon trol.' ; Bnt you see that I am not dead, and yon have failed' to accomplish that neces sary duty. Since yoU negleoted it, I Bhall avail myself of every right I still possess oyer that girl, who offers a pretty wel come tn her long-absent husband, by fainting when lie appears in her pre lehcp.1' ' ' Do not dare to oall yourself her hus band, for in the sight of God you are not — you never have been that I . You ?acriiioed her onpe to your desire for the wealth b1-o inherited, and you have now returned to torce her odious bonds upon her because she again has fortune to be itow upon you.' , Mrs. Digby, .with trembling hands, had been bathing the brow of Ethel, who now unclosed her eyes, looked around, and seeing Vernor buried her faoe in Gerald'* bosom, while she murmured : ' It is true, -then 1 It was no phantom I Take me away— hold me fast— Gerald, for I will oling to you aven in death it ?all!' . i'. Varnor strodf toward h«r( and tpOflfc 'So-o — my liuly lu iilu will not, cvnn I look upon her lung-absent -nu'. I ctni | well imagine tho vigils you liavo hold — i tears you havo wept over my supposed fate— my protty Ethel, and if thoy huvu dimmed your beauty I can forgivo it. Let me look upon your face, that I may jn.lgu if it is inuoli changed since wo last met.' Ethel raised her hand as if to deprecate a nearer npproach, and turning her color less face toward him, she said : 'Leave mo forover, I implore you 1 Tako my fortune, take everything I claim, but leavo mj free to walk my path of life without your companiouahip. You never loved mo : you gave nin up youraolf, and I call on you to redeem your nlighted word.' 'On my soul, if it were possible to claim ' your wealth without the encum brance, I would take yuu at. your word,' he fiercely rejoined. ' But so important a per.sonago as Lady Clifton ennnot so easily renounce her hereditary eatates in favor of another. Only aB your husband can I hold tliom, and as such I intend to enjoy them. Looso your hold on that man; cease to cling to him, or my passion may pass the bounds of freedom.' Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arm, stood upright before him, and a faint shade of color swept over her pale face as she spoke with dignity : 'I obey you, since the right to oommand me is still unfortunately yourB ; but hear me in my turn. _No earthly power shall ever compel meT to live with you as your wife. You may, for a Beaaon, stand between mo and the man I love, but I shall find means to break the wicked bonds in whioh you bound me while I wai yet too young to comprehend how odious they might become. You never loved me ; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now posses shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power.' ' It might, perhaps, if I permitted you to uso it lor that purpose ; but I shall take good care not to do so. ,The laws of England give a man absolute control over his wife, and I advise you to Bubmit to the fate that is inevitable. Almost by a miraole I esoaped shipwreok in which you thought I had perished. The letters I wrote you were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. He who sought to supersede me in my family inheritance, and also in your affections, can doubtless give an account of them.' He fixed his eyes insolently on Gerald, Who proudly roplied : ' My whole course in life refutes such an absurd charge ; neither do 1 believe that Buoh letters have ever been written. Where h^ve you been during all these years 1' Yernor dared not name the place of his lute residenoe, and he said : 'I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. When the news of the revolu tion in the oountry reached there, I immediately embarked for my native home. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow, lier .tynd. uP°n JQU, . X hurried hither to put a atop to suoh proceeding* and now, .Sir Gerald Methurn. I demand the restitution of iny wife and estate.' ' On tho lost you havo no legal olaim, for the proporty of iny uncle has become mine by purchase. The title has also been bt-stowed onmo forservices rendered to the'preaent king ;? but'I waive my right to bear it if you ohnoae to assume a barren distinction unsupported hy the wealth that pqn -in)y render it respectable. As to Ethel, she lias declared her resolution not to be claimed by you, I will main tain her right to do so at any cost,' Therpst of the group had listened in appalled silence to thiB passionate colloquy; but Mr. Digby here interposed : ' 4 It is useless to reoriminat„ thus. Mrs. Digby, remove Ethel to her chamber for she seems scarcely able to. sustain her self. Qo ^ith them, Alioe, and send a servant to conduct Mr. Bertie to hiB chamber. Ge'ald and myself will talk with Vernor,' and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind.' Vernor stepped forward aud attempted to lake Ethels hand in his; but she shrank away, saying : 'No — no— never shall my hand be olasppd in yours again; You'' resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart' ratifies the; contract. ' ' A dark frown gatl\p^ed on his ty-ow and 1)0 said j through his closed teeth : ' We' shall see who sli'all be the winner. I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of afppble ffoman shall not mar my game. I give you this night to refleot upon your position and make up your mind t-rt vrtni* innvifr.akla ' TTUU~1 Methum, 1 claim your allegiance as my lawfii^ w}fp, and, me, if thqll be render ei!,' Ethp} seemed on the verge of fainting again* and Mra. Digby hastily drew her aside. The threo ladies loft the room together, Alice nlmost sustaining the sinking form of hor friend, wlieao strength was exhausted hy the violent pmotiona of the laBt few momonts. When in her own chamber she wept upon the bosom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked if it would be possible for Vernor to foroe her to live with him as his wife. 'Calm your agitation, my lovi,' said Mrs. - Digby, soothingly, ''Vernor assumes a high tone, ?' but he mimt feel the weakness of hi* cause. , H« cannot compel you to return to liim. It will take time to obtain a divorce, [but no English jury will refuse a verdiotin your favor, when the' faots of the paso are fairly set bofore them.' , ' But Vernor may attempt t- avenge on Gerald the preference I feel for him. Oh 1 aunty, he looks so sivage, bo revengeful, that my heart dies vithin me when I think of him.'.' ; 'My son can protect himsef, Ethel; have no fears for liim. Bac as X am qfrqid Vernor is, he will attempt no violence toward his couBin. Be has too tender a care for his own safety you may be sure.' j Thus reasoned, Ethel beiamo more oomposed, but for her aohing leart there was no repose during the lon( hours of that wretohed night. 1 The light of that day, whioh to* to have witnessed her espousals to thi man she adored, fell upon her wan andwrotohed, fearful of the evil influence yliioh had darkened her . life and half-Vroken her heart. She was too ill and miserable to desoend to breakfast, and Alict came in to ?hare the repast whioh fiva* sarvodin her own apartment. She eadeivored to o^eer the linking spirit*, of li^r friend, but she. had 4P yet no (avornle n«w* to oom «B»iaat«. C lAIMK-J XXVtll. VKllSOR 1I1SMAYK0. Vainly did ; Mr. Digby endeavor to mediate hutnuen the two cousin/. Vernor pertinaciiiualy adhurcd to his doinnnrlH, and doclaieil that tlio full and ample restitution of his fortune, together with tho surreudor of Ethel, were the only terms tu which ho would linien. Several days woro consumed in fruit less negotiation, during which lithol confined horaelf to her own apartniont, and Btoadilv refused to receive tho intruder. Vernor assumed the eonmiiind of the house as i's lawful master, and the servants learned to thoir dismay thai; the wodding of thoir lady would not tako place, as the former huBband, long sup posed dead, had returned to assert his prior claim to her. 'Gerald was almost in despair at the firmness of Vernor, whon a letter from Lvmo was delivered to him which changed the aapoct of affairs in his favor. It was directed in the cramped hand of one not much accustomed to writing, and, on opening it, he found these line* Sin Gerald Methubn— Hononi Sir:— I write this to let you know of a discovery I have made which may be important to jou. Three days ago a ship went tahore'near this place ; the people on board were saved, and one of the passengers were brought to Jessie Lithgow's where I lodge. She is a young and beautiful woman, I can see, although she has been sick almost unto death since her arrival here. During her illness her wild ravings informed me of some tacts that bear upon the history of your cousin, Vernor Methurn, who I am aware is now in England. I know much of Vernor's former life, and when his first name fell bo often from her lips I listened to her words with interest. I ?ought for a confirmation of my suspicions, and found a letter concealed in the drees ahe wore when she was brought hither, which proved to me that I was right in my con jectures. I inclose you a copy of that letter, as I dared not remove the original. You can judge for yourself if the facts it contains can be of any use to you at this crisis. He has married a second wife while bis first one iB yet living, and this poor girl has followed him to demand auch redress aa the law may afford. Four nights ago Vernor Uethurn was in this plaoe, and by this time he is un doubtndly at OliSden. I know the Lady Ethel wbb soon to marry you, and the infor mation I send may enable you to deal with your adversary on more equal terms, You may rely on the truth of this statement from a friend, although my name ii not signed to it. M. V. Below this was oopied the letter Vernor had written to Sylvie, and Gerald no sooner glanced over it than he aaw from internal evidence that his cousin must have been the author of the original. The date ako confirmed his suspicions that Vernor had not told the truth aa to the place of his refuge during the years of his absence. In a tumult of feeling he sought Mr. Digby, and laid the important missive be fore him. X}e read it carefully, and then (aid ; ' This places Vernor at your meroy. The woman he has thus wronged will ex pose his treaohery, and to avoid a prosecution for bigamy ho will be com pelled to fly from the country. A' delay of a few months will enable you to olaim your bride, for now all legal difficulties to a divorce inuBt vanish before the proofs you can bring forward of his utter want Of prinoiple and feeling. Let ns seek an interview with him, and show him the critioal position in which he stands.' Vernor was walking on the soa-beaoh, but in a short timo tin came up and re turned to the house, Gerald met him in the hall, and requested a private conver sation in the library. ' Our interviews lead to so little testis satisfactory that it seems useless to hold them,' he said, with a sneer ; ' but I will nut refuse your request.' ' This one at least will be more decisive,' was the significant reply ; ' I have something of importance to oom municate to you which will probably ohange your plan of aotion.' ' I fanoy not ; but we shall see/'and he indolently followed his' cousin, and threw h'imaelf in a chair in front of the fire. Mr. Digby was seated beBide the library table, and Gerald carefully dosed the door of thp room. Vernor haughtily said ! You take many precautions whioh are now useless, for every servant in this house knows who 1 am and why I have come hither. They also begin tq compre hend that I intend to maintain the foot ing I have gained here as the lawful master of the domain.' ' I am quite woll aware of that ; but thoy do not know what I am about to pqmmuiiicate to you. It has been known to myself only within the last hour, and 1 warn you that it will.be a terrible blow to you.' : II Lot it fall, then,' was the reckless rejoinder. ' I am prepared for anything you can have to tell mo.' ' I think you are scarcely prepared for this. How long ia it since you left Bur badoes and deserted the woman to whom you were united thero ? I am aivaro'that you have never been in Virginiu: that the years of your exile were spont in the West IndioB.' As Vernor listened his cheeks blanched. He visibly trembled, though he falterod : 'It is false I No woman has a legal claim to me save Ethel. Why should you presume to doubt my word as to the place of my exile ?' ' I doubt it becaUBO it is satisfactorily proved to me that you have never been in Virginia. Tho woman you liitely deserted iB already in England in pursuit of you, and by this time the clue to your identity is furnished to hor, though you wedded her only under your baptismal name 1' He looked fixedly on the ohanging faoe of-the listener, and if confirmation had been needed, the agitation of Vernor supplied it. He faintly gasped : 'Sylvie in England! Sylvie on my track I then I am indeed undone 1' After a moment of perturbed thought, he passionately asked : 'Who has told you this 1 What proof have you of what you assert ?' Gerald offered him the letter of the gipsy, and calmly said : ' Bead that, and see that you are no longer safe in this country.' (To be Continued.) Whin the grave-digger was asked how he found life, he replied that he didn't see muob of it around where he worked, Soptlbioh : ' Miaa Flyte, do you think Miaa Giggle is laughing at me t' Miaa Fly to : 'I can't aay, Mr. Softleigh, Sh* often laugh* at alia oat nothing,' 