AN ORIGINAL BELLE. BYP E. P. BO. CHAPTER XXXVII. STRAHAN'5 ESO?APE. After Blauvelt had left, Mr. Vos burgh's breakfast-table in obedience to his own and Marian's wish to see Strahan at once, the young girl laughed outright-she would laugh easily to-day-and exclaimed: "Poor Mr. Merwyn ! He is indeed doomed to inglorious inaction. Before he could even start on his search, Strahan found him. His part in this iron age will consist only in furnibhing the sinews of war and dispensing canned dulicacies in the hospitals. I do feel sorry for him, for last night he seemed to realise the fact himself. He looked like a ghost, back in the shadow that he sought when Captain Blauvelt's story grow tragic. I be lieve he suffered more in hearing about the shells than Mr. Blauvelt did in hearing and seeing them." "It's a curious case," said the father, musingly. "He was and has been suffering deeply from some cause. I have not fully accepted your theory yet." "Since even your sagacity can construct no other, I am satisfied that I am right. But I have done scoffing at Mr. Merwyn, and should feel as guilty in doing so as if Ihad shown contempt for physical deformity. I have becomed so convinced that he suffers terribly from consciousness of his weakness, that I now pity him from the depths of my heart. Just thing of a young fellow of his intelli gence listening to such a story as we heard last night, and of the inevitable contrasts that he must have drawn !" "Fancy also," said her father, smiling, " a forlorn lover seeing your cheeks aflame and your eyes suffused with tears of sympathy for young heroes, one of whom was reciting his epic. Strahan is soon to repeat his; then Lane will appear and surpass -them all." " Well," cried Marian, laughing, "'you'll admit they form a trio to be proud of." " Oh, yes, and will have to admit more, I suppose, before long. Girls never fall in love with trios." "Nonsense, papa. they are all just like brothers to me." Then there was a rush of tears to her eyes, and she said, brokenly, " The war is not over yet, and perhaps not one of them will survive." "Come, my dear," her father re assured her, gently, "you must imi 'tate your soldier friends, and take each day as it comes. Remembering what they have already passed. through, I predict that they all survive. The bravest men are the most apt to escape." Marian's greeting of Strahan was so full of feeling, and so many tears suffused her dark blue eyes, that they inspired false hopes in his breast and unwarranted fears in that of Blauvelt. 'IThe heroic action and tragic experience of the young and boyish Strahan had touched the tenfderest chords in her heart. Indeed, as she stood, holding his left hand in both her Sown, they might easily have been taken for brother and sister. His eyes were almost as blue as hers, and his brow, where it had not been exposed to the weather, as fair. She knew of his victory over himself. Almost at the same time with herself. he had cast behind him a weak, selfish, frivolous life, assuming a man hood which she understood better than others. Therefore, she had for him a tenderness, a gentleness of regard, which her other friends of sterner natures could not inspire. Indeed, so sisterly was her feeling that she could have put her arms about his neck and welcomed him with kisses, without one quickening throb of the pulse. But he did not know this then, and his heart bounded with baseless hopes. Poor Blauvelt had never cherished many, and the old career, wi;h which he had tried to be content, defined it self anew. Ho would fight out the war, and then give himself up to his art. He could be induced to stay only long enough to finish his breakfast, and then said : " Strahan can toll me the rest of his story over the camp fire before long. My mother has now the first claim, and I must take a morning train in order to reach home to-night." S"I also must go," exclaimed Mr. Vosburgh, looking at his watch, " and shall have to hear your story at second hand from Marian. Rest assured," he added, laughing, "it will lose nothing as she tells it this evening." "And I order you, Captain Blau velt, to make this house, your head quarters when you are in town," said Marian, giving his hand a warm pressure in parting. Strahan ac companied his friend to the depdt, then sought his family physician and had his wound dressed. " I advise that you reach your country homo soon," said the doctor; Syour pulse is feverish." The young officer laughed, and thought he knew the reason better than his inodical adviser, and was soon at the side of her whom'he be lieved to be the exciting cause of his febrile symptonms. " Oh;" he exclaimed, throwing him self oh a lounge, " isn't tlis infinitely better than a stiling Southern pri. sin?" And he looked around the cool, shadowy drawiig- room, and then at the smiling face of his fair hostess, . as if:tlhiere wero nothing left to be rdesired ' " You have honestly earned this respite and home. visit;" she' said. taking a low chair beside him; "and now I'm just as eager to hear your' story as I was tolisten to that of Cap tain Blauvelt, last night." " No more eager ?" he asked, look ing wistfully into her face. "That would not be fair," she re plied, gently. "fHow can I distin guish between my friends, when each one surpasses even my ideal of manly action ?" w " You will some day," he said, thoughtfully. "You connot help doing so. It is.the law of nature. I know I can never be the equal of Lane and Blauvelt." "Arthur," she said, gravely, tak ing his hand, " ''let me be frank with you. It will be best for us both. I love you too dearly, I admire and respect you too greatly, to be untrne to your best in terests even for a moment. What's more, I am absolutely sure 'that you only wish what is right and best for me. Look into my eyes. Do you not see that if your name was Arthur Yosburgh, I could scarcely feel differently? I do love you more than either Mr. Lane or Mr. Blauvelt. They are my friends in the truest and strongest sense of the word; but-let me tell you tlhe'truth-you have come to seem like a younger brother. We must be about the same age, but a woman is always older in her feelings than a man, I think. I don't say this to claim any superiority, but to explain why I feel as I do. Since I came to know-to understand you indeed, I may say, since we both changed from what we were-my thoughts have followed you in a way that they would a brother, but a year or two younger than myself-that is, so far as I can judge, having had no brother. Don't you understand me ?" " Yes," he replied, laughing a little ruefully, "up to date." " Very well," she added, with an answering laugh, "let it be then to. date. I shall not tell you that I feel like a sister without being as frank as one. I have never loved any one in the way-Oh, well, you know. I don't believe these stern times are con ducive to sentiment. Come, tell mo your story." ".Jut you'll give me an equal chance with the others," he pleaded. She now laughed outright. "How dd I know what I shall do?" she asked. "I may come to you some day for sympathy and help. Accord ing to the novels, people are stricken down as if by one of your hateful shells and all broken up. I don't know, but I'm inclined to believe that while a girl can withhold her love from an unworthy object, she cannot deliberately give it here or there as she chooses. Now am Inot talking to you like a sister ?" "Yes, too much so-" " Oh, come, I have favoured you more highly than any one." . " Do not misunderstand me," . he said, earnestly, "I am more grateful than I can tell you, but-" " But tell me your story. There is one thing I can give you at once-'the closest attention." "Very well. I only wish you were like one of the enemy's batteries, so I could take you by storm. I'd face all the guns that were at Gettysburg for the chance." "Arthur, dear Arthur, I do know what you have faced from a simple sense of duty and patriotism. Blau velt was a loyal, generous, friend, and he has told us." "You are wrong. 'The girl I left behind me' was the eorps.de rcscrwc from which I drew my strength. I believe the same was true of Blauvelt, and abetter, braver fellow never drew breath. He would make a better officer than I, for he is cooler and has more brains." "Now see here, Major Strahan," cried Marian, in mock dignity, "as your superior officer, I am capable of judging of the merits of you both, and neither of you can change my estimate. You are insubordinate, and I shall put you utider arrest if you don't tell me how you escaped at once. You have kept a woman's curiosity in check almost as long as your brave regiment held the enemy, and that's your greatest achievement thus far. Proceed. Captain Blauvelt has enabled me to keep an eye on you till you fell and the enemy charged over you. iNow you know just where to begin." " My prosaic story is soon told. Swords and pike-staffs! what a little martinet you are ! -Well, the enemy was almost on me. I' could see their flushed savage faces. Even in that moment I thought of you, and whispered 'good-bye,' and a prayer to God for your happiness flashed through my mind." "Arthur, don't talk that way. I can't stand it; ".and there was a rush of tears to her eyes. "I'm beginning just where you told me to. The next second there was a sting in my right arm, then something knocked me over, and I .lost consciousness for a few moments. I am satisfied, also, that I was grazed by a bullet that tore my scabbard from my side. When I came to my senses I crawled behind a rock, so as not to be shot by our own men, and threw away my sword. I didn't want to surrender it, you know. Soon after a rebel jerked me to my feet. ' Can you stand ?' he asked. "' I will try,' I answered. " 'Join that squad of prisoners, then, and travel right smart.' "I staggered away, too dazed for many clear 'ideas, and with others was hurried about half-a.mile away to a place filled with the rebel wounded. Here a Union soldier, who happened to have some bandages with lhim, dressed my arm. The Con. fodera te surgeons had more than they could do to look after their own men. Just before dark, all the prisoners who were able to walk were led into a large field, and a strong guard was placed around us. " Although my wound .was painful I obtained some sleep, and awoke the next morning with the glad conscious ness that life with its chances was still mine. We had little enough to eat that day, and insufficient water to drink. This foretaste of the rebel commissariat was enough for me, and I resolved to escape if it were a pos sible thing." " You wanted to se me a little, too, didn't you? Nevertheless, you shall have a good lunch before long." "Such is my fate.. First rebel iron, and now irony. I' began to play the rdle of feebleness ahd exhaustion, and it did not require much effort. Of course we were all on the qui'vio to see what would happen next, and took an intense interest in the fight of the &rd;, which Blauvelt has described. The scene of the battle was hidden from us, but we gathered from the expression of our guards' faces, and the confusion around us, that all had not gone to the enemy's mind, and so were hopeful. In the evening we were marched to the outskirts of Gettysburg and kept there till the afternoon of the 4th, when we started towards Virginia. I hung back and dragged myself along, and so was fortunately placed near the rear of the column, and we plodded away. I. thanked heaven that the night pro mised to be dark and stormy, and was as vigilant as an Indian, looking for my chance. It seemed long in coming, for at first the guards were very watchful. At one point I purposely stumbled and fell, hoping to crawl into the bushes, but a rebel was right on me and helped me up with his bayonet." "0 Arther ! " "Yes,.the risks were great, for we had been told that the first man who attempted to leave the line would be shot. I lagged behind as if I could not keep up, and so my vigilant guard got ahead of me, and I proposed to try it on with the next fellow. I did not dare look around, for my only chance was to give the impression that I fell from utter exhaustidn. We were winding around a mountain-side, and I saw some dark bushes just be yond me. I staggered towards them, and fell just beside them, and lay as if I were dead. (To be continued.) 