OME GHOST STORIES. According to the Now York "Sun" i I "r'rfre3tl0"S 011 sPiritism ind k'ind l-iod subjects were recently submitted to cer tain prominent American citizens, with a re vouches — g y> for which he r mii.ii called away. twT' i ^'ue 8hcst story, and one that sends a cold shiver through my frame whenever I think of it. When Fwa^ n Shanghai China, m 18?8> ih company with Ling Look and Yamadeva (« S then travelling under the name of The Royal 111 c!"r'> merlarden 'n ^0nmt^ge' a 80rt suni qunrKTcf f ?Ur nYhf fl'oln fche English ^Shanghai, and while there we all ^ok part in a gatoe of tenpins. One of the captain sv a burly German, made a great many f"s;r{1by throwing the largest ball in the rack. This roused Yamadeva, and he also attempted to throw the large ball, but in doing so fell back and complained of a pain m the right breast. We drove him back to the city and summoned an English phys ician, who pronounced it a case of ruptured Z^65,' a,\1 aS'?r0d U3 fchat tlle young man J\ould he all right in a few days. On the fourth day after the accident Yamadeva was apparently so much better that the doctor said it would be perfectly safe for him to tm with us ti. Hong Kong on the steamship w wh,lcVvas to leave that afternoon \\\ e all embarked, and about midnight on the nrst night out I was awakened by two pierc ing shrieks of "Kellar! Kellar!" These were the last words Yamadeva ever spoke, for when I reached his cabin his head was lying m Ling Look's arms—he was dead. Ihe ship s doctor said he had burst a blood vessel. The captain of the steamer kindly consented to carry tho body to Hong Kong and the ship's carpenter made a rough coffin] and. the remains of our companion were de posited on the bridge. On the evening of the second day, at about 9 o'clock, while the ! ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Ling Look, Mr. Gray, of the Hon" Ivong and Shanghai band, Mrs. Gray a clergyman and I were seated on deck in the j aft, when suddenly there was a dear and dis tinct whistle—ti-ta-ti-tnti-tnti—sUch as our company used for the purpose of recognition We all were vory much astonished, and more or less excited. Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, "That is Yama deva whistling," and answered the call by our well-known tioo-ti-ti-! This was im mediately answered by the correct reply, ti i-i-i-oo. Ling Look now gave the first call, ti-ta-ti—tati-tati. This was immediately an swerd by the invisible power with tioo-ti-ti. , 0 calls were repeated by Ling several times, and each time the correct reply came from the air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, as i everyplace was careful! vscarehecL The ship's I officers at first made light of the affair, but when the whistling was repeated, and Lin" Look would tell them beforehand what an° sWer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and the captain said it was the most wonderful thing lie had ever heard in his I life. Ling Look insisted on opening the cof fin to see if Yamadeva was really dead, and when ho viewed the body he said, "Yama deva is calling me, and I must go with him " I oor L-mg was taken sick in Hong Kong and dieci in the hospital there, and buried him beside his brother Yamadeva. They are resting side by side in Happy Valley, the beautiful cemetery of Hong Kong. THE PHANTOM DOCTOR. Mr. Daniel Greenleaf Thomps3n,prtesident of the Nineteenth [Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom Doctor ;— I was spending the summer at. Newport, where I liad gone to recuperate from the i arduous duties of my profession, when I met a girl with whom I fell desperately in love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and the fact that she not only ignored my existence, but that she was already engaged to another man whom she evidently adored, did not in the least cool tho ardour of my passion. From tho first moment of our meeting I loved her as one loves once in a lifetime, and I worshipped in secret. Though we lived in the same boardinghouse—a pretty vine sovered cottagc overlooking the sea—we rarely met except at.lneal times. Emily and , lier betrothed, whose name was James I Jerome, usually wandered oil by themselves auring the daytime, leaving me a prey to a fierce consuming jealousy; and in the even ing, while I sat apart moody and disconsolate, vainly trying to fix my attention upon abook, I could hear the faint murmur of their voices from a retired corner of U.o verandah that overlooked the rippling moontouclied ocean. One night, however, something occurrod that caused my blood to riot madly in my veins, and the recollection of which, even now, sends a thrill through my entire being. It happened in this way : I had gone to bed im pressed with that acute, mysterious sense of coming evil which sometimes effects the most phlegmatic persons. I recollect the intense sultriness of the air, the oppressive stillness, and tho gentle rhythmic swish of the water against the cliff below. I do not know how soon I fell asleep, nor how long I continued tqsleep, bntl was roughly awakened after a tinie by a loud rap at my door. Springing 0ut of bed, I drew the bolt and enquired 3 hat was wanted. To my utter astonish ment Emily stood before me, her white wrapper barred with yellow moonlight that streamed through the shutter in the hall. Her hair, long and golden, was unbound and floated in shining strands over her shoulders. She appeared to be greatly agitated, while as for me I was so overcome by the unexpected j sight of her there that I could feel my heart j beat against the panel of the door on which . I leaned. In a few words she told me what | was wrong. Her lover, Jerome, had been taken violently ill. I was a physician, as she well knew. Would I como at once and give my assistance 1 She had been summoned by one of the housemaids, and Mrs. Gibson, Emily's mother, a semi- invalid herself, was already stationed in the sick room. The instant I reassured her, saying I would come immediately, she with drew, vanishing down the corridor, a moon illuminated ghostly figure, and I heard her descend to the floor below. When, five minutes later, I reached Jerome's apartment, I found him suffering from internal pains of great violence, the cause of which I was un able to determine. He became quieter after I had administered some morphine, and pre sently fell into a profound sleep. Emily remained in the room, and as I watched Jerome I saw that she regarded me intently, suspiciously. Ic cut me to the heart to think I was an object of distrust to her ; but the mere fact of finding myself compara tively alone with her at that silent hour of the night intoxicated me with joy. When I returned to my room my pulse was bounding with excitement. For somo time I tossed about, unable to sleep. When at last repose came I dreamed a strange and horrible , dream. I heard Emily's voice call me by name and summon me to Jerome's chamber. I rose and dressed, and went down the creaking stairs to his door, which I opened. He was lying in bed, and I myself watched beside him. No one else was there. Oh, how I hated him and how 1 loved' Emily ! How I loathed his very presence . A fiendish impulse came over me to kill him—the im pulse momentarily grew stronger. My body standing on the threshold saw my spirit cautiously measure a dose of poison from a vial. Then with blanched face I raised Jerome on his pillow, and forcing open his teeth, I gave him the deadly draught. A look of unutterable horror came into the sick man's face—a look I shall never forget. But fearful convulsions seized him. He | writhed in agony, and in a moment lay still and rigid. A wild delight possessed me. I cried aloud and awoke. Good God! not to find myself in bed, at all, but standing shivering in the hall with an empty vial clutched°in one hand, and the cool, grey morning creeping through the window. For a brief space I was dazsl, horrified beyond measure. How came I hore 1 Gradually I recalled the summons in the night. The incidents, one by one, came back to me. I remembered I had remained below not half an hour. The frightful dream rushed upen my memory. I knew that I had deliberately murdered James Jerome—murdered him be cause I wanted the woman he loved, and whose affection he had tvon, for myself. I had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of sweat broke out upon me as this awful truth came to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild., dash down the stairs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breaking day fell directly across his motionless figure. I advanced with a halting, stagger. ° and peered into his face. It was i;ait, ashen. My eyes glared in horribio nppre hension as I placed one hand upon his fore head. The touch chilled me from head to foot like ici:. He was dead, unmistakeably dead. Then I fled from tho room, and for a time knew no more. I will pass over tho hours of desperate a£°ny that followed. Suffice it to say that, although I felt perfectly irresponsible for Jerome's death, 1 yet knew instinctively that I had murdered hiln. The empty vial, my unaccountable presence in the hall, my dream,all pointed to a shockingand loathsome reality. I knew that on my soul rested the burden of this horribio crime. Then came the second chapter in the tragedy. The troublo and the excltBhlent incident to tho calamity that had occurred in tho house caused Emily to be utterly prostrated. I had not seen her sinco that fatal morning when I awoke to find myself branded as a murderer. ■ Like a criminal I hid in my room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, despair. Then I remember, I heard that sho, too, was ill, and that my professional services wore required a second time. Tho misery that took possession of me knew no bounds. I was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. I shrank from tho possible path into which my other self—that hideous phantom of my self— might lead me. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More dead than alive I found myself crossing the threshold of that dimly lighted room. Again I prescribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All the time my heart went out to the poor suffer ing girl whose anguish I had caused. I lovod her more than ever. I rushed away, and once more sought forgetfulness in sleep, and once more I dreamed. I saw myself stealing on tip-toe along the dusky corridor,starting back affrighted when I thought to hear a sudden footstep ; then emerging bcjdly from the moonlight to the deep gloom of the staircase, I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through the open doorway I saw the interior, reddened by the lamplight ihat streamed in flickering j rays into the entry, I myself, or my double, spirit of flesh, I know hot Which, sat by the sleeping gitl, holding one of her hands in mine. I stood rooted to the spot as if fas cinated. I watched myself as a tiger gloats over its victim. My breath came in thick gasps as I saw Myself riso slowly from the bedside, and | with an expression of devilish cunning pour something from a vital into a glass. I raised Eniily in bed and gave her the medicine. She began to struggle violently, as if she divined my purpose. I hold her like a vyce and forced tho liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned Upon me a look of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed with malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt a sicken ing compression about my thro,-it,and I awoke as before to flhd hlyself halfdressed on the starts with an empty vial in my nerveless hands. For the second time I had "been guilty of murder,and the woman I adored had been my victim. I knew that that she had died by my hand. So it afterwards proved. She was dead ; poisoned. In my own room the sun danced on the floor. Tho clear day was advanced. The fresh salt air blew upon my feverod temples. Outside birds sang joyously amid the trans parent green of the trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own soul. I was damned here, doomed to damnation for all eternity. My spirit appelated fctt be slipping from my body aa a sliadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled with death. I heard myself appeal to God for mercy, I saw myself struggle madly. An icy chill came over me. I realised the fact that dissolution was eminent. My eyes were as stone—sightless. My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth. I gathered strength to utter one heartrending shriek—such a shriek as might have come straight from the inner most depths of hell. And then came a wondrous light and change. I was alone in my room—not in Newport, but in New York. I was not the phantom doctor at all, but myself, and. with an exultant thrill, I discovered that I was innocent, and that nil iny fearful experiences had beell ftaught but dreamsjwitliin dreams— a vision wrapped about with impenetrable and ghostly shades. PLAYING WITH A CORPSE. Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the follow ing Among the most brilliant of the students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernay. To a general adaptability to the science of medicine «. owi ness and nerve in the use of tho knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the family and the envy of his fellow students. In course of time Tiernay graduated, re ceiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which followed won an appoint ment as assistant surgeon at one of the smaller Dublin Hospitals. He filled this position with much success, his one fault being an insatiable thirst for scientific inves tigation, which led to a proneness to operate upon a patient upon tho slightest provoca tion. This, however, is, as a rule, not re garded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital staff, and Tiernay ex posed himself to no very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : " When in doubt, always operato." One evening, some months after Tiernay had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends—his former fellow students at the university—were gathered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in sipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiernay to their heart's content. And what do you think was the subject of their chaft': Just this : The death of a woman under the knife, with Tiernay as the surgical operator ! Ah, my friends, hospital practice blunts the feel ings and make men pretty callous ! The hospital surgeon comes to regard human flesh as simply so much ligament and fibre ; human bone as simply so much tissuo. The circumstance in the case referred to by Tiernay's friends were about as follow ::—A woman in an advanced state of illness had been admitted to the hospital. There were certain complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that she could not survive, and, well—to put it bluntly—it was charged that, in the interest of certain spectifie data Tiernay, had performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still alive. The as sembled company listened with great interest te the medical points gleaned from this in vestigation, and then, theirthirstfor scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient was alternately re ferred to in the most jocose vein as " Ihe victim" and "the martyr." Tiernay, of couase, denied the imputation cast out, but nobody seemed to care much about these denials one way or the other. Tired at last of chaffing Tiernay, the guests turned their conversation to the sub ject of nerve power. Out of this conversation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager' Tiernay a supper at tho Garter that he would not dare go into the morgue in the basement, in the hospital, where the body of tho poor " victim" lay, and sit for one hour beside the corpse. Just as the clock struck 12 lie was to rise, stand over tho corpse, and repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, "I command you to ariso !" Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challengcr persisting, he finally ac cepted the wagor. He repaired to the morgue, took his soat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in the dim light begat. reading a newspaper. At last the sound of tho big hospital clock was heard tolling out tho midnight hour. Tiernay rose from his chair, and, true to tho conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. " I command you to arise !" What was that 1 Really he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense! Was he a man os science, or an old woman with weak nerves ? Once more his voice rang out, louder than before : " I command you to arise !" Horror upon horror ! There could bo no doubt of it this time. The corpse hrd plainly stirred. With blanched face he tore back the sheet. No, no—it could not have been ! " I command you to arise !" As the words rang through tho narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encirele him who had Bum monecl " the victim" back to lifo. Two minutes Inter, when. Tiernay's friends burst into the room, they foundhim babbling and chuckling at tho feet of the corpse. His reason was gone ; he was an idiot. Had the poor "victim'1 claimed her revenge 1 Had she been momentarily gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer? No ; there was no Buch sensational retri bution as this ! After all, lam obliged to spoil my ghosfc story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth; Tiei'ilay was simply the Victim of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guest had con trived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at a critical moment galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study, Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and' the awful result described followed. 