notes. heartily lorry for HE9SS93£9Ni£ta'SN&fc; oar too total HNMHltfgNSKniinietad rerelatioa of wrpenzlvely bailt It our i of Ul e ex porth or tho with 0 rest omers many .mado cspito mo to >t tho U tho jconlo tually othoV tllCM o l>o rniog IOU9C, ) per ut tab ; with '8 kit eh ho coctly 1 oqru lotlier oMtJ cactly great wholo irgcst ihruw ilea of they back law, show i 'ho Is tho all— tuata icoplo tbo yi I goes, t anil isumo own but ;o and point novel Htoplo :nt in r own lerful tho shows pecch iwcct taken orLhy rtuno, tbno, T (lis- jinout and y dis tlsfac hopo Lo St on in ta of ii ud- o flur- crown d how thirty italor, with- dtho wttm ,U tiio tlmvo old of llouctl scats, iC.000 ta of ; hi mgor. t t|1 ; eha tlint r suuh irraati it she 0 and when r five es of ion of in the kit It iot in- y rate built 1 very rapin very i with angor timial eforo, i Lore, j used ! i who iko it their Hwiy went day. Coko as to for a lorlog es ho l wu. bile." rom a Uway pat- which than- resent id up that uiC of un I coma iaioly oom- Is -, of mmt aad itd'.to , that mos min| thrown up tho straw, and settled the quel 1 tioa of the direction of tho windr Aro yoo so very delighted that the Par llsmentary Library escaped a conflagration last week I If no, it is Certain that you were never compelled to listen to tho debates. ho doubt it Is very desirable that members should have an opportunity of improving their minds, but oh what a comfort it .would be lf.they were compelled to keep tbe proof of their studies to themselves, and wo wcro left to find, out that their intellect woro in good order by tho closeness of their attention to tho business of tho day. Havo you the slightest hlca of the enormous proportion of Parliamentary talk that is simply undigested library matter, swallowed and voided ! A proposal is under discus sion for increasing a unty, imposing a tax or oxponillng a sum of public money. Do tho honorabjo members couOno themselves to tho issue, and decldo as to whether it is wise, just or expedient to follow tho proposed courso. Not much. They prime thomselvcs with histories of all similar proposals that have ever been mado any whero else, and they cram alt tho denunciatory passages they can find, and generally fiVuro before the experienced nearer pretty much as did the par son in the old story, who losing patience at hearing an auditor mutter under his breath, "That's Blair," " That's TiHotson," M That's Sterne," as each easily identified passago smote his cars, came out with on angry warning, "Fellow,' if you don't hold your tonguo von shall be turned oat !" and was rewarded with tho response, "That's his own." I havo sat so often and listened to passages cribbed from Mocaulay, Russell, D'Israell, I'almcrston, Hume and other big-wigs of tho past, applied to ridiculous Issues which they did not fit, that I have como to regard a Pariia tnvatary library as a qualified blessing. I think myself that May's Parliamentary Practice, the daily papers, and a volnmo or two of " Punch would answer all ncccs sary purposes. During tho visit of Sir Charles Hallo end bis most accomplished wife, I have had forcibly impressed upon my mind tho fact that a vast number of highly estimable persons have been put to a very groat deal of inconvenience by the necessity for show ing up at these fashionable, but, to them, thoroughly uncongenial entertainments. The audiences have been decidedly mixed. Ono great division goes to revive old recollections, to hear great mnnie long unheard and long impossible to hear, anu enjoy itself with all its heart and aoui. Another largo proportion is formed of music lovers hitherto unacquainted alike -with tho fact that such atupendoas com positions . existed as tltoso gigantic sonatas which theso great artists play so easily and so well, or that tho technical ox cailcndl which enables them to exhibit such marvellous skill was attainable. But the third division. Ah I poor things, my heart bleeds for you. Tho utter dreariness and weariness of tho whoto business to thorn, the Jiitiful longing for a tuoc, tho do- ight with which unything liko a tune Is recognised, tho frantic cITorta to keep awako and to keen still, and to look moderately satisfied fiill mo with tho pro foundest sympathy. Tho worst of it is tliat tlioy bulug uacotsuorl&blo; themselves, make otbor pcoplo norfeotly wrotclicd. You soo that you can hear every sound iu tho silonco that matchless musia compels, aud every movement catches your eye hi tho general stillness. Ono night a learned judge who sat behind mo bad broughtsomethingin a paper bag with which to keop himself awake. Tho bag crackled when no touched It. Tho stufi snapped when ho hit It, and stuck to his tooth whilo ho sucko'l it. Tho trouble that poor mau had with his candy must havo driven him crazy. I know it nearly did that much for uio. Another night, a lady, next me, too, doliberately determined to keen herself alivo with her fan. Sho did all tho tricks with it that tho Japanese balancer duos with tho polo ond tho Uttlo boy, and sho practised all tho tricks of fan telegraphy— in vain, sleep would overcomo her. tho fan would drop with u crash, aud she would recover it with a rustle aud a dip. Ah, mo 1 it wqs a sad, sad business. Bub tho worst of nil was a waggUag votary, stout, small aud sixty-two, whom ,tiio fortunes of war had planted on tho platform lu the front rank within eighteen inches of Sir Charles JTallo'ii Dose. Sho deliberately waggled to tho tlmo during the whole evening, that is, as nearly as nho could. All through that glorious appaslonatn sonata aho novcr atoujied. Her head went from sido to side, with a diagonal bend for ward j her mouth expanded in a seraphic milo, with a downward bias toward tbo left Bhouldcr ; and her hands, clasped in a gcntlo rupturo, bent a unceasing rat-tat-too on her ample skirt. Alas and alack I It was a dreadful, dreadful affair, and If younotico any signs of depres sion iu this column havo the goodness tosot it down to tho malifio influence of tho wagglcr, tlio fanner and the candy-chewing judge. I am profoundly impressed with tho wonderful luck of tho Cyulorama Company which bos managed to pay its shareholders back something liko one-third of Jiolr capital in tho shape of dividonds during tlio first tlirco mouths of its cxistcuco, and I heartily congratulate them all on their goad fortune. And I am highly (lo)lghteil with tho hnprcssivo addition of thunder, lightning, wind and rain to tho effects of tho big picture, and of tho presence of Mr Joromlan Brown. .Aud I beg respectfully to suggest that a ghost would givu nu admirable finish to tho representation. Hero is tho accuo plan. It is not copyright, and may bo usad by anyone anywhere without payment of fees, l'laco, Boaaparto'a bodeframbor— time, night bofora the haltlo. (N.B. — A tout would bo bcttur, hut an ho clout at a farmliouso it would not bo historically corrcot. Of courso it would never da to aaorlfica accuracy to effect in a mattor of this kind), liuter tho ghost of Joscphino. Solemn warning of impending defeat. Prog nostications of exilo and discoiitent. Gene ral Inquiry as to tho whereabouts of tho new wife who ought to bo thoro or thereabouts. BIuo fire and exit Suddon awakening of the Kmpcror after tho manner of Mr Irving iu King Kichard III. and call to battlo. There I I havo often had It proved to mo by French people and by sound forcible argu ments, too— It waa in tbo late forties when I was young aud tondor, and tho pcoplo wcro, two maidon aunts of my father's, with Iwny knuckles . and a imaok like tliat Cbopiootto adminis ters to Vouillabaiaso— that Nunoloon wAs not beaten 'ab Waterloo. I havo had it proved to mo by IratoPrussians— this was in tho sixties whoa Prussians woro evorybody and Germany was not yet bom again— tliat tho British bad nothing to do with Waterloo. But I never saw anybody, nor did you, who could prove that Joscphiuo's ghost did not appear to . Napoloon tho night bofora tho liattlo, aud historical accurracy is qulto suf ficiently consulted if no ono can disprove tho itatqmants of tho historian. \- . So tho Kalsor Is going to suppress Bis marck, who has boon warnod that his in trigues against tho Governmunt will not bo permitted to go on unobeckcd. Already the poor man fools that ho Isbut small beer now. Tbo telegtaph clerks havo been directed not to reacivo ids messages, and ho has been ordered to hold his peace, and mind his cabbages. , -Thoro was a man named Garibaldi onco, and ho, too, did some ser vice to a congerios of small abates, which 'he holpoa ; to tarn into a country. He was ordered to ilo down, and did not j aud . so, at a place callod Asnromonte, he was opposed, wounded and takon prisoner. Is Bismarck to have an Aapromonto ? What, fools these Statesmen an. Cau thoy novcr learn that the' oat's duty, whoa she has drawn the ' chestnuts out of tbefire.for tho monkey,' is to sit quietly on the hearthrug and Hole her tinged pawa. . What right has she to express an opinion oa the destination oftho provender? . 