COVWABBB, By Foster Osborne, Author of " Yuroka," or " Saxon, and Savage"; "My Devil," and "Joshua Horrocks." CHAPTER XVII.-CONTINUED. It katl cost Peroy Loyd more than he ad mitted-to himself, to east away for ever all liopo of'Ida's lovo. He came to Australia with the firm determination that, except so far as common friendship was concerned, his heart should be shut against mankind. He had steeled his heart through hours of bitter reflection to this resolve, and he deemed the one great lesson of his life suf ficent to quench within, him for ever the fac ulty of'love. Fallacious reasoning. Had he been mote conversant with the tendencies ^ of hutaan llature, -lie would have known that sorrow and. exile make men yearn for sympathy ; that life in" g. strange unknown; land 'renders the heart moro susceptible .when affection, because he thought his nat-; ure chjHed and infllesdble ; he trusted in the hardqjw of his heart, and that was the rock on which his resolution foundered. He had btiilfc about his heart an icy wall of coldness and reserve, but sympathy crept in and thawed the barrier. There wfcre times when he felt unequal to the position-times when his resolution almost forsook him He would go back to England, claim his heritage in spite of the worldt then return and declare his love to, Ida; tell her the history of his Me, and truBt to her faith in his innocence. Then his calmer judgment told him that such a course would be madness; how could he expect her to acquit him, when all the world beside believed him guilty ? No; bet ter let things remain as they ware; he would be afoie to live unsuspected, and she, at all events, would think no evil of him. And ttrea Jris mind reverted to Hepburn Thorpe; Why did he turn against him ? Ah 1 it nj*»st have be§n a heavy bribe which tempted him to teke the part of a perjurer. " But no, I ill not beliove it," he soliloquised; " it wft? for no Inercjonarv motive that he to awefvr ft way my life; there was fl'oma staroQgct- lqfiu&riee; than that of gold brought to bear upon him." Wha<»could it mean ? What power on earth had caused Hepburn Thorpe to waver in the high stan dard of roctitudei to which formerly he had adhered ? It was ali a mystery, which he .oovild not solve ; but the one bitter jjfact remained-his friend, with whom -hjj would have trusted his life, had deserted him. " You're awful,gloomy to-day; Mr. Loyd," cried Oharley. * They wero riding along the narrow track, Percy in the lend, and Oharley some four, or flvei horse's lengths behind. Percy tur ned in his sad^e. Axa. 1," he said; "I suppose it's owing to the weather, for I not "^rtVnQS. not particularly vivacious." :? haven't been saying much, but '? J^hinking a heap. I say, don t you ' iVii'ntrfeft horses could do a drink? We've ? been travelling some hours now,andit's pretty ' warm. xiiere'S a mce" slope" at'sne end ol the headland yonder, where they could get down to the water., ?" ^?es, they ought to be thirsty, and a few mmntan'^est will do them no harm; let us go and water them," ? They rode to the extremity<of the head land, and, dismounting, gave the horses a drirife; th&a; they secured thim by the_bridle to a tree, intending to rest- them awhile. The lafldsoape had rather a curious for mation at this spot. The point on which fhey stood projected for a quarter of a mile into the lake, whHtffc on the other side an other jjapo ran inwaj^ls a distance of half a mile, leaving a narrow .strait, about 000 yards in width, between-|jjhp extremities of fcbe two. Percy and ©Barley sat on a log . which lay tyn-osa a velvety hummock clad in. a closely matted turf of green trefoil. Not, directly between the two promontories, but rather to the westward, and about 200.yards' ' from fcho no^th shore, there stood in the' Water a large black stump. How it got there no one know, but there it stood, all mdss-grown and slimy, fast decaying. .This green spot, with its smooth turf, favorite resort- of marsupials, for tiiey'etiliein dozens, saeaking into the open ttfuf da&mg; off with mighty bounds, when they discovered the intruders. Flocks of ' ibis and spoonbills came worm fishing close to the shore, and. an ancient looking peMaan tbrust his ponderous bill amongst the reed stems. Two large eagles soared at a great altitude, now poising, now curv ing with a graceful, motion, then with a SWQQJ? they dartod on some ufiwaryfish, and securing the prey,, they perched upon the gfcum£ to feast. : " It would take a gjpod shot to pink one ofthoge fellows," remarked |Charley ; "do yoa think any man «ould fetch one at that distance, Mr, loyd 7° _ " I knew a man, Oharley, who could do it fiv<S times out of sis." " he must be a crack. You are by or the beat ghot, and I will bet a pound ybucan'tdo It; just try, will you?'* Very well j wliicli one shall I take ? .. . " The lower one, it looks the best position .. Percy opened the breach of fiis martini, and, having loaded, brought the rifle to his shoulder. For some reason or other he felt -a atroilg desire to hit the marie; something of the old " warpath '* feeling came back to him, and he took carefulpaijp. He pulled ' the trigger, and the lower bh?d dpopped into water. So sudden had been the bird's .death that he lay motionless on the water, and hi's> utterly bewildered companion, instead of .'^hing flight, stood looking on in atojaze rt»ent. , , "Brpvo!" cried Charley, in great glee, " that 'Was a splendid shot. You don't moan Jo tett me that the other fellow you spoke of ? can beat yon?" "I do." " Well I did'nt think there was ' another man"-Bang I A blue wreath of smoke curled up from the opposite beak, and eagle number two fell beside his d@od companion. " Hepburn Thorpe, by heavens I" exj claimed Percy, springing to the water's edge; and, then, remen^ring -that a broad sea .Jay him ariH Hepburn, bo iurned to wl*ere Oharley stood, aud puid~ ".I have heard about your scullers, and your cricketers, but I did not think there breathed a colonial who could do that shot. Why, it must have been close on 400 yards." " It's just a fluke," returned Charley, . one of Johnny Ohisholm's flashes. He's al ways shooting about the lake, and he's not much of a shot either." They stood -watching the opposite shore for some minutes, hoping that the rival markman would emerge from the entangled brushwood, and reveal himself. The latter however, seemed by no means solicitous of notoriety, for he kept modestly under cover until the would-be beholders remounted their hacks and proceeded homewards. The chief topic of discussion is, of course, the mysterious disappearance of old Rory, which mystery they find it very hard to solve, and when they arrived within half a mile of Bundura, they are as far from de ' filiate conclusions on the subject as when they set out in ithe morning. " Suppose he has seen the v^ti'iii-haired woman and bolted," said . Charley, . with a ludicrous smile which plainly indicated dis belief in the existence of the said woman. " Do you know. Charley, I am half in clined to believe that there is some truth in Peter's story about the apparition." "Are you? then I'm not, it sounds too much like a ghost yarn to my fancy." "Well, peihaps you aro right; I dont pre tend to believe in the actual existence of the woman ; I think it is, probably, a prac tical joke. But who is the perpetrator in question-that gets beyond my comprenaion. You remember the frighffyour sister got on the night of the party ?" "Oh yes; but Ida must have been off her chump that night; why, she admitted to me the. next day, that she was not sure whether it was a woman or a kangaroo. But, Speaking 'of this creature reminds me of a promise you gave me a long time ago, and I am going to keep you to your word, too." "Indeed 9" "Yes; don't you mind, when I told you the digger's Btory, you promised to go with me some day and explore the cave 9" ''Oh, yes, I recollect, but I thought you had repented the bargain, and had resolved to let that rash expedition fall into obliv ion." Percy uttered the inuendo with a smile. " That'll do now, Mr. Loyd," exclaimed Charley, who habitualiy met an insinuation against his courage with a challenge. I'm game to tackle the cave whenever you can screw up the pluck to go with me; and see if I don't have you up to yonr neck in fright before its all over." With this exchange of banter, they rouud-ed the foot of tho mountain which slopesjdowu to the lake at the rear of Bun dura houge. 