The lotler of " An Australian Woman,'' which wo published in onr issue of Thurs day, speaks with commendable frankness and some knowledge of tho world as woll as with much good feoling npon a topic on which tho last word is not likely soon to be said. To the end of time thure will ho cases in which inen and women disrogard the safeguards that custom and law have established for intercourse between tho sexes. On a great many of these cases it would ho absurd to waste pity. A good many women undoubtedly go wrong because they like to do so ; and whether they aro impelled by animal passion or by a desire for line clothes and an easy lifo, women of this sort are bound to take tiic inconveniences of tlioir position as incidents iu a professional career. On the otbor band, there are of course many instances whore a girl is simply thoughtless and ovor , trustful, aud a few whore she is betrayed by very foul deceit. To say that wc should allow doctors to interfere with the course of nature in these matters, and prac tise what the law at present treats .as manslaughter, would bo to take a peril ously retrograde step ; and though our correspondent appears to justify the occa sional use of abortion, she herself hesitates to recommend it as the normal remedy for grave indiscretion. Putting aside all con siderations of the Christian or the moral law, we may yet say that a State wliioh should logalise the destruction of infant life at any stage, or which should allow women to unfit themselves for motherhood, would bo sealing its own ruin at no distant date. Tho decline of France, where nothing so violent as this has been attompted, is sufficient in itself to show that national life will always decay if the absolute purity of the family hearth is invaded. Accordingly, what the " Aus- " tralian Woman " falls hack npon is a regenerated form of Foundling Hospital, to be called by tlie seductive name of Mothers' Home, to be appropriated to unmarried womon who havo incurred tho burden of maternity, and in which every mother is to nurse and tend her own child, which she is to support out of the profits of work found for her by the institution, and, no doubt, eventually paid for by tlie State. Now, of course, tlie fact that mother and child would be kept togeLber under this system raises it in one respect very much above the old Foundling Hospital. The facilities given by the old system for the absoluto desertion of those to whom father aud mother owed solemn duties wont far towards uusexing the women and furthor depraving the moil who availed themselves of it. We cannot doubt that Rousseau was a worse man after he had committed his children to the care of strangers, without even leaving himself the means to recognise and reclaim them. On the other hand, it must he remembered that practically it is the hardships which attend a lapso from virtue that keep the vast multitude of indeterminate women pure. Girls who have no very strong feeling against the sin of an illicit connection recoil from its terrible consequences — from sooial excoin- niunication, from- family reproaches, from the agonies of half-tended motherhood, and from tho necessity of having to surrender their children. Assure every girl who is tempted aiul hesitating, that if the worst happens slio may retiro to a well managed asylum, where she will bo nursed in complete privacy, and where she may stay for two years enjoying l,ier child's caresses, and the law will have forged a dangerous weapon to assist tlie lovor's approaches. Indeed, will not the married women of many thousand households begin to compare their own lot regretfully with that of their fallen sisters in these institutions ? What equivalent does the State offer to those who are fol lowing tho better, and indeed the only right way? Even as it is, tlie sight of Phryno in silks and jewels is a hitter insult to the wives who make our homes holy, and who are condemned to eat their bread in the sweat of tho brow. But when women who have set an unfortu nate example cpme to be divided roughly into those who are cared for by a rich pro tector aud those who have a home and work found for them by the Stale, the good things of this lifo will certainly fall inrather more than a fair proportion to tliose who used euphemistically to be called " soiled " doves." Now it is not the interest of tho State that this should be the case. Because, however, such an institution as " An Australian Woman" suggests is un- practieable, and would only iuerease tho percentage of seductions, it does not follow that no improvement in the relations of the sexes is possible. Society is percep tibly better than it used to be in some important particulars ; and it is on the whole better pretty much in proportion as Liberal principles have triumphed. Without wishing to raise the ghost of old controversy about the celibacy of the clergy, wc may surely say that the times when society swarmed with men who had taken rigorous vows from which thoy could not he released wcro unfavorable to iho practice of purity, though, of course, now and again there were religious revivals and inter vals of decorum. The obligations of fashionable society, which still make it exceedingly difficult . for younger sons to marry, arc responsible .for a great deal of immorality in aristo cratic countries. Great cities are probably much the sauic all tho world over, but everything seems to show that outside the cities of the United States protiig&oy; is atteudod with a great deal of positive danger, while iu England it is only visited with a little discredit, unless, indeed, the supposed oilunder is a Liberal and a Home Ruler. There seems, therefore, to be good reason to hope that the spread of democracy will reduce the legion of professional lihertiues, whose excuse in the old world is that they cannot marry. On the other hand, as women are hotter educated and are admitted more freely to every kind of employment, it is reasonable to suppose that they will be a little bettor able to take care of themselves, and a little leas inclined to regard love making as the only possible distraction from the' hopeless d illness of their lives. "Tlie virtuo of " women," says a lady in a French play, " is the most exquisite invention of men ; " and there can he no doubt that while masculine caprice is steadily laboring to undermine it, the deliberate purpose of thoughtful men and practical men, and of men who value morality, is to fence round wives and daughters with such safeguards as to make frailty rare and comparatively inexcusable. Of course it is a paradox that these contradictions should exist, but they are constantly seen in the individual, and as we judgo the man by his rule of life, and nob by his occasional blunders or lapses, wc may fairly accept tho general purpose of society ; throughout the ages as moral, . We may ' even add that the worst mistakes have been embodied in institutions that were intended to make men moral beyond their strength, like tho celibacy of the clergy ; or to divest women of their responsibility, like tho old English Poor Law, that threw tho whole burden of bastardy on the man. Consider ing all this, it is scarcely unreasonable to hoxm that after agood deal of sad experience wo shall gropo our way into some better method of regulating the relations of the sexes. At present all tho evidence indi cates that it is better to train women so that they will not surrender their self respect, and to order tho Stato so that lliey shall not bo forced to earn their broad by tho most terrible of all saoriGces, than to provide them with homes and pot thorn after they have gone wrong. As, howover, the most sanguine optimist caunot expect that any ciiango will be more than gradual, there will re main for years to come a wido field in which kindly and generous women may labor among those who have fallen, but who aro not doterniinatoly bad. There is every reason why any institution of the Foundlings Hospital character should lie private, though under State supervision. Wherever tho State manages, it is almost bound to receivo good and bad indiscrimi nately ; and State amployts aro not likely to have the tenderness of Sisters of Mercy or their Protestant representatives. Mean while, " An Australian Woman " will par don us if wc venture a last criticism that the term " mothers' home " carries with it associations which would be desecrated if ' < - .When the Paris copper ring collapsed in March last year, the name of the Roths childs was freely associated with the disastrous speculation. However, it came to he generally understood that whilo the- French branch of the family had admittedly taken part in tho gamblo in its initiatory stages, they had had tbe shrewdness and linancial foresight to get quit of their en gagements before troubles closed round tho venture. Thus ivhen tlie corner terminated inglorionsly in tho triple bankruptcy of tho Socictu des Metaux, the Comptoir d'EScompte, and' tho brokers, the Roths childs were believed, with their proverbial good fortune, to have escaped without serious loss. However, thero has beeu a lingering donbt in the minds of most people who followed the history of the speculation that the full truth about the copper gamble has never yet been told. The plan was such a gigantic one that its ostensible manipulators must have been madmen unless they had strong financial backing behind them. Yet when the collapse came tho assots were com paratively trifling, and a number of the copper mining companies readily cancelled their contracts with the Socicte des Metaux simply because they saw no chance of enforcing the stipulated penalties. A few of tbo companies, however, no donbt believing that' tho real iinanciers of the speculation were keeping themselves concealed, and were allowing mere mon of straw to hear the brunt of the disaster, determined to hold to the letter of thoir agreements. Rightly or wrongly, they snspected that the London Rothschilds wore mixed up in tho coppor trans actions as well as the Paris branch, of the family. The scent has evi dently been followed up with keenness and perseverance, for we now learn by cablo that an order has been made by the Queen's Bench upon Lord Rothschild's bank to disclose its relations with the defunct Socicte des Metaux. The sub sequent stages of this action promise to be interesting, for immense sums are at stake on tho simple question of a responsible party being found' from whom damages can he recovered by process of law with the certainty of their being paid. Needless to say, tho Rothschilds will be able to liquidate all such claims if tho liability is sheeted home to them by the forthcoming disclosure of their exaot position in .regard to the Paris speculators. It will obviously be a splondid thing for the copper mining companies if this liability be lixed on the great banking firm. In view of this interesting development of evonts, the main facts of the copper gamblo will bear recapitulation. Tho enterprise began in 1887, when the price of the metal, which for years previous had ruled at from £70 to £80 per ton, dropped to tho unreniunerativc price of £38 to £40 per ton. This result was mainly duo to the discovery of new deposits of copper in Michigan, the Lake Superior district, Montana, Venezuela and Portugal, accom panied at the same time by increased activity in working the old mines in Spain, America and elsewhere. When the low prices of 1887 were reached the Societe des Metaux commencod its cornering opera tions. It entered into a contract with the leading copper mines, including tho Moonta and Wallaroo Companies in South Australia for a period of three years, that is, up to tho ond of 1890, to buy their whole output at a mini mum of £60 to £65 per ton, half tho surplus of tho price of sale also to go to the mines. The immediate result of this arrangement was to send copper with a bound from £40 to £80 per ton, and during the height of the speculation £100 per ton was actually touched. For a time the Socicte kept its . monopoly, securing three-fourths of tho world's output of copper in virtuo of its contracts, and buying up the produce of the remaining mines as it came on the market. But the artificial inflation of prices had results of unforeseen magnitude. In the first place production was enormously stimulated, many abandoned mines being again set in operation. Secondly, great quantities of unsuspected stores of old copper were dragged into requisition and put upon the market. Thirdly and lastly, manu facturers all the world over re stricted their consumption to an extent that had not been .calculated upon. The result was that the task of buying up and holding the available, supplies of copper soon became ono that strained the resources of tho Societe des Metaux to their utmost point. For a time the syndi cate managed to struggle along with its ever increasing load, tho Comptoir d'Escompte being after a littlo time drawn into the desperate gamble. However, it soon becamo impossible for the ring to keep on buying at the inflated market rates the increasing supplies that were being poured upon the market. They thus lost their monopoly, as the uncontracted for copper entered into competition wjth their own stores of the metal. The bubble was pricked, and the inevitable collapse speedily came. There can be no public sympathy for the men who embarked and lost thoir all in this gigantic enterprise. The attempt was a daring and unscrupulous one to raise to faini ;e prices a metal indispensable in a number of industries, the solo object being to enrich beyond the dreams of avarico a small clique of speculators. Tho syndicate failed in its attempt to effect a corner, and it was right and proper that its members should suffer the full consequences of their failure. On grounds of public policy, therefore, it will be well that if the Roths childs had actually a share in originating and supporting tho gamble they should he made to bear their share of the disastrous results. It is out of the question that such a firm should bo allowed to work in secret on the principle of pocket-l ing profits if tho venture should sue-, ceed, and backing out and so evading responsibility should failure attend : the speculation, Of course, the Rothschilds may bo in a position to disavow al association with the Faris ring. However tho more fact of tho investigation as tu their precise relations having been pursue? for a year with snch relentless >ortinacitr seems to indicate that they were mori closely mixed up in the corner than was tnodo to nppoar when tho collapse of the Societe ties Mdtanx bronght their namo in connection with the affair into public prominence. While tho spirit of the English law is undoubtedly opposed to tho system of rings or syndicates, it is not yot certain whethor tho statutes in their present form can suppress them, as mo question of tho logality or illegality of these combinations has yet come np for decision in tlie English courts. But the American courts have found themselves able tobroak tip a number of trade rings. These de cisions haVo been simply based on tho principle of the common law that it is illegal and opposed to the general interest for companies to combine to conduct a business which may be so managed as to work injury to tho public. The plausible plea that such combinations may really result in tho prices of com modities boing reducc'd has not been allowed to pass muster by the American judges. They havo pointed ont l»y way of reply to this argument that tho reduction in prices is simply necessary at first to Crush competition, and that whon this result is effected the power rests in the discretion of the syndicate to raise prices to an exorbitant figure. The possession of such -powor by o-.- reup of rues io, according to ike , ul ing of tbe American dispensers of tbe law, opposed to the public interest, and the manipulators of a corner are thus declared liable to pains and penalties. Wo trust that the American institution of rings will not secure a foothold on Australian soil. .Should such an event take place, however we can only express the hope that our judges will follow on the brood lines laid . down, in spite of all leal quibbles and technicalities, by tlie judges of the United States. This lino of action has only been token in America when the evil lias assumed such gigantic proportions that the ihdnstrial future of the country is jeopardised. Tho lesson for Australia and other countries is that the ring system should bo nipped in the bud the moment it shows its presence in a commercial \ com munity. 