-rj--r j X IG JIT JP EA RS. ' ' Sfitli is the title of one of Lamb's cliHi'ming essays, in whioh he dwells on J the bufferings of children from nervous terrors when alone nt night, and con- gratulates himself that, with advancing years, " my night fancies have ceased to be afflictive. I confess to a single nightmare; but I do not, as.in early youth, keep a stud of them." Yet the spirit which peoples the hours of dark- ness with strange nnd terrible per- sonalities, is by no means confined to children. At all ages mankind appear to have cherished a " fear of tho dark." Probably the real dangers which formerly attended this time, thu activity of beasts of prey, the risk of attack from foes stealing in under cover of the obscurity, thc many inconveniences experienced in a state of society where gus and matches were unknown, laid thc foundation for tho nervous terrors which all nationalities and creeds added to the real "perils of the night." Classic civilisation was not above night fen rs. Headers of " The Golden Ass " of Apuleius, a romance written-in tli e early part of the second century, will rentninber the abject terrors of the newly-arrived traveller in Thessaly, celebrated by the consent of thc whole world as the land where magic arts aro. indigenous." Thc witches who abounded in this favoured region liad a pleas- ing habit of mutilating the corpses of the dead to supply thc ingredients for their tungie salves nnd potion's; and paid watchers were appointed to gui\rd the defunct from their attacks. As the witches were credited with the power <if " transforming themselves into dogs, mice, even flies," and so creeping into the chamber of death ; and as, more- over, the watcher was expected to make good with his own features-nose or ears-those portions of the face of which the corpse was deprived, the office of guardian of a defunct was not an enviable one. But we refer our readers to the pages of the classic nove- list for a full account of the witeh haunted nights of his time-of thc young man murdered by a witch, but restored to fictitious life by a «punge plugging the fatal wound; wliioli sponge falling out the body sank inanimate ; of tile Lémures, or restless spirits of tho dead, which wandered over the earth " terrifying the good and continually : haunting the wicked ;" of the sorcerers who could change mini into birds or animals ; of Hie host of terrifying phantoms -with which even the learned and educated men of the time had peopled öie hours of darkness. The down of tho Christian era dispelled many"" sight terrors " of tlie classic age, but oiily to substitute its own code of fcârsTfô^^îê^ôure'-ôf 'dafknoss. The "witches" feai-ed by thc traveller in Thessaly in the second oentury were equally credited and dreaded by pious mcdia'vaj monks aBd godly Puritan divines. That the night-time was thc period when all evil agencies had special power, teems to have been the universal creed of all humanity ; from the classic sage, making peace offerings to the manes of the dead, down to the modern negro, trembling to pass an " Obi " temple. Media-vid superstition even excelled Pagan imagination in adding to the list of " night terrors." The "Knight of the Tour Landry," in his book of advice to his daughters (written in the Middle ages), gives a gruesome account of a certain pious maiden who devoutly prayed for the dead, nnd who, in consequence, was defended by a " great crowd of dead bodies," who sur- rounded lier couch at night and scared away a wieked knight who had crept to her chamber with evil intentions. One hopes that this body guard, though visible of the wicked knight, was not equally apparent to tjie virtuous la-W. whose rest might have been somewhuu troubled by the view of her protectors. Thc Breton peasants of the present day have quite a list of evil beings who only stir abroad in the hours of dark- ness, from the spectral washerwomen, who break the arms of passers-by who refuse to nssist them at their task, to the "chariot of death," which whirls along, driven and drawn by skeletons; German peasants and Devonshire rustics still believe in the Spectre Huntsman and the Wish Hounds-the phantom chase that whirls along the night sky, and is a sure precursor of war or other public calamity. The Vampire super- stition was long prevalent all over Europe.. As for the old-fashioned respectable family ghost, it plays a minor part in the list of " night fears." As a rule, the ghost was a reasonable being, content with the possession of the "haunted room," and only trouble- some when intruded upon in- its own domain. Witches, vampires, Barguests, and such unpleasant acquaintances were loss complaisant - they deliberately sallied out among unfortunate mortals. It has often been remarked 'what a singular fascination " tales of granierye " possess for everyone. " Ghost stories '' are always an attractive ingredient in tho "Christmas number," and even in our sceptical age persons are bound to hearken to legends of Spiritualists and Theosophists, which repeat the supersti- tions of Pagan and mediaeval times. Is anyone really freefrom, if not a fear, , at least u susceptibility to the dark! To the least imaginative natures there is an eerieness in the hours of the night, particularly to those which immediately precede the dawn. Tho watcher by a sick bed, the waiter for tho return of night revellers, finds this period the - most trying of his vigil. At this time does furniture emit those particular raps and noises only observed (though probably they may occur at other times) during night watches. At this time docs the dead watch click loudest behind the wainscot of an old house, and the fire exhibit the strongest inclination to bum low. At this time, it is said, the vital forces are at their lowest, and most deaths and fewest births take place. And at this time do the vener- able and time-honoured traditions of " night fears " attack the strongest mind. Persons impervious to ghostly terrors are apt, if waking or watching in the "small hours" wliich follow midnight, to imagino they hear burglars or smell fir« ; ami even to go hunting along cold passages and deserted rooms, like Hood's deaf heroine, "looking to see if they've Iicurd a noise." Sounds, which would be innocent ¡ind cheerful in the daylight, become startling in thc niglit season-even the familiar cry of chanticleer is jarring when it sounds before dawn. Even brave Ajax prayed for light " to see Iiis foermm's face." Tt is needless to recall how all calamities tire increased by their oecurcncc at night-time. A fire, n Hood, a town sacked, a city destroyed by earthquake -all these evils receive a last touch of horror if darkness be added to their terrors. Painters and describers of the terrible always soled night-time as thc period when thc events they depict luke place. Sorcerers and wizards were pre- sumably less afraid of (lie dark than were their fellow mortals, as h was only during the hours of night finit tlifir intercourse willi the Hellier world could bc satisfactorily carried un. The dawn of day abruptly broke up thu witches' Sabbath, sent thc ghosts scurrying b.-.ck to their graves, dispersed the spirits raised by the necromancer, and stilled tin; voice of tho '. nunki'?'s hoitd that spoke to Odin." lt vin only during the niglit-tiine that the Nome priestess could obtain whispers fium tho tomb of the dead hero ; that thc witch of Puritan New England could ste:;l to lier meetings in thc primeval forest : that the wizard could call upon bis visionary servants. Only during tho hom's of darkness could desperate men, weary of calling for help on powers above, seek to obtain that assistance from Ahriman whick was refused by Ormuzd. At night-time sallied out Kenvenuto Cellini for that famous "devil-raising" ex- pedition described in his " Memoirs," when a magician calls tip demons sulli eient to lill thc Colosseum at Kuruc, and who, like the spirit, raised by the servant of Cornelius Agrippa, prove mow. easily summoned t!i:m dismiss-.*!. During the night season did the profli- gate Kcgent of Prance sally out to gratify similar unhallowed curiosity, and call up evil spirits. "While darkness still exercises a certain power over all of us, it must have been a terribl« season to believers ill all tile authenticated " night terrors '' of the past. Not so long ago, ever;, one, even the most cducatml ¡;nd pious per-sons, believed that during the night the churchyards were peopled with wandering ghosls; that suicides were visible at the-place of their burial tit the cross ronds ; that ;it any lonely and convenient pl.ioe tho belated traveller might stumble on a witches' Sabbath in ful! swing, <>;? encoun!<:r a spectre or assist in the " raising' of .in evil spirit. .Small wonder lhat our ancestors deviantly prayed and cruised themselves as they journeyed in the dark, that they nailed horseshoes io their doors, wore clmrins and relics, i<nd sprinkled their thrcshulds with holy water. We have outgrown many ancient superstitions, but the old, weird, mysterious infistence of thc " hmm <^f darkness" has never quite vanished for ¡my of UK, London En ui;ty fiuauhrtl. j 