IWovellst, THE HAUNTED HUSBAND on, lady Chetwynd's Spectre. BY UU0. HADniET lbwia. OHAPTEIl XXIV.- (Continued.) ITo then rapidly ekotcbcd his visit to St. Kilda ; bis falling in lavo with Osrnico. their marriage, her death, and. her repeated oppenranco to him alnco her burial. At the conclusion of tbo narrativo. Chelwvnd breathed heavily, Ida faco ghastly pale, his hlae eyes wild and strnngo In their eager wistfulncss and yearning. " A strange illusion," said Bluet placidly. 11 1 heard of a man once who fancied himself n tea-kettle, and was only cured of the de lusion by being placed upon a bot store. And you, my lord, believe yourself to be haunted? The delusion is not unprece dented. A thousand men havo deemed themselves haunted. By the by, the Miss Monk' you mention is your lordship's be trothed ivifo, is she not V Yes. Wo are to bo mar rind next month," replied Ohetwynd, gloomily. 14 It is desirable, then, that you should rid your mind of tb|s: singnlar delusion . as early as possible," romnrked . Bisset, \- quietly. ' « You havb nob heard all. . You Ihink me \- k . V a monomaniac, I sea; but listen When my J wife last. appeared to mo, -the night' before i last— I <puiflUod her.- I; -bounded after ' her down Iho -Jong - aisles of .the con-' aervatory j I-'grnspcd -at- her ; I caught her fllccve—r" i: . . ' 11 Ah I" breathed Bisset,. i 11 And I tcro from it this bit of lace, W teal tangible proof that the- carmen ts at least , woro not spectral;- Look I Cbetwynd tock from his pocket a tiny packet, which, being undone, was found to , . consist of a yollow, wrinhlod, and tomsornp . of old point lace; - . .. Bisset and Tempest examined the lace with engorebrioslty. . "This pnto anew ylow upon the matter, . my« lord," said the detective, speaking no v, longer in a drawl, but in a quick, business voice. 4l.Y6or ppectfo was a Ii?ing woman. : IIow was el c dressed?":' 44 Tn her butinl robcsr-q longi white silk : fiown, cut rqnare at tho ncck. with frills of m huso like that. Idding ihcr fair bosom, and . with Blecvefloiit nit at thq elbows and jidgcd ,/ with loco, J3ho lins always" appeared to-ino .in tho samVdrorn," V' V 44 Hum I" said Mr.;Tlle«w>K-s. .'M"FTnB nrivnTfn clso seen this white-robod angel besides yourself, my lord ' 4? Miss Monk saw her, and believed .bor a ghost; No ono cIbo saw licr. Shn comes . . and goes like r. shadow. I belicvo her to. bn n living vomnn. lt ut who is slie? But that I know Bcrnico to be dead— M What is -this rettery, Mr, lllssct? I have pent for .you to probe it.!' : 14 1 should say, at first glance," said tho officer,- u, that oomoyourig woman was trade iog upon her resemblahco' to tho late Lady Cbetwynd. There is no doiibt, of course, . that Lady Ohetwynd is dead ?V . . <4 Sho died in 'ray arms, and lay for six days in my honso I'nburicd, and I then con- " signed hor to tho Chetwyrid family vault in. \- i tbo Ohetwynd parish church, " declared his :;v'. I lordship, solemnly. 11 And yet, Mr. Bisset, v ' I can .swcar. that that scrap of laco camo I from my wife's biirinl robe. Tho pattern is \--j peculiar," you will observo" , 44 Had lady Ohetwynd much of this lace , 1 among her effects?" asked Dl6Bet. ' " Nono of that pattern except upon tho dress in which she was buried. The gown was made for her in London." . 4< Wo'H look into the mutter of" this laco,. v my lord, 14 Whoever Is counterfeiting the ?. dcn.d Lady Ohetwynd is doing so ekillully, ' without regard to trouble or expense, and , ... consequently with an object. What that » . 4 ' . object is wo must determine.. Do you know . of anybody who Is ayerstf to your marringo . with Miss Monk?" \- 44Idonot. My inarriogo with her is re garded ns n matter of course," replied Lord ' Ohetwynd. 14 1 was cngagod .to marry her years ago, but alio broko tbo -engagement \- ' ment juet before I wont away on tho. cruise that resulted in my.mhrrlsgo to Ilcrnicc. ' My wife, in dylug, urged .mo; to marry again ; andBince my returniqltlioogh I hare notceneed In my lovo and fidelity to t-ho ment with MtBsMonk,'? 41 Hum P said Mr. Bisset ; and Bomobow ' ho;uttered tho simplo ejaculation in a: manner that raado it pregnant with mean ing; " You must not dcom .mo over-: curious, my lord, but as yon havo desired \- me to assist In the solution of tho mystery of Lady Ohclwynd'e apectrc, I must ask you \- " to be perfectly frank with me, nud to give mo considerable information that will seem, porhaps, to bnvo no bearing upon the matter a "In question. I must know every member of t your household, eervaiifa and nil. To I begin with the chief pcrsonngt! next to your- i self, my lord ; who ia Miss. Monk 7" ' Tho inurquls fancied that (ho officer's ' questions were growing Intrusive, mid ho / replied, coldly : |jrii///js my step-sister and promised wife. \- b Bis'tho daughter' of my mother's second husband, Colonel Monk," 44 Born in India, my lord ?" Tbo raarqulB bowed with a suspicion of haugbtluess. ' " And bcr brother is : hero,"; also, . my . lord?"'.. /. .'I,.- oHo is, at. prcsenl, , Ho Is fendlhg law . with ficotsby & Newman,: of -'Chancery Lanc." "> ' " ' 4,Hum I ; . I Jknow Scolsby Nowmah," ' said Mr. Biwet, coolly. '. 4, Bxcc|liint llfni. i- v Bo Mr.'Qilboxt Monk fs reading law with: them ? Thanks, my Jord. And"Mr. Monk, I suppose, was also born in India. I have a partiality for Indiaand India people. I was born in India, my father, being ah officer of tho East India Company, I was out Micro during my first ten years, and I've been . back sinco attaining my man hood. I 'suppose 1 know ns much of India and tile natives as any mvn of mv ae living.. .. " 4 '.Tbo carriage rolled on through the vil lage and up the bill beyond, entering the shadows of the park, and soon readied fho house.. : ; , Tho young, marquis conducted ids cuast, Mr. Tempest, and Hie dutectivo, Mr. Bisset, to the library. Here his lordship, at Disset's request, recapitulated the .story of -Lady Ghctwyhd's spectre and the facts connected with Ms repeated appearances, submitting Jo be cross examined even to the minutest de tails. Tlio dnudy-liko dlficcr dropped his little affectations of eye-glass -end drawl, and listened with a keen interest, nn l ex hibited a coo), calm judgment, a clear p?r- ccpUon, ar.d nn ni'iilchcsj and shrewdness that caused Lord Ohetwynd to rcvoko his enrEer opinion of him, and to respect and have fa'. lb fu him. 44 1 am to pass ac- your guest, my lortl, equally wlib your nctoal guest II r. Tem pest,11 said the officer, when Ohetwynd had given nil tho information in his power. llow mauy pcoplc fa your honsc, my lord, know inc in my true character?" " Only Miss Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tcra- Ecst, and myself," was the response. . 44 The ousekccper, butler nod under servants, of course, are in ignoranco of your busioess here, of yonr name, cvon. They havo been told that I expect a guest." 44 Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr, Monk knew mo only as your guest," said tbo officer. "Men of my profession Hko to work in secret ' Most ladies havo a maid or confidential attendant to wbon: they impart a good share of their secrets, and these maids aro sieves, for the most part. But to return to business. Will you tako mo to your conservatory, drawing- room, and music-room, and point out the exact spots at which tlic spectre— wo will call your visitor a cpcctro for tho present, 'my lord— appeared to your lordship?" Ohetwynd assented, and naked Tempest if ho would accompany thcra. 44 If you please," said the great explorer. Ho lea Tempest and tho oiliccr to the drawing and masic rooms, and pointed out tbo spots whoro Bcrnics had first and last appeared— how sho bad escaped tho pursuit, running down tho nUlo of the conservatory, and out at tho open door, Mr. Bisset went over the ground carefully, and then etiil : 11 My lord, I will umlerttiko tho solution of this mystery, but I dcslro you to lcavo tho wholo matter in my hands. Permit mo to como and go about the house at wilt, to question your servants, and havo a night- key to one of your outer doors, and to com port myself in all rnpects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family," 14 Your may make your own terms, Mr. Bisset," said tho marquis. 44 1 resign tbo management of tho matter into yout bandF." nia lordship showed his guests their room?, and a litilo later luncheon was announced. Miss Monk did. not appear at table, but Gilbert camo in, boyish of aspect, with a jovial emtio- on ids swarthy face, and a great affectation of light- hcarteducBS in his uinnncr. Obotvvynd introduced bis step-brother, to his distingnlrhcd guest, and -to tho de tect ivo olficor; Moils -greeted them cour teously; ' . Mr. Birscthnd resumed his drawl. and tho' use of his cyc'gIfiB3, :He appeared to. Monk; a.morc'dandy, whdso skill in his profession was a matter of doubt, and Monk concolved a'grcat contcmpt for lilm. ; " Of courso, Mr. Bisset," /'said Monk, at an early patiso ih theconv(JrsalloD,'spcaking with a-pljght tiogo of superiority in his manner, as to a social inferior, 14 ypn havo beard all about Lady Obctwynd's spectre ? You aro tbo gentleman from Scotland Yard, f take it, as Mr. Tempest is well known to everybody, by namo at least; as the great traveller and explorer. Chetwjnd Park, although one of the grandi6t residences in' England, has hitherto lucked that crowning charm— an aiithcLtlc-ghost. The deficiency uppcers to be supplied -at last, and tho . Park may fairly be said to be haunted ? ' The flippancy of this address, nnd the olf- Ifand illusion to Lady Glictwyrd, whoso namp tho mmquis could not vct hear with out ; pain, surprised and disgusted Monk's listtners. ; Ho had meant to seem fcoylsb and though! l'.'S3,but he had in reality appeared coa'rse'and licartlecs. .V 'rPerhnns vou can eIvq mo uomb Informa- lion, Mr; Monk," said the detective, quietly. ,4L>rd. Ohetwynd. tells mn that, yon were atnndiug.in tho doorway of the conservatory .looking out upon the unnlcn upon tho 'first night of:;the flpcctro'a appearance, Mr. Monk,, rind, jet you say ycu saw nothing ofher.'"' ; \ Nothing .w1la!'over.', JuBt then ibo bullar-ppened tho door, and 'came in with a; yellow- envelope upon tho- salvcrjv which ho presented to Mr,, Monk, saying, apblcBcllcally: , 44 A telegram, sir; which a: mounted mes senger has .just'" brought over; froni East bourne, and flrfys ia to bo delivered, imme diate, sir." - . ' , ; Monk took up; the cnvelopo nnd toro it open -/-v- It was dated ntV London .that very morn- . lug, and had been delivered, with commend nbln promptness) V It was brlofj containing these words:. . ; 41 Tho runaway cllenthns turned op.; ' No harm has been done; All fs woU. Thu client will bohcld until you como;V"You can take your own time. : Tlio client not being well, cannot ho removed under.a.wcck, And in' the meantime you con fcol assurcd that all is safe. V S00T311Y & NflWilAN.". . Monk read the' mesingo. twice, . It was from Elnck, his trusted confederate', os: ho well know. Tho form of tho message lie had himself dictated beforehand, in view of.this emergency. He comnrchemtod its meaning, Bernico was safe in the hands of Eiack nnd, Mrs. Crowl. \ . An evil \>y and exultation flamed up. Into Ids swarthy face, and. an evil gleam' lighted up h!s amnil, hlaek oyrs. Sifol Safe I IIo could defy old ltagco "and her hntred bf Ladv Olictwyn'd now. Ifo could defy Bisset and all Scotland Yard. Bemice .«! 1.1a BKiiraf. itioro S'lff t . . - ' \- palming bluasclf by.,ah effort, bo said to tiio butler: , . :-44Thero's no answer, Herca a half- sovereign for tbo messenger. Bend him to thu Cbetwynd. Inn to bait his horso, and tell him to havo the bill charged to me. That's all;4'- . Ho gavotho butler a gold plcco, and that functionary departed Then for the third lime Mouk read lim letter exultantly. 'Ho looked up atiastwiUi a sense of uneasiucss, to find;Bis8et looking carelessly toward blm) ' 44 Havo you good news, Gilbert ?'' asked Lord Ohetwynd, Y( 44 Excellent nevrn, my lord,' It's a tele- grnm from Scotaby & Newman, nnd'on business, too. It announces simply tiint, a littlo ppccnlation I entered into n whilo sinco has turned out a success. w And of courso I'm rejoiced, . One so i'rapc'cunlnus as I am can afford to laugh even at Bmall suo- CCMynkcrnmplcil up hia telofirom, thrust it in his pocket, and then gave himself up. to a few mlhntcs' muditntlon; ' Ho did hotdccm ltiwUo' tb proceed im mediately to Lohdon. - Ifp.drsiird to.wntch. thu movements:of,tho detective oniucr.aud todivert hiiio, iQ-ossiblc, fromany approach toihe tjuth. .lto feared that bis departure on tho very-day -orpincta arrival might draw tho attention of tho officer upuri tiim- j self. As Bernico was safe in tho hands of his allies, and not well enough to bo ' removed to Mawr Castle, jio could afford to woit a week before going on to see her. He felt it necessary to communicato with Flack and Mrs. Growl immediately, aud no secretly as possible, - a, Accordingly, directly after Innrbcon, ho went to bis own room to write a letter to lib tonfcdcrntes. \- Bisset excused hlmsdf, and wandered away by himself , Lord Ohetwynd ordered ouh a p..ir of thoroughbreds, nnd with Tempest went out for a swift gallop through the park nnd over the estate. . Sjaic two hours afterward Cbetwynd and Tempest rode slowly through the vlllngo cf Chetwynd-by-Ben, nr. -J ascended tho bill that led to tlio park. In advance of them a slender, gentlemanly figure was walking slowly, twirling in one gloved band a small cpoc, or walking-stick, aud smoking n cigar,. 44 ltinMr. Bis3ct,"snld Tempest'; 14 He's been down !o tho village." . 44 What caii he hope to discover by a "Visit at tho village Inn 7" said Ohetwynd. . "He knows his own business, I suppo, bow- ever. 1 fancy that foppishness of his is a Ciosk bo likes to wear because bis real nature, which he hides beneath it, is so different." .At Ibis moment Bisset, who was still in odvanco of tho riders, paused r.t tho small lower gate of tbo park, and looked in. Gil bert Monk wqb In tbo very net of opciiing- tho gate, having a letter in. his band, which !m was couvc.ving to Cbetwynd himself, instead of intrusting it, as was customary, to tho butler and tbo . post-' bag, Bisset stepped back, raising his lint to Monk, wbo thrust his letter in bis pocket and camo out, securing tho goto behind him. At this juncturo Lord Ohetwynd and Mr. Tcmpcet came up, and rciood in their horses. 14 1 seo that you havo been over to Ohetwynd, Mr. Bisset," said tho' mnrquis, 41 1 fear I did not mako it plain to you that the mystery of tho spcctro is known to but n very few, and no ono outside tho Park, ex cepting Doctor Ilariright, of Eastbourne, the Ohetwynd rector, and my bailiff. You won't get soy light upon the matter in the village." " I beg leavo to differ with your lord ship," said Bisset, respectfully. 44 1 have obtained Ugbt upon tbo mystery even io tbo village," Tho three gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. "I'm afraid you'vo permitted yourself to bo Imposed npon, sir," said Monk, with a sneer. " You would do hotter to concenirato your attentions upon the house maids, 44 Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. Ho raised bis hat, and -moving nsfdo out of Monk's path, passed on. Monk went bis way toward tho villngo, "nod Ohetwynd and Tempest cantorcd on towArd tbo Pork. Tticro was a strange smile nn tho Dun dreary face of tho dctcctivo officer. as ho daintily picked Ids way, nnd proceeded slowly in tho direction the marquis aud the explorer bad gone. 44 How Mr. Monk does despise me, to be sure," bo said to himself. 44 Ho thinks me h fop cf tho first water, a regular swell, you know. But about this mystery — my in terest In it grows upon me. 1 have not lost time since I camo ; of that I'm ccilrun. And I think 1'yo gained something likon cluo that will lend mo to success, .Tom Bisset isn't, in Ins dotneo. yct.V . . c, whistfing fl6ftiy't Idm'solf, ho passed in ht tbojodgo gates and sauntered' slowly, tip tho riverine toward "tho mansion, Miss Monk, woo walkiog;lo end : fro . on tho mnrblo terrace, as was her daily custom. ' .Bisaot. suspected her identity at once, and strpplng back Irito a deeper shadow caused . by tho tree alio Btopped to regard her. . CHAPTER XXV.- A'VEXATIOOS'IKTnUDBa. ; Entirely unconscious of tlio keen regards of tbo dctcctivo officer, Miss Monk, con tinued to walk to arid fro upon tho mnrblo tcrmco, iu tbe sbndow cast .by tho great boose.-, Miss Monk wrisnot hrippy. A imnntlng dread brooded upon lirr sou by. niglit'nud day. Never for one moment did sho feel safe; And now her disquiet was iricrenscd by thoughis of tlio now arrivals at Ohct- wynd Pnrki and moro . particularly, of tbe detective cfficcr. . " 44 If it.wcro not that Bernico lives and io at tho.'Park— whero clsu ean. sho be ?r-I could defy even hini," she thought. !4 Does Gilbert mean to lot this.doteotivo spy out his secret and Lady Obetwynd's identity? I supposo ho is not used to dino at a gentle- man's tablo," nnd I sboU fairly dnzale'hira with my beauty and splendor, I think I may ob well be civil to tho fellow, although I.wondcr at Roy's democratic why, in treat- ing him ns a guest, I should Hko to meet tho fellow befdro' dinner, and. b'eforo this great explorer, Tempest, appears,- to claim niy chief attention.''' -Foituno, as uauaieemediricllncdto favor -Miss MonV; ' -: l'lic dctcclivo, officer, Imving studiod tho lady from afar sufficiently, now" emerged from tho shadow of- thoavemfo. limes and approached tho terraco at hri easy, saunter ing pace, swinging his light, gold-mounted walking stick, in ono gloved- hnnd,. and twirling tho curled ends- cf his ecentt'd moustnchc in the other. IIo woro his gold- framed eyeglasses, his tall silk hat, a dainty blue scarf with q hugo diamond glittering upon it like a raln drop in the sunshine, and tis fashionably mado garments were worn with ;tbo air of a Itugcnt street 44 swell." This ilia detculivo I Miss Monk know in- stihetiyoly ibnt ho was tbo detective, and iiot Mr. Tempest or a chnnco visitor, and her Hps'curlcd in n contempt no strong and keen as Gilbert Monk ontertniucd for him. v " 44Ho a detective I!' sho said to herself. 41 lie's a doll— a mero figurehead, in love with himself. ' Or he's an amateur, sent to try bis band bero and to lcnru hls business. Aobild could Uoodwiok bim I" Still wltli tbat contemptuous srallo on hor-faco; Miss Monk continued her slow walk.". \- Mr- Bisset canio up, meeting her squarely, and so arrested- her steps, while he rnissd his lmt, and roaao bcr a. Ohesterfieldian bow. 44 1 havo the nlqasurojand. honor of ad- droseing Miss Monk, I bclieve," snld tho detective, in his courtly manner, withva- fnshionablo drawl; . , Miss Monk drew- herself up -super ciliously, ..and eyed bim ;witb n haughty stare., 44 l am Miss Monk," sho said, coldly. 11 You have tbo advatitagcof mo.eir. I do not know who you are/' Mr. Bisset appeared in no way abashed at thl& repulse. Ho hastened to say, suavely : 44 1 am Mr. Bisset, , Lord y Ohctwynd's ghost. Miss Monk." . . 14 The policeman ? ' said tho lady. 44 Ah I I supposo I should have said, the detective. I'm sure I beg your pardon; You detectives aro tbo aristocrats of the polico force, as I understand It. No one would tnko you for a detective, Mr. Bisset," she added, raoro graciously.. 44 You luok like a gentleman." 41 1 am a gentleman, both by birth and breeding, "'Miss Monk," said tho olficor, quietly j 44 but, unfortunately, money docs not always accompany gentle . blood. . It became necessary for mo to Bupport myself, and I chose my present profession: from- 'sheer love of It, .Nature, intended „mo for. my present place, and I fiod a great delight inH/V I 44 Still, you must now ami then find your self bntlled/'-snid Mr.-i. Munk, graciously, yet considering, tho officer an in.suftciablo cgut!8t. 41 1 suppose,: now, Mr. Bisset— Is that tho namo?— that in all your profes sional experience - you urcro never called upon in a- case similar to this! Until the night bcforo lnat wo have believed Lord Ohetwynd to 'be a, 'bypuclioiuliinc— Hie. victim of a preposterous ilittzion or delusion. But now, of course, we know him to be the dupe or prey' of some designing woman, who presumes nponjicr resemblance to thu late Lady Obotwynd to play spectre. The Ecrap of laco torn from the woman's sleeve ohnws clearly that ;it is no spcc'.ru, hut an actual woman. Sho may have pnrprsety allowed him to catch her sleeve the other night. Sho may .intend to suffer him to cBsp her form ncxt'timF. People woik out thdr .plans by Btrangq ways umolimcs. And. Ohetwynd I'ark is a grand prize to work for." And Miss Monk's gnzo turned tnward tho house, and swejn, f»ver the park and fields and farms spread before her like a picture, 44 It is indcod a glorious prize," said the dctcctivo, but h!s gnze dwelt upon Miss Monk, and not upon tbe scene around him. -Ho who' regarding her with singular aud flattering iutcntncFs. 8ie turned hor half- averted faco with tbo swiftness of a serpent, and os silently, and sbs met the full, adroliing gaze of Mr. Bisset fixed upon her. ITo did not givo her time, to speak, eaying, in his drawliog voice : 44 As yon are so interested in the discovery of lbis mocl: spectre, Miss Monk, I know .you will lend mo. oil nESislanne in your power In ray search for her. Can you give moan accurato description of hciself nnd hcrdrBS?" \- 44 1 mnst refer you to Lord Ohetwynd for information in thosa points, sir. I havo never see the woman," asserted Miss Munk, adhering to_ her original denial, and with out suspicion that her brother had dc ciared that sho had seen tho supposed spcctio, but bad feared to own to lite fact, lest she rbonld strengthen Lord Chctwynd's supposed delusion. Mr. Bissct's careless eyes began to concentrate their gaze upon tho young lady. Pardon mo," he said ; 14 but did yon not seo tbo supposed spectre, either on it's first or last appearance?" Miss Monk replied in the nccritlvo. "But Mr; Monk says you did see her," ho replied, coolly. Sylvia's faco darkened, and a savage glitter brightened her eyes. 14 Did ho say tbat?" she asked, in a hissing voice. 44 Ho did. He told Lord Ohetwynd that you had seen the spectre on each occasion," said the detective, coolly. Tbo savage look on Miss Monk's faco deepened. She crested her black brad like a serpent about to dart upon its prey. Her breath camo quick and hard, ffcr suspicion that Gilbert was playing against her sucuicd to receive additional confirmation. For tho moment sho hated her brother with n deadly hatred, such ns inust havo onco filled the soul of the firat murderer. She shivered alittlc, drew hcrcloak ciosnr nround her, nnd resumed her slow walk, Mr. Bisset krepin j pace beside her. They bad taken but a turn or two when the old EHst Indian woman Rupee enme out of the 1» n o and strided swiftly toward them, with nn Indian scarf thrown nurovii her arm, Mr, Bisset wntchcd-hcr approach through his eye-glass. 44 An odd person to find in prosaic Eng land, Miss Monk,4' he said, 44 Sho looks like a figuroriut of tlur Arablnn Nights." , u Sho is oqly my old aynb, whom Tbrought with mo from India," said the young lady". , 44 She nursed mo in my infancy,- and is de voted tome." 7 \ :-v Baged enmo up at this juncturo and pre sented the scarf to her mistress, begging; her. to throw It over her head, lest she should take cold.- Sylvia complied with tho ro- qucst. The Hindoo woman cast n distrust ful glanco at - tho dctcctivo officer, and said, in a. low voice, in tho Hindostanco tongue: ; - . . 7 44 Beware, Missy. Tlio butler but just told mo that this Is tho dctcctivo, I made nn ex cuse to como nnd worn you. IIo will try to worm out of, you contradictory sayings. I like him not. - Ho is.not what he seems. I am afraid of Idin." . : . 7 Miss Monk Innghed, and the Hindoo woman Tclnctnnlly retired.' : Thero'.wns a clond on hfcr dusky brow; nrid.nri anxious look in hor eyes, as sho retreated' to the bouso. Some instinct warned her. that this fair, foppish little fellow, with Ids affectations, his (-yo- glafR, and Ids drawling iiccent, was mere to. bo fr- ared than any othor. , 44 My. ayah is a good old roul," said Miss Monk, In English,' addressing, Mr, Bisiet, 41 but shu. seems to .tlifnk'mo a rbdicato In- valid who mnst bccossete-l continually. She speaks little Englisfa,'.bht usitnlly addresses me in her own tongue,' 7 The Hindostanco is as Bwcct aud' inetiifiuousds lionoyul winai All she had to say to mo was, that I must guard against this insidious bcq breeze, and to femind me of ail illness it once caused me, but you hoard-how the words rolled off her tonguo in music, Ah, thp Hiudostanco is sweet to, toy ears. Its words woro tbo first my baby tongue lipped, and I supposo I shall epenk it lnsfc of ail." Sfio sighed, scritimbntally, and her eyes gazed full Into the detective's face; "The Hindoslarico tdngiiQ. is- mellifluoas, ns you. say, Miss Monk,? ho remarked, . 44 1 like it. Tho HiridostaricoV wns the1 first languago I ever spoko); for, liko you. I woa born In India, bnd' a. nativb nurse, and. niy mother died iff ;-my-: firsk year of my ,iiff."' :'. - :-v;- Miss Monk's dark face paled; 44 Yoii — you undpfstand Hindostarioe; then ?" she said. ' ; 44 Very well Indeed," answered tho officer, coolly. "I lived In India until. I was ten years-old, , On reaching my majority, I went back to look after some property loft me by. my father, and 1 remained '.thorp some fivo years, studying, tho .langungo;. rind the. people/', - ; ..-V. ; 1 7. . . kliss Monk listened to this relevritton In a dead silence. She comprolicndccl . tlmt-tbo officer had heard' and uridcrstoqd. lUagoo's: ;warnirig word?, and ringer 7.;rind /.fear struggled toge'tlier in her brrinst for the mastery., ; " » 44 T mast say,1 she declared, 'after a priuSfVi 44 that your' conduct in listening, to my ayah's private coramunicatiou to mo is riot what 1 consider bpnorablo." 4|I roiglit retort that it is not -considered good-breeding to use a foreign languago be- fore psoplc who are bolicvcd not to under- a tana . It.'1 "Isaid the dutrctlve. uood- hurooredly. ' 44 But, Miss Monk, no. advan tage will botakon of y»ur ayah's, warning against me. Her swords are of little consc- acqtienco either way. I had come' to several 'conclusions, before she appeared, ;niul ' her words did not affect those conclusions. Par don mo for having intraded upon you for so long n tlmo, nnd accept my thanks for tbo assistance you havo rendered mo. . I will now join Lord Cbetwynd and his dis? Unfinished guest " Ho raised his hat again with languid grace, walked away toward the liouso, nnd made bis way to- tlio grand old library. Lord Chctwyud and Mr, Tempest woro orated at one of the tables poring over map of China and Tartary. They looked up nt Bissot's entrance. 44 Oomc In, Mr. Bisset," raid tlio mnrquis, with tho courtesy that distinguished him. ' I hnvc not now coma to interrupt your visit with Mr, Tempest, but to ask you to plnoc n saddle-horse at my disposal. I dcoiro to absent myself upon this business for some hours. I may not bo back until to morrow morning." "Tako your own. lime, Mr. BiBpet," re sponded tho marquia, 44 Como and go nt pleasure. Hero is n night-key wliich you requested. I shall order ono of my favorite horses to bo saddled immcdiatelv; and it hall bo yours while you stay hero," L>rd Cbetwynd rang tho bell and gave the | requisite order. Mr. Bisset waited until a servant announced that tho horse was in wnitinp, and then took his leave, mounted, and rode down tbo avenue just ns Miss Monk approncbcd'thc liouso. He raised liis bat to her respectfully, nnd rode on. In a few minutes lie- bad paused out of tho lodge gates, and .was on his way to the viliago cf ! Chctw.snd-by-Sen, Mr) Bisset did not stop ninny minutes at tlio village. He rodo Into -tho ton stable yard, aud had a brief intcrviow.wUh'astabh toy, rind then rodo out again and. pushed oil to Eastbourne. Ho had secured tho ad dress of the flyman who had brought Bernico over to Cbetwynd vllligo, upon her lost visit to tbe 1'ark. On arriving at K.ibU hottriiu be sought out this flyman, Ifo found the man communicative. In reply to his chum qursllor.3 ho learned that a young veiled lady had hired tho fly in question on the previous Thursday night, mi tlio nrrlvrl of tho down express, ShoMmd arrived ' that train. The driver had not seen her face. ' Sho was slender, a mero Blip vt a girl, in fact, «itli a sweet low voice, a grace ful step, and a gentle, refined manner, Tho flymnn was ready to swenr that sh( was a lady. She hired bim to tako her to Jhct- wynd-by son, and .wait for her there two hours, ogrcciog to return wlUi him. He was not a man to task his bensb for so long a drive at night without getting a doubto fare. Ho drove tho lady to Ohetwynd vil lage. At tin top of the street she had got out, bidding him drive on to tho Inn nnd wait for hor there. That was' the last he had seen of her. 44 They say sho meant to glvo you the slip," said Hissct, artfully ; 44 that she is a fnrmct'o daughter living out Ohetwynd war, and offered you tbe return fare as n bait.4' 44 She's no farmer's daughter," said tho fly man, doggedly. I'll swear to that. Why, she carried herself na proud as a queen. You could see she was used to servants. And she didn't off -r me tbo return faro as a bait neither, Shu was a true lady, above lying, I'll be bound." No further information was to bo obtained from tbo flyman, hut Mr. Bissst did not ap pear dissatisfied. Ho gave tho man another shilling, and said : 14 What's tbo next station tbat tho express stops nt ?" Tho flyman informed 1dm, nnd the officer rodo away, etriking out briskly over tho pleasant Susses road on Ms way to Nuns- gate. In trss than nn huur ho rode up to tho littlo country station at which Bernico Imd booked herself for London. A train was txncclcd nrcicntlr. and tho ticket agent eat in his ofllco at tho open window. Mr. Bisset left his borrft in charge of a lounger, nnd then went up to tbo ticket agent, 11 Where to, sir?" Bald the agent, briskly, as the detective's faco darkened tho win dow. u Nowhere In particular,'- replied tho of ficer, good-naturedly. 41 II.v70 a cigar, sir ? I wish to tnko tho liberty to make nn in quiry which you may bo able to answer. YcBtcrday morning n young lady went up to Londoa nlono by train, nnd I nm uneasy about )hcr. To tell you the truth, sir, 6ho went n'way quite secretly. Did sho go from this station?— a young lady dn wed In gray, with a doub'ed gray veil, and a grey hat ana foathcr." The ticket agent accepted the cigar, ami . responded : 4 Tb-.ro was such a young lady at this station early yesterday morning, sir, I did : not seo tier face, it being bidden by tho veil. Sho seemed to mo as if sho had ' walked long, and; was tired out;-, Sho went rip first- class, indiea4'. reach, to London. Wasit ri runaway, sir?" 1 r - . 41 Something Hko thnt," smiled Mr. Bisset, 44 Thanks. I r m quito shlhfied," IIo- returned, to Ills horse, mounted, and set out on his .'return to Ohetwynd Park; ... "T- 7 ' v r>; 4l My business is concluded sooner thnn l expected," lie mused. 4<I ShnlFbo back In lime tb.djrcss for dinner. My excursion has been ri success. . Tho 4 spcctro ' went up to London, 4 First-class.' A lady cvldontly. 4 Ladles coach/ . Modest, I should say," and : the dctcctivo smiled. He returned to- Ohetwynd Farkf'nrrmng In time to dress fur dinner. - Faultlessly equipped .In drnss coat, white cravat, .em broidered shirt front nnd fine jewels, and wearing his cyc-glassi ho descended to tho drawing-room. . After diimcr the party relnnicd to tho. drawing room, Coffee was - drank. Mbs Monk played n brilliant opefatlo composi tion, nnd sang also. Mr. Tempest. was in: duced to rehearse some of -his advcnluro in foreign climes.. Tho evening slipped away Dlensantlv. . . ' . ' . At cloven o'clock Miss Mouk. ; re tired) and soon after Gilbert Monk, yawning over a ttory nf life and ndventure, and as anxious for nu interview with ;his Bister as sho was- nrixiuas .for an .intervlow with him, also -said god nlght and re tired. Mr." .'Tempest aroso to follow their /ex ample;:;., ' ; 44 Bo- good: enough - to . remain ft few moments; sir, "/sold tho dotp'ctivo). quietly. 44 1 havo Bomotbing to say to Lord Ohetwynd, nnd I believe his lordship has admitted you, 'Mr. Tempest) Into his counsels;"/'- Lrtrd Olietwynd nsscritod;. Bisset went to tho door, walking npon _ bis toe?, nnd listened,: I to locked the door and; re- turned, 4I I havo ascertained, my lord," ho said, in .-a., business, mrinnor,, that tbo 4 aprctro ' of Ohptwyrid Park nrrived from. London, at ICnstbourno, on Tuesday night, Bho drovo over to Ghctwynd<by-8ea in a fly, promising to go back sonic two hours later la the same vehicle. Becoming frightened at her near discovery by yoiir. lordship, she did riot go back in tbe fly, but walked to Nunsgato, whore sho took, yesterday morning,, tho up- cxpicss for London. Sho was riloue through- out, hnving no confedernfc?, Sho Is young, well-bred,- a lady, and wns dressed In gray, and woro a double veil of gray grcna- ,divie.,> ; ' / Lord Ohetwynd- and Mr. Tempest were riliko. surprised nt lhis storo of information gained in such a short period, / 44 1 havo reason to bclievo that tho. young lady has ft den in - Ui1b : liouso, or confcde- rates," continued Mr. Bisset, 44 For reasons of my own, 1 Innllno to tbo former theory.. I.bcliovo tlmt this 4 spccfre,' does not carry, to and fro her . white silk grave gown, but leaves it hero for pro as wanted. . Sho cer tainly changes bcr dress nftcr. hor arrival hero, and before sho eocs. Tho voitnrr woman who catpe to Ensthourrio clad in gray, nnd went awri'ytroni Nurisgaluclad in gray, nro tbo snino : nnd 1 know to my own satis faction, that sho is the 4 spectre/ Now sho must havo a drcaiing-room somowhero. She knows tho bouso; as is proved by.bcr ap- pcaraueo in your lordshn/a room. Site would naturally hnvc her dressing-room in. this housn, rind ns lonely n room as could bo obtained, I desire to examine the garrets, niy lord, and to bo accompanied by your lordship and Mr. Tempest only. Can we go up to them unseen?" Ohetwynd replied In tho nflirmnUvo, rang for tho butler, nnd ordered candles, which wero brpught and placed on tho hall table. ... 44 Wo will.'go now, If yon choose, Mr. Bis set," paid tlx) marquis, ; 41 Tho liousc is still. Iam impatient to learn if your theory is correct in etery point, and also to examino the whilo robe, if it ho in the houso, I shnil know if it be tho ono my wifo wore, if wo rcnlly find it." Come." IIo brought in tho candles and lighted them. Then ho led the way up by private, slabs to the gaircta, Mr, Tempest and Mr. Bisset 'following Uim,'- Both his lordship and tho explorer wero anxious, trembling, excited, but Oiesct was calm and unmoved, ns ono who hmrchcs on to a certain Tlcto Ty,rQfcCMfMtcd) \ 