THE DELIGHT OF IDLENESS. (V. ANDERSON GRAHAM in Macmillan's Magazine. ) If there is any type of man I fear, it is Carlyle's favourite llamm Doss, "with lire in his belly." Unmeta phored I grant him to be a fit object for philosphic admiration-a person of vigour, bustle, energy, and other virile qualities to which the professed idler lays no claim. If I do not love the self-made millionaire whose fortune was founded on the half-crown he brought to town with him as a boy, it is neither because of his ignorance which suits me, nor his snobbishness which is amus- ing, nor from nny other of the charac- teristics that make him an aversion of cultivated people. It is exclusively on account of that same fire in his belly that purpose and energy which distin- guish him from the rest. Essentially, and with only a slight variation of gift, he belongs to the same class as the heaveu-born artist who on his first slate made a caricature of his nurse ; as the poet who rhymed jam to liam before he could cat them ; as the novelist who romanced to his uncle while still in short clothes ; in n word, as all those whose missions date from the eimile. The whole of them ai c looped together by the same characteristic. In it you have the origin of the mnn of mark ; and whether he works with paint or soap, rhymes or plots, he is equally offensive to the lover of a quiet pro- gress through life. The matchless charm of the might-have-been is dearer to me than any joy in mere accomplish- ment. Of the fortune which is made, the book which is written, the picture which is painted, there is an end so far as personal interest goss. It hos emerged from the liaze of the contem- plated and taken a clear, definite out- line ; the romance of possibility has gone from it. But that viiiefa is un- done supplies lasting food to tho imagination. It is pleasanter to sit by one's own fireside of a winter's night and dissect the latest financial project by which an always-unfortunate, always hopeful neighbour is prepared to lose I another slice of his fortune, than to follow a bragging, smug-faced, successful man about, as with an insinuated boast he shows in turn his furniture, his pictures, his horses, and all his other damning proofs of having lived in direct opposition to the ideal life. And surely to loiter in a woody lane on a summer afternoon and listen to a young poet describing the never-to-be-printed tragedy by which he hopes to electrify London, until you are almost infected with his enthusiasm, is more like Veal poetry than to stand before an author's book-case and number row upon row of the books by which he has achieved fame. Until the crash actually comes, you have the pleasure of hoping that your neighbour's long ill-luck is at last to tum ; and until the young poet be- comes disgusted with the return of his manuscripts and gets into a place in the city, it is a delight to sit on the willow-stump by the river and share his dreams. Do not be like the foolish ones who fear to have a pet lest it die and they sorrow; before the climax comes other aspirants claiming your sympathy will have dulled your belief in their predecessor. Nothing leads more inevitably to a doleful talk than to be asked to discuss any actual or practical idea. It makes one feel as if in a cage. Should imagination flutter a wing it is but to dash it against some iron bar of possibility, and every ex- cursion of whim or fancy is arrested by thc auditor's stern concentration on the workable. But to enter with zest and seriousness into the consideration of an impossible project is to afford scope to all the light artillery of the mind. Any fanciful suggestion, any wild notion or odd paradox, lightly put forward with an " if," may provisionally be dis- cussed without the "if," till, when drained of entertaining matter, the " if " is brought back to life as an executioner. A frolic mood has full scape where business intent is luxu- riously absent, and it is absolutely of no consequence what anybody says. Of all talkers the most amusing is the hero of the unaccomplished. What one prizes most in the country, there- fore, is the excellent society it affords. I am not a poet, so that nature is not meant ; neither the brown hills which thc sun kisses at bedtime, nor the winds crooning among the elms and lamenting on the waste, nor the swallows which nest in the window nooks, nor the robins which come to be fed, nor, indeed, any of the other phenomena whose chief use seems to be for the ornamentation of modern prose. In town the men are what the superior newspapers call accomplished facts. It is not only that the sight of so much crystallised industry disturbs the tran- quillity of an idler, and almost stimu- lates him to the exertion lie abhors, but when people have adjusted themselves to their tasks and given an adequate taste of their quality, the interest for ever has gone from them. It is the untried racor, the youth whoso work is not yet begun nnd whose power is an unknown quantity, who gives a fillip to surmise and speculation. To dream the dreams of an ambitious boy, to see in imagination the beardless writer of an epic (in manuscript) laurelled and famous, to single out some village raga- muffin as a Whittington : or, in another mood, when more active employment is desired, to prefigure the downfall of their cioud-cnstles, and watch with the mind's eye tho bubble reputation glitter- ing far above them, is pleasanter than any show of celebrities. Sn soon as thc time for seeing visions on your own account is over-in other words, when you have attained sense-there is nt sweeter way of spending n sunny after noon than to sit on the pole of a faller tree under a dome of green, and cnsl golden horoscopes for your friends weaving romances which will never sci Muâie's, and walebing ¡i ilrimin player in a theatre of your own building, mu like some recent plays, huting ai I adjustable ending tragic or comic, as the state of your peptics may dictate. As one generation treads close on the heels of another the characters come trooping; to you without the trouble of invention, and while the years are checking one set of forcasts you muy be busy fashion- ing others. If anyone asks what is the ultimate gain, reply that there is no 6uch word as gain in your vocabulary,, that you prefer to be a hero of the Un- accomplished, that you have row upon, row of books in dreamland, and that there is no reviewer so keen as Time.. If one ventures to remark that country life is favourable for study, half.u dozen, quotidian persons take it as a common- place. Says the fatuous imitator of: Jefferies with his dull nod and hit: customary catalogue ; " Ah, yes, one has nature nt first hand there. I lie in n field of yellow broom. Below, in the valley, a ragged bare-legged boy is gud dling trout in the stony burn. A cushat is sweetly cooing from the pines on the slope. From an oak beside me to the decayed elm in the next field the cuckoo flies ringing his clear note. A white-throated ousel skims down the stream and alights on a boulder. Near the burn-side a wagtail runs and flutters and hops. On the mountain- top a fresli breeze is wreathing the mist into waving veils and spirals," ¿c., ¿.c., ic., ad infinitum. It is a whole- some exercise to lie in early summer at a sunny dyke-back and hear thc lambs bleat, and the birds wliistle, and the cattle low, and the ploughman's cheery voice as his strong team come smartly up to the hedge ; but even a lazy man scruples to call it studying Nature, and why men should write or read lists of these miscellaneous sounds and sights it were hard to determine. There is no more fatal distraction of one's thoughts in the country than a curiosity about natural history. To enjoy it thoroughly one must resolutely determine to take no thought of what is passing around. If a man feels under any moral obliga- tion to observe every weasel which goes in chase of a rabbit, if the appearance t»f a strange bird sends him home to c'«nsult a work on ornithology, if a kestrel questing a field-mouse excites him,- it will be better that he should take an early train homewards. Thc eonti. luity of his ideas is liable to f roctu re a* the most interesting moment. My mo 6* delicious reveries come to me at even t'de when the river gleams in the mc «»light and the full-leaved willow-bu 6U >s 'ike a green fountain in play ; but what would become of them if I had a burning anxiety labout every warbler wli >ch twittered late in the sedges, if t be humming of a beetle made me wi *h to catch it, if I ever asked, Was i '¡ha* the barn-owl which shrieked ? No w 's tt prime essential -not only to s "^y even to rural enjoyment-that ' y°u bave but a nega- tive love of na. *'ura' history, that it (should consist in tne absence of »ny dislike to country sights and sounds. For example, there is *>? certain house where I love to be ¡ done, but which is unbearable with cornj »°ny- Owing to an easily explained eau se> tuo wmd & always singing mourn tunes at its door. Look out nt t. <le ««»dows and you will see why-wot everywhere, and the heights all roum 1 fringed with a row of pines. So e verybody who comes is asked to take note' °* tne desolate moaning which i tevec-ceases, but swells in storm to a raxing howl and sinks in calm to the soft «*. MghiBg Now, if others are present, a. ^ particu- larly when my attention is di »*»ito it, the wind comes laden with d redness. Waste places over which it ha 8 Mown rise up in imagination ; usele. ,s *°rce and matter seem piping their In IU*nt:a tion in it ; .if many people aro t, numbs and disheartens one like a of hopelessness. And to hear i v Jf" called lover of Natur posing ns a c. ^c of Nature's sorrow ! But alone i not consciously listening, the ccasch iBS accompaniment played upon the pit ie trees weaves itself into dream nm \ fancy ; pipe after pipe is lit nud smoked . ' while an endless procession of figures in shadowland pass by-dead and living, real and imaginary, jostling one another in this land where all are on equal footing. Yet if one wore to say, How sadly the wind sounds to-night !_ the spell is broken. Presto! like a troop of ghosts at daybreak, like a flock of conies nt a gunshot, they have all fled. To hear and not to know you are hearing, to see and be unconscious of sight, is the only way to taste the delicious influence of Nature. 