ON THE WARPATH. -15y Tomauawk.1 | Tuiahawk, ctcr kccjnng i-rinvi|tji'jj in liis mind, Tomahawks 1lic tJwuas of human land. \- ' tSrfcWTATDL.' — I'm with you, old man, 1 don't blame officials lor filing along the river of life piddling their owu canoe as they iiiarii well like. It's a kiud of J&lcn; for them, ami you really can't Fay that you s-ay a* word 41 agin' the man for avoiding a manure depot, surely. Would you go there it you could help it without a bottle of old Jamaica and half a dozen tins of disinfectant? ??Bill Tim ISiddlkc.' — Your clear as mud problem is too much for my brain jmn to solve all at -mee. You ask me if *' Q,.J' ? says, pointing to a Uaub on the wall — Friends and beer drinkers I have in plenty, and that daub ou tlie damp bricks was my grandfather's ghost, who was iny mother's wife of my father'* sua s grandfather * ' I give it up like the other donkey did, and ask, as a favor iu mine old age. that you will not give me so much all, all at once, to digest this cold weather. Scud along the cordial next time. JVlioe's curaeoa.' 41 Bunyh'.' — Yes, l'rti like the 'Staud- liard,' I want winding up, bad. This 'organ of truth ' is all but defuuet, so says poor ** Tribulation,' wot's got 'cm bad over cutting its teeth. So nm I. I'm ou the verge of defonctaess, so I ib ? It's nil off ing to the medicine thvy give u»c ; it ousts '»l.t but it gives me the ?'jumps,' and *'jim jams,' and therefore a good wind up wouldn't hurt yours truly. Wait, my liouey, till the ' Sweet bye and bye.' We, that is ' Tbc truthful organ ' aud myself, might liavc occasion to show 'cm we arc very much wouud up to go it. Until thou, adieu. 41 SrKCULATuli.' — The true meaning of the word iu your ease is, you put so much into aa ** or^an aud you -iou't gi-t su much oufc Your dividend, as tlie result of your little sncc. i» that 'C'lmrcJi offjio,' -dta * ?* Tribute,' with a con as a prefix, will be awfully large as to take a lorry and two of Morlcy'u horses to take it home, If you get it in gold you will require a box dray. If iu notes, aud this 1 think the nearest ap proach, why you will waut a liank of Eng land to bold 'em. Do rccognisc your poor friends, like poor. old Tommyhack, aud give him a trifle out of your abundant^ 1 live at «he old address — Big drain pipe, white streak on side, near lagoon. I get no divi dend, and tills cold wet weather a drop of mcdicine might have a soothing effect. 