AUNT BATES. "One day," Aunt Bates continued, "as I was on my way to school I met such a handsome young gentleman on horseback. He looked at me fixedly, and after he had passed he kept turn- ing around to get one more glance. After this I often met him, and one day, when I dropped my satchel of books, he leaped from his noble horse and handed it back to me, with a courtly bow. This led to an acquaintance that ripened into an engagement— with the full consent of my parents, honey. "His name was Harcourt de Per- cival. He wrote the most beautiful poems, and he would bring them to me and we would read them together. But he got a brain fever and died. For two years I mourned him as a widow ; but, one day the servant come and told me a gentleman wanted to see me. As I entered the room, I nearly fell in a faint, for I thought that Harcourt de Percival stood before me. For a moment he stood transfixed with admiration of my beauty—" Here Kate Harrison suppressed a giggle. "And then he said, 'Madame, my late friend, Harcourt de Percival, left me in his will a manuscript collection of his poems, which I believe you have in your possession.' " "Why was he so long in coming for them?" Cynthia asked in an artless tone. "Don't ask such silly questions. How do I know ? I was not so bold as you girls are to begin cross-questioning a gentleman. As I was saying, I gave him the poems and we became very good friends. And, honey," concluded Aunt Bates, impressively, "I married Uncle Bates because he looked so like Harcourt de Percival !" Aunt Bates' visit was a lengthy one. It lasted until spring set in, and was enlivened by many eccentricities. On one occasion some visitors in- quired whether Mrs. Lemarc had had any peas from her garden. Before she could answer, Aunt Bates struck in : "Peas, honey ? Why, we've had peas—peas—peas—until we're sick of peas." "Aunt Bates !" Sabina remon- strated, "we haven't had any peas at all." "Well, Sabina, but we will have," returned the imperturbable Aunt Bates. At last she left the Lemarcs, after having "worked up" every man, woman, and child in the place into a state of exasperation. "Aunt Bates is a regular old tor- ment," cried Cynthia. "Hush, dear," said her mother. You know she is poor, and she was really fond of your father." "I believe he is the only person she does not abuse," said Laura. After this, Aunt Bates decided that she would try boarding for a time, so she went to interview Mrs. Bond, an old friend, on the subject. "Oh, Mrs. Bates !" cried Mrs. Bond, who knew her well, "I am afraid our house would't suit you. It is a very lonely place." "Honey, there's nothing I like better than peace and quietness, which —goodness knows—I didn't have at Sabina's." "But you see, Mr. Bond is so often away, and then I have nothing for dinner but a cup of tea and some bread and butter." "Honey, there's nothing I relish more for my dinner than tea and bread and butter." "Besides, I would have to give you a room upstairs, and you would find it fatiguing to climb so many steps." "Honey, there's nothing so nice as an upstairs room—so cool and airy." "But Mrs. Bates, there's another thing," said Mrs. Bond, driven to desperation—"now mind, I don't say there's anything in it — but the negroes declare they see strange sights here at night. You know we are very near the graveyard." Aunt Bates' face changed. She was a bundle of superstitions, and had a decided fear of ghosts. "Well, honey," she added, "I reckon, on the whole, it wouldn't suit me to live with you. It would be fatiguing to climb so many steps, and I don't think I could get along just with tea and bread and butter for dinner—particularly as I've heard people say your tea is never anything but hot water." As the price Aunt Bates wished to pay for her board was a very small one she had some difficulty in finding a place. At last she settled herself with the Taskers, a poor family living in the village, and there she was seized with a dangerous illness. She lingered painfully on the con- fines of death for some weeks. Sabina would have taken her home, but she was too ill to be moved ; so Sabina and her daughters paid her frequent visits, though Aunt Bates' tongue had for- gotten none of its sharpness. Towards the last her mind wandered back to the days of her girlhood. She was a child again, and she called upon "Philly" to look at the dead bird she had found in the grass. The little brother and sister were at play to- gether once more. Then she talked in baby language to the second Philly, and often cried out, "I've remembered your girls. It was all for them, Philly—all for them !" When the end approached her mind cleared, and she faintly asked the doc- tor how much longer he thought she could live. He replied that, in all human probability, she could not live an hour. "I'll live two hours," said the un- daunted Aunt Bates, and she did. After a long silence she beckoned to Sabina to stoop down that she might speak to her. "Sabina," she whispered, "what's the price of butter just now ?" Sabina drew her head up abruptly, and faltered, "I—I don't know." "You were always unpractical," remarked Aunt Bates in a barely audible voice. Those were her last words. After her death it was found, to the amaze- ment of her relatives, that she had left Cynthia and Laura 30,000dol. apiece. While everyone believed her poor she had pinched and hoarded—had dressed meanly and made herself a by-word for their sake. It was the only blossom of love that sprang from the grave of the lonely old woman. 