Miss D'Arcy started. 1' Oh, Captain' ,'f nes! e said. abo?u?you.' " I thought ;so,' ?pliedtthe Cap tain. "I met your brother outsid andxhTid e on ere. Aee Then,rturningto' ,Tinfl'etop, she id with a sweet'suiile' "'I 'm sosorry, Mr ak1e6p' 'ut d "'quit forgotten hatl',d. promised to goito ,t~e.Lyceuni this:evening, with.CaptainJfohnes. It's all Jaci's fault-he ought to hie i:re=: midned me.. " , ., Anohersmile,: little. nod of the, head,' )aindr the-:vision.oftibeau.ty had gone-so had OCptin'·tiesir i" k , I'l! inletopelntl back heayy, into ,a chair, one arm ?n his 9v.ercoat,?dnl the other arm out. :il.c;,'Tl:tf i"'?ell-! he- yelled ;-'-of all the cool- impudene?el?The,'idea ,bf/thatt llow daring:tolwalk in:herea.andtake Miss D'Arcy ogfibeforeamyj veryieyes ." "Why didn't yougie lhirn,one over the nose " said Professor W.alloper, putting; hal, :dozen ~g cigas in9.his pocket. i" Why, didh'ntl: I' _exclaimed-'Mr;" Tinkletop, almostin a' white' heai with rage) 'LecauseI'm's old enough, to '6e7 his father, and my"boixing days are over: ButTdii jive a hlundrie l to haliae " Give a tenner," said the Professor, " and sbolebddy else 'll dd thde job' for you." Give a tenier to have tiat fel low .taught manners 'r .?Wouljd'tI., " Give us your::tenner,'I isaid the Professor, "and consider it's done." '"Nd 'violence"exclaimed Tinlej top, as he put his hiaini his waistcoat pocket. i"Ltr' bless you,' no. Ltook' herei' you just,wan? his hat knocked over his eyes and his shirt front spoilt, to teach him not to be so jolly fast a coming into private rooms and taking the -company away rThat's it, aint itl?'l fry.? U V.11: l,'` LU , d , " Yes," said Tinkletop, "that's it. Make him look ridiculous in Miss D,'Arcy's ey i,'itlat' all! - JE ; "Don't fidget yourself," said the Professor, grabbing the tenner from the hekitaingrfingerso t I MrUlTiklei tdp, "it's only a little lesson he'll get. There's two or three of the division down-stairs that'll be glad of the job, ad do it well." I Prfe?--?,so ll per'stuffed the not into his pocket'anL went own-stirs, leaving Tinkletop alone with the head waiter, who had 'jist'conm 'in with the bill, the rest of the company--.includ ing thedobnor of' ith diniLe-haviing quite forgotten that it wasn't settled. When Tinkfe'thf went oinistairs he met the Professor st?iiing in?"the doorway"..y 1 ' 'i "It's all rigoht, ;uv'nor,.','sa id Wa1 loper, " the three chaps I've given the office to are g6oii't the Lceiiim. They khow-their'man;-and-when-he- comes out they'll give him a little lesson in gbod manners." Mr. Tinkletop said nothing, but went off home in a very bad temper. Long before- he-reached, his; residence. he was so:ry ;that:lie adsaid anyithng to Walloper at all. Suppose the three roughs hurt the young fellow ! Oh, nonsense; he wasn't going to worry himself about that.' 'He had three whiskies and five pipes and went to bhed andlhad-an. exceedinglybad,night;. for h'e-dreamttth at he was- standing at the altar with Miss D'Aroy, who was just about to say " I will," and become Mrs. Tinkletop, when a young fellow came up" froimd atrap in the floor, "and, seizing her, bore her away through the rbof before his very eyes. SAbout half-past ten- the next morn breakfast when the servant came in and said that a gentleman wanted to s~e him on a very important matter. S"Show him in," said Tinkletop. i The gentleman came in, and proved t~o be Professor Walloper. SThe ~Pofesidd's' featiresi ( erelt dis torted with anxiety. I "Good Heavens, Wolloper!" shrieked Tinkletop, as he saw the expression of the Professor's face,:,, what's?,,the matter I There was no-no mischief done last night, was there 1" " No," replied the Professor, his Poie. ru? aidigl! mY,,ad s.face.as. only'tel'em Kbe~ssod f ols wenti and kie the Capting, that's all." "What! No, no! You have not come here to tell me the young fellow 1 The Professor shrugged his shoulders. 'f That's the size of it, Guv'nor," he s~id.~, ':They hit him on the'ed as he .meaning only to bash his hat in, and lie went down like a log, and when they felt his 'eart he wasdead.i It's a very awful thinag." i "Awful!" exolaimed Tinkletop, mopping his brow, "it's terrible ! it's uuhis-ruin' t us all"i, !, ....,,:;i r'' " I ",Oh, I don't know about that."'said the Professor; it mightn t come to iangiihg, if iwei'e' carefuLh"; a, r :I " .. "iHanging !;, ",Oh,, don.ti don't,!", moaned Tinkletop, as he buried' his fad'iin his :":hin~di~s' l "iha?e'tli'hZiith poli~eo -found, thelbody ";:I : : i.,,: n "'No; not yet.' My chaps tied a bribclround" tel apis nebk, and' threw him into the river." .-,p : "Oh dear, oh dear !" gasped the old gentleman, "how .shocking! That makes it look like a deliberate crime. Poor young fellow! I wouldn't have had it happen for twenty thousand poundsDi 1 :1 *na i.anuo : ;' :' ," Well, what are you.going,toi do '" ",i-er-I don't kinow. I'm over whelmed;, HelpIme t tothiil." i " Well, you see, it's like this. You're all right if it never comes out as it was you as paid to have the Captain mur \--, I pmean bashed; but them three young fellows as done it-you ought to think of thein; . One"of' 'em'd con science is pricking him already.; and he says he'll go and make a clean breast of it to the police, and say as it was your gold as tempted him" " What ! If he does that, I'm lost !" yelled Tinkletop. "So I said," replied'the Professor. i And I argeyed it out with him, and country and liesquiet -till they see if the body s found, or- the Captain's friends 'inqu it3e apit jtrt,fiJ blow oveera oyou they go '- T:,;r.. (7, )7. 4)%1l,,?3 " ell ou see Gn or;the're .poor fellows ; hey aint got the coin to ,spare, and they've got :mothers deperi-' ' ?,,a alexpenses. " "I. told 'eii you "would; so they said a' hundred 'ud do it, and they're waitin' in' pluerof ??siafety:' Give'me' the liHundred andI'll.o arid" arip e off to Spain at once." " -Here you are-here's-the hundred ipobund;note 1.Go, go'atonce!]';: SThe Professor -took' tihe' hundred pounids, groanedmwarly r?aiind ]ftthe r-oom. T'hen Tinletop-buried his face in his hands and shed scaldinig i tears. He would have given all his vast wealth and:gonelback tod;be at.stabl& ioy again if he:could'only have undone -that dark night's w-rk. , , For a week ;eremiah.Tinkltop was like a man in"a dream. He couldnt eat or sleep, for.murder was on his soul and terror in--his heart. He tremibleUI, ?aevery sound] ,Whenzhe linet the haing'iahlin apiublib tlorbiugh fare -hetalways bluah'ed and looked :the Ather way A fortnight after the first intervsiew ,. the, ,Professor- turned :up again. One of the young fellows had got home- sick,, and, was coming .back. He couldn-t stand SpainP' ~If he could go to=Austria h , 1ltwias. the"one& that wwanted to make a..clean breast of ' " Yes, yes; let lhi?.go, to Australia; let !em all go,"i.murinuredi Tinkletop: " the farther away they gob the!; better I shall like it." .It "as two hoidred pounids that the Professor. took away to send to. Spaini that day. \It would just pay the fares of the three accomplices to, Australia; .and leave them a little to live on when thley got'ther'e.i6A)DH i 0] T33 3010 Six\weeks afterwards the Professor came againr- This' timid ieE "only -had anotfier, hundred for the poor young 'fellows, buitio about six months Mr. Tinkletop'scrii lih ha8lcot ihim £i0Q#q It might have \cost him more : but one tafternoon while walking down Regent streetehe:came suddenly. upon Miss Lola; D'Alrc,'and she was leaning on the arm of tle murderedm?i .-f At fistiTiniklto~p'thd'ught it was a ghost, and his knees tremibled under hiidi. 0'. He .wasitahee hauntedl ! ~l U 1 iBut presently, 'as he\,was wiping the jheavy drops of 1perspiration from his brow, he saw the miurdered man and Miss D'Arcy go i'ntb'a jeweller's shop. i They: asked to\ ee some' 'Wedding' rings., The young lady tried one on, and the murdered \man put down a hundred pound note'to pay for it.'" Tinkletop was lookingthrouugh the window anid siaw the\number of the note. 'It was the number of the note he had. that morning given to "the Pro fessor for those poor young fellows in 'Australia. -With a wild\ cry of rage Tinkletop turned away, aind haiing a" passing omnibus, went home; and tore up the confession of murder which he had left in a secret drawerof his "writing-desk, to be openedi with, his .will . ., Professor Walloper only grinned when he met the infuriated Tinkletop\ that evening. He said it was a rattlilg good " barney " 'whatever that\ may Imean- andceverybody..who .was i_ the know? and a good miany were, laughed too, an?said it:,wIaws the finest practical joke:y-'.d heardy.for'years. its h? all eli sot~~up for Tifkl~top by his "frienids;"iind the Captain had never even beend'ollowed. The money obtained ..of .the amorous bbookmaker had- been - equally -divided amiongthe merry conbspirators, and on their share. of.ethe-";joke "'-Miss D'Arcy and tl?e Ci~hi hlad afraiged to-get mairied. Inihonour of:theif:benefaoftor their firs?'iittle boy had "Tinkletiok " e': i to it as a Christian nam ; In -the dourse of time Mr. Tinkletop su~iciently recovered his equanipnityi to'tell the' story himself, and now he laughs as . loudly as. anyone at. the terror he experienced in consequence of his share in th'" crii?e?" SBut'hdeis imoreciarefill thani he 'was about the company: hekeeps, and there is a wli~lJer:in the nbighbouhlhodd in: wrhich he lirveslthat next year he .will stai1 f"'fo churchwarden, an(d lvote his leisure' tb' parochial affairs,'and s'pend-his-evenings-at the loddcal-dclib. where~eyerybody: is eminentlyrespect O s?sER .--The, old idea about eating oysters onlywhen -'th e ziuhlihas an '' r" in it is founded on a sound scienti tific fact. - During the summer months, rinder crdinary conditions, the bivaflves are-y. pawning; and- then- they are certaijy not, good to eat. Ifthis hedi good invariably, all the oyster shops would? close up for the sumnie!;: lirit i plan.,as been adopted, by. which the juicy oyster may be eaten all the' year round. The American oysters are brought over in the spring, ::and 'relaid in-Englishi-Irish,- Scotch, -or-Welsh' Waters. The change of habitat pre vents the oysters from indulging in their usuial habits, and, though they grow large arid fat, they do not spawn. This enables the'oyiijster-dediler to keep ,his shop open'and have a good bivalve all the summer long. The Swedes are now trying to acelimatise the American oyster on their shores, and thie young Connecticut oysters are doing well; but whether they will reproduce of their kind remains to be seen; If they do, it will be an addition to the wealth of Sweden and prove a dangerous rival tothe Dutch oyster-fishery .. ....... The best way of acquiring good manniers is by mixing with really refined, agreeable, ourteous, clever people. Unconsciouslyone' takes the tone from them, and the lesson is an easy,. pleasant one. Of ourse- .,e people have a charm of mannr all theifr own--they were born withit, it isa gift, just like a sweet voice, but by cultivation it can be made more fascinating. Nothing opens so wide a door to vice, to orim, to evil habits of every description, as the absence of ooupation. The downward oourse of many a promising youth, the ruin of many a hopeful life, may be distinctly traced to the void oaused by having nothing definite and positive to do. The faculties must be active, the energies must be at work; and, if not employed for good, tiey' wil be I for evil. 