Men and Women. Mr. George Chaffey is building a £4000 house at the Werribee irrigation colony. He will talk with Melbourne by telephone. Mr. R. K. Montgomerie, of the West Melbourne Brewery, died on Feb. 26, aged 48. He founded the eight hours' movement in his trade. Mr. J. L. Stirling, B.A., who repre sents Gumeracha in the South Australian Assembly, was at Trinity College, Cam bridge, with Earl Kintore. Mr. Joseph Mitchell, M.L.A., is in England trying to raise capital to utilise the iron ore in Illawarra (N.S.W.) The iron has entered into his soul, and he is very hopeful of success. Ihe painter of the public men figuring in the furniture advertisement on MIel bourne Cathedral hoarding is a National Gallery student named Hole. He is not yet out of his teens. Reginald Brett, the bankrupt director of the Imperial Colonial and Finance and Agency Association, was once well known in South Australia as an orna mental barrister with an insatiable love for the fair sex. Mr. Cohen, M.P., the Mayor of Ade laide, is a. dapper little Jew, with a voice like one of the wild bulls of Basan. He is a Protectionist, and a special authority on the subject of moleskin trousers. Mr. George Robertson, the well-known bookseller, is about to retire froni the vast business which he has carried on for 37 years. His son will open new pre mises in Flinders lane and continue the circulation of knowledge. Sir F. Napier Broome, who made him self so unpopular at Mauritius and in West Australia, is to be sent to Hong Kong. He married Lady Barker, the authoress of " Station Life in New Zea land," and otherxbooks on colonial sub jects. Mr. P. M'Manus Glynn,. B.A., M.P., one of the most eloquent public men in South Australia, is a faithful disciple of Henry George. Light sent him into Parliament on that ticket. He declined the "Treasurership " in the present Cock burn Ministry. Poker-back Barry, who left Sydney the legacy of a disputed primacy, has been raising a little ruction of his own at Ro chester. He has a true parsonical con tempt for the "lower orders," who evi dently reciprocate the feeling so far as he is concerned. He was hooted off a Lon don platform lately. Sir George Baden- Powell, M.P., who is specially interesting himself in bringing Australian Federation before the Com mons, was resident in Melbourne as secre tary to Governor Sir George Bowen from 1876 to 1880. On the strength of this four years, he writes and talks largely on Australian subjects. L Mr. William Loathain Bright, Glad ;fstoiiaiu member for Stoke-on.Trent since " 1885, has resigned his seat in the Commons. ,He is the second son of the late Right Hon. John Bright, is 39 years old, is rich, and is a graduate of London University. With his charming wife.he visited Aus tralia last year, and he is now a holder of colonial mining stock. The Rev. John McEwin, editor of the Christian Colonist, Adelaide, is a candi date for the representation of Gumeracha, in the South Australian Assembly. He is a bigoted teetotaller and a strong anti smoker. He once wrote in a leading article-" How can the Holy Ghost dwell in a breast that is saturated with tobacco smoke ?" He now drops the " Rever end," as South Australia boycuts political parsons. Mr. Lewis Henry Isaacs, M.P.-who was shot at in London by a young woman, who charges him with her seduction--is a pretty old bird to be caught in this fashion. He was born in 1830, and is a son of a patriarchally-named Jew, Isaac Isaacs. He had his education at University Col lege, London, and did so well in his sub sequently-chosen profession as to be ap pointed architect and surveyor to the Holborn Board of Works. He is a Con servative to the backbone and spinal marrow, and even his vices tend to the side of the aristocrats. He won a seat for the Walworth division of Newington in 1885, and he has sat for that constituency ever since. No doubt, Lord Salisbury is as proud of Mr. Isaacs as he was of Colonel Hughes-Hallett. If telegrams and Trutlh are true, the successor of Lord Carrington in the Go vernorship of New South Wales will be Sir Schomberg Henry Ker, ninth Marquis of Lothian in the peerage of Scotland and Baron Ker in that of Great Britain. The former title dates from 1701 and the latter from 1821. Lord Lothian, who was born in 1833, and who succeeded to the title in 1870, like the Earls of Kintore, Onslow, and Hopetoun, is a strong Conservative, who has received many favors from the hands of Lord Salisbury. He is a Knight of the Thistle, a Privy Councillor, and a Doctor of Laws, while he draws various salaries as Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland, Captain-General of the Royal Scottish Archers, Secretary for Scotland, and Vice-President of the Scotch Educa tion Department. His eldest son bears the courtesy title of Earl Ancrum. Mr. C. R. M. Talbot, the father of the House of Commons, died the other day, and his seat has been won by Mr. Evans, a Gladstonian, so that Home Rule gains one by the change. Mr. Talbot was a son of the late 'T. M. Talbot, Margam, and first saw the light in 1803, while a reversal of these figures (1830) saw him in Parliament for Glamorganshire, which he represented for fifty-five consecutive years, and, under the last Re-distribution of Seats Act, went back as member for the Middle Division of the same county. Although a Liberal by birth, training, and conviction, he could not swallow Mr. Glad stone's Home Ruleproposals, and so in 1886 he went over to the Unionists. His seat might have been won for Ireland at the general election, but Mr. Gladstone would not attempt to disturb his venerable sup porter, and so he was returned again un opposed. The best proof of this gene rosity of this treatment exists in the pre sent walkover by Mr. Evans. The late Mr. Talbot .was an M.A. and D.C.L. of Oxford, an F.R.S. and F.L.S., a director of the Great Western Railway Company, and the Lord-Lieutenant of Glamorgan shire. He also had the unique distinction of declining a peerage so far back as 1869. 