FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. WEEK'S SHOWS. Theatre Royal.—To-night (Friday), "The Sultan of Mocha Saturday, " Maritana Tuesday, " Bohemian GirK" " I rage, I melt, I burn," came In a rich pas sionate baritone from the stage door. It was only Joe Davis objurgating the weather, although an old gentleman next door turnnd out to see whether his chimney was on fire, an 1 Dick Whittington chirped in wirh his peaceful soprano, " Wait till the clouds roil by."' Not all the punkahs that were ever invented could, have kept some chunks of heat from entering the Theatre, but still, though the said chunks were apt to hit one in the eye, or catch him surreptitiously in the breadbasket, one felt that he must go to the Royal and see " The Sultan of Mocha" or die a lingering death in a beer saloon. Joe I)a\is, above referred to, was so alarmed at times by the general gehenna appear ance of things that he had serious thoughts of getting the hanks to keep open all night so that he might deposit the takings before the money melted. This is the second lie Quiz has told about the genial little manager, and may Mick Tier have mercy on his—well, long sliever. Where's the slate ? XL The Theatre was to have been closed after Friday evening, but "The Sultan" has sent up the managerial barometer to such an extent that we are promised a few nights more honest amuse ment. Solomon &: Bracy do not give us a leg show. They let us have good music well sung, and to Mr. Bracy, who has stuck to his work like a brick, in spite of somewhat "adverse cir cumstances, Quiz observes, " Bravo, old man ; better luck next time. Mine's a " As for Forde, however he can keep up his funniments and prevent the perspiration from washing them away is a mystery. Perhaps he preserves them in ice or embalms them. Anyway, they don't appear very hard. Quiz wouldn't be a Sultan for a whole heap. Knight Aston knows why. It wants a pretty substantial sort of salary to enable a man to do the Sultan business with the temperature at 90°, and a regular North Pole expedition suit of clothes on. Quiz would sooner be a king in the Cannibal Islands. * -35- -3'r All things considered, if it were necessary to earn one's living before the footlights, perhaps the most comfortable billets would be those held by the young ladies. At all events, the tights and the gauzy covering look cool if they be not so. One thing the management neglected. They might have had a great tank scene, a la Carrie Swain, and let the performers take a plunge every now and then in full view of the audience. But stay. The result might have been to drive the spectators to drink ; and better perspire in silence than that one soul should go to the pint pot. This has a smack of scripture about it, but it's perfectly original, arid all rights are strictly reserved. • " * * Come wet, come dry, come heat, come cold, the popular places at the Royal were well filled •every night in the week. Amongst new attrac tions was a speech by Mr. Bracy—absolutely impromptu, because Quiz saw him studying it at the wings. When Bracy finds comic opera fail he is going to stand Tor Parliament and ^200 a year. Somehow this notice seems to be a little mixed this week. There doesn't appear to be any clear connection between the sentences. There is a suggestion of alcohol about it. Let us draw it to a close. To morrow night Wallace's favorite opera " Maritana" will be placed on the boards, and on Tuesday evening the season will close, when Mr. Bracy will take a benefit, and "The Bohemian Girl" will be produced. * 'r * After the Bracy season the Theatre is to be closed indefinitely—at all events, for two months. | It is rumored that the lease of the "phirm" j has only fourteen months to run, and that at the j end of that period they will not renew it. j Perhaps then we shall get more novelties during the course of twelve months. Why don't Brough & Boucicauit take up the speculation? j They are popular, they always turn out first-class | companies, and Quiz is certain they would make a "do" of it. I Meanwhile, what is to become of the | orchestra, the property man, the doorkeeper, |and the rest of the employes at the Royal? I They will have to sit kicking their heels for two ! months. The ghost wont walk, and how are j they to live? After all the stage is a precarious | form of livelihood. People don't enquire into | life behind the scenes, except it be bald-headed | old men and adolescent boys. They see the j tinsel and glitter, and that is all that concerns them. What is it to them that there are to be no salaries for two months, and that household expenses have still to be met ? What is it to the " phirm ?" * * * Bland Holt will probably be our next visitor. Bland has lately been up in Brisbane, which is only separated by a sheet of tissue paper from a place reputed to be uncomfortably warm, and yet he fears to come to Adelaide just yet. When he does arrive he will meet with a hearty recep tion, for he is deservedly popular, and is always on the look out for something new. * * * G. C. Miln, the tragedian, has given up the stage for the nonce and taken to the lecture platform. It is said that he meditates an attack upon Adelaide. Beware 1 The day of the lecturer has wellnigh gone, unless he manages to get a lease of a church and admits all and sundry at a bob a head. Miln may catch on, but the odds are rather against him. * * The revival of " Uncle Tom's Cabin " at the Op era-House, Melbourne, has not been a great success, although a powerful company has been engaged, and the management have spent a lot of money in mounting the piece. The opera company now appearing at the Theatre Royal here open for a season on Saturday, February 15. " The Guv'nor " drags along at the Princess, and Dampier at the Alexandra is doing fair business with " Monte Christo." The pantomime at the Moval is still attracting big crowds. * ■Jr -St The pantomime "Aladdin," after a most successful run at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, gives way to-morrow evening to " Little Lord Faunileroy," which one Sydney journal describes as a burlesque. An Adelaide contemporary would have it that it was a comic opera. There will be a tragedy before long. The Brough Boucicault Company remain at the Criterion playing " Our bitterest Foe" and "The Balloon," while George Rignold is still hanging on to Shakespeare at Her Majesty's. 