CHRISTIAN YIEW OF THE VANT GIRL QUESTION. SER- By REV. J. 0. KIBBY. And thy maid-servant may rest as well as thou.—Dent. y. 14. Throughout the Australian states and Great Britain there is a great outcry because there is alleged to be a great deficiency of women to,do house-work. Here some people want the Government iio get out two ship-loads of girls at the public expense. That is they virtually want the •Government to borrow money in London on . which we are to pay interest forever in order that •we may have more servant girls. Let us look the servant girl question in the face, and we Bhall see what we shall see. IT IS A SIGN 01 THE WICKEDNESS OP THE HUV \N BACE. When I had not got my work up properly, my first theological tutor used to twinkle his eyes and look at me, and say that he knew what con- ' stituted original sin and human depravity. If I was unwary enough to say, what ? he would smile and say, idleness and the dislike of useful work. Without doubt, idleness and the dislike of useful work are widely diffused in the human race, and are two of the most guilty and detestable of sins. One of the vile and abundant fruits of the dislike for work in all generations has been a certain contempt for the workers of all grades . In later ages this contempt has been chiefly felt for hand labour, but the fullest vials of this evil contempt have been and are poured out on those women who get their living in a noble manner by useful household work. The eternal Father does not despise, but honours the jvomen servants. He gives them a place in the Sabbatic law, equal with the place of the master, " And thy maid servant may rest as well as thou." Women who are heads of households and from whom we have a right to expect better things, will speak of a woman help as only a servant, and imply by their tone and manner that there is something low in being a servant girl. Numbers of young men speak of women house-workers as slaveys, and by the unreasonable demands they make upon women house-workers at places at which they lodge, they treat them as slaves. Young men, use respectful language and con6id erate ways to all women house-workers. They are somebody's daughters and sisters. God has his eye on you and them. You doubt whether -there is this social contempt for servant girls Would any of you send your daughters to service if you could help it ? You know that you would not. no matter what the wages, if you could help it, and that is proof of a wicked social contempt pervading society for one of the most useful of , all the forms of human labour. Where the servant girl is placed at meals shows the social contempt. Now it is this evil feeling of social contempt for their class which all servant girls are made to feel, which is the root difficulty, and prevents -thousands of girls seeking house work. Place a woman competent for all house work in the same social rank as a lady clerk, lady telegraphist, or teacher, and there will be swarms seeking the situations. NEED FOR REPENTANCE. To hold the women who do the work of our homes in this soeial contempt is a great sin in the sight of God, and should be most thoroughly repented of. The home is the most precious thing on earth, and woman's^ work is most needful to make it comfortable and pleasant, and therefore the woman house-worker ought to be fheld in great honour. Only a servant. We in our folly, our lack of •Christianity, have made the word servant a word of contempt, whereas in reality it is a term of loftieBt honour. The only begotten Son of God -came in the form of a servant. Jesus came not to lord and master it, He had no such bare idea. The son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister. The Eternal God perpetually sustains the created Universe and all that therein is, and thus the Infinite Majesty makes himself the perpetual servant of his creatures. Yes, the . term servant in reality is a term of honour, consecrated to eternal honour by the eternal service "of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. If we must exercise contempt let us reserve it ior the idle. Not the bee who gathers the honey, but the drone who eats but does not work is the being to look down on. Let us learn righteous judgement, and not grieve the hearts of the industrious by contempt. Let us cheer all honest •workers by deep Christian respect. \- MATTER OF THANKFULNESS. The old Puritans were fond of telling the people to count their mercies. The people in . South Australia have evidently,had many mercies. There must be many well-off people in the land, •or there could not be so many wanting servants. The fact is there has been in large circles great ; "advances in wealth and in the comforts of life. Classes who never thought of keeping a woman servant fifty years ago keep one now, and new glasses of skilled mechanics have risen who are able to employ women servants. The large houses also are more numerous, and they empioy many women. The cry for women servants is a sign of prosperity. .Let us then stop onr grumbling awhile, and call upon our souls to remember God's mercies and to bless His holy name. RESTING TIME AND LEISURE. From immemorial time the man has robbed, cheated, and oppressed the woman, as all histories and lawB do show. It has therefore only been after the wont of the natural man to treat the woman house-worker badly. But revealed religion, as we see it recorded in the Bible, has ever marched in the front to help and bless and liberate woman. So we find that the maidservant is specially mentioned in the Sabbath law of Sinai. God's command in this law is that the hand-maid shall have one complete rest-day in seven—God commands she shall have as good a rest-day, and as complete as does the master; See here it runs, " and thy handmaiden may rest as well as thou." By the law of Israel it was unlawful to get a woman to do needless work on a Sabbatb. If you had lived a Jew in Judea, you could not have had hot dinners on Sabbath. You would have been punished by the law, and if you had made the attempt the women servants would have struck. So you see the merciful Father de manded consideration for those of His daughters who served God and the human race by doing housr work. God gave them a legal right to the Sabbath rest, and as there were several Sabbaths beside the weekly Sabbath, Gcd gave the women servants legal ri^at to a good many holidays and considerable leisure in the course of a year, The fundamental principle of God's labour legislation in the Scriptures is limited hours of labour for both men and women, limited not by free contract, nor by trades unions, but by law —Divine law. More women would go to service if they worked definite hours, and then were done, or had definite days on which they had complete holiday. Do away with the continual drudge of domestic service, aud more women would seek this honourable way of living. DISTRESSING "UNREASON. Considering that God has given to most men and women a ray of his owneternal light, not only must the sin, but also the unreason of mankind be very distressing to the Eternal Father, Here is a grand specimen of foolish unreason. A young girl goes to service about 17 or 18 years of age, and she is held to be very blameable be cause she is not a skilful cook and washerwoman, and highly skilled in all house management. Now, to be highly skilled in all manner of woman's house- work takes as much skill and ability as to be a good engineer, carpenter, or clerk. We do not expect youths in their teens to know their trades. They are mere apprentices, and so the bulk of young girls are mere apprentices at house-work, and it is foolish unreason to expect them to be very skilful. These are my doctrines—give them time to learn, give them the means of learning, and make the girls learn to be deft and capable in all woman's work. Make them? Yes, make them, as I have read that they do in Sweden. The logic of life for girls in Sweden runs this way : A girl cannot get married till she is confirmed, and she cannot be confirmed till she can prove to the satisfaction of a jury of matrons, that according to her station in life she can do all manner of cooking, knitting, washing, and sewing needed in keeping house, and in the country she ,'inust be able to milk a cow and make butter. So severe and so wholesome is the law, that the King of Sweden made his daughters, the princesses, pass the examination. If I had my way the Parliament should pass a law like that next week, and then you would see all the girls in the country doing; their very very best to learn all manner of house-work. The result would be that we should have competent mistresses and competent servants. And all the women of our country would rise in the grade of real competence for the work of life. Show that by the law of the land honourable promotion to matrimony depends upon competence for housework, and you will never hear another word about the incompetence of the young women. A law like this would abate sin, and misery, and would give enormous increase to the comfort, honour, and peace of our women and our homes. As God remembered the young women in His commandments, so ought we to remember them in our WE SHOULD PROVIDE MEANS OF LEARNING. Sixty thousand girls go to the cooking classes in the Board schools of London. We ought to have such classes in our schools. They could be established at little expense. It should be done ; it would give the girls a taste for homework. The practical matters of life ought to have far more attention in our girls' schools. But then we are so absurd ; while women have a say with respect to the girls schools of Great Britain, the matrons of South Austraha are utterly shut out Of all voice about the schooling of our girls. Our girl's schools are managed by men, and they evidently think that girls are JB. We now neglect all proper means of training girls for their chief business,, and then grumble in public prints that girls are not first-class at houserirork. This is the height of unreason * and very grevious to the Heavenly Father of thes§ little hand maidens. A COMMON DELUSION. It is ^ thought by many that a girl is safer at service than - at factories and at shops This is a great delusion. There is a lim ited number of respectable families, with good mistresses and proper bedrooms, and so forth, where a girl is as safe as in her own home, But statistics show that taking the whole class, that comparing girls in shops and factories with girls at seryioe, that going to service is the most dangerous employment. I know that this is deeply felt by many mothers who have girls at service. The safest places (speaking broadly) in which a girl can sleep is under her mother's roof. The average mother has sharper eyes than the average mistress. Where circumstances allow, a girl should go home to sleep. God pats that into a mother's heart which makes her the natural and proper guardian of her, daughter. I would not allow anybody to keep a woman servant without they took out a licence to cost one shilling, and that license should not be issued till a respectable woman inspector had seen that a proper sleeping place was provided if the girl had to sleep on the premises. GIFT OF THE HOLY GHOST. The supreme gift that can be bestowed upon a human souI is the gift of the Holy Ghost. Joel foretold the out-pouring of the Spirit as one of the grandest events in the Kingdom of God. Did God leave the women-servants without the gift of the Spirit? No. Thus runs the promise —" Upon my servants and upon my handmaidens (that is my womsn-servants) I will pour out my spirit. God gives the same gift and the same religious dignity to the women servants as he does to their believing masters and mistresses. All impenitent sinners, no matter what their rank among men, whether mistresses or maid' servants, are levelled to the rank of the condemned. Cursed is everyone, duchess or scullery maid, who continueth not in all things written in the book of the law to do them. Lord Beaconsfield believed in levelling up. Christ believed in levelling up ; iE a womanservant or a princess receive Christ into the heart He will level them up to be the spiritual daughters of the Lord God Almighty—He will level them up to be His sisters. Aye, Christ will by and by level them up to heaven, leyel them up to the crown of glory that fadeth not away. How lofty is the level we attain in Christ. May we all through faith and repentance altain that lofty level. In Christ Jesus there is neither Scythian nor Greek, neither bond nor free, neither male nor female. Ye are all one in Christ Jesus. 