AQUATICS. NEW SOUTH WALES ROWING ASSOCIATION. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Rowing Association was held at Aaron's Exchange Hotel last evening Mr. Ackman presided and there was a fair attendance An apology was received from the Mayor, who found it impossible to be present. The twelfth annual report was read and adopted. The report briefly reviewed the work of the association during the year Public support had been liberal, but still the association had unfortunately lost a little ground, and for this rowing men themselves were primarily to blame the annual regatta, which was held on the Parramatta River on May 17, proved a brilliant success, the fact of the Breakfast Creek crew competing inventing it with more than ordinary interest The ¿yrf/t'i/ Matt Cup had been won the specified number of times by Mr. J G. Kennedy, of the Sydney Rowing Club The four tenth annual Intercolonial I Eight-oar Race was held on November 19, and in spite of want fold disadvantages from the short space of time the arrangements were carried out with credit. The thanks of the committee were due to the various rowing club a who assisted and contributors to the expenses incidental to the race As to Mr. Belt, of the Gladesville Asylum, for allowing the grounds of that institution to be used for training purposes An inquiry had been instituted as to the where abouts if the syd- by State Cup by a sub-committee appointed for the purpose, but their efforts to trace the cup had been unsuccessful The association had participated the welcome accorded to William O'Connor, the American sculler, upon his arrival in the room The balance-sheet), not being audited, its consideration was croup aged till the next committee meeting, the following officers were elected for the ensuing year - Patron, Lord Jersey president, the Hon George Thornton, vice presidents, HOD Daniel O'Connor (Po«ftn»ster- Getioral), Messrs J P Garvan, M L A Dr A Burn, Messrs G Eden, Ack man. Playfair Mary, J W Warren, J L M>ers Cresswell, J R. Fairfax, W Cope, N Johnston. Cubitt, and P H Sullivan, committee, Messrs Holmes W Hamlin, and W. A. Blackstone i John Matson, the champion sculler of the world, will probably leave Sydney on Monday evening upon a visit to his home on the Richmond River. The champion intends resting for a couple of months, at the end of which time will return to the city should a match in the meantime be ratified with either Stanbury or Kemp, The race between Sharland, Ruwald, and McRae, which was to have taken place on the Parramatta River this afternoon, has been postponed for a week in consequence of Ruwald having injured his back 1916 Prince Alfred Yacht Club have two races set down for di station this afternoon, the one being for bona-fide cruisers, and the other for the ii enters the entries and handicaps for the cruisers ore as follows - B ironía lugger (Mr T. W I\ Busby1,16ton»,scratoh, I Pleiades, cutter (Mr W M Maclardy), 9 t n, 8 minutes, Mayaio, cutter ( I r I. li.. Carpenter), 9 tons, 8 minutes, Awanui, cutter (Mr A C Saxton), G tons, 11 minutes, and Viola, cutter (Mr J Robb), 6 tons, 15 minutes The course to be sailed will be from a fit lug start at 2 p in from a line between i the starter's b mt and H M S Orlando'" buoy down to send round a flag-boat moored off Muni), back round Fort Denison, thence round the Pile Light (off Watson's Bay) and Shark Island, and to finish at flagboat, off Fort Macquarie. The conditions of the rules are fore and aft canvas only, and the prizes am £10 an, 14 4s, being first and a and respected. f he second event for the 24 raters will bring no less than four of these little vessels to the scratch The Bulbul, the latest addition to the fleet, will make her first appearance under her racing colours, and being a distinct rig to her opponents, a large amount of interest will be centred in this for -Mr race The crafts entered are as follow - Norris (Mr G. E. Fairfax), rating ii. Jenny Wren ( ir H Stevens), rating by, Astrea( Mr J. McCabe), rating 25, and Bulbul (UrIO Fairfax), rating 2,, all scratch. The course to be Calls! will be from a flying start at 2 LU p.m., from a line between the starter's boat, and H M.S Orlando's buoy, down to and round the Pile Light (off Watson's Bay;, round Shark Island and Fort Denison, thence round the Pile Light (off Wat son's Bay), Shark Island, and to finish at the flagboat off Port Macquarie The prize being 48, given by the lotus the club steamer Gosford will leave the Floating Jetty, Circular Quay, at 146 p m sharp, to follow the races. The first race of three for the boats of the Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club will be sailed this afternoon for a prize of 29 guineas, presented to the club by Major Kerr are the club adding £3 and £2 for first and second bests saving their times The boats entered, with their handicaps, are as follows - Varuna, scratch, Leone, 8 minutes Mulgoa and Myee, each 9 minutes, Sea Breeze and Whaler, each 10 minutes, Xtntbe, 11 minutes Millewa, 14 minutes, Phryne and Libel, each 15 minutes, i orator, 17 minutes, Happy Thought, 20 minutes, and Darien, 28 minutes The course being a flying start at 3 15 pm. from a line between the P J S. S Company's buoy and a flag moored to the westward, down round the Pile Light (off Watson's Bay), leaving Clark and Shark Island on the port hand thence back round the Orient Company's buoy and Clark Island, and back to flung across the starting line, leaving all marks on the port hand. The conditions are jib and mainsail only, no booming out allowed, and the points to be allotted are 6, 3, 2, and 3 being for first, second, third, and fourth boats respec- lively A steamer under the direction of Mr. A. A. Northcote (hon. sec) will follow the race, leaving Neutral Bay at 3 p.m. A. handicap race of the Port Jackson Sailing Club will be sailed this afternoon, for which the following values have been received -Mature Lottie Craigalee, scratch. Regina, li minute, Idothea, 2 minutes, Atalanta 3 minutes, Esmeralda, 35 minutes, Inodore, 1 - . »- Rnvll. -nee Willi Well it mantle falls Tom, The minutes : Maiailia and Violet, 7 minutes; Our May and The Ghost, 74 minutes ; Imogene and I verse, II minutes. The club steamer will follow, leaving Floating Jetty at 246 pm. sharp. A committee meeting of the East Sydney Amateur Sailing Club, presided over by Mr. W. A. Notting, was held at the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, on Tuesday evening last, when the programme for the remainder of the season was decided as follows Jane uary 17, all Calls; February 'ii, jib and mainsail; March 14, jib, mainsail, and topsail; April 4, consola- tion race jib and mainsail). It was decided to engage a first-class steamer to follow the noes. A measuring committee, to consist of Messrs. A. Brown, - Robert son, and W. A. Notting, was appointed. Several accounts were passed for payment, and the committee then adjourned to the general meeting of members of the club. At the general meeting of members there were 60 members present. The being the first general meeting since the club's inauguration, the chairman (Mr. W. A. Notting, commodore!, briefly sketched the club's career, after which the hon. treasurer (Mr. W. G. Caldwell) presented a most explicit and satisfactory statement of accounts. Thanks to the generous response of friends of the club in offering trophies and contributions, the club had been able to pay its way. A letter from his Worship the Mayor, president, congratulating the club on the very promising start it had made. and wishing the club a long and honorable existence, was read. Prizes as won at the last two races were then handed over by the chairman:- Race, November 22, first prize, Massilia; second, Idothoa; third, Isadora. face, December 6, first prize, Mouilla; second, Our Own ; third, Isadora. Nominations and admissions of members then followed, the names of 15 gentlemen being added to the club register, making a total to date of 193\. A vote of than to the chairman was passed, and suitably responded to. The meeting then adjourned. An International Challenge Cup has been shires] by the Royal Victoria Yacht Club, Ryde, Isle of Wight. The approximate value Is £600. While the club holds the cup it reserves the right to vary the conditions but any other club which may hold the cup can only vary the conditions with the approval of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club. Yachts with one mass must not be under 66ft. nor over 90ft, level.; or if more than one but, less than 70ft, or over 116ft, Challengers halls to give rig, rating, and length on land. Right months' notice must be given. The rating of the defending yacht is not to exceed that of the challenging yacht by more than 20 per cent The matches are to be called on open courses and the lowest soundings are to be not less than 31 thorns. 