STRAY NOTES. THE PAST SESSION. Mr. WYMAN BROWN, before returning to Sydney, will address his constituents, when he will, it is presumed, tell us something of what is to be done in the future, and why Parliament did nothing in the session now happily past. Should he tackle this little matter he would oblige a few by stating what particular reason the people should have for feeling confidence in a Parliament, the most dis- graceful that ever disgraced this country. Well do we all remember the flowery opening address delivered by Lord Car- rington in April last, when the policy of thc Jack-in-the-box Government of Sir H. Parkes was foreshadowed in enough promises to build a poor-house pie. An Electoral Reform Bill was promised as a certainty, but with the old man's usual political dodgery, it ended in smoke. It was stated that an Amended Licensing Act would be introduced, but this measure Parkes treated with superlative contempt immediately after Parliament was opened; and the same way right on to the present end. Then the country was to have a Local Government Bill, but slippery Harry let that go with the rest into the cupboard of oblivion. About a dozen other necessary measures of reform were promised, but all went the way Parkes wanted, together with his fiscal proposals. What did this shallow Freetrade Parlia- ment do during the last session that we should trust them further? Have they not scandalised the world by scenes the like of which were never yet heard of before in any Legislature known? Have they not frittered away the time which should have been devoted to legislating for the welfare of the country in discussing the drunkenness of Parliamentary larrikins and in washing the dirty linen of private, members in the public wash-tub? * * THE AUSTRALIAN FLEET. A cable published yesterday conveys the pleasing intelligence that the Aus- tralian auxiliary squadron will cost more to build and equip than was first arranged for. Of course ; it was ever thus. Tho oily Britisher comes down with tales to frighten the little Australian, collars his money to build a fleet it is in the interests of him (the Britisher) to provide cost free, and then approaches us with the statement that the coin we found for his pleasure of exploding powder is insuffi- cient. Did we ever want an Imperial fleet at all ? is a question that any true Australian could anawsr by saying no. Tears ago New South Wales managed to rid herself of the obnoxious presence of the Imperial soldier, aud, fortunately for all of us, established a military system with a sufficiently healthy spirit to ensure individuality. Recently the home autbo rities recognised the danger of thia, and j i when they did, every overture possible I was made to find a pretextior officering the troops of New South Wales with English- men who had *een service in tho English pay. Not content with that, the Imperiai j Government approached the colonial Cabinets with proposals that we Austra- lians should pay a share of the cost of Imperial naval defence, and just tn gain the star and jewel of tho grand cross of a lesser order of knighthood Sir Henry Parkes passed that iniquitous Naval i Defence ?ill, by which New South Wales pledged herself to support the mother I country in time of trouble. Now we are told that the money wo guaranteed is in- sufficient to properly build and equip the fleet, which means that we will cither have to pay more or accept less. Here's a chance not to be passed by, if Austra- lians are possessed of any democratic brains wot th consideration, to repudiate the contract. # JOHNSTONE. I. A party by the name of Johnstone I recently murdered his wife and four children, and then attempted to put an ; end to himself. He wa« a maniac sure, and, as such, was better out of the world than in it. Two or three days ago it waa said that he was likely to recover from his self-inflicted wounds-a statement which was received by certain misguided people with satisfaction. Yesterday, however, a reliablo wire informs the world that he is not likely to recover, that he is sinking fast, and may surrender the ghost at any moment. AU th« better for him, for, had he recovered, what terrible remorse would have been his on learning the nature of the crime which he, in the frenzy of lunacy, committed on his own flesh and blood. The madman in his lucid in- tervals undergoes a torture that only those who have suffered can possibly realist). A miuute's lucidity, when for itu instant the faithless fugitive of reason is snatched 1 back to tho insano, paints a faithful pano- rama of their lives, and brings home to the mad murderer the horrors of his crime concentrated in intensity by the briefness of his interval of rationality. It is said that the drowning man sees in that instant which precedes his death the whole of his life stretched out before him, with all his faults magnified and all his virtues dwarfed. If so, how must tho lunatic, cursed with a momentary ray of reason, feel when his sorrows and his sins arise before him to haunt him with agonising remorse and tear his very heart strings with memories of the bitter past. John- stone is better dead. V ALFRED BARRY, D.D. Alfred Barry is looked upon as a good speaker, a first-class high-churchman, and an open-hearted English gentleman. That is, he is looked upon as such by a syco- phantic crowd iii Enghnd ; but wo in Australia who have known Mr. Barry have no opinion much either of his qualities for representing the Saviour on earth or for representing opon-hearted English gentlemen in the colonie*. He j came out hore as a follower of the meek ' and lowly Christ who once travelled, ii Holy writ speaks truly, on the baro back of an ass. Bishop Barry travelled out here first-class, and dressed in tine broad- cloth, stepped into a nicely appointed carriage and was driven to Bishopacourt and £2000 per annum. He lived on the best, avoided tho worst, preached to the rich, spurned the poor, and in place of not knowing where to lay his head, slept in fine linea sheets und dined of] spotless damask. Eventually he sickened of Australia and his Australian screw, and so went home again-not as one of thc Apostles would, by working his passage, but ina saloon cabin. For fully eighteen months ho hus been trying to drag NOUU of the loaves and fishes of the Church into his net, and judging from a lat« report it would appear as though he h ac succeeded. If this is true, that saintlj follower of the Master, who said that w< were to bewaro of men who preached ii synagogues and wore fine linen, and tba no man with two coats to his hack wai worthy to follow him-that saintly fol lower of Christ, let it be repeated, is nov rolling in luxury. Ho is Denn of Windsor for which ho will draw £2000 per annum, He is domestic chaplain to the Queen, anc gets £600 a year for such domestic dude: as are attached to the position. He ii registrar of the Order of the Garter, foi which he receives in annual fees £250 thus making the income of this disciple o Christ nearly £60 per week. And lo the Son of Man referred to birds pos sessed nf nests as better provided for th ii He, which can only go to prove that mei who receive fat salaries to teach Hi word are hypocrites and impudent im nostors-deny it who will. KALOON 