AN ORIGINAL BELLE. BYE. P. OE. CHAPTER VI.-(Continued.) "Well, mamma, I want a man jot an habitue. What's more, I must be in love with the man, or he won't stand the ghost of a chance. So you see the prospects are that you will have me on your hands indefinitely. Mr. Lanniore, indeed! What should I be but a part of his possessions another expensive luxury in his luxurious life? I want a man like papa - earnest, large-brained, and large-hearted-who, instead of in veighing against the times, is ab sorbed in the vital questions of the day, and is doing his part to solve tnem rightly. I would like to take Mr. Lanniere into a military hospital or cemetery, and show him what the war has cost other men." "Why, Marian, how you talk !" " I wish I could make you know how I feel. It seems to me that one has only to think a little and look around in order to feel deeply. Iread of an awful battle while coming up in the cars. We have been promised, all the spring, that Richmond would be taken 1 ( war ended, and all go on seren again; but it doesn't look like it." " What's the use of women distress i,g themselves with such things ?" said Mrs. Vosburgh, irritably. ." I can't bear to think of war and its hor rors, except as they give spice to a story. Our whole trouble is a big political squabble, and you know I detest politics. It is just as Mr. Lan niere says-if our people had only let slavery alone all would have gone on well. The leaders on both sides will find out before the summer is over that they have gone too far and fast, and they had better settle their differ. ences with words rather than blows. We shall all be shaking hands and making up before Christmas." " Papa doesn't think so." "Your father is a German at heart. He has the sense to be practical about every.day affairs and enjoy a good dinner, but he amuses himself with cloudy speculations and ideals and vast questions about the welfare of the world, or the ' trend of the cen turies,' as he said one day to me. I always try to laugh him out of such vague nonsense. Has he been talking to you about the 'trend of the cen turies ?' " S"No, mamma, he has'not," replied Marian, gravely; "but if he does I shall try to understand what he means and be interested. I know that papa feels deeply about the war, and means to take the most effective part in it i-una h? C;.^,, and that he does not -think it will end so easily as you Ibelieve. These facts make me fee, anxious, for I know how resolute papa is," " "He has no right to take any risks," said the lady, emphatically. "lie surely has the same right that other men have." " Oh,,well," concluded Mrs. Vos burgh??with a shrug, '" there is no use -iiboProwing trouble. When it comes to acting, instead of dreaming and speculating on vast, misty questions, I can always talk your father into good sense. That is the best thing about him-he is well-balanced, in -spite of his tendency to theories. When I show him that a thing is quixotic he laughs, shrugs his shoulders, and good-naturedly goes on in the even tenor of his way. It was the luckiest thing in the world for him when he married me, for I soon learned his weak points, and have ever guarded him against them. As a result he has had a quiet, prosperous -!areer. If he wishes to serve the government in some civilian capacity, and is well paid for it, why shouldn't he? But I would never hear of his going to the front, fighting, and marching in Virginia mud and swamps. If he ever breathes such a thought to you, I hope you will aid me in showing him how cruel and preposterous it is." Marian sighed, as she thought: "I now begin to see how well papa understands mamma, but has she any gauge by which to measure him ? I fear he has found his home lonely, in spite of good dinners." "Come, my dear," resumed Mrs. Vosburgh, "we are lingering too long. Some of your friends may be calling soon, although I said I did not Sknow whether you would be at home to.night or not. Mr. Lanniere will be very likely to come, for I am satisfied that he has serious intentions. What's more, yon might do worse--a great deal worse." "Three times you have said that, mamma, and I don't like it," said Marian, a little indignantly. "Of course I might do worse; I might kill him, and I should be tempted to if I married him. You know that I do not care for him, and he knows it, too. Indeed, I scarcely respect him. You don't realise what you are saying, for you would not have me act from iurely mercenary motives ?" " Oh, certainly, not; but Mr. Lan niere is not a monster or a decrepit centenarian. He is still in his prime, and is a very agreeable and accom plished man of the world. He is well connected, moves in the best society, and would spoil my life." " He couldn't give mo happiness, and could give his wife everything." " Oh, well, if you feel so, there is nothing more to be said. I can tell you, though, that multitudes of girls would be glad of your chance ; but, like so many young people, you have romantic ideas, and do not appreciate the fact that happiness restlts chiefly from the conditions of our lot, and that we soon learn to have plenty of affection for those who make them all we could desire;" and she touched a bell for the waitress, who had been temporarily dismissed. The girl came in with a faint smile on her face. "Has she been listen ing?" thought Marian. " That creature, then, with her vain, pretty, yet vulgar face, is the type of what I was. She has been lighting the drawing-room for me to do what she proposes to do later in the evening. She looks just the same. Mamma is just the same. Callers will come just the same. How unchanged all is, as papa said it would be ! I fear much may be unchangeable." She soon left the dining-room for the parlour, her dainty, merry little campaigning-ground. What should be its future record? Could she carry out the scheme of life which her father had suggested ? " Well," she con cluded, with anominousflashinhereyes at her fair reflection in the mirror, "whether I can incite any one to better things or not, I can at least do some freezing out. That gossipy, selfish old Mr. Lanniere must take his million to some other market. I have no room in my life for him. Neither do I dote on the future acquaintance of Mr. Strahan. I shall put him on probation. If men don't want my society and regard on the new conditions, they can stay away; if they persist in coming, they must do something finer and be something finer than in the past. The friendship of one man like Fen.. ton Lane is worth more than the attention of a wilderness of muffs and sticks, as papa calls them. What I fear is that I shall appear goody goody, and that would disgust every one, including myself." CHAPTER VII. SURPRISES. MR. LANNIERE evidently had serious intentions, for he came unfashionably early. He fairly beamed on the young girl when he found her at home. In deed, as she stood before him in her radiant youth, which her evening cos tume enhanced with a fine taste quickly recognised by his practised eyes, he very justly regarded her as better than anything which his mil lion had purchased hitherto. It might easily be imagined that he had added a little to the couleur de rose of the future by an extra glass of Bur gundy, for he positively appeared to exude an atmosphere of affluence, complacency, and gracious intention. The quick-witted girl detected at once his King- Cophetua air, and she was more amused than embarrassed. Then the eager face of Fenton Lane arose in her fancy, and she heard his words, "I would shoulder amusket and march away to-morrow if you bade me." How insignificant was all that this man could offer, as compared with the boundless, self-6acrificicg love of the other, ue6ore whom her heart bowed in sincere homage if nothing more ! What was this man's offer but an ex pression of selfishness? And what could she ever be but an accessory of his Burgundy? Indeed, as his eyes, humid from wine, gloated upon her, and. he was phrasing his well-bred social platitudes and compliments, quite oblivious of the fact that her eyes were taking on the blue of a winter sky, her cheeks began to grow a little hot with indignation and shame. He knew that she did not love him, that naturally she could not, and that there had been nothing in their past relations to inspire even gratitude and respect towards him. In truth, his only effort had been to show his preference and to indicate his wishes. What then could his offer mean but the expectation that she would take him as a good bargain, and, like any well-bred woman of the world, comply with all its conditions? Had she given him the impression that she could do this ? While the possibility made her self-reproachful, she was conscious of rising resentment towards him who was so complacently assum ing that she was for sale. "Indeed, Miss Vosburgh," was the the conclusion of his rataer long pre liminaries, "you must not run away soon again. June days may be charming under any circumstances, but your absence certainly insures dull June evenings." " Your are burdening your con science without deceiving me," the young girl replied, demurely, "and should not so wrong yourself. Mamma said that you were very en tertaining, and that last evening was a delightful one. It could scarcely be otherwise. It is natural that people of the same age should be congenial I will call mamma at once." " I beg you will not-at least not just yet. I have something to say to which I trust you will listen kindly and favourably. Do you think me so very old ?" " No older than you have a perfect right to be, Mr. Lanniere," said the girl, laughing. ' I can think of no reason for your reproachful tone." " Let me give you one then. Your opinions are of immense importance to me." "Truly, Mr. Lanniere, this is strange beyond measure, especially as I am too young to have formed many opinions." " That fact only increases my admi ration and regard. One must reach my years in order to appreciate truly the dewy freshness of youth. The world is a terra incognita to you yet, and your opinions of life are still to be formed. Let me give you a chance to see the world from lofty, sunny elevations." "I am too recently from my geo graphy not to remember that while elevations may be sunny,. they are very cold," was the reply, with a charming little shiver. "Mont Blanc has too much perspective." "Do not jest with me or misunder stand me, Miss Vosburgh," he said, impressively. " There is a happy mean in all things." "Yes, Mr. Lanniere, and the girl who means to be happy should take care to discover it." " May it not be discovered for her by one who is better acquainted with life? In woman's experience is not happiness more often thrust upon her than achieved ? I, who know the world and the rich pleasures and triumphs it affords to one who, in the military phrase of the day, is well supported, can offer you a great deal -more than most men, I assure you. "Why, Mr. Lanniere;" said the young girl, looking at him with demure suprise, "I am perfectly contented and happy. No ambi tion for triumphs is consuming me. What triumphs ? As for pleasure, each day brings all and more than I deserve. Young as one may be, one can scarcely act without a motive." "Then I am personally nothing to you?'.' he said stiffly, and rising. " Pardon me, Mr. Lanniere. I hope my simple directness may not appear childish, but it seems to me that I have met your suggestions with natural answers. What should you be to me but an agreeable friend of mamma's ?" He understood her fence perfectly, and was aware that the absence of a mercenary spirit on her part made his suit appear almost ridiculous. If her clear young eyes would not see him through a golden halo, but only as a man and a possible mate, wha: could he be to her? Even gold-fed egotism could not blind him to the truth that she was looking at him, and that the thought of bartering herself for a little more of what she had to her heart's con tent already was not even considered. There was distressing keenness in the suggestion that, not wanting the ex traneous things he offered, no motive was left. Me was scarcely capable of suspecting her indignation that he should deem her capable of sacrific ing her fair young girlhood for greater wealth and luxury, even had she coverted them-an indignation enhanced by her new impulses: The triumphs, happiness, and power which she now was bent. on achieving could never be won under the dense shade of his opulent selfishness. He em bodied all that was inimical to her hopes and plans, all that was opposed to the motives .and inspiration re ceived from her father, and she looked at him with unamiable eyes. While he saw this to some extent, he was unaccustomed to denial by others or by himself. She was allur ingly leautiful, as she stood before him-all the more valued because she valued herself so highly, all the more coveted because superior to the sordid motives upon which even he had counted as the chief allies in his suit. In the intense longing of a self-indul gent nature he broke out, seizing her hand as he spoke : "Oh, Miss Marian, do not deny me. I know I could make you happy. I would give you everything. Your slightest wish should be law. I would be your slave." "I do not wish a slave," she replied, freezingly, withdrawing her hand. "I am content, as I told you; but were I compelled to make a choice it should be in favour of a man to whom I could look up, and whom I could aid in manly work. I shall not make a choice until compelled to by my heart." (To be continucd.) 