IN MARBLE IIALLS. OlIAVTEll I. In ono of tho spacious rooms of an t old Neapolitan palaoo sat a young girl, lior liond 'bowed over a book.- Tho sunlight stroamod through tho stained windows, onsting purple and . ortmBon pntohos ovor tho groy mnrblo . floor,1 lighting ltor oliostnut hair with ritddy glory, imparting n tinge of eolour to tlio cloar pallor of ltor boau- tifulfnoo. .. : - No sound from tho ontor world oamo to mar tho almost deadly still- noss of tho place, for tho palaoo was -just far onough from tho city to soomi . isolntod. . - ' ; It stood in largo ornngo and citron. . ,:grovos,'; gloaming paloly through: tho-; -denso foliago . whoro tho nightingnlos: : had . thoir. homos . and tho swallows J clustered through all the winter: . months. It had boon tho nnoostral homo of an .anoiont and noblo Italian : race,; hut tho last.of the lino had fallon .oni evil days, and was a , wnndoror on! tho fnco of the oarth,": and tho old; halls oohood now- witli English voicos,: Euglisli laughter,- nnd English words.; It had boon lot for a nominal- sum to Luko Orny, an oeeontrio and dis-' appointod man. i- IIowns an oxporimontnlist in uiioiiiiowj, uuu jiuii iiuvwi- auutuvuu : ronown. In fact, ho was ono of thoso unfortunatos who suceood in nothing ; . .and when his wife diod, nnd- . ho lost half his fortune, ho turnod in disgust from his nativo land to bury: himself ,iu tho old half-ruinod palaoo of tho Murillos. Hero for oightoon years ho had livqdi with ' Hyacinth, his only nnd , rmuch-nogloctod ohild, his' studies wholly engrossing him, making . him blind, to tho girl's growing beauty, . . closing his lionrt ' against lovo and delight. But Hyacinth made friends for lior- .5 self, and chief among thorn were tho : Estos, a pi'oud and honorable family, whoso oldest 'son, Raphaol, as ho grow into manhood, evinced a moro than . . ordinary interest in tho fair-hnirod 1 English girl; It was lie who taught her musio nnd..dnnoing, ho who instructed hor in ?.nll things but hor books, criticised -her somewhat crude drawings — was in all mntters-hor " guide, philosophor, and friond.''1 ' ,i ,;But far Raphael Esto hor education would have boon of tho most moagre kind. 1 As it: was, although slio knew neither. French nor -Herman, sho was woll grounded in suoh studios as lie ."ehoso for her. , \- Sho spoke Italian and English with equal fluency ; was acquainted- with i JSngljsh manners and customs, hecauso . Raphaol had been both to Eton and \- Oambridgo, nnd had brought back . with him . many of our national ways. ; -- Shb saw," tho world through" his eyos, ' his opinions wore -hers, and- yet no word- of - love had passed botwoen i thorn, nnd Hynointh scarcely dreamed ., lie was donrer. to her than nny other \- orenturo on- earth. ' . , Siuldonly, she lifted her head, for > outside slio heard a flower-girl singing as shepnssod on lier way to tho city. ; It was oiily a ' simple 'song, and lost ; most of its- charm when translated to English, but 'it was familiar to , Hyacinth, alid ijho air was sweet : — . ; My young lord's tho lovor < Of ovury burning thought .. ! That Lnvn's will, that Love's Hkill Within Ilia breast has wrought. - 1 \- Tho voice died away, and the girl' rested hor ohin in her littlo dimpled : palm, .and broodod over the . words, dronmod, too, if tho singer was fair „ and glad, if her life was goodly and i swoot. ; Sho was givon to droaming, boiug ! so often nlono. Tho sunshine grow hroador and . brighter, tlio crimson, purple and ornngo deoponod on tlio grey marblo : floor., . She stirred and sighed slightly. The windows wore opon, and sud denly a dark, handsome face peered through ono of them, and a slender supple hand tossed a cluster of whito blossoms into Hyacinth's lap. . She started up, a flush on her pale face, lior pansy-coloured eyes full of a groat light. , i-Bapliael, you, hero! How onrly (youaro. And, pray, what havo:you in your hand?' ' ' A letter — nn English letter. I took-it from Yeri at the gates. May I come in?.' ; ' Of course you -may. I am all " anxiety to know who is mine : or fathor's correspondent.' - ' :' The young man . vaulted in through the window, and -handed Hyacinth the sv lotter. . '' ' - ,: ' What a orahhod hand. But who would writn to fnlhor aftor nil thoso lyoars of silonco ? ' ' Satisfy your curiosity by taking it to him at ouco,' Buggostod Bapliaol. 1 Ooino with mo ; ho is in tho labor atory, as usual,' with a hardly-Bup- iprossod Bigh. Togothov thoy trod tho timo-worn corridors, and oamo at last to an alcovo hung with crimson tapestry. Parting tho curtains thoy entered a largo, lofty room, whoro a grey- . bearded man sat, surrounded by phials, tubos, and various-colourod liquids. \- ' What is it ? ' he askod, impa- tiontly, lifting a refined, weary-looking ;fnco, and fixing his dark eyos upon 'tlio girl. 'You know how I hate to bo interrupted ! ' Hynointh advanced timidly; ' I have brought you a letter, fathor; Baphaol took it from Yeri, and 'it oonios from Englnnd.' Mr. Cray's worn face flushed duskily., ; ' "After all those years,' ho said, and took it from her. . But the handwriting was strange, and told i him ; nothing. With fingers that, trembled slightly ho toro open flin'.nnvnlnna. and took out a busineBS- looking note, whioh ho read twice be fore communicating its contents to Hynointh. Thon, somewhat fluttered iii'vbioo and manner, ho snid, — I This is from your maternal grand father's solicitor, Hyacinth. It ap pears tho old man is dond, and you inherit tho wliolo of his estate, boiug the ohild of his oldest daughter. I supposo your cousin, Howell Bode, isn't too ploasod to find himself second in tho field ; but of course your grand father Humphrey could do nothing in tho mattor, as tho land and fortune dosoend in a straight lino. My dear, nqoopt my congratulations ; you are a groat heiress.' Baphaol sat silent, looking far from ploasod at the ohdngo .in Hyaointh's prospoots. She herself sat' down and lookod at him with wide-opened eyes. I I did not know until now that I had any relations,' she said. 'Who is Howoll Bodo ? And what is he ? ' 'Ho is your cousin, and I suppose a gontleman at loisuro, as your Aunt Clara married woll. Your mother's marring© gave . groat offence to her family,' with noorbity, ' and thoy never acknowledged lior after it.' — . . . | ' Oh! And, pray, what is my for-' tune?' ' Threo thousand a year, with a fine old plaoo in Suffolk.' ' Congratulate mo, Baphael,' the girl - oried,' oxoitodly. ; ' Aren't you glad to hear of- my prosperity ? ! ' No, lie retorted, - brusquely. 'It sots you further ofE from m I pro- forrcd you in : your comparative poverty.', > 'But,' in n hurt tono, ' I fanoy it must he good to ho rich.' Money is a wonderful help to happiness. -Father, have I any other cousins? ' , ' Howell -has a sister ; I-think her name is Julia. But you understand, child, this will makes no difference to you for two years. On your twenty- first birthday you must appear at Cavendnlo to tnlco possession of your own. Until thon we shall romnin hero. I, for one, havo no wish to see England again.' 1 Aud yet it is your land and mine. I have often wished to visit it. Baphael-tolls such wonderful tnles of its cities and towns. Oh ! ' turning to1 tho young man, ' I should have been glad to have your good wishes.' 'Thoy are always yours,' lie an swered; gravely ; ' hut I have a fancy your new grandeur will, bring, you no happiness.'. ' Don't say you havo a presentiment of ill. That is suoh \a threadbare (idea with so many modern novelists. All the heroes and horoines have fore bodings ; all thoir ancient families havo legends and ghosts, until I am tempted to wish -all tlio aristooraoy "out of the world's way, out of the light." ' : 'You little domocrat,' ho said, with a laugh that was but half-hearted. 'No; I have no forebodings; Hya cinth, but I havo a ' strong desire to keep you liore. I think you will nover be happier than -.you - are with us..'' ; Mr. Cray -looked '-keenly ot him; Klinn flrnd — ' f Go away, both of you. I am busy 'now, but to-night we will talk matters , ovor. No, no — no moro ' questions now. Hyacinth.' ' Just one. Am'I liko my mother? Toll me that. I know so little of lior.' ' You aro her liying imago ; ' and he turned wonrilv to his self-imposed labours. The young pooplo went out into the garden, whoro brokon stntuos and usoloss fountains still testified to by gone : grandeur, - Baphaol was very eilont, and his fiuo fnoe wore a gloomy look wholly now to it. ' What is it ? askod tho girl, glanc ing with now-born -sliynoss into his dark and glowing oyes. ' After all I shall not leave hero for two years, and then I shall come baok as soon as my business is settled.' 'Hyaointh!' ho oriod, suddenly, ' why should you go at all ? Stay with mo, I want you most of any. What Bhould I do without you ? ' He had tnlcon her hands in his, and clasped thorn closely. The girl heart suddenly woke to passionate life, and slio: was afraid of hor own joy. Perhaps - ho misconstrued hor silonco, for with a sigh ho released her and moved a little from her. 'I was a fool to hold my pence so long. Had I but spoken yesterday you , would , havo givon mo credit for roal dovotion to you, but to-day every thing is altered botwoen us — you are an heiress' Her pale faoo flushed rosily; her breath onme quiokly. Just a moment sho hesitated,' then she followed Baphaol nnd laid her hand timidly upon his arm.. . 'Do you mean,' sho said, tromu- lously, ' that you lovo mo as Petrarch loved Laura ? ' ' Yes,' he answered, and at tho ex pression of hor eyos his heart leapt within him'. ' But of what use is it to toll you this now ? ' ' Baphael, I never guessed until to day how much I was to you. Oh! don't you see this fortune that has eome to me would bring me nothing but misery — if — if it meant separa tion from you? Speak! don't tempt mo to say more.' Ho caught her in his arras and held hor fast, kissing hor with wild love and joy. ' Sweetheart,' ho whispered, ' shall you never be sorry for this? Shall ;you always be satisfied with me? ' Sho laughed through her. tears. ' Call me swoethenrt again ! ' she cried ; ' there is no name to compare with our doar old English word.' ' Have you thought what Mr. Cray will say to our sudden engagement ? ' ' What objeotion can lie offer, Baphaol? Besides, you know, ho is not sufficiently interested in me to care much what I do, and he has always liked you.' But Baphael was not vory hopeful of cainincr Mr. Cray's consent, nnd was for ending the suspense at once, only Hyacinth pleaded,—' Lotus have this one hour to ourselvos,' nnd he yielded without further persuasion. So tho long morning wore away in blissful content. ' Do you suppose,' said Hyacinth, 'I Bliall find anything so lovely in England as this old house and the groves ? Ah 1 ' with a deep breath, ' this is Hoaven.' 'Why don't you speculate on your new relatives ? ' ' I do, nnd I've a fanoy I shall not liko them. I have taken a foolish prejudice to thoir names ; Howell and Julia are so frightfully harsh.' . Baphaol laughed. ' I'm afraid you are not very patriotic. Nothing English appears to .ploase you. But indeed you should be proud of your nationality.' ' Perhaps I am,' thoughtfully, ' but j. Know next to nooning or my native country, and I shall be a stranger among my own kinsfolk. I begin, to be sorry that this fortune has come to me. How terribly wrath Howell must he to think a little bit of a girl takes all away from him.' Then they drifted into purely per sonal talk whioh would interest none hut themselves, nnd it was not until ,a servant came to summon theih to luncheon that they were aware :how time was passing. 'You will stay, of course?' Bnid JtLyneintn, ana they went in together. ; When the meal was ended, the young, man .begged a few moments alone' with Mr. Cray; tho elder, man looked impatient. ' Pray be as brief as you can, Este. I am engaged on a very peculiar subject, and grudge every minute I spend away from the laboratory.' 'I will not detain you long, sir. The fact is I spoke to Hyaointh this morning, and she has promised to be my wife. We shall bo glad to know you approve tho step we have taken.' Ho spoke somewhat imperiously, having a great contempt for the ex perimentalist. ' Just so, just so ; but I thought you wished to oonsult. me on some subjeot of importance. Oh, yes, you' have my consent. I shall not be sorry to trans fer Hyacinth to other hands. Eeally, b daughter is suoh a responsibility. Now if I had had a son he could have helped me in my researches ' But he was talking to the air. Ba phael had already disappeared in pur suit of -Hyacinth, whom he chrried off to his' own home, to bo kissed aud congratulated by his sisters Aloyseand Amelotte ; to be rejoiced over by his handsome, statoly mother, who was nonetheless pleased at the engage ment because of Hyacinth's' accession to wealth. . In the bitter day that followed so swiftly tlio unhappy girl would look baok to this one morning as the best and- brightest in all her young life, would cry aloud to have but one hour of it back, in which to rejoice a little be fore death came to give her the 'sorely- desired' release. " That night she could not sleep for lifinDinflBfl' nil A wnndAvod linw nhA could have lived so long in ignorance of her own heart; how sue could have found life so good without Ba- phael's love. Towards dawn -she fell asleep, and did not .wake until the sun was well up, and the birds were making mad melody in the groves hard by. ' She sprang up, and throwing opon her window, looked towards the dis tant oity. 'Wo will be married ot Naples,' sho said, in a glad whisper ; ' we have spont so many happy hours togother there 1 Oh 1 was ever a girl so luoky as I?' She ran downstairs and went to tho breakfast room; expecting to find her father thoro, but being disappointed, hurried to tho laboratory. ' Good morning, father ! ' sho oried, entering ' am I not late ? ' Ho was sitting orect in his chnir, hut he did not reply to her. Sho was not surprised, because he was always so absent-minded ; so she spoke moro loudly, — ' Broakfast has been waiting a groat while, and I am ravenous,' And when he still kept silent sho grow nervous. Fathor 1 ' she cried, and shook him gently ; then for tho first time she saw his face, and although she had nover lookod on death she recognised it at a glance, and shrieking wildly foil at her fathor's foot. Hearing her piercing ory tho ser vants rushed in, to find her with her arms clasped about his knees, moaning out prayers to him to spoak to hor, not to leavo her lonely. He had never been an nffeotionate parent, but ho was her only known relative, and her grief was terrible to witness. One of the servants lifted her gently in his arms and carried her to an adjoining room, whilst another ran for Baphaol, who quickly arrived, accom panied by his mother. Vainly the young man endeavoured to soothe her ; she olung about him weeping violently, and crying out that she had never loved hor father 88 she ought. But at last she slept, from sheer ex haustion, and then Baphael rose and went out to make such arrangements as were necessary. Of course there was nn inquest, at which it was proved 'Mr. Orny died of heart diseaso, and Howell Bede was telegraphed to attend the funeral and the rending of tho will. And until his arrival Hyacinth lay supine nnd helpless, looking like the ghost of her old self, nnd sonroely ever speaking. Tho shook of her father's death had robbod her of all energy, nnd she was never remarkable for force of character, but rather sweetness and docility; At length the day of the funeral dawned, nnd about an hour before noon Howoll Bode arrived. Ho was welcomed by Bapbnel, whom ho regarded with a glance of disfavour. 'You are Bnphnel Este. I made inquiries of the host nt my inn, and he told me all tho particulars of my kinsman's denth, also the supposed relationship existing between you and my cousin. May I ask it this engage ment preceded Hyacinth's aceession to the Oovondnlo estates ? ' 'It did not,' Baphael answered, flushing hotly; 'but what of that? By birtli I am somewhat Miss Oray'e superior, and though we have fallen on demooratio times, blue blood is still hold in esteem.' ' Blue blood won't keep a man,' retorted Howell, rudely, ' but we will leave discussion on any matter until after the funeral. And I should like to see my cousin at once.' Burning with a sense of sudden hate,' Baphael controlled himself yet. Tt would bo'unnAAinlv In ntinrrnl witli any of Hyacinth's friends on such a day as this, so he sent a servant to tell tho girl Howell hnd nrrived, and was asking for her. She answered the summons at once, and she thrust aside the heavy curtains nnd stood a moment in their shadow, Baphael glanced keenly at Howell, wondering what impression her beauty had made on him. But there was no admiration in the hard, reddish-brown eyes, no kindness on the cold, almost cruel face. Hynointh was not at all the sort of woman he affected, but for 'purposes of his own he did not intend she should loam this yet. She came forward slowly, dragging her weary limbs across the marble floor, and held out a slim, white hand to him. ' You are my cousin, so we should be good friends ; and you — you have come to eeo the laBt of him ? ' and she lifted her lovely violet" eyes, all drowned in tears, to his face, as though she sought some resemblance there to her dead parent. ' I have come to take care of you, if need be,' he answered, making his voice impressive and affectionate. But Hyacinth could not help think ing it did not accord with his eyes, and felt an instinotive distrust of him. She turned with an air of relief to Bapliaol. ' Do not leave me any more,' she snid, ' until the funeral is over. I feel so unbefriended.' ' You have you cousin now,' with a little natural jealousy, ' and he seems inclined to monopolise you.' He hnd spoken in Italian, and she answered in the same language. ' I dislike him, Baphael, and we shall never be friends.' Howell Bede regarded them frown- ingly. He had a suspicion that they were disoussing him, and resented this keenly, so lie broke in, abruptly, — 'Hyacinth, had you not best dress now ? You have no time to spare.' Baphael crimsoned at the half- veiled insolence of his tone, but deemed it wisest not to interfere, and Hyaointh tendered a ready ohedienoe, so that the eloud blew over. But for the remainder of the day he nan smaii ennnoe or speecn witn ner. Howell Bede lod her to the grave, and supported her back again, speak ing words of consolation, which she scarcely seemed to hear. Afterwards they all assembled in the breakfast-room, where the will wne produced and read. Until then Baphael had hoped that Hyaointh had been left to his mother's guardianship until she came of aire, but he was doomed to a cruel dis appointment. ("To be continued, J 