THE TH E ROGER'S SECRET" — _ A TALE OF Tin-: riK ate cays and lagoons „ OF CUBA. By HAEEY COLLIXGWOOD, Author of "The Log of the Firing Fish.' "The Pirate Island." ' The Congo Rovers," " Under the Meteor Flog," etc. ClIArTEIv XXL— An TJirExrEcrED Meeting As tiie man wss dead, it was useless to trouble further about him, especially as there were so many of the living to be attended to ; I there- turned again toward the occupants ot' the cabin and said : " Ladies and gentlemen, I am very pleased to be able to assure you that you have no further cause for apprehension ; the privateer has been captured and this vessel retaken by the boats of his Britannic majesty's schooner Dolphin, under ray command ; my men are now busy on deck, and on board the brigantine, securing the ; prisoners; and it will be my duty — Good heavens— it cannot be — and yet it surely is — JUT FATHER !" I had, whilst speaking, been gradually advancing nearer to the table, and consequently 1 more directly into the full Ifekt of the cabin 1 lamps : and tny speech had been interrupted, end the above startled exclamation wrung from - me, by seeing one of the occupants of the sofas riso with difficulty to his" feet to gaze ; with an expression of intense -eagerness in my direction. My -attention, had thus, naturally, | been attracted towards him, and I could scarcely credit the evidence of my senses when , in the worn and someweat haggard features x>f the gazer, I recognised the well-remembered lineaments ef my father. Yet so it was, there : could be no mistake about it ; for as I sprang toward him, lie ejaculated my name. "Lionel,"' and. overcome with emotion, reeled and fell, bound hand and foot as he was, into i my arn p. Ab I emb: aced him our lips met, and | I then received almost tho first paternal kiss of j which 1. had ever tae.n conscious. j I tenderly reseated him on the sofa, and throwing myself on my kneea before him, busied myself in casting loose the lashings which confined his feet, glad to have so good au excuse for bowing my head, and thus con cealing the tears of emotion which sprang from my eyes. My father was even more overcame 4-foan T true T li?a lint. #» fiTH fjilliBor vinnn . lay hands i s he bent over me ; and it was not until I had completely released him that ho regained composure enough to ejaculate, as he fervently grasped my hand : "Thank God — oh! thank God for this mos unexpected and welcome meeting, my precious boy, my own Lionel ; and still more for your oppor tune arrival. Ycu and your brave fellows made known your presence just in time to proven!: what in another moment would have become a perfect pandemonium of violence, and probably of murder also. You are welcome, my son. mort welcome, not only to me, but also, I am sure, to everyone else in this cabin. " This assurance was heartily echoed by every body present, with the exception of the un happy lady in whose arms lay the wounded child fiud she was evidently too much absorbed in her own grief to notice or be conscious of what was taking place. The sight of her and her misery recalled me to myself, and reminded me of the many duties I yet had to perform; so leaning over my father and pre sing a, kis3 upon his forehead — down which, by the way, the blood was slowly trickling from a slight cut- less wound — I said : " Thank you, < dear father, for your affectionate greeting. I must not remain any longer with you, however, for the present, glad as I om to have bo unexpectedly met ; I Lavs v. any matters yet which must be attended to ; but I will rejoin you without fail the moment I feel myself at liberty to do so. Meanwhile, have no fear of any further violence ; a strong detachment of my crew is in possession of both vessels, and the schooner herself is not far distant. I will send some luon iu to release your companions from their bonds ond to help you all in putting matters straight once more ; and, as I ceo that several of you have been wounded in defence of tlie ship, I will at one© despatch a boat — if. indeed, she be not already gone — for the Dolphin's surgeon." ' Many thanks to you, voung gentleman, for your kind offer," exclaimed one of tho occupants of the sofa, "bit if youTl kindly draw yonr knife across these lashings of mine you need not call your surgeon away from your own men— who I'll b© bound stand in greater need of his services than wo do. I am the doctor of this ship, and if I can only get my hands and legs I'll scon attend to my share of the patients, and then help my brother saw bones to attend to his as well, if, indeed, he oares to accept my help " "Thank yon, my dear sir," said T,. "Mr. : Sanderson will be only too glad to avail him- Belf of your services, I know; for I feat bar Casualties to night xvi'd prove to be very heavy When. we have time to reckon them un. Allow ine." I at once set to werk to cast the worthy medico adrift, my father at the same time -per forming a like office for those nearest him ; and, having released the doctor, I then hurried out On deck to see how matters were progressing. 4w e?;0UTlterd the coxswain and several of 1 Clw oa quarter-deck. They were just about to enter the cabin in search of me to that the ship had been searched and all the Frenchmen on board secure! and passed (lown the side into the brigantine, and to in- QniTe what they should next do. Looking over the Inaiaman's lofty bnlwarksMown on to the oeok or the brigantine, E saw that there too the prison) h#H Wn ©nd eassed Ik1»v. o- and that our lads were already busy overhaul ing the prostrate and separating the living from the dead. I thereupon directed the coxswain to release the crew of the Indiaman — who were at that moment tying bound hand and foot in the forecastle— to rout out three lanterns, and to hang them lighted one above the other in tho ship's rigging, as a preconcertal signal to Wood ford thaiwo had been successful ; and then to < take the gig with eight hands and pull away to the Dolphin for the doctor. My next task was to send a couplo of trustworthy hands into the . India man a .cabin to assist tho passengers in any vray which might be found needful ; after which I scrambled down on board the brigantine toseo how matters were going there. I had just gained the deck of the prize when ' the three lanterns were displayed in the India- , man's rigging, upon which a hearty cheer came - ringing over the water from no great distance, , j and, though wc coald see nothing, the lightning haying by this time ceased, we soon heard the measured roll and rattle of sweeps, succeeded a few minutes later by the an ival of the Dolphin alongside ; W oodford having grown impatient had determined to see for himself what was going forward. This, of course, greatly facilitated matters, as we wore enabled to transfer our wounded directly on board the schooner, where Sander son was all ready awaiting them; and this we made our first task. Our casualties were very heavy, as I had feared they would be, five of the ; atta cking party being killed, and seventeen of them wounded severely enough to need the doctor's services ; the Flench loss being twenty- two killed and forty-five wounded; so des perate, indeed, had been their defence that there were only three of them who had escaped completely unscathed. About an hour after the arrival of the Dolphin alongside the prizes, the doctor of the Indiaman came down to assist our " surgeon, at the same time reporting all his patients, with one exception — but including the ; skipper end chief officer, bolh of whom 1" had supposed to be dead — to be doing well; The oue melancholy exception was the poor little boy I had seen lying wounded in his mother's lap, and he the worthy doctor feared would not outlast the night. The brave little fellow, it seemed, from the story told by the doctor, had been cruelly cut down by the wretch I had killed, in revenge for the child having resented , with a blow an attempted insult to his mother made by the ruffian after all tho crew and male passengers of the Indiaman had been secured. I am not ashamed to say that on hear- mw A ua. ¥ixig siaui U16 Yiixain; I ieifc that death by the sword was too good for him, hanging in chains being more in accordance with his deserte. And here I may state that it seemed more than probable this "would be the ultimate Lit© of the survivor of the brigantiae's crew, for although they claimed that the vessel , was «l letter of marque, no papers couldbo found , to substantiate that claim, although I allowed ; the chief officer every facility to find and pro duce them — if he could. At length, having seen all the wounded at tended to and made as comfortable as possible, and having told off a prize crew for the brigan tine and' placed Woodford in command of the Indiaman, with half a dozen Dolphins to assist her own crew ia navigating the vessel, I re- tamed on board and had another short but pleasant interview with my father, which was woken in unon by Woodiord with the report that a breeze was springing up. I therefore bade a hasty adieu to the passengers, most of whom had by this time in a great measure re covered their equanimity, and hastened on board the schooner, When the three vessels were cast adrift, the sails trimmed to a gentle easterly breeze, and a course shaped for Jamaica, j it being my intention to escort the prizes into port. j On the following morning, the weather I fiue, I had the gig lowered and went on board | the Indiaman — which I may here mention was j named the Truxilio, the brigantine being the | Clarice — when I. forth© first time, hear? an account of the circumstances attending her j C loture. She hailed, it appeared, from London, from which port she had originally sailed, having on board twenty-two adult passengers, with five children ; Bpecie amounting to one hundred and fiity thousand pounds, and a very valuable cirgo, all for Kingston. She had joined a convoy at Plymouth, and had sailed withit, all going, Weil with the fleet until they reached the neighbourhood of latitude 25deg. N. and longitude M«j. W., when a hurricane was eaccuitered which completely scattered the convoy, and compelled the Truxilio to run to tbe 8 into ward for three days under bare pole©. It was, of course, almost hopeless to think of fjl'iiig in with the fleet again after the hurri cane &ul; blown its df out — the fleet no longer existed, in fact, the ships of which it was com posed having been pre'ty eff ectttally dispersed ; as soon, therefore, as he could make sailagftm, ; Captain Barnes, the master of the Trilxfflo, determined to chape a course "for Jamaica, and take. Ins chance of being able to reatffi it unmolested. Tide determination he bad put into effect with most satisfactory results up to the moment of his capture, only two- sail having been sighted in the interim, neither of which had taken the slightest notice of him . Nor when, on the preceding evening jsst before -sunset, the look-out had sighted and re ported the Clarice, did her appearance excite the leaat uneasiness. She was so small a vessel compared with the Truxilio, that nobody con descended to honour her with more than a glanee of the most curse ry description. More over, being discovered on the starboard bow, reaching out from the direction wherein land was known to be, with her yards artfully £11- b raced, her vayaa badly get, her running gear hanging all in bights, and her speeds-retarded by a topmast stad iing-sail being dropped, overboard and to we 1 from. her lee Qoarter— lass than that of the veriest Noah?s ark of a north-covnfry collier, she was at once set down ms a harmless coaster, and no further notice ta&Ba; o£ ber. GSo ekilfufly, indeed,, had tho French dripper managed Jus yngquoach that- eve&sirhen.; shortly, after . nridmgkl, his vessel" dropped alongfflde the lodiaman, the .occur- J renps owaa regarded iui smthing moroau au ; accentof .the most trivial . clmratSer; and it>: wasnot uutillus cxew were actually saianniug ; up the Truxillo's lofty aides . that the alarm. < was given, and the crew, .snatching hond- spikes., belay ing-pias, billets of wood from, the raliey, or any other weapon which they could ; first lay hands on, too late bestirred them selves in the defence of their ship. Notwith standing their total lack of preparation the English made a sturdy and protracted re sistance, affording the passengers ample time to arm themselves; and when at length the Xndiaman's mew were driven below, the cap tain end chief mate retreated to the cabin, j which, with the assistance of the male pas- 1 sengers, they successfully held for -fully twenty iiuuuvQB ww overy otuer panvi utefimu was 'inpoExession of the enemy. It was during thfe resistance 'that the two officers named received such serious wounds us prostrated them on the saloon floor apparently lifeless, and it was only with their foil that the re sistance terminated. The fight over, the male passengers were promptly disarmed and secured, and a scene of pillage and violence, the introduction to which was an insult offered to one of the lady pas sengers and the cruel cutlass-stroke inflicted tipou her almost infant eon for resenting it, was just commencing, when it was happilv cut short by the appearance of the Dolphin's boats upon the scene." The weather continuing fine, I remained on beard the Truxilio until well on in the after noon, taking luncheon with the passengers at one o'clock, and many were the compliments and of fc-Teiterated the thanks which they be- ! stowed upon me for what they were pleased to i term " my gallantly" iu rescuing them ! from the clutches of the French despe- ; rados. Many of the gentlemen were officers belonging to the various regiments quartered on the island who had been home on i furlough, whilst eome of the ladies were the wives of officers already there whom they were going to join, and from what the gentlemen said, I felr eure that my conduct would on our ariualbe eo well reported as to do me the j utmost possible-service "with the admiral. My j father, too, cam© in for Ms share of compL- inpnta ani3 AnnrafisiQh'mia at luinnr +Ka no»»l UXVU-VW W»i> ««V of such a son, and tlds gratified me more than all the rest, for I could sefe that he vas both proud an d pleased . As may well be imagined I was most anxious to have a private chat with him, ub opportunity for which had yet occurred ; so atleugth seeing' that, notwithstanding an obvious wish, on the part of everybody to. leave us for a time to ourselves, we were constantly being interrupted, I proposed to him a visit to the Dolphin, which saucy craft, under her topsail, fore-trying sale, and jib only, wassailing round and round the Truriflo, notwithstanding that the latter craft was covered with canvas from her trucks down. The proposal was eagerly acceded to ; the gig, wnich had been towing astern inchosgo of- a boat-keeper, was accordingly hauled up along side, her crew tumbled do wri into bar, and in a few minutes I found -myself once more at home. Hew different everything looked here, to ba sure, from what it did on board the Indiaman ! Oursaow-white dscfov uncacuthbered by any thing save the long-boat and pinnace stowed upon the booms, the handsome range of for midable- guns on lather aide, with -their gear symmetrically arranged and tackle-ialls. neatly coiled down, "the substantial bulwarks topped by their immaculats hflmmock-cloths, the giemm- iiig polished bvass work of the various deck fittings, the taunt spars, with the orderlrmaxe of standing and runnii rigging and "thrfr broad expanse of gleaming well-cut caniae;.aud last.batbynomeausleastjthestalwartsuU-burued crew in taeir neat, clean, sue weatner suite, presented vi striking contrast to1 the Beano -on boariltheTrurillo, where confusson. disorder, and a very perceptible ©mount of dift etill leigned suprerae. My father, however did not appear to notice tbe difference, possibly his . agitation was too great to permit of his 'being keenly ssusiblo- to his outward surroundings he knew that tho momrnt for a fitll and' com plete explanation of the mystery connected with the Btrangp unreasoning jealousy which lie had cherished against to v mother had arrived; and whilst I fancied thai lie was equally eager : with myself that the explanation EhouJd be made, I could not help seeing that he at the sime time shrank from the ordeal. It was noteowithme. I instinctively felt that whatever the nature of Hie revelation about to be mad© to me, there would, be a sufficiently weak point eomewher© in the evidence to Cast a serious doubt upon tike whole ; that I should be able to assail that weak point in such a manner as not only $o satisfy myself, bat also iqy father, tkathewa# wrong; and 1 was not entirelyhopeiess , of being ajeo old© to discover a clue which, patiently followed up, would eventually lead to a satisfactory clearing up of everything. So I took my fatner's arm, conducted him below into tho cabin, rang for wine sunglasses, and as soon as the steward had disappeared, leaned over the table toward him and ; "Well, my dear father, at last we are alone, and can talk unrestrainedly. Of course I have a thousand questions to ask you, so I will com mence by inquiring to what happy chance am I indebted for the pleasure of thm most unex pected meeting with you r " ' I will tell you, Leo/' said my fathcr. 11 1 am here because I could no longer overcome my longing to feee you. That letter of yours, written after your escape from La Goayra, and in reply to several of mine, which. I gathered from what you said, reached you all at the same time, was my salvation, mentally and physically. Its healthy, manly common-sense tone acted upon my morbidly affected nrind like a strong tonic minted with wine; it swept away the mists which had beclouded my intellect, as. the keen fresh mountain breeze sweeps the morning fog from out the vaBey ; it set me titinksag, sad asktag myself questions Which had never occurred to me before ; nay, more, It Caused the sweet blossom of hop© to Spring up Wtthia my heart; and, finally, ft aroused within me a belief — or a superstition, petfmps, would be a better word— that if w© coflld utftte our forces, what is nOW'dark bright be mode light, and I could taste happiness once more. But I must begin my story at the be ginning; I eco that you are only mystified by what I have already mid ; and Want an ex planation, and you shall have ft. " I Was twenty-six years of age when I first Saw Ttrar mother. I was btaying at Amalfi at the ui&6) and it was id ai®)iifr the hills, some fifteen miles or so in the rear of the to am, that we first met. You had seen her porti⁢ you perhaps have it still, and are therefore able to judge of her appearance for yourself. I fell in love with her at first sight, and having been fortunate enough, es I then thought, to favourably impress (he old uncle, her only relative, with Whom she was living, I followed up my first accidental introduction to the inmates of the chateau untilithad ripened into a elose intimacy. And if I was attracted toward your mo -her in the first Instance by her beauty, I Was still more powerfully attracted j afterwards by her many accomplishments, «nd | 'above all' by thegentleness and amiabilityof dis- j position, the charmmginnoi&mo;&aad; truth, ond> I Jthe tmjphisticate'l ingemmuMiceB,p£ character j which Iyhought T had discovered in her. It; wawithafeSuig of luileScribablepleasure ami exultation tfupt totetect ia- Maria Bisacda's beaming, yet half- a vartod eyesr J aud blushiug cheskinvheu we mstj tho evldenros of a growing attachment for myself, which I j -did eveiyiluiig xu my power to foster and J strengthen. Jier uncie Fiavlo -seemed quickly | to guess et my wishes, and with a frankness, yet at the name time a Stately dignity, which: greatly raised tho oldgentleman in my eatiiua- i took au early opportunity to acquaint ia© j with the fact that, though some of ltaly's best i Mood flowed through his ncice'e viens, she was - absolutely penniless. That, however made no . difference whatever to me, excepting that it ; perhaps rather stimulated my nrdmdltiaan other- wiee. I loved your rnothM1 tor herself ; even ; then I was doing good work, nr, at all events, j iwOfh, Vriitul WdJ WcU MSSlBu OZ Afiu WAiCft fetched a good price, no that the thought of , marrying for money did not particularly com- mena itself to me. At leugth, whsu X felt sufficiently certain of my o»u feelingsto justify euch a step, X proposed., and was accepted with & sweet half-shyness, half -abandon of manner, which was ai piquant and chtumiug. in. effect, j as I afterwards had reason to belisve it was a consummately skilful piece Gf acting— now, do not interrupt me, Leo; wait -until you have heard me to an ond before yoa attempt to judge. Well, not to drag but toy story to an undue length, after an acquantanee of some six months we were married, and it was about a month after that date that the miniature was painted which I gave you. ' YTe removed to Rome, tafcm» up our quarters in a roomy but eotnewhat dilapidated old villa onlhe outskirts of the city, where, having now someone and something worth working for, I devoted myself in good earnest to the study and pursuit of my art. tl At the outset of -our married life,', our — or perhaps it would be more accurate to say my — ; happiness was complete, but a timo at length arrived when I was obliged to ask myself whether I had not after all made a mistake. Your mother's manner end demeanour to me was from the very first characterised by a cer tain shyness, timidity, and reserve, which, | charming and proper enough as it might bo in a maiden, or even in a new-made bride, I fully I expected and hoped would wear off under the rtf CTtbVi anfimofn IIAH O o (-LA l> AI? VU«.U uvitiTWW aaovun-lttvu ttO URtl- U1 wedded life. But it did not. "She dccoided to me father the respectful and anxiously timid obedience of a eteve to her ownei than the frank spontaneous affection 6f a wife for her husband. Not that she was cold or unresponsive to my demonstrations of affection, btit she rc- cciyed and returned them with a diffidence which lasted longer than I quite liked, and much lotigfer tbau I thought it ought to last. Then -suddenly, and:' without tho slightest apparent cause, ' she began lo manifest symptoms of fesMfesaaiess, anxiety end pre- occu pation. which Mm vainly stove to conceal beneatn an assumption of increased tendemees obviously costing her wVery great effort. Her uneasiness was so immistakable that at length, iinding ehe did not take me Into her confidence, or seek my assistance in any waV, I questioned her about it, -and was shcckail and -grieved beyond expression to' mcet only With equivocat ing and evasive replies to my questions. Then, for the first time, l began to suspect tiiat when we had married 1 was only second iu her affec tion, and the result was that, after a severe struggle with myself, I took measures to have my wife watched. This step sobn . resulted in the discovery that the woman whom I loved with such extravagant devotion, and whom I had. up to then, believed equally de voted tome, tvasin the habit ox secretly meeting a, young Italian after nigh tf all in a secluded spot at the bottom iff our own garden. So great, cvin then, was my faith in your mother, Leo. that I couui nor credit x&reuigence;, to rvnicn l infiignftntly llaVb the lie, upon which I was challenged to personally test its accumcy for ; myself, if I dared. After (his there remained but one courseqf action open to me, and Heaven, knows withxvlcit reluctance X took it. . X found \- fiiat wliat l had been told was only, too true, for I toetotly Witnessed no less than, thxee .meetings baiw san your mother and a young man whom, impci'fwitiy as I could dlatingilieh Ms form and features in the dusk, I f elt boayinced I had -somewhere seen before. At: length, after so \- prolonged a visit (hat he Was surprised by the rising moon, and his foaturea thus more fully revealed' to ihft, I idehtiSed your mother's visitor as -a- young fellow named Giuseppe Merloni, whom. — why, what is them&tter;, Leo? "Wby do you lookat inelike that ? One would swear joh had seen a ghost! What is it, my toy?" "Nothing, nothing/ I replied ; " I will tell you by and bye, father; go en with your story now, and letme know tbeworst." <! You- know the worst already, Leo," answered my father. 4 'You trill 'naturally wonder why I did not break in upon the first interview I witnessed and demand an explana- j tion. I will tell you why I did not. It was because there was really nothing beyond the clandestine character of the interview to which I could fairly object. My place of conceal ment was, unfortanatehr, so far distant from the trysting-place that I was only able to indis tinctly catch an occasional ;w©ra or two when Spoken in an incauticusly load tone of voice, but I will do your mother the justice to say that there was nothing in her manner to awaken the anger which I felt, and that what I resented as a want of loyalty to me conristed in the mere net of clandestinely meeting and conversing with young Merloni, whom, upon recognising, I at once remembered ha having been a somewhat frequent visitor Xo the chateau. Bisaccia when I first made your mother's ac quaintance. 4t At length an interview took place which proved to be the final one ; mid at this inter view I saw your mother place a package in Merlani's hands, yield herself for a moment to his embrace, and then retreat- precipitately to the house in a state of violent agitation, " It was then that, for the first time, a clear and intelligible explanation of these fttagnlnr meetings dawned upon me. I realised; all in a moment, that I had" been duped by a woman Whose diief attraction had, f Or mey Consisted not : though doubtlessaf f had ita effectn me as in that angelic purity and fa&cihatiug; sim plicity Snd truthfulness of (aracter which I now ditooyered to be a mere worthless ehano. It . wis erideiit enatigirlihnt Merlanitatd been her lover— mostprobably hzrewcejoted lbver — when I appeared upon the scone ; and that, dazzled by my appearance bf superior wealth, she had in the : most heartless and cruel m inner thrown htm overboard ; and, with a cuuning and artfulness wldch even then seemed incredible to me, laid herself out only too successfully to ensnare me, and by becom ing my wife to secure herself those comforts and luxuries which Meriani— poor shiftless scamp that he was— could never have afforded her. " Now this of itself would not perhaps have vexed me so much— for I never entertained a very high opinion of feminine conscientiousness or scrupulosity— had she, wheu accepting meJ been frank enough to admit that, whilst she \- ' J m tta-L" waa willing 4© do«tq,iii© entertained mo «very ardententwowrdjEorflp £tat#rhat inflicted sn 'inclirahTe spm tny pride and my fact that she :&ad; remided r.-to ,to|r witiiuaBBjeeBOsa of reciprocated affection, wffich wire assumed w ith ronsummate-aft. And that whitffi to sny mxnd made the worst feature of It sdl was that,' by her diabolical spetla, -ebelind won meto love her as I verily beliEve woman was -never loved before. And fhento discover all in a moment that her love for ma was mere fiction, or at any- rateu secondary sisidimeut, aifhonghj-even with such evidence before my eyes as what I jtaive it, ancTihat the idol irorslripped ' the very incarnation of falsehood and unworiM- ness, was alfeether too - much for xne; I brooded and fretted over it until I could midure it no longer, ond lhen, oub day when die seemed striving to weave auow round my heart the fatal speliof her endearments, I broke away xrom ner embrace and. suoderuy taxed Iter wztn her perfidy, chargiag her with parchashq£ her former lover's absence and' eilenco by the sacrifice of her jewBls, Ihe whole of whrch I soon ascertained were mmstag. " I hoped for atnomsut that my sudden out burst, taking Irer fey surprise, would startle her into making a confession ; but no, her self- possession. even at that trying moment, was ' perfect. For perhaps a minute ehe stood speech less, regarding me "with a rapidly changing ex pression of countenance, iu which incredulity/ surprise, horror, grief, indignation, and finally, withering scorn aud contempt, were portrayed ' with an amount of power and. skill which! feah ' never uoen equal el; thenshe retired to ber own eportments, locked herself ir , and refused to bee me for more than n week. And when, at length ' we met, and X endeavoured in a somewhat ' calmer tone to reopen theeabject, ehe positively refused to listen to a single wmd until I hod apologised to her for what she chose to designate - my base and insulting suspicions. You foi wliom onlv I have hitherto hved have insulted and humbled .me to the very dust, eaid die. " ' My conduct admits of 6 simple and easy ex planation, but I will never make it until you have at least acknowledged yourself Misty in1 bringing so shameful a charge against me with out any previous attempt to ascertain the truth. This, I considered, was, under the cir cumstances, asking too much ; and yet, after ' hurling that defiance at me, your mother's con duct was so gentle, yst dignified, "so perfectly " © /ll 9 A 4- 7 _ Si . 1. iimi ui luuco A IUII uiyccH ftimOoL iuciiued to believe that I had been the victim of some horrible halluci&ation;, and that my wif« was innocent of the deceit with which I had charged her. " Well, I need not linger over this part of my story. You can easily understand that oui domestic happiness was destroyed, and a month later our establishment was broken up and wc removed to England. There, in Loudon, in the house you know so well, yoa were born, about six months after the occurrence of the circum stances I hare related. It unfortunately happened that urgent business called me into the country just at that particular ' time ; and you may imagine (he shock I received when, on returning home, I found the whole house iu con fusion. and learned that I Lad been six hours a parent and one short half-hour n widower. Your racther died quite suddenly, and without even time to leave an intelligible message ; but I was told that her last words were : Oufchberfc, darling — cruel unjust suspicion — innocent ; and that as the last word escaped her lips she passed away." At this point of his narrative my father's voice suddenly broke, and with a wail of un controllable anguish and an exclamation of "Heaven hare mercy upon me and heal mj broken heart !" he flung his arms out upon (lit cabin table, laid his head upon them, and sobbef aloud. iO at covjimKI>. f Published by special arriagemen: with the author. 