CHAPTER II. SUSPICIONS STRENGTHENED. Time went on. I had been more than than six months with Mrs. Lindlake, and my life with her was by no means un- pleasant; although one day passed very like another. I saw but few visitors, excepting the nephews, who regarded me as a fixture - a necessary piece of furni- ture. Scarcely a person besides came to see her. She told me she had no other relations. These two continued their visits, which were in the one case fre- quent and confidential; in the other, far between, and with constraint on both sides. I made my mental comments on the two nephews, and always adhered to my first opinion, that I much preferred Roger Lindlake, although Richard Phil- ton was very civil to me, and would sometimes engage me in conversation, for which condescension I suppose he thought I ought to be much flattered. But I did not value the honor in the least. With Roger it was different. I pitied him for the snubbings with which his aunt met every- thing he said and did. I think he be- lieved he had found a friend in me. One day as I was walking alone into town he overtook me, and entered into a conver- sation. His aunt had been more than usually unceremonious in her treatment of him the last time he had called, and he referred to the circumstance with a grim smile. "I do not care to call upon my aunt very often," he said, "she misconstrues my motives. With my cousin Richard it is different; everything he says and does is right with her. You see he is her own nephew. I am one only by marriage. She brought us both up. We were both left orphans when very young, and she always made him her favorite." " Miss Hazelwood," he said suddenly, stopping short in his walk for a moment, " as true as I am here, I would rather build up my own fortune—make my own way in the world, or—or even fail to make it at all—I would rather not have one penny of my aunt's fortune than toady to her for the sake of it. I know my cousin counts upon it. He makes no secret of her riches and his expectations, and even obtains money upon the credit of them. Well, perhaps, it is fair enough if he is her heir. I don't condemn him, but I could not bring myself to do anything of the kind." I could hot help sympathising with Roger Lindlake struggling so nobly with poverty, even content to be left out in the cold rather than gain a smile from his aunt in an unworthy manner, while his more fortunate cousin was basking in the sunshine of her favor, and even fore- stalling the fortune he hoped to inherit. It was a revelation to me. In the first place I had not had the least idea that Mrs. Lindlake was very rich, though I knew, as I before said, that she was suffi- ciently so for her own comfort ; but a greater revelation was made to me as to the true motives of Richard Philton's assiduous attentions to his aunt. I made no remark, however, but merely expressed my sympathy for Roger Lindlake. We parted when we reached town. I had some shopping to do in Rundle Street. It was a very warm day, and when I had finished my mission, was glad to reach home again. I met Richard Philton coming away from the house. He civilly held the gate open for me to pass in. Remarking upon the heat and a promise of a change in the weather, he lingered as though he would like to talk even at the risk of being caught in a dust storm. He feared his aunt's company was "very dull" for a young lady ; asked if I had made many acquaintances in the neighbourhood, " Not many," I replied. " Not any !" He feared then I must then be too " self- abnegating" on his aunt's account. I replied that I had no great desire for acquaintances, that I was quietly con- tent, and tried to break off the conversa- tion as soon as possible, for I did not like his sinister face, nor his small bead-like eyes scrutinising me from under their bushy brows. So, telling him that Mrs. Lindlake was waiting for my return, I bade him a somewhat formal "good afternoon" and left him. I found Mrs. Lindlake cross and impatient for my return. She had, perhaps, been vexed I thought, at some unpleasant news, some loss in mines of which her nephew in- formed her. I could account for her un- usual irritability in no other way. But I was not left long to conjecture, for she quite startled me a little after by sud- denly saying in a querulous tone "So Roger accompanied you to town this morning?" Now, I remembered having noticed Richard Philton's figure in the distance crossing the parkland towards his aunt's house, I answered quietly, " Mr. Lindlake overtook me." " Humph," she grunted ; then, after relapsing into silence for ten minutes, she began again. " I thought you were too sensible a young woman to be taken in by a good looking man with no brains." " I am not taken in in the least." " I tell you Roger is a fool, and worse than a fool ; and he will find himself very much mistaken by and by, since he counts on me ; and you, well you are just one of those silly girls, not a bit superior to the rest of them all." It was no use taking any notice of all this, except to say that I had no interest in her nephew, but as a pleasant person to talk to, which assertion she received with her characteristic " Umph." Then I tried to divert her attention to other and more pleasant topics, and by degrees won her into a more amiable mood. A day or two later an acquaintance called, one of the very few who did come to see Mrs Lindlake, Mrs Maxton. She spoke very pleasantly to me, and before she left invited me to meet a few friends at her home on the following Wednesday evening. I thought I should like to go, and expressed myself complimented, but but referred the matter to Mrs Lindlake, who readily consented to the invitation. Accordingly I went, and spent a very pleasant evening. It was a further ini- tiation for me into colonial life and society. There was no great formality—all was careless, ease, and enjoyment without ceremony. About ten o'clock some of the guests disappeared, and I was among the first to leave. Mrs. Maxton ex- pressed her regret that Mr. Philton was not present, as she had expected, as he would have seen me safely home, which, however, her son, a boy of fifteen, readily volunteered to do. We had but to cross a few paddocks to reach Mrs Lindlake's gate, where I thanked my escort and bade him good night. As we wore approaching the house I noticed a light in a room which was always kept locked. After shutting the gate I turned again towards the house, but the light was gone. The room opened onto the verandah, which surrounded the house ; it was not used, and I had never seen the door open. I may say in passing that (as I subsequently found) this room was no Blue-Beard's chamber, but one of Mr. Lindlake's peculiarities. Having a pre- judice against banks, any money which was not employed in mining or land in- vestments was kept here in an iron safe. I went straight up to the window, which had two iron bars to protect it on the outside, and a blind was always drawn down. I stepped close noiselessly, and listened for some minutes, but could hear nothing. As I was moving away I thought I heard a noise inside, or else something creaked. I stood for some minutes more to no purpose, and supposing I must have been mistaken I went away round by the kitchen, where I found Wright, the man- servant, sitting alone by the fire, smoking his pipe. His wife and the girl Lizzie had both gone to bed, he told me, and Mrs. Lindlake not being so well as usual had retired quite early. He also said that Mr. Philton had called about 9 o'clock, and, failing to see his aunt, had inquired for me, and on being told where I was had left at once. I thought as he gave me this information, while knocking the ashes from his pipe and inserting his finger in the bowl, that he gave me a stealthy sidelong glance. Does this man suppose I am particularly interested in Mr. Philton's comings and goings ?" I said to myself with some indignation as I bade him goodnight and left him. I went to my room, which, like the locked room at the end of the house, also opened on to the verandah ; as I stood about to open my door I saw a dark figure disappear be- hind some gum trees by the fence at the end of the garden. I ran down at once to the spot ; there was no moon, the stars were bright, but I could see nothing. As I stood a moment at the fence looking across the paddock, I heard the crack of a dry stick on the ground as if snapping under someone's foot, but seeing nothing and hearing no more, though I listened for some time, I went in. The next morning Mrs. Lindlake sent word to me to come to her as soon as possible, as she was not well and would not rise. I hurried my dressing and went to her quickly. She had been in great pain she said, and was by no means free from it yet—it was a fresh attack from an old disorder. " Shall I not call a doctor ?" I asked anxiously. " A doctor, indeed ! Oh no, I never have doctors in my house. I do not be- lieve in them. I always doctor myself. Will you lock for a book, my dear, which I always keep on my dressing table—a thick book, on homeopathy—you have it. Well now turn to the index and find what I tell you." I did so, and finding the page indicated, read the directions for treating her illness. Then I prepared some medicines as she told me to do from her medicine chest and gave them to her at stated times. I felt anxious to follow her directions to the letter, whether she were wisely pre- scribing for herself or not, for I thought that by quietly acquiescing in her wishes, thereby keeping her mind soothed and at rest, it would go a long way towards her restoration. Her nephew came often every day, indeed—sometimes twice a day—and anxious did he seem on his aunt's account. I speak of her nephew as though she had but one ; indeed the other appeared to be forgotten—cut off from her affections, and, I felt sure, only through the machinations of his cousin. Whenever Richard Philton came he insisted upon relieving me from my watch, for her illness lasted many days, and as Mrs. Lindlake also entreated me to take advantage of his visits to get fresh air, I usually strolled round the grounds at sunset. Once when I was walking I saw Roger Lindlake in the paddock. He has- tened to speak to me. Poor fellow, he looked anxious and wretched. His aunt had spoken very harshly to him when last he called, even broadly hinting that she suspected him of self-interested motives in paying her attention. He had gone away hurt and wounded, and felt that he could not visit her again with any self- respect. Yet he could not forget that she had been a kind mother to him—the only one he had known, and he could not bear to think of the possibility of her dying un- reconciled. I comforted him by saying that I certainly believed she was recover- ing, and that perhaps when she was stronger I might be able to say some- thing in his favor. At any rate, I would try if my words could have any weight, although I knew in my heart it would be a very difficult task since Mrs. Lindlake persisted in supposing that I was in love with her nephew. Mrs. Lindlake began gradually to mend, and though feeble in body she regained much of her usual spirits, and soon showed herself as self- asserting as ever. That conversation with Roger Lindlake and the promise I had made him were always present in my mind, and I determined to watch an op- portunity of speaking in his favor, even at the risk of provoking his aunt's sneers at my preference. I thought if I did but know the real character of Richard Philton—if I were but furnished with sufficient proofs of his duplicity—I should be armed to meet her prejudices against the other, and I soon thought of a plan, upon which I promptly acted. This was to write to Jack, who I felt sure would be able, in his capacity as lawyer, to know all about such men as Richard Philton. I wrote, purposely affecting to be anxious for his good opinion of Mr. Philton, and asked him if he really did not consider him a really excellent good man. I knew well enough that this would be quite sufficient incentive for Jack to investigate his character thoroughly, and find out everything about him. I soon received in answer, short and decisive :-" Pray do not commit yourself to any course of action, or by any promise. I am coming to see you aa soon as possible." And Jack followed his letter the very next day, and opened upon the subject of my letter the moment we were alone. " Janet"— he never called me by my right name but when most intensely in earnest —" Janet, how far has this affair gone —tell me everything." And as I hesitated to answer, for I wanted to hear all he had to say against Richard Philton, he went on with a husky voice that would have been accom- panied by tears had he been a woman. " Uh, Judy, Judy ! you must not have this man, dear. You will rue it all your life. I know him well, believe me." " You must make a mistake. You are confusing him with his cousin. You can- not know anything wrong about Richard Philton." " Roger Lindlake, indeed ! As though I could make a mistake ! No, the cousins are as different as light from darkness". I tell you, my dear little sister, this man is one of the greatest sharpers in Adelaide. It is not so very long ago since he was mixed up in a most iniquitous scheme for defrauding an insurance company. It was all exposed in the papers, and he only escaped imprisonment by the skin of his teeth, while all his accomplices were punished. But no respectable man of business really trusts him. I suppose he will inherit his aunt's property. At any rate, he boasts enough that she has made her will in his favour, and trades upon it —that I know. I wish he could be dis- appointed. His cousin is far more worthy to inherit it." It was Sunday morning. Jack had asked me to come for a walk. Mrs. Lindlake had received him very graciously, and seemed pleased to let me go. We were strolling in a shady part of the park lands, about half a mile from the house, where we could talk undisturbed. Now that I had accomplished just what I wished— that is, elicited Jack's candid opinion of these two young men—I hastened to relieve his mind of the anxiety he felt on my account. I told him everything— how I believed that Richard Philton's whole desire was to keep his aunt and cousin at variance, and that I quite con- curred in believing the latter to be as thoroughly straightforward as Richard Philton was deep and designing. I told him that I had only acted a part for the very purpose of making dear old Jack speak out. I told him, too, how I was watching for an opportunity to show the two young men up to their aunt in their true colors if it were possible to do it. Jack was very much relieved at finding his fears for me so groundless, and went away with a light heart. " I quite believe you will do it, Judy ; you are an uncommonly clever girl," he said, giving me a hug. " Don't boast before the battle," I said, laughing ; and he went off, while I watched him out of sight. Then I turned and took my way towards the house, and as I came near the gate I saw again a light in the locked room. This time I was not deceived, and determined that no sound from me should betray my watch— for watch I would keep, and for that pur- pose took my stand in a deep shadow of the verandah where I could command a view of the door. The short twilight in this part of the world, in contrast to the lingering intervals between light and dark- ness at home, had often been a subject of wonder with me. This evening the dark- ness seemed to envelop me more suddenly than usual. All the better, I thought, to hide me, should the thief, if he were one, open the door. It seemed about half an hour. I dare say it was not more than 10 minutes. I was beginning to be afraid Mrs. Lindlake would be impatient for my return, when I heard the door open very gently, and out came a man into the darkness, the light being out. He was just the size and figure of Richard Philton, and I felt sure it was no other, but I had no proof. I thought he was going away out of my sight, thus preventing the possibility of proving his identity, but, to my joy, he turned and entered the house. I did not dare follow too quickly, but stealthily coming from my hiding place, I ran out again into the paddock and back again until I was almost breathless, and thus I went into the sitting room. I found Mrs. Wright had been sitting with Mrs. Lind- lake in my absence, and was now just leaving the room as Mr. Philton had entered. " You are quite out of breath," she said, with her hand upon the door. " What is the matter?" asked Mrs. Lindlake. " Have you been running?" " I feared I was late. It became so dark after leaving my brother. I have been longer than I intended to be, and have hurried home. " I have but just come in." said Richard Philton. " I must have been but very little in advance. Did you not see me ?" " I could not have seen you unless you were very near. It has become so very dark. I think a storm is coming." I was quite convinced now that he had entered that room by stealth—at none of his aunt's bidding ; this knowledge cleared the ground for me and gave me an advan- tage at once. I left the room then to take off my hat and think how I should proceed. I had learned Mrs. Lindlake's character sufficiently to know that, though naturally of a kind and charitable spirit, confiding much in the truth of others, yet, her suspicions once roused, the whole fabric of her confidence would be torn to shreds, and woe to that person who could not stand the test of her investigations. I had seen an instance or two of this with tradespeople who, having once deceived her, were never trusted by her again. I thought then, if I could but rouse her suspicions in this case, the rest would be easy. Re- entering the room, I sat down and took a book. Mr. Philton then began an attack upon me in a tone of banter, which he had adopted lately—irritating, if it did not offend me. " Ah, Miss Hazlewood, I hope you will tell me when next you may be out at dark. Do you know that ghosts have been seen on this side of the world as well as on the other," " Indeed ! Ah, yes ! I believe that," I said, affecting the greatest simplicity. " I know strange appearances are seen sometimes. I have seen something myself." " Have you really ?" " Yes, really ; it was that which hurried me home to-night." His little eyes twinkled as he listened, thinking how he was quizzing me and what a fool I was. " Tut, tut, my dear ; what nonsense is this ?" Mrs. Lindlake was sitting in her arm- chair, wrapped in her shawl. She was always chilly. I rose and went over to her side, taking a seat and touching her hand—a habit I had when I particularly wished to engage her attention—poor blind old lady. " Dear Mrs. Lindlake, it is not non- sense. I did see a light in the end room to-night, and it is the second time within the month that I have seen it there. This time I stood to watch and listen, and at last I saw a man come out of the door." Mrs. Lindlake had been getting more and more excited as I proceeded. I could tell that by her hand. I glanced towards her nephew, who had also listened, at first wonderingly, then nervously, and as I finished he started up from his chair, and exclaimed in an excited manner— " What nonsense is this, Miss Hazle- wood ? How can you tell such foolish stories to my poor aunt in her weak state of health." " There are some things that should be told," I said. " Who could this man have been, my dear. Go and call Wright." " You will not think it necessary to call Wright when I tell you who it was. It was Mr. Philton. I saw him go out of the room, and go straight into the house at this French window." Richard Philton was quite equal to tho occasion, and far too crafty for me. I had been too confident in the truth of my statement and the sincerity of my purpose, and after all had nothing but my word against his. He also came to her side, and stood with his hand caressingly laid upon her shoulder, and in the most gentle and pathetic voice said, "Aunt, my dear aunt, will you believe this young woman's accusation against me ?—a person of who the very existence you were not aware a year ago. Have you not known me from an infant ? Brought me up as your son. Have I not learnt to love and regard you as a mother ? What motive, I ask, could I have for going into that room, which I always supposed contained nothing but lumber, and have not the slightest curiosity about ?" " You must have been mistaken Miss Hazlewood," said Mrs. Lindlake ; " you could not have seen my nephew, but who could it have been that you did see?" " No one at all, aunt." Oh, I wish she could have seen the malignantly scornful glance at me with which he said that. But I was not to be shaken in the con- viction as to who I had seen, and I repeated the assertion in a firm voice looking him full in the face. " Mr. Philton, you know that it was yourself." " My dear aunt"—he spoke in the calmest and gentlest of voices—" if it were not that this young woman whom you have hired to attend upon you were not too insignificant a person to attach any importance to her words, I should con- sider that you and I were greatly insulted. I should hope dear aunt," and here there was great pathos in his tone, " that after all these years we are not to suffer a stranger to come between us." " No, no ! certainly not, it must be some mistake. Miss Hazlewood will you call Wright ?" Then turning to her nephew, " You must go with Wright and examine all round outside the door—see if you can find any marks, any footsteps, or if the creeper is disturbed," Wright soon appeared at my summons. I noticed a meaning glance pass between him and Mr. Philton —this threw a stronger light still upon the subject to me. When we were alone Mrs. Lindlake said to me, " You must have been mis- taken as to the person at least. Tell me exactly what you saw." " As I came towards that room, I saw a light shining through the crevices. I had seen it once before, and knowing that it was always kept locked, my suspicions were aroused. So I crept noiselessly into a corner of the verandah to watch, and after some time, I saw a man come out and lock the door again very quietly. It looked like the figure of Mr. Philton, but I could not be sure until I saw him turn and enter this room by the French window. You must know if anyone else came in about that time." " But you came in as though you had been running ? " " Yes. I did not wish to follow him directly, lest he might suspect that I had seen him, before I was ready to speak it, so I ran round the garden before I came in." " Well, say no more about it now ; I cannot believe but there must be some mistake about Richard." Just then Richard returned. Of course he had seen nothing whatever, and, as said so, he cast another witheringly con- temptuous glance towards me. Mrs. Lindlake was silent. Then Richard looked at his watch, say- ing he must go, and added with a sneer, " Since you have such a vigilant sentry, aunt, I can leave you with less anxiety, Good-bye. Good evening, Miss." 