Mi;. AND HRS. BOWSED. By Mhs. Bowsku. I suppose Mr. Howscr iB just liko all otlior husbands in rapml tn money matters, and 1 hope im ana willnot tho idea thatI ain speiik in>r ina eoinplailiiuK tone. It is tho ‘lutj ot a wife to put op with whatever queer thniRS her hustmuu’a mtturo may dovcloj), aiul 110 tvjfu must wonder over a husband's inconsistencies mul incomprehensible actions. A few weeks bnforo wo were marr.iuil Iio himself brought up tho Mihjoct of money matters, and that to my (treat embarrassment. Ill a sudden burst of liberality he said : 41 There is one tiling ^which shall never happen in my house. You will nover be obliged to ask me for inouoy. I know husbands who”treat their wives ns they would collectors cornu for an outlawed account. lliuy pinch thorn down to tho hist shilling, and oven then demand to know how that was expended, bitch 1mshimils us those deserve tho contempt of overv decent man.” 4 , “ Yes,” 1 replied, not knowing what oise to 'When we are married,” lie con turned, 44 half inv income is yours. Why not Y We are tho same, or will he tho same, as partners in business. Although I may carry toe money about for mutual convenience and gaiety, you have the sumo right to it as I have. When you wantanv, just go to tho pockct-bo~k uiulliolp We had been married several weeks whoa I wanted a couple of dollaVH. I happened to think of it.as Mr. Bowser lay asleep on tho lounge one evening, aud 1 therefore took out his poekotbook, removed a 2uol. bill, and re placed tho rest as I found it. As I dul ao he jumped up and yelled out: •* Well, if that isn’t cheek then I don t know what tho articlo is ! Married only six weeks, and you uro robbing your husband !” 44 You told mo to help myself.” 44 Never! I’d look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn’t 1 V “ But you said half vonr income belonged to mo, and that I never need n?k for money.” I “ You must ho crazy. What on earth could you do witli inonev Y Why, if you had ladol. or-Odol. per week you’d run us to ruin in three months. I don’t want to pinch you down us some wives are pinched, hut don’t you ever have tho audacity to put a hand on my wallet again. When you want change I’ll give it to you.” _ In tlio course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at tho breakfast table, and tho wav lie suddenly looked up almost eaitfcd me to choke cm a mouthful of potato.” “ A dollar 1” he exclaimed. “ Yes, you said I should ask you when I wanted any money.” “ Humph 1 Hero is 40c., and I hope you will exercise good judgment in expending it.” Two days lutor he inquired how I had used the money, aud by way of reply I said : 44 Mr. Bowser, wc have been married eight weeks. Your income, as you have iuCormod tne,is -tOdol. por weak.’’ - • ' “ W-what’s that to do with this chsq : lt A great dual, sir, You have hud 280uol. como in since* wo wore married. I low liavo you Biiont it ? Please got out your account book. “Arc you talking to mo V" . a Certainly. I am the same as a busmcBa partn • r. How has that money gone V ” IIo tried to say something in reply, hut words fuilod him, nml ho put on his hat and walked round the block to cool oh. When ho returned he had calmed down sufficiently to any: ,4 Mrs. IJowaor, there must bo a head to every house. That head must see to money matters.n “I don’t want to pinch you down, ns I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money .» u certain extent, it—it—” “ it is not my money to another certain ex* \Vell, the proper way for you is to confer With me as to what you need.” “ If you want a cigar or a drink of hear or a street car ticket, do you confer with iiui'r” “ put that’s dilVoront.” “ fjh l it is ! Very well—let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down: l strap for 1 petticoat, 2e.; 1 darning needle, le.; d agate buttons, ;tfl.; 1 cowot laca—” “ Stop!” ho interrupted. “ As I said botore, I d.m't waul to pinch you down, but I hope you will everciso good judgment in making your purchases. lloru'n n'ludt', mid you needn't allow me any bill of items.” Wo hud nutlmen married three months when 1 observed some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr. Bowser, lie would count Iris money the last tiling at night urn! the first thing m thu morniiM'. (m two occasions 1 found l.is wallet in the hall-trou drawer when 1 came down first, ■twain, it was under the lounge in tlm sitting room. When I uakoil for an explanation of these queer nrocoedings lm replied that it was to guard against burglars. One nioi.t, wlion 1m thought I was asleep, 1m got up and tool: his wallet from under tlm bureau and bid it bulween the mattresses of the spare'red. An hour later I went in mid found it and removed lie contents, about-lUdol. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared lor a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs wlmn lie got up, and pre sently I heard him d.incing about and shont * “ By tlm great liorn spoon ! lint we’ve been roabed, Mrs. Bowser 1” Wo liad burglars in the house, last night!” ..... wo lmd'.” ‘ How do vou know?” ‘Because iny mu.my (sgo Ho checked himself (hero and mumhlod some thing I could not hear, lint when ho came down lm was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as 1m said: “ Mrs. Bowser, do you think tlio cook is honest?” “ Why, of course. How emild sho cmno in our bedroom und take your wallet out of your C°‘l‘ Strangest tliingl ever saw. They tool:tlm money, but left the wallet.” At this moment lm began searching lna pockets, and when he found tlm money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. Sineo then I have found his wallet in tlm waslistalid, in tlm heil, behind tlm bureau, under dilToront chain), in thu clothes bumper, and behind tlm clock. Once he left his coat to have a button sowed on. I had not got nroundto it yet, and ho had been gone an hour or more, when I looked nut and saw him coming up the street on tlm keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed' tlm house was on lire, mid grow so won),' Hint X hud to lull into a chair. IIo jumptd agaiusttho front door with' u grout bang, fussed around to unlock it, and finally rushed in to veil out: “ \Vhoro i« my coat ?” i* is—js the house nitre r” I asked.^ * Thunder, no ? WIm.to’h my coat ?*' “ Why, hanging on thu haU*tme.” “ And you’vo boon into my wallet V” “ No, I haven’t. I haven't even touched the IIo gnvo an awful grunt of delight us he und the wallet safe, mid, as I afterwards curtained, it contained exactly 7dol. ami no Tho Gorman Timpcror has ordered ofiicinl lotieca to be published m nil parts of the Empire vurning intending emigrants against the delu ive promises niado by many emigration agents, vho induce ignorant people to take passages indor false protcncoa. 