ii oveUli t. THE HAUNT"'D HUSBAND ; Olt, Lady Cl.etwynd's Spectre. BY MUoS. HARRIET LEWIS. \-----+++--- CHAT'TEI XXVI. AN IOIPOtrTANT DISCOVERY. While Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Tempest and Bisnet, the detective, were investigtiating the attics of the great house for some vestige of the recent presence of the "spectral" visitor of Chelt.wynd P'ark, Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were arriving at a mutual under Mis Molnk had proceeded to her own rooms on leaving the drawing-room. She hal exchansced iher dinner dress of gold co!ol, silk for her scarlet dressing gown of Indi:m cashmere, rembroidered heavily with eold. IlHr glittering top.zes still sewn? in her swarthy ears. She was carelessly knotting a gold cord with tassels of bullion shout her waist, when a knock was heard plon the door of her bohdloir. "It is Gilbert," said Siss Monk. "I know his knee'-. Let him in, Iicgee." The oll Ilindoo woman obevyed. Miss h\ik followed Iher attendant intto her eoudoir, just as (filbert tMonk was ad nitted. l:agee locked the door behind Jim. "Tehis is an unexrpected pleasure,Gilbert," anid bliss Monk, ironically. " You' have not eeen very brotherly of late. I harve fancied, ndeed. that yon have avoided me. Won't you lake a Feat 1" " Tlanlis," said Monk, lazily, "I don't are if I do," ancd he settled himself nxuriantly in a stuffed lounging chair. I noticed that you wnnted to seeme. Be 'des, I have something particular to say to 0ou. Where is Ilagee ?" lie looked around. The East Indian woman had curled herself up upon a pile of hIsocks in a dis:annt corner, and evidently iotenled to remain in the ronom throughout ties interview. Shite scowled darkly back at tone, with a shado.w of mencce in her st.altih eyes. "What I have to say to you. Sylvia." said her brother, "is for your cars alone. You'd better send your woman away."' "You can say nothine. that I am not will ine my wome.an sthreull heIa," she replied, ficreely. "l:aee is fully in my confidence. She will remain." ' Oh, rery well," said Gilbert, sneer Miss Monk crested her head forward upon ler lhne, neck as she cried out, with greater ierce as: " Wherc is Iernice Chetw;ynd ?" Monk started and changed color. He liad expectel the qeestion, yet when it came he was not tprelpared for it. "is she note in her coffin ?" he asked, asking a feeble attempt to recover him celf. "lAh.l h ! Do you think to cheat me still? I hkneow you, Gilbert Monk I I know that Ikernice is alive i Where is she, I Monk's courage rose equal to the oc cas-ion. lie had only a woman to deal witi. and tihat ?oman his own sister. IIe feared not to place himself in her power, since she was in his. He replied, in an easy tone: "Lady Cietwynd is now in London." A look of relief passed over Miss Monk's face. "I hal fancied her in this house,"she said. "'In that case the detective would surely find her. Where is she, in Lon enn 1" Oi lia:ce pricked up her cars. "1 decline to tell you," said Monk, coolly. " She is safe, and I intend that she shall remain safe." Thie Ilindoo woman clenched her dusky hands, while over her withered face flashed a look of latred tthat boded ill for the absent young marchioness. " I suppose you rescued Bernice from her tomb si.zteen months ago, Gilbert?" said Miss Monk, slowlyt. "Yes" he assented. " Was she buried in a trance i" inquired Sylvia, with apparent curiosity. "It was a case of suspended animation," replied Monk, " produced by an Indian drug dealt out to Bernice by your own treacherous hands, Sylvia, and given to you by the hag yonder. You see, I know the whole truth. As you may have suspected since, I was hidden in your dressing-room all the time while you were concocting your diabolical plot against Bernice. I saw the contents of the secret drawer in your Indian cabinet. I heard your plans, your hopes, your whole infernal scheme with that she-demon yonder. Perlhaps you may also have guessed that [ took advantage of your momentary absence from the room to change the elobnles you intended for Bernice. You planned that she should die. I arranged that she should die only in sJeming." "It is as suspected. Where have you kept her 1" " That is my secret." Miss Monk's eyes gleamed danger ously from beneath their heavy drooping lids. " \hat was your object in rescuing her ?" she asked. " That is also my secret," smiled Monk. "It shall be mine also, if I tear it from your heart I" cried Sylvia. "You intend 1- enrich yourself at my expense. You mtntd to wait until my marriage day, and then proclaim to Chetwynd that Bernite lives, and claim a munificent "You mistake my deigns entirely. Ihad to no such intention as this you attribute to w me. If I can prevent it, OChetwynd shall at never know that Bernice lives," replied L Giibert. o0 'You expect to keep her alive as a at scourge to me, then You mean to compel di me--to support you through my terror of her?" to "Not exactly. And yet I expect you to A pay me handsome annuity when you be- ft come Lady Chetwynd." "deI will pay you more when she is E dead." re "But I intend that she shall live. The y truth is, Sylvia," and Monk's swarthy face b fleshed, "I love Bernice. You have seen 1< into what a superb beauty she has de veloped. I shall marry Bernice-she thinks y that she is free from her marriage bond by d reason of her pretended death and burial. e And I shall swear her to secrecy concerning si her past life. She is a very Puritan, and regarls her words as other people do their a oaths-as sacred. When she is actually C mine, and you are likely to return to Eng- t land, I shall take my bride away to some a foreign country and there spend my days. I fi am not fond of England, and I should like to live in Austria. Neither Bernice nor I care C for society. Give me a good income, an a estate near 'Vienna, horses, servants, and a few friends, and I care' for nothing t more." h Miss Monk regarded her brother nar. rowly and searchingly. She saw that he r was speaking the truth, but yet she was not I satisfied. " You lind no such design as this, Gil bert," she said, "sixteen months ago. You t did not rescue her from the tomb because you loved her. All this love and thought I of life sitllh her in a foreign land is of later date. Whr, then, did you rescue her from death? Why did you seclude her and educate her ? You must tell me why, Gilbert." " I have no objections to so doing," said 5 Monk, easily. "The truth will do no harm. I have discovered, through my connection with Scotsby & Newman, the secret history I of Lady Chetwynd. You remember that there was a mystery about her birth. She was abandoned by her father, a wealthy r gentleman, who took her to St. Kilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island in the care of Minister Gwellan and his wife, who brought up the waif as their own child. Tire father never came for her. Now, I happened to discover who she is, and the knowledge inspired me to not as I have done." Miss Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colorless and gray, her manner I troubled and annoyed. "You know who Bernice is I" she ejacu lated. " You have knownall this while 1 I I never gave you credit for such depth, Gil. bert. Who is Bernice?" "That I cannot tell you. I reserve a few of my secrets for my own especial profit." " Is she an heiress?" asked Miss Monk, frowning. " It is highly probable. I am not one to bestir myself for a pauper. By the way, how about yjur marriage settlements?" " They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Chetwynd treats me most magnificently. My yearly income will be something grand, but then Chetwynd can affa,rd it. Hic's ich to embarrassment, you knotw." " Yes I know," said Monkl, arising lazily from his chair and holding out his hand to lher in token of amity. " You can depend on me," he said. "We will both feather our nests handsomely. And now, Sylvia, I mstgo. I fancy I hear \- steps on tihe floor above. That confounded detective may be prowling abcu'. I mean I to okeep my 0e3 on him henceforth. If Ihe's spying. I may as well get to my own room." Again he approached the door. Old In1gee looked as her mistress significantly. Miss Monk nodded, and the Hindoo hastened to open the door. Without a look at her, Gilbert Monk strode out into the hall, and the door closed behind him. Malgee shot home the bolt in the lock, listened to his departing steps, and faced her mistress. "What is to be done?" questioned the Hintloo, in a whisper. "Is it an alliance, Missy 2" "No-a war to the death I" said Miss Msonk, in her fierce sibilant voice. " I am not safe whlile Bernice lives. She will never consent to marry Gilbert. She adores Roy Chetwynd. Site has plansof herown. She plays the ghost here to frighten me. She means to reveal herself in time to Roy. She mnans to be rev. nged on me. I tell you I'm stan ling upon a sleeping volcano. I am not safe. The girl must die 1" "Aye, she maust die !" " When the detective leaves, Gilbert will go to London to see Bernice. You must follow him. You must track him to her. Find her, and let her not sespe you the " third time," and Miss Monk's eyes flamed with her murderous meaning. "iBe as secret as death, as cruel as the grave. I Remember, it is my safety you are fighting for." The Hindoo nodded assent, with an evil smile. And now we will see how Bernice was faring. Her meeting with Flackseemed op. portune. She resolved to spend the night r with Mrs. Crowl, and to resume her search [ on the following day for something to do, and somewhere to stay. Mrs. Crowl was in the act of sitting I down to hersupper, when Flack arrived with Bernice. She sprang up with a gurgling cry of joy. , cSit down here," she said, pushing for. ward a chair. "You look tired, Miss Gwyn." Then hastily removing Bernice's hat, slse brought a cup of hot, strong tea. Tile girl took it eagerly and sipped it, feeling a 1 pleasant warmth begin to diffuse itself throughout her system. Mrs. Growl brought her also buttered toast, and little was said until young Lady Chetwyndl had eaten, and a dash of color had come to her Scheeks and the old brave light to her brown eves. S"IThere you look better now," said I Mrs. Crowl, setting down the empty cup. S" Won't you have a bit of Welsh rabbit or a chop'3" SThank you, no,"replied Bernice. "I want I nothing more." She prut out her hlands toward the blaze of fire. fIrs. Growl saw how thin hcr'hands were, I and how thin also thie pale young face. She saw, too, under the girl's pallor and weak. ness, the strengthll of thle avwakened spirit, of Sa grand alnd noble courare, of a brave and splirited nature. liernice hiad suffered erratly since Mrs. Crowl lhad last seen her, ,but thlis suffering had been like tilte fire Svwhich tries thie gold, and sthe was to.nighlt, Sdes pite hIer weakness and poverty and friend r leassness, a brave, strong-souled, clear-hended a wo man. Flack retired to his garret. Mrs. Growl r clered away the remains of supper, and a 1 bed was improvised upon the ,ilalpidlated a safa for her use. The bed in thie adjoining r oom was renmade, and Bernice retired to e the room with a candle. IMrs. Growl had a carefully refrained from asking questions t of the young lady, exbibiting a delicacy for which Bernice was grateful. u Bernicedid not lieawaketo meditate upon her adventures or prospects. She dropped asleep almost immediately. And then Mrs. Growl crept into her room and examined her pocket-book, discovering the solitary three pence that comprised Bernice's shield against starvation. "She has no money to escape on again," muttered the woman. It will s be a long time before her funds are in d creased." rShe took up the light and bent Sover the sleeper a moment and and then aibrs. Crawl was astir early in the morning. aRausios steamtdd to rise hut found herself too weak and tired and footsore. The woman brought her tea and toast, and s afterward beef ten, and about noon young fi Lady .Chtwynd appeared in the a outer room, with her hair floating over her t shoulders and attired in. her travelling dress. s Mrs. Crowl brought a tempting luncheon b to her guest, and Bernice partook of it, t When she had finished she said, grate fully: d "I thank you for all your kindness to me, a lIrs. Crowl, and perhaps some day I may repay it. I do not like to encroach upon c your hospitality another night, and yet I am c hardly able to go out to-day in search of a c lodging or situation as governess." Mrs. Crowl was very attentive to her t young guest during the remainder of the day and evening. Lady Chetwynd retired a early, and slept well. The next morning she arose early, herself once more. She came out to breakfast, and was waited upon with due respect by Mrs. Crow]. After the meal Bernice went into the bedroom, packed her travelling bag, and put on her hat. She came out ready t for departure. "You have- been very kind to me, Mrs. Crowl," she said, extending her hand. " I. 1 am strong enough to resume my search for e work. I cannot remain here longer. I thank you again and again, and some day I I hope to reward you." She held out her hand, and Mrs. Growl I grasped it-with a lingering pressure. Ber nice moved toward the door. Mrs. Crowl, who had been standing before it, moved aside with an odd smile. Bernice essayed to open the door. It was locked. " What does this mean 7" she demanded, her eycs flashing. "It means, Miss," retorted the woman, "that you are a prisoner.'! Bernice stood amazed, indignant. "Open this door I" she commanded, her sweet voice ringing. "Open it, or I will alarm the house I" " Do-and see what ycu'll get by it. The lodgers, except us, are all men, away for the day. The landlady is my friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream yell-shout. You'll not alarm so much as a fly. You are a psisoner, Miss, and you may as well understand the fact first as last." CHAPTER XXVII. BISSET STARTLES LORD CHcETWYND. Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Tempest, and Bisset, the detective officer, while pursuing their object of searching the unused attics of the house, had gone from room to room, with their candles held high above their heads, examining every nook and corner, and find ing only bare walls and dusty floors. The young marquis had not been sufficiently sanguine to hope to find under his own roof some vestige of the recent visit of the Chet. wynd "spectre." Mr. Tempest betrayed a keen anxiety, but healso had no hope of re ceiving enlightenment in regard to the mys terious visitor whose declared resemblance to Bernice-his unowned daughter-thrilled him with a desire to see her. Bisset, alone of the three, was cool and thoroughly self possessed. He led the search, and his keen glances penetrated every niche and nook and he stopped to examine footprints in the dust covering the floors with a delibera tion and patience that annoyed his com panions. "You'll make nothing of those foot prints," said Lord Chetwynd, impatiently, as Bisset took out a foot rule from his pocket and proceeded to measure one track in its length and breadth, and to note the measurements in his private note-book. "Some servant may have rambled through these roome. That is the print of a man's foot, is it not?" "Yes, my lord," said Bisset, briefly. " Such small items as this sometimes don't come amiss in my profession. And these measurements may be of service to me here after. Let me go in advance, that I may measure any other tracks before our own confuse them." He went on in advance. The first foot print he had measured was that of Gilbert Monk. He presently found another dis tinctly defined-the footprint of the Hindoo woman, lagee. There was no heel-mark to this print. The shoe had been flat and wide, and Bisset knew at a glance, with his shrewd, trained faculties, who had worn it. "I begin to see light," he thought. "Everything goes to confirm my theory, preposterous as that theory seems. Monk is the autlhor of the man's footprint; the lHindoo woman is the author of this one. I have caught glimpses of a third print, but so confased with these two that it cannot readily be distinguished. If I couel but come upon a clear impression of the third foot." The wish was soon gratified. lIe found distinctly set in the iheavy layer of dust the impression of a girl's slender, delicate, highly-arched foot; and now his face flushed and a tinge of eagerness came to his manner, as he said : " Ws will go on, if you please." They continued their investigations. And at last, in tihe very last room they visited, they came upon the ladder which Bernice had left leaning against the trap-door of the i low upper gariet which she had made her haunt. Bisset's eyes gleamed as he beheld the ladder. He sprarg forward and climbed up the rounds like a cat, and was in the upper garret. Something in his manner infected Chet Swyend and Tempest with like energ3. They came after him up the ladder into the upper room. It was only a low garret, barely six feet I high in its highest part, without win s dows, a mere den, lighted and ventilated f through seams and crevices in the slated roof. And yet it was seen at the first glance to have been the haunt of a human rbeing. There was a mattress in a corner, a pillow, and blankets. A bit of broken mirror was afflixed to a rough.hewn post. There were a few toilet appurtenances that had evidently been brought up from a guest.chamber below." ° "Someone has been here," said Tempest, wonderingly. "And, by the perfect neat Sness that reigns here, I should judge the inmate had been a lady." " Sie stayed here for weeks at a time," saild Bisset, quietly, "See here, my lord." He pointed out in a corner remnants of 1 food:l, bones of fowls, a box of biscuits, and otther edibles. The gentlemen examined them curiously. "Do you think, Mr. Disect, that the \- person who has lived in this room is the Ssame who ihas performed the part of Lady Chhetwynd's spectre?" inquired Mr. Tem 1 pest, with anxious interest. Bisset replied in the affirmative. I "She must be demented," aid the young Smarquis, thoughtfully. Bisset did not reply. He was flashing his I light to and fro high above his head, and darting his inquisitive glances hither and Sthlither. The gleam of something white- a mere roll or bundle-behind a beam over head caught his eyes. He seized it and Spulled it down. It unrolled, and its silken Slength fell upon the floor. It was the burial robe of Lady Chet \- wynd. 1 The thlree gentlemen stared at it for a full minute in silence. " That is the robe my wife was buried I in I" said Lord Chetwynd, in a strange \- voice. "I should know it anywhere. And it is the dresswdrn by the spectre. Look at t the sleeve l"'. • Bisset lifted.into plainer view the small elbow sleeve with its frill of rare point lace. . Part of the lace bad been forcibly torn I sat, - - The officer produced the fragment of lace which Lord Chetwynd had given him, and ar fitted it to the original frill. The fact was w apparent at a glance; the fragment had been at torn from that very frill. fi " Was there no other mark upon her lady ship's gown, besides the pattern of the lace, in by which your lordship might identify it ?" dl the officer asked. It "No-yes. Upon the evening.after our dinner party, as Lady Chetwrynd and I tl stood in her boudoir," replied the marquis, "the ornaments upon my watch chain be. ir cameentangled in the lace on the inner side al of her sleeve. Our attempts to detach the st ornaments resulted in a rent in the lace, an at odd little zig- zag rent, which Fifine, Lady ft Chetwynd's French maid, repaired the next ti day. ' I have never thought of the incident b since, until now your question recalls it." h "We can soon prove, then, if this a Le her ladyship's gown," said Bisset. d "Look I" He displayed the inner side of both tl sleeves. ti Lord Chetwynd examined both, and is uttered a strange cry, starting back. n He had found the little rent he had described, but so carefully darned as to fi be imperceptible save to the closest n scrutiny. g Bisset and Mr. Tempest examined it i narrowly. "This is incredible," said the explorer, in v sudden agitation. "Are we to understand that this is actually and truly Lady Chet- a wynd's burial gown ?" "It is proved by his lordship to havebeen Lady Chetwynd's robe, worn on her first y evening in this house," said Bisset. "But it t is not yet proven to have been the gown in which she was buried." "But it is the same," declared the mar quis-" the very same. She was buried in r this gown-I'll swear to it. She looked in c her coffin like a bride. She had no other white silk gown cut square in the neck, a.nd with sleeves like those. Ask Miss Monk. f She knows, and will tell you." "Let us not drag Miss Monk into this business of investigating, my lord," said I Bisset. "I prefer to keep Miss Monk in ignorance of our movements. Is there no other who can identify the gown?" "Lady Chetywnd's French maid Fifine. She lives in London. I have her address somewhere." '" Very well. We will apply in due time to Mademoiselle Fifine," declared Bisset. '"But to go on with our work here. Your lordship has proved conclusively that this gown be longed to Lady Chetwynd. Your lordship also believes this gown to have been her ladyship's burial robe. You will be shocked, my lord, at my next proposal, but a moment's reflection will assure you of its propriety. I desire, in your lordship's presence and the presence of your distinguished guest, Mr. Tempest, to open Lady Chetwynd's coffllin." Lord Chetwynd started. The idea seemed sacrilegious. His stern, agitated face ex pressed his refusal." The explorer looked scarcely less agitated and amazed. " This is a most singular proposal, Mr. Bisset," said Tempest, endeavoring to re cover himself. "Why should you seek to disturb the remains of the dead ? I cannot wonder that Lord Chetwynd refuses to grant your request. I think I never heard so strange a proposal in my life." "But these are strange circumstances in which we find ourselves, sir," said Bisset, re spectfully. "There is a fair share of proba bility that this gown was worn by Lady Chetwynd in her coffin. How, then, did it come out? I dare not as yet declare to you all my suspicions. What shall I say to you, and not betray too much ? hIave you never heard of people being buried in trances? HIave you never heard of cases of suspended animation ? Why should not Lady Chet wynd have been the victim of catalepsy ? Suppose she were buried in a trance?" "It is not possible," cried Tempest, in an agony. "How can it bel She was not buried for six days." "There are well-authenticated instances where animation was suspended for a week, or even so long as ten days,"declared Bisset, calmly. " But she was dead, I tell you," said Lord Chetwynd, brokenly. "Ah I there was no mistake in that fact. She died of fever con tracted in the cottage of a poor tenant. She knew that she was dying. She bade him good.-ye. And when she had died her eyes became sunken, and the look that the dead have mantled her face. There was a strange blueness about the poor, pinched face-" lie broke down sobbing. Bisset started eagerly. "A blueness, my lord?" he ejaculated. " For IIeven's sake, go on. Did this blue. ness settle most hleavily under the eyes and about the mouth ?" "Yes, yes. It changed her, giving her a ghastliness that haunts me still." Bisset communed with herself for some moments. Evidently Chetwynd'swords had I produced a vivid impression upon him. At last le spoke : "My lord, your words but confirm my de sire to look witiin Lady Chetwynd's coffin. There is a state of trance characterised by the peculiar blueness of the visage you have Idescribed. I cannot tell you more yet, bat before God I swear I will lay bare before you, before I shall have relinquished your service, a story that will thrill you with horror. 1 believe, so help me God, that Lady Chetwynd was in a trance when she was buried." Chetwynd reeled, his bronzed noble face becoming ghastly white. "Ah, what!" he gasped. "You believe that she-my wife-my little Bernice-died there in her coffin, while I was weeping and mourning for her here 2" "No, no. You do not comprehend me entirely. She was buried alive-" Tempest echoed the words with an an I guished groan. Chetwynd put up his hands as to ward off a blow. He could not speak. "I repeat," said Bisset, and the flickering t candle-light fell full upon his earnest face, "that Lady Chetwynd, in my opinion, was Sburied alive. I believethat, for purposes of Sgreed, or other purposes, she was rescued Sfrom her tomb-" " Rescued i" cried Chetwynd, in a quick, Shollow whisper. " Whether she arose from her coffin in her right mind or not, I cannot yet determine," Spursued Bisset. "But that she arose from Sher coffin I am fully persuaded, I believe that she lives-" Chetwynd retreated to the wall. He r seetmed about to faint, but his blue eyes burned with a wild and awful fire, and the i ghastliness of his face deepered. "Shall I go on?" asked Bisset, with an I anxious glance at the marquis. "I believe that Lady Chetwynd lives. I believe that it was your own wife you have seen so re peatedly, my lord. I believe that Lady Cletwynd's spectre is Lady Chetwynd's liv. ing self I" SThe words of Bissct, as he thus declared his belief in the continued existenceof Lady SOhetwynd, burned like coals into the hearts of his two listeners. Both Chetwynd and STempest stood like statues, motionless, I dumb, frozen in an awful horror. The words I of the officer seemed cild and heartless. Lord , Ohetwynd rallied, and said: "After what has been said here to-night I preposterous as it seems-I shall never know I a minute's peace, day or night, until I have examined my poor wife's coffin. I know not \- what to think. Of course my wife is dead in truth, but I cannot rest until I know that I her bones lie in the coffin in yonder parish vault. I must knowthis very night-withlin I the hour. Mr. Bisset will, I know, aoeom Spany me. Mr. Tempest, will you go, I alsol" t The explorer bowed assent. Indeed, he longed with a feverish anxiety to prove I whether Bernice were dead or no. W. "e will go now, gentlemen," said Bisset, a promptly.." Our researches here are ended, Some il",' He gathered the silken robe, all stained and frayed and yellowed and wrinkled as it was, acress his arm. and led the way from the attics to the lower floor. Upon the third I floor they halted to listen. "We must be on our guard," said Bisset, in a whisper. " I do not wish Mr. or Miss Monk to become aware of our proceedings. a It is well to be as secret as possible." - The three men moved cautiously toward t the stair. As they halted a moment near the land- l ing, listening, Gilbert Monk's head appeared above the level of the floor. Monk was struch, at the first glance, by the counten ances of the three men whom he thus met face to face, and he stood aghast at sight of the burden one of the three men bore. That burden was the silk gown in which Bernice had so successfully played the part of spectre, and it was still flung across the arm of the detective officer. Monk stared speechless. He comprehended the scene at a glance. He had not calculated that the robe of Bernice would be found, yet in his amazement his desperate courage did not forsake him. "Ha, what have you there?" he asked, finding his voice under the keen scrutiny of Mr. Bisset. " The spectre's gown, I'll risk a guinea. Have you found the spectre herself intropti? prorsna ?V "BNo, Gilbert," said Lord Chetwynd; "but we have found evidence that the mysterious girl, whoever she may be, lihas inhabitated an attic in this house for days and weeks." "Indeed," said Monk, coolly. " Ishouldn't have slept so sound of nights if I had sus. pected that. For, to tell the truth, I fancy the creature is demented." " We have made other discoveries, also, her. Monk," saidl Bisset, eying Monk sharply. "We found foatprints in the dust of the attic floors. I measured them, and have come to some valuable conclusions." "Such as---" "I keep my conclusions to enhance the glory of my final announcement," declared Bisset, with exasperating indifference. "\We snail see what we shall see. But permit us Sto pass, Mr. Monk." Monk bowed courteously, and stood aside until the three gentlemen had readhed the floor next lower. He then followed them. Arrived upon the chamber floor, Lord Chetwynd took the silken robe from Bisset and carried it into the dressing-room Lady Chetwynd had occupied, and locked it in an armoire. He returned to the hall, where Tempest and Bisset awaited him, and Monk with them. IHis lordship glanced from Bisset to Monk, r who saw that some further movement was on foot, and was determined to engage in Sit.-( To be Continued.) 