Cjcamek XXIII.—" Off with the Old Love, on "with the New." As Luke Standlsh had clearly foreseen, the fact of hla sadden flight on the morn ing of the trial had added the last link to the chain of evidence which convinced Kate Leigh that her late lover was cer tainly guilty of the offence laid at his door. It was impossible for her to Interpret the incident in any other way, and the fact of his destination being carefally hidden, even from his mother, went to show that he feared that the law might follow him. Not only was he a guilty wretch, but, as his parent said, a cowardly one, who had sinned and fled from the consequences. And now, being thoroughly satisfied that Luke was unworthy of her love, Bhe strove to banish him from her heart and mind—a task Bhe would never have striven to accomplish had her tender, loving nature been able to discover the slenderest excuse for his conduct. But all was dark as pitch against Luke —nowhere glimmered the faintest streak of light. So guilty was he that he had not dared to face her during the past week. She did not know that the poor fellow had waited for her by the stile till he was half-frozen, and that he afterwards came to the cottage and was denied all access to her. Mrs. Leigh had thought it be3t to Bay nothing to Kate about Luke's visit, and thlB omission of the mother's caused the daughter to unjustly record another black mark against the pitman's name. Kate had not yet recommenced work, as her mother was still supposed to be un well, and the girl still Bhrank from the Idea of resuming her place among the pib brow women. Since the day she left work she had never ventured beyond the con fines of the cottage, her fear of encounter ing the curious glances of people having been developed instead of being decreased by her retirement. And during the paBt few days the girl bad perceived a change in Arthur WilleB den's demeanor towards herself. He was still as deferential as ever, quite as re spectful In every way, but his voice ap peared to have a tone now that it had lacked previously—his lightest word a meaning that she had not noticed before. It was plain to Kate now that Willes den was not only a warm, admiring friend, but a devoted lover also. A shadowy Indefinite something she clearly appre hended yet could not have defined told her of the transition which had taken place in Arthur's position and feelings tcwards her, She would not have discovered this change so readily had not her mother dropped such very plain hints regarding what might possibly happen now that a certain nn worthy hnlk of a fellow had taken him self out of the way. And when Kate came to notice WilleBden's manner she was forced to think that her mother had made a shrewd guess at his feelings. And If, as Mrs, Leigh bad intimated, their handsome and generous-hearted lodger had loved her all along It was certainly very noble of him never to overstep the boundaries of friendship so loDg as she was engaged to the man who had fied from hla native town. But now that everything had altered and her engagement was a thing of the past ha had certainly the right to try to win her; and thinking over the matter Kate" could not help feeling Impressed by the delicate and honorable way in which Arthur had behaved. She respected the young fellow very tnnch, had a great admiration for his handsome appearance and gentlemanly address, and the debt of gratitude she and her mother owed him It would never be, she feared, In their power to repay. She even regretted that she did not return Wlllesden'a affection, for waa he not worthy of any woman's love? And what was she but an Ignorant pit-brow girl ? One of a class despised by many ; and what man in Arthur's position—save himself—would think of choosing a wife from her walk of life ? All the circumstances of the case—save one—pleaded In Willesden's favor. He had played his part so well as to cast a glamour over both mother and daughter, and it was probable that when he deigned to ask Kate to marry him she would consent. The only thing that militated agalnsb him was the ghost of the old love which still haunted the girl, but which she was constantly endeavoring to lay. At last the crisis came. It was a couple of days after Luke's flight, and Arthar re solved to put his fate to the touch that evening should ' a favorable opportunity present Itself. He had given Mrs. Leigh a hint of his Intention in the morning, and she applauded his resolution, promis ing to give him the chance he so much desired. (To be continued.) 