BILL-BAITING. Lord Randolph Churchill is once again playing the part of candid friend to his late colleagues, the Government. Last week (says United Ireland of the 12th April) he published a letter attacking the new Land Bill, literally tearing - it to shreds. His analysis of the measure is pitiless, and his logic unanswerable ; and so far no one has made the ghost of an attempt to answer it. His main contention is that if the bill become law the Irish tenantry who purchase under it will be in a position to strike altogether against rent, if they be so minded, and that no power on earth can then compel them—so numerous and so organised are they—to do so. His lordship's arguments are chiefly intended for the British taxpayer, and they will certainly cary weight. Two additional letters f*>m Lord Randolph Churchill further esjilain his vie ws upon the Irish Land Bill His lordship's second letter dealt wjA the question of the securities to thr British taxpayer and the possibilities oj a general strike against rent or a radiation by the Irish farmers who mi> u t be induced to purchase under tK measure. The assukptmn toderlyj^ Uiose portions of Lord ChurchilrA 1 *^ which may 1 be described ? 8 «>»* the Irish farmer afca n^18 eifc »er a dishonest mm or a man who may be used by Irish noliK cal leaders as a pawn in a game of X He is never treated as a being who beiT coerced or cajoled into buying land much over its fair market value andfi j ing it impossible to dowhathehagrashli undertaken to do, behaves exactly lit an unsuccessful tradesman or a nob] lord with extravagant propensities and appeals to the Bankruptcy Court to n lieve him of an intolerable incubns Lord Churchill's third letter is devotd to the purpose of showing that in 0rd« to be a successful experiment any Ere&t; scheme of land purchase in Ireland must be preceded by the establishment of local government there. His letters are un. doubtedly able, and his criticism in many portions, admittedly unanswer able; but it must be owned that they conclude with a palpably absurd self, contradiction. In appealing to the Government to withdraw the bill, and to save time and trouble, Lord Churchil tells them they; can do so decently by saying to the Irish party " You havelost a golden opportunity ; we offered you a measure what might have been moulded in Parliament into a useful and beneficent one, but our reward has been a threat to oppose it line for line and word for word, and an aspersion of motives." Such, in effect, is the ™u. eluding paragraph of his lordship's epistolary- attack upon the bill. It is a dishonest attempt to fasten odiam upon the Irish party and get his late colleagues out of the Serbonian bog into which this bill has plunged them. His own attacks upon the bill have done it far more injury than anything said or written upon this side of the Channel, and he cannot transfer his laurels to other brows quite so easily. Up to this the wishes of the Irish people or their elected representatives have had very little influence upon the shaping of Tory legislation for their country, and nobody knows this better than the astute member for Paddington. 