THE IDEAS OF, OIIILR)RE. (DNtLY m:ew.), Everything is a mystery to a child,' and nill children are, mysteries to us. They uove about in worlds not realised, and they seldom contido to thehostilo tribes of the :rowli up what they are thinking about thilngs. As they grow oldor, tle "queer, innocent visions faint from their memory, and very few people ,recolleot-stil fewoer havo evertold us--whalt 'was their childish coiiception of the tuiverse. Norr'is it easy td'discovor what posses in a child's mind. Only bbya ccident is it let out. If yon ask questions you puzzle thom, and they answer not at all, or answer in itpro viotd mnyths, likeo the child in Vorels worth's poem, "There is no weathurcook, and that's the reason why." Travellers find the sane dilliculty ifi getting at the legends of savages. The only plan is to listen to tho?l as they talk among turnselves, but parents would scarcely think it fair to listen to chil drei among themselves even itn the interests of sclenoe. Odd things are overheard in that way, as when some Scotch children were dis cussing Creation, aind one of thlem, a girlish theologian of six, maintained that the Creator " first made a little plaeo to stand en, and thein did the rest." This was a myth in the making. The scientific interest lies hero : if there is anything in oevolution, a child's mind may beo expected to pass through tih stages of th elarly mninlt of plriitive humanity. The processes will not be identical, because children are taught nmatters, as in religion, which are high above their natural intellectual height. Foreign bodies of belief and ceustomll are introduced into their thoughts. These they tackle as best they may with their undeveloped mental processes and capacities. If the hypothesis of evolution, as cotnlnoaly itderstood, is correct, and applies here, and if children think its es:avag rnces do, they will regard all things indiscriminately ats personal and animated. Not only will beasts leave lnhuumn attributes in the child's and s:avage's mind, but oven stones nnd stars will' be alive and conscious. Keohl mentions all Ojibbowniy who adored a great rock as his " tManttoa," because it once imede a bow to him. Any stone might have done it; but this particular stone did, nod lie was sensible of its courtesy and kind interest. Mr. Grant Allen le:s lately been arguing, in the "belnightly RLe rirme, that stones are worshipped (as they are all the world over) because gravestones were origiinally sacred, sanectiied by tihe ghost of the dead nlet wIho lie below. 'Tho stote Wouhl be tihe spirit's homtet,, and, by exitelting the idea, other stontes would cotte to be regilrded as tenanted by spirits, and all alive. This is tan extension or a following of Mr. Herbert Spencer's well-known hypo thesis. By one of the curious accidentts wlhich are always occurring, a lady happened to give her childishl belief in animated stones about the very time that Mr. Allen offered to the world his theory of the origin of the belief. In L.oy,me,ur's Jdirtcizie for February Miss Ingelow told the storyof the recollectiotns of her infancy. Miss Ingelow does not seet to ]have thought of her anecdotes as bearingat mill onl "fetichismn," ts it is called, tile worship of atones, and the theory that rttices ore) alive, aind Silttay cveii itarcy atol lteh e little pebbles, ts in liji. When Jiss Ingelow was about three shie was, though it a little British child, a little Fetichist. "I had a habit of attributing intelli.reuce tp ntit only all living creatures-the same emtount ' and kiind of intelligence I haid myself-but I eren to stones and lilmanufacetured articles. I used to feel how dull it must be for the pebbles of the causeway to be obliged to lie still, and only see whttt was. round about. Witen I wialkedil out with a little basket for flowers I used sometimes to pick tip ia pebble or two and carry theml routnl to lhalve a change : then, at the farthest point of the walk, tuno them over, not doubting that they would be pleased to have a new view." MIiss Itlgelow had been taught theistic doctrine at a very early age; otherwise, if left to herself, shIe weold probably have' worshipped ia big rock. As she remarl'ks, 'grown-up people foster this toudieny of children to personify all things. Tlhey teach the children to "elap the naughty floor" when they fall and hurt themselves, and so forth. But we presttte that the .grown-up are hero aecotmnio dating themlselves to infiantile psychology; they did leot originally'suggest it, in all its force. If so, the question arises: did Miss Ingelow inherit a savage fancy, originally developed out of ghost-worship (as MJr. Alle:'s theory seems to be), or is this per sonitication of all things an unconscious ex tension to tlhe whole universe of the child's and the savage's ownsensoof persotnality? Is the notion of the ghost of one buried under ia stone tit all necessary for the dovelop mectt of the seltee that all things have life'? Philosopheplr and evolutionists might, at least, try to' learn mere abot' cildremt thia they lao'si at present--moro about what passes in thellir minds. An Amaorieian' author,' Miss W'iltse, has lately published some studies of childish ideas. They are less fetichistic than Miss Ingelowa' anecdote. ' A child might naturally make tie myth that thunder is caused by rolling about heavy balls incheaven,- or think that rain' wiis caused by " the lealking of the water iarts iup there:". .Thoror:is=npretty tale ofa po0r little city blild, who .ihad seen diamonds; '" ii elop window, and ot ita patch of gross in 3Miss MaIlonby's'yard, real, early in the morning." Sun, noon, and stars aro regarded as men, women, or angels, just as by the Australians, or the people of tho. Big Veda. A. child whose feet'wero stained by blue..stockings thought sonme of the sky hd fallen down and he had stepped in it.e" HIe will not-be " nearer 1Ieaven than when lie was ia boy " itn later years. 'Much might be olearned if mnotlers and nurses were anthropologists, but it has not come to that yet. 