FRENCH AFFAIRS. [From our Paris Correspondent.] Paris, May 24, 1890. It is full time for the French to make a selection, at all events, in the family linen that they wash in public. By quarrels that ought to be ended or mended behind the scenes they often "massacre the Innocents." ' The Crédit Foncier is a case in point. This is one of the most impor tant financial institutions in France, handles a capital of nearly four milliard of francs, and transacts business superior to that of the Bank of France. The Crédit Foncier is not a Governmental establishment in the sense of the State being responsible for its adminis- tration. In merely exercises a parental surveillance over its procedings, due to the magnitude of its operations. No financial institution has contributed so much to the development of the material prosperity of the country. The Crédit- Foncier has become the type for kindred institutions over the world. It lends money on well-defined conditions for the building of houses, farm offices, &c.;, and the improvement and reclamation of lands. It must have the first mortgages against its advances on real properby—the sole property it deals with; and it never invests in anything worthless. Its loans are redeemable by instalments ex- tending over a fixed number of years, and are advanced at very moderate rates of interest. Perhaps it is the most gigantic building society in the world. It is con- sidered and rightly so to be soundness itself. When it requires a loan the loan will be covered 30 times over. It borrows at a certain interest and lends its capital to builders, &c.;, at a fraction higher. It was this society that brought out the suc- cessful Bond ticket lottery system for the 1889 Exhibition. The shares of the Crédit Foncier are snapped up by humble purses, and its scrip is the favorite bridal dowry in marriage settlements. The sub-governor has had an amour-propre quarrel with the governor. This, reaching the public ear, almost pro- duced a panic. When the former resigned the uneasiness (for which there was no foundation) caused a "drop" in the shares. From 1,317 they fell to 1,265 francs. However regrettable the incident, confi- dence in the institution and its governor will not be shaken. Perhaps the revelations made on the trial of the ex-directors of the copper ring and the old Comptoir d'Es- compte have made financial functionaries nervous and martinetly timid. The trial brings to light strange and wild-cat manners in the financial world, and must be a mine of wealth to Zola, who is pre- senb at all the sittings, studying the accused—the four head centres—as so many human documents, for his forth- coming novel on company babbles and financial squeaks. The head of the head centrists is a typical "promoter." Ac- cording to the Public Prosecutor, before 1870 he failed in business, but was white- washed on compounding with his creditors at a reduction of 60 per cent. of his liabilities. Yet that same individual was able for a time to control all the copper output of the world, and to involve the Metal Society and the Comptoir Bank for a total of speculation liabilities amounting to the colossal figure of 900,000,000 francs. That day of judgment man, the liquidator, to whom all books are opened and the finance heart secrets made known, stated that the directors of the Comptoir Bank, though bound to lodge security of a first class character, only furnished securities of a third and fourth order. And yet they and the ex- compounder were entrusted with the handling of millions, naturally resulting in the ruin of thousands of families. More financial tribulation. The Ameri- cans here, who have claims against the Portuguese Government for kid-napping their Delagoa railway concession, are rough on their own, and the English Govern- ment for their slow-coachism in not bring- ing the obstreperous, fat, fussy, and patriotic bouncing Lusitanian to book at once. The Americans simply want their money, and do nor care a clam-shell whether pressing for their cash pulls down the house of Braganza and all the other European one-man power dynasties. Portugal is in a fix; she cannot command the £2,000,000 sterling to meet the dual total due to Uncle Sam and his Anglo- Saxon cousin. Paris was the only market where Portugal had the ghost of a chance to raise the wind. Her attempt bo borrow has ignominiously failed. The 1831 Dom Miguelites largely contributed to the collapse in warning the French by wall posters as big as crumb-carpets that they have not been paid money lent in 1831. Poor Desdemona! As Bra- bantio warned Othello Look to her Moor, have a quick eye to see, She has deceived her father, and may thee. Apropos of Portuguese matters, Serpa Pinto since his arrival in Lisbon is dished up in as many ways for the popular appetite as was Rocambole by Vicomte Ponsondu Terrail. An anecdote of Pinto. He dined one day with King Humbert; Queen Marguerite was charmed with his eloquent descriptions, for he speaks well. He assured her that he had already written and published several romances. The Queen was delighted, and next day ordered a message to be wired to the Italian ambassador at Lisbon to send to Rome a complete collection of Serpa Pinto's novels. The ambassador had all the publishers' shops in Lisbon searched, but they declared they had never heard of even a line of novel written or printed by Pinto. The ambassador was astounded; but he was diplomatist above all, so he wired back to her Majesty that the first edition of Pinto's works was out of print, but that he would forward the volumes without any delay when the second edition appeared. The ambassador is dead since. The declaration of Home Minister Constans, that he was occupied in examin- ing the claims of the 5,000 wild foreigners engaged in politically agitating the work- ing classes to continue to be residents in France, has undoubtedly proved a cold douche for the hot-headed world re- formers. And the possible "retreat of the ' five' thousand" has sobered even native anarchists. The latter must not be confounded with the genuine working classes, who despise them; the anarchists must be warned off the labor movement; until the seven devils be cast out of them they cannot be considered as cleansed and fit to fall into the ranks of commonsense. The healthy masses owe a chalk to the Home Minister for his hammer-and- tongs attitude towards such political loafers and social ne'er-do-wells. 'Tis the same witb common natures, Use 'em kindly they rebel; But be rough as nutmeg graters, And the rogues obey you well. But it must not be concluded that the honest working classes are either dead or gone to sleep since their trial labor holi- day; they are organising for mutual support or federated defence—in a word, getting into line; and employers are similarly occupied; they would be great fools were they not to do so. When both armies are fully organised, put down as many ponies as you please that instead of fighting they will peaceably regulate their differences. Their "hands were never made to tear each other's eyes." Help to beat off politicians from exploit- ing either of the Greeks. They were only Molière's doctors that claimed to have mortgages for the curing or killing of their patients. "Oh, name the day, the happy day." 'Tis done, gentleman and ladies. M. Guerraz, a rational chauvinist, writes that the English will quit Egypt in 1893. He does not say by what route—Alexandria, Suakim, or the Cape. He also affirms that France would gain nothing by the evacuation, but on the contrary might lose. England has two cards in her hand to be played against Monsieurs before quitting the Nile Valley, the sole right to come back if necessary, and accompanied by Turkish troops. This would make Gambetta turn in his coffin, though his brain is in a bottle in Paris, Next, requesting as a return com- pliment for France to fix her evacuation day for Tunisia. So long as England has the most favored nation trading clause with the Beylical Government the French protection of Tunisia is a help, not a hin- drance, for her commerce. As for the Egyptian debt conversion, excepting with a few who make the British evacuation their fad, the matter excites no attention. Of course all French- men wonld like to see the English oat of the country and themselves in. But they do not mean to cannonade John Bull away. The French bondholders view his presence there as the best guarantee for the payment of their coupons, and the Powers do not want to be consulted. M. Pène-Sivert truly says that naval matters occupy prominent attention in France. She aims to be as formidable on sea as on land. This looks like burning the candle at both ends. M. Sivert doubts if the French could cope with the Italian navy; were the latter allied to the German and Austrian fleets it would be impossible, while the neutrality of England must be counted with. In the next war he believes the reprisals for the destruction of trading vessels will take the form of shelling sea-side towns with long range guns. France would be mad, following M. Sivert, to engage in a maritime war with England. But he builds too much on the curtailing food supplies for the British in case of war, while forgetting that whether on sea or land the next con- flict will be of short duration, and that the defeated must pay to the utmost farthing for all the music. The report of the Panama Commis- sioners is fishy. They want 900,000,000 francs cash, or something less if the old plant be utilised. "Don't you wish you may get them?" reply financiers, shutting down their strong boxes in advance. The canal could not be completed in 1893, but it might be in 1899. The commissioners have Suez Canal on the brain, which destroyed M. de Lesseps. They have the coolness to assume that the traffic-feeding region of Panama is equal to that of Suez, that the tonnage through the Panama will equal that of Suez, though the price be 2½ francs higher, or 30 per cent. dearer, than Suez rates. 