Evictinjg a sIllost Almost every town or villa;e has its hauntrred house, and the eettlemnt o, oanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English oflicerse and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their reospective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauchamp'a house was haented was circalated by a servant. He was waklenrd one night by a most extra ordinary noise. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in tile wa!l of the house-not in one place, but in several at once, and then he heard a long drawn snigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his emroployer's room, and aroused him. vowing that the place was hauntetd. The notoriety so 2heaply earned became exeredingly disagreeable. Mlatters stood in this shapl;e for some days, when one morning a party of jogglers renohed the haunted house. As there were ainumber of children in the family the performers were invited into the ground. and gave an contertainment. Finally, onoof the men took out a small oval basket hsvino an orifice in the top, and sent ing him.elt near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the bahoket enaethe ihead of tie cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to theo measure of the music. After the snake dance-or the eiake " charming," as Europeans are wont to call it-the Indian snake-charmer walked around tlheho6seu, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the inatives he said he would take out a cobra whioh he thought was in the hole. Seating himself before the hole the magician began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then fromn the opening thero appeared the nugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. Tire man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a most remarkable noise came from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rub. bing against the timbers. Dust in clouds came from thehole, and the "charmer" started baok in terror, overturn ing the man behind him. lRecovering him selfl, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a large snake. Astoniehment wre depicted on the native's face and horror on those of many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of thie tail, and five feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted in Hindustaneefor the lookers-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually baokward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet-eighteen, wes tlhere no end? eighteen feet of quiveriig snkeflersh as largeas a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the eotire monster wao clear-at least twenty feet in length-big nough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, not in the least dis couraged. lIe clung to the tail end as the huge reptile turned toward him with an angry hies he gave it a twinging motion by turning elowly. Gradually be increased his speed, turning faster and faEter, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, the spokes of wl'ieli were the body of tile python. So rapid wase the mouion that the snake's body was perfectly etraight, and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was sale, hut if the monster could reach him he would in a moument be crushed in thie horrible folds of thie reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew whant hie was ab'out. Not far from tie house stogd a stout flag-staff a foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, and toward this he was gradually moving, wrirling thie snake faster rUnd faster. Wlten !ie iee within twenty-five feet of it, it dawond npon the fewr spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he come, whirling faster anid faInster, until thie reptile stood out iike a whlip-lceh, iand then, with a quick step for wari, hie brought the bend of the animal against the wood with a cruehiug sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in conrulsive folds, digging up the earthi and sending'clouds of dust into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there r-as the "ghost." 