IFioveUet; THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; \- OK, lady Olietwynd'g Spectre. by mos. haq1uet lewis CHAPTER XVI. . LADY DIANA NOIITIIWICK. Xi&dy; Diana Horthtvick, celebrated for her . beauty and scintillaot wit, was a must ac complisbcd cofjuctte and woman ot society ; and Lady Fortescuo might well feel appro. hsDsive lest the great explorer, so Ions; un used to ladies' society, should fall a victim to bcr nlluring beauty. Butthe distinguished explorer seemed by no means ready to fall upon ids kuccs a cap tive to tbo charms of Lady Diana, iio rc garded bcr with a cool cynicism that piqued tier, and yet his manner was full of a gcnllo courtesy that showed that ho had not always been a stranger to a lady's drawing room. v , Lady. Diana was greatly impressed with his, appcaranoo It would bo Boinothlng, sfaL thought, with the instincts of tbo " r si i -A® aroused by bis c<?o! cynicisinj to uifiiitTa mnn liko this to her feotf. \- "I would liko to Bubdue his pride,'! . thought the beautiful coquette. M I can-do It, and I will l By tbo by, I wonder) if there's a Mrs, Tempest ? My success will \- bingo upon.tbat,-' Bho soon had an opportunity . to satisfy : -.her- - curiosity, . . Ab . she was ' slowly. promenading with Tempest ho mado a . remark about having no friends or relatives In England. . ; ' Pardon mo," said. Lady Diana, but you: cxcitomycurio8ity. 'Havo you no -family' . ties, Mr, Tempest 7". . "None whatever, Lady Diaua.". . Lady Diana looked surprised, but iu Iter! heart sho was pleased, Hur object of sub> duing this haughty cynical celebrity was not likoly to bo interforred with by;n possible \- Mrs Tempest. rTompest's wit was as brilliant as her own and they be'cAuo absorbed in couvcrsnbion, which thoy kept up until the littlo fernery. , whero tiiey hadpasscd. bccame iiHod witb groups of lovers, and they then returned to : tho drawingroom. They presently becamo separated, and did not. rucet'. ngain throughout ; the evening, until Lady Diana came down from the dress. \- log. room, shrouded in a while opera, cloak and hood, when Tempest stepped. forward . ; with grayecourtc&ynnd; oirercd her his nrm to conduct hor to ber enrringe.' LordTunta- "'mour sprang forward just an instant too late, Lady Diana laid herlittlu gloved hand on Tempest's arm, and walked beside him . out at tuaopeh doorwny, down the. carpeted. stono steps under tho gay awning,, and was Assisted by thc returned traveller, into bcr :-CArriago. ; Sho bestowed upon him a bewitching smilo, and asked him to call upon horat her houso iu Park Lano, saying thai sho would \- always bo at bomotohim. Tempest accepted tho invitation grnyely, and bowing, deeply, stepped back, giving place to Lord' Tenia- \- mour, who, with a displeased air, entered the carriage, as it rolled ; away, TempeBt ascended tho steps and re-entered tho houso, grimly Bmiling. Tho day after Lndy.FortcscuoVparty Lady . Diana Northwick stood at one of .the broad . piato«glass French windows of her owii . drawing "roomi in , her '; stately hoiiso : nb South Audloy street, looking out idly yet with an expectancy unknown to herself. : .v Bctoro tho briglit hcarlli etood her lover, to whom Bbo wab srid -to be betrothed— ' Lord Tout-amour. He was' evidently irri tated and annoyed. Oao might hnve deemed that tho noble prir hal been quarreling, . -bub for thoy quiet impnsivcnefU) of tho lady's cold and hnug'nt.y facoi and tho ex pression of weariness in- her magnificiub otnro oyc's.' - - -I beglh to believe that penplo are riglit, Diana, and that you have no heart," said Lord Tentaraiour, bitterly, »4 You lmvo played fast' and luoso with tnc. for years ; you havo always held mo At arms' length, and treated me more ns . ait ordinary friend than as your accepted lover and promised husband, I am tired of all this." 11 If you aro 1 tired of nit lid.' " paid Lady Diana, coldly. Myou c»n llin/ ojf my nimckles. I will givu you back your liberty, On'the whole, perhaps tbat course migbb.be , .best." 41 1 refuse to nccepVit 1" cried L'wd Tenia nibur, the angry Hush "dcrpn>ng in ids fau«, H Diano, you nrc cruel. I beHeve, as'peoplo" BAy, that. yon wer? born without a heart. . I ' have, been your betrot hed husband fo- more years than I liko to count. You nriMiot treating mo well. , I demand that our long . engagement terminate at once in marriage, 2 shall give you no further grace. lou slia'd aarry mo within a month." Lady Diana's, pure pale checks kindled jDt.OwCjroo,- MjvJMontamour forgets to whom hu is sbssald Icily,- u, I H'lvrgcst that yc4;-.».Tordahi|) seek a brido in Tuikey. I bollevc, outside of Turkey, n- lady is a'lnvved some voico in respect to her own marriage, Your new rait of (tron-1 Ttuk tl'ii k. not lir- come yotii /do not intend to be inarrit'din n month's time, If you so intend you must seek another bride Ihanl."' 41 You aro very foud oi your liberty /' said IiIq lordship, with'n alight, almost impercep tible sneer- ",And what use.do tiiu nmk»» of Hf .You aro ft- coqocUv whose brdy o»>j-ct in lifo is to play' the part of false l/aacon, -and luro men to their ru'u. Can y<»u truth- fully attirm .lliat yon did not play thu en- ' quctte last night with tliis'; now' lipa-r'thls garter cEpIoier-rliaBil Tempfistr1; " 'The tiamn on Lady Diana's chteks burnt yet more rlrldly, ; " I have not appointed you my father con fe6sor, Lord Tcntamour," sho said, looking more attentively from tbo window, "I was civil to t is stern, dark-browed traveller, scarcely more." " You call it bare civility to devote to him n full, hour" out'of your evening— to question him in regard to. his adventures— to app nr awed aud thrilled aud delighted .by tuiiiH, and to exhibit au interest in him you rurclj exhibit towards even tne J" said Lord Tcnimnmir, with jealous vehemence. I ocn that you are iutorisled in Iilui, I iosist, Diana, that a stop bo put to your cnquelrit'B, J demand again that y?ur cngageu cnt lo mo bo fulfHed iramcdiately, I will, nut wait for you longer, Uruat Heaven! Look nl the years I. have wasted in dancihe Attendance upon you. My sun- pehae must cease to-day. You iiu'.'Jtiiumo our bridal day," . - In ids ju;tloiis nsi'i'U, his hndahip as- siinied a die atoria! air that niouaed I,r,dy D.'nn.Vs tl» ft:inl ntiger, tflic turned away from the wiudow-and approached him, her blue eyes blazing, her lips curled in scrn ami nvcrfiion. She pulled from one slender for« -fingor a ring eet with an immense diaumti'?, and dropped it into Tuntumour's hands in haughty silence. ' "Diana!- What does. this menu ?' It incniiA that you aro freq—nnd that I am also free I It means ".llmt you lmvc no longer a right to vent your jealous rage upon me., lam tircd of these sccnue,. I have deterred our marriage from year to year for reasons which you know as well as I. Our. engagement is terminated nt U«t, I advise y«>u to woo niid wiu soma one more meek and submissive than I ' Aod yoU mcau tbat it is all over between us?" " Ail over, my lord. We o-nso to be luvcis, but wc may, if you chooso, be frunds." His lonlnhip laugbud LUtrrly n!i«r«neer- iogly, and turnvd the precious gem over nud over in his haruL. He was on the point of bursting forth into fierce rcpioaehts. when a rcBotinding knock was heard on the housu door, A moment later, tlio ta'.l, beculrcd footman ushered into the drawing-room the great Tartar explorer, Basil IVinpt sh Lird Tcntamour tbrist the belrwf.Lnl ling in Ills .pocket nnd determined doggedly to give thu ncw-couier no advantage, but lo outstay him and renew the broken engage ment. Ho would not give up his beautiful betrothed, and he had Aufiicient confidence in himself to believe that he could wiu her back, Mr. Tempos cutnc iu, grave and courteous, his dark, stern face wearing its uaual com manding expression, and his cool, keen eyes taking in the discomfort of Tentnmour's situation nt a glance. He was consci-ud, even before a word hud born spoken, thut Lady Diana and Tentamonr had quarrelled, hut lie gave no sign iu his manner of his discovery. L-idy Diana greeted him with a amilo tiiut stung Tcntamour as a covert Insult to him self. "I am delighted to ecoyau, Mr. Tempest, " Baid the lady, with charming court, s/# giv- ant her 1 and to the explorer. "It is plow ing to find that amoug bo many eluimants upon yeur attention, you have not forgotten me;M Tempest made a ple-aianf. nvponsc, and then exchanged greetings wiU» Lord Tm tu mour. The two gentleman did not shake hands, but they exchanged glances of dis like, and were from that mGincut encmhs. . Lxdy Diana won the explorer to spfuk of himself and his adventures, winch lie did with modest ease and grays. Lord Tenia- .mour listened with n paroeptiblo sneer. " Do you know," said Lady.. Diana, ri llec- tivcly, "I ndmiro excessively all tliisdsrine,. ihis disregard of luxuries and comforts, this devotion to science ; but I fear I have not in mo the stuff of which explorers; arc. made. After one of those, long tonihoiir rides which you describe, through a drizzling rain,. I should long for u warm fireside, and refuau to be comforted with a bed on the hard ground. And, although I nm not' very fond of ray kind, 1 "till should prefer to; ace how tbon an Englfsh countonaneo inBtcad of tboso round Mongolian faces." "I never experienced a desire to scenu English faee," reninrked TempeBt. "In truth; 1 was not likely to mi ft' many of them in northern -tJhina or thereabouts. The British traveller, as a rule, clings to the well-beaten routes. I have beru nwny from England for a Bcoro of years, .mure or less, and.iu all that timo I scarcely met with one of my countrymen. 1 avoided tlicm on my return to England, being something of a' misanthrope, /hut in my very avoidance of them.I.feli in witli one upon a steamer in whicli I sailed from Genoa to Marseilles, nnd I felt drawn to him as if he hud been uiy own Bon. lie was a noble young fellow, as fair as a girl naturally, but his faco'wim bronzed by Eastern suns. His eyes were blue— 03 b)uo as your own, Lady Diana. He looked delicate, yet I do not doubt his sleudor frame was as strong as steel. Ho bad the soul of a lion in his light and supple frame. .Ifc . was ,ti marquis, although bo young. His name was Lord Chetwynd. Do you know hiih7": "I know his/mother," said Lady Diaua. 'Lady (Jhetwynd married n Bwarthy. Indinu colonel, vylin was poor, nnd:had two ohijjdren by a wife. he married ahd who died in India. They say. tho first . Mrs. Monk was a balf- casto. and 1 thitik ihe story may bo true, for .Miss Monk is b warty nnd has an-Enatlndian look. Lady Ohetwynd bcoanie Lady Barbara Monk—1 hllfor loveV a8 the song says. The colonel must huvo fascinated her, as snakes fascinate birds. ' Ho, was not a winning, sort of mail. ' This young. Lord Chetwynd made \- a ramantic mafriauc, and bis wife died soon afterward, The marriaco wns a mesalliance, Ue wrtB cnRogcd to Mini Monk ; and, by tho way, they -ore now re-ongaged, and will-B'oou be married. .Thoy had a lovers' quarrel, and he went away in his yacht to Norway and the Ucbridean . group of islands.'and In a fit of pique nt Miss Muuk married a plain littlo island girl, who had boon adopted by tho. island pastor, nnd educated as a lady. Thore was not a gentleman's family on tho island except tho minister's. And Lord Chetwynd brougiit that child— she wus only, sixteen or seventeen— to reign as mfstrees of Chetwynd Park, ft whs a second edition of Lord and Lady Burleigh. The grandeurs of bor new, position overwhelmed. the young island girl,' nnd she died some two months after her ad vent in England, . Lady Chetwynd, with nil her shortcomings, was a wonderful young crcalurcfthe more to ho admired when one reflects that the Island of fit. Hilda is n inero rock, inhabited by n rude and iguoraut peasantry. Mr. Tempest's face grew suddenly white. II What island did you say, Lady Diana?" he ast-ed,' cngeily. . " St. ICIIda j a bit of rock some two 'miles bv -Hireo, with mouutnin peaks and, a village on tho little bay. Tho island is not well known," .... " The story.;, interests' me strangely,1 "said Mr T-mp««l, in n voice that liad suddetily ir'r-iirii lpi?ky, " Such romantic - marriages nrc'nirt? ; and, besides,- Lord Chetwynd is my friend. He hni» asked mo down to Ch-jtwyud Park. It is odd thut he should hnvo married a fisher girl. What was her name?" " B.mlc3 Gweilftn. O-ld, is it not?" she iuq'dred, Mr. Temp<-'Ht '.verted ids fnco and did not answer. It required nil bin stern and power ful will tn command ' liin 'emotions at that inuinent. - For, as tho reader knows, 'it wns jio who had conveyed tho baby Bernieo to the isd'ind of fit. ICilda fifteen years beforo, nnk roti tided her to the care of tho. G wet- iiuiH. It was for tho sake of ilcrnice that hu had returned, although sn tarvlily, from.hfs Eastern xp'orntioris. Bernieo was his own and otilr-child, and only since he hud heard of her dValli had ho known how he loved her. Aui now he learned (hat she had hot died on the island— that she loved and had been j(,ved had been wooed and married— hod been iu England, nnd was buried but a brief journey from London, The discovery held «Jm epcecblesB, but Lord Tcntamour filled up the silence with somo remark and Tempest's ogltation was unnoticed. Tempest conquered his emotion as tbo lloli- tamer conquers his beasts in their cage. Ho commanded himself with n will tbat seemed of iron. And although his faco was pale, and his black eyes strangely sombre, yet his tone was careless as ho said, in his usual voice : "The story is very entertaining. Its beauty is spoiled by the fact 'of -Lord' Ohet- wynd's expected second marriage, But perhaps that is well, lie is. young, and Miss Monk wa«, .you say. his first Iuve. I will tako a rati down to Obctwynd Park after a few days, and see my fellow-traveller," con tinued Tempest, "Shall you go.hnck 'oTortary in-n month, Mr. Tcmp?t>t ?" asked Lady Diana. " If you answer iu the.nffirmntlve, I shall think Lon don has lost all Us attractions." "I may stay lunger than. I at first in- tended/! rcplhd the explorer. "My plans nro not yetsettted, 1 begin to fear," nnd ho directed an admiring look toward her lady ship, " that London— or South Audley street — lms too many Attractions for me, and wlU hold me here when 1 should be gono," Lord Tentamonr looked displeased. " Lady-Diana and I wore speaking of you buforc you came in, Mr. Tempest," said his lordship, stiffly, "and in admiring your ex ploits catno naturally to Speak of your family. Aro you of tho Durham Tem-- "pcstsl" " I cm a connection of that family," said tho cxp'orcr coolly. L'>ru Tentamonr, having expected a ncga- tire. w.is flibnerd. Tempest prolonged bis call to tho limits of propriety, and then rcsc to tako lcavo. Other guests arriving at tiie moment, nothing re mained for Lord Tcntamour but to depart with his rival. Lady Diann invited the ex plorer to call again, and Tempest noticed that her betrothal ring, which be had ob served on the previous night, was absent from her finger. This ffiet, added lo Tentn mour's silence nud suppressed onger, con vinced him "that tho engagement between the noble pair had been broken that very day. He inid up the fact for future use, and bade her good morning with nn irnfresscment that seemed to indicate an extrcmo admira tion for her The rivals— for -Lord Tcntamour saw ia Tempest nn actual rival— emerged from the house together. At the foot of tho steps they halted on tho pnvemcnL Tempest raised his hat in adieu, but Lord Tcntamour detained Itini. ' How long aro you likely to be In Eng land, sir? ' inquired his lordship. " It U imp s.Hihlo to say, my lord, I in tended to rtturn to China within a month. As I feel now I may cover po back." You have come to this accision since you entered Lady Diana Nortbwlck's house this afternoon ; ia it not so?" "Your natulan' does you credit, my lord. It is so." Lord Tentnmour's face deepened in its sullen Hush of rage. "Am T to understand that you arc one of Laly Diana's numerous victims?" ho sneered, "Are you, like fo many others, striving to win the rich young widow?" "The list arc open to all," said Tempest, quietly. " 1 coiieiudo that no engagement of marriage exists between you and Lady Diann, sines I saw no betrothal ring to day npon her finger. And if she is not bound by any ties 1 shall ocek to win her. X Am frank with yqu. J ntlinho Lady Diana. I plncu tnysilf ns your rival. If I can win bcr I will marry her. Let her chooso between us, my lord. If sho prefers you it will bo all right, 'and I'll go back to Tartnry. If she lovis mu I shall regard myself as a fortu nate .mntvnhd shall marry her before tbo summer is over. A clear field is all I ask." "You nrecool," eaid Tcntamour, with & scowl. " The lady is my promised wife.. I forbid your attention's to her." 7 "No ono can forbid them but the lady herself. - Jf she asser's that they are unwel come, or that she prefers to/ marry you, 1 will retire as graeefuily os may bo) But the fact stands, niy lord. You and I arc rivals, and I shall marry LaUy.Diana Noitbwick if I cam" : II -j bow od courteously to the enraged lord andpnssedbn. OHABTER XYH. . llAilEB AMD IlER VI0TI1I. Thcbustle of a great preparation prevaded Ohctwvnd Park, Tho announcement of fPird ChV-twynd'a : betrothal t6 Sylvia Monk had boon publicly made, and had appeared in the E istbourntrlecariiewspapcrs. and in tho London fashionablo journals. Tho mar riage wna to take plaee the third week iu June,; and it was now the first week in April. Miss Monk had an insatiate and ungovern able lovo of luxury.-Sbe drew liberally upon Lord Chetwynd's pitrse. She intcndcd tlmt her bridal outfit BhouUI rlvnl that of the I'rlnccFS Lnuiso. Despito "lior indolent uftturo, she never tired of trying on new garments, jc wcIb and shawls; and her morn ings wore all spent in her drcwlngiroom among her dressmakers and her 'fineries. Sho triod.to fceVsecurrf. in b'bt good'fuitune. Her betrothal lrtid bKn -mitde public, and what could bappen to hgain break oil their marrirtgo? - Ah l what ? ; Sho k no w /that 13 ernice Chetwynd lived,' nnd tbo fear Was never Absent ' from her guilty soul! lefit Bernfco should reveal herself- to Cbotwyhd, and claim ber old place in his heart and /home' By/day and by night a hannting' dread possrBsed bcr. . This was telling on hor. How was she to enduro it for three mouths ? Why did not Bernieo come forward ? Why did she hide herself, no one know where, like , a guilty person? Sylvin tormented horself with these questions, but could not nnswor 'them-.' ; Gilbert Monk stayed on at tho Park, secretly searching .for Bernieo, and was inexpressibly anxious and troubled. If Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were fully oc cupied, Lord Chetwynd was not leso. sp.- Gis occupation was of the most practical dcacription. Ha vyas busy with the memorial school which was to -perpetuate tho name of Bcrnice, -Ho interested himself in this project ns be bad intcicstcd himself in nothing since ho had lost his young wife. He thoughtof her con tinually. His project seemed to bring bim nearer to her. - Ono evening, after dinner, Lord Chetwynd .walked over to tho bailiff's villa, intent upon sotqo new amplification of his favorite idea of the school, and old Rngce stalked silent ly afar off In the shadows, and, watched, in fear aud tri»mbling, toflCd if-.Bernico would not appear. . , Chetwynd spont tho evohjngiu his bailiff's ofilcQ.diBeusslng business. It.was after ten o'olouk when hu took bis leave and set out upon his return homo by a privato path traversing the park, ; - . The moon hnJ risea In mellow glory, and its soft light lay In -broad streams upon tho wido avenues. In tbo narrower "paths the light flickered down In . tremulous showers though tho riftlT In tho trees.- The stars were glowing softly In the blue nsuro of tho heavens. Suehalight no this Lord Chet wynd had kuown in St. Kiidn; Here, as thoio, the waves beat ia tho distance on tho rocks liko pulses, and Chetwynd could almost fancy tnat Bernieo was with him " llow thls .-nieht brings her back to mo l" 'ho thought, 'iu> his anguish of desolation. " Ob, to sec her as I saw ber upon tbat first evening of my Jreturn home from my vrander- ingsl Oh,Bernlce'l Berniccl' Whether- tt be on illusion of ruy senses or a veritable apparition; ' como back' to mo 'onco more ( Only :onco moro. lot me behold- tbo sweet vision ot my lost young Vifc I" Was the longing intense enough to bring its own fulfilment? / ' '' ; In the broad sheen of the moonlight, a few yards in advance of him, at n point where a wide avenue crossed the' narrow path which Lord Chetwynd wo9 trending, no saw a slender .figure in white, ber face turned to him, her arms outstretched to ward him/ He halted speU-hoand. She seemed a vision too ethereal for human ity. He believed then, as ho had not be- liorcd before, in spite of bia lack of super stition nnd bis contempt for the stories of su pernatural, and ho rras looking upoua disem bodied spirit L llu. believed that he beheld Dehiicoi but. Bcriiicc frccu from all morlai incumbrance, ns she liad come back to him,: from her hdme. Li heaven. He did not -reason— be only felt She was dressed in the whito silk robe in which he lind consigned her to thu tomb. It trailed after hoc on the grouud. Her neck was bare, the Incu frills of her Pompadour corsage 7 rising round It like fonm. Her long dusky hair trailed over her shoulders like a cloud. lie could even see every featuro of bor radiant beauty iu tlio soft sbccn of tho moonlight. Her face had a mournful, yearning look tbat wcut to his boul, He dared not advanco lest, she should fade from his sight.- And so he stood entranced, scarcely daring to brcatb, devouring her with his oyci). Tbo rencontic, so dramatic and sensa tional, had not been planned by Bernice. She" was as much surprised as Chetwynd, and sbo was also spell bound. Bho had spent all these days since her Inst appearance to him in n lonely garret above the very attics in the unused, tower of the great house of Chetwynd Park. In this secluded nnd hiddoh retreat, of which Monk bad never even thought, Bernlee Hvsd her strange, desolate, mournful exist ence. - She bad carried up to her retreat a store of -blankets, which sho bad managed to secure froui the rooms below, Sho had also brought with hor from Mnwr Castle changes of garments, enough for nil her needs. In her dingy garret she wore her gray travelling robes and a long waterproof cloak, preserving her while silk gown un- soiled. She brought hither alo stores of food from the pantry, larder and store room, and bad procured sevcra. bottles of wine from tbo butler's pantry in the night. Her object in thus remaining on at the Park sho did not know herself. She only felt that she could not go. Sho was bound by an oath, which sho was too rdlgioiiB not to hold sacred, not to reveal the fact that she lived to her husbnnr, except with Gil bert Monk's consent. He bad refused that consent; and, indeed, she would not now have asked for it, Shu had no wish to re turn from tho grav. unwclcqmed. She believed that all mourning for her was past, that her place was filled, and that sbo was forgotten. She wouhi not return to claim u place in which another bnd been installed. Slio only wished that she had died. Sho had borne rhc closeness nnd dingin-'fb of her garret until n longing liad come over bcr to Inhale again the fresh air, and to walk in the park, She was weak from want of exercise, and on this night had robed herself iu Iter white burial robe, na a matter of precaution ngniiist detection, and had thrown about her her black clonk, and had stolen out into tho pnrk unseen by any of the inmates of the house. Arrived In the pnrk, nnd finding the nir mi'd, she ha/I (lung aside her clonk, and was carrying it on her arm. If Chetwynd s sensation nt beholding bcr was ono of rapture, bora was one of terror She trembled in hor fear of dis covery. They regarded each other for some moments in a stirougo silence, Coot- wyod'e brcatb carno heavy and pant- ingly, His eyes were wild and start ing. Suddenly, without' a word or cry, he leaped, forward and rah toward' her headlong. Bernieo retreated before , him in instinc tive flight.' :</. He pursued; She cuuld Almost benr. his frenzied breathing. He . came i oo with- a- swift rush, as if. ho meant to seize bcr whether she were human or spirit. She turned into' the wide' 'avenue and fled like a deer. She would not be taken. Turn ing Into an obsuure path near nt band, alio caught. up her dress nnd flung around ber her black cloak. Then sho halted behind a tree, concealing herself. Chetwynd went by along the path swiftly in a blind pijieiiit. Ho tmd lust sight of the glorious virion, but ho prayed to see it again— only once again. Dornice listened until, tiie sound of his tread hnrl'died nway lii- the distance. She was panting and frightened, wild-eyed and trembling. . She crppc forth from hur con cealment nnd. entered the park again. She did not glance behind her, else she would have seen the- tall, shadowy figure cf tho old East Indian woman stalMbg silently on the dark, border of the path. But Ragoo saw her and know her. And suddenly, ns Bernieo stole along the lonoly- path— (Jhet wynd far beyond benriugr— the old woman launcbud licrself forward in a swift panther spring; and burled herself upon . Bernieo, bearing her to the earth in . the violence- of .bar onslaught.' - " live got you, at. last, havoTP/hisscd tho witch-like oUU woman, holding tbc girl in her iron grip. " And now,'- if you plenso; we'll come Lo a settlement." The. suddenness of the oid East Indian worn ad's -attack-, upon hep for an instant' paralysed tho'yniiDg' Marchioness of Oiiot- wy'nd, bntsho did not faint nor shriek. The moment her ' brief - stupefaction began to cleat away, she turned upon hor assailant, fighting like nlittle tigress. 'She was in a panic of mortal terror, nnd- she struck out blindly, with all tbo energy of an utter des peration, \- She speedily discovered that she was but as a child in tbo iron grasp of bsMwsailnnt. Rageo's muscles wefo of steel; A desperate fury animated tbo - Hindoo woman. She' bad tb&ndvnntage;, Also, not baviag relaxed bor first bold on Bdrnice; nnd tbe girl- pant- ing'aad breAthless.wIld-eyed and trembling stood still Qt last, nnd looked over her shoulder at lier enemy with a'wlld and bor- rifiedgaze, " Who is it?" Bernice whispered, pant- ing."',' ! / V It is I— old Ragee," 1 hissed the Hindoo woman in the girl's ears. Tbo oxpression in Bernice's eyes deepened Into amnzement find terror. Bho made another vain e(fort to free herself. TUon she whispered " What d'j-yaii want of me? What is the meaning of this nBsnult?" ".Pt-rhapa you think I don't know you," onid tbc Hindoo woman, taantingly. ' It was I who dragged the shawl from your shoulders tbat nigbt iu tbo great house. I knew you," and ber tones grow fierce and hateful, " I know you, my lady. You were supposed to, bavo died ; you lay in state in your burial robes for six days- you were buried In tho Chetwynd vault. And yet here you are alive 1 It is you, and none otborf It is you, and not a ghost!' His you in the flesh, alive, strong, well. . How happens this, that, you livo who have been mourned as dead ?" . The fierce, vindictive voico failed - to kindle a spark of anger in Barolce'a breast.' Her berat throbbed with a keen pain. Bbe, was bewildered, dizzy, and still trembling. Bbe did not answer. " Speak I" cried the Hindoo womnn, shak ing her. " Do you deny that yon nro tho Marchioness of Chetwynd ?". Burnico's oath prevented her declaring bcr identity. Not even to old IUgue could she confess herself the ' Morcbloucsa of Ouetwynd. Speak 1" ri'Ueratcd the old woman 11 Bpuak, or 2 will drag you up to tho great house, and into ray lord s presence." \- "No, no," cried. Bounce. "Twill not go there 1 What do you want of rae ? ' You ftcknowlodgc that you are Lady Chetwynd?"— (7b h Continued,). 