THE EARLY BUSHRANGERS OF TASMANIA. By JAMES BOWICK,. Author of "Geo- graphy of Australia, and New Zealand." &c.;, &c.; Michael Howe— (Continued) Again at large, with an additional hun- dred upon his head, and no confidence in comrades, Michael henceforth led a solitary life, worried and chased as a wild beast. Clad in raw kangaroo skins, and with a long, shaggy, black beard, he had a very Orson-like aspect. Badgered on all sides, he chose a retreat among the mountain fastnesses of the Upper Shannon, a dreary solitude of cloud-land, the rocky home of hermit eagles. On this elevated-plateau — contiguous to the almost bottomless lakes, from whose crater-formed recesses in ancient days torrents of liquid fire poured forth upon the plains of Tasmania, or rose uplifted in basaltic masses like frowning Wellington ; within sight of lofty hill of snow, having the Peak of Teneriffe to the south, Frenchman's Cap and Byron to the west, Millers Bluff to the east, and the serrated crest of the Western Tier to the north ; entrenched in dense woods, with surrounding forests of dead poles, through whose leafless passages the wind harshly whistled in a storm : thus situated amidst some of the sublimest scenes of nature, away from suffering and degraded humanity, the lonely bushranger was confronted with his God and his own conscience. Yet it is possible for one to dwell near the glittering Needles of the Alps, and have no appreciation of majestic beauty ; to witness the rushing waters of Niagara, and hear no voice of Deity in their roar ; to bask in the sunlit loveliness of rosy Cashmere, and bend the knee to the blood-spattered image of the Thug. When busy memory, in the repose of even- ing twilight, or amidst the wild mountain dance of tempest lives, would revert to deeds of horror, or call up the softer shades of guiltless childhood, did no sigh expand that powerful chest, or tear bedew that passion-furrowed countenance? Dr. Ross wrote his reflections upon a visit to that locality:- "With remorse of the most horrible robberies and mur- ders upon his conscience, he was here left to himself to contrast the native innocence and serenity of God's works with his own wicked heart, added to the hourly dread of apprehension. The tumultuous laugh, the heated exhilaration of companions in sin to drown reflection, were wanting to him. The silent language of nature must have incessantly read him a lesson that would harrow up the soul. But his days were numbered. He had constructed a hut in a secluded little mountain valley. The floor was neatly laid with bark, a huge honeysuckle sheltered it in the rear, and a sweet stream trickled below the grassy slope in front. A visitor in 1823 compared the place to the Valley of Basselts, and was charmed with its scenery. He was awe struck when standing at the brink of a neighbour- ing basaltic precipice, 600 feet deep to the dark abyss, through which a silvery line indicated the path of the Ouse, or Big River. He found the hut tenanted by the wife of one of Mr Lord's stockmen. Interrogating her as to the loneliness of the situation, he received for reply these words of mystic import: "Nothing troubles me, except when I awake at night, and my cow comes to haunt me." The traveller wondered at her fears about the ghost of her cow. But the poor woman meant the spirit of Michael Howe, or Mike Howe as he was popularly called; deeming the H superfluous, she pro- nounced the name of this terror of settlers as " my cow." The manner of the bushranger's capture will be best told in the language of one of the lucky captors. We merely premise that Worrall was then a transported Nore mutineer, and Warburton was a com- panion of the kangaroo hunter and stolen goods receiver. The conflict here nar- rated took place on October 21st, I818 : — " I was now," said Worall, "determined to make a push for the capture of this villain, Mick Howe, for which I was pro- mised a passage to England in the next ship that sailed, and the amount of the reward laid upon his head. I found out a man of the name of Warburton, who was in the habit of hunting kangaroos for their skins, and who had frequently met Howe during his excursions, and some times furnished him with ammunition. He gave me such an account of Howe's habits, that I felt convinced we could take him with a little assistance. I therefore spoke to a man named Pugh, belonging to the 48th Regiment, one whom I knew, was a most cool and resolute fellow. He im mediately entered into my views, and having applied to his commanding officer, he was recommended by him to the Governor, by whom I was permitted to act, and allowed to join us; so he and I went directly to Warburton, and heartily entered into the scheme, and all things were arranged for putting it into execu- tion. The plain was this :—Pugh and I were to remain in Warburton's hut, while Warburton himself was to fall into Howe's way. The hut was on the River Shannon, standing so completely by itself, and so out of the track of anybody who might be feared by Howe, that there was every probability of accomplishing our wish. Pugh and I accordingly proceeded to the appointed hut. We arrived there before daybreak, and having made a hearty breakfast, Warburton set out to seek Howe. He took no arms with him, in order to still mere effectually carry his point, but Pugh and I were provided with muskets and pistols. The sun had been just an hour up, when we saw Warburton and Howe upon the top of a hill, coming towards the hut. We expected they would be with us in a quarter of an hour, and so we sat down upon the trunk of a tree inside the hut, calmly waiting their arrival. An hour passed, but they did not come, so I crept to the door cautiously and peeped out. There I saw them stand- ing within a hundred yards of us in earnest conversation; as I learned afterwards, the delay arose from Howe suspecting that all was not right. I drew back from the door to my station, and in about ten minutes after this we plainly heard footsteps and the voice of Warburton. Another moment, and Howe slowly entered the hut— his gun presented and cocked. The instant he espied us, he cried-out, "Is that your game?" and immediately fired, but Pugh's activity prevented the shot from taking effect, for he knocked the gun aside. Howe ran off like a wolf. I fired, but missed. Pugh then halted and took aim at him, but also missed. I immediately flung away the gun and ran after Howe ; Pugh also pursued ; Warburton was a considerable distance away. I ran very fast ; so did Howe ; and if he had not fallen down an unexpected bank I should not have been fleet enough for him. This fall, however, brought me up with him ; he was on his legs and preparing to climb a broken bank, which would have given him a free run into the wood, when I presented my pistol at him, and desired him to stand; he drew forth another, but did not level it at me. We were then about fifteen yards from each other — the bank he fell between us. He stared at me with astonishment, and to tell you the truth, I was a little astonished at him, for he was covered with patches of kangaroo skins, and wore a black beard — a haver- sack and powder- horn slung across his shoulders. After a moment's pause, he cried out, "-Black beard against grey beard for a million !" and fired'; I slapped at him, and I believe hit him, for he stag- gered, but rallied again, and was clearing the bank between him and me, when Pugh ran up, and with the butt-end of his firelock knocked him down, jumped after him, and battered his brains out, just as he was opening a clasp knife to defend himself." Thus finished Michael Howe. His head was cut off and triumphantly exhibited in Hobart Town. We are told that "the countenance betrayed the lineaments of a murderer truly horrific." Syme, his his- torian says : — " During his long career of guilt, Michael Howe was never known to perform one humane act.'' Long was the rejoicing upon the fall of the Black Douglas of Tasmanian households. LEMON. Lemon was one of Michael Howe's con- temporaries. The scene of his exploits is the neighbourhood of Oatlands, in the centre of the island. The swampy source of the River Jordan, once visited by the writer, was known as Lemon's Lagoon. The favourite haunt of this renowned foot- pad is now called Lemon Springs, half way between Jericho and Oatlands. A low speckled hill near that marsh was his ambush, whence he issued on the approach of a traveller. We have a luminous account of the capture of this worthy mate of Mike's from the pen of Mr. Barker, barrister, some five-and-twenty years ago, and we cannot do better than give it in that gentleman's own language : — " In the autumn of 1815, Michael Mansfield, a prisoner holding a ticket of leave, and re- siding near the Black Bush, went forth one afternoon to look for some cattle of his own, and some he had in charge belonging to others. These were grazing at a distance from his hut, and he proceeded briskly onward, following a cattle- track through a dense forest, which he knew led to where the herd was pasturing. Suddenly his progress was arrested by two savage- looking-fellows, one emerging from either side of the path. They were dressed in kangaroo skins, sandals of the same on their feet, and knapsacks on their backs ; each carried a musket, and one had a brace of pistols stuck in his girdle. Mans- field immediately recognised one as Lemon, the robber and bushranger. Mike, how- ever, being a true son of Hibernia and an old man-of-war's man, was a stranger to fear, and resolved to make the best of a bad bargain. Lemon asked who and what he was, to which Mike answered truly, and his own native tongue. The bushrangers then cast off their knapsacks (which seemed well filled), and commanded Mans- field to carry them, warning him at the same time that if he attempted to escape they would shoot him on the spot. Poor Mansfield jogged on under his weary load, venturing now and then a few remarks on the 'treatment' poor prisoners met with in this cursed country; and 'troth and sure ' he was but a poor prisoner himself, and never hurt nor meddled with no one, far less a bushranger : and he was after hoping they were not going to ill-use him, or take him away from his poor dumb ' bastes' ; for sure they'd all be astray, master would have him catted, and poor Mick would be a ruined man for ever and a day. At this pathetic appeal the bush- rangers seemed to soften, and after con- sulting together, they proposed, on certain conditions, to allow him to depart. They stipulated that he should meet them on an appointed day at a particular spot, and bring them flour, tea, sugar, and spirits, if he could procure any ; they would be on the look out, and his signal to them was to be the smoke of a fire which he was to light. Mike promised to comply, and was allowed to go his way without further molestation. On the day appointed, he selected one of his men on whom he could depend, and taking his musket and dogs, gave out that he was going to shoot kangaroos. When he had gone a short distance, he asked Phelim, 'Would he like to see ould Dublin?' 'By the Piper, of Leinster ! that I would, master,' was the reply. ' Then by the holy poker, ye may,' said Mike, ' if you only stand by me and do a bould deed.' 'And won't I, sure,' said Phelim, 'only make me certain of setting my foot in ould Dublin agen, and I'll stand by you, master of mine, until every bone in this skin is bate to shivereens.' 'Well, I intend to take Lemon, and if you'll stand by me, we'll both of us just get pardoned, and you'll be sent to ould Ireland agen as free as the babe just born.' ' Then I am the boy that will lend you a hand.' Mansfield handed Phelim a trooper's pistol, and desired him.\ to conceal it ; and setting friskly forward, consulted how they should best accom- plish their enterprise. A good deal of rain had fallen, and it was nearly dark when they reached the place of rendezvous. Phelim, with the aid of his tinder-box pro- ceeded to kindle a fire, and Mike, with flour which he had provided for the pur pose, daubed his own and his man's clothes, to make it appear they had been carrying a load. When the fire began to burn they cast themselves on the ground, pretending to h\be quite exhausted anxiously waiting the arrival of the bushrangers. In about half-an-hour they made their appearance, both well armed. Mike spun a long yarn about losing his way, being overcome with fatigue, and obliged to leave the prog about four miles off; in the hollow of a burned tree, declar- ing he was unable to retrace his steps that night, but if the bushrangers would give him rest and food he would go with them early in the morning and bring them all he had promised ; as he concluded he pro- duced a bottle of spirits, of which they all partook, and agreed to adjourn to the bushrangers hut, about two miles off. The hut was constructed of turf, low and uncomfortable in the extreme, covered with sheets of bark stripped from the large forest trees. The fire- place, also of turf, lined with stones at the bottom, was at one end of the hunt, and within it a huge fire soon blazed. Some excellent beef was broiled, which Mike strongly suspected to be part of his own kine. They had neither bread or potatoes to eat with their meat, but the two bush- rangers, long accustomed to such fare, made a hearty meal ; the others swallowed a few morsels, and after finishing the bottle of spirits, they all laid down on kangaroo skins spread on the floor ; first Lemon, then Mansfield, then the other bushranger, and then Phelim. Mike and Phelim snored away, but slept none. In the morning Mansfield began to toss and tumble about, to try if Lemon would easily wake, but finding that both the bushrangers slept soundly, he cautiously withdrew the pistols from Lemon's belt, rose warily, gave one pistol to Phelim (who was still on the floor) and concealed the other. He then went to a corner where the muskets stood, took all but his own, and put them in a pool of water before the hut : returning to the cabin, he examined the flint and priming his own ?????????????, he gave the bushranger a push with his foot, calling out at the same time, ' Lemon, you are my prisoner.' Lemon felt on one side and then on the other for his pistols; finding them gone, he started to his feet, and drawing a long knife, was about to make a lunge, when Mansfield pulled the trigger. The ball went through the robber's head, and he fell a lifeless corpse. The report of Mansfield's musket awoke the other outlaw, who seeing his com- panions corpse, dropped on his knees and implored mercy. Mansfield only said, 'Now, my tight fellow, be after taking that there knife, cut your master's head off, put it into that bag (pointing to it), throw it over your shoulder, and trudge along with us." The man shuddered at the command; and it required threats, and promises of intercession with the Gover- nor, to prevail on him to do the deed. ' By Saint Patrick !' ejaculated Phelim, ' it a clane job, anyhow, barrin' the bloody head.' Not a minniit ago it was the shy of a copper whose throats were cut. Be off on yer ten toes, ye thaef of the ivorld, arid bless the saints ye don't carry yer own ugly mug in the bag with yer master's. They had sixty six miles to walk, and it was night when they reached Hobart Town. Mansfield, however, went directly to Government House, and was most graciously received. The news spread quickly, but all considered Mike and Phelim deserved public rewards. The Governor accordingly gave each a free pardon, and to Mike a grant of land on the Derwent, and to Phelim a free passage to 'ould Ireland.' The prisoner's life was spared, but he was banished to a penal settlement." (TO BE CONTINUED ) 