OllAPTEl XXVII, NIIIIIIT 01t sOLD[IEl. At tdifferent times during the afternoon they saw through their air.hole anr armed guisrd pass on the uipper side of the qiarry5 shoswing tihat ill the cnrlronsa of the fortress were beillg sLiortlcsl. This was an evihlelle thalt a secret passage wans osuspected, otherwiase there would larve been no ssosse ili plcing guanls in suchi out. of-the way pilaces,. Sivralsris tismes durlisg the few hours before dIlIk WVat hadl riun back s tlo the en of the saoosgo ti 1mmln If ally attelsilt wna yet the runosn. If nsy alttcnst seas bieing nmadle It was wher reot eouhi nst hear itl for it was not suntil Idarkneiss sissd flirly comeI that Ihe lerlsl s the uimitakable ssoutll of a stick in t1lla I'o(llll, si1 seven. T'le mIomIssi' t tihell sIIIItc reacheild his Car iei ran hootk nooi '.xc?olaimd t " Wse so?tn tohke elr clhlnellces liow sna gl, fIir toyorcottthed dior o'o ,o si rnies.' "it 1 ready. Aoi hsvs so fears for ly couIraI 5 I l st only is welk little woel1llnl bitt sass hise arsve." I li dl is stls d sibt it." Iss ii'r ]1O lHat Stout! t tOreceonnoller, llisuihing the fhsesi sif thC quls rry on thl hih I wher i he lust osn the tissesd Il t o 1te'n, Hll wltllld for Idx to cn arolun 1l, cThi nl iie s I 'sll s ll it 11 is r stila 1 s1 sm thoisi ili ,d lis thlikhsii sno douhI, of soverythsig lse hut lths aIsin linstlking ilssog thie IlgI ofs ,hs ssushhslhn ertyt, Wat'thet. 'r 5t 0 '5l5,5555 5~llll IvissI.l r ituId lIosle i 'FI '5 nl| Wail i ll.o+ ii ' shsllssself s 1151 i st li1t1 lshiti rn. 1s slsid i y3'hi5 g lisllst ii sl i ig llllt i W en wontlll hlough tilt phltll. 'I all III Y·l was1 unt 11( III1vo ynranof 'l'hr n l l.s h Il 5 t llI'Is l's Issit 'IIV li1 ?isiss IIs' 111i s issI sistis shite[ i ii t li l If h ,i saw it lL s Ihu luslit ss sslts li i [ sll Isn( is, II11 hUa p 'd \'sl. ,\mi unw, l.ke t Iiger-tCat, the thehective h spid oisi h i s 11i s hIIro 'lght' ist, h ?I its'11 tol is 11111~1 1 (1) l'tlh I (II 11(11 ).1·111 I(I JjI IIInI d iss1 Wll511 . l it iiosiilnd II wis II is? i sl llli the1 sisisiss lroy, wasi t 15 llll55 I0 losk., iti ilet hhii s i l' er iss w listsllsiIrt tos d the silsciI w l it' ' 5Ve'llln hr hy lisi iL thle htIsIr Iibius of I thei tus ssish t ( shii s s11 lt IsI Isi is iinl esi' .hii?i1i IIsh e s iw I nsillor as ItR' isllissg llsr. Fur LI was hia ltlolttion to plry suldier (or t whIlm, lie robbed thi man of his coat, ltt, and rifle, and, returning to Vern, started out with her. SHe led tlhe way, while sho followed close behind him. Iles present plan was to get as far away from the fort cos e s possible. IH knew that every avenue of escape out of the city would be well gunrded, but near the fortress all the exits would be particu-. larly well cared for. They proceeded in this way for sotme dis. tance,and Wat had begun to think that he would reach the thickly settled patort of the city without detection, when he suddenly found himself confronted by a sentinel, who demanded : " Who goes there I" Wat's only answer was a blow with tihe huttof his ritle, which laid the soldier at full length upon the ground. It was the only thing to do, but n dan. gerous thing, nevertheless, for here the streets had an toccnsional passer, and one of them might take it into its head to inquire into the cause of tihe fracas. Withollut waiting for such a thing, Iow. ever, Wat hurried on, with Vera holding by his rnm. Presently they could hear a shot from a rifle, and they knew that somebody htul fponnd the sa:ltier in tile street. r Taking V'ra nloder his arm, Wat almost ran until he sa,,aitme: people aiead of him,. 'when hi chan iit,.Lo a yalk, th..ugh hfit'et thi locnl witcet?;'? ttn they knew tha t in a t r.soments the it ?t would Ihe alive with sobbiers. Andi worst' et,tno rille of some guard was now lired .lll tmes in rapid succession, con veying too evi tently sine sort of Intelli. gence to every soldier within hiearing of the sound. The outlook wats a desplerate one, butl it wasnot unexpected by of the fugitives. " If it coll a to the worst," said Vera, as they hurried along, "do you save your self. There is no need for both of us being caught." It liehas not comne to the worst yet. I never see the end till I reacl It. As for leaving you, that Is out of the question. While 1 live I remain with you, for capture now means a horrible death." " i shall not be captured. I have your dagger, Wlhat n lihat " "Three soldiers. Let them look to their lives now. I have avoided killing, bhut if it be a choice of their lives or mine, I will try to make it theirs." "Who goes tierme" cried one of the soldiers at sight of the couple. "Only a comrade on a spree. Let me pass or I'll he in a scrape." t They were In the Ilghted streets now, and people were plenty in the windows and doors, but none in the street, At the first sound of the alarm they had all been ordered indoors. "Let nus see this comrade," said one of the men, advancing close to Wat. " Alt of you look at me. One of you may know me.' lie advanced quickly toward them all, for he did not want them to separate or to have him at other than close quarters. They peered suspiciously at him as he came up to them, but he gave them no time to act. As soon as lie was near enough lie Bud. denly raised his rifle, and with a forward thrust crushed the man's nose and stunned him. Then, before any of the others could do anything, he swung his gun about and let it fall with stunning effect on the head of the nearest. As quickly as this was done, however, the third soldier -had timeo t recover' hbins wits. He raised his gun and, taking quick aim, fired at Wat. Tie ball passed through Wat's clothing and cirried away a piece of flesh. IIe felt the smart, and not knowing Ilow badly lie was hurt, sprang at the man, who tihad retreatel a step, and felled him with a crushing blow, By this time other soldiers had been at. tracted by the noise, and their steps could be heard rapidly apiroaching. The end of thed r fllgr t seemed close at hand, and the brave little countess, true to her determination, had drawn har dagger, to die rather than be captured for the cruel fate reserved for her, when Wat. with a last desperate attempt, dashed into one of the houses, through the men standing there, dragging Vera after him. As soon as he was in the hall he turned and caught the countess in his arms, and fled up the stairs. Ile heard a step behind him, and when he reached the first landing, turned quickly to strike tihe man down. " Hold I" whispered the man. " What's your crime?" SNothing. \VWe are escaping from prison." SWihat charge?" "Nihilism." " Aro you guilty 1" "No, but we will be if ever we get our freedom. Curses on such a government." " You are not a soldier?" " No; I stole the coat and hat when I es. oaped," 6" Will you rlsh your life on the truth of what you say I" ti will." "And tile woman's ?" "I speak for myself," sald Vera, boldly. I "Idonot know who you are nor what you can do for us, but [ swear to you that I will hlencefolth do t ny utmost against the in. famous government that, without a bit of s proof and without a ghost of a trial, would condletn Ine to the knout to gratify the nltalice of a file womlann." "You are Vera iadlolinskl ?" '" I am." Sf"I will detaitt olt no longer," alji the manll, with an elul coldls. e a meko a fatal mo be. Ydu eaOOse, iis. . io si, and l I will enl tin to you (Gliat will snre your society anlnihilatllon," " Who are youil '' '"I Uii the ilian whoi informed the lhief of Pollice that Itle Cl.ar was to be killed." "A traitor " " No I as much of n patriot as you. There I littyou tear I The gtuard is at tine door. i!I you iit arve is atill your country, or will you let its be taken ?" "UCorni I If yout have deceived str, ytour life will he worth less ihan it Is at this tn. ienit." 