TABLSAU I. All day Inng I hlid had a dull foreboding of some impending evil. Alone in the cottage, in the quiet, country lane where I dwelt, far from the roar and riot of the mighty alty. I had passed the evening. wrapped in an old military cloak, which I wore summer and winter, and a deep reverie which never left me. I had been thinking of the piat. The past ! Oh, the ghosts that rose fromu the great churchyard of my long ago I Ghostl young and old. ghosts of men and Chovtn of women, and high over them all towered the ghost I dreaded more than all-the ghost of myself. The clock struck twelve. With a mighty effort I rose from my chair, and, waving back, with an imperiou gnsture, tihe spectres of the past, I went to the larder, brought out the bread and cheese and a dish of spring onions, and sat down to my solitary meal. At that moment my attention wan arrested by the sound of a footstep on the gravel path. It was the footstop of a man. I rose, opened the door, and, holding the ancdlo high above mnu to shield it from the wind, I exclnimed. "Q' i et la!" It was an old watchword of mine, familiar on my lipt in happiier days amid Crimean snows and the rocky paeeao of far.off Afghan. istan. The words came hack that night like the long forgotten ech of a clilish dram'in I know not why I said them. The pant had haunted me. I was living, speaking in the past. " Qul r'a la f " Avain I o'llenged the footitep; and waited forr thefoototep to reply. : At that moment a heavy grt of wind swint: np the valley, and, ere onmll cave'it, the ligh't I held above niawas extingmilahed. " Qui vait li I". :The storm by thin time had gathered filtrr there was a loud clap or thunndr, f Illown.I Irh a vivid flash of lig'trip " In l-tI. udd.,n and natural illumination .I toll see the surrounding couintry diuttine lv At my gate .drenched to thie skin..w to a hora. \- At my door, within arm?s lengil of mrne, a policeman, with'.a sword by his 'ideo, and spurs on his liols " He had not replied to my ohallonge.= Whvo Because he lay there at my feet insensible incaphole of epan?.h. I. had ewnonnr.. \-- Gently Ilifted him frem thI .r ttnd ati:' aGrried him indoors. 'Irn lnrid lclare of eth, crying ntnbers fell full upon hlis "ace' aq' form. I startel in astonishmnnt I The man was the living i'nons of myself We could have ipaned for twin hbrother. As I gazed at him with sta i-=g crne for a moment, I fancied that I had ohddelnly rissn from a dreamu, and was looking at myself in a clase. But I hadn't a hlelnet on and n uniform, and a sword. It was no halluiena. tion. I pinched the buttons on his uniform: they were real. Presently the man nplne.l his eyes and gazed wildly around; then be openel his lipj and groaned. I lososned his collar and removed his helmet. Instantly I discovered the cline to the mystery. lie had fallen from his lorse in n sulddlen attack of verli .n, and had injured his heal. Il, had crawled to my cottage for asai?lanee. I felt his pulse, and looked at his tongue, andI I knew at onet that lihe was about to b+ delirious. There were all the symptoms ot brain fever. My bedroom was next to the sitting rom : with little difficulty I carried him thither, unlressed him careftully, and putt him in my bed. I-st and quiet wat all that he needed to assist his recovery. While I was musing as to my future con duct in the maiter I heard a neigh. It was the horse. At the same instant my eyes fell upon the helmet and uniform. A .- .den idea seized upon me. I gl.nced at the sleeping form in my bed It was I. Instantly I slipped off my own clothes and placed them in the chair by the bed. Then I put on the uniform and helmet. Again I looked in the glass. I was he I We were both each other. No one could tell us ntart. It was a chance. Should I take it? Yen I I wanted to begin the world anew. I wanted to cease to be myself, and be some one else. In ceasing to be myself, I should loose the sorrows that were mine. Yes, I woull be someone else. I put on the helmet ; I buckled on the sword ; I put a jug of barley-water and a purse of gold by the bedside of the delirious man. and then I went down the garden path and leaped upon the horse. Tie change was complete. The delirious man in my bed was the lion. Tom. Montressor, and I was No. 307 of the Z Reserve, a mounted patrol Il I had resolved. I dug my spurs into my horse, and galloped forward into the night. I had commenced a now life I 