Tnose who have taken note of the course followed by the IIorald will agree that it has never been charge able with leanings towards social or political retrogression. On the con trary its liblralism has often beeoon too advanced-- baoa looked too far ahend for the tasteo of average renders; for its conductors have held that the press should tench and load, rather than be in tutelage and follow. Perhaps therefore the paper has not been without snomo mall share in hastening the onward march of those advauced ideas now generally entertained. Since the IIorald was established such reforms as the fol lowing, amongst others, have been effoeted, and the Herald has beeoon amongst the forelnost-han sometimes stood almost alone--in their advocacy. The lauds of the country, previously looked up from the people, have been thrown open to settlement on terms more or less liberal; manhood suf frago and vote by ballot have been introduced ; religious liberty, impor foot no long ies any in the community were taxed to pay for the teaching of creeds in which they did not believe, has beeoon fully establishled ; municipal government liha been introduced; a ytenom of sechoolig has boon elabo rated, the advantages of wlhieh are extended to all; the expenditure of part of the earnings of the working classes in importing labour to com poet with their own-itn other words immigration it the cost of the state \--has been stopped; the introduction of thie Ohineee has boon virtually pro. hibited; a network of railways has overstpread the lanud; and the pro vinces have received their fair share, or nearly so, of the advantages of nettled governmeint and of the ox ponditure of public moneys. Despite the restrictionist, or no against our neighbours retaliatory, reaction now going on, another of those reforms once called wild which have boon consistently advocated by the Herald is steadily gaining the oar of the public--itamely, the institution of dire:t taxation including a land tax, nud the creation of free ports. This will yet be realisod, not only in Now South Waleo but all the world over. Justl as men have cast aside the old puerile superstitione about ghosts and ghouls and vampires, witches, charms, love-philtres, and kindred absurdities, co will they east aside social, legal, fiscal, and profes. sional bogies; and at last the race will become civilised, not-in name only, but in very fact. With the many strange and tyrannical customs and enactments in force in every country, depriving as they do, oven in our own favoured land, one-half the population \--women-of their rights and liberties -with expensive and protracted law proceedings tantamount to a general denial of justice-with cumbrous and inefficient methods of administration and false systems of taxation--with the despotism of rulers still maintained in many countries--with standing armies supported in idleness by taxes wrung from the workers of the saveral com munities and banded together for the wholesale destruction of human life with those dreadful monstrosities and atrooitioe still in force, who will say that society is oivilisod ? True, it is struggling onward towards tihe light, and has made much progress; but it in yet far indeeood from the noonday blaze of freedom, peace, intelligence, justice, and human brotherhood. It in not out of place thus to call attention to the earnest liberalism which has over distinguished the Herald, because we may by the thoughtless be considered as loss ad vanood than they when we now again advocate-.an we have advocated for many years-the oxpadienoo of con. coding willingly to our upper house the right, within certain limits, of dealing with money bills. We con tond for this, not beoauso we tre loss, but becauose we are more, truly liberal than those who say that the Assembly should possess a monopoly of power. So far as we rooollect, no one has ever contended that the Council should have power to impose now tuxes, new burdens on the people. But what we contend is, not that that body shouild have the power to increase the burdens of the people beyond what their elected representatives approve, but that they shall have their right acknowledged to diminish those burdens, to not for the people if necessary against thought. leooness and extravagance on the part of our sometimos not over-cautious representatives; that they slhould in fact in matters naffoting our pookots have at least some of the poweors they possoss in matters affcting our liberties and our lives. In particular we contend that the introduction and passing of various useful measures of legislation in the Connoil should not be, as it now is, in practice if not in law, limited through the fact that to carry out such measures more inci dental oexpensos--a salary or two or i few feeson from those benefited-will be rcquirod. That there should be no taxation without representation has become one of our fundanmental oonstitutional axioms.R It does not however follow thatt there shall be no releonse front the txations proponsed by the repro. sontativo body. If this buody reel lesIly or mistlcroenly desire to impose enormous and oppressive burdens on theo people, there can be no good reason why the other branches of the legislature should not step in-the upper chamber to reject the bill or even thoe overeign to veto it. We should strongly depreento col lisions between tie two chambers here; but at tines these have eaemed imminent. llitherto they have been avoided, but. ,ometimes not without difficulty and at others by the shelving of menaures which thus failed to be dealt with on their nmerits. The fear of collision however greatly hin ders useful legielation. Almoet all lending moasures are initiated in the Assembly; and until olnme of theos have passed that body, the Council has little or no important work to do; and often when the enssion nears its cloeo too much work is cent up and hats to be done hurriedly and without duo deliberation. All thin might be avoided by conceding to the Council the right to initiata bills dealing only indirectly with the outlay of the public funds. Although reforms are often effected only through the proenuro of absolute necessity or by means little short of violence, yet obviously the beoat time to consider and to effect them would be when mn's reanson and judgment are not obsoured nor their paessions in flamed by the heat of actual conflict. Juset now there is no measuro before parliament over which any quarrel in like to arise. The present time there fore would be most suitable for hold ing a confrenouce between the two houses for the purpone of arriving at an understanding asn to how far the Council should deal with money bills, and what measures ehould be doomed to be ouch bills, The right of the Council to absolutely reject a taxing bill is on all sides acknowledged; but the right to alter or modify is denied. We are told that tieo greater includeos the less; but hero thin principlo is ignored. Now very little reflection will show that to negative a taxing bill may be produc tive of much inconvenience, peorlps actual mischief, while to amoand it may do muooh good; and obviously to altogether rojeot a proposition is a greater infrinngement of the supposed rights of the Assembly than to alter it, probably wisely and to an extent altogether unimportant. Thus there is ia wofal want alike of logic and of sonle on the part of those who admit tile right of tihe upper house to roject money bills and yet boggle at allowing them to improve them. According to this theory the Council may rejeot a now tax in its entirety, though they admit half the money to be nocoe anry ; but they cannot reduloce the tax to oneo- half, which is all that is required. To those who argue thus it may be said, " Yo strain at a gnat and swallow Ia camel." Tmi reverence with which English men regard their House of Lords is not altogether duo to the high qualities that distinguish its mom bors, nor to the titles that they boar, though doubtless thseo have their effeoot; but the national veneration in in groeat measure owing to the remnom branoo that to the Honoe of Lords, as much almost as to the House of Com mons, Englishmon owe their liberties. But for the firm and patriotic courso pursued by the Lords in the days oucceeding the Restoration and thence to those of Queen Anne, the (om mona would havo utterly subverted the liberties their fathers died to achieve and would have enslaved the nation, The stand so often hiado by the Lords against the tyranny of King and the corruption of Commons so cured British liberty as now enjoyed, and to it is chiefly duoe the veneration with which the House is regarded by the nation. It is only as the battles, the trials and troubles, of the past are lost sight of by men ignorant or re gardloss of the national history that the fooling of veneration dies out and a desire for a single legislative oham bar arises. 