An; Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXVI. "WILFRID s DELUSION. IT was pleasant to learn next morning that the breeze which had been slipping us nimbly through it since we had tr`nmed sail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving us an average of some seven knots an hour, but had gathered a little in 'crease of weight at sunrise, so that I swoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoil ing seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pour ing full' upon the starboard bow and we were buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had pdno trated these "doldrums," as they are called, I was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not only that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stern as it had been for weeks; the object of this trip, such as it was, hadbeen achieved; there was nothing more to keep a look-out for.; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of the tragedy; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and mademy way to the sparkling breakfast table. I seated myself on a couch wait ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I called the head one to me and said, "Is there any chance of Lady Mon son joining us at table, do you know ? " "Ithink not, sir," he answered. " Who attends to her-I mean as re gards her meals ?" "Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyships's orders are that a seperate tray should be pre pared for her for breakfast, hmnch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago." "So I may presume," said I, " that she finds herself pretty well this morning? And.my cousin, steward ? " "I was tp tell you, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "How is he 7" "He didn't complain, sir; just said "I'll breakfast in my cabin this morn ing I" "All right," said I, and the man retired. breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hear thathe did not complain ; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering; owned 'reely to.whatever troubled him, however ;rifling, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came from her berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events I took to express a troubled or sleepless night. Her eyelids were a little heavy; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Yet no woman, I thought, could ever show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing the atmos phere with a flower-like fragrance that i had nothing whatever to do with the scent bottle. I told her thalt Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. "He is well, I hope ?" "Oh, I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. I'll look in upon him after breakfast. Have you ieen Lady Monson this morn ing ?" "No," she answered, " Isent my maid with a message and the reply was that Lady Monson wishes to be alone." "Now, Miss Jennings," said I gently but with some emphasis, "you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. You have done your duty; she is on board this yacht; I shall grow fretful if I think you intend to waste a single breath of the sweetness of your heart upon the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert nature. I dare say you have scarcely closed your eyes all night through think ing about her." "About her and other things." "Why tense yourself? A sister is a sister only so long as she chooses to act and feel as one. It is indeed a tender word-a sweet relationship. But if a woman coolly cuts all family ties-" She shook her head, smiling. "Your views are too hard, Mr. Monson. You would argue of a sister as you would of a wife. We must bear with the shame, the degradation, the wickedness of those we have loved, of those we still love spite of bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneel-down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de pended upon our own actions. All of us would feel cut off." Not all, I thought, looking at her, but sat silent awhile, feeling rebuked. I was a young man then; I can turn back now, scarred as I am by many years of life's warfare, and see that I was hard, too hard in those thoughtlhas days of mine; that knowing little or niotling of suffering myself, I knew little or nothing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human symnpathy. You find many corridors in hunman nature when you enter, but sympathy is the only way in; and to miss that door is merely to go on walking round the edifice. I ate for a little in silence, nd then said, "I suppose, as you have seen almnost nothing of your sister, you are unable to form an opinion of her state of Smir.nd?" "She is naturally of a cold nature," she answered; "dispositions such as hers, I think, do not greatly vary, let wlh.at will happen to them. Though one knows not what passion, feeling, emotion may have its fangs buried in such hearts, yet suffering has to pass through too many wraps to find expr~ion." 1 smiled. "Yes," sad -I, "I know what you mean. She is like aperson who ten bmied in half-a-dozen coffins; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." "But why did you ask that question, Mr. Monson ?" " Well." said I, "you know that we buried the colonel last night ?" She started. "I did not know I" she exclaimed. "Yes," I continued. " We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. " Was Henrietta really present? " she exclaimed. " How could she have known-what could the men have thought of her? What madness of bad taste I " "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, "and when you come to the little finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying this ?" But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, "How could she be present? How could she be present?" "Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; " when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of. supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what was in my mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard I " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. "I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. "Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I men tioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moon light." "WVomen who behave as my sister has, MIr. Monson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, " are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." "Now if I had said that-" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks fading out of them, " I will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up and dressed, sitting in an easy- chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. I1e held the vohnme close to his face ; his legs were crossed, his feet inslippers, his right hand grasped his big meerschaum pipe, which was filled with yellow tobacco not yet lighted. The cabin window was open, and the draperies of the handsome little apart moent stirred to the pouring of the rich, linot, ocean breeze through the orifice. "You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said I. "Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull hero though ?" "Not atall," said lie, putting down the book and lighting his pipe. " Sit and smoke with sme." " Why not on deck ? " I answered, sit ting nevertheless. "A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmos plhere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoko which went up from his bowl. I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale; there was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of anxiety in his eyes that was new to me ; a look of sane concern as though some difficulty novel and sur prising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the table near which lihe was seated and easily guessed by what remained that lie had made a good meal. His manner was quiet, even subdued ; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of the odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes. Tie was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. "Has Finn removed the five-guinea piece from the mainmast?" said he. "I don't know, Wilf." "I must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on our arrival. I shall be glad to get home." " And so shall I, upon my word." "The ceaseless motion of tihe sea," he continued, talking quietly and with a moro sensible look in his face than I hIad witnessed in him since the hlour of our start, "grows so distractingly monotonous after a time, that I can readily believe it affects weak heads. This trip has about exhausted my love of seafaring. I shall sell the Bride. Inodded. "How long should the run home occupy us ?" he asked. " Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I answered. He smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then said, "Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprison ment." I imagined he referred to his wife, and that he was feeling his way in this round about fashion to talk about her. "There is no necessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," saidI. "Your yncht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whoso stares and whispers might indeed prove cembir rassing. So far as I am concerned I am quite willing to promise very honestly niever even to look. Miss Jennings is all tenderness and sweetness and sympathy ; there could be nothing to foundl a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors,"I continued, nioticing without comprehending an air of bewilderment thit was growing upon his face as 1 talked, "' Jack meets with so many astonishments in his vocation that surprise and curiosity are almost lost arts with himn. The crew will take one long thirsty stare ; thcen turn their quids and give what passes aft no further heod whatever." "I don't follow you," lie exclaimed, posing his pipe, with his eyes intently tixed onn'me; "what are you talking about ?" " You were speanhing of the tediousness of a five weeks' imn'risonmenp " "Quite right," said he, "and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." "But, my dear Wilfrid, I was enden vouring to point out that the imprison ment to which you refer is unnecessary; in fact, after last night--" But here I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been presentat Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. " What I mean is," I continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a more question of son sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser vation, why not imitate the great Mokanna: "O'er his features hung The Veil, the Silver Veil which he had flung In mercy there to hide from human eight ia dazzling brow till mon could bear its light." In our case we have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils ; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be-" He was now gaping at me, and criedl out, "Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled ?" "You I " I exclaimed ; "certainly not. I am not talking of you." " But I am talking of myself, though," lie cried. I looked at him with amazement. "You do not mean to say that you intend to im prison yourself in this cabin till we get homoe ? He shook his head. "I don't imprison myself," he answered, "I am imprisoned." " By whom, pray ?" " Can't you see 7" I ran my eyes round the cabin. "No, no ! " he shottdd, "look at me. Don't you perceive that. can't get out ? How am I to pass through that door 2" "How are you to pass through that door ? " I exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How else 7 " "Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, witlh a melancholy shake of the head. "But why not, Wilfrid 7 " I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. " Because," lie answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, "I ain too big." I perceived now what had come to him, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to the very heart, that for some moments I was uhablo to speak. How "ever, with a violent effort I pulled myself together, and lighting mny cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the more sake of obtaining what concealment I could get oeit of my gestures and my pufling of the tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid; but never so big-and not note so big-as not to be able to pass through that door. See ! let me go first; put your two hands just above my hips and you'll follow me through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." I rose, but hlie waved me off with an al most frantic gesture. "My God, man ! " he shouted, "what is the use of talking ? I could no more get through that door than I couldi pass through that porthole." "But don't you think we might manage to haul you through " said I. " You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. " Sit down, my dear fellow,"ho continued, speaking with an almost cheerful note in his voice, "it isa very grave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is com modious, and with you and Laura to come anld keep me company, and with the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," headded, liftinghis finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pug on, " oven if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, "' I should never be able to get through the companion hatch." "WVell," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear tIre idea of a squeeze, there is always your. carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." "Ay, that would be all very well," said he, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order the carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us " I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reason ing with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watchedr him attentively to remark if lihe moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of excessive growth in his body and limbs: for I remembered the case of a man I once heard of, who, believing him self to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an im monsely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping his stomach as though it stood out ai considerable dis tance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that lie had grown too big to quit hliscabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking with him for a long half-hour. Hoe askel no questions about his wife, nor as to tihe disposal of the colonel's body, nor re verted to thile extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the pro ceding day. Yet hle conversed with perfect rationality; hiis manners were bland, with something of dignity in tlhem ; it seemed indeed as if the poor follow's craziness had localised itself in this nowev and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, leaving his mind in all other directions clear and serenoe; yet mad as was tihe notion that hadnow seized him, I' could nlot but secretly feel that there was llore madness yet in his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed tihe light of memory in him had been extinguishled and he was conscious of nothing but what was actually passing before his eyes. I held miy peace on this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at any lhour I might find hin on deck nud his delusion gone. At dinner, however, tlhat day Miss Laura noticed his absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that there was somnethling wrong with him. She questioned me and I told lher the truth. Her ,Jcs filled with sadness. " He grows worse," she said. "I fear he will never recover." ' This mnarriago," I answered, "on top of what was congenital in himn, l;as proved too much. Ilhave you seen your sister to-day ?" "No." "Does sle inteid to kcoep her cabin until wesreach England 1" "I cannot say. She declines to see me." "'et she has turned you out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side ; and both doors within kick of a foot from either threshold. It is a picture to encourage an ingenious mind fired with matrimonial resolutions I" " Men are fools to get married I" she exclaimed piquantly. " And women ? "said I. " Oh, it is the business of women to make toan fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archness or sarcasm. "I don't think," said I, "that women mnke foobl of lioni but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all the gods : if I had married a woman like your sister and she had served me as she has served her husband, I should wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Olh,,how delightful I Why you hear of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so on, until they end as penmliless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth l But how is Wilfrid served ? Sohse wiltl-eyed imagination slips illto his bainal, turns all the paintings to the wall, iied with nimble hands faill to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestry lhangiings wvllichl tji~gago his. niind to the forgottiing of all thiligs else." " But, Mr. Monson," cried she, " surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he has increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door." "I.'t us pay him a visit," said I. She at once rose. We had finished dinneor some time. I had been chatting witli lher over such slender dessert as a yacht's stores in those days supplied-figs, nuts, r'aisihs, biscuit', and the like. The weste.ring stil coloui.sd the cabin with a ruby atmosphero amid iwhich the wines on the t.cble glowed in rich contrast with the snow-white dcamask und tlhe icy sparllo of crystal, whilst red stars treombletl in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre flaking, as it seemed, upon the eye out of the mirrors. The luamming wind gushed pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set the leaves of thle plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were hoaped to gether, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beanutiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and undeP this reddening equi noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by lher own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkoy to her I But Miss .Tennings was making herf way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there wits no leisure now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinner my cousin had been served with were still upon his table, and I gathered that he had done exceedingly well. This did not look as though lhe suspected that dieting had anything to do witl his Oudddio astonishing groqth. 13b had lniptied one pint bottle of champagne, and another about it quarter full stood at his elbow with a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm-chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted. "I-Iow d'ye do, Laura, mny dear? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people like you." I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion t:o the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the furniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi ness coated lhis eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne ; the interior was hot, and Mliss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, as if he feared she would see something in him to divert her. "Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, "as if you could get on deck ?" " Oh, certainly not," he answered warmly, "I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Lihria with a shrug of his-shoulders as though he pitied me. "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurting yourself at all." "Quite easily I Yes, in pieces ! " lh cried scornfully. " But it is not that you are both blind. Your wish is to hunour me. Please do nothing of the sort. What I can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp hlis breast with both hands. " Look at these," he continued, slapping first an arm, then a leg. " It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. HadI increased correspondingly inheight, I should not have been able to stand up right in this cabin," and lie directed a glance at the upper deck or coiling, whilst a shiver ran thlroughl him. I thoughlt now I would sound hIis mind in fresh directions, for thlough whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely lie would quit hIis cabin, yet if his intellect had fifled in other wvays to the extent I found ill this particular lallueination hlie would certainly lhave to be wnatched, not for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as you may supplose, hIis craziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation whlen one thouglht of whlere one was-hin the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us oni board, a little ship tlat was as easily to be msad a bon fire of as an empty tar barreol, with gun powder enoughl stowed somewhere away down forward to complete in a jiffy lthe workthalt the flames might be dallying with. " You do not inquiro after Lady Mon son, Wilfrid," said I. Miss J cennin-s started and stared at me. " Why shoultld I ? " hlie answered coldly and deliberately, producing hIis little tinder box, at whlichl lie began to chip. " I'll venture to say sle doesn't inquire after me." I was astonislhed by the rationality of this answer and theo air of intelligenoce that accomlpanied its delivery. " No, 1 fear not," said 1, much em barrassed. "As she only came on board yesterday-" " Well ?" lie exclaimed, finding tlhat I paused. " Oh," said I withl a bit of a stammer, " It just occurred to me you moighlt hIave forgotten that she was now onel of us, Journeyismg home." " Tut, tut I" said he, waving hlis hand at me .but without turning~ hIis head. "Laura, youi are looking after her, my dear:? " -. ' My maid sees that she has all shi requires," answered the girl. " She de clines to have anything to say to me-to meet me-to hear of me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, "Can she hear us, do you think ?" "No," I exclaimed, "not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." He smoked leisurely whilstb li kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on Miss Laura. "My cousin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent, " has on more than one occasion said to me, ' Suppose you recover your wife what are you going to do with her ?' I have recovered her and now I will toll you my intentions. Laura, you know I adored her," She in clined her head. " What term would you apply to a womani," he proceeded, " who shouild abandonr a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon ? who should desert the se'eetest little infant "-I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes-" that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence-who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour; who should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless? ". Iis forefinger shot up with a jerk and his eyes glcuisd under the trembling of the lids: "What in the term you would apply to such a wbman ? " he continubd, now scowling and with an imperious uibto in his voice. 1 guessed the word thfit ias in his mind anid cried,. "Why, mad of Ctofisi. ' M" Mad., " he thundered i~iblently, slap. pihg his ieil,; and tr?:aleing into n short, semi-delirious lau'gi. Hi. l iiqd forward As thoughI hle would take M iii Lmura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouthhewhispered, "She is mad. We none 'of us knew it, Laura. My first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind I " IHe hold his finger to his lips, intl ili that posture slowly leaned back ii lil llbhhit again With is fice painful with its sunioe of cudiniiig hiiidl fitinsph. I sa thliat the girl was gotting 'iii'ed; so without ailb I dropp?d ocut of the bunk on to my feet. "Ani excellent schlme, Wilfrid," said I, " in fact the onily thing to be done. But nmy dear fellow, d'yo know the atmosphere hero is just roasting. • I'll take Miss Jen nings on deck for a turn,' and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn for half-an-hour before turning in." ".AI right," he exclaimed. " Laura looks as if she wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will you, as you pass through the cabin ? But mind, both of you-hush I Not a word, you understandl ?' ' " Trust us,", s:d-1, and sick iat heart I took Miss Liura's hand and led her out of the cabin. As I closed the door she' reeled aild would have fallen but fot the arid I paseittl fobind lier. c doiducted lher to a couch and procufed i gliiss of water. The atmosphere hero, was com-, liaratively cool with the evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. "It in terrible I" she exclaimed, pres sintg h11i fiiigurts to her eyes and slhaking her head. " I sliduld ftll cxazy lilys.ilf werb I inieth iith hifs. His siidirs, his smiles, lhi.s looks, the biilsth diit of his face, too ! The thought of liis muisery, his injury, the irreparable wrong done him-poor Wilf, poor Wilf I " Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When she was somewhat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on deck. The dusk down to tho horizon was clear, and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of the ocean ruled the firmament. On high sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of tisb dirk velvet ; some of them scoring under thfle trembling constellations a silverwake that lingered long on the eye and resembled a length of moon-colourcd steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet-like grace of the meteoric flights; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one thinlk of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visionary hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing ; the yacht was sailing with crocit iast ii Iith a rhythmic swinging of thd hollows of hier ch.nas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tendor undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastlb appa rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the car. "Alas," said I, " the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. "We wore becalmed a fortnight on the Liso," said Miss Liuri, "oh our passage to England. It seemed a year. Every body grow quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." " Oh, I hate the dead calm at sea I" I cried. "Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennhings, you will be hold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shled meteors in any abundaco a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. But who is that standing aft by the wheel there ?" My question was hIeard and answered. "It's me-Capt'n Finn, sir." "We're in for ai calm, I fear, Finn." '" I fear so, sir," he answered, slowly coming over to us. "Great pity, though. I was calculating upon the little brecze to dlay lasting to draw us out of this Ihere belt. Them sheooeting stars, too, ain't whlolesome. Some says they signihies wind, and so they nmey to the norrards, but not doewn here. Beg pardonl, MIr. Ioulsoll, but how is Sir Wilfrid, sir? Han't seen ]lin on deck all dlay. 1 hlope his hlonour's plretty well ? " "Comes this Vway, Flinn," said I. The three of us stepped to the weather rail, somewhlat forward, clear of the ears of the heelusman. "'Caehtain," said I, "'ely cusin's very had, and I desire to talk to you about him." "Sorry to lhear it, sir," hlie answerod, in a voice of concernc ; " the heant's atrying him, may be." "lie refuses to leave Iris cabin," said I, " and why, think you ? Because hle hans got it into his head that he has grown too broad to pass throsugh the door, or oven to squeezo thlrosthh that hatch there." "Gor bless me I " hle exclahimed, "what a notion to takle on. And vrct it ni't the first ti?h;i I've heard of such whims. I was once shipmate with a' man who believed his nose to be i k-cifS. I've seeon him atrying to cut up tobaccoi aitli It. There's no arguing with people when theo' gets them tempers." " But don't you think, Captain Finn," said iiss Jennings, "that with some trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck ? If he could be induced to piss through hist dour he would find the liatch easy. Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him ard his crazy notionl da' I imn'." " Won't he make the hoffort, mis? 7" inquired Finn. I answered "No. He sayd tihiat it would tear him to pieces to be dirag'gid through." " Ten, sir," exclaimed the skipper with energy, "if he says it you may depend upon it he believes it, sir, and if he believes it then I dorn't doubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his abuiri Would be' the mosti dangerous thing thd£ c'dtdld b6e ttied. It's all the narves, sir. fEhtl's ci t actrangotoent fit to bust a man openi b' ichting updh Itsf imagination. Mr. Monson, sir, 1'l11 l leo what once happened to me. : I. hla' a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone. I'd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my sides over nothen at all.. I took on a notion that I may lay wiolesit hands on myself if the opportunity oflered. It wasn't thait I wanted to hurt myself, but that I was afcifc'd I runtd. I recollect being in my little pau fti~f orCe day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin tile wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' tht twble knives we ate with. The thought p1f It knives gave mne a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to the door I should havleto' els the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the' stat,-u of my narves tihdt the agony of being dragged past that door' wtrlld have been as bad as wrenching me in liaioes, So 1 got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore I had the courage to look into that parlour again." "My fiatheor lknow a richl gentleman in IIelbourne," s0aid Miss Jennings, " who lost hi? mind. Hie believed that hle had been i~lanrged inrto Ic Cat, and all day long lie would sit beside a little crevice in the wainscot of hik dieing-roorn waiting for a mous, tb appeari." "But when it cbm'es to iniaginntions of this kind," skid I; "onoe is fietor to knoiw hat is going to follow. Captain Finn, my couxmsin may moind-1 pray God Ihe will do so end soon-" "Amen," quoth Finn in his de'crest note--" mean while," I continued, "1 rim of opinion that lie should be watched."' "You think so, sir? " lie exclaimed. " Why, nlan, consider where we are. Send your eye into that mightydistance," I cried, pointing to the black junction of sciltillant gloom aind the spread of ocean comling to us tlence in inti. " Think of out londliness here aild the condition that a madnimati's act iiltght reduce us to. That is not all, Lady Monson, this youing lady .aId her maid sleep close to his cabin. Who ehll conjecture the resolution that may poasess a. diseased brain on a sudden i Sir Wilfrid must be awatched, Finn." "I agree with you, sir," he answered thoulltcfully, "but-but who's to have the oi.dc!lyg of ita? "'.Iain't for the likes of iiie, sit- ha plinsed, then added, "lfq'i s'?fisei h6fl 9eo l)'inwi, sirh" "1'll makh m?ysoef' ralofsibile." I of claimeid ; " the tiouble i's to ,.Rive' riin watched with the delicacy that shall dejr the detection of his most suspicious humour should hlie put his h?ad out of hIis berth or quit it-which he is n?o likely to do et. Of course an eye would -lar to be kept upon hitn from without. Nameo me two or throe of your trustiest seamen." "'Why, eit', theore's Outbill, a first-class mant; amid theto's two othelrs, Jonathan Fu'irlohg iid illmn inn Oriidllg, that you may put your fuilllest onfidence in." "Then," said I, "I proipose that these men should take a spell of keeping r. look out turn and turn about. The stowards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the iman who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself that he may command the passage whore Sir Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, accord ing g. yoih?t watch comes round, will see that the fellow below whoever he mnay be, keeps awake. Iray attend to this, Filrt. I am satisfied that it is a necessary mnasure." \- I shall have to t611 old Jacob theo truth, sir, and the men likowise," said he, "and also acquaint the stewaruds with what's' wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." " By all meacns," said I, "I'll stand your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangeienocts. But see that yobu piovide your men with some.ready and quite rtasonicbl6 excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to comen out during th 'slight dad fuind ono of his seamen sitting at the thble." "Ay, ay, sir; that's to be afmidindd with a little thinking," answored Ficifi, and forthwith lie marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. " It is fortunate," I said to Miss Jen nings, " that I am oWifrid's cousin. If I weoro simply a guest on board I question if Finn would dbo what I want." We fell to pacing tico deoh~ Even as we walked the light breezo sviikd~iied yeti till herb and there yout'd catch sight of the gleamtnof a star in solieo short fold of black awgll rtmning witli a burniashd brow. The dewl to the fluttering of. the canvas aloft felol to thle deck with the pat ter-ing sound of raindrops. " Oh," groaied I to Miss Laura, "for a pair of paddle-wheels I " * We stopped to the open skylight to observoe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot. air there risinig with a fiery breath stale with the smell of tliohe dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very hleart sickeoned to tle slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagn~antly and sulkily melting out into black ungleaming oill We seated ouraselves under tle falulning spreadl of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly sliding into a sentimenital mood. MIy conipanion's sweet fac, glicnuoring tUldor and placid to tihe starlight, camine very cllear into courtinm cle into a confession of love. The lhe'lmsnan was hlidden frocc us, we seemed to be floating aloe uipon the mighty shadow that stretched around. A secnso of inexpressible rcemnotness was inspired by the treimbling of tie lucmi naries iand tihe sharp slooting of the silver mntcors as though all the lifo of this vast ihusheiid universe of gloom wore up there, andi we had come to a pnuso upon thle very verge of creation, witlh no other vitality in the misty conlines save what the beating of our tw-o lhearts put snto them. On n sudden she started and said, "Seo I thero is my sicter." Tile figure of Lady eonson toso, pale and veiled, out of the companion hatch. She did not observe us, and approached the part of rhl deck where we were seated, courted hnap?, by the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into the atmosphere about it, I was struck by t'he majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage as she advanced, taking the' planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look to glide wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank with so clear a suggestion of alarm in her manner that I took her hand and held it. Lady blonson drew close-so close without seeing'tt that I believed she was walking in her sleep, but she caught sight of us then and instantly tlhng with an expres sible demeanour of temper and aversion to tfd othel side' of the deck, which sheL paced, goer- afterwards to the rail ind overhanging it, motionless as the quarter boat that hung a little' past her. " She frightens too I " whispered Laura '; " ought I to join her? . Oh,. cruel, cruel, that she should hate me 'so bitterly for her own acts l " . '""Why should you join her? : She does not want you. The heat has driven her ors deck, fard she wishes .to muse and perhaps moralisd over the colonel's grave. Why a'e'you' afraid of her " "D5ctiteue I. am a cowani." Just their Finn came along. He went up to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger against the Jlarlight when he dis covered his mistake. lie peered about and then came over to us, beaething harl and polishing his forehead. "sNigh took the breath out of nmy body, sir'," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper; "actally thought it was your honour, so tall she be. Well, I've arranged every thing, sir, and a lookout '11 be established soon arter the cabin lghlt's turned down." Laura suddenly rose and wished ime good-night. I could see that Lady Mon son's presence rendered her too uneasy to reatriit on deck, so I did not pre~e her to stay, though I remember heartily -wish ing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Liza RRobfisn. She continued to hold her stirless posture at the bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her conitehp tuous and ins'dtent mannuer of turning front us I believeu should have found spirit enough to attempt a conversation with her. It was not until fiur bells that Ahb rose suddenly from her inclined atti tude as though startled by the clear echoing chimes. Past her the sky was dinly' redldening to the imoon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream-like flush, I percefb?tl heo toss up her veil and preis. hor hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the comnpaion and disappeared. Was it remorse work intinsn her, or grief for her fomidered colonel, of some anguish born of the thought of lIcr child ' Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of. the black, vaporous-looking surface that our keel was scarce now wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of alheart.as dark as hers I:' .. '? ,Halfian-hour' later-I qfuitted 'th*d''dýili; and as I passed through the cabin nodded to Outbill, who sat awkwardly and with a highly embarrassed air with his back upon the cabin table, commanding' thel after oabins- a huge salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muscle. CHAPTEIR 'LY 'C 'A DEAD. CALM. .. I WAS up and.about a great deal during tl'es niglht. It w1is not only that tihe heat .ntir'Ft'ed slee?ea there was sdnmethiiig sb ominous in ther p'iofound :stillness which fell upon our little, ship tthat tho mind foriid itself 'Ceighect down a: with a sense of misg,,i'71i, a dull, incommunicable dread of approacllabl~ catamity. Of the dead calm at sea I was by ne moans ignorant; in African and West Itdiant waters .htid tasted of the delights of this specics of stagnation over and over again, 'One caith, I remember, caiise loc'y clost to reai'sidg Coloridge's description, or rather the" description that the pet borrowed froen the narrative of old Sir Richard Hawtiris e?Tserved in the foxed and faded pages of the loev. Samtuel Purchas. The water looke?d £o be ftill of wriggling fiery creatures 'burtifhg itt a multitude of colours till the surfacd of the sea ro sombloed a vast, ghastly pris?e reflecting the lights of some hellish principality, deep sunk in the dark brine. But I never recollect the ocean until this night as with out some fartt heave of swell; yet, after the w'afk drnught of air had utterly died ott, somewhere aboutt midnight, the yacht slept upioi a bosom as stirless as the sur face of a 'stnmer lakeo. There was not the lightest irfoement to awaken an echo in her frame, to niff a trom6r'through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dimrn mest clanking of its .tiller chains. The effect of such a hush as this at sea is m describable. On shore, deep: in the Countfy, far distant from all hum of life, tthe' itiflneis of night is' a desired .and familiar condition of darkness ; it soothes t' rast; whatevcr voxes it is a violence ; thed weepirig of a gale through hissing and roaring fte'EA the thunder of whid in the chimney, the lashitig of the windows with hail and rain, the reel bdt of lightning to whose hue the bedroom ghihees in bfood to the eye of its disturbed occupalit; all this brings with it an clement'of fear, of something unusual, out of keeping,:out of ftture almnost., Btut at sea it is the other *ay about. 'Tis the dead calm that is uthnauiral. It is as thlough the miighlty forces of heaven and oceani had poer tentously iucked in their breaoth i rantici pation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior filbs his lungs to the full, and then holds his windwltilst I he waits tile cry of charge. I tried to sleep, but could .not, and hearing one o'clock struck on the fore castle, dropped out of iny bmnk for ten minutes of fresh air on deck. Cutbill sat with hisa back against the table; the small flamno.of the lamp that hung with out the least vibration from the cabin coiling gleamed in the sweat-drops that coatced his faIco as though oil had lbeen thrrown ulion hism. I said softly, pausing a momnent to address him : "'A wonder fully still niglht, Cutlill:" "Never rensember theo like of it, sir," hIe answasered iu ia wshi::lsor tiat had a' note cif staighliusg in it, with Isis effort to aub due his natural teimpstuous utterance. "All quiet aft ?" "As a graveyard, sir." lIe cases ~r \ilfrid Muonson should look out and acsee you, what eotcuse for being here hlas Captain Finn provided you'm sul pposed td be watching the bayromoter, sir. If Sir Wilfrid stops out l'm. to seem to be peering hard at that thcro nmercury, then to go on deck as if l'd got smcthling to report." " 0l, that'll ido, I dareo say," I ex clihmled. "l-to may wonder, but tlhat mnust not signify. lieaven grant, Cutbill, that I nam umnccessarily 'nervous; but wo're a siiddling full ship ; it is the srighlt sort of nigbt;, too, t makeo cie feP1 lho hIugeness of thlo ocean and the liclpless. • ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ - . • , . .; Bless of sailors when deprived of their little machinery for fighting it ; and what I say is a misgiving under such circum stances ought to serve us as a conviction -so keep a bright lookout, Cutbill. Nothing is goingto happen, I dare say; but our liusiness is to contrive that nothing shall happen." The hugo follow lifted his enormous hand very respectfully to his glistering forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her reflection lay upon the sea like a league long fallen column of silver, with the ocean going black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent shaft. Not a wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of light: not the most fairy- like undulation of water put, an instant's warping, for the space of a foot, into it. I sot thio main mnast head by a star and watched it, and the trembling, greenish, lovely point of radiance hung poised as steadfastly on a line with the truck as though it were some little crystal lamp fixed to an iron spike up there. I spied Jacob Crimp near the wheel, but Iliad come up to breathe and not to talk. I desired to coax ansleepy humour intoeme and guessed that that end would be defeated by a chat with the surly little sailcrr,'with whotn ?d rarely exchanged a few aohtencos without finding myself driftwtg into ta argument. So I lay over the tl striving to cool- my hot face with theo bl'eath off the surface of the black ?rofotcd that lay like a sheet of dark, n mgaming mirror beneath. On a sudden * h earda great sigh out in the gloom. It vwas as though some slumbering giant had fetched a long, deep, tremulous breath in a dream. I started, Yor it had sounded close, sand I looked along the obscure deck forward as if, forsooth, there was any sailor on board whose respiration could rise to such a nioto as that! In a moment ,aspied a-block of blackness dowly molt. i~g out like a dye of ink upon the indigo 6fthe water with the faint flash of moon light'off'tho wettound of it. A grampus I ~tuhlt I; sad stared :about, me for bt?bsh , to ao 'more showed, and the pro .iebsa iinight hush seemed to float dowi iagin from lho stars like a sensible weight with one wide ripple from where the great aish had sunk, creeping like a line of oil to the yacht's side and melting loundlessly in her shadow. This grave- like repose lasted the night through, and when early in the morning, awakeeed by the light of the newly risen esm, I mounted to the deck, I found the ocuan strotched flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening down and merged into the ocean line so that you couldn't see where the horizon was, save just under the sun whore the head of the misty white sparkle in the water defined the junction. It baffled and bothered the sight to look into the distanc.s sovaporous and heavy it all was, w'ith is dell blue gleam hero and there 'upon the water striking into the faintness like a nunbeam into mist, and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you snight catch the glimmeor of the calm past the mixture of hazy light and hues where bea and sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay," he answered, "I've heard of nothen to the contrairy. Her ledship anme on deck during the middle watch and irod a bit of a yarn with me." " Indeed I" said I. *"Yes, she seared me into a reg'lar clam. I was standing at the rail thinking I see a darkness out under the moon as if a breath of wind were coming along, and a woico just behind me says: 'What's your name?' Nigh hand tamed my hair white to see her, so quiet she came and her eyes like trpnosats." "'What did she talk about?" said I in 'a careless way. "Asked what the sailor was a-sitting in the cabin for. 'To prevent murder being done,' says I. 'Murder I' says she. 'Yes,' says T, 'and to prewent this wessel from being set on fire and blown to yellow blazes,' says I, 'for God knows,' says I, 'what weight of gunpowder ain't stowed away forrards.' 'Who's agoing to do all this,' says alshe ; so I jist told her that Sir VWilfrid had been took worse, and that the order had come forward that the cabin was to be watched." "What did she say to that ?" I ex claimed. "Why, walked to 'tother side of the Sdeck and set down and remained an hour, till I reckoned that when sheo went below sheo must ha' been pretty nigh streaming with dew. "What do you think of the weather, Mr. Crimp " "It's agin nature," he answered. " Like lying off Blackwall for smoothness 'Taint going to last, though. Nothing that's agin nature ever do whether its weather,-or a dawg with two tails, or a cat with height legs." "I wish you were a magician," said I, " I'd tassel your handkerchief for a strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, and the first of a long succession, I fear." At breakfast 1 told Miss Laura of Lady Monson's visit on deck in the middle watch, and the mate's blunt statement to her. " It was a mighty dose of truth to administer," said I. "She will pass some bad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old Jacob talking to her of murder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever that may mean, with her husband sleeping right abreast of her cabin and armed, as she muast know." "' Has he these pistols ?" she asked. "Yes," In answered, "I gave the case to one of the stewards to return to hlm, and now I am sorry I did so." "Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. "I do not envy her in her loneliiness. Why should hshe refuse to see me ? I easily under stand her objection to showing herself on dock by daylight; but I am her sister; I could sit with her; I could he company fao her, win her perlhaps," she said with a wistful look, "to something like a gentle mood." She sighed deeply and costinued : "Wilfrid scared me yesterday. Tlhere.was tlhat in his face which shocked "mu, but I could not explain what it was. Yet I am not thb least bit afraid he will commait any deed of violence. Let him 'be twenty times nmadder than lhe now is, his heart is so tender, his spirit so boy like,.pure, honourablo, there is so much 'of aweetness and naffection in his nature that I am certain his cruellest delirium would be tempneorcd by lhis qualities." ' I was grateful to her for thus speaking ot'nW poor cousisi, but I could not agree itli her. The qualities she pinned aher faith to 1md suffered him at all events to shoeot Colonel Hope-Kennedy and to make nothing, of the man's death. Yet, thought I, looking at her, seeing how tliis sweet littlo creaturo values, and to a large extent understands him, what devil's influence was upon the loving, lare-hearted, child like man when ihe chose theo other one for his wife But, fond of him and sorry for him as I was, I could not have wished it Sotherwiso-fo s my sake at all events; tholiugh' on W.r part it would have made her "heir adyship "anid found her a hus 'iscnd wlhose brai 1 don't doubt might Syear by yer have grown stronger in the cfieBdrful and fructifying light of her cordial, sympathotic, radiant character. SI looked in upon him after breakfast. Miss Laura wished to accompany me, but 1 advised liher to delay lher visit until I had ascertained for myself how he did. He was lying in lsis bunk, a large pipe in hsis mouth, atwhich he pulled so heartily that hIis cabin ivnwas dim withl tobacco smioke. I?is cheek was supported hy hisa elbow and 'his eyes fixed upon hIis watchl, a superb gold timekeeper that da:glcd at the ex tromty of a heavy chain hitched to a little htuok screwed hito the deck over his head. 'Oss the back of this watch were his initials set in brilliants, and these gems made the golden circle show like a little body of light as it hung mnotionless before hIis aintent gaze. HIe did not turn his head "when I opened the dour, then looked at aome i n a abseut-mii'lcd way when I was g hilrl" entered. "Ah I" he exclaimed languidly, "it is you, Charles. You promised to sit with me awhile last night." " I did, but the heat below was un endurable. It is no better now. The temperature of this cabin must be pro diious. What calculations are you Sazoikg ?" said 1. " None," he answored. " I have slung the watch to observe if there is any move ment in the yacht. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of yvibration. We are afloat, of course ?" he said, suddenly looking at me. "I hope so," said I. "Afloat ? Why what do you suppose, Wilf ? That we've gone to the bottom ?" "It would be all one for me," he answered with a deep sigh, and then applyig'himself .to~is pipe aga~in with a sort of avidity that'made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. He clouded the air with tobacco smoke and said : "I am heartily weary of life 1" "And why? " cried I : " because we are in a dead calm with the equator close. aboard. The very deep is rotting ? A calm of this kind penetrates through the pores of the skin, enters the soul and creates a thirsty yearning for extinction. Being younger than you, Wilf, I give my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like you, be weary. of life and desire to die." "It is easily managed," said he. "Yes," cried I, startled, "no doubt. But the weather may change, you know," and not at all relishing his remark nor the looks that accompanied it I seized my hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of the tobacco smoke through the open poithole. "I am of opinion," said he, puffing and dropping his words alternately with the' clouds he expelled whilst he kept -his eyes fixed upon his watch, "that, spite of the arguments of the divines, life is a free gift to us to be disposed of as we may decide. Nature is invariably com-: pensative. We are brought into 'this world without our' knowledge and there fore, of courasoL witholt our consent, d'yo see, Charles," and here he rolled his eyes upon me, .".and by way of balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with existence : keep it or part with it." "Isay, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equi noctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. Don't speculate, my dear fellow; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and lot the puzzling distance un fold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, who whistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy -faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon towards which they are advancing. Tell me now-about this cabin door of yours. My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morn-. ing to ensable you to pass through; so come along on deck, will you, Wilfrid ?" " Damn it, how blind you are 'l" he exclaimed. " No, I'm not," said I. "D'ye moan to say that you can't see what's happened to me since we last mot? " "What now, Wilfrid ?. " "What now ?" he shouted. " Why, man, I can't stand upright." - " Why not 1 " I asked. "Because I'm too tall for this cabin," he answered in a .voice 'of passion and grief. "Pray when did <you find that out?" said I. "On rising to. dress -myself this morn ing," he answered, "I was obliged to clothe myself in mny bunk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed to me." Well, well I thought I; God mend him soon. Hot as it was, a chill ran through me to tIhe cracy, wistful, despair ful look he directed at me, and I was oppressed for a moment with the same sickness of heart that had visited me during my interview with him on the preceding day. "I had resolved to sell the Bride," said he mournfully, putting his pipe,into a shelf at the back of him and folding his hands, which seemed to me to have' grown thin and white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so now." I was silent. "She will have -to be brbken up," he added. ",Nonsense I" I exclaimed. " But I say lies! " he suddenly roared; "'how the devil else am I to get out of her 1" " Oh, I see I" I answered soothingly, " I forgeot that. But, Wilf, since you re too big to use this cabin for the present only, for I am certain you-will dwindle 'to your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant oonstantly with yeou, some one at hand sittin" here to wait upon you ? " "~lhy, yes," said he, "' no doubt of it. I am almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." "No, no," said I. "Nor would the stewards make the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to be waited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter how rou-h their manners, agile, strong as horses wisthl lively limbs, used to springing about. One or two such men are to be met forward amongst your crew." "'A good idea," he cried. "Gadl 1 after my experiences of Muflin I'd rather be waited upon by the tarriost of tarry tarpaulins than one of your sleek, soft stepping, trained rogues who come and ask you for a situation with an excellent character in one pocket from their late master, and in the other the contents of his dressing-case. Ha, ha, ha !" and here he delivered one of his short roars of lauglhter. (To be continsed.) 