i_grislier. | AU Kinda of Ghosts. Monsters and Guardians Inventad by Various Baoea ol Man. I have been ¡a almost every ooantry in the world, and everywhere I have fonnd people who have seen and believe in ghosts. In western countries ghosts are generally harm less, bnt in Asia and Africa they are of a malignant and vicions type. Tbe dread of ghosts is eommon to all aboriginal raoss ot India and China, and the only means em ployed to oppose their rancor and miiohiev ODB dispositions is to build shrines for them and to make them offerings. Any severe illness, any epidemio disease, as small-pox oholers, eta., is attributed to the malignancy ot certain of these spirits, who mUBt be pro pitiated accordingly. In India the man tiger is, perhaps, the most dreaded of all these demon ghosts, for when a tiger has killed a man the tiger is considered safe from harm, as the spirit of the man rides upon DIB bead and guides him clear of danger. Ac cordingly it is believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people is to begin by making offerings to the spirits of his vistim, thereby depriving bim of their valuable services. In China the ghosts most propitiated are of those who have met a violent and untimely death, whether by design or by aaaident. Even women who die in obild-bed or wretohes who are hanged for their orimea are believed to have the eame power of oanaing evil to the living as those who have been killed by any other violent otases, including poison, disease, lightning, etc. All these defiled spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner ot their death. Thus the " tiger ghost" is the ghost of a man killed by a tiger ; the " snake ghost " the ghost of a person who was killed by a snake. In Africa the " waddy" and " lightning'.' ghosts are the most common, but the most dreaded spirit ia the Siroooo ghoat, whioh ia reputed by the natives an implacable spirit. Mott of the deceased persona whose spirits are now worshipped were the anoestort of some ot the aborigines. The ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts oonsist mainly ot the offerings of fowls, pigs, goatB, as well as of Sawers and traits, of the recitation and singing of certain prayers and oharma before the different shrines. These charms or prayers are ad dressed to the defiled ghosts of the dead for the purpose of compelling the spirits to detest from doing harm or to appear and receive the orders of the performers. After two or three inaoeitive performances th» ghost il nuder ?tood to be plaoated. . 