CRUMBS. Who would be the Czar ? Biimarok's Baby again in trouble, .Director of the Sohool of Mioee resigned. Lord Onslow had enough of Wonderland. Whafe the natter with the School of Mines ? New School of Mines Director resigned already. Thirty St, Albya's yearlings realized 7,095 guineas. Captain Tolmer's coffin covered with floral wreaths. Australian wine trade with England ex panding. Mr. J. G. Knight is the Pooh Bab of the Territory. Parson Jones leaving Hindmarsh for Broken Hill. Br. Cookburn," an able and ambitions Sootohman," South Australia "a thoroughly honest and eonnd colony." Our wine trade in New Zealand being pushed forward. Unprecedented growth ef grass in some of the river districts. Emperor William will crash those who try to hinder his plans. Some oi the potatoes taken home by the Orient were rotten. Sir John Downer, " less nimble ofdntelleot than Sir John Bray." South Australians to be consistent most support Some Bale. Australian Eleven improved by inolnsion of Burs and Donnan, Victorian farmer fined £160 for ill-tresting Industrial schoolboy. Ministry, to have smother big think over the capitation puzzle. Neither Deane, Harry, nor MoKenzle, but' Burn. Awiseohoioe. Farmers' Association declared for duty on i oats, barley, and malt. Unaooountable oarelessnees shewn in the . grounding of Glenroaa. Woman threatened to murder the Czar. Farmers should have been impressed with the maoe and Mayor's chain. Sir John Bray, "the most popular man in the Honse and a master of taotioa." " The Playford Government were replaced : by men who' were not their equals." The Premier must either think we have lost our memorise or we are a let of tools. Broken Hill and the good harvest are ignored by Mr. Cohen as factors in our pros perity. Fiveoi the Ministry attended publicans' picnic, bat only two the Temperanee Alliance meeting. New irrigation pumping plant auceessfuliy started at King's Billabong by Chatfey Brothers, On the 19th March, at Strathabyn. Dr. Cookburn, of a policy; stillborn, Pablio delighted. Sobool teaohsra not allowed to ask tor tbe imprisonment of persons who wont pay We go to Sir Charles Dilke to hear that Sonth Australia is oalled "King Tom's dominions." Three planks of the policy—No single tax, no Eight Honrs' Bill, and no lioeaoe fees to j Corporations. Capitation grants nothing else than the beginning ;ef the endowment of denomina tional schools. The Premier confesses the Ministry have not made ap their minds on the capitation grant question.? ' Archbishop Reynolds says his Chnroh refuses each a paltry subsidy as the proposed capitation grant. Stated that 100,000 English colliers will torn out on March 15 if their wages are not raised 15 per cent. Northern Congregational ministers, in common with nearly every one else, opposed to oapitationgrants. Hon. J. . B, Gordon admits that the Ministry has made many mistakes. The public knew it before. At Stanebury on the 27th Inst, there will, he a trial of stone and stamp gatherers for tbe Government reward. C. C. Kingston described aa "an excellent, debater; a good party manager, and a man of quick politioal insight." A chiropodist announoea on his cards that he has " removed oorna from aeveral of tbe crowned heads of Europe." Guardian wants Australian clergy to deny communion to those who take advantage of the Divorce Extension Bill, "Stray dogs sre seized in Birmingham, and after being poisoned are cremated in a fur nace at the rate of fifty a day. Some of the. farmers' delegates. seemed to I think that tbe Mayor's chain was the best thing oonnected with the office. A greater compliment coold not be paid to Mr. Playford than to Tefer to him aa an opponent of the Trades Hall site. When stnnghy a bee or wasp, make a paste of oompion earth and water, pat on tbe place a$ onop, and opver with a cloth. : Dr. Campbeil. wqntir ft* Commissioner. of Agr^nwWHp If si bhosep as>e?enth minister by the present Government. We know one or two things that are not inolnded in the Government policy. Will tbe Premier tell OS something that is to be in it? Maharajah of Ulwar stayed, at the City Baths in Adelaide, and was weloomed by the Earl of Hopetoun's Aide-de-Camp in Vic toria. The Rev. J, W. Owen, B.A., severely rebnkea Judge Boneaut for his flippant referenoe to the Bible, and J. P.B. a high Mason, too. The Board of lradc Journal for January publishes a lengthy extract from the first report of the Scuta Australian Bureau of Agrioulture. Seventh Australian Eleven — Murdoch, Blaohham, JoneB, Turner, PerriB, Trott, Lyons, Charlton, Barn, Trumble, Walters, Barrett, and Donnan. •' The policy of the present Ministry is to formulate measures to advanoe the material interests of the oolony." We have heard something like that before. Any member of the pnblio may proceed against the Tram Companies for allowing the overotowding of oars, aooording to Baron Pollook and Justice Hawkins. '"Is Mrs. Fullbloom a widow, Charlie I" " She's a widower." " A widower 1 How can that be ?" " She's been a widow twice. -Once more wiil make her a widowest." A smart business man beats the Superin tendent of Telegraphs thnsA forty-word message by soale coats 6s,; sent as four separate messages it costs 4s. How's this ? A Hew York daily offered a £20 prize for the worst handwriting in the city. Mr. Pear son won the money, and now he Intends to table £liG00 and challenge the world to beat him. tDr. Cockbnrn has again said that his Ministry is the first Ministry that studied the people. Ib he trying to oonvinoe himself of tne truth of" the .statement by constant repetition.?! " Is anybody waiting on yon?" Baid a polite salesman to a young lady from the oonntry. "Yes, sir," replied tne blushing damsel. "That's my young man outside; he wouldn't come into the shop" Br. Cookburn quoted the Hon. John Colton as being in favour of the oapitation .grant; bathe was one of the prime movers at the meeting that fcproteBted against the adoption of the system. In a -reosnt issue of a contemporary appeared a question, entitled—" How should a 'trunk be paoked?" The proper way to pack a trunk is to ait down in an easy chair and watch.your wife do it. l£e abont an even thing, we are told, between man and the orange peel. Some times the man throws the orange peel into the .gutter, and sometimes the orange peel thiowa the maninto the gutter. A .correspondent applies the following to tbe Ministry.:— lo promise, pause, prepare, postpone, And.end by leafing things alone; In short to earn the peoples' pay, cBy doing nothing every day. Dot (aged-six)—" Mamma, when people are buried do they put them in a hole in the ground and -cover them over with dirt ?" Mamma—"Hfoa." Dot—" V) ell, I think they must look -very .muddy when they get into Heaven." Max O'Bell resolved to leave John Ball and fab island .to pay a visit to the States.: Besaitedon Christmas Day by theCeltia. The • national earioatnristwill therefore have to: eat his plum-pudding at sea this year—if the j sea will permit, i Pity the poor girls mid boys whose mother i advertises in a Omrah paper as followsI "A lady wishes-to hear of a goodsohool for | girls wheie tbe biroh rod, now coming into ' fashion again, is used in the old way. Also of one for boys," An illustration of the development of Glasgow daring the last century may be found in the faot that, in 1780, the staff of the Post- . Office consisted of a postmaster, three olerks,' and fonr letter-carriers. Mow there are over I 1,600 men employed in tbe service. The oigarette makers of Seville oommenoe work early in life. Many of them are not more than seven or eight years of age when first employed to fill the dnely-ont tobaoco into the atrips of paper. This is paid for at the rate of lOd. per thousand properly-filled cigarettes. When yon find a person a little better than his word, a little more liberal than his promise, a little more than borne oat ia his statement by his faots, a little larger in deed tnan in speech, yonreoognise a ktndof . e.o quenoe in that person's ntteraase not laid down in Blair or Campbell. Ancient Borne reoeived from without well nigh seven times the volnme of water now poured into modern Borne, This olty is the beBtsupplied with water in the world, Next to Bobie, Vienna is said to be the most favoured capital, if not in the abnndanoe; at least in the parity of its drinking water. One i of the- attractions of the Pittsburg Exposition is a monster roll of paper. It s ninety-sixiftohet wide, fourteen miles long,', and weighB 2,668 lb, This mammoth roll is perfect, not having a hole or break in it. It is a great ourioaity even among papermakera, and h is said to be the largest sheet ever turned out of any mill, .. It is reported that £2,600 is now being offered for a tonof whalebone. The advarioe in price is likely to1 lead to more ships being sent to Davie 8trait next summer. Mr. Stephen has resolved to send the Aurora (Captsin Maokay) to the whale fishing after 1 the seal fishing at Newfoundland ia closed. Memorabilia.—The tenth day ot the month, Nisan, was observed as - a fast day by the anoient Jews in oommemoration of the death of Miriam, the sister of Moses.— Bead this fair ladles. Lady Mary Montague was at Constantinople in 1716, and was in vited to dine with the Sultana, and this is how she desoribes her dress in a letter to a friend, dated February 10" She wore a vest called donatina, of pnrple cloth, straight to her shape, and thick set on each side down to her feet and round the eleeves with pearls of the best water, and to these buttons large loopB of diamonds hung, in the form of those gold loops so common on birthday ooats. This habit was tied at the waist with two large taeeele of smaller pearls, and ronnd the arm embroidered with large diamonds. Her shift was fastened with a great diamond, shaped like a lozenge; her girdle, as broad as the broadeBt English riband, entirelylcovered with diamonds. Her whole dress must be worth a hundred thousand pounds sterling." Obitnaries.—That young soamp Helioga balus was only seventeen years old when he was assassinated, February 10, 222. He derived hiB name from the oircnmstanoe of hie having been a priest of Elagabalus, the Syro-Phoenioian sun-god. He was chosen Emperor of Borne as the snooessor of Maorinns. He associated his grand mother and his mother with himself in the government, and ohoee a eenate of the feminine pereuaeion. He then aban doned himeelf to every kind of oruelty and debauchery, raised hie horse to the Cou snlw dignity, and caused divine bononrs to be paid to' himeelf. No wonder hie oareer was stopped soeariy-—die Catherine Frdron died February 10,1776. He was not a she, aa Mb name implies, bnt a Frenoh poet and otitic. His works were much read, bnt having had the temerity of " bearding the lion in his den" in some striotnres npon Vol taire's writings, that' writer retaliated bo forcibly in hie satire of "Le Pauvre Piable" and in hie comedy of " L'Eooseaise" that Le Pauvre Diable died of chagrin, aged fifty eeven. Obitnaries.—The Emperor Matthias, of Germany, died Maroh 1,1619, at Vienna. It wai be who in 1608 compelled hie brother Bodolph to cede to him Hungary, Austria, and Moravia. At hie death he had lived fifty-seven years, and reigned eight years.— Another German Emperor, Leopold II., took leave of hie aubjeote and joined the great majority, Maroh 1,1792. You may be core be was a wise and liberal Prince, for he was tbe son of Maria Theresa oi Austria and of her huBband Franoie of Lorraine, In 1765 he suoceeded his father in the Duoby of Tuscany, which he governed with great wisdom, and abolished the Inquisition in that country, In 1790 he aucceeded the Emperor Joseph II., and by his judioioaa and liberal measures consolidated tne power of hie Empire. JUemoraDllia.—uray, sue Iioet, to a utter hi Dr. Wharton, dated Maroh 5,1766, writes:— "The accounts ono has lately bad from all parte (of the severity of the weather?) make me suppose you are buried in the enow, like the old Queen of Denmark. As eoon as you are dug out I shall rejoice to hear your voice from the battlements of Old Park. Everything is politios. There are no literary productions worth your notice, at east.of our country. - Mr. Walpole faaB got somehow well of his gout, goes to all publio places, sees all the best oompany, and is very muoh in fashion."— The Battle of Barosaa was fought Maroh 5, Kill. In this engagement the British rained one of the greatest triumphs of the Peuin solar War. The French loBt nearly 3,000 mpn, six pieces of oahnon, and an eagle, being the first the British had taken.— I That was a violent storm of thunder, light ning, hail, and rain that oocnrred at Eoo ringa Maroh 5,1863, whioh oaused the death of Mr. .dames Waite by drowning. Obituaries.—Among the notables who made their exit on Maroh 5 are the following, chronologically . strung together;—Marcus dSmlliuB Lepidus, Dictator of Borne, dieds c. 13.—Odcaoer, King of Italy, was traitorously assassinated at a banquet by oommand or connivance of Theodorio, 493.—Alphonso IL, of {Portugal, eurnamed " the Fat" whom Pope Bonoriona Hi. excommnnioated for his audacity. in dispnting with the Church respeoting its fat revennes, '.'ceased from troubling," 1223.—Antonio Atlegri da Correggio, whose splendid paintings have for 360 years enchanted the world, died, 1534.—William Brooke, Lord Cobbam, died, 1E87.—Pope Clement $111, under whose anspioes and -superintendence the most accurate edition oft he Vulgate was published, went "the way of all flesh," 1605. —James, Duke of Hamilton, Arthur, .Lord Capell, and Henry, Earl of Holland, were deprived of theirheads at a reward of their loyalty during the troublesome reign of the Protector, 1619.—Henry Wharton, the divine, antiquary, and historian, "shuffled off this mortal coil," 1695.—The learned and good Bishop Beveridge, died, 1705.—Laplace, the illustrious mathematician and aetronomer, and Alexander Volta, the .famous experiment tal philosopher, each quitted this sublunary diurnal sphere, 1827, Memorabilia.—The Emperor Augustus assumed the office af Pontiles Marimn^ or, if you please. High Priest, March 6, b o. IS, and immediately thereafter destroyed about two thousand books of prophecy, the writers •of which were either unknown or of no authority! He then began to reduce the calendar to that regularity designed by his uncle Jnlitis Cassar, and oalled the sixth month, which till then was named Sextilis, by his . own name, be oauee In that month he was first made Consul B.C. 42 and gained his greatest viotorieB. This, you will remember, was the monarch who issued the decree that" all the world should be taxed" (enrolled).—Ferdi nand Magellan, the famouB Portuguese navi gator, discovered a group of islands in the ~ "" :ch " North Paoifio March 6, 1521, to which he gave the name of the Ladrone or Thieves' Islands, on aooonnt of the pilfering propensi ties of the native tribes. U Cthem there North Paoifioers were anything but paoific in them days. Obituaries.—Bemy Belleau, one of the seven poetB known as Ple'raote Fran;aise. died at Paris Maroh 6, 1577. Oar Historical Crumbman's little boy Henaud asks if Belleau waenot fond of. belle-eau-de-vie. Naughty Benaud,—Zaohary Ureinue, one of the early reformers, and the friend of Melanothon, departed this life Maroh 6,1583. aged forty nine.—'William Francis Baynal, a Frenoh historian of considerable reputation, died March 6, 1796, aged 85. In early life he joined the Society of JeBnits, and beoame a popular preacher. He then left the Church and entered the arena of. literature. Hie writings inolude a "History of the Stad holderehip." "History of the English Par liament," " History of the Divorce of Henry VIII.," &c.; He travelled muoh, thought much, and greatly deplored the evils that resulted in that terrible eoolal earthquake— the Frenoh Bevolntion.—Dr. Bamuel Parr died March 6,1825, aged 78. His biographer says" He was a man of vast learning, and strong political views as a Whig." Quoth Cowper, he had— A great deal of eldll. and a wig {all of learning. Obituaries.—Pope Innocent XI1L died, Maroh 7, 1724., But why did he do that? Well, in 1721 he conferred upon Guillaume Dubois a cardinal's hat, whioh didn't fit. Dubois was the eon of a poor Frenoh apotheoary, and by the force of his inherent genius be raised himself to positions of eminence in the Church and State. In 1722 he was appointed First Minister of State. From that time he reigned absolute master, and the depraved Court sunk still lower in its vices. The re sult was that the Pope died of chagrin lor having raised to the oardinaiate a man who so disgraced himself and his profession by his profligacy, avarice, and ambition.—John Whitehead was a physician and a Metho dist preacher—ergo, he had the cure of bodies and souls to loon to. He attended John Wesley in bis last ticknesB, preached bis funeral sermon, published memoirs of his life in two volumes, and then gave up the ghost Maroh 7,1804. Memorabilia—That antiquarian chronolo gist writes"The custom of reckoning .by weeks was introduoedatRomeduring the third oentnry, and wbb derived from the Egyptians, that anomalons people who nnited in them selves all the wiedoin and all the folly of the world. In the months of March, May, July, and October the nones fell on the seventh day. Augustus avoided even the name of this day with that which followed the mlndiries as ominous,- and kept his chamber because he snpposed they had some relation to the novendiales—those days on which the dead were burled."— Evelyn, writ ing from the Boyal Falaoe at Fontainblean on March 7, 1645, saysWe went to the votary whioh has a cupola; in tlm middle of it great trees and bushes, It being full of birdB. The great garden has in the centre a fountain of Tiber, a eoloasean figure of brass with the wolf over Romulus and Renins, The carps came familiarly to hand to be fed." Don't carp at this, gentle reader. Memorabilia.—Robert Barley, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was stabbed by the Frenoh Marquis de Qnisoard with a penknife Maroh 6,1711. Bnt be was not killed, for the point of the knife strnok one of his ribs and broke off half an inoh. On his recovery he was congratulated by Parliament, created Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, decorated with the Garter, and soon afterwards he was ap pointed Lord Bigh Treasurer, Swilt says of Goiscard—" I knew him well, and think him a fellow of little oonseqnenee, although of some conning and mnoh villainy. It was bnt ten days ago that i was interceding with the Secretary on bis behalf, because I heard he was just starving; bnt tbs Seoretary assured me he had £400 a year pension.— A smart earthshock was felt in London March 8,1750. Obituaries.—William fill.. King of Eng land. died Maroh 8, 1702, aged 52. Bts death was accelerated. >9 an injury he bad sustained from a fall from a horse, by wbieh. bis | collar-bone was nroken.—Sir William , Chambers died March 8, 1796, aged 70. Be was descended from an old Seotoh family, wss born at Stookholm, was a fellow®f the. Koyal ■ Society and of the Royal Aelatio Society, Surveyor-General of the Beard - of Works, and supercargo to the Swedish East India Company. Be also exelled as an architeot, and erected some magnificent mansions in various parts of England, in cluding Somerset Howe. Be was the author of a work on oivil architecture, and aoqulred a large fertnne. — John Baptists Julius Bnfnadotte, who, from the position of a pri vatein the French Army rare to that of King of Sweden nnder the title of Charles XIV.. died Much 8,1844, in the eightieth year of ble age, universally reapeoted. Memorabilia.—The marriage of Romeo Montecohio and Juliet Gappelletto wan solemnised at Ciitadella March 11,_ 1302. That uneomprotniaing moralist, referring to Shakapeare'e play, writes: — "Never were events so adapted for the tragio web, bo unhappily twiated, to point a moral and adorn a tale' aa the gnilty loves of Borneo and Joliet, a plot, simple and pathetic, solemn and retributive, which petrifies the tear about to flow."—The University of Parie issued a circu lar, dated Maroh 11, 1411, addressed to all the French olergy, expressing the deoision of the Church that the "feast of fools," about the ealends ef January, was a well-imagined institution connected with Christianity, and that those who had tried to suppress it should be "ourstand excommunicate. Obituaries.—John Toland, a deistical writer, made his exit to test "the great secret, March U, 1722. He was educated in Ireland in the Roman Catholic faith, tamed Protestant, went to study at the University of Glasgow, thence to Edinburgh, thence to Leyden, thence to Oxford in search of know ledge. He then published a work entitled "Christianity Not Mysterious," which was pre scribed and burned by the common hangman. He then attempted to return to Ireland, but Toland was unable to land there. The country was made too hot for him. After publishing several other deistical works he announced himself to be a good Churchman, and soon afterwards turned Pantheist, In which hazy faith he died, and " went to his own place."—Hannah Cowley, the poetess, died Maroh 11, 1809, aged 66. She wrote several narrative poems and nine comedies, bnt that ill- natnred oritso says" Her effu sions are more remarkable for their affeota tion than their merit." Obituaries —Caesar Borgia was killed Marob 12, 1508, wbile fighting in the aervioe of hia brother-in-law, the King of Navarre, beneath the walla of tbe Castle of Viana. He waa the profligate brother of the profligate Lucre zia Borgia, whom Verdi has immortalized with the crown of infamy, and the eon of Pope Alexander VL, who rewarded this hopeful youth for hie lioentiousneas by creating him Archbishop of Valenzt. After this, Ctesar contrived to get hia more popular brother P^ancie'drowned, and to dispatob to the land of the hereafter several other per sons who stood in the way of his ambitious designs,—Ludovie Muggleton, the founder of the seot of Mnggletonians, died Mireb 12,1697. He waa a fanatio who wrote several books stuffed fell of absurdities and blasphy mies, including a pretended divine remon strance to Cromwell, which was burned be the hangman. Uuggleton escaped with a pilloring. Memorabilia.—James I. of Sootiand, on Msroh 12,1425, during the sitting of his Par liament at Perth, arrested Murdoch, Duke oi Albany, the late Regent, the Earls of Douglas, Angus, and Marob, with twenty other noblemen. The -Duke and his two sons were Immediately tried for aots of nsurpar tioo, found guilty, and executed on, Castle Hill, at Stirling. During the firat two yeers of hie reign James. I. adjudged to death about 3,000 of his subjects for offences committed duringt bis long imprisonment in JSngland.—Charles' 1L founded Chelsea Hospital March 12, 1682\. This national asylum for old ana maimed soldiers is one of the noblest build ings of the kind in Europe. It was com pleted in 1692 at a coat of £150,000, and it supports about 650 in-pensioners, and 70,000 out-pensioners at an annual expenditure of' nearly £1,500,000.—Halley's famous oomefe; passed its perihelion, Msroh 12,17&9t 