ROYAL SOCIETY OF QUEENSLAND.] An interesting meeting of the Royal Society of Queensland was held on Friday evening in one of the rooms of the College of Pharmacy. Those present were Mr. W. Saville-Kent, 1\L.S.,F.G.S" vic. (president), in, the chair, the Hon. A. Norton, Messrs. L. A. Bernays," AV. Fryar, J. Shirley, A. J. Turner, Simmonds, Watkins, G. F. Scott, Woodcock, Armstrong, and W. J. Ryott Maughan (acting secretary). Mrs. Woodcock attended as a visitor. This being the first meeting held since the society removed from its old quarters in Edward-street, the chairman drew attention to the excellent accommodation they now occupied, and for the use of which they were, he said, greatly indebted to the kindness of the Pharmaceutical Society. Mr. W. Thompson, of Charters Towers, was elected a member, and Mr. Maughan proposed as new members Miss Tolls (lady principal of the Girls' Grammar School), Dr. Griffin, Dr. Southam, Mr. P. MacMahon (curator of the Botanic Gardens, and Mr. P. M'Lean (Under Secretary for Agriculture). EMBRYOLOGY OF THE AUSTRALIAN ROCK OYSTER. The president (Mr. W. Saville-Kent, FLS., FZS.) contributed a paper entitled, " Notes on the Embryology of the Australian Rock oyster (Ostrea elements)." This paper Qinbodied, in the last place, a brief account of the separate methods of fertilisation and embryonic development that had been found by European and American naturalists to be associated with the various species of commercial oysters pertaining to the northern hemisphere. In the most familiar European type, Ostrea edulis, represented by the far-famed "British native," it was explained that the young brood or' spat was nursed within the partial or mantle cavities of the parent throughout the earlier stages of its development, until infective shells were fully formed. It was the presence of this spot, including many millions of tiny shells in the breeding oysters that rendered them unfit for consumption, and had occasioned the appointment of a close season which extended throughout the summer months. In the American commercial oyster, , Ostrea Virginians, and also in a small Portuguese species, Ostrea against, the ova and mist, or Sperm cells, were discharged into the surrounding water, where fertilisation was accomplished through their intermingling, and the embryos had to shift for themselves from the earliest period of their existence. The oysters of Australia were shown to exhibit two equally distinct plans of propagation. The commercial form indigenous to Tasmania and Victoria, but so reduced in number by exhaustive fishing as to be scarcely known in the market could not be distinguished from the European Ostrea edulis, and was usually associated by naturalists with the same specific title. The reproductive phenomena of this system had been investigated by the author, and had been found by him to be precisely identical with those of it's European congener. The most important commercial oyster of Australia was the familiar "rock oyster" (often pUnnentta) of which Queensland now hold the enviable position of being the leading producer, growing not only suflloJGiit supplies for home consumption, but also for exportation to the neighbouring colonies. The method of propagation of this species had occupied Mr. Savillo-lCont's attention within the past few weeks, and had been demonstrated to coincide essentially with that of the American and Portuguese types, 0. Virgilians and 0. against, the ova being fertilised and the embryos passing through their various metamorphoses! in the open water. As a consequence the artificial fertilisation and propagation of this specieswasrendored feasible and had been successfully achieved ; but this feat could not be accomplished in the same manner in association with those species in which the brood or spat was nursed for a considerable period by the parent oyster. The method of procedure in order to obtain the successful foreshadow of the oyster ova was explained at length, and following upon this a minute account was given of the series of meta- morphoses through, which the oyster embryo passes before attaining, in miniature, to the parent form. This, on the average, was found to be accomplished in about four days. In association with his investigation of the embryology of the Australian rock oyster, the author of the paper had commenced and was still engaged upon a series of experiments with the object of accurately determining the influence upon the embryonic oyster brood that is exercised by the occurrence of floods or other sudden changes in the salinity of the water. Some of the results already obtained were of considerable import. Among other experiments, the oil and milk from a matured male and female oyster had been abstracted and commingled under precisely similar conditions, and placed respectively in sea water of full strength and in water containing one half and one-quarter only of the saline medium. As a result, that placed in the equal admixture of salt and fresh water yielded a full brood of healthy embryos. Where pure sea water was used fertilisation was much retarded, and but a few only of the men entered upon their develop- mental cycle. In the case where one part of salt water to three of fresh was experimented with, the vitality of the ova was completely suspended. This last circumstance practically illustrated the pernicious effects that accrued to brooding oysters during heavy floods, and opened out a wide field for further investigation. Mr. Saville Kent paper was accompanied by diagrams and by a series of mounted preparations, exhibited under the microscope, illustrating the more important developmental phases of the oyster embryo, and also by livings specimens, the product of artificial fer- utilisation accomplished but a few hours previously. MISCELLANEOUS. During the evening Mr. Saville-Kent also exhibited a species of luminous fungus he had found growing in small clusters on decayed wood in his Imshhouso. It belonged to the group of the Agaricini, including the ordinary mushroom. It was a discordant form, attaining to about an inch in diameter, and mounted on a slender stem. Its texture was extremely pellucid, and the disk was thickly coated with a transparent mucilaginous fluid. At night the entire disk was brilliantly luminous with a green phosphoric light, rendering the fungus visible at a distance of 100 yards or more. On closer investigation, it was found that the chief seat of luminosity was the spore- bearing laminae, or girls. The exhibitor was ac quainted with two European fungi referable to sign genera Peziza and Polyporus, which exhibited luminous properties to a less degree, but had not been hitherto aware of any representative of the typical Agarici that possessed this peculiarity. A general discussion followed, during which it was stated that the luminous fungus exhibited had been referred to in Mr. F. M. Bailey's " Synopsis of the Queensland Flora." Mr. William Fryar had prepared a long and interesting paper on the temperature of the earth, but owing to the late hour it was decided that the essay should be read at the next meet either, on the 17th March. A paper by Mrs. Coxon, giving results of meteorological observations during the past month, was laid on the table and perused by most of the members. We would not on the strength of the following experience of a Victorian farmer advise any of our teUlcts to use rusted wheat for seed, still it is worth an experiment. Mr. G. M. Lyon, of Coleraine, has written to the Hamilton .V;ifft'iMras follows:-" About the year 1882 I had a crew of wheat so bad with rust that I could neither great it or sell it for anything but fowl,' feed. I was afraid to use it for seed, not having had any experience with rust before. I asked the opinion of several, and was advised by Mr. Thomas Templeton, of Muntham Mains, who is well known as a practical farmer, who by Mr. H. Cameron, another who had experience with But. to sow it, and that it would go farther than plump grain. I used the rusty wheat without dieting, just as it came from the thrashing machine, but treated with bluestone as usual, and had a 'i bushels to the acre crop of prime grain, liking the first prize at Coleraine with it, weighing C7JU>. to the bushel. I have rust this year, and intend to use the small grain for seed to sow 50 acres." 