Reminiscences of the Bush. [Br MARK AXTONT.] PAT. DUFFY, J.P. THB TBAOIC DEATH OP " JACOB" THE EMU, AND A SCENE IN THE COURT HOUSE. Hitherto I have not found it necessary to intro- duce in these reminiscences one very important member of our happy family at Cabarlah. Still, let no one infer from this that my silence meant disrespect. Though last to be introduced, let not his memory be the lightest held, for the day is not far distant when the name of " Jacob," the emu, was a power with the family on whose premises he dwelt. When I first took up my abode in the house of Pat Duffy, " Jacob" had been in the family some years, and as he was of pronounced conservative opinions, and a decided opponent of all manner of change, no matter how slight, his natural bias was instantly up in arms, and he resented bitterly my presence in the place. I must admit that I did little, indeed, to propitiate my ungainly adversary. Good looks were ever the surest passport to my friendship and favour, and while I have over been conscious of a foolish leaning to all that was fair to the eye, I have never been able to conquer my aver- sion to anything that was the opposite. Alas ! no, not all the seven cardinal virtues, if clothed in deformity, could ever win their way to my heart; and in my more thoughtful hours I have wept, that the gilded puppets of an hour should lead me in their train, while all that was true and lasting, if commonplace, should languish in vain for my smiles. And "Jacob" the emu was commonplace-nay, he was even more than that, he was ugly, horribly ugly. And so far from the want of my favour making him languish, he positively exulted in it. Yes, he was my open and* declared enemy, and I was his, and the one trait that we admired in each other was that sweet bond-our mutual animosity. Let me describe him as he first appeared to me on the morning after my arrival at the station. It was a scorching hot morning-a Queensland morn- ing, in fact, and I had strolled round to the stable yard to tote up how much pay a white man was entitled to for simply sleeping in that colony-when I saw " Jacob." I did not know it was " Jacob," though. At first I thought it was a bundle of old clothes resting on two stout posts, but after a closer look I found it was not. No, it was a receptacle for holding feathers-a place, in fact, where Mrs. Duffy kept the spoils of her Christmas slaughter, I thought, and I was about to go over and inspect the primitive structure, when something happened. The " structure" came over and inspected me-it came very quick, too, and then I saw I had been mistaken all along. I saw now that it was an | infernal machine, and that it had a large hammer fitted up on top, and then, before I could make any more observations, the thing rushed me, and in an instant the demon hammer met me in the stomach, and I ceased to take any interest in what was transpiring. I came to myself lying on my back on the front verandah, and they were rubbing my stomach with brandy to restore animation. I understood then that the "machine" must have blown up, or some- thing, just immediately before it killed me. I even ventured to hint as much, when the whole family burst out laughing, and told me it was no ! infernal machine, but only " Jacob," the pet emu. The boss wa? not present when this scene took place, so I asked Mrs. Duffy to give me a slight sketch of the past history of Jacob-a brief outline as it were of his antecedents, and his present posi- tion in the family ; and I assured her it was no idle curiosity that prompted me in the matter, hut that the most vital results depended on what I sought. The good woman then gave me the subjoined sketch. "Jacob" was captured in the scrub some five years before, and his captor, a blackfellow, had sold him to Mr. Duffy for two cakes of tobacco and the carcase of a young pig that had lately defuncted. The emu was taken into his present abode on the same day he was captured, and the vendor had dis- appeared into his native bush with the pig and the plugs, when the gentle Duffy found that he had been swindled. Jacob had a broken leg-smashed, in fact, and that by the waddy of the perfidious native, INO doues tue emu naa maoe a nome fight for freedom during that terrible struggle in the bush, and this was the result. Duffy cursed that unfortunate blackfellow in five different octaves, nnd ended by taking the victim to his heart. His leg mended in time, and from that hour till the present he had " run" the entire es- tablishment. Susan's kid boots and Johnnie's now Bilver spurs had disappeared down his gullet. Harry's best stockwhip and Mrs. Duffy's back hair had followed suit ; and even when the neighbours complained about his lunching on three coils of their barbed fencing wire, Duffy would allow no redress, for he declared the story was a vile fabri- cation and a slander on his pet, and he took him yet closer to his heart. Mrs. Duffy and the family wero always covered with bruises from the assaults of this ghoul, and it was more than their heads were worth to attempt retaliation or to injure Jacob while the boss was about. He would steal into the kitchen in the absence for a moment of the mistress, and scoop up whatever was cooking ; and if the poor woman happened to go in while he was there his feet and head ware at once called into requisition, and she was left squashed out and limp on the floor, while the audacious robber would limp off-the broken leg was far shorter than the other-after breaking half the dishes in the place. As I said before, no one dare retaliate on him for fear of the " old man." And to put the case truth- fully, and in good earnest, he was the greatest plague I ever experienced under the guise of a domestic pet. Mrs. Duffy assured me that she would rather than twenty pounds someone would kill the great hulking brute, and I told her if he ever again interfered with me I would do the job for nothing. I spoke to Pat about what the bird had done to me a few days later, but that worthy treated my complaint with the utmost levity. He laughed heartily at me, and then I lost my temper. I said : " Well, now, you look here ! I think you are already aware that I'm a fellow that won't stand trifling with ?" He began to look more serious, and I continued : " I have got to tvork on your place for the next six months. I cannot help myself in that, but I give you my word if that brute interferes with me one more time I'll knock him on the head." That sobered Mr. Duffy. I never before saw him in such a way. Ho began with oaths and threaten- ing to try to intimidate me from my purpose, and when he" saw I was unshaken in my resolve he actually descended to abject supplication, and de- sired me, humbly, not to destroy his pet. It was no use, however ¡ I had determined to kill it at the first opportunity, and his insolence had confirmed my resolution. I said, "If you are afraid your emu will again misbehave pay me my money and I'll go. If you do not, and the thing occurs again, I'll certainly kill the brute." He must have been greatly attached to the foul-looking bird, for at first he seemed half-inclined to pay up, and get quit of me, but avarice at length mastered affection, and I left him vomiting the most foul oaths and maledictions j on my head, and threatening me with all manner of evil, if I dared to keep my promise. I need not say that his threats moved me nothing. I was evon more determined to go on with the job-and to bring this part of my narrative to a close I may state that on the following day I knocked the brains out of " Jacob," the pet of Mr. Pat. Duffy. I did not seek the encounter, and I did not avoid it ; but, unfortunately for Jacob, he was not so neutrally inclined. On the day of the catas- trophe, I had occasion to come down to the tool house for a hoe, the handle of the one I was using having come out. I was bent down selecting another, and, having come out of the bright glare of the sun, I did not notice that my bete noir was sheltering in the cool shade of the place. I was soon to learn the important fact, however. I was rising to go away, when I received the "all firedost" blow on the ear from his great bill, and I instantly took a seat among the lumber, with the blood streaming over my face, and a very confused notion of what it was all about in my brain. Then I beheld my assailant limp out of the shed-oh no, not hurriedly, nor nothing-and I gathered suffi- cient from this that it was time I made a move also. I picked myself up how I could, and, seleoting the likeliest hoe I could find, I started on the war path ; and I may here remark that a more gory savage never started on a " hair-lifting" expedi- tion. I want the reader to recollect that all this took place only a few days after my arrival at Cabarlah. And then let him, or her (particularly / her), judge if I was not a daring and bloodthirsty young man. When I sighted Jacob again, he waB strolling leisurely down towards the front of the house; and although be was trying to pretend that he didn't mind a bit, I could see it was all a ghastly sickening sham, and a piece of tho most con- temptible bunkum. Uneasiness, nay, terror, was palpable in his every motion ; and when I put on a spurt with a view of lessening the distance between us, all his son? froid vanished, and he put on a spurt also. He banged round the front of the house, screaming horribly, and I banged after him -silent but industrious. Ho went right round ; I did the same. In the third round 1 could just touch him with the hoe, and now I was Bensiblo of another accession to the chase. All the Duffys I were on the verandah, showing the most intense interest in it; and " Glorious Pat" was hard after me. We did another round in splendid time, and we were just beginning the fifth when Pat caved in. He wasn't built that way, so Jacob and I decided to settle it our two selves. Well, the end came at last. About the middle of the ninth round my opponent tried to double on me, but I had been watching for this all along. There was an agonised scream from Pat, as he saw the fatal movement of his pet ; and ere it died away the hoe fell, and the severed head of my hated foe rolled in the dust. Such, gentle reader, was the manner of Jacob's death, and when I went up to Jacob's master, with the gore still running from my wound, and asked him civilly, "What the h-1 he wanted ?" I say when I asked him this, and in my mildest manner, too-he simply said " Oh, nuvvor throuble yer head, Tom. Ye sarved the dhurty varmint roight," and that was Jacob's elegy. This daring act of mine won me great celebrity in the township ; and while Duffy was mourning his pet in the solitude of his chamber, I was receiv- ing the congratulations of his emancipated family «r>/l />f fha »»¡»tiMira Tnlimiio nrlviRPrl me to ana or vue neignooura, ounumc auimcu "»c w hide the fowling piece for a week or two-" For, by ghost ! if you don't the old feller'll have a sly shot at yon," he declared. I did not attach any importance to his words, till Mrs. Duffy told me quietly that the advice was good ¡ and when I saw that she actually meant it, I took the weapon off the pegs where it hung and stowed it away under the mattress of my bed. I have no desire to retail anything of a sensational nature in these reminis- cences, although if I liked to do so it could truth- fully be done j so I will only say that before the week ended, an incident occurred that showed me she was right ; and that there were greater depths of real villany in the character of Duffy than I had ever dreamt of. There is one scene hore, which not even gold would tempt me to reveal-and from the date of its occurrence, Fat Duffy ceased to be my master. Let that suffice ! I have already given the reader a slight glimpse of Pat in the character of a Justice of the Peace ; but on the occasion I led him forth the reader beheld him, sober, mild, and merciful. Now I will show him in more familiar colours. ###### rpjjg cour(¡ jja(j j,een open for upwards of an hour, and about ton different mes- sages had come for Mr. Duffy to attend-each one more urgent than its predecessor. " No, we did not know where he was." " Sure he's not in the vineyard somewhere ?" '* Oh ! no-quite certain he's not there." " Well, have a look round and hurry him over : Mr.- is beginning to lose his temper, and the prisoners have been in the dock over an hour ; yes, yes, I know. Oh, it's all right ; give him a good plunge in cold water. I'll go and tell Mr.-(his brother J P.), that he's coming." I went in and soused Pat Duffy with another dipper of water, and having shook him to his feet I told him that he "must" go; and by dint of rough handling I at length got him to understand what was required of him. In an instant he passed from the " drowsy" state of inebriety to the " dog- matic" state, and shaking himself free of my detain- ing grasp (I was trying to keep him till he came to a little) he stumped over to the courthouse. The first case was a prosecution for "breach of con- tract": the defaulters had bound themselves to work for a certain party for one year, said party having paid their passages from the United King- dom on that understanding, wages IO3 per week, and rations, and the first ten months' pay to be retained by the employer to reimburse him for the oufclav in imrxirfcinf» fclipm. "R.PKiilr: nf fhi'c l.aimt.ifiil arrangement his white slaves "skedaddled" after two months of semi-starvation , police put on their tiack, caught, "Duffy," and so on I have so hesitation in saying that all my sym pathy bad gone forth to the two unfortunate priso- ners, and for ten days I had striven to comfort them as much as possible, and through the kindness of Mrs Duffy I had been able to give them several good meals, and other neeesstuies, in the lock-up From them I had got the story of thoir misery while ia the saw mills of-, and the treatment which had decided them to clear out, and in loturn I wa's able to inform them what they had now to expect Duffy had told me you see " Six months, be the holy frost ' not a mimt hss, an' they kin either do it by sarvin' fourteen months in the saw mill or six on the thrado mill Yis, Tommy, me bhoy, we'll show the new chums they won't run the ould sojer on us yet " Of course he did not think I was going to retail this story to the prisoners, but I did, nevertheless, and it delighted my soul when I heard both of them declare, We'll take it out in prison " This was the case against the prisoners, and for I proof of such cases being common, I can only refer the reader to the newbpapei reports of that time, or better still, to the testimony of men of his own acquaintance who may have been in those districts at that or previous time The newspaper repoits used to deal with the affair in this wise - CABARLAH POLICE COURT At this court, on Monday last, Messrd Duffy and Bounce, Js P, on the bench, two hulking, lazy lookmg scoundrels were sent to prison, for the period of six calendar months, for failing to fulfil their written contract with our worthy and liberal spurted townsman, Mr -, of-, said contract j binding them to work m that gentleman's sawmills for one year, and thus repay that employer for the money laid out hy him m paying their passage from England to this colony It appears the ungrateful rascals " bolted" from the works a few weeks after their arrival, thus adding dishonesty to their other crimes, but if such " cattle" fancy they can evade the vigilance of Mounted Trooper -, they will find they are reckoning without their host Our invaluable officer soon ran them down, and as the dishonest rascals did not attempt any defence, the above sentence was passed on thom. We sincerelv congratulate Mr -nnd Hu» police officials on the success of this conviction. Fiaud of this descripción is getting quite common, but we fancy a result like the above ought to have a salutary effect. We may state that the dishonest fellows got the option of returning to the mill, but they elected-such was their antipathy to honest labour, to go to prison. Many of my readers are, no doubt, familiar with such paragraphs j not now, thank heaven for it, but in the past such sycophantic pandering was very common. There was no redress nor sympathy then for the poor, defrauded victims. Such sharks as Mr. - could have them in hundreds from their, very often, comfortable homes in the old world, and by false and lying representations stock his mill or sugar plantation, or some other wealth- producing concern, with tbera ; and then when the poor, betrayed wretches found out the arduous nature of their employment, and the miserably degraded conditions under which they were expected to live, their hearts failed them, and the usual results fol- lowed. I have already shown these results. In mosteases therunaways went quietly back to starva- tion and white slavery; but some of the more spirited took the other alternative, and against such as these all the acidulated venom of our im- portant men was directed. Some of these digni tarieB eould hide this venom under the smiling mask of the hypocrite. But, alas, as the sequel of this reminiscence will show, my mercurial old boss | could not always do it ! In cases like the present he was always most severe, and when it resulted in the culprit deciding to " take it out," his magis-1 terial rage was something to remember. It was a direct infringement of the vested interests of his class, you know, and a dead loss to the lords of " cockydom." Also, he had serious doubts about the '. savarity of the prison thratement," and " besides what was the good av kapeing sech lazy rascals in idleness." Yes, there is no doubt Duffy did feel savage at these self-elected gaol birds, and on this occasion we were fated to witnesBan instance of his animosity. I entered the court in the train of my gentle master, who, having taken his Beat on the judicial "packing caBe," the trial waa proceeded with. The indictment was read over, and then Duffy, bending j a scowling look on the culprits asked them, " Are yez guilty or not guilty av the charge ?" The worthy man looked decidedly " frowsy" as_ he uttered this tirae-bonoured formula, and I noticed that the prisoners had great difficulty in repressing their mirth as they looked at him. They were both nice, cheery-looking young men, and as they were now quite cognisant of how the farje was going to end, they had determined to face it man- fully, and if possible have a " rise" out of the frowsy magistrate. They did not answer his ques- I tion, therefore, but looked enquiringly at one j another, and then at "the court," as if they did not comprehend. Then Duffy got up, and steadying himself the best he could, remarked : " Prisoners at the bar, ye yev hard the charridge agin ye ; d'ye plade guilty or nat guiltyto it, or do yez not mane to piado at all ?" " I'm afraid, your honour," said the oldest of the I culprits, " that we hardly catch your meaning. We are acquainted with no language but the English, so if you'd, please, speak to us in that, we'd be thankful. Jim, here, doesn't know what you mean by ' yez ;' do you, Jim ?" and Jim shook his head sadly; "and no more do I, your honour ?" j " Aye man ! an' that's yer little game, is it ? An' so ye think ye kin become ' fasayshus' at the expinse av this court?" Mr. Bounce was beginning to have his revenge on Duffy for the wait he had given him. He was also enjoying the thing amazingly, so he obstinately refused to interfere. "Now I'll give yez another «van chance. Are yez guilty ar nat guilty ?" "What does 'yez' mean, I wonder?" said Jim anxiously, as he turned appealingly to his friend, j " Try and think it out, Bob ;" but Bob only shook I his head, and Baid : j " What does he mean by ' wan' more chance ?" *' Your honor"- began Bob. But Duffy, whose face was now like a harvest moon with rage, cut I him short as he fairly howled : " Are ye goin'to plade ?" " He means ' are we going to gaol ? Jim wnis pered to his mate. " Tell him, for heaven s sake, that we are ; when he says ' plade' he means gaol. Go on," Jim continued, and all in the court could hear the noisy whisper, " tell his honor we mean to goto 'plade.'" . .,, , Duffy was now fairly convulsed with rage, and as the culprits rose and gravely remarked " We have decided to go to 'plade,' your honor, roars ot laughter filled the place. . Then Mr. Duffy turned to his obstinate brother, and, silence being again restored, he at once de- manded : " " Are ye laffin' at me, Misther Bounce ? " Oh, nonsense, hush ! not at all, Mr. Duffy ; tush, man. Ha! ha! Oh ! not I, Mr. Duffy. " Bud I say ye war, sur !" " Now really, Mr. Duffy. Oh ! dear, dear ! this is all very irregular. We will go on with the case, > if you please." ..... ». " Misther Bounce, I'll spake to ye whin this coorfc is over, sur. Yer a mane man, sur, so ye are, and beth er still, Misther Bounce, yer a cur, sur! an a a loir too, sur ! an' if it was'nfc that I have me dignity, an' the dignity av' this coort, to kape up, an' that I'm naturally cool in me timper, Misthur Bounce, I'd take ye-luk, see ! be the scruff o the nick, be h- fire ! an' I'd shoot ye out o that chair, sur !" and my angelic master fairly screamed in his excessive " coolness." Does any reader think the foregoing is untrue ? It reads like fiction, I admit ; but I truthfully affirm it is not nearly so disgusting as wa3 the reality. Mr. Duffy had often amused the " lumin- aries" of the neighbourhood in this way, and I soon ! found that an accession of uproarious mirth was the only result of his conduct. The court was soon again called to order, and the case duly disposed of, as hereinbefore prophesied. And as the prisoners were being removed for convey- ance to gaol, Duffy was dancing about on the court house steps, and shouting : " Now, d' yez ontherstan' me, I wunther ? Mebbe yez katch on what plade manes now ?" And other such exulting remarks. (To be confiiMied.) 