Athletics. By As ax. f. am plcasad to be ablo to toll my athletia frionds that the Hiborniau Society havo talceii into thoir consideration tho making of a propor ruuning truck, . should tho St. Patrick's Day celebration be' held at the Cromorue Gardens. Tho present track at tlioso grounds i3 not fit to nice emus cm, and sprinters should novor bo asked to spurt down a steep lull and round a corner such us is provided at fcho Cremo. 116. It is bad enough to liavo to do such things when ono is hurry ing away from n pudding-footed policeman. Already a number of sprinters are in train for the . good things 111 tho future— the St. Patrick's Day Ilaudiuap, tho Easter Handi cap at Emu Park, the Friendly Societies Handicap in May. I would draw the attention of all footballers at North Rockhampton to the advcrtisoiuont 111 another column signed by Mr. Molloy calling upon them to form a football club thore.' I think it a capital idea to have an exclusive club for the North Borough. It would, load an inter-towii intorost to the futuro matches, for woro ono olub started it . WOllld 1)0 Qlilv a mn.tihoi nP fima another would start, and the rivalry Would bo similar to that whioh obtains bobweon Carlton and South Melboiirno, and so on. Thero was a very largo attondauce jab the Sir JoBepli Banks grounds, Botany, on Mon day week;' on tho occasion of tho running of the seooud and third rounds, and the final ot the, Second Botany Gold Cup. There was groat excitement and very hoavy hotting on tho final, several men being strongly fancied and unlmsitatingly supported. .The final was won by F. Arnold, 25yds, 1 ; P. Doylo, 24yds, 2j 0. E. Armstrong, 23yds, 3; J. Westwood, 25yds, 4. Tho hotting was ovens v. Arm strong, 2 to 1 v. Arnold, 4 to 1 v. Westwood, 0 to 1 v. Doyle. It was a great race from tlio mark to tho finish. W. fliio start was offeoted, bach. man getting well away, but Doyle was tho . first to get into his- stride. He led Arnold a few inches half-way up the track, and at 40yds from home caught and passed Wojfcwood. . irqold fcheu spurted in fine stylo, and caught ..Doylo, and so eloso were the 111011 as' they breasted tho tape that a " dead hoafc" was the first thought. of tho spectators, but the juclgo's decision ivas for Arnold by a few inches. Tlio latfcoroortainly 0111110 vory fast at tlio finish, and got liomo liko a gamo 'un. Armstrong was only Oin behind - Doyle, and Westwood beaten off about a yard away. 'J.'ho rosult created groat oxoilomonb. -Thodircotsupportors of Arnold won bofcwoon £7000 and £8000. As it is not tho custom of the Sir Joseph Bnnks to tako timo now, there was no official rocord given. Arnold was ouo timo the second beat man-in- Australia at 150yds. That was in Jack Applott's tiino. .Ho was n grout match ruunor, and few men havo won more of those contests than ho lias.' lie is a native of Forbes, Now South Wales, and for fivo yours or so .had retired from footracing. Ho is now about 30 yoars of ago, and tho fatlior of a largo family. At a recent mooting of tho S.A. Cyclists' Union, tho' matter of the riding of inter colonial competitors at S.A.C.U. andS.A.C.A. combined October race gatherings, was again brought up, With reference to the motion oarriod at tho previous meeting, calling upon Messrs. T. W. uud J. W. U. Busst, J. 10. Fonlon, W. H. Lewis, and C. R. Wood to show onuso why thoy should not bo dis- qualiilol from again oompi-tiug in South Australia, letters wore road from all excopt Fonlon. It was rosolved — "That this Union consider the replies, with tho oxcoption of that of Mr. J. W, II. Busst, unsatisfactory." . This is how Senator Morgan, wlioaver ho may bo, oomos down on us.' Writing from Orogon on December -6, ho saye: -" No 1 doubt, you hove had noticed of our (Amorican Bicycle, 1 t:iim'H)'iiUi.jiiliqu W visit Ansfcraliav to cqmpetu in .rooos against' yoiir fiVito't"' niou; also, to introdiioo. to tho Australian public the wonder of tlio -.ithlo-'ib u-ntury, tlie champion ln>ly r>itiyoli„t, wlioio. j. 0.1 lorfnl speed and rlcp ii'tmont, I iqel lissiirqd,, will meufc with the approval of yoiir' peoplu, as tlie popularity oi' tlio lady riders iu great w liei-evm- tliey appear." l)-)iiiilil Diiiniu stiil continues to keep hofbre fclio public: '('ho otlior day lib and Duncan Itoss had a wrestling coufcosfc. in Melbourne. Ross won the Gnoco-Romtm ami Oafcolitis-cafcoh-cau . bou. und . Diuuie of cotirso the -Seotch bout, which1 so'ctiis always a certainty for him; for tliougli hn is so old. ho is, so strong that u'o one can hold him down.. Now Ross crown about jhocting ii.ii v tuuii in Australia at mixod styles. ' ' Beotfc, tho phonoinenal walltor; is dbiug tho. principal district towns- in Victoria. . Mr. E. Handel, wlib has beoii idohtiffuil as hntidicappor and starter witii'fobti'aces ami : with athletics gonorally; loaves for. a tiip lo bydnoy on Tuosday. Jfo is. nob!" in' good health, and all tho yonng pooplo cannot but wihIi Imn a Bpoody rocovory. , ; Godilard, tho Unrrior clinmpion, and Dooloy havo boon unablo to conjo to terms;; Doolev wants to fight , in Sydnoy, and will not go away from homo. ThorO is somo talk of Larry Foloy. goiter to.soo tho . fight in San Francisco botwoen uauiisoii auo isiuiivan if ovor it comes' off. Ho will, of course, second Jackson, -who he is novor tired of speaking of as his. pupil. Thore 1 was a timo Foley had not a gbod word for tho Nigger," as ho used to style him. Success in the fistic arena is much the Biimo as success anywlicro else, 1 . 10 Warwick runner/lias received ns £50 prize, and has forwarded a'11 offlrma- tion ns to; porformancbs. Ilopplor, tin- second man, donios tho accuracy of Sterne's alfirnmcion, and has commenced proceedings against him ns woll as against tho Broakfast Lrook Sports Company for paying over the monoy. . 'I-1 W- Busst, tho Victorian amateur cyclist is yearning to ontor tho protcssional ranks' Ho has ehallengcd any man on this con- tinonfc for £50 and upwards. Frank Mills of Sydney, is willing to accommodate him I ho runner named Payne, alias Foltham, who was disqualified for lifo by the - Charters iowoi'B Athletic Club, is thought to be tlie individual known horo 'as Taylor, but I cannot; say if . that is so. Information on .tins point would .bo vory acceptable Roberts, tho English billiard player, ii about to again visit Australia. Billiards aro popular in Australia/and Roborts, being able to form an opinion, from liia past ex- tho'dark WiU U<?t b ta,dnff loaP John Glonn; of -St. George, whoever he nmy bo, challenges any amateur boxer to light to a finish for anything ovor £25 Difforonfc pooplo have differont ways of looking nt a question. O'Kano says that ii bliivm liad devoted the same- amount of courage and strength in aiding to develop tlio wealth of ono of the Charters Towers mines, ho.would havo lived his life nobly, and loave the world the better for hi l)i'oabuc8 in ifc. ' ' ' A boxing match to a finish for £200 « u;,i.. '"ul r7, PZ nfc; ofJ gate took pl„,x. iU blew art s Ilall, Adelaide, on Monday week bofcwoon Charlie Dunn, of Sydney, aud Ju.i Ky an, of Adelaide. In tlio sixth round tla< Sydney boy . assumed tlie aggressive, and gob somo good blows home. In tho- ninth rouud Dunn scorned a bit fagged, but re covered iu the tenth round. In thoelevoni h both mon cumo up in determined fashion and fought on vory level terms. On Die opening of the twelfth round, after two m- throo blows had been exchanged, Duuu caught 1 ho local man a rogulnr stinger on the jaw, knocking him down ; and when hi< ton seconds had elapsed, ho' failed to'comi- to c .11 of tune, aud fcho fight was tborefo'r - givuii to Dunn, who should now bo iu fuii,L , Charlie must have losfheitvily over lus hght at Broken Hill with Goddard Tom Cannon, who was. out hero, aiid was Emd" I'7 Jaclc Con"01'' is boi»g lionised in England. One ot tho sporting papoi-3 re- joiccs that at last England has a champion at something lett hor. By tho last mail wo arc : intor.ncd that M. Lacaisso, tho mauug.,,- oftho strong men and wrestlers "now at tlu- lYostminster Aquarium, had issued ehulleugo to tho world on behaif of Eu-e j Bazm. Torn Cannon accepted tho chaUem-!). On the noxt day tho details were urraui-i!!'! '\v ?j?ays ,lf1tonvar(Js the contest can,.' off, with tho roault tlmt the Frenchman »;, , dof eated. and that fairly easy. Caiu.,m liad not .1 ghost of a show hero with Conn..,- who wa ; a stono.or moro lighter tlmu' him ' A m, - .ting was held at tho Three Crown. Hotul - uthe evening of tho 22ad iustunl Le the purpose of initiating a Quoit Club i was largely attended by lovers of tho "'1 ' about 20 being, present. ; A number"'-., „i wero unable to attend, intimated thrmi-'i some present their intention of becomin- members of the olub as soon at for,,.,.." Although merely "a preliminary inoetin ., .1 good deal of diseussion took place, and it was decidod that Mr. M'Gmuoss purehnso four sots of quoits of tho following weights -—hi) quoits, 51b, Clb and 71b. That gentleman his also in hand the preparation of two grounds. VW-3 y 1 ancl.11alycls respootively, aud in addition ho will put the vacant allotment adjoining the hotoWin good onW n... pursuance of the game. Tho ontranco fee proposed was 23j Od, with Is eaoh month subsequently, and tho'feelingwas unanimous that none but bona, fido members bo nm-- mittod to play, and thoso members o!il.v whoso subscriptions wero duly to hand The n -7n!1 ,7? ,nametl "TIle Kockhamptou Club. Tho funds will be expended in numerous trophies for tho competition of members, and a handsome trophy has beon promised by a patron of the 'game. The idea is to secure by praotioe somo ablo players to contest against other clubs oxisb- ing, or , in course of formation, at North hock liampton, Mount Morgan, Emu Park or at more distant centres if the elm! prospers. Thoro aro BOme fchriving:'oluh-: at Maryborough, Brisbane, &o.; A general niacuiug will be hold on Wednesday, '29t;h instant, to elect pormnuent officers, co'ih- unttee, &o.;,- and to givo further effect to the decisions of fcho meeting ot the 22nd. 