THESTORYTELLER. WITH WHIP AND WHEEL. By AGNES L. STORRIE. CHAPTER IV. !^"aI >n,et j the ma', and drew upas usual at Icomei ot ue t onice. The conoh was fe, 1u7ins»le nnd out, nn J « greatcloud of littam fI0in human heaving equine llanks and Siri f ro"c slight up into .he ir AW ilie east rosy tinees of icrisp il,r- " rttertlinir, but nbout tiie lower Fe TtTiosk~y the shadows of the night rfri Avon's bright eyes as they 8tl" j the forest ot curlma: brown hooked 1 - ew suddenly hard, for Kfd'o the iiSt BirliA *?« \M 'tiie bent form of tl,e ol<1 storekeeper or' ^frnmMie shop, and standing just wa«u«ed to Btanl, handed him up h .l.v- \V1.U did it mean? why did r5C «t roiile'' where was she ? He was hurt, ifdS v anil alarmed in a breath, yet he eVleiiily i'"'1 took from the knobby C ;,! ninn what l:e was wont to re tee i«m little llower like linger* and was £n uenoim oidrivingoil. when.'ookmgdown fcdp he saw her stap ling near the wheel, Kevfy- seeking his. '"Hie coach h lu lWide" she said timidly, and he saw tint |h hadali:n an<1 jacket on ; "can I set on the ton?" He did not spealr, though the Tbloodleant with a flash to Ins lace, and ma Ct beat quickly : he only BiRned tn the Cn near Inm to move up and make, room lmr her. He saw a small hand clinging to Itbe rail as the climbed up oyer tue oilier Uheel, saw her trightened glance around' Cestui on the foot-b< a d, then he drew Itack thegreat rugtliat was strapped across the feat, ami in another moment she wa» sitting Itauie him. I'P tlie steep rise, shiny with ?boar-frost epamles, down the Jong hill. Inept the curvetting horses, over bridge and ?bank, under arching forestl bough*, with Isellow Ehaits of sunlight shooting through ?the jky Ix-hind tliein, and shadows flitting like belated ghosts across the westward Jborizon. Away ui'.h roll of wheels, nnd Kasii of hoofs, an I the glory of rapid motion. Tit the faali-way stables u team of lresh nortes, Koof them young ones with eleelr coats presl) from the groom's) brushy and backward Ears betokening mischief, were harnessed to Itiie coach. Katie, white us n lily, sat clasp ED<; her hands tylit'y round the rail at the Jkckoi the seat. Alston louked down at her. ("Don't be afraid, I can manage them,'' he said Viily, as he eathmd up the reins nnd Cleverly fiu-trated an tlTbit on the part of one oi the leaders to climb into ?theomnibvi'. The little postnvs'ress'.who bad pone ot Miss i-'hr.pma»'s daring delight in [dancer, could not l<.ok at the plunging Ihotecs, hut lix^d tier eyes on the strong jbrown hands o: the driver. Up and down neatel the two colts, each maddened by the fcicitfinent of the other. A testy o'd sta;er in [tlsepuletockoffein-e at their n'lpnrl'ament' ry lfiiocei"!in.'>>, Lii i 1 .ack her ears and hi.'ked ?virion-ly; wu'.arii inside the coach screamed, ?and nieiMiu'si ie swore. .Oi l Mick and his leatellited let their pipes go out, and eto?d in Tthe roadway with mouths airepp, while Alston, ?aim and unmoved as a statue of bronze, sat Slipping the reins in his linn hands and con trolling, in spite of themselves the turbulent ?horses, "lie's a good 'un. that Alston," said IMick admiringly, as after repea'ei mtemp'sto Biedown, holt up a b.inlc. nnd l^an over each lother'eb.icks, the untuly you rgstei a succumbed ?to the force of circumstances, broke into |& 6wiu»iiv' not, and the coarh disappeared |toond a leml in the roid. " He's a good 'un, N Alston ; he understand; the ways of >om like as lie'd been a hoas hiaaeif. I ,wver seen a man handle a five-in-hand as [liedoes, and I've seen a many I can tell you." JUrrfew worJa fa^sed betwe-n Alston and |»u companion during the long drive that P«»6 only as they neared the city he ?looked down at her and said-" Are you 1 T°!?r.UD.,tllM'" this afternoon V" I its,' she replied, " I had to come down J® business-but I mu-t be back to attend to lttf ®»il to night." L" "^ave . the looking-office exactly at r pf, lie said, and that was all. L^n.catnc °" during the day, and by afler iv, "was piercingly cold. Kate lJerry as KJ"on the outside of the coach felt the la knifo" c»'i "irouRh her thin Rarments like TronnJ i' .81on had tucked the rug warmly Jnu. ,'ler '^t, and looked snug and comfort LS* woolly great-coa'. The lcam» 'n ear,y< and u dismal wind |As ho J0eilp,l1R,.thtouBi» the dark collies. K ked h°Tee up a little steep lover ii.d a, cuttihg threw a shadow fctew.lfr"' A,8ton stooped down and IWel»H?.! in^ Gut ot the boot. It was a P0Ea"pri t' f oa,£- 'brew it with his dis |tbe hkip r^u«d the slight shoulders of Pboatiipi. .,(ll!atre88'an(l drew it well down ?.itsaiil in " | hat will keep the wind out," 1%8-inr 1 vo'?e > " wi" you keep it al I'ta Eirl's Sf' ^ Ub1' ot r'cb colqur dyed Itliroot iimt Le 1cll®e'r. a lump rose in her I'ookine riLC lier voice, but Alston place of n?»n* caUi?llt the quick upward Itheir eye8, 'I'here were tears on ?had, in 8ni' "'f ^ was amply thanked. He lioticed i,." 0 ,"18. apparent careletsnesi, ?dainty neatnnL ,.°f her dreas, the line's atienHnn r e jacket that drew l^ainat th'. ^Jij !?m il8 ,llin inadequacy jjbe critu8o ®old' lhe well-darned texture of i!e that enn^iW!i' a.n^the little silk neck, fe "en Mi... ®lend,er fhroaU . He I'ld chilly nff8 ptnttn on frosty tnornings k toe in luvn!;0008 enve|oped from throat If^WB B®al8kin», with beaver ISttd round hpre^l,W^'Bl8, *n" a lonK boa Uf'-tiatasetoff ih ^r?;at" No doubt the rich Iai , ^ served n, uale beauty oi bet face, Itlon' thinW il llu.rP°se a,8u. and |!?.a Cl|J'draDer"Ai. i*' ,,lad e«hanj»d Inu, Wat[» clonic op i118 Btonth'a wages for l^tfeaa'a .K/0 P«t round the little poit. I^'V^'Bhted until ne,bj' one the P"* IS»w,^here wSe nn 1 ?8 th,e coach neared &>C5 «tF.i »eft-a farmer's |e dlfltejard ofhi«oiy0}V,Wltl16 6t,b 1 UlB 8^atp« and flats and the feelings of other people, rnd a £ *t man with a carpet bag who nodded drowsily on hisEent. Km if, enveloped in her ample fur, sat silent and contented, her little feet scarce reaching the footbonrd. Alston walked his hordes down the hill they were wont (o descend at a swinging tror-, and there WAB no mellow music to thrill thronge the silence. lie had no need to whistle to-night, he wa9 utter wildly happy, and he walked his horses slowly, (trudging every turn of the wheel, gloating like a miser over the little moments that were left before she would leave him. Yet .so strong was the taciturnity of his nature that he found no word to say, nnd only looked down upon the little cloaked figure by hia siile and was happy. But oil things come to an end. The briar bush waa passed, the white culvert crossed, and t lie coacb, creeping along with unaccustomed quiet, drew up before the llawly store. The tampan the window threw a narrow stream of light across the wet path and the horses' flanks, but the coach was in deep shadow, and Alston c<>u'd not see hia companion's face. Yet he knew exactly where, just below his shoulder, the brim ol her hat came, where under the dark lashes were the wistful eyes, and just a little lower down the curved scarlet lips, nnd there wns n desperate impulse in him to take the little lonely figure in his arma and hold it close, close against his heart forever and ] ever. A sudden passionate tenderness thrilled him from head to foot-he stooped in the darkness and kissed her. In another moment the old storekeeper bad lifted her over the wheel and she was gone, and when he turned, he saw her standing on the door step, The light from the shop-limp fell full upon her face. It was white as death, and there was a look of bitter anguish in the lifted eyes, lie caught up his reins, and swept out into tin: night, that mute glau.e of hers lying like leal upon his heart. 