Story Golumq. St. Outib.'feert's Towsr ITIio solo right to publish tliis story In Brisbano hus been purchased ny tho Tdcumph Newspaper Company from Cassell and OompaujVLondon and Melbourne;! CiUFCKtt II. — f Continued J.' : Br florence warden. Author of " Tho Hoimn on tho Maroli," AC. " Now you' v,o soon a'," said Mrs. "Wall, nther querulously. " An' t' lad down- tairs '11 bo wanting to know wheer to pat .' things.',' . . She' was " retreating with, her candle, when Olivia stopped her again. . .. "lib," she spiel, eugerly, " we've not seen all. There's a wing of tho hoaso we'vo not heen into at all ; and I can see through tho littlo window, on this side of it, some curtains, and a flower toss with something still in it. It doesn't look empty and deserted like the rest. I must get in there before I go down." But Mrs. Wall's old face had wriiikled np with superstitious terror, and it was only by force of muscdo that -the young girl succeeded in cutting off her retreat. " JTa," she said, her voice sinking to a croaking whisper. " I oanna' tnk' ye in iheor. An'— an' t' doors' aro looked,' yo see," she added, eagerly, as Olivia, still grasping her conductress's arm, iu vain tried the door at the end off the passage, and one on the left-hand side at right angles with it. "Well, hut why are thoy looked?" asked the young, girl, impatiently, her rich-toned, youthful voice ringing sonorously through tho long-disused pas sage. " Tho whole place is ours now, and I have a right to see into evory corner of it." " Oh, Miss'Olivia, perhaps we'd better go back — go downstairs — for to-day," suggested the littlo maid Lucy, rather timorously behind her. Mrs. Wall's nervous tremors tvero beginning to infect the poor girl, who was, moreover, very cold, and longing for somo tea. But her young mistress hud at least her fair share of an immovable ".British obstinacy. Finding that both doors were firmly looked, and that there was no key to either forthcoming, site flung the whole weight of her massive and muscular young body against tho door on tho left, until tho wood cracked and the rusty nails rattled in the disused hinges. " Mercy on us !" exclaimed Sarah Wall, petrified by tho audacity of tho young amazon. " Shoo'll havo t' owd place about our cars !" " Take the candle, Lucy," snid Olivia, imperiously, perceiving that the dip was flaring and wobbling in an ominous manner in tho old woman's trembling fingers. " Lucy obeyed, frightened, hut curious. termistres3 mndo .two more vigorous on- \- — slnughts upon the door ; the first produced a" great creaking and straining; at the second the door gave way on its upper hinge, so that the girl's strong hands wore able to force tho look with ease. Sito turned to the guide in some triumph. " JTow Mrs. Wall, we'll unearth your ghost, if thero is one. At any rate, wo'll get to the bottom of your mystery iu five .minutes." Hut sho did not. Pressing on to the end of a very narrow, unlighted passage in whichslio now found herself, Olivia came to a second door; this opened easily ' . and admitted her into a largo chamber, tho aspect of which, dimly seen by tho fading light whioh came through a small square window on her left, filled her brave young spirit with a sudden sense of dreariness j1 and desolation. v For it was not empty and lumber \- — like tho rest of the rooms sho had "Btrevvi., -. k forms of cumbrous, entered. Tito Utt— . dUri.rnililn old-fashioned juvtatitrtl wc«» in tho dusk \ tile heavy llfitlgiilgl or n huge four-post mahogany bedstead shook, as a rat, disturbed by the unwonted in trusion, slid down tho curtain and Bcurried across tho iloor. As sho stepped slowly forward on the carpet, which was damp to the tread, and peered to right and left in tho gloom, Olivia could sec strange relics of the room's last occupant ; the withered remains of what had been n hunch of flowers on a tablo in front of tho littlo window ; an assortment of H Christmas cards and valentines, all of design now out of date, and all thickly .-iCoyered with brown dust, fastened with pins on to the wall on each eido of tho ti '.high mantelpiece; oven a hook, a rail- .way novel, with its yellow boards gnawed ."'hy, the rats, which' she picked up rather """'timorously from the ilpor, whero, by this time, it seemed, to have acquired a con- secrated right to lie. Still advancing very slowly, Olivia reached tho opposite end of the room, where: her quick ,oyes had porccivod tho barred shutters of a second and much larger window. ' With Bomo difficulty sho removed the bar, whiehjhad grown . stiff and rusty, und, drawing back tho ' heavy shutters, revealed tho long, stone- i jnullioned .window;, with diamond panes, "which htid been 'such a picturesque . feature of tho houso from the outside. G:;.Tho thick, '.untrained ivy obscured one f end of it, hut enough light glimmered .through the' 'dirt-encrusted panes for ' ' Olivia to be now quite sure of two things, of which, she -felt nearly sure boforo, namely, that this was the best bedroom in tho house, and that, for some mys- tcrous reason, this chamber, instead of . .M'-beingdismantled like .the rest, 1 hud been — allowed to remain for a period of years . : almost as its last occupant hui left -it. Almost, hut not quite; for tho bedditig \- bod heen removed, tho covers to tho drcss- ing tablo undtho gigantic chest of drawers, "ufadthowhito curtains which had once T ,hung before tho 'shuttered window. ; . "' ' On the other hand, a host of knick- Inacks romained' to testify to the sex, the J approximate age, and the mtosuro of ro- .fi.'tjfiioment of the late owner.- M6rO''raU- .. ryway novels,- all well worn ; (lower yaseb, ' 7of un inexpensive kind ; two bund : niir- ; - tors'; one broken ; a dream-book ; a bow- . of -bright ribbon1; n handsome cut-glass . -scent bottle these tilings, among others, word as ' suggestive , to ' a photograph ; whilo tho fact that, this room alono hittl been studiously loft in its original state, and even furnished in accordance with it throw a now and more favourable light on the taste faf that mysteriously interesting somebody whose individuality mado 'itself felt across a lapse of years to tho wondor- ing newcomer. . Olivia Denison was not by any moans n fanciful girl. She had been brought up "by a stepmother — a mode of education littlq likely to produce an unwholesome forcing of tho sentimental tendoncios. Sho was, besides, too athlotic and vigor ously, healthy to ho prone to superstitious or morbid imaginings. But as sho stood straining her eyes in the fading daylight to tako in every dotail of tho mysterious room, tho panelling, whioh in this apart ment alono was loft its own dark colour, oecmed to take strange moving patterns, as sho looked; the musty close air seemed to choke hor ; tho faint orcukings and moanings either in tho ancient woodwork, or tho loose-hanging ivy outside, grow in her listening oars to a murmur us of a voico trying to speak, and miserably failing to rnako itself understood. She was roused by a shrill ery, and found Lucy, whoso fear for hor mistress had overcome hor fear of this desolate room, shaking her by the arm, and pulling licr towards tho door. " Oh, Miss Olivia, do eomo out — do come out! You're going to faint; I'm sure you are. It's all this horrid room — this horrid house. Oh, do come, and write and tell the master it's not a At place for Christians to come to, nnd lio'd never pro sper if iho was to come here, and nor wouldn't none of us, I'm positive. ."Do come, Miss Olivia, there' a dear. It's fit to ehoko one in here, what with tho rats and the damp, that it is. And if wo was to stay here long enough we'd seo ghosts, I know." Olivia laughed. 2so phantom lmd ter rors for her, however strong an impression linlf- guessed realities might make upon her youthful imagination. " Don't bo afraid, Lucy," slio said, encouragingly. " "We'll soon frighton tho ghosts away by letting in a littlo fresh nir into thoso mustv rooms. Hero, liolp me." Half reassured by her resonant voico, tho maid accompanied her to tho larger window, still clinging to her arm, but more for companionship than with tho idea of affording support to her mistress, who had recovered her self-command. Together thoy succeeded in throwing open both windows to their full extent, not, however, accomplishing this without a shriek from Lucy as a great bird flew out of the hanging ivy, nnd almost llappod against their fucos in his confusion at this unusual disturbance. Thoy both felt a sense of relief as the keen but fresh outside_ air blew into the long-closed room, dispersing the mouldy, musty smell of damp hangings and decaying wood. Even the old woman, who had stood all this tinio in tho doorway, annarcntlv enirnsod in muttering incantations over tho tallow dip, but really transfixed by this audacity of young blood, drow a long breath as the rush of fresh air reached her, and gathered courage to ask " what they were after doin' now." "AVe're 'after' ransacking every corner of thisoldghostrun, turning it upside down and inside out, nntl chasing away tho last shadow of a bogey," answered Olivia, cheerily. " Hero's another room to look into." Crossing the room with a light stop, sho opened tho door of tho second of the elosed-ttp apartments. This cham ber hnd also escaped the dismantling of the rest of ths house, but it contained very little that would havo been worth taking away. It was lighted by three small windows, all much broken, and all hung with limp rags that had once heen muslin curtains, gaily tied by with blue ribbons, which were now almost colourless with dust and dam). The door was covered with matting, which smelt liko damp straw, and had evidently afforded many a meal to the rats now scurrying behind the woodwork, which in this room was much decayed and in for from good repair. A plain deal table, from whioh the cover had boon removed ; two limp wicker chairs with ragged cushions, tin empty bird cage, a fanciful wicker kennel for a lap-dog, these were nearly all that was left of tho furniture. " Sllvflt Inspected cvommus but silent interest, and' then turned sud denly to Sarah AVall, who had again followed them as far as the door, .prefer ring even tho eerie passage of tho bedroom to solitude outside. " Who lived in these roams last ?" she asked. Hut tho enndlo Pearly fell from Mrs, AVall's hand as, for'Ull 'answer, sho with-' drew into tho desolation of tho dcscrtod bedroom rather than face tho eager ques tioner again. Olivia was not to he put off so easily. Site followed procipitately, and, changing the form of her attack, said — "How long is it since those rooms were shut up, Mrs. Wall?" Tho gttido's eyes shifted about, refining to meet thoso of the young girl. " Two yeitr ; same as rest o' t' house," site answered, in a grumbling tono. " Only two years? It wasn't shut up long before the" family went away, then ?" said Olivia, inorcdulously. " Yot as Ah knuwa on," answered Sarah AVall. Miss Denison hated an untruth with tho impetuous loathing of an honest nature. .Site would Intro liked to shako this wretched old woman, who would not he candid on n subject which could not bo of tho slightest importance to her. Perhaps hor companion got an iukliitg of this information, for she turned and heat a hasty retreat along the narrow passage which led from tho bedroom to tho body of the house. Olivia did not at once folio tv her. ; With a curious reluctance, whether reverence for a dead past whose relics she was disturbing, or fear, of some shock which its revelations might bring her, she scarcely knew, tho girl- picked up one of the dust-begrimed novels; nnd looked at tho 'title-pagc. . Hut there was nothing .written on it.: Sho opened three or'four more of the novels with the same result. By this time it was growing so dark that she had to hasten her movements for fear that' when at -last a , cltio was found sho might be unable to distinguish the letters. Haying - in vain . examined1; every hook upon' the, table)' "she 'Continued to explore until fihu found, on'a, 'small. hanging hook- sholf in-an obscure cornor , of the roopr, a little pile - of devotional works— Bible, hymfl bookj ' Bogatsky'e , " Golden Trea sury," "» tiny' "«« Dlily Portion," rind a prayer- book. This last was on tho top of all. As Olivia opened it, there foil to the floor tiny dried scraps of 'flowers and fern. Turning to tho flyleaf, and carrying tho book in haste to tho window, sho found these words written in a round schoolboy hand— " Ellon Mitchell, from hor affoetionato brother Yed." - And a duto of oightoon years back. Olivia replaced tho prayer book on tho sholf, and loft the old room without further delay, followed by Lucy, who had remained closo at hand, but discreetly silent, during thoso investigations. When they reached tho outer end of tho passage, Olivia glaucod with somo curiosity at the older door sito had so roughly broken down, and as sho did so, somo letters, writton in poneil high on tho upper panel, caught her eye. AVitli somo difficulty she mado out a date in July 10 years before. " I wondor," sho thought, "whether that is the date on which tho rooms wore locked up. If so, it was eight years before tho last pooplo left tho house, I know. And their name was Miteholl. AAThom can I a9k to toll me tho story ? And, having forgotten cold, fatigue, and hunger, in tho interests of her dis coveries, Olivia Denison made her way slowly down to the ground-flour again, whero sho caught Mrs. AArull in the act of slipping out at tho front door. to us continued to-uohbow. 