DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Bishop preached at: the 11 o'clock Mass at the Dunnstown Church on last Sunday. Owing to the inclemency, of the weather the .previous; Sunday a number of the Catholics of the district were unable to take part in the meeting which his Lordship' had held at the Juncli n, for the purpose of taking steps to .provide a suitable residence for the Bey. J. J. Cleary .and J. Keating, when the large amount, of i5614 (as I . have already mentioned) was subscribed. On Sonday those Catholics of the Dunnstown district who had been absent from the previous meeting.: contributed about #300 more, : The i-Bishop will . visit Clark's Hill, another portion of the new parish, at an early date, and address the Catholics of that district. A very pleasant reunion of: the: altar boys of the Cathedral and St. Alipms, Ballarat East, given by the Bishop, took place at the Library, Dawson-street, on Tuesday, the 9th inst., about seventy being present. The room was tastefully decorated for the occasion. His Lordship presided, the Very Eev. Dr. Delany, Eev. Fr. Logan, Bro. Kyan, and the other Christian Brothers (whose pupils were the guests of the evening) being also present. An abundance of good things was provided, to which the boys did ample justice. It was a real treat to witness the kind and affable manner in which the Bishop went among the tables encouraging the young folic to enjoy themselves, and the pleasure he took in serving them himself. After the repast the following programme was gone through:—Piano solo, " The Band on the Pier," Master John" M'Menemin; "Blossoms and Spring," Master Michael M'Menemin j " The Grand March," Master Frank M'Menemin. The three brothers M'Menemin played also a trio in excellent style, which elicited the heartiest applause, as did a violin duet with pianoforte accompaniment, rendered by the same young boys. The following selections on the pianoforte were also ;iven during the evening :—" Un Eeiie le Ciel," Master James Hayden ; " Carnivale de Venice" (duet), Masters Thomas and Art. Smith; "TheMelodies," Master E. South. Master Fred. Hagar recited and sang "The Man with the Monkey " in grand style ; Master Wm. Young recited with good effect "The Battle of Hohenlinden ;" Master John Kinihan and James Cannon gave Lochiel's Warning" in character; song, " Star of the Sea," by the choir; part song, " I Saw from the Beach," choir; solo, " A Lock of Mother's Hair," Thos. M'Donnell; "The Green Fag," (part song), choir ;*"]Iillaloe," Master F.Noonan; "Home is the Best" (two parts), choir; part song, "God Bless the the Pope." At the conclusion of the programme, Masters Art. Coghlan, J. Bone, and F. Dolan (three little mites, with green sashes and rosettes) came forward, and presented the following address to the Bishop, which was read by Master Arthur Coghlan :— To his Lordship the Most Eev. Dr. Moore, Lord Bishop of Ballarat, We, the members of the Altar Society, beg to approach your Lordship to convey to you our heartfelt thanks for the kind, generous, and fatherly manner in which you have entertained us here this evening. . . . We are , already aware of the successful efforts and of the many sacrifices you have made to secure for us the blessings of a truly Christian and religious education. . . . We trust that by steady attention to our duties as acolytes, •aud general good conduct, to merit further proofs of your Lordship's kindness and goodwill towards us. . . . Wishing your Lordship many years of health and happiness to rule over this important diocese and to adorn the high position which you so worthily fill in the Church of God, We have the honour to remain your Lordship's dutiful and devoted children, Signed in behalf of the Altar Society, ABTHUB COGHLAN. JOHN BONE. FBANCIS DOLAN. The Bishop replied in very feeling terms, and said that their beautiful address had taken him by surprise. He could not remember having ever enjoyed an evening so much as^the present one, and regretted that .their parents were not present to share in the happiness he felt. He thanked them for the musical and literary programme which they had given, which had been rendered in excellent style, and which gave him and bis friends present the greatest pleasure. If the boys could -get the consent of the Christian Brothers he would often give them a party, and hoped they would have a. more suitable hall on the next occasion. His Lordship, in conclusion, piassed a high encomium on their excellent teachers, the Christian Brothers, lie gaid that from the first day they entered the diocese till now they had not ceased for a moment to give unqualified satisfaction to himself, the priests, and the parents of the children attending their schools. His Lordship having colled <for three cheers for the Christian Brothers, resumed his seat amidst applause. A vote of thanks having been passed to his Lordship for his generous hospitality and his kindness in presiding, a'very pleasant evening was brought to a close by the singing of " Happy are we to-night, Boys." ..'.•; ; The friends of the students., oJE the Holy Ghost .College, Ballarat, will be glad to learn of the success of their football team at the competition whioh has recently taken place:- The college has gone through the seasoii ; without, .buffering a single defeat for the premiership; and for so young an institution to gain thife against all colleges \and public schopis, and especially against the Ballot Gpllgge, WA? bave helaJthe coveted honour for maiiy years, is indeed highly •ereditable-v- •TKe:;i^layers. are^a jfiue, inanly set pi yORng: fellows, ana their success is mainly to be attributed to their general obedience to the directions in training of their professors, Frs. Brennan and Schmidt, who were ever untiring in their exertions oh behalf of the boys. 