Mites which Attack Vines. Recontly, as wo noticed in last week's number of this journal, renewed interest has been attached to mite-", &o.;, which attack tho roots of grape vines. The ravages of the phylloxera insect in our own and the vineyards of othor countries has no doubt led to these investigations. For insects to attack vine roots is, however, no new thing in this colony. In the first numbor of the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL ovor issued, there is a lotter from Mr. Juies Joubert detailing tho ravages of an insect, which ho believed to be identical with the Phylloxera vastatri.v, on vice roots at Huntor's Hill. Even boforo this day, and many times sinco, wo have records ol insects attack ing vino roots in various parts of tho colony, but it waB not until tho outbreak of phylloxera at Camden m 1885 that any general interest waa taken in the matter. There can bo no doubt but that other insects have boen mistaken for the phylloxera insect !>y more than one investigor in Australia, and there ia also no doubt but that there are other insect* which prey on vine roots as well aa the phylloxera, and which as yet have never been properly identified and classified. In 1H87 we received from Dalwood, Hunter River, a number of insects on the roots of MITES WHICH ATTACK VINES. FIG. 1.-THE BEETLE MITE. FIG. 2.-THE KOOT MITE. Magnified 80 times. 1 vines and on the roots of the mulberry tree, which were very destructive, and which we have found on vine roots many timeB since in various parts of tho colony. These we submitted to the investigations of Mr. F. S. Crawford, Adelaide, South Australia, to whom we are indeb od for the following illustrations and report, which first appeared in the JOURNAL in 1887, and which we here renew fur the information of our readers. Tho following is Mr. Crawford's report : The microscopic slides received are of two families of mites ; one an Oribatida, or beetlemite (Figure 1), lound just neneath the bark of the larger roota ; the other a Rhizoglyphus, or ruotmito (Figure 2), taken from the interior of nodu'oa found on the smaber I roots of tho vines. Tho ordinary prooess of " mount ing " an insect for microsoopio examination causes it I to bo squeezed quito flat, to tho detriment of its ! joints, &c;, which became more or loss displaced. As the insect is also rendered transparent, it makes it often difficult to detect tho relative position of parts which lie in the same lino of vision. Hence tho effect is much the same aa what puzzled Scrooge when, through the wa'stcoat in front, ho beheld the two buttons at tho back of the coat of Marley's ghost; and we have only to imagine the ghost reduced to tho thickness of a sheet of paper to make the analogy complete. Owing to this peculiarity, Figuro 1 is somewhat puzzling to understand ; because, although intended to represent the insect as seen lying on its back, it yet shows parts which would be quito in visible wt-re it alive. This particularly applies to the month organs, which aro in nature arranged in tho opposite way to that which they appear in the draw ing. That is, tho parta shown as immediately in front aro really at the back. It was necessary to draw them in this way in order to show thom in one view, which otherwise could not have been o'early done. In a paper intended for the general reader- it would be oat of keeping to enter into minute scientific details. Suffice it, then, to say that this mite diffère in many respects from the ordinary type of its family ; and that it Í8 probably closely .allied to the genuB flbplopTiora, . From an economic point of view the subject is in* foresting1, because the Oribatida are not supposed to be inj rb tts mite-». 1 hoy i re said gen ra y to lead a vagabond and solitary existerc, Irequentingmo-ses' and the sheltered banks ot water, or t e under ) arts of atone* on hnmid soil. Ono species has been Hocused by Cm tis of injuring fruit treos. But a French authority a-sortj that he has obsorved the i-amn mito living on the et'gs and larvra of other mites, and of thrips, &c.; ; so tint they may be con« si ierod bénéficiai rather than injurious. The genus Hoplophoru has be«n found at the roots of vines both in En.dand and America ; but it is not men tioned on wh»t it lives. 'lho RhizofjlyphuB (ficrnro 2) is an undoubtedly pernicious mi'e. It differs lrom an Oribatido in being Bott-r odi* d, like its near ally, the clu-ese mite. IIB mouth organs nro very different from those ol the beetlemite, as an inspection of tho two figures will show. The legs are short and stout, with a powerlul olaw, and one or more spikelike processes ht the ex tremities. These aro t dmirably ada) ted for tearing vegetable tissue. No mention is made in Murray's " Aptera" of its creatimr nodules in vine roots. One ' [species has been described by Riley ns associating j with tho phy loxera in both Eu ope and America, I upon which it bas been sui g sted that it feeds. If j thesd nodules are ca fed by tho mite, it is very ' important. At the same tiuo, as nodulos are one of the characteristics of the presence ol phylloxera, a most carefulexami: ation shou d bo mario (if not dine already) to detect tho presence of the pest, «hen, if not discovered, tho life history of this mite should be specially Btudicd, 