WHERE DID THE ' GHOST IDEA' I COME FfiOM? (LOKDOX .SPECTATOE.) j Xiady Welby has been xexy badly, .reported,' so badly that it ' is difficult to decide from the condensed account of ^ in Tht Time* whether she was on the side of the materialists or on that of the angels. It is evident, however* even from that report, that the question she raised, before the British Association of Leeds, was one of tho first intellectual importance, and one which, though reft ncw^ has never, we believe, been quite ade^d&ely- UiECussed.; She asked whether those who believe that human thought, like man himself, is a product ! of slow evolution continued through entire , eyelet? of time, recognise one ^reat ' break' in the process, or, if they do not recognise it, i how they account for the intrusion .of the ?'ghost idea,'. The goveruine notion of those who consider that the human intellect is a result of evolution, is that man slowly accumu lated experience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, audi by meditation, arrived , at last at abstract ana non-material thought. He considered the effectof revenge, for example, and its operation in tribal sosiety, till he arrivedat the idea of just revenge, orr«iaswe of justice; and finally, his horizon ever widening, at tile lofty conception that forgiveness might occasionally, or even frequentty/be more to the general advantage, or, in other words, might be nobler, and therefore to be adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unexplained — for instance, the original dicffiulty why one par ticular animal should have advanced bo far while the remainder continued stationary — but .still, it is in away scientific, forit is supported by a great array of facts, and does, if accepted, explain a great many of the phenomena* Much of thought is certainly a result of expe rience and observation, and much more may be ; and if we allow limities^ time, and concede that man forgets very little-1, -a concession, by the-way, wholly at variance with his known historv — we mav extend the rfisnlfc of teachin? by experience until it covers'nearly the whole field of humau intelligence. It does not, how ever, cover quite' the whol^ field. There is always one prodigious 'break/' as Lady Welby calls it — namely, the intrusion of the ' ghost idea,' using that term either to indicate the whole bodv of beliefs about the supernatural, or the special conceit that man will live again. How did that iancy crecpinto man's mind, and at lastassume its dominance there V Clearly he cannot have derived it from experience. He ccrtaiuly did not live again himself, even in the tertiary period, and it does not lie iu the mouth of purely scientific men to affirm that he any evidence that anybody else did. What evidence could he have V Of course, if he actually saw or heard or smelt the shades of persons who had returned from another state of being, he had evidence upon which to construct his theory ; but there is no one in the full light of science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibility of any occurrence of the kind. Nobody in scientific belief ever saw a ghost, or heard a ghost, or 6melt a ghost ; and how then did the ghost idea come in ? how, that is, did a belief opposed to continuous human expe rience geuerate itself in the human mind? Most illusions are the consequence of a mis understanding of phenomena; but iu instance there are no phenomena to mis understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could even remotely tend to induce reception of the fallacy. No animal lives again, and no. vegetable, except in its original form, and with its original quali ties. There was, m fact, a sudden break .in the I development of the human mi£d; a sudden step back, as Lady Welby says, from the process of I induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of nonsense in fact— a step all ' the more remarkable because it cannot have I conduced towards survival. On the contrary, 1 it must have tended to waste the mental powers \ of those who made the step, as well as their ; time, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to have j given to the better and stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantage in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this world more endurable to them selves. lt was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to have perished as victims of a mental {disease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for continuous pro gress, and are now more gifted than any other division of the human species. What is, or -vin be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the explanation of that r Itmay be 6aidthat primitive man was subject, like the modem man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in oneway correct. Man was pro bably very slow to separate the evidence of dream from the evidence of fact. The native of Guiana, Sir. Jim Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream is part of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, on waking, -assail you with a violence which, to his victim, or intended victim, is quite inexplicable. But thai, how did the. ghost idea £et into-, the *dreafcns ? People dream odd things, but they d&Bot; dream absolutely new things—that is, jmngs not only outride thwr fexpeEiat.ee,' but ^uta&e; flift imMwiafa'tm aarrfrtnaj frori. the coQicted results of experience eitto per sonal or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless he pre-, viously conceived of -spirits or angels or. devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantasti cally, but not actually creating out of nothing Otherwise man would have self generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, and the evolutionary hypothesis would neces sarily go to pieces. And even if a man did in a dream see a spook, and get the notion that it ! was himself or another appearing after death — 1 a very wild supposition— why should that par- ! ticular dream, unsupported by general espe- i sience, And, indeed, opposed to general expe rience, be the one dream which mastered the world ? It would not explain anything to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort ; for if we know anything about savages — and we know very little — it is that the' ghost-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did he single out an un comfortable dream-bom fantasy, to make of it an important motor in his career, a career of which all the rest consisted in utilising slowly accumulated knowledge of actual aim recur rent facts ? The occurrence of dreams will not explain the ' 6tcp back,' nor will the theory, once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whence the fear of what had never happened? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, stall less to cause so tremendous an effort of the imagination's the existence of life after death. Grant Pope's notion 4he savage fean the thunder or the tempest till he recog nises in them some power above himself, and 'still there is no relation between that fear, which, moreover, ou^ht to have' weakened' and not strengthened him, and the notion of a future state which he had never seen cr heard of. The lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The converse idea is better 'than that— namely, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desire ' for a happier life; but that also explains very lictle. why did that particular wish jwv*™? j so concrete as, in the teeth of all experience, to. become a faith f No other wish did, not even the savage's greatest with of all, for more easily procurable food. We do not tiunk much of the argument to which La ly Welby appears to at tach force, that no other animal has been victimised by the ghost-illusion, for we do not know in the least what think; -and so - for as we can see, man is the only animal who accumulates thought- experience, or, indeed, except in the most limited degree, any experi~, ence at alL But, confining the argument to man, what made him accept a weakening illu sion, contradicted by every fact of which he or his fathers had any cognisance ? He believed ina thing which he had never seen or heard of, ahd for which, through all the cycles daring which he was accumulating from experience the materials of thought, he had no eviaenoe what ever. Why? ' , I To us, and we suppose to all Christians who : have thought upon the anbjeefc, thofe appear to ! t»e only two reasonable answers :£d\th&t;^qties- tion. One, which in ^ractico is, lof course,* quite futile, isthat primitive manabtuallyhad evidence that he had seen or heard aj^ some time or other that which inspired cohvi&oa; in his mind* He became as sure of another life as of the action of sunlight, and for the same reason, because he had watched its manifestations. This, which was the universal theory of the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, we quite admit, a purely con jectuial hypothesis. vVTe know little, except by conjecture, of the experience of primitive man, notnjng whatever of his mind, and, above all, , nothing whatever of his thoughts about things non-material* He may have had a great many, ; as some existing savages have, or he may have had cone, as seems to bethe case— and possibly only seems — with -some of the very lowest tribes* He may have been closer to the in virible world than we are, as the legends of all races affirm ; or he may have been, as the modern are supposed to be, much further off. There can be no evidenfi^An- tbe subject, and, except as an intellectual exercise, it must always be useless to discuss it.,. r The - other answer is thai, whatever the trnthabout the evolution of thought — and pait of the theory is almost visibly true— some thoughts must be intuitional, must, that is, have been generated in man originally by some external power, -girthing is self -generated; and yet they do hot spicing from experience,*Which, in fact, so far as material experience is concerned, ' denies and refutes them. The fintof thoae thoughts— it is not the ..Only one— is that idea of the future ctate to which Lady Welby refers as the great'bcgbk' in tbe evointip& -of tnind, the conception whl^ shouldhave bitfdened Us Wfltpiwnh in tfaa gwatptt, m-3 thenyhut which, on -snip contrary, on evidence admitted by mBfiwraTiitSj made them run the faster* That thought -iterfcunly .did not'oome from experience; and lf did not, 'Mat fteonmes of- eyolntion aa a ibwyy fully the exists&oe; of tbe patent mind o? man? 