floveHst. * THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; . or, ,] - ' 7 . Lady Clietwynd's Spectre. ... ? - Br Mas. Harriet Lewis. *. CHAPTER XXI. V... . 'JWPOOB HAVES or REFUGE. \- -Berhieehad no clearly defined plans on \- leaving the* hotel* ... She .knew no one in London. She knew nothing and sospected nothing of the wickedness thatlurks on every side in the great metropolis. She bad majiey, and in her simplicity sbe-imagined that she would easily find a home in that great wilderness of bouses. But how. to find the desired home she6 did not yet know. She' joined the tide of shop girls, and walked on toward Regent Circus in the gray chill of the early morn : ing. . She wandered on, houcafUthOur, bearing ? her travelling- bag, No one seemed to notice * - her. The few people whom ..she met appeared absorbld fn-their own affairs, and bestowed .- scarcely a passing glance upon the veiled and c ^lender young figure that trudged so wearily . ^ onward. . M It is time that I found lodgings,' thought \- . - . , - Beijape, with a horrible sense of her loneli ness creeping upon her.. 'I must procure them immediately. -It would be terrible to . have the day wear-on and the night' come' and findxne..sbeltcrless.' , - ~ But the* task was not sc easy- as it seemed. . . There wpre placards in plenty' in. windows \- signifying that the houses to which they per tained were to be let.. And there were little ? ? ' yellow bills and pieces of whitfe - paper in ? --? . other, windows, With the legend, *4 ApaTt .. . menls toh&t;' but the'houses were for the most part dingyand cheerless, of. the cheaper lig&of; lodging-houses, and Beruicc recoiled t . Irom the froway beads at tb'e. windows, the broken- pages of glass, and the slipshod fnaids .. on the steps. ? 1 She turned* From ;Sne street into another, ? growing mope fired and less ffast/dieus rat ^»'«ery efep.;.; V . ''J.' \- : At noon, DesrJy ?ifiaustc.I, -sbe went into a putry- cooL's Blir.p-r.nd listed tor a .cup of tea and a roll. - . -Terse ivcre^.tipjilied ber and -)ie wu given n Uiftir, tfut'sbcliilcmaiids in that quirterof .'Kemisii ToWn w^re np-~ parent)? ii-^numeypu«£:iiiidxlJtiii£»g Leraclf (o be an cimida-'abic cnnosity to' tbc.'eSmWe4p&:cnd'»iRgli'at'.. . _ tendant. . * On pajnnirher'.mifl biH.'-it'thV-Vtronler, ?be ioqoiredil lodging, were t. be' obtained, in the nclgbborbood, adding that, Abe iros n* . 7 etranger'dojjohdon.'and eoijl^; bot giya're'. ? — -V, -ferencea. -/'? r.. ' 'There arc. l/Mgu^io^bo.-Vstflh: the.' vneigbborhood.-Mij^plew jjj^ewJrfepIUd. the»hopkcepj|j^w5s^hitic(!«.Ar'-^cner. ally required. .TtoCe-lMging'b^fte brepere may be .wtUipgi?^hO*-pa»; .;n'A-I vaneo in. . - . . «tc«d,.-.^*y',unjbgra'l^(^r^eu£liynpt 'to be batting JtnereV dangert afclpe«ls;faS&fo;«wr6tjr Blde tor . - beoafitol-o^«iS^i»i^fl«-/aiitHbe- looked-atitu scontpiMHlltlltis.. hitereAt'dtitbe pure, pvIebU&tfred;'face^litnp'by daHc.boV-' jowful . ey.-*r?;«Av fyrfron/ittj: Vreal'lady,' HlM...:-youi'«iIrdy; oogbt {rienda ?y nmewbitje,'1' ., , . \- 'M/J&e;&toXitf;&fte.-IUritefy; b'i : lip. qalrcring, -,4,ZTf.Mbcr iw'.e minister \- ? . (it tbe-flcollieb. K1flr, j'fanr alone Jn-'iMe world, mxdatn, alid amieojje. lrerb .to. earn my-oro.lirln&'rLwanl.to'getlodgingo while I aeeka'jritaotton'a^gjTenj^ji.V ... ? ? Tbe'ebopkeejer'Til^Itateu. Sbo ija.a'n elderly wemany irltb.^.diwb'ere ot'b'crVDjfn; She .aw tbat Bora|ce.-a4a».traR^r to Li)ji. don w»y», tb'a't-J)e.'ece;aed.til;e n pilptl f/eib' . ? from »con*etrt:or pfiwo'or;etid3l.»ecli«loi)', and .betrembled-ot tljepilfalla tlittt liy l^e tore one «-) Ipnoeetif. eo; ue»uipecHug,.«nd ?o goltoleae.-'i'.'-Vt'-?. 'I bellcTOrin you,.UI-»,'?tbe.Wraiir) .aid, abruptly, after n Iqn'ir-'»-ef,pbttiB (exa tiiiy of \- . tbe lovely, Caltiruadc^ fnee.. t' l'm not a' . iKrsbn co.iljr taken lri, ni people will tell you, . but 1 believe (h'youjnnd I'll tell youof arei I apeetable lodging bouu wbcrc'yoii may put V n ruom, It'a.oiound tbe rorner iii Viotoria 5 U-iod, Jt'i ke'jVt+vyt b'yery good cu.topier ol ' mine, n woman tbatVinjvlc a pretty .jicuny, (bo'.a little qurer. JIIrf, but bcr ludgaiaafc. all retpectable, and '|be' Uiiiiae l- that. neat you mlgbt eat oft tbe'Idtelien floor, '.iTfie woman', namo I. Uri,' Hlr,rp„wb|4b effirji 1i .alto bcr nature;- If yod pay In ntlvance.nnd dell bit I.aent you, wbic-r rny ittrea 0»d», I know jbc'Il 'do Well .by, j ou^iiVJbng. ia» your mon.y4aat-, - And you*can't -*p-et .trangera to do for.you uo' kiagcr,' you know. Ulii,' . . . Bernlce niaenttd; and, obtained the mldvea a ?of Mra, Sharp, and tbtn, tbankipg the abnp. Iteaper, act out In aeareb of Mra. Bharp'a j : Jodglng-bouao, . . ' ? Turning the adlaeent - corner, llernlee fonnd betaelf In Vlclorjn Il iad, n dingy \- . alreet lined with row. ofdull brlck liouiea -, Here, aa elaowhere, wero plenty 'I apart. rnenta to let; bnt young My C'liclwynd ,ireiid on to number furty-two, Mm, tllmrp'a \- rtaidence,' It teal n corner buuao of the ? ... row, and preaented a brighter ami cleaner nppearance lban7 III nolglibora. Tbe atone step*' were very clean, tiio windowa wero olt »potle«,;»nd the ,brv* Itnnqlter wui t, pollahed like gold, ' JJernlco aoutnJod.tbc M knocker twiocor tbrlcebeavlly.' ,,'s' tk Mrt«it.|ii«fd jMmii ted ' ber inia'n ; eery ^Jert^eaitodtor 'Mra. bos ami the very essence of respectability per*;' vaffed it. , A heavy step was heard in the narrow, oil-clothea ball, and Mrs. Sharp entered the 'presence of bcr visitor. - Bernicc ^ rose and bowed courteously, stat ing the object of her call. Mrs. Sharp listened till Bernice completed her statement, and their coldly said : 'So Mrs.-Gibbjoss sent you to me, and you have no references? X pride 'myself. Miss, upon the respectability of my house, and* 1' shouldn't feel justified in taking in a young person without references.' 'Bat I am a stranger in London,' said Becnice, with gentle sweetness and a shadow of pleading in. her fresh* young voice. tuI am very tired, madam, and X long for a place in which X can rest. . My father was a minister of the kirk. He* has recently died. ! I must earn my own living as a governess, and it wilf be of advantage to me to give as my address a very respect able lodging-house. I will pay you in ad vance ' , ' I prefer gentlemen,' said ' Mrs. ? Sharp, showing signs of relenting. 11 They can get tbeirmenls, all but breakfast, out.' 'I am willing to get my own meals» madam,': - , - 'Ifyou can-wait on yonrseif and cook your own meals— not. in my kitcbep, though —and lean pay in advance, and have no company, and. live quiet, and are not out evenings, why, then,' said Mrs. Sharp, ' X don't know but I'd consent to take you in.*. But one thing must be understood: When your money is gone you must go away quietly, without a word. Is . that a bar gain ?''[ . . ' Yes,'1 said Bernice, ' I agree to all tbi?.' . ' Then you can cofiie this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffep on. You can get meat^ roasted at the pastry-cook's. Will you look atyour room ?' . ' If you please, madam.: I— I should like toatay now,' said Bernice, bravely, although her checks flushed. 'Indeed !' exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. ' Where is your luggage 7' - 41 All I have is in this bag,' answered Ber nice. '.I am poor, madam—' ? 44 Hum? 'I Bhonld think so. Myroom is sixteen shillings a week in advance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if yon want to see the room come up.' Bernice assented, and Mr?. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and ushered her into ihe front room, which contained few, if any, comforts be yound tbe barest necessaries of existence. But bare as was the room, Bernice looked upon it as^v very haven of refuge. 44 It is all in order,' she observed. 4,vWhy may I not remain here , no w 7* Here is the - first week's rent.', ?? . ? * She produced her pocket- book and took from it a sovereign; Mrs. Sharp saw that more money remained in the put so, and con sented to allow her lodger to remain. 'I dont know where to get a spirit lamp,' said Bernice, . hesitatingly. 44 1 — I never went into a shop alone. ; Would you not kindly send a 'servant upon a few errands for me, madam 7 I am willing to pay for the favor.' ( ' . 'I don't want- any pay for allowing tne maid to go, but if you choose to pay her, [bat's your affair and hers. I' will send her up to you,' said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted gntriousncSs, and the lodging-house keeper retired, soon sending up hen house- maid. This young woman bad an honest, trust worthy face, 'and. Beruicc liked her. She consulted with bcr in regard to her wants, and gaVe her a sovereign to expend' for bcr in materials for housekeeping; The yoaog woman departed, and was absent an boar, bat finally returned with her arms full. She was followed by a small boy, who' carried a basket- f nil - of 'stores. Tho ^house-maid emptied tbs basket and dismissed the boy 'I've got everything you mentioned, Miss,' she observed, 'and some things you did not speak of. There's the Times as you was so particular to have. I did not buy it ; I hired it till evening. ' It's been hired put. all the morning, and was just brought back;. Here's faggots for the fire, at'd chill il ls, and I'llkindle a little 'blaze — you *look so cbld and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of coals, to put into. your closet yonder. .And here is bread, and a cold*' roasted . 'fowl, and atea kettle and a spirit lamp. And here's nine shillings left.' . ^ ' Bernjce bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the servant; who Jias.tencd to make up a bright fire, and 'to wheel up a big chair be-, fore it, and to fill the tea- kettle and set it the hob. Bernice took- possession of the big* chair, .and read oyer the columns of Wftnts ui Lbo Times. She had imagined ;that' a situation ps .governess would, be readily found, but fthe saw no advertisement in the paper lhat'scemed intended for her. ''I'iladvertiss myself,' she thought, sud denly, the jih-a striking her, as she believed, lik/J iu' inspimUpD. ''.I will write out hn hoii'tst irdvcrtiscraent,fliying what I can do. Sufelytapiong all the 'millions of Knglisb pefiyf,flpmeone will want tne.' Slie* brooded over the idea' while the ?jjouaetmaid made her tea and placed the few ddLblea,aq tb£ hare table. When the girt was g^h^out* Bcrnipc drank her tea and ate ber bread , hnd jam and a portion of cold /owl, wltb'aotuAl relish, and then wrote With the .stnifil gold, pencil An bcr chain, upon V piece of ; wrapping poper-^/bat hod en veloped the* sugar, a notice that - ran as fuL lows '? ' ? ?. '.W-A5TKb — By a jrounft lady without references, an orphan and natgingcr in Ldu-. don, a situation as governess. Understands Kuglish, French, and German, musip, drawl ing ? and. dancing, * Would accept a very small salary, . Address Miss G.,' 1'ittui ofilcc/V . It seemed to Bernice that this advertifle jnent could not fail to secure the situation she dcbired, and she decided to put it In three of the morning pap*™. In .the course pt the afternoon' she. calledhup- tbo house maid, had unfolded -.her plans to her, and ,the young Wdrpun undertook to procure the JriscHion of the advertisement in the news ps pem.-' ?? WtmiP the -huusQinaid hid retirod, young L*idy Cbetwynd'countcd over the contents of .per 'purse .with a sigh. The sum she bad thought* so'Jargc only that morning was fllipjjdng through her fingers with unpleasant rapidity. ♦' i mgst. 'get sornetldpg tp da before it is all gone, ' she thought. At any rate, I have IouqH' a 'snfu'nnd reipectablo shelter. I will economise, in my food, and make my -muuey^go as far ns may he, There must ho 'tio iaoru'jowln, no meat; .ami wimfevcr'my priv.Mjuni and porrrty, I am not dependent upoO.ntjjonoimw hut myself/'. ?' 'I, '? , Day^ltci'/jay. passed, lihd no satisfactory 'respoijju enmo to Ilurnlce's adfcrllsuiuent. Bho cridstiltci! 3Ir». Hharp as to Udw who could hecpmoft'gouerntfs. ?' ' u Yos ^wJH 'never . he, tjnr,' Miss— poror! #You arc. too. young, too Ignorant of/jbo world, ton beautiful, 'YourHto is a. mystery; You don't tell wiiq yau are nor wliepce you came. Hjiln't lq rraturu for a. young girl like you,, who havu bpon tenderly nurtured and educated like a One, lady; wlio a// a Uily to ho wandering about so utterly friend; Jcsii' and Mrs, Bharp locked scvcrely upoo her ynpng lodger, . And no oqe will engago a young la-ly to educate their children who has no one in thc;wbrld to sprak a word for 'her, or to say, that she Is a roepoctabtoyoang woman, I'eopliQr don't, rtraat thctr children to noy^and mfybody-wUboot m»klng quirlcs, 1 odviie-you not to waste any moro money in advertising.' /./' 41 U Ihero anything I c»p do without b*i&g; callrd upon for/cferenccs?'1 ; , - .,. ,1 - v: ' Artf.jou 'o skllful mllllnor? Oan rnn pjako.dr««MT.-JiIiavibT you . any . trade 1„ Do m hsnd i.w«k I : expect me to keep yon no longer then youx money lasts.' ^ r 44 Certainly not/V . /* . 44 1 work hard -for,.my : money,' pursued Mrs, Sharp, in an'; aggrieved- voice, 41 and I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too fiae to work. That's what I won't.' There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that 'the woman did not intend to lose money by her, but she did not resent Mrs. Bharp'a manner. To tbo contrary, she spoke in a subdued, sorrowful voice, as she answered : ' 44 1 want work, madam, and I am willing and anxious to work. Can I not learn a trade? Can I not learn to^ make bonnets or dresses 7'- 44 Who is to apprentice you and pay the necessary premium? I don't see anything before you but to become a maidofall work ; and what lady would want a finer lady in her kitchen than herself? I advise you to write to your friends, and have them take you away. Your moaey'U soon be gone, aUd then will come the almB-house— or a return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think over what I've said, and when your funds get low you can decide what you can do.' 44 1 would like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance,' said Bernice, her- face very white, and a brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes. 44I would like to make sure of a shelter as long as possible.' She paid the necessary amount, and Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing ma terials being upon the table. The landlady, withdrew, and Bernice was left to herself. And now beganfor young LadyChetwynd a.struggle for existence, such as is endured by many a. high-bred and educated young woman, and which involved so much of suffering, of 41 hope deferred,' and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from recording it. During tho three weeks of her Btay in tho house, Bernice had not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of , her existence. Her landlady looked upon ber with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew well the contents of the small parcels which Bernice now brought in lor herself. She. knew that her young lodger was growing paler and thinncrday by day ^ she noticed that the elastic young step be gan to flag, that the girl's tread on tho stair grew daily lighter and slower ; she saw that the dusky eyes grew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre as bright as unnatural* And knowiagand seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her house, and she grew anxious for the mouth to terminate, that she might send Bernice away. Daring all this time Bernice had seen no one whom she knew. Gilbert Monk bad ob; taioed no trace of ber, although he hod set Mrs.Crowl. and Fack to search for ner throughout London, where he was convinced that she still remained.' He had'gone down to Cbctwyhd Park, and was waiting. and watching for her there, knowing tbat sooner or later she would return to the old home' and tbo dear' presence that held such fasci nation for her. And. thus the month bad gone by, and two days only remained to Bernice before she must become again homeless and shelterless. She bad but a. few shillings in ber purse. And now came upon ber (he longing Gilbert Monk.b&d; anticipated— to look once, more upon Lord Chetwynd's face. . 44 1 may not live long,' she thought. 44 1 must see him. He need not — he* must net — see me.. I have my burial dress still. 1 can pass .for a ghost na before, if danger; of dis covery arises. Gilbert Monk baa long since given over the search for me, and i's no doubt in London reading law. I must see Roy once more before she claims him. I am in no danger of discovery. I shall bo very guarded. /-But 1^ 'must learn when the mar riage is to take place. I am dying with my yearning for'Uoy — my husband,' She could not withstand that sick longing of hcrsoul. She persuaded herself that she would. incur norisk of discovery. And on the very night before ber rent was to expire Bernice packed her travelling bag afresh, and stole out of her lodgings' late In the afternoon, unseen by any inmates of the .bouse, And hiring a cab, proceeded to the railway qtation. And soon after dark, closely veiled, she was. seated in a second class railway carriage on ber way to East .bourne. Sho alighted on reaching her des tination, secured a fly at the station, and pursued her journey to, Chetwynd-by-Sea. Here she dismissed, the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her at the village inn, and in the dark, cool May night, with only a few stars gleaming through the autre dusk, rite pursued ber way on foot to Cbetwybd Park— her lost home. \- CHAPTER XXII. _ . HEAHLY DETECTED.' At the very, moment when the wronged young LadyChetwynd stole like aabadow into her husband's bouse at Ghctwynd Park and crept up to .a lonely attic to.dori her ghostly rpbes, in which 'she believed she might steal to her husband's, very «ido, and. -still pass for a spectre or ah illusion— at that moment Lord Cbctwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone together iii the music-room. . . Miss Monk had been plAyibg some bril liant fantasia upon the grand piano, and ben jewelled fingers were still softly pressing the ?pearl keys, cvukiag disconnected sounds while her; densely black, ball-open oyes rested inn longing, absorbing gaze upon the fair face of.the young marquis. . aLord Ohetwynd- was walking slowly up and down the length pf.' tbo room, his arms folded across his breast, a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow* light filtered down through pale 'tinted globes upon Svlvia* Monk's dark 'East Indian beauty, and Lord Cbetwynd, looking nt'ber, noticed for the first time the pafe tflrror and anxiety in bcr face and eves, . ~ . ?' *? * . 4* What is tie matter, Sylvia 7' hp asked, kindly. : ' You *re looking iIl/,: 41 Thora Is nothing the matter more than usual, Roy,' said Miss 'Monk, lier fingers still dropping softly on lho keys. 41 1 am not quite well -of late, and you have been too absorblcd in your memorial school and your teonants to notice the fact; that is all.' Lord Cbetwynd looked startled nod anxious. A deeper gravity settled about his delicate mouth under the shadow of kit golden moustache, and upon his white brows.' ' ?? I seomcd neglectful, Sylvia 7' ho piked, in rimi'S ot iplf- roproach. 41 1 have becn.nbaorbed in'my snbool, I knuW. I have never cuhooafcd from you that Bernice dead Is uore to pio thiln any woman living. But Hove you also, Sylvia. 1 appreciate your imtfolfljb devp'tiori Id n\e, your gentle iwcet ntss, your earnest love. Believe ra*, sor rowful *nd 'hopelcr* as I am, I am not in sensible id, nor ungrateful fur, the great gift of yop'r. pure; 'warm heart. In time, ner- haps, '-and his toica grew broken, 14 In time I may learn lo'loro you as vou.dcser?o to uo lotoa, But now, Sylvia, be pationt with tne; and let tho tnantloof your loro and charity cover all my abort'Comlngs, She whirled around upon the rausic-fctoqj. Lord Obotwynd fcltforbor a sudden pity. Uo moved toward, her under 'the Impulse 41 that sudden pity, end took hor in his arms. « , ? And just then a light, soft step came noliQ. Willy along the floworhord&ipa; allies of the great oopserretory, and approached the door of tho muslo-room .whence tho found of voices Issued* 'The new-comer was Buruiuo, In her silken burial robes, vf . ' / . :f , ? Alt flDCODiolQps of the near progimliy-of the young wlfti whoa* death bo mounted sir dlspatri»gl7,Irtid Ohotwipd Jfapt In pitying a^ljpq^yo^ black cjea looked love at him. And just then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a touch, and Bernice looked in upon them. - -- ; ? Neithersaw her. . Cbetwynd was gazing down into the bUck, -fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all but him and her love for him. Poor Bernice stood transfixed. Ah, indeed, she thought/her place was filled. The car resscs tbat had thrilled her loving60ul were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at the pair wildly, and a low, smothered cry barst from her white lips. Chctwynd heard the faint sound, and turned and beheld her. . For d moment he stood transfixed. Then, with a wild cry, be dropped Sylvia from bis hold, as if she bad been- some, inanimate tbiog, and bounded toward this' seeming spectre. ^ Bernice fiew on before hioi like a vision. ^ ? Miss Monk caught a glimpse of the white roue, the whiter face, framed in'-masses of floating, dusky hair, and with a shriek came tUBhing into the 'conservatory. Bernice flew on down the long flowery aisle,. her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She was light and fleet. She sped on before Cbetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of auother aisle sho tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pot. Chetwynd now gained on. her. His breath ing Bounded hoarsely in. her ears'. Her panic increased. She could not Bee the way ?before her. She stumbled again— and now Cbetwynd reached out biB hand to groBp ber. She was away again like a flash, but he bad caught the lace frills of her short elbow sleeves in his band, and the yellow film gave way and remained in his clutch, while she flew on and out at the open door.- ^ .r He was at the door the next instant, but the seeming spectre bad disappeared. There was a faint starlight, and he could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and sh'rubbczy dottiag the lawn, but the Bhining vision was nowhere in sight. He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and the beach, but in vain*. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering the garden entrance to the bocse. But there, on the deep garden scAt, Bernice bad crouched until he had. passed on toward the cliffs, and then .she hurried into the house and op the private stair to the attics. 'V - Her escape bad. not been made a moment too soon. She had scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and-turned ber steps to the porch where the young marchioness had been bidden. 44 The door is ajar,' muttered Sylvia, With a baleful gleam in'hcy blgck eyes. 41 She has gone into the house; . She evidently in tends to hide.— As shedoes not intend to reveal herself, lam so fcqf 6afe/' . She closed the door, that Chetwynd might not.be tempted to .-.enter it on bia return from ' his search^ about the grounds, and slowly re- entered the conservatory, r UI shall pretend tbat I did' not see her,' she thought, halting in the doorway and looking out into -the dim, fragrant night; 44 It is best to treat her.appeiiranco as Chet wynd's illusion. She is in. the house. Gil bert must not know of her presence here, and I must warn Ragee at . once. My old ayah may find means to remove her forever from my path this very night.' Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and thence proceeded to her. own apart ments.' She found, the Eaat Indian woman crouching before ber boudoir fire.: She told ber briefly whak had occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and silence, 44 Leave it all to me, Missy,' said the Hin doo. 44 My lady shall not trouble you after to-nigbt. I think she is gone tip to the attics to change ber gown. I will go and search for ber. Go b&ck; to my lord with an easy heart. Missy. After to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd Park.' ♦ ' The old woman spoke with a subtle men ace which her mistress fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian, cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer with in. Then, with 'the face of a smiling demon, she concealed -the articles in her bosom, and stoic , away out of the ? room, and crept stealthily up.to the attics. ? Miss Monk paused to take a sip~o/_.her soothing draught, and. aet out on bcr return to the rousic-room. ? In the hall, just outside the' door, -she encountered her brothOr,^ who was in dressing gown and slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. V ? ?Y' . ~ . '-What's the row/ Sylvia 7'... be asked. \4 What docs all this skurryiug'up and down stairs, mean? What on earth bos hap pened 1' ' ; .. 44 Nothing I nothing I'Vcried Miss Monk, WHu ah eagerness that aroused his suspi cious tbat something was ivrong. 4tI came up to my roum. for a piece of music. Go bhek to bed, Gilbert. I must return 'do* tbe marquis, who is waiting for mc' She iqovcd away as she spoke, and has tened to descend the stairs. Monk caressed hisbe&rd; whil^he looked thoughtfully after her. Sbc said she had comc up to her room for a piece* of music, but her hands were empty,. Mr. Monk, being very astute upon occasion, whistled softly and went back to bis rooMjdrc'w on his ccat and boots; and also hurried down to tho music-room. . His sister was in tho room alone, 'and greeted his appearance with a black frown. 11 Do go back, Gilbert!' sho exclaimed. 44 Roy and I are having a private interview. Ho will not llko this interruption. Go, or you wjll regret it.' ' 'Hum I' said Mr. Monk, flinging himself into a chair, 41 1 shall regret it if I do go, no douLt. I know you, my amiablo sister, Aiid I cbcosu to remain here until your lover comes. Homo game is ufoot— -Ha I what's that?' * There was a sound of hurried' footsteps in the conservatory, and Lord Chetwynd rushed into the music room, pale, wild and disor dered. Monk leaped to his feet in amaze ment. The marquis looked pasat him with a wnndeilng gaze. 44 Hits she been back !' demanded Chet wynd. 44 1 havo unwed her.' - ' Who 7' cried Sylvia anil Gilbert Monk, In a breath, tbe former pale, tho latter eager. 44 Bernice— my wife I Did sho como back this way 7' repeated Chetwynd. 44 My God 1 Have I lost hor again ?' ' Ah, has thu fpvclro appeared to you again, ray lord? 1 questioned Monk, his face Aiming. 'Has tho. ghobt been iierol' 41 Yes. Bernice camo and looked In upon us, as Sylvia nuJ I stood yonder. $bo sighed, or moaned, and the sound went to my -otU.v I.ea\v, her fnee, cviul it waa pain aud ?orrowful, jt*t glorious in its beauty and loveliness, .Sylvia saw it aluo—' ' V No, no— I saw no ghost 1' Chetwynd' turned upon Bylvia a look ol amazement. / 44 Burely you baw her ' Monk declared. 44 Yon looked toward »' licr— you did ico her~n ' ' And I say I did not. I law no spectra whatever. Do you think, ray lord, tnat wo nro all victims of your peculiar craso? I tell you again 1 did not ico tho aparltlon, or illusion, or whatever It might bu called. t swenrl did not soo It/' * - 'And jo\i looked toward yonder door, Sylvlft?' - r-. c- # ' !: 44 1 dM, . I Ihokcd straight ntyon^lcr door- way/'afllnnod Ihc iwnrthy hoauty, 'Had anjUilngbtTU Ihrrfr, eyen a shadow, 1 must havo recn It* 'Bnt^ ihcro .who nothing .thcio,' ? : ;v- :/// *-?-? 44 My Jord/' sMd-Monk. calroingvhlraieK by a stronfl tff'irt and viwnkiflfl ioothlnRly, . 44 1 will not hear that word again, Monk,' said his lordship; excitedly, bia face flush ibg.- 44lHlusiofrl'- -Why, sho ran along tho conservatqryi.ahij 1 bcard.her light Footfalls, She/tripped uppn'A flqwer-pot left* in the riib.- 1 was near to- ber aa I am to yon, reached out my anbto grasp her— and I caught this J' ! He unclosed hid- clenched hand and dis played a fragment of point lace, yellow and. wrinkled and stained, with jagged' edges, jest as be had* .torn it from JBeroiCe's sleeve. : . ' ? * ' ? , . ' Gilbert, 'Monk and Sylvia staged /ap- palled.* ? Here' was evidence such as they b^d^not counted on that, the spectral visitor. Waa.-a* living woman/Both stood dumb, ndt know-: ing what tp say.' ?' ;/ /. ''? - Cbetwynd laid the scrap of lace-flat upon his hand. ; - 44 The mystery deepeba,' be said, hoarsely. 44 But .that I myself saw my -wife die, but .that I myself saw hcr buiied, I should say that she lives and bsa been.^eTO- tonight. Look at this lace. It wason.hcr.biirial rohe —the robe sho wore on. her first evening in this house. : She bad tbe gown made' in London,- I remember her innocent delight at the pattern of this lace^ There were branching palms done in film, as one might say, ^ And here is the palm nearly perfect. If my visitor were a ghost, would she wear tangible lacc? And whoever she is, how came she with this lace which I remember in well?' 44 Chetwynd, said Monk, slowly, 14 1 think, that you are the prey of some designing woman who presumes on her resemblance' to Bernice. Calm yourself. Look at- the matter dispassionately, if you can. Bernice is dead, so your visitor cannot be she. 'if it is not a spectre, then it must^be, as. I said, - some designing woman.' 44 But the face was pure and noble—' '* 44 That proves nothing, . The face might, even have been a mask. Let us resnme your search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what wc are doing. You search the park, arid I will search tbe cliffs and beacb. Shall it be so?' \- Tbe marquis assented* and thrust tbe lace in his pocket, and wentout with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery bad indeed deepened; and his mind was in a state of cbaos. He hurried out toward the park, into whose dark rcceescj be plunged and dis appeared. : ~ ' Monk did not linger to speak to his eister. He/Wo, hurried out of the house, but he did not go to tbe cliffs. To the contrary, he went to the garden. t-*?crance and stole into the house, and made bis way up to the attics, as Bagcc bad done before bim. T. 44 I'll find her up here,' he thought. 44 8he has come , up to change her gown, I have been mighty near to ruin to-night. OnceT get possession of Her again, I'll bold her fast, so tbat she shall not escape me.'.- . Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic inV vain and rambling search for Bernice. After a few niinates thus spent, be became con scious tbat someone was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that. Bernice was fleeing before him, and he hurried forward, intent npon her capture, moving 'Swiftly and almost noiselessly, having removed his. boots at the outset, ? He gained upon tbe stealthy person in advance, and soon became aware of the fact that . she had halted, and was hiding somewhere in tbe stillness and darkness, H.e moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass bis quarry-in tbe darkneeB. He crept across a long, 'low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room.. Listening, ' he was sure that he beard suppressed breath ? ing in that inner room. . 44 1 have her now!'. be said himself, exultantly. 44 She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron.- Now, my la'dy, I have you like a bird in a cage. There is no outlet to yonder room I fancy, eave. through this. You are caught at last 1' He hastened in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. : In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon him, and a pair of lcipg, supple bonds stole about bis neck, as seeking to strangld him. 44 Ha 1 I have you now I' hissed, a yoice which lie recognised as tbat of the Ewt In 'dtan. woman. 4' This time, girl, youdifc l'- The long fingers twisted themselves like 'snakes around his neck, and the old woman clung to him like n liorriblo incubus. But suddenly her fingers, .came in contact with bis beard. The shock. of a great surprise unnerved.her fingers. The Thug-like hold on him relaxed ; and now Monk seined bis assailant and flung her from him like some venomous reptile, hurling ber to the floor, as he cried out : * . 44 You accursed hag ! . You here 7' 'You hear, Mr. Gilbert?' said tbe old Hindoo; in a choked -voice, gathering, herself up, and scowling at him through the dark ness. - 41 Curse you 1' said Monk,* angrily.- 14 1 ought to kill you, you infamous Thug !' Tbe old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongue. - 41 Get out of this I' said Monk, authorita tively* . 44 If you make another move against Lady Chetwynd Til have you sent away from Chetwynd Park. You tried to murder her ladyship at the skaters' chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting me ; do you understand ? ' I know you, root and branch. I overheard that little interview of yours with Sylvia some sixteen months ago, and I know all your schemes* I permitted the mock doath and tho mock funeral for reasons of my own, . I have had charge of my lady ever since* I am working out schameaof my own, but they will not in terfere with those of Bjlvla. Mysistcr shall be Lady of Chetwynd. ,1 am only trying to make a little jnonsy,' Are you content now?' The old woman snarled in dissatisfaction; She did not believe Monk's protestations. Her determination that Bernice should dio pntln'r.d now strength. But she realised, as did Monk, that they were . wasting time in talking which should be devoted to pursuit* Therefore she said, with a hypocritical wbluc, which did.not in tho least deceive Ueroppbnenfci ? ;,4lf you sA'y IriralKright, Mr/Gilbert, I suppose It Is, Mid Til godowostnira.' with this she abruptly 'darted post him into thu larger. .qttip' and glided into' the coirfdor beyond. 4- Sho lias resumed her search,' muttfered Monk. 44 It's to bo a race between us which shall find Bernice first, . Lest some devilish: Instinct should guide QUMlagtc/.wbom'the' flunds protect, I think I'll follow her* U'o aro sure soon to find Bornicu* And I will look in the uppor. garret to which Bernice sent me before,' C:' Ho hurried out, but tho Hindoo had dis appeared, - . ue sought for ber, but ho could not find her. Ho trampcd irom-roora to room, but sho eluded 1dm, Ho viilttd tho Httlo garret In -wliloh Bernlcghad before hidden, but tho yrinthfuTCtnnrchioness - was not there, and there wna'nh tbken of her recent nresqnco. Ho acarehod'' for hours, until ho- was fatlgncd and wrathrut^nnd persuaded*' |b'at he had been cqraiiletfly baaiod, ; Then he wept down inlleniy to Ids own room.*/'' . v llu had scarcely coraposcd bla foatures to even a sembfanco of their, ordinary calm, when a knock was beard upon his door* *nd dn obedience to hi* ruramons Lonl Chetwynd ontcred the room, ; ? V - r . ; The young ranrijuui still .wore a pale; dis ordered countenance. His bluo.eyrt wore burning. Ills golden hair ww toned book from his bronsed brows In itrangodishoreK menu ' Ho looked stlil'excUcd* anxious and pprplexe&v; yet/ determined : to -tolv*:. tbo 