Ocean Reminiscences.I Let me recall a trifling incident of my ship-board life, an experience small and brief, indeed, but vividly fresh and of clearest and keenestoutline in memory. We were on the Mozambique parallels, well to the eastwards; the weather hot, the sky cop perish, and the sea of s eallowish blue, with a thick, slow flow of a swell as of the water was heavy and sluggish with oil;-a weak breeze of wind blew off the port-quarters, with a sort of sting of heat in it, like the bite of the sun itself ; and the- ship under all studding-sails on that side went rolling for ward in a kind of loathing way, as though alive to the trucks with instinct ; and I very well remember the slopping noirse of the water as it fell from her bow like flinging buekletfuls of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon, when the thickness over the starboard bow died out along the horizon there, and showed the cea-line clear to the edge of the ocean, with a twisting and glancing of yel low fires in it from the sun, as though lines of molten brass were slowly sinking in it. It was then that a sail was made out some three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap parently a large ship, showing to her courses with her mizzen.topmast gone, and the spanker-gaff naked, with some colors flying at it. As we slowly rose her she showed like a frigate upon the water, with her band of broken ports and her big wing of standing jib ; and I heard the captain tell the mate, after taking a long view of her through! a teleecope, that he believed she was euch and such a ship, naming a well-known Iudiaman of thoere days. She was in distrces, it was now gathered; for it seems that she carried a brace of eignal halliards at her gaff-end, on one of which was heisted the English ensign, jack down, while on the other iluttered a row of bunting out of aIsrryant's Cede, signifying that there was Ecrious sick ness on board. I can see that ship now as I eaw her then; her canvas had the whiteness of froth touched by moonshine; sboh rose and fell very majestically, her ports bristling and fading as she leaned to the heave of the waters. By the aid "of the glsss, which I furtively employed on the mate turning his back, I could distinctly make out the white quartcerboats swining at her davits, the gleams off the glass of her large windows, the hurried shadowing of her sails, as they swung in and out, and the flags hovering in reds and whites and blues from the peak end. The helm of our ship was shifted for her, and we got her right under our flying jibboom end. There was not enough yawn in the foot of the foresail to disclose her from the poop; and it being now four o'clock and my turn to quit the deck, I strolled for ward on to the forecastle to watch the very noble picture on the sea line, that was ren dered significant beyond expression by her appealing colors, and by the mutilation of her abaft. A group of our Jacks stood rgainst one of the catheads, gazing too. I had not been looking above three minutes when one of them exclaimed in a hoarse voice: S'What, the blazes ! Is that there muck a-drawing up around her, or is she a-die solving ?" " The 'Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't mates!" maid a second man, in eub. dued voice of .mingled awe and astonish. ment. " Watch her a-dying out I Smite me, if mortial eyes ever see thle like of that afore." My gaze was upon the ship as the men spoke; and, suro enough, I 6bserved her to be elowly melting out. not as though a fog were driving down upon her, but as a rain bow dies, the tints shining and fading and perishing. In a few moments all was blank cea where she had been. There was an expression of dismay on every warn-ridden, whiskered face I glanced at. The captain, the mate, and a number of passengers were moving and mopping like goblino over the brass rail at the break of the poop in eearch of the amazing phautasem. It was, of course, a mirage; but it took all hands, from the skipper down to the cook's mate, come time to realise it, Eo marvellous had been the illusion, Eo subltantial to the vision that rolling and stately fabric, so ex quisitely had the painted mirrowing of her litted the line of the sea. With some fancy that the real object could not be far off, the captain continued to head in the direction itn which the mirage had shone until darkness camne when the ship was brought to her course afresh. A few days before we sailed from Calcutta we got news of this phantom vessel. She had been some leagues below the horizon on which her likeness woee painted, signalling for assistance toanother ship seven or eight miles distant from her. Had the quelity of the atmosphere remained as it was, by which I mean had the mirage lin gered a while longer, no doubt we should have brought the simulacrum of the other vessel into view. Thus it will be seen that ships as we!l as men have their ghosts. This rtcalls to me another incident, belonging, however, to no experiences of my own. It was the chief mate of this same ship from whose deck we sighted the mirage who told me the story. He was third mate of a very handsome clipper barque, bound to a New Zealand port. The captain of herwas a tall. austere man, with a grizzly beard, and an eye of the deed blackness of unpolished jet. Instead of speaking of him as the " old man," his sailors called him "the monk." He was exce?dingly reserved, said little or nothing at table or on deck outside such in tructions as lihe had to give; yet, spite of his monastic or collegiate looks, which might have qualifed him to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchantman's quarter-deck, he was an excellent sailor,and a man of considerable refinement of speech. Nothing particular occurreduntil thelittle barque was drawing on to the ec. ' tor, when it was observed that the capt.. grew rest less. He seemed unable to sleep; through out the nig?hl-watehes he was incessantly arriving on deck, and for a whole half-hour at atime he would stand right in front of the bionacle, obscuring it to the sight of thI man at the wheel, and keeping his eye fixed upon the card with the lifeless air of a person acting in his sleep. At noon one day the lati tods was found to be about six miles north. There was a pleasant breeze blowing off the port beam, and the clipper keel was made by the log to be sliding tbhrough it at some saven miles in the hour. The captain, putting down his seltant, walked aft to the binnacle and stood before it, holding his watch in his hand. There was a light as of fever in the gaze he rooted upon the dial plate. Sud denly he called to the second mate, who had charge: "Hands to the port braces. Get the yards trimmed for a westerly course. Down be low." The little ship came round with the men rounding in upon the braces too astonished to sing out. The captain walked the deck chafing his hands and chuckling. S"Now, sir, we have it," he cried to the second mate. "Have what, sir?" saked the astounded officer. - "The equator, sir," roared the captain. "The Equatorl" cried the mate, looking round him. "Yes, sir, true as a hair by the magnetio bearings-a fore and a aft line, sir. Keep to that course, d'ye hear. Not an inch off to port or starboard, or quicker than you can say Jack Robinson I'll blow your brains out l" The second mate, glancing through the skylight, observed the chief officer in the cabin, and with a alight motion ot his head summoned him on deck. The man arrived, with a face of wonder, gazing aloft and around, and not a little amazed to find the ship bound to the easternAmerican seae board instead of New Zealand. " This is to be an achievement, sir," shouted the captain to him, " that'll rank me foremost amongst the most famous men this centvry has produced." The mats viewed him with a stupid look olinterrogation. " Sir:" cried the captain, approaching him with an expression of ecstaey on his singu ar countenance, "the keel of this barqae will be the first that ever ploughed the line of the equator without a hair-breadth of de viation for 1000 miles at least; and mark you this," he cried, drawing himself erect, and extending his clenched fist at the mate, " if I catch the vessel's head off her course by the emallest fraction of a point, I will blow out the brains of the man who has charge of the deck at the time." lie slapped his breast that the two men might guess what he concealed there, and, picking up his sextant, stalked below. The unfortunate creature went entirely out of his mind that night, and they had to pinion him to prevent him from destroying himself, or dealing death to the ship by firing her. lH died within the week, raving mad, not a little to the relief of the mates, who could do nothing for him beyond seeing him carefully watched. 