DIE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) "ROUItEHSIOX, Otr-E RIGHTS, AiD OCT. BESOUKCES. SANDHURST, SATURDAY, APRIL IS, 1890 RDST IN WHEAT. Amongst the troubles which afflict farmers is " rust in wheat." It makes it appearance in all the Australian colonies, and it is par ticularly noticeable in prolific seasons when the crops are standing thick and high. Such seasons are usually moist, that is to say, there has been abundance of rain at particu lar times, while the moisture has been ac companied with plenty of heat. Under such conditions rust appears, and it comas in the worst form where the drainage of the soil is most imperfect. It seems to be the result of what may be termed a " crop fever." and onco started in favorable ground it spreads to the adjacent crop which would probably be free owiug to a better position but for its contiguiCy to tho breeding soil No country is free from rust, and experience has not yet devised a means fur its eradica tion. It appear* <•> bo * dutvj-v tlmt on the seasons. 0:ife ye.;.- U is srm-ou!;-. notice.ible, and iri>v: ti-n i>iy ucmm in dry seasons when loam's hic and the i farmers' hearts are broken at the thinness of the crop. Another year when there is abundance of rain.and heat farmers rejoice at the luxuriant growth, but rust sets in and there is grief again in the farming com mumty at its sweeping destructnn. It '3 impossible to tell beforehand what the sea son will be, otherwise, even under t'no dis advantages of imperfect drainage mucii might be done to mitigate the evil by lighter sowing, which would let in the air and light so necessary to healthy existence in the animal or vegetable kingdoms. A3 it is, farmers acw an average quantity of seed, and if the season is dry the crops are light, and there is little rust, if vet and hot the crops are. heavy and there is much rust. Given good tillage, good seed, sown in due pro portion, a favorable Beason, and rust is scarcely heard of, Industry, careful and intelligent work on the part of the farmer, is thus a necessity in getting rid of the rust. Unfortunately these conditions in too m3iiy instances are wanting so that either by the ignorance, carelessness, or neglect of some rust is promoted, and it spreads and injures crops which would be free from it. Jt is a weakness of human nature to lay the blame for suph trouble and logs or any subject but itself, and father thqn go the right way to eflept a, cure it casts about for a nostrum that will prevent the evil without an altera tion of the ignorant and careless system of oultivution, though experience and eommon sense tell that such a thing is impossible. As long as the cause of evil is not removed, the evil will spring up. People who live in the midst of foul surroundings must expect to be affected with typhoid fever. Merely hiding tho Bniell which indicates un mistakably the presence of danger, by the application of n stink killer, does not give immunity from the fever ; the cause—the filth—must be removed to do that. The desire for nostrums exists, and so long as that ia bo there are peoplo who, for a sub stantial consideration, of course, will provide an alleged cure-all for the "take-all." Such nostrum mongers profess the moat implicit faith in their speciBc. The more atrenuously and mysteriously its virtues are asserted the more is the desired impression likely to be made, and there are hundreds ready to accept the wonderful cure. Such miracle tvorkers are Jegion In tho medical fielcj, and they spring up like mushrooms whenever a chance ariseB of turning an honest pound. At the present time Victoria is a grand country for the operations of experts, it is swarming with them, and they find highly remunerative Government billets. There is an expert to-enlighten the miners as to how «ol.4 p^:iats, but ho ha« to find that out for hiffiaeif first, 'jiterg is fj'nqthfjr suppoaed to givo information ^bo^t in sect pests but ho has rtlso to cultivate and Btudy them first; there are irrigation experts and butter-making experts as if people had never heard ol such things before. There are experts for vine grow ing and wine-making and fruit drying,-ex perts for cutting down forests and for growing them up again. In fact expert people from all countries are the favored ones of Victoria. The latest development in this direction ia Lfits whsit F[»st ?2pert; who has arisen wi''tKb'::afccasiti'n. ' 'it 'no h^ensa^'th'si Victoria wao' blessed with' «'bovln'£ifql har vest, but with it same rust to a con siderable extent, and a cry was got up about the losa from rust. Immediately, forth steps an expert with a cure, a Mr. Smith Ellis, from the aristocratic quarter of South Yarra. An expert-loving Government turns to the wonder at once, 5}isiou3. >}Q doubt, for the g-neraj g£">4, oViroirhim in ifi'o 'great aTnijy'oi eipbrt's.' Whether ovgrturea ' woro 'mit^e Iq engage him at a salary like the reot to t'eao/i tho ignorant farmers of Victoria and agricultural professors of Australasia is not known, but if such ofier was made it has come to nought. Mr. Ellis knows a thing or two, and he will enlighten the whole world as to tho cure fqr rust—a. cure w^ich, lifcek the philoso pJierlsBfofte, fiaa {wen uoijglit jor |a yam by the high and 'low, tfiV rioh and poor, the learned arid the unlearnod in agricultural matters from the remotest ages, but only on condition that lie receives the modest sum o£ £1P;00Q, In comparison with the benefit to be Conferred oii tho human tucn, ili-it, pf course, is a mere bagatelle In fact it Boenaa aitc^alhcv ioo SCT.t^lJ, op.$ sideriDg the millions it is to be thfi moans of adding to the world's wealth. Credit must, therefore, be pivon Mr. Ellis for the very modest figure at which he. appraises his specific. A less patriotic man would | have asked a million at least, but he perhaps , looks forward to a national monument and a burial in Westminster Abbojv when the world is rid of rust by his cure, and he gives up the ghost, and he would deserve such honors. . . A person, however, who possesses the jsecret of a perfect cure, an' unfailing I remedy, who has proved it under all and every circumstance, is to be admired for his | thoroughness and honesty of purpose when ! he can proudly and confidently say " There I is the cure, try it according -to directions. I I'll stake £10,000 that it will not fail." I But if he is not prepared to sacrifice any j thing, should the result not be according to his asseverations, people may reasonably doubt the efficacy of his specific, and this doubt is intensified when it is found that in arranging for teats ha wishes to appoint half the members of the reporting commit tee. That shows a weakness of- faith calcu lated to make the unbelieving wink and laugh. ' If it is an unfailing cure he should have no fear, as the result must strike cavillers dumb and turn doubters to ap plauding friends. This view'of the matter appears not to have struck Mr. EIH3 at first, as he subsequently waived his claim. But he falls back on an other saving clause, he will not abide by the decision of an unprejudiced tribunal, evidently anticipating that it will be against him, and insists on an appeal to the farmers. This would give him a chance to benefit by a propitious season, in which there would be little rust, and he could claim ihe credit that it .was the specific and not the weather that caused the disappearance of the evil. Far mers as a rule are simple folk, and not so far-seeing as a scientific and practical com mittee, and they would at once say "we .used the specific, the rust is gone, the specific did it," and as their voice is to be final (clever idea) ; the £10,000 would be pocketed. When the unfavorable season came, and with it the rust, the necromancer could whistle gaily, and with tho ten thou sand pounds in his pocket say " You did not follow my directions." 