'I want you tobe particular about the ? lid and the locks. I waa buried once be 'fore, you see; and this time I want to, have my own way. I have one coffin, but it is too small for mo. I keep it under my bad, and use it for a trunk. Good evening. Friday night-remember!' Spindles thought there would be little ? - danger of his forgetting it. But he didn't relish the idea of seeing him again, espe - .. cially at. night. ' However, Shrowdell will be here then,' he said. When the mysterious stranger had gone, Spindles put the bank-bill iu his pocket-baok, paced up and down, looked .ut of the window, and wished Shrowd- well would come home. . * After all,' he said, ' he is only a crazy man. But what made the lamp burn so ' ¿ital And what strange raps those were before he entered. . And that drawing with a phosphoric pencil! And how like a dead man he looked! Pshaw! I'll Btnoke another pipe.' . And he sat down by the stove, with his back to the coffins. At last the town t. clock struck nine, and he shut up the shop, glad to get away and go home. Next morning he told Shrowdwell the . story, handed him the bank-bill as corro- boration, and showed him the drawing, the lines of which were very faint by day- light. Shröwdwell took the money glee- fully, and locked it in his safe. What do you thiak of ais affair, Mr. Shrowdwelll' Spindles asked \- ' This is some poor deranged gentleman, Spindles. I have made coffins for de- ranged men-but this is something un- usual-ha! ha!-for a man to come and order his own coffin, and be measured for it. This is a new and interesting case, Spindles-one that I think has never come within my experience. But let me see that drawing again. How faint it is. I must put on my specs. Why, it is only a big fiddle-case-a double-bass V 1 box.'. He is probably some poor distracted musician, and has taken this strange v fancy into his head-perhaps imagines ' - himself a big fiddle-eh, Spindles?' And ? } he laughed softly at his own conceit. "Pon my soul, this is a queer case-and a fiddle case, too. But we must set about fulfilling his order, ' By Friday noon the coffin of the new pattern was finished. All the workmen were mystified about it, and nearly all . cracked jokes at its queer shape. But Spindles was very grave. As the houi , approached-when the stranger was to call for it he became more agitated. He would have liked, to be away, and yet hil curiosity got the better of his nervousness, He asked his two friends to come in, and they agreed to do so, on Spindles' promis* to go first to an oyster- saloon and ordei ? something hot to fortify their courage " They did not say anything about this t< * Shrowdwell, for he was a temperance mai and a sexton. They sat around the blazing stove, al four of them, waiting for the insane ma] to appear. It wanted but a few minute of eight. * What is the matter with that lamp' said Shrowdwell. ' How dim it burna It wants oil.' . ' I filled it to-day,' said Spindles. 41 feel a chill all down my back,' sail Barker.. \- 'Andthere's that rapping again,' sait : O'Brien. There toas a rapping, as if underneatl the floor. Then it seemed to come fror .the coffins on the other side of the room ' then it was at the window-panes, and a last at the door. They all Iookei ' 'bewildered, and thought it very stiange. Presently the street-door opened slowlj They Baw no one, but heard a deep sigh. 'Psbew, it's only the wind,' sai Shrowdwell, and rose to shut the door when 'before them stood the cadaverou stranger. They were all so startled tha not a word was spoken. * I have come for my coffin,' th stranger said, in a sepulchral whispei .Is it done?' 'Yes, sir,' said Shrowdwell, 'It is a ready. . Where shall we send it?' . I take it with me,' said the'strange in the samé whisper. 'Where is it?' '.But it is too heavy for you to carry . said the undertaker. . ' That is my affair,' he answered. ' Well, of course you are the heit judg whether you can carry it or not. Bu perhaps you have a cart outside, or porter?' All this time the lamp had burned s dim that they could not see' the feature . of the unknown. - But suddenly, a , ' he drew nearer, it flared up wit a , sudden blaze, as ; if possessed and they saw that his face was like th face of a corpse. At the same instant a: Old'cat which had been purring quietl by the stove-usually the most grave an decorous of tabbies-started up and glare and then sprang to the farthest part o the room, hertsil puffed out to twic its ordinary size. They said nothing, bub drew back am let him pass toward the strange-Iookini . coffin. He glided toward it, and takinj it une*er his arm, as if it were no heavie .-' than a small basket, moved toward th . , door, which seemed to open of its owi accord, and he vanished into the street. ; ' Let's follow him,' said the undertaker . and see where he's going. You know 1 .don't believe in ghosts. I've seen tw many dead bodies for that. This, is som« , ^crazy gentleman, depend on it ; and w< ought to see that he doesn't do himsell any harm. Come !' _ The three young men didn't like thc idea of following this stranger in the dark, whether he were living or dead. And . yet they liked no better being left in thc dimly-lighted room among the coffins, Sp they all sallied out, and caught » glimpse of the visitor just turning th< corner.' ~ They walked quickly in that direction, 'He's going to the church,' Baid Spindles. No, he's turning toward th* graveyard. See, he has gone righi through the iron gate. And yèt it wai looked. He has disappeared among the trees.' 'We'll wait here at this corner,' and watch,'saicTShrowdwell. ' They waited fifteen or twenty minutes, ?but saw no more of him. They then ad- vanced and peered through the iron rail jogs of the cemetery. The moon wai hidden in clouds, which drifted in greal masses across tbs sky, into which rose th< tall, dim chùrch-steeple. The wind ble? drearily among the leafless trees of th< burial-ground. They thought they sa« . a dark figure moving down toward th« north-east corner. They had heard som* of the vault doors creak open and shu ' with a heavy thud. 'There are the tombs of the musicians, whispered the undertaker. ' I have seei several of our Handel-and-Haydn Society buried there-two pf them, you remem ber, were taken off by cholera las summer. Ah, well, in the midst of Iii we are in death ; none of us know whei we shall be taken. I have a lot ther . myself, and expect to lay my bones in i some day. Presently strange sounds were heard seeming to come from the corner spokei of. They were like the confused tunin of an orchestra before a concert-wit discords and chromatic runs, upanddowr from at least twenty instruments, but a muffled and pent in, as if under ground. v . Yet, thought the undertaker, this ma be only the wind in the trees. ' I wis , the moon would come out,' he said, 'H we could see something. Anyhow, think, it's a Chriatinn duty to go in then and see after that poor man. Ho mi have taken a' notion, you know,'to sh» himself up in bi« big fiddle case, and « ? . ought, to see that he don't do himself an . ; injury. Come, will you go ? ' . , . ,' (To be continued.) . , 