PEOPLE'S SATURDAY NIGHT MEETINGS. The assembly room of the Alfred Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity on Saturday evening when a concert was given by the Town Mission choir and Band of Hope. The programme supplied was a good one and the various items called forth applause from the audieuce. A dialogue entitled “ Children of the year” was given by 12 little girls, who were dressed- to re’present the different seasons and festooned with flowerß for the various growths they represented. The way in which the various performers acquitted themselves reflected great credit on their trainer, Sir D. Brown. Mr J.,AY. Kirton, M.L.A., who occupied the chair, said that he had no apology for bis presenceat such a gathering. It was not the flrst.time which he had beeu culled upon to act iu such a capacity, and he hoped it would not be the lust. He found it impos sible to accept every invitation given, but it was always -a pleasure to him to take part iu a temperance meetiug. It was said by some that a public man should not take sides on controversial or debatable questions similar to the driuk question, but sooner than sacrifice his principles he would retire from public life altogether.. He believed the temperance cause wus a right and just one and that was oue reason why he was willing to work in the cause. He thought that every one who had the best inteiests of the community at heart, should be a total abstainer. It was the duty of every public man-to use his talents and influence in the' endeavor to stamp out evil, and the drink traffic was now recoguised by a large proportion of the people as an evil. Total abstiueuce was a safe policy, oue which all could recommend while there was a certain amount of danger connected with even one glass. He must express his gratification at such a large audience, and was pleased that the meetings had been so successful. He was sure that they would have a good moral effect upon the people. The Rev. S. Cutlibert, who has only lately arrived in Ballarat, was exceedingly obliged for the hearty welcome he had re ceived. He had most gladly accepted the invitation to speak at such a meeting, as he was deeply interested in all moral reform. He felt bound to congratu late the committee upon the fine in telligent audiences which met from week to week, and he would also congratulate the chiarmau upon the position he occupied, not merely as chairman of the meeting but as a logislator. He was glad that ilr Kirton though a young man had firm convictions of right and wrong, ami that lie was iu a posi tion in which his influence would be felt. He wa3 pleased that the meetings were car ried out on Gospel lines. With temperance on the platform and eternal righteousness in the heart they must prosper. He wanted more than a pledge-book when he went to speak with a poor drunkard. He knew that such a man wanted help to enable him to overcome the apetite for drink, aud that help was found in Christ. God’s strength was made perfect iu man’s weakness aud if those who were endeavoring to fight against the evils of habit relied fully on Christ they would be enabled to overcome their weak ness. He was nut asked whether he was an abstainer when invited to address tile meet ing, but hewas "proud to tell them ha was one, he was also a prohibitionist “to the backbone and spinal marrow.” (Applause). He was an abstainer on principle. lie would not lay down his convictions as an infallible rule for all to follow ns he believed in every man being fully persuaded ill his own liiiud, but as a Christian minister ho felt it to be right to abstain. It was hia duty as a Cnrislian. Sonic said God’s Word did not teach abstinence, but only moderation. Such a statement was false. Moderation was taught in the Scriptures only iu respect to those things which were wholesome and allowable, but abstinence from driuk was clearly taught. According to the Scriptures our bodies were the temple of the Holy Ghost, and they were commanded to keep those temples pure. They were void to shun the very nppcarauce of evil. He was a total abstainer for the sake of others. A Christian man was one who, like his Master, lived to help and bless others. It was a selfish motive which looked on religion as a duty. He- felt it to be a glorious privilege, and it was a noble and Christ like work to try and raise their fellows. He believed in aggres sive work. He was a man of war, not of peace. Peace, perfect peace, would be the ultimate end of their woxk, but while the evil existed and iniquity was found on every hand it meant war to.the hilt against its every cause and form. The last Government surplus was the price of blood, the price of tears, of bruised and‘battered bodies and broken .hearts. At election times lie would go in and support uone but those who would support restrictive legislatiou in regard^to the liquor traffic. He must before closing pay a tribute to the ladies, who by their noble work were the principal menus of gain ing such ail outspoken vote us that given at the Ballarat Hast Local Option poll. He would do all he could to help on the cause during his stay iu Ballarat. The following was the programme:— Chorus, by the choir; recitation, Miss Clarke; song. Miss' Bastion; chorus, choir; recitation, Miss Hooking; song and chorus, choir. Miss Jungheim ably presided at the piano. The singing of tho National Anthem brought the meetiug to a close. 