? LEONARD -LINDSAY, THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. BT ANGUS B. BEAOH. rrhi.il a tale of the tastgeaatttioo. and, sines -JsTlite men, hare their change, and s^ebmes Sfcg^ radesened fame,. <* snfte unnented ato- .j of liffe almo3t aa vividly as ; and it telle its staff in an laa pure and <xiq) «s Oat of Eobcrt Louis BCuvemen. Our readers will have a rare literary fbkt in tM» picture of tho d»v» wfcpn there was " jSe mm fljblBbermatta ling."] CHAPTER I. KT BOYHOOD, ASP BOW BEIN8 CAST AWAY AT BBA, I Alt CABBESD TO VBM WSST IHBIB8 \- n u n XT TILL. It was in the fair sunlight of a Key mornin the year of Grace 1672, that that ffaxaveship, flie Golden Grove of Lath, ' her broad sails, with maty a ,.i g pendant and streamer above stood proudly down the Firth » Forth, designing to reach the open «fean. not far from the bfil, well known ^ - W B bythe name of the North Berwick On board of the Golden Grove, I, Lindsay, then in my twenty-second r, WM, yon must know, a sailor, and I JIB a bold one. My father was a fisherman, ST aa I may Bay, his cobla wws my cradle. " • a rough rooking in truth it bestowed, tine, far it was his use even tefore I J , cropped go alone, ttp, to It oarry may me be, with Jnatatteedeafl, him »™h- "e my mother, with a creel upon her back, , mil eyed through the landward towna, and J feehouses of the gentry, to sell the spoil <lf hook and net. We faxed hard and worked hard; for ne industrious folk lived in flLefMter-tora K3A Leslie, a pleasant and goodly lur not far from the East of Beak of V OA Davie Lindsay and Jess, his wile t—tiny mother. Msnya w^Tf^ 1"^ ' have eome and gone since I beheld that ,eh whereon I was bora ; but I can yet mv eyeg and see oar ootlage Bod_ our -called the "Boyd TfaWBe 1 *—reeking be of the lon^roughpier of unhewn ^JinBtone, gathered from -Oe *M muirg which ran into the sea and ehdtewd tte pgu fither harbour, fonned by the tarn cffBalwearie, where it joins fee waters of its fcfeek pools to the salt brine. Opposite our \- - lwaB « pretty grega bouwdc, as we I it fiiat is to say, a little hill, mostly ef tSMKi turf, witt banobes of bent and Icog gmss, which nulled with a Bharp sad Mmd when the Mat wind blew • aaeu, eosily Into the chimney nent «* would "listen to the roaring of the ML But the bourook was oftentimes brown «9h nets or with wet sails sfreteheft tttexe to and below ft &ere;' lay, faalf-lnned in t&«uii old hosts, mooltteringaway, and vttts ana oue «S shivered, Ha IrenSaber o)d Davie Lindsay my fnther weSL He was a stem, Kg man, with a K»idy grey beard, 'dhaved but once a ffffnth No fisher oa the coast had « sorer hand for the tiller or a firmer stipe to haul aft the sheet of the fimsail in a fresh breeze and a gathering nfc. Often when we were rising and falling on the easterly swell, half-a-soore miles from tn* LesHe pier, he loved to tell me oldworld tales and sing old-world songs of the sea. Then would he recount how the Hover «gnk the bell which good abbot Ignatius, of Aherbrothwiok, caused to be piaaed upon the wild Bell Bock, a8 a guide to poor mariners; add how the pinto dreed the weird—that is, underwent the fate—he had prepared for himself, and lost with ship and crew on that Ttry reef. Sometimes, too, he would drop Ids -voice, and when I came dose to him, he would speak of great monsters in the sea; of the ocean snake, whose head looked up at the bridge of Stifling, and whoee tall went nine thnee around the Bass; of ringing mermaids who eome upon the yellow suds at night' and beguile men-with their false lays, till they leave house and home, bang betfitohed tfrthe glamour of elfin palaces under flu brine; and, most terrible of all, of phantom c&ps; with crews of ghosts, which sailors see tj the pale glimmerings of the moon. ffkeA H dimes. through the driving send, upon a mirk midnight and a" roar ag sea. But, then, if I was .fright «ned and cried, my father would straightway ohange the theme, and burst out .with cffongdear voice into some loud fishing song, «r,%rtiat I loved better still, into some brave, sttcient ballad, about the fair kingdom of gootlaad, and its gallant kings and stalwart fcjjghts; and of such, my favourite was fee }ly of Sir Patrick Spens, for he was both ~ lodght and a sailor. The kins aits in Dunfermline towu. Drinking the blude-red win^, O whare will I get a skeely slapper •ge tail Oris anlp of sitae t Then up mad spake anddern knlglit, 8rt Patrick the Spmsia king's riabt the best fawe, sailor That ever ttiliedthe sea. Oh, I can yet hear my father's strong Toiee •yffiig over the dash of the water and the •wfm of the wind, as he song the brave vmrage of Sir Patrick to Nottoway, to bring fwjwia the king's daughter; bat his tones ^ffiM dnk and grow hoarse and low, when lie chanted the storm, and the perishing of all the fair company on the voyage home. O, forty mile off Aberdeen Us fifty fathom de9> And there lies gnde Sir Patrick Spens, Wi'the Beota lords at his feet. SCy father's long home was also the bottom «f the sea. One wild Starch day, the coble |gft Kirk Leslie pier without me. I staid at •pj^rng a dreiee-net with my The easterly bar was on the that is to thick eold mists aid a keen wind. As the sun rose high so widths tempest; we could see nought sea- ja^rd, for the grey fog was out upon the pqler, but every wave came white, over and «y$r the pier, from end to end. Ky mother wtmt to and fro, wan, and praying to her' U0 ;' as indeed did many another fisher- •wife, for they had groat cause. The night Ws awful. I sat cowering beside my mother, who was rocking herself on a settle with her apron ovpr her bead; or now and Uien stole down to the b.ach, to where men Btpodwith lanterns upon masts to show the •fcatbour mouth to the poor folks at sea. Three boats, with crew pale and worn, made the land before the day : an hour after dawn «or ooble came tossing to the outside belt of the surf—but she was bi.ttom upwards. In a month after t!i!j, my mother and I went to ber father's, a very old man, and a reverend elder of the kirk. He sent mc to eohool to Dominie Buchanan, a learned rr.rle, who by his own account behoved to be of the 'race of the great Gcordic Buchanan, oi whom 4hpv tdl merry tales, which surely are idle and false, for he was a severe, grave man, handled the tawso unmercifully, as his loyal pupil, gentle Kiug Jamie, could in his time well testify. At school I was diligent, -and pleased master and friends. Afterwards, up to my sixteenth birthday, I •great much a fishingin the boat of Saunders Dtaugglefute, my maternal uncle, when de- siring tosee more of my country than could be descried in our furthest voyages between Kirk Leslie pier and the deep-sea fisheriesat the^aek of me Isle of May, I made |many aojjpsting trips, for the space of near fiveyears, in the stoat brig Jean Livingstone, belonging to Kirkaldy, dazing which time I twice visited the Thames and the oity of London; plying also once each year with a great cargo herringB to Antwcip, in the Low Countries. But still I wished to see the world further /from home, and to this intentpreferred rather t0£0 on board the Goldsu Grove of Leith as e. Common sailor than to be mate of the Jean Livingstone, a promotion which was o&erod; ne by John Swunson, skipper and part owne <jf the brig. The reason of my coming to think of the golden Grove was, that the Jean Livingstone Jiving a cargo of good* from Yarmouth to Edinburgh, lay while llfey were delivered dpee by the great ship, then preparing at -the foot"8f Leith Wynd for a voyage to Xtflly, and from thence to divers, ports on the Koorish side of the Mediterranean sea. Now Jtflly was a land which I had long wished behold as being once the seat of that great -people the Romans, some knowledge of the poetry and philosophy of whom, the worthy Jjjommie Buchanan had not fniled to instil aitfo me, but which I ofttimes felt with pain to be fartfading from my mind. Indeed, I must tell yon that H is to the exertions of that learned man that this narrative is altogether owing, for he, seeing, as he was pleased to say, a more congenial sou m my mind for the seeds of his instructions than was presented by the other fisher-boys, took great pains to imbue me with a love for the humanities, which has not deserted me entirely until this day. After much pondering upon my prospeots, I therefore finally made up mj mind to offer myself on board of the Golden Grove, which I did, and was accepted without more ado. My friends would have me pause and think of the dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and no robbers of the oea ; but I knew Captain Joh Coxon, of the Golden Grove, to be a stout and experienced seaman, and one who was readily trusted with richfreights—while as to freebooters, when I looked upon the araay of culverins, demi-culverins, and falconets ranged upon the decks, and also the show ef oarabinesand patterreroes placed about the masts, with many stout feflows to man antt wield them, I felt we could bid defiance to any rover who ever sailed out of Bailee. Therefore, to make a long stoiy short, we completed oar cargo, took in provisions and water, and, as has been said, oa a fineMay morning, I do not rememberthe exact, day, sailed. The wind was so faJrthat by evenfull we saw St. Abb's Hsad. And aero at tue outset of what was to me so adventurous a voyage, I would desaoribe mv oaptain and my shipmates, as well STAsherself, t£e latter being indeed a brave eraft, with top-gallant forecastle and high poop, soiw»onted by axw mat lanterns; bat, as the reader will shortly pereeive, the Golden Grove and I soon par tea oompany, and I never saw e&her; her «Jr_any of herer»w agsin. We earried tbe fair Berth wind with as all along the English eoast, until passing through the 8traits of Dover, we bade farewell tothe white cliffs. Then, in two days' time we saw ."Upon the larboard, bow grea recks which form the cape eaHef La Hogue in France, and passing to the westward of the island of Guernsey, sighted the litfie isle of Ushant lying off the port ef Brest, where the French maintain fleets and great naval stores. - Hereabouts the wind changed, veering round tothe westward, and speedily tolling in upon us billows so vast that we could well discern that we were no longer in the narrow teas, but exposed ta the great Strength and fiercenessof the Atlantic or "Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, we made good progress. Hie breeze was not steady, hat uew in squalls, making it often necessary to hand topsaSs, and raiang it seething seas around us, over which Golden Grove wide very gallantly. At nightfall on the eighth day ot our voyage, we lost sight of Ushant and entered into the great Bay of Biscay. The sea here runs exceedingly fiigh, tumbling into the shore in great ridgee of blue water; but with a stout ship, well the natvs ef the wares is not ao dangerous as that of the short, boiling surges in the North Sea. And now I oome tothe accident which so sadly determined my lot for many a day. On the morning of either the 13th or the 14th May the weather was squally and uneettled, and the sea irregular and high. About S o'clock, looking forth to windward, I saw a great blaeltness in the sky, which I took to be the prelude of a gust of no commo atnngth. ~ At the same moment the mate of the watch ordered the topmen aloft to hand the topsails, we carrying at the moment no higher canvas. My station was upon the leeward fore-topsail yardarm, and as I olnng by themanropes to the great creaking pieces of timber, grasping the flutteringcanvas of the salL I thought I had never seen a finer eightthan the great rolling ship below, wallowing and labouring in the white framing seas, which would sometimes strike her and pour heavy masses of cleargreen water in a flood over the deoks. When we were securing the sail, the motion aloft was very great, we being violently swung from side to side in such wise as might well make giddy even the grizzled head of an old mariner. Meantime, the gust towindward.was coming fast; (he blackness increased, and a rushing sound, as of the chariot wheels of a host, rose above the rude clamour of the sea. Then, amid great showere of flying brine, which, it drove before it, the fierce wind strook the Golden Grove bodily over upon ber side. At the same instoat I hearda hoarse voice below summoning the men from the yards down npoa deek; bat as I was about to obey, the tempest grew terrible. There were great clouds of mist above me, through which I could see nought below but the white patches of waves breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly the easvaa, which had not been quite secured,' was-torn open, as it were, with a load screech by the wind, and flappedand banged so that I felt the very mast shake -and quiver violently, while 1 receivedrude blows from the loose and flying ropes,insomuch as, being half Mined by that and the pelting of the brine, I shot my-eyes, and bending down my head gasped the yardfirtuily in my arms. I might lave remained thus three or four seconds,when Iheardthelondhowlof the wind suddenly inereasetoasortofeldritoh scream. In a moment, the mast gave two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and immediately a crashing of wood. Then, still dinging tothe yard, I was hurried with a mighty rush through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all gurgling over my head, and I knew at the game time that the Golden Grove had carried away her fore-topmast, and I was overboard in the boiling sea. By instinct, I suppose, I straggled to climb upon the floatingwreck so as to get my head and shoulders above water. Then I saw that I was alone in my misery, have said that my station was at the outer and of the yard, and I conoeive that my shipmates must have gained the top, sad from thenee, I hoped, the deck. Bat as for me, I saw nought but speedy drowning for my fate. The seas rose in great foaming peaks and pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of the waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy clouds passed swiftly, torn by the squall; but the pitchy darkness whieh showed where its strength lay, was far down to leeward, and looking thereat as I rose upon a higher sea than common, I faintly descried the ship in a crippled plight, but having managed to put her helm up so as to scud before the storm. She was already near a league away, and leaving me fast, so that the bitterness of death rose np in my very heart. For a moment I thought I might aa well die at once, and letting go my hold of the spars, 1 allowed myself to sink backward into the sea. But God has wisely made man to love life with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death as with a grim enemy. Therefore, as the water closed above me, and I felt suffocating, I could not help maWinostruggle, which soon replaced me on my desolate seat ou the floating wreck. I looked at the spars, and saw that the topmast had broken ouly about a foot beneath the plane which the yard had been lowered. Nearly th whole of the forefcp and the top-gallant masts of the Golden Grove, with the fragments of the foretopsail, which had been rent almost into ribben, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore in the sea. I clambered in from the end of the yard and tookup my position where the mast anil it crossed each other; making myself fast thereto with one of the numerous ends of broken rope which abounded, and for near an hour sat dismal and almostbroken-hearted, unheedful of how the waves tossed me to and fro, or how they sometimes burst over and almost stifled me. I was somewhat roused by a feeling of warmth, and looking abroad saw that the clouds had broken, and that the r gun was shining brightly ou the sea. The wind was also abated, and the waves not combing so violently, I was more at ea^e. Then I heard that terrible sound — the sound or the sea alone—which no one has listened to save he who has swam far from any vessel, or who, like myself, has cluus to a driving spar. Oa the beach you hear the surf, where the waves burst upon rock or sand; on shipboard you hear the dishing of the billows on counter and prow; aud, above them all, the sigh oi the wind and the groaning of the timbers aud masts. Hut to hear the sea alone. y 0tt must be alone upon the sea* I will tell you of the noise: it is as of a great multituiinouB hiss, rising universally about you—the buzz of the fermenting and yeasty waves. Here are no deep, hollow rumblings. Except for that hisEing, seething sound, the great billows rise and sink in silence; and you look over a tumbling waste of blue or green water, all laced and dashed, and variegated with a thousand stripes, and 6treaks, and veins of white glancing froth, which embroider as it were witti lace, the dark .masses of heaving and falling ocean. Hearing this sound, and seeing this sight, I tossed until the sun got high and wston. I felt no very prignant anguish, for my soul was clothed, as n it were, in a speoies of lethargy—the livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, but thoughts and tongue would grow frf^.imW together. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. 1 heard a shatp little dash in the water, and a soft quaokle, as of a sea-fowl. Lookiag up, I descried beside me two ducks of that species which we, in the Scottish seas, called marrots ; they are white on the breast and neck, and brewn above, and have very bright, glancing, yeQow eyes. Moreover, they dive, and use their dtort wings "under water, as other fowls do theirs in flying. By the appearance of these creatures I knew that land was, at farthest, within two days'sail. There—tilting gayly over each oea—they swam for hours, seeming to look at me ; sometimes they would dive, but they never went far from the wreck, always coming up and riding head to wind, with their Iceea yellow eyes fixed,as I thought, npon the poor drowning mariner. Xhpy seemed tame and fearless—for, indeed, what should they dread from me ? Once, in a sort of melaaeholy mirth, I raised my arm threateningly, but they stirred neither wing nor leg to flee,lifting over seas which would make a great man-of- was work and groan t her very keel, but which these feathered ships, built by God, could outride without a film of down being washed aside from their t white teeasts. , The sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend the westerly skies, aid. the afternoon was fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a summer breeze. Son.«times when oa the crest of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought save the bright horizon, against which the sharp outlines of the waves rose end fellin varying curves and ridges,so tha now again I resigned myself to death, and, covering my face with my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than sung inwardly to myself, many verses of - psalms, which, whea I was but a IktiechUd, I had repeated at my mother's knee. Meantime, I began to fed a stiffen- ing and a heavy drowsiness over all my limbs and upon, my soul. When I opened my eyes the heaving waters turned into divers ookrars before my sight, so that I knew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was departing, Howbeit, a holy tranquility came down upon me. Tbe blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw—bat dimly—the green bcmrock and the sweet, soft awaraed links of the Balwearie burn, with the brown herring nets drying on the windy grass. The place seemed holy and still; the sun was hot, and none were stiiring, and presently I knew it was a summer Sabbath day, for trom out the open windows of the grey old kirk there came a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, n as it were, in my brain, thej voices of£the congregation, as they sang— la Judah's land God u well l&owa;, TTi« name in Israel's great, In Salem is his tabernacle, In Zios is His seat. After this, there came on me silence and darkness, I having gradually fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rude shocks aud pulls, and a confused clamour of vokses. Opening my eyes with effort, I saw surging upon the broken water, dose tothe spars, a ship's boat with men, one of whom—he who rowed the boat oar—had grasped the collar of my sea doublet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort he succeeded, ere I could well makeout whereabouts I WM. Atthe same timeseveral voices asked, in two different langnages, what was my name and country, and how I came there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the one bring French, and the other Low Dutch, of which I had heard and picked up somewhat in my several voyages up the riverScheldt to Antwerp. I therefore^ trying to master my senses, replied truthfully that my name was Leonard Lindsay—that I was a Scotsman, a mariner of the ship Golden Grove, of Leith, wherefrom I had fallen overboard, the spar towhich olnng having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away ia tempestuous weather. . At this they consulted in a low tone amongst themselves. They were all seafaring men, mostly very swarthy, sad tanned by the sun end the wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold eorirngs, which glanced amid their greasy earis. Only two were fair and blue-eyed—namely, the men who first addressed me in Flemish or Duteh. After remaining for a brief time beside the spars, andseeming to consult as to whether they were worthy to be made a irizB of, they decided in the negative, and iipping their oars into the water, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching the run of the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In the meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of the boat, and looking over the bows, saw, not more than a third ef a mile from us, a bark, which appeared to be both small and frail to contend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new aud strange to me, for she earried two masts, both very stoat and short, and above than were two great supple yards, upon which was spread a good Aow of canvas, each sail being of that trinagular form, called by the seamen who use them, lateen. In fine,the ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean coast ef Prance, and was of the class named fcluocas. It was necessary to approach the vessel with great caution, inasmuch as she rolled and surged excessively. We therefore came dowly up, under her lee quarter, and a man, of very dark complexion, and the fieryest eyes I ever saw. jumped up upon the gunwale, and hailed the boat in French, but talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown on board, it was made fast to me, and without more ado, I was soused into the sea, and dragged on board the felucca, where I lay panting on the deck, while the crew—very wild and fierce-lookingsailors—amused them- with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, the man who had hailed the boat, and who seemed to have great authority ou board, cams up to me, and putting the rest aside, said more deliberately than before, but still in French, and with a peculiar accent— " You are not, then, a Spaniard ?" I mustered my few words of-French, and g answered, that—"I was not, but a Scots- Without more ado, he stooped over? me, and searched my pockets. They contained to some small English coins, being groats e and silver pennies, and also a letter, which Captain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone, had written to me to Leith. The sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for he spoke a few wards in a kinder tone to those about him, and presently leaving me, a , man dressed in a tarnished livery, like a lackey, brought me a great cup of hot distilled waters, which I greedily swallowed, and found myself comforted and refreshed. Being, however, much exhausted from the length of time which I had passed in the water, I laid me down upon a heap of sails in the foreeastle, and being taken but little notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for my deliverance, and began to drop off to deep. Only beforehand, like a sailor, I observed the course of the ship. The wind being westerly, and she being close-hauled, and labouring heavily to windward, I deemed, and with truth, that her destination must be aoross the Atlantic. But whithersoever she went, with my then feelings, mattered little. I was saved from an early death, and grateful for my escape, I fell into a deep and dreamless sleep. When I wakened it was dark night, and the firstwatch was set. As the wind, however, was now very steady, and the sea not only lower but regular, the men were mostly lying and dozing about the deck, except he ! that conned and he that steered. Seeing me stirring, a sailor presently came to me with a lantem in his hand, and, to my great joy, addressed me in English, astang me from from whence I came, and the particulars of my disaster. Having shortly informed him, I requested that he would tell me what the ship was which had ..rescued me, and what manner of treatment I might expect at the hands of the captain and crew. At first, he made as if he would put oS talkin of these matters, but as I was importunate, he asked me in turn, whether I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, Kit principally Englishmen, Frenchmen, and Hollanders, who carried on a constant warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of the West Indies, and along the coast of Darien, sometimes even crossing that narrow neck of land, and descending with fireand sword upon Panama and other towns of the Sooth Sea. To this I replied, that certainly I nadheard of these companies, bat only very partially and nothing distinctly, that they were, I sunpose, the adventurers called Mibustiers or Buooaneera, and more aneiently the " Brethren of the Coast." My new friend made answer moodily, that I should most probably have ample means of foot on British ground again—"That is, says he, "after you have either escaped or served your time." These phrases naturally threw me into great trouble, and I earnestly asked what he signified by them. "Why," he replied, "that you will be sold as an apprentice, or in ether words, as a slave, to the French West India Company, in the Isle of Tortugas, on the northern coast of Hitpaniola, whither we are bound." At these words I grew side at heart. « Better," I said, " tohave allowed me drown in that sea than to have resetted me only to sell me into slavery." " Not so,'* answered my companion, something sternly. " You are young, and have a o thousand hopes before you. The hand that miraculously preserved" yon this day is ever stretched out in wisdom and mercy, readier to help than to chastise." ITOBE oosrrsTED.J ' 