SUPREME COURT-CIVIL SITTINGS. T Before the Acting Chief Justice and a T a Common Jury). MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. The Court sat at 10-30 a.m. HARWOOD V. PERTH GAS COMPANY. The hearing of the case was resumed, when on behalf of the defendants, the re- examina- tion of Mr. E. W. Wigglesworth, the manager, was continued. Witness said his experience was that gas companies' men were necessarily familiar with explosions, as nearly all leakages were found by explosions of a greater or lesser character, light being used to trace them by. It was only in exceptional conditions that damage resulted. Witness explained the exceptional conditions which, he alleged, obtained in the present case, and caused an absense of ventilation and the universally recognised condition of a gas. tan.k, namely, a smell was not to be found. James William Wright, architect, deposed to making a survey of the premises shortly after the explosion. He made it on behalf of Mr Har wood, and estimated the damage at £50 5s 6d. Mr. Harwood, Mr. Wigglesworth and others were present. The account witness sent in included 2 2s for the survey fee, and amounted to 52 7s 6d. He examined the building again, last Saturday, and so far as he could judge, the main walls were uninjured. When he made his first survey he saw some of the furniture. Some of it was covered with calico. There was a good deal of time on it, and there was a lot of glassware broken. The witness was cross-examined at some length with regard to Us estimate, which, he maintained, was accurate. New lime in furniture was a bathing naturally. James Brittain, builder, deposed to having, in company with Mr. Wigglesworth, examined the damage, and estimated the amount of the damage at £48 or that it could be repaired for that amount. Cross-examined : He could have got it done for less than that. Stephen Weston, recalled, stated that at the time of the explosion the balcony door and front bedroom windows were open. Mr. Parker, for the defendants, urged that the evidence went to shew that the contract for the supply and laying down of pipes was completed same time before the explosion occurred, and that if the latter happened through any action of the Company's servant it was during the execution of his duty, and was directly due to imperfections in the building causing an absence of ventilation, rather than owing to the negligence of the Company, whose servant was, of necessity, unaware of these imperfections. If they came to the conclusion that the Company was responsible for the accident, and consequently liable for the daasaga it occasioned, the learned counsel contended the jury were bound to accept Mr. Wright's estimate is correct, so far as the building was concerned, and, with regard to the furniture, he contended the evidence went to show it needed nothing more than cleaning. Mr. Hensman, in reply, contended that the contract was not completed till the pipes had been sufficiently and properly laid, and that the evidence went to show that this was not the case. So far from that the gas service was very defective, causing a large escape of gas, and the danger caused by such an escape was heightened by the dangerous and negligent conduct of the Company's servant, which resulted in the damage complained of, for which the defendants were liable in point of law. Upon the subject of the damage, the learned counsel contended that the estimate which had been furnished in the evidence for the plaintiff was not excessive, and that Mr. Harwood was entitled to that amount. His Honour, in summing up, said there was a contract between the parties, in order to carry out which it was necessary that the pipes should be supplied, and ultimately laid down, so as to complete the service of the gas. It seemed that, down to a certain period, shortly before the explosion, all necessary things were done, but they were subject to the testing of the pipes, by the defendants, and handing them over to the plaintiff. Before this took place Mr. Harwood ordered from Mr. Wigglesworth, certain fittings, and he (His Honour) need not tell them that the fittings would be no use without the pipes, nor the pipes without the fittings. Mr. Wigglesworth told them that on the day of the explosion, the work was being tested for two reasons, the first, being to test the meter, and the second, His Honour presumed, was to see whether the "fittings were working well. Having shewn that Weston, who was evidently a man of experience, had received notice of the escape, His Honour said the evidence went to shew that Weston had committed an error of judgment, by shaking the pipe, and was, in fact, thinking more of the cause of the leak, than the leak itself. It was clear that Weston did not anticipate such consequences as followed, in fact, no one but a thousand Weston's demeanour in the box shewed he was not that,-wouldhave remained near the aperture with a lighted candle. With regard to the laying of pipes, while they might not be prepared to go with Mr. Lapsley in the system he advocated, it might be a matter for their consideration' whether the pipes were properly laid. They would also have to consider whether there was not. a defeat in the pipe when it was laid as to allow of the escape of the gas. With regard to the question how the hole same, he thought there was no evidence who did it, or how it was made, although it was evident it was caused by a new. All they knew was that there was a hole. His Honour pointed out the difference between applying the light, test for the discovery of a known quantity, and using a lighted candle, as Western didn't the presence of an unknown quantity of gas. Having reviewed the question of the damages arising out of the injuries to the building and furniture, and stated he did not think the claim exceptional, His Honor left the following issues to the jury Was the escape of gas occasioned by the defect in the pipe ? Wes there negligence on the part of Weston in using a lighted candle ? if so, what was the amount of the damages r The jury retired, and after an hour's deliberation, returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages 200. I \- Judgment was directed to be entered for this amount, with costs The Court adjourned till 10.30 a.m. the following day. tar THE journal of the Psychical Research Society contains a curious "ghost" story. It is communicated by Major L." who says On a fine clear night, many years ago, I and a brother walked home between 10 and 11 o'clock, after spending the evening with some friends. On our way along the high road we passed a small villa situated close to the sea-shore. An open level grass lawn lay in front, reaching to the road where we stood, from which it was divided by a low wall. The lawn was enclosed on either side by walls and small trees, the house being in the open space directly opposite us, about 150 or 200 yards distant. Our attention was somehow attracted, and we saw what appeared to be three indistinct figures in white, which seemed to rise, as it were, from the ground in front of the villa. The figure in the centre was taller than the others. We watched for some time, and finally the figures subsided just as they had risen. I think there was a slight declivity in the ground close to the house, which was probably built on a lower level, and thus the effect described might be accounted for if figures had approached from the base of the house. There were many houses in the immediate vicinity, but, so far as I can remember, they were closed at that hour, and there were no people about. I feel almost certain that the villa was not then occupied, unless it may have been by a caretaker. On arrival at home we related what we had seen, and were, of course, laughed at, and indeed the matter did not make much impression upon us, and in a short time passed from our minds. Some years afterwards I was serv- ing abroad with my regiment when I received a letter from a member of my family who was present on the occasion referred to, recalling my memory to it, and stating that the lawn had recently been broken up, that in the spot indicated by ns three skeletons had been found, and that the one in the centre was the tallest. I should add that there was no story or legend associated with the place, that the discovery of the skeletons caused much surprise, and that, so far M I am aware; no clue has been found to their identity or history," 