PA RLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A CARPER. There is a French saying in reference to ghosts, which runs, "I don’t believe in them, but I’m afraid of them nevertheless." It is much in this way that the Government treats the caucus. It was only to be ex pected that Mr Munro, if. lie did not directly cast in his lot with the caucus, would yet give it such support as was necessary to make it a bugbear to the Treasury benches. A less astute leader thau Mr Munro, who this Parliament has dis played a cautiousness most unexpected might have gone further- ami gained less. Whether the power behind Parliament is sufficient to keep the whole of the caucus together is still uurevealed, ami will be uutil the crucinl’vote is taken: Mr Munro, in real'- fighting attire, is always an interesting study, ami it is some time since we hud the pleasure of seeing him don his war paint and hurl defiance at the Premier. When he was a free lance in the Corner his outbursts were frequent and erratic. Mostly it was upon trifling subjects that he dis played the most care;: hut the taking upon himself of the cares and responsibilities of leadership dill away with all this volcanic energy and transformed him into a watch ful, always-in-the-House member, who knew when it was best to hold his tougne. It is one of the mis fortunes of party Government that an Opposition member is under some necessity to find bad in everything proposed by the Government; ami more than one excellent speech has been spoiled by this shadow. Necessarily Mr Munro found much bad iu the Railway Bill; that goes without saying. Much bad could at uuy time be found by such a clitic, and yet do no damage what ever; but in a case where the critics are so many, and so micioseopic iu their investigation, it is not diffi cult for a speaker to put together many things that really do damage. It was this way with Mr Munro: The long ad journments between the first and the second readings of the bill, and the dose and wide spread ciiticism that it has received, gave the leader of the Opposition many sugges tions which lie used effectively; hut for all that his hardest blows fell short. Finis Coronat opus runs tho proverb, and in the same way the finish crowns the speech at such a time as this, and seeing that the objections taken by Jlr Muiiio to the measure were vital, and, to appearauces, valid, i\ tacit acquiescence with tile second leading was a poor conclusion. Oliver Wendell Holmes professed to have found the key to all human motives aud philosophy iu what he teimed “ the order of things;” and however far out it may be in ordinary affairs it very closely reaches the great cause of most political enigmas. It was the order ui “ thingß” that spoiled the otherwise effective speech of the leader of the Opposition, and it is the same peculiarity that causes mem bers to take more interest in the lobbies than in tile Chamber. Who lias courage enough to vote against a Railway Bill; and, no matter how deep the discuntent, who has courage enough to move a resolution that will lay it aside? Each little line stands secure, how much mure then the whole bill. It is accepted that the second reading is a matter of course, ami therefore the sharpest criticisms aud most fiery fulmiuutions are “ but splitting the ears of the groundlings.”" Mr Thomas Smiih, of Emerald llill, is “ like the eat i’ the adage, letting I dare not wait upon I would.” Last session a tiusted supporter of the Miuistry, this session lie fills the chamber with bitter complaints, but dreads to cross the river after the meu who have gone before. He longs to find Captain Taylor and Mr Dixon in their realms of but fears that in that un known country on the other side he may find himself tied tu folk he cares little about. Like many other unfortunates, Mr Smith has several reminiscences of the laud boom, aud he lias au idea that a change of Govern ment might make more tangled a skein that is hard enough to unravel even now. So Mr Smith wails from the corner and votes with llie Government, and everybody listens in silent pity. Sir Bryan ou Thursday was indignant, aud well lie might be, for the baronet, who carries the fortunes of liis nation under the southern cross, to he threatened with a meeting of Port Fairy electors, calling upon him to resign, was mure than flesh and blood could bear. It might be poss hie, though it would be a souck to hear of it, for Warrenheip or Kilmore to breathe sedition towards its sitting member, hut Port Fairy never. The House was not over full while he was speaking, hut Sir Bryan for all that uever spoke better. Duly ouee did lie find it necessary to hunt after his authorities. Generally there are many pain ful pauses white the baronet is dudiug the place he carefully marked, & pause follow'd by* an extract from the wrong place; but on Thursday his speech was as warm and vital as the Irish blood in his veins. It was not upon tire House though that his choicest sentences fell, uv towards the Premier that he looked when lie shot forth his invictives. The smiling row of faces in the gallery, headed by that of the king of Moitlake, told the story of the speech. Neither Ministry, nor caucus have been very strongly impressed with the claims of the Western district, and their case is somewhat hopeless; but Sir Bryan desigued to show the listening delegates how he could fight; and when one of his race essays that role we know what follows. “ Pattersou is never at his best,” saida member after the clever speech of the Commissioner of Customs, “unless he is in a temper.” At such a time as th it the elect of Custlemuiue deals his most sledge hammer-like blows. For once Mr Pattersou was cool and col lected last week, aud, as a consequence, if not at his best, made a remarkably clever speech. It was conciliating in its tones, in cisive in its criticisms, and accomplished all it was intended to accomplish. In debate the Conimissiou-r of Customs is always fjared; but he developed anew character istic, of digging pitfalls into which the new and untutored followers of the caucus Walked most innocently. “ Let us under stand each other,” saitl Mr Patterson, in bis sweetest tones; “does the caucus intend to Strike out any of the Givernm.’Ut lines . “No, n chimed in Mr Biker, who i=a kind of lieutenant of Mr Officer, the last “ no” being cut short by ail impressive (hg iu the ribs from Mr Woods, who kuows more of these matters than Mr Baker Theie was one query of Mr Pattersou a that might be asked with iqual effect o many other places that have been uragge from their native obscurity during the hm few weeks. “Who lives at Cbb-st. cried, wheeling round upon Mr luster, w jumped to n startled attention, and , ,1 answered “ 1 did.” “ Who lives at Orb, st. repeated Mr Patterson; “we are hearing much of this Orbnst.” He might l-.aie»= ' e who lives at Merricks, or Koetung, au sundry other places whose wants haie - come national so suddenly, or he might * a gone further and asked ivhn lives at ‘' n ' ’J dale or Guildford with as little satisfaeti 0 ”' As he was speaking on behalf of \- them was some consolation Mr Patterson’s assurance that die would uot be thrown upon the t_i. e _ members to worry over it as they un the tariff. Another session of work sue we had lust year, for which no one was . responsible than Mr Patterson bin' > would rißg the death knell of hone.-t P n jjj and parhaps the wisest course thi , bo followed was the course po'" 1 out by him. “If the caucus „ going to hang together— e 1 cried one. “ Well,” said Mr Patterson, you are going to govern the l’ ollc - v 0 , ve3 country you had better take upon y . re _ the responsibility of government, am » . . . . The caucus said nothin,,, looked important. “ Thirty-eight lims. thirty-eight members,” he went on * t ,; e six” cried-Mr Bikpr. “Well, rCl '.' J on ’t Minister,” if you are so strong « ) f ., you take your proper responsibi i > • very natural query too which eon os kernel of this caucus trouble. R.-van’s It is well enough known that - ir J opinion of Mr Gillies as a to poor one. It was reserved f l ’ l _ _ ~{the unveil it page »f the unwritten hi"-y r alliance, sub rosu, of Sir i»y;’ n , Sir Gillies’party in ISS2 to give 1 ppor ter. Bryan’s opini'iu oi Mr Gdli® 3 as ■ • „ sa i(i “ When the Premier was in opp,' sl p:)i’i c s “I Sir Bryan. “ U by,” answercdUr sat where Mr Officer sits. , ’ you Sir Bryn.-, “ you sat there but ho« * ae‘? the hon. member intiigu' - a 011 )y ministry more than once, an accept became a certain paper ‘ mlCf , tube Colonel Smith that it did from» effect.” A naturalist builds a jgSS fossil leg bone. o . u \ , Vi-'.,” of Victoria what a different f ollt ' cal 'j 1 ® . [L e „ danger 3 could be built up. Oh. the h«*« , „ of this “ paiuful riddle of the ear . 