PART III. * CHAPTER XVI. THE GHOST OF THE LAGOONS. They were a fishing trio of the lagoons, Chiozotti, in fact, well known for their industry and their piety. They had been heating about most of the night without hauling in anything worth mentioning, until it was nearly morning, and then having called down a blessing from the saint whom their brown illuminated sail glorified, their net had filled to overflowing. They emptied it with much rejoicing upon their reeking deck, and then spread their canvas to catch the morning breeze for Venice. It wanted yet an hour or so to dawn, the first opaline advances of -which began to move the curtains of the Eastern sky. Only a handful of pale stars remained in the heavens. The sea had been rough on the previous night, and a strong under swell was left in memory of the passing storm. The picturesque smack rose and fell with a regular cadenza of motion. While ? one of the men' steered .'and- attended to the. .navigation, the other two AV ere busy getting their fish into the lipid, singing.all the'.while a kind of answering chorus to the chaunt of the steersman. Presently the soloist paused; in. his song to gaze intently to windward where1 he fancied he saw something in the water. It was not a boat, nor was it a fish. It might be; a piece of floating wreckage. But it looked strangely like some awful vision of the deep. Tha helmsman said nothing, but crossed himself devoutly and looked in another direction. The opaline glow that had at first been very faint now gave place to streaks of pink and grey and red ; it looked like a stormy breaking of the morning. There was an unusual shadow, too, upon the sea, the steersman thought. He feared to look to windward, though he tried to smother a." superstitious dread that came over him in a repetition of the fisherman's chaunt, and again his mates took up the refrain. He no longer saw the strange weird something in the sea ; it was still there, nevertheless, rising and falling with the swelling waves. Once in a way the first beams of the morning fell upon it as if with inquisitive glances. Then the shadowy forms of the Euganean hills began to assert their presence far away beyond the mainland. Further North the cold white Alps were getting ready to make their appearance on the distant background of the hazy picture. By-and-bye the islands of the lagoons would put in their claims to recognition, but for the moment there was only one object to be seen. And now they all saw it. The fish with their shining scales and bright dying eyes had been stowed away, and suddenly the man at the helm, pointed a long bony finger in the direction of the ghost-like obj ect to windward. The thing was recog- nised in silence. It assumed an almost upright attitude with the rising of the waves ; and. as they receded, it floated backwards as a graceful swimmer might. It did not, in taking this new position, however, buffet the water as a live swim- . mer would, but rose and fell with a ghostly rhythm of motion. When its head topped the waves horizontally it showed a human' face-distorted, white and swollen-with dark hair. . All three toilers of the deep now saw the apparition. , It was more than a ghost and less than a man. Was it some pernicious creature of the sea ? How should they avoid it ?, ~ ; ' They tacked. They.." turned their eyes to leeward. Tiley made as if they would sail for the open sea. , The morning hesitated at the portals of day. Once or twice it threatened to go back into the night. Unusual clouds began to gather about the East. A heavy fall of rain pattered down upon the sea. The swimming figure followed the ship. They had both struck the same current. The sailors now saw it in a new quarter. They were afraid. Again they tacked. This time the prow turned towards the Lido. The men had resumed their course. Presently a long streak of light illumin- ated the waters. The rain ceased. It was nearly morning. The sun forced silver lances up into the clouds. And now there could be no mistake. The figure was human in form, but its face was a weird, deformity. It was a goblin, a monster, a something horrible. It had great white hands that were steering it towards the ship. Its head rose and fell with the waves. They could all see the nameless thing. They fell upon their knees and commended themselves to their saints, and more particularly to her who had vouchsafed them their goodly haul of fish. Then they took counsel and came to a decision. The monster was a ghost. They were convinced of it, these three Chiozotti. They crowded all sail to get away from it ; when suddenly, as if undër the influence of tlie god of day, the wimül fell1 and" there1 -was a dead calm. . The sea;,, however, still! rose and fell. There weane- no -waves. BiitÁ the keel of the boat omad'e a gurgle and1 ai, washing. The sea seemed as if trying to?> break into a wave, hut it only slopped up against the ship's sides.. One of the men thought there, was something- like a sob accompanying the bulging motion of the .water. ' They tempted the dead breeze from every point, but the ship lay still and tho morning in silvery splendour began to salute and glorify distant objects, flashing now and then through the clouds into a white path across the lagoon right up to the ship. In one of these passing illumi- nations they saw the ghost clearly. ' It is no ghost,' said the braArest of the three ; 4 it is a dead man.' 4 Did you ever see a dead man swimming with its arms and legs as a live man swims r" said the other, fortifying himself with a long drink froan a bottle which he handed to his mates. 4 It does indeed swim,' said the helms- man ; 4 that's true.' 4 What harm can come to us,' said the first, 4 having commended ourselves to the Virgin and to our own much beloved and beholden-to saint ? ' 4 She did not help Pierre when we were wrecked and lost our mate,' said the helms- man. * 4 Forgive hiin, Santa Maria ! ' exclaimed the second fl sherman ; 4 he knows not what he says ! ' 4 It is no ghost, comrades,' repeated the* bravest of the three, i only a drowned man let us take him in tow.' 4 What if he takes us in tow ? ' said the first of the Ohiozotti. 4 Truly, what then?' exclaimed, the1 helmnsman. 4 Look at him ! Dead, do you say? Yes, a dead-alive; he swims, don't you see it, first on his breast, than on his sideband thirdly on his back. Do drowned men swim like that ? ' «It's the action of the waves,' said the second fisherman, talcing another drink. < Strange action !' said the first. < Yes, I grant you,' said the second; < hut are we cowards ? Have we been out in all weathers, and seen strange sights by night and day, and are we going to be afraid now that the sun is rising and Venezia begins to look across the water to the Lido ?' 1 No,' said the first spokesman. \- < What shall we do, good comrade ?' ' Lower the boat and take the drowned man in tow ! ' said the other, handing the bottle to the steersman, who emptied it and found himself more courageous by two wine glasses full. 1 But see,' he said, < nevertheless it is coming along of its own accord. It needs no assistance ! ' ' There will be a reward,' said the second sailor. ' I see gold lace ; it is the body of an officer in uniform.' ' Don't romance,' re- plied the first fisher- man ; ' it is the glint of the sun on the water.' By this time the sun was really getting up in the heavens. The sky was beginning to turn blue. Distant moun- tains came nearer. 1 Lower the boat, boys,' said the bravest of the three men. I will fasten a line to the ghost ! ' The helmsman crossed himself as he lent a hand to his mates, and presently the boat was slipping to the stern, where the second man dropped into her and began to pull towards the strange figure which seemed to be literally playing with the waves. ' Yes,' said the Chiog gia fisherman as he approached it, ' gold lace sure enough, but what a face! and, mercy on us, how dead-alive it looks with its hands waving up and down. Ahoy, mate, heave to ! ' with which exclamation of personal encourage- ment he flung a thin rope across the body, and so manoeuvred ii that in a minute or twc he had fastened ii stronger one to it, and the ghost of the lagoon answered to the tug oj the boat which the fisherman began to pull for the smack. The vessel hove to and the adventure] having fastened his boai to the line flung out bj the helmsman, scram- bled aboard. The ghos" floated in companion- ship with the vessel's boat which droppee quietly astern. Tin Chiozzia smack nov hoisted her painted sails and steered for tin channel by the Lido. It was an ebb tide and the water, as Mr Symonds tells us in hi ' Italian Sketches ' a such time, runs past th mulberry gardens of this pleasant hamlet like a river. The fishing boat, with its ghastly figure at the stern, swung into this . rapid stream aided by a freshening breeze, and from the other side of the Riva no doubt looked a pretty object, as indeed it Avas if you took no note of its half submerged cargo-the dead passenger, with its great white hands and its equally white face, like soft, half-tanned leather. On went the boat and its silent witness past the grove of acacia trees which rise out of its tall green grasses, where the first butterflies of summer were disporting them- selves for their brief hour or two of gay and radiant life. Presently the vessel's course was changed for the Custom House, and now she went gliding along with no swelling motion, except such as the wooing wind gave her. The sun was up. Venice was alive. A little crowd of early workmen had gathered round the Victor Emanuel statue. The last remuants of the decorations were "being removed. The pigeons in the Grand Square of St. Mark's were fluttering over their first meal of the day. The two royal standards opposite the famous church were flying in the morning breeze. A cluster of gondolas were lying by the steps in the shadow of the !Lion of St. Mark's. Picturesque groups of men and women were standing near. The gorgeous palaces we're glassing themselves in the Grand Canal with blurred effects of form and colour made by the rippling water. Round the corner of the Pizarro Palace, where the Countess Straven sky had looked down from the window of her boudoir, however, the water was still, and showed every line of architecture, every lichen on the ancient walls, every bit of ooze and green slime that clung to the lower stones on the water's edge, but there was no trace of ' the tragedy of tlie recent festival any more than there was of those others which had preceded it in bygone days. Nor had the wavelets in front of the palace anything ? to show or to say of the magnificent reception, the gay and festal music of which had been the dirge which Vengeance had prepared for the Russian general who had presided over the outrages of Czarovna. All the world looked so happy on this morning, as if the bright sun, the soft breeze, the clear sky, the perfume of flowers (brought from the mainland by a passing boat) had been given as compensation for the closing of the royal festival ; or as if the spirit of Venice had risen up to let her worshippers feel that the City in the Sea needed nothing of festival or music or royal guests, or flags and banners, and painted boats to make her desirable, but that she was loveliest without aught else but her own beauty. - And yet trailing along her dreamy city was that "bleached and ghastly thing that a little way off: looked like a strong swimmer at his ease, his extending arms and legs rising and falling with the motion of the vessel in company with which he was enjoying the "bright gay morning. But what a ghastly mockery it turned out to he when the Chiozzia smack cast anchor and dropped her sails. And what a recep- tion it had from the chattering crowd that collected on the quay--all talking at once, some crossing themselves, others prof essing to recognise the corpse, all presently making way for the Custom House authori- ties and the police. ' General Petronovitch,' said one of the chiefs of police, ' he who disappeared on the night of the illuminations ; and this (taking from the body a dagger that was entangled rather with the clothing than with the flesh) the cause of death, perhaps.' ' " Gold lace, sure enough, but what a face ! and, mercy on us, how dead-alive it looks, with its hands waring wp and dawn." » On the blade of. the rusted knife could still be seen deeply engraven a word in Arabic, which a learned priest translated into Italian, French, and English. They were the same Arabic letters as those which were embossed upon the amulet that the Countess Stravensky wore at Mrs. Chet wynd's reception, and the word was 1 Ven- geance ! ' Thus the judicial murderer of the Rabbi Losinski, the assassin of the household peace and joy of the Klosstocks, and the scourge of Czarovna, flung after execution into the sea, had come back again to Venice a witness of the far-reaching hand of Nihilistic vengeance. 