IN AND ABOUT THE CITY. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide, October 15. " If it had not been for the strike1" This is the wail of the shopkeepers and tradesmen generally. "You see," say they, " things were juBt beginning to look up; empty houses were I tilling, and there was a nice demand for pre mises of a certain class. But just as we were getting into the swiag, everything was put a stop to by this confounded strike I" (Objur gations follow ad lib.) . . . By this simple plan it is said that THE STRIKE MIGHT BE STOPPED, namely, let the strikers "dock" the pay of the officials and strike leaders all the time that the strike lasts, and announce that their pay would recommence and be doubled as soon as the strike ceased. This specific remedy is regarded as infallible! . . . . This was related to me the other day by a tradesman : "You see we have not only the inconvenience and loss to bear, but they come round, they do, and COLLECT FUNDS FOB THE STRIKE. Two men came into my shop the other day and aBked me, * How much are you going to sub scribe to the strike fund, Mister?' *I don't know as I shall subscribe anything.' ' But you live by the working men, don'tcher?' 'Hive by selling my goods to my customers, working men among them.' 'Well, then, of course, you'll subscribe to help them in the strike.' ' No ! I don't think I shall.' ' But you'll have to, if you expect to do business.' 'I shall please myself about that; it's not very likely that I Bhall subscribe to keep a strike going that is already injuring my business.' 'Well, if yer don't you'll be a marked man. We shall remember you when the strike is over, and not another customer will you get from among us chaps.' ' I'll take my risk of that; but not a penny will you get from me.' And the men went away threatening because their demand was not complied with. That's the sort of cocrcion we tradesmen have to submit to, if we would keep our heads above water." I cannot vouch for the truth or otherwise of this, but hope it is very much exaggerated There has been a marked growth of slang among the well-educated sections of the com munity as well as among those from whom ex pressive expletive and contracted euphuisms may naturally be expected. Such phrases as " Oh, my ghost!" " Oh, my skeleton !" " You bet!" and the like take rank beside " Awfully nice!" and the superlatively grotesque and hideous commonplaces adopted by the young and frivolous. A better taste-perhaps re active-is making a protest against this vulgarity, and every now and then J hear of the establishment pf an ANTI-SLANG SOCIETY, ' with a large membership, and a fine for every detected use of slang words. The definition as to what may be considered' slang leads to an exercise of a very fine discriminative sense ; and so large is the habit of using slangy forms of expression that there are pleas advanced, for permission to use such harmless forms of ex clamation as "Oh, my !"and '' J.guess," as a kind of safety-vent to the. over-charged conversationalist By the way permit me to express my regret that in social life one finds as few good conversationalists as one sees good walkers in the streets. The slouch, the stride, the waddle, the wriggle, the shoulder-walk, the crane-neck reach, the stoop, the stumble, the Blipshod - all theso varieties one sees, and rarely the graceful, undulating step, well-poised body, the admirably-controlled gait, at onpe elastic and strong. It was supposed that dancing-lessons would confer such teaohing as would drive gawkiness out of the community; but if we have the dancing we have also the gawk left! . . . My. daily contact with my fellows leads me to comment upon the COMMON METHODS OF SPEECH. There ia slip-shoddiness in this as in manners. Let me say that I have often wondered at public men, who have to address their fellows, being so infrequently distinct, clear, and forcible in their vocalization. Let me take THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL as an exemplar. There are members who have been more or less before the public for years, and yet-I have it on the best authority-some of them seem utterly unable to make them selveB intelligible to the repprters. There are - MBMBLKRS AND STUMBLERS amongst them, who become involved in mortal struggles with their ideas, and in the fight, idea and speech capacity, both are overthrown, and cannot regain their legs. The notion with some of the hon. gentlemen appears to be that he speakB bg3t who speaks most indistsnctly ; that it is well to sink the head down well be tween the shoulders and rest the chin upon the breast; and he who desires to be well reported should cultivate a sort of sotto voce, enlivened at times by a sort of spasmodic gurgle and a hawking cough. The distinct and sonorous speakers in that august branch of the Legisla ture may be numbered on the fingers of one band. Unquestionably the HON. J. H. GORDON is the best, as he is also the easiest and most natural. Next to him, perhaps, is the HON. DR. CAMPBELL J and coining next-and improving very ra pidly-is the Hon. the COMMISSIONER OF CROWN 1AKD8, Mr. Copley. His record la excellent, and it is not often that a man from the plough direct, so speedily fashions into a sensible and effec tive legislator. TIIE HON. H. SCOTT is a most pleasant suave speaker when he | pho.osea, and remarkable for the clearness of his articulation and the sequency and apposite neas of his utterances. (Just now he is hard at work wooing future votes if I mistake not!) THE HON. J. H. ANGAS , speaks distinctly also, and on important sub i'ects always with preparation. The Hon. Mr. iaker speaks as a rule just as though he was the exponent of a thunderstorm, and had got Eeveral on him waiting to be used. The HON. DR. MAOAHEY still speaks ns though he was struggling with a thesis in a University Debating Club, and was pot yet within cooey of modulation and self-re liant use of his vocal organs. A' present he does himself far less than justice, and his friends are waiting. The HON. MR. ADDISON speaks in an honest, direct sort of fashion that begs its way to the _ favor of nts hearers, because they recognise conviction in every tone. He has an excellent voice, and ought to become (as I have no doubt he will in time) a good Parliamentary speaker. The HON. H. E. BRIGHT allows his utterances to slip out in an easy, fluent, continuous stream of words, often re peated. The 3f HON. W. A. E. WEST-EK8KINE would have made an orator if he had chosen to take the trouble. No man in the Council can speak more clearly and forcefully than he, should he choose to lay himself out on a great subject; but alas I he mostly contents himself with things not very great, or at best having only a faint tinge of patriotism. The HON. MB. SALOM is perhaps the most cogent and shrewd talker in that branch of the Legislature, and one for gets that he belongs to the moBt exclusive religionists the world has ever seen when listening to the pleasant honest expression of hia liberal views of men and things. His difficulty is a not very clear or sweet voice. Among the most sensible and most suggestive of the talkers is your old friend the HON. MB. KBICHAUFF, who never speaks unless he haB something to say, and then says it in a manly open fashion, and with fair maBtery of English. He may be regarded as one of the good and useful reasons why the Upper House should not be abolished, as has been so often suggested. The HON. J. V. O'LOGHTJN is a young man with a young man's voice and a young man's incertitude of conviction and expression. He has a "well-meaning" manner, and when he shall have arrived at something like a maturity in politics, and shall have lived down his ever-present sense of disparity with his surroundings in a wealthy Conserva tive Chamber, will speak and act to much Greater advantage than he does at preeent. 'or the rest, perhaps, it is not well to be too critical. There may be good reason why oratory has not been tneir strong point; still there might be improvement. I well re member that there were some wise men, in the early days of the Victorian Legislative Councjl, who had acquired politics and patriotism in storekeeping and bar-tending. When ambition found a home within their breasts and they be came " honorable," they-conscious of a little unpreparedness-were wont to make a bargain with literary haoks for quarter of column speeches, which could be learned by heart, delivered by rote, and then handed to the re porters. This plan saved a world of trouble, and won for them a reputation that will go down to posterity per favor of Hansard. There are some others who- sans stores and bars-might take an idea out of this and do well upon it I ... . Vale the Counoil. Perhaps I may venture a like review in the House of Assembly some odd time; and I fear that there I shall find less room for meroy. THE BALVATION ARMY have been having a special time in Adelaide this week, and have forced a recognition of their claims to be regarded an an effective factor in the improvement of the lower stratum in the community. It is now only the ill-bred or the directly vicious who decline to regard them as an agency for good. That they do " raise the fallen and cheer the faint," and bring men and women out of the ways of evil is incontestible; and I am not surprised to find men like Dr. Cockburn and Mr. J. H. Gordon giving their friendly countenance. For my part, I think the more highly of them for adventuring to do that which the leBS courageous and sincere would not dare to do In the presence of the self- denying efforts of " the Army," the average efforts "-those milk and water res pectabilities-performed by staid and orthodox " Christians "-of other denominations sink into almost absolute nothingness. Indeed, the reason to be in the case of some of the Churches seems to have disappeared, the Sal vation Army having taken tneir work out of their bands I must add a_ pre scription. There are Bigns that the strike is weakening. AIbo there are visible evidences of anxiety regarding the possibility of it inter fering with the ingathering of the harvest. But there are suggestions that there need be no alarm on that score, inasmuch as the whole affair will be over before the end of another month. Meantime the outlook for the crops is said to be exceedingly satisfactory; although it is said the bay harvest will suffer for lack of hands in the hay-field. I have heard of far mers in the north having to turn in their stock upon two-ton to the acre crops because labour was not available. BE not deceived by specious representa tions ; see that you get WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. Accept no other. - The official figures of the Agricultural department show that there aro 400,000, milch cows in the colony of Victoria. These are computed to give 146,000,000 gallons o! milk yearly, representing, at 8d per gallon, a value of £4,866,(366. VVattlo trees aro au invaluable possession. On ono plantation in Victoria last year, 400 tons of bark, valued at £3,000, were stripped from 2,000 acres of indigenous wattle trees. The expense of planting, sowing, and plough ing is estimated at under £1 per acre. At the close of the year 1889 there were 2,045 day schools and 17 night schools in operation under the Education Department of Victoria. There were 250,429 children on the rolls of these schools. The value ot the dairying industry in the colony of Victoria is supposed to be about £3,000,000 a year. This is more than twice the value of the gold-mining industry. 