Sunday Services. Rev. Hugh Cairns- at Wickham Terrace. The pulpit of the "Wiokhain torraoe Presby terian Church was filled by tho Rev. Hugh Cairns yesterday, both morning and evening, when large congregations were present. In the evening tbe rev. gentleman based his remarks upon Matthew, 27th chapter, Slat verso — "And behold tho veil of the temple was rent in twain from tho top to the bottom, and the earth did quake and the rooks rent." The preacher eaid that the life of Jesus Christ from its beginning to its close was, when viewed from a merely human aspect full of the greatest mystery. At his birth there bad been the visits of angels to the earth, and in the aky had rolled the eeraphio mueio, " Feaoe on earth, goodwill towards men." At his death the same myBtery also was present. Christ had only been oruoiiied three hours when he oried, "It ia finished, " and gave up the ghost. Uruoihxion was a slow mode of deAth, and no donbt the enldenneBs of Christ's dissolution had caused great wonderment and surprise. Then he had oried with a lond voioo, a thing hardly to he expected of one who was on tbe verge of death. They read also that a great dark ness fell npon the land, a darkness whioh trans cended even the terrible darkness whioh fell upon Egypt in judgement at God's oommand. As tho darkness bad vanished and light onee more covered tho faoe of the earth, no donbt the Roman centnrion had been surprised to find the three viotims still in their plaoes on the crosses. At the ninth honr He had oried " Eloi,,Eloi, lama sabaohthani." The first thing he wished to impress upon those present as be ing taught from Christ's death, - was different to all other deaths which the Roman oentnrion had ever witnessed. Not only did the unusual events which he had before mentioned hapnen at this time, bat they read "And, behold the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom." All the mysteries of the Holy of Holies had been exposed to the vulgar gaze, even as Christ's body, whioh was the temple of His peoplo, had been exposed to all. Death bad rent the veil of His temple and drawn the line between mortality and immor tality. By the_ rending of the veil was signified that the necessity for the law of the Jewish ceremonial had passed away. Everything written by the prophets concerning Christ had : been fulfilled, and when He said, "It is finished," he no donbt referred to this cere monial law. He had made reconciliation be tween an offended God and an offending world, and this was the only way that conld have been fonnd Into the Holyof Holies. Death was the veil that had been rent, and- through that death Christ had opened a Way to the 'new and living life. He dealt with ' the threefold conatitntion of the ; temple, and likened them to the threefold Heaven spoken . of in the Bible, and said' that no donbt the one was typical of tho other. In that holy of. holies, behind tho veil whioh had been for ever torn asunder, was the meroy seat. Before the veil had been rent the people oould not go direct to this meroy seat, nor even near it, and were foroed to offer sacrifice for their sine. Now the direot path had been opened np by Christ's death, one and all oonld fall before , it and seek salvation. As Bonie of the ao'oom- ptnying miraclee of Jesns's death it was Btated that tho " earth did quake and the rooks were rent, and the graves were 'opened, and .many bodies of the aaints whioh slept arose.". The first Was typical of tho meroy and power of God ; the second of the power whioh God's gospel was to exert in other years and other lands with tho hardened hearts of men, and the third miracle was a promise of immortality to man. It signified tho new awak- ning, immortality, and regeneration. Those who were dead in ein should rise' from tbtir graves, through the power of Chriet'a saorifioo whioh had rent the veil of the temple and made the way to the meroy seat easy for all to pursue. The preaoher made an earnest and elcquent appeal to all to seek the meroy of God at onoo through the veil whioh had been rent that man might he saved. - ' 