^Bfafe Stolen Manuscript, Ifrauk Duncan, sat in Ms JIttle halll)ed rooin, in the f ourtb. story of a ^heap New York boarding bouse. A wheezy b*&ncl; organ ^rfks grinding out * Sw*6tf Violets,' $gl6wf andin the hall he .cputd Jbtear his ihrill voiced landlady berating Bridget, stupidest and laziest o£ servant: girls. Life Just then .seemed as inexpressibly dull and dreary as the gray December day. He thought of the mirth and cheer of his country home^-r-of the land grave father, the sweet voiced, gentle mother, the jolly, feue hearted sisters, who formed so preci ous a circle around the hearthstone. ?' And to-night,' he murmured bitterly, * my place is vacant there. Oh, why* did I ever leave that peaceful, happy life for this miserable existence! Why waB-I so foolish as to let the dream of fame and fortune lead me into the clutches of this great selfish monster of a city ?' - y He rose and went to his table, on which lay a confused pile of manuscript plays. As he sorted them over with nervous hands, ?what ghosts seemed to stare at him from the neatly written pages— gtiosts of lighted hopes and dead ambitions. At last, he could bear it no longer. Whirling the table near the little grate which was supposed to warm the room, he muttered : * I'll have a $pod fire for once,' and, one by one, lie dropped upon the smouldering coals his luckless manuscripts. How they blazed as the fire fiend kissed them and fled up the clnmney with them, ;bo&y; and souL i So manager could deny them brightness now,' thought Duncan, smiling bitterly, * nor their drawing power- I never heard the chimney roar so before. It is like the murmur of an audiance when a hit is made.' As the last manuscript was laid with its companions, a stout man with a pair of sharp, roguish eyes opened the door and peered in. * 'What's the matter, Duncan ?' he said. * I've been tapping, gently tapping — oho ? I see you've been making a holocaust. Going to give it up, my dear boy?' * Yes, Banks,' replied Duncan, wearily ; « why shouldn't I ? Sit down, and I'll tell you all about it.' ' You needn't,' said Banks, sitting down and crossing M3 legs comfortably. * I know it already. You've been here six months, and have made a door mat of yourself for the managers. Their high mightinesses have either treated you as a wolf whom it was their duty to keep out of the dramatic fold, or received you as a King of Dahomey ?would receive an offensive subject whom reasons of state protected from immediate execution. The plays you. nave submitted have either not been read, or read with an eye blind to merits, and alive only to faults. How do you like the picture ?' * You have drawn it well,' replied Dun can. * I am sick and tired of it all. I have destroyed everything but one play, *' Fair and False,' now in the hands of Ma nager Dinks, of ;the Forum Theatre/ ' I remember it well. In my judgment, an excellent piece of work,' said Banks. * 'Which willfbe returned with thanks, as usual. Well? let it go. I'm done with that kind of thing forever. I shall go 'West, and go into . law as soon as pos sible.* A few weeks afterward Duncan hung out his shingle in a thriving Western town. He soon caught the spirit of the place, and within a few weeks was spoken of by a local paper as * one of our most enterpris ing and promising citizens.' What with dealings in real estate and a growing law practice, he soon found him self forgetting the period of disappoint ment through which he had passed. He was now in danger of going to the other extreme, and becoming a mere money grubber. From this he was saved by meeting a congenial spirit who roused to life again the nobler elements of his nature. Edna Atherton was no ordinary woman. In her dark eyes there glowed at times a fire that showed her capable of * strong he roic deeds,' and yet there was * a beauty in lier life' that won all hearts. Duncan soon found himself suffering from the passion he had so often depicted, and after duly experiencing the doubts and pangs which lovers feel, he had the felicity of finding himself an accepted suitor.' For a time he now knew real happiness. But on the brightest horizon there must come, sooner or later, a cloud. What was his dismay on learning that the woman he worshipped was an aspirant for the honors of' the stage. In vain he argued and pleaded with her. Nothing could shake her determination. At last Duncan gave up the struggle, and- when Edna, in com pany with her family, went to New York for the purpose of studying for the stage, ? he found comfort in the belief. that the trials and disillusions of theatrical life: would soon %send her back to him completely cured of her folly. .. A year passed away. Duncan was fairly prosperous, and ? would have been quite nappy but for. Edna's absence. One night a message was handed him. .Opening it, he read these words: * Am ' sure your manuscript has been stolen. To be produced at Forum Theatre on 6th. Come at once. Banks.* Duncan leaped to his feet, crammed a few necessaries in a valise, and took the next train for New York. Whether Bank# was right or not, here was a sufficient pretext for leaving business and going on to see Edna., / r '?' -, , - When he reached the city, he had barely jafrpie to snatch a hasty meal at the hotel, .-and dress himself for the .performance. He had sent a message to Banks on arriv ,.- ing', and; Whferi he came do wn he found the 'good-hearted coinedian awaiting him in a ? state of . great excitement. ; .,. ,;i;.A/- ' ? ;..-,. * I juskfcappene^ ,.«t the JForum the'35t&er; ; dayyixeiaaitt, 'and ^oond' * ib?e1i£ -reheajfehig ? *? I?a3x arid JPalse',*' /? They don't-, call it^ihat, but, yon Jknojr, I .*- read your play, arid I -can swear ???J#8/ ^&e; ? ?-j]fcwp*ja.i3pOT'twQ^ ,'? ^_ When the two i^i^i^MBW^^^i^ -eelvesina^ ? v ? ? 59BrvQU8^y;'a^ tlie programme. ;^l|» iS^ $% ' . ^hV^TOnangk^jpi^jr :;^MV^y«)tt^^;^^li|dt ' jand.,Tj:ue,^ biQ :; J!--:^3*r^tfus.SSw^ ^ I 'There are lexceptions to'allTules, my boy. The actors |n the east Hell me -the lady is wonderf ully clever, and if they say so it must be true. Besides/ the manager is no fooL* By this time the house was 'filled with a brilliant assemblage, including all theiirst nighters and many celebrities. It was such an audience as Duncan, in the old days, had of ten longed for. ,' Presently the curtain rose, and the rustle of fans and buzz of conversation ceased as the first words were spoken. With what a strange sensation Duncan recognised one speech, after another. Changed as the play was here and there, he soon' knew that it was the child of his brain, and wondered if indeed he were not dreaming. He glanced again at the pro gramme. The author's name was given, but it waB one of which he had never heard. . Just then a murmur of applause began, which deepened into a roar, as a tall, stately woman who evidentlyimpersonated the heroine of the play, made her first entrance. If Duncan was puzzled before, he was stupefied now, for the queenly creature who moved so gracefully, and acknowledged with such regal dignity the ovation called forth by her loveliness, was none other than Edna. He shrank back that he might not see her. A furious anger seized him. Was it not hard enough that his play should be stolen, without having to see the woman lie loved an accomplice, as it were, in the theft ? What did he care hat each successive act proved a triumph, and that, at the end of the third, the author was imperatively called for. : The snaking and smiling manager apA peared, and inwell turned phrases thanked the audience for their approbation, and regretted that the author was unavoidably absent. * At least,' muttered Duncan, * they did not have the audacity to ring in an impos tor in person. He was silent a moment, and then, with a sudden outburst of fury said : e Banks, I'm going on the stage, and confront that oily scoundrel, and call him to account^' * Do it,' said Banks, ' and I'll back you.' The two friends hastened to the stage en trance and, rushing by the astounded door keeper before he could stop them, hastened to the stage. The curtain. had just fallen, amid a thunder ox applause, and the mana ger, delirious with, delight, was dancing about, shaking hands indiscriminately with the members of the company. Edna stood near the centre of the stage, very pale, now that the effort was over, but still strong and self contained. But as she saw Duncan she turned paler still, and trembled like. a leaf. Taking this as a sign or conscious guilt, her lover cast one furious glance at her and rushed to the manager. As he paused before that personage, unable to speak for the moment, to his in tense surprise, Dinks put forth his hand in the most affable manner, and said : * Mr. Duncan, I believe ?' * Yes,' said Duncan, ' and the author of the piece played here to-night, which you have stolen.' ' My dear boy, be calm, be calm,' said the manager in his oiliest accents. I think we would better let the young lady ex plain. I understand she is a friend of yours.* . . -? Not if she knowingly aided and abetted the dishonorable work of whicli you have been guilty to-night.' As Duncan looked at Edna,, expecting to find her cowed by the reproach, in his tone and words, he saw with amazement that she was actually smiling. * Frank, my dear boy, won't you listen ?' she cried. There was such a depth of love and gen tleness in 'her tone that the savage in him was tamed in an instant. * Go on/ he faid. ' Frank, you remember when you tried to persuade me not to go on the stage, you told me of all your trials and disappoint ments, and how at last you burned all yoiu* manuscripts, except one which, yon aban doned to the mercies of & manager, not caring enough for it to claim it ? Well, one day that manager, who had been kind enough to take me into training, 'was showing me in despair the host of manu scripts that had accumulated upon his shelves. Among them I saw yours, I begged the privilege of taking it home and reading it. I did more. I studied it ; I admired it. And when, after months of toil, a first appearance was granted me, I insisted that it must be in your play or not at all. At last . I conquered. And then I asked that it should be produced under a false name, so that, if by any chance it did not succeed, none of -the dis grace of' failure should attach to you, while if it succeeded all the glory should be yours. You will find your name as author in every paper to-morrow.' At once Duncan ^aw how nobly and generously Edna had linked ,h.er fortunes with an untried play for his sake, andhow earefully she had planned either to give 1 him fame or save him from the penalties of failure. The revulsion was so great that he could not speak, but he pressedJEdna's hand with a ; fervor that spoke louder than words. What a . happy man 'he was that night I And during the after years, though sorrows came at times, his path and Edna's proved smooth and bright. For she was one of the few gifted women who can give art its due without robbing home life of one lay of beauty; _ , The success of the new play won Duncan back to the field of authorship after all, and. he has won many successes j yet, strange to say* none greater than the play ^wMch he thought at first was -so surely- **; A Stolen Haniuaieript.''-^-- C. T; DAzey, in ihe 