OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (fboh oub owv coubbspondbmt.) Yr* . ^ '? BBPTBMBRaSO. ° 1 The 'strike is getting very trick, its future, t-Mindioated by tbe prominence aooorded to its noidenceinlhe 'polnmns. of tbe morning aud evening papers; 'i- growing decidedly inter mittent. Willi '% strong tendency to exhaustion, I -*15 very now .and again it put* on .a sudden *purt, bat then it alls back to a fainter y^beatthan tefore.' It has run through every \j£*Ke/ riaing on the ascending scale, from j, VjThejitrika' to .the 'The1 revolt of labor, 0 , ?ad it has now got back again to ' The labor ''difficulty.' From pages it has shrunk t-) ?eolnmna, and shortly, as I fervently hope, I shall have ^to ? find another ' subject ' for' '^my weekly lettier. Of course; the Trades' Ball magnate (entirely repudiate .the fain teat hist of failing powers and waning interest ijfia uar Agi«avar-uenerai morpny, who claims to be ap old soldier talks in stir ring martial 'phraseology of tbe preparations 'ipr future deadly combat . By the way, let me ' guarl 4t£alnab -any clianoe of the foregoing being misconstrued. Mr Murphy really is en old soldier—a very 41 old soldier'— Who hns had an «ctoal Oonoectionwith the army. - He was attached to the' commissariat, and was reoommended to retire, because of bis un ' 'conquerable prodelieHon' for 'haranguing his comrades on political subjects. But to return to our mutton. As an old warrior be speaks In stirring martial strains of 'closhtg tip our ranks,' 'standing shoulder to shoulder/'; P ordering - an advance along the whole line,', 'calling uj) the re serves, ' etc., etc., but it is a oase . .ttljeoxttjnv&reanihil.; I. ike the wind, he ia always Kowing about something! but there is pntiiing in it, and despite the lond talk the ?tiike is fast ending in a fizzle. Tbis js nob intended to underrate the amount of mischief which ,it has done,^ but simply t to express my convidion that it is dribbling out, ana next to the abstention of the employers from consent ing to a conference while there is a distinct re fusal to acotpt their cardinal points, I think this result will be mainly brought about by last Thursday evening's meeting. Up to that point the strike oommittee had, in sporting parlanoe, 'run the whole show,' but then tbe executive offioers of the unions were called in, and they have decided to strike a levy of ene ' day's pay in a week to support -the strike. 1 This will settle it promptly, for I think it is'l certain thst nothing like one-half of the unionists in work will cash up. and then it will be a question of collapse for the strike or ool- 1 lapse for tbe unions. The state of affa'rs was pretty well indicated by Sunday's 'Mass' meeting* which only brought together from 10,000 to 12,000, and yet the strife e leaders talk as loudly ss ever of the power they have at their backs. A rather amusing phase of these labor troubles has been tne way in which it baa brought out journalistic unionism in its own defence. Some 12 months ago tie men on tbe reporting statf of tbe Ape trok the initial ive in forming a Exporters' Association to block cer tain little games of a very nice youog party they then had as chief of staff. The work prospered mightily in their hands. All the other offices fell into line, and st present^there are not half a dozen competent reporters in tbe city who are not mem ben of tbe association. Having thus oatab liihcd a corporate entity, the reoording angels mean for the future to preserve the dignity of tbe corporatio and its pro fession. They will stand no nonsense from anybody, bat as they extend fair play atd courtesy to all, they mean to insist upon cour teous treatment in return. This they gave the members of the Broken Hill Conference very clearly to understand last week. When it met tbe members pasted some resolutions as to garbled ana inaccurate reporting. This had reference to no special case but to a sort of general proposition Hereupon the secretary of the association wrote requiring the withdrawal of the ob noxious resolution, and intimating that Mel bourne reporters did not garble or -render things insocurately, whatever .Broken Hill piwn might do. At first tbe members of the conference were inclined to laugh snd brush the thing aside, until it was broadly bint-d that tbe result would be a refusal to report proceedings, and then tbe response was that made by the ooon npon which th* redoubtable Glockett bad just dawn a bead ' ' Do'nt shoot, kainel, I'll core right down.' The lesolotion was withdrawn, and a courteous apology was tendered for the misapprehension nnder which it was passed. The secretary of the association is now after the scalp of the re doubtable Murphy of military fame aforesaid, who has been bosjting to a lot of Richmond admirers as to what a great men be is, and what ' very small potatoes aod few in a hill' the reporters are. They mean to have an apology, and I devoutly hope they may net get it, for if ih*y would just eit on suoh fire brands as Mr Murpby, and refase to give bimL importance by rr porting his frothy fanfaro-* mHm, they would extinguish him, and thus benefit society. We have many notables in the city just now to attend a function which is positively unique in Australian annals, the banqueting of the retiring Governor of one colony by the public of the other, as a testimony of their esteem before he takes his departure. It is with purpose in view that Sir James M*Bain, the President of the Ijpgiplative Council, and Sir Mat' bew Daviee, Speaker 'of tbe Assembly, banquet Lord Oarrington this evening in the noble Queen's Hall of tbe Houses of Parliament. Lord Kintore and the leading men cf South Australia, will be among tbe guests j our own Governor and our own political and official notables will be present, and the event will partake ot a spe cially oordial character, of which even Lord Oarrington may be proud. We are tn trounie aooue sustrs in connec tion with our own Government House, and there are very many crumpled leaves in the rose couches ef tbo e therein resident. Tbe pontile of Hopetoun is going home by tbe H. M.S. Victoria, which leaves rn the lltb, and the Court chronicles, wbich never lie, say it is on aooount of her health. There are, how ever, other circomstances connected with the 'business ahich indicate that annoyance at a .number of things has much to do with the sudden determination to retire. I do nnt think Melbourne ha* realised her Ladyship's expectations, aod tucdry mistakes made in opening tbe doors of Government House so very wide, have eatailed unpleasant oonse quenoea in the shape of vain regrets for un desirable associations unwittingly formed. There is a Capt. de Moleyns, her Ladyship's brother, and bis Lordship's A.D.C., in tbe i affair, and altogether the atmosphere abont , Government Bouse is terribly eleotrioaL Trade in the city is dull, and even C5up time will baidly liven it up to concert pitch. Whether tne strike continues or not, tbat fnjury already inflicted, asdthor-- will be weep ing and wailing among tbe jackals of Judab over the golden stream heretofore p- ured by Pemos into their capacious pockets at Cup tine, but wbich on this occasion will have dwindled into a very tiny rill, comparatively ?peaking. It it telling terribly on the drapers Uso, but, though I hare beard many deploring the deprosed state of trade and the absolute stagnation among spring novelties, I have not heard one wish tbe strike ended except on the terms the emplo) era have laid down. We are to have another attempt to run a high-class magazine here, and with what seems at present to be a mobt euoooraging prospect of sncoeas. Tbe successor to the defunot t&nlennial; is to be oslled tbe Critic. Tbe \- Robertson, who is supported by a whole phalanx of University dons and learned pro feseore, and to my mind the greatest fear is that the venture may be swamped by the weight of metal it carries. Tbe general editor* are to be Professor Tucker and Mr Baldwin Spencer, M.A.; thn sub-editors use up tne-ha'f the alphabet between them to denote their «Aolaatic distinctions ; the smallest contribu tor is to bo a B.A., and even tbe 'devil' is to tiave as academic tail. Tbe magazine will come out this week, under splendid auspice', and there seems to be every prospect of its UVJlprop0j of this subject, I may say that the 'pepgtog out' of the Centennial basreliev.d me oi a norrible doubt. 1 have never peaaed to wonder wby. among communities that are so fairly intellectual as out*, we nave never beea ame to run one deeent, bigh-claaa monthly tnagazins, and make it pay. Thinking over the subject, I passed in review a long list of ebeeted literary ghosts, labeled tbe Australian Jlfonthlg Magazine, the Colonial Mqrithi , tbe yietoriau JZcvieto, Once a Ifonth, etc K etc. etc, and then tbe terribe thought suggested itself— bad the fact of my having perpetrated poetry for each pi these periodicals anything to do with their dtcline , ' frtctiaeMont? When the Ctnlamicd came along in the iiittristB of literature ' I plaoed a rqriraiut upon my Pegasus, aud never wrote it a jitgle. xet it a'ao died, and r.ow I 'i -Und il tbe bftr of my own conscience, ' honorably acquitted of pontributing to tbe Mterary funerals of tbe^past, . ^-Therein trouble tn^nnityagain.' Ypu re -member X4old yc-u about six weeks ago how the student* , Aad guyed 'thp . warden and forced him inefligy, ^heoaBbirdof Enquiry \- -waabeld, andthestuavnts*were wktd to put their eomrfeinte sg»Tft«t. -the warden in writing. Th-y did io, ^but not in a %o please . the .Coj^ocU. and Ml Xj. Atkinson, a Taeiranian student, who was chairmsn of the meeting at trhiohthey wen formulated, was etpejled Then another cneetiug was held, a protest framed, and the j chairman .of that meeting .w&« also expelled. Acting under leeqj ^dvioe, bolh students re fuse to leave* the collegs without written notice, anfl the ether sfudente deolare thst if th»4agiv*nthey *1U leave in a body. Bo the inatter 'ttanda at presant, and its result will ? {trk tmt durtaff U»e ve sk* ? 