A FRIEND'S VICTIM [By ALTON HUtLnA.] COHAPTER III.-(Contine?ud.) The mesmerist turned to the toilet case, took therefrom a pair of clipping shears, a razor, one or two bottles of dye, and prepared to change my physiognomy and personal appearance to suit himself. And what a metamorphosis he wrought, as lock by look my brown hair fell to the ground! My eyebrows becameblack as coal, and my chin and lip as cleanly shavenas a youth's. I was no longer myself. No one for a moment could have suspected my identity; detection would have been impossible. My new, mesmeric friend was an artist in his peculiar line, and I took almost a humorous pleasure, as he did interest in his work, while I watched each expression and feature of my face change under his brushand pencil. So delicately to truth did he draw each line and pencil each shadow, that veritable disease seemed to linger in my hollow cheeks and sunken eyes; in fact, all the wreck wrought by a wasting fever was stamped upon my countenance. The greatest surprise to me was that my features became as characteristically Italian as those of the men about me. It was all done by a process of enamelling. Not once did the artist speak till :his work was finished; then, with a smile, he exclaimed, throwing down his brush,--" Dio in Cielo could not recognise his handiwork now." The next thing I was commanded to undress hastily. I obeyed each order as if my life depended on it. A complete monk's suit was brought to me from the inner room, this cos tume consisting of underclothing of fine quality and unlike any I have seen. Then followed the heavy black cowl bouind at the waist with knotted white cord; then the cap, with hose and sandals. I looked indeed a veri table Florentine monk. "My artis the only thing that can saveyou," remarked the artist as he helped me dress. "You may think us far worse than we are; do you know what your fate would have been should the clues and evidence we hold against you be known ?" Clues, evidence against me! I sickened and grew paler under my paint at the very. thought his words suggested. This man must certainly imagine I knew nothing of the mystery he was palling about me. What could he know of the presentiment which, com bined with his words, enhanced the appalling dread of learning morer What of Tito's letter, which .I had only read in part! Had he read it also ? "Heaven !" I cried, " what devilish plot is this; why have you tracked an ainioue. an, throwing an atmosphere of suspicion auu,.: .lJii. that would convict a saint ? Tell me ~ll; lut ':z know the worst at once." "That is right, keep your kerchief from your eyes; if you are not a fool you will fealize the situation.". The mesrr.erist placed a heavy hand upon my shoulder and continued: "We began amicably; let us continue. I am a stranger to you; the peculiari ties of my nature you do not know; study them well. What I say to you is good advice, for we shall yet travel together, and I trust be companion able. I shall be considerate toward you for your true position is known only to me. There is no reason that you should not smile contentedly, ap preciatively, beneath your mask. The situation is not so bad; when once you learn the setting of the scene you will find secret exits to use at will." The expression of his face changed and showed plainly some deeper thought possessed his mind, as the shadow of a cloud may rest deeply beneath the surface ripple of a lake. There was a .peculiar influence about him which thrilled a listener, almost making him cry out with nervous pain. Yet I noticed all his strange powers and the strong emotions which he undoubtedly possessed seemed vio lently held in check. At the same time my mind became rested and found a sort of soothing sensation in contemplating his own. I felt to grasp his hand would be sustaining. It perhaps may seem unnatural, con sidering the circumstances, but with the overwhelming dread which the night had brought; in the uncertainty lining the roadway of my future steps; in my abject ignorance of the fate which lay before me, I feared lost this man should leave my side, I dreaded the blank that would inter vene did he remain speechless, and departing from this mystery leave it blacker and moroe exasperating. '" I cannot understand," I began fal teringly, "yet I know I am your vic tim, and one about whom you may have wound a chain of evidence that would make a world believe me guilty of whatever crime you wish." He roused suddenly and looked me full in the face. ''"You were his friend," he said, " and truly no Italian blood ever ran in worthier veins, nor did I ever know a nobler man than Tito Salvi!" I became almost unmanned at" this sudden speaking of my friend's name. I grasped the mesmerist's hand and whispered vehemently: "Heaven knows the truth of what you say; you have fired me into an agony of prohension and suspense. Tito Svi! I dreamt of him to-night, toll me something, tell me what you know of him !" The rattling of the window sash and a swash of rain against the pane came like demon voices warning him to answer my appeal by a silent look; and so he did, while my face fell on to my arm, my prayer for hope died on my lips. In vain I tried to hide distractingvisions from haunting my sight. "It is useless," I gasped with burn ing breath, "you are right; come what may I am at your mercy; the innocence of a helpless man is absurd in the eyes of law and of men. You alone know your own plot, it must be a tale of your own telling. Surely you will leave no stone unturned, or a false thread in the weaving of your designs." I was speaking more to myself than to the man before me, and my words suggested new thoughts, new emo tions awoke within me. I threw off, as best I could, my attitude of dejec tion, a smile straightened the bitter curl of my lips. "You are my friend," I said insinuantingly. "You have hid me from the light of day, from the latent consequences of any desperate act. You have cloaked my personality with the robe of piety and melted my features into those of another man." IMy assurance seemed to both please and annoy him. home uncontrollable sense of limited power began to creep into his heart's blood and brain. With a movement, all impulsive, he leaned towards me and hissed rather than spoke in my ear: "Do not for get your presentiment; no cup of poisoned wine is more pragnant with evil than the air which you now breathe. At this moment were I to sting your ear with one word of naked truth you would crawl from here trembling in every limb, fright and horror greater than that of your presentiment would chill and congeal your blood; yet," he added, with wonderful change, "I am, as you say truly, your friend." In spite of his words I was com posed. My weaponless guide was in deed a protection. I felt as if Paul Castleton had fled the world. I saw myself as if I were looking at another individual. He seemed pale and frightened, while my features wore an expression of sanctimonious calm. He saw visions of a trial for murder; bench, jurymen, and judge, and the gallows towering in the background with noose and trap. I was being protected. He stood naked in the noonday, the world seeking him out. I was hidden behind the features of inother man. He was clutching at every straw, death and Tito Salvo staring him in the face. "Does it not strike you that our talk is idle-worse than useless, when your. words breathe mystery and every sentence is an unanswerable question ? I can stand it no longer; take me away from this vision-haunted cham ber. Let us make haste, the night is gone, I desire to know the worst." As I spoke I determined to proceed cautiously, yet with seeming confi dence. Circumstances alone must be my aid. My knowledge of human nature igniting with natural tact pro. duced a fire of almost complacent con fidence. It was with eagerness now I wished the end to come, be it what it might. " Be patient," replied the mesmerist, and h11 ,.?.. to the two men who had remained perfectly "ileiii during orll conversation. His eye fell upon the letter which had fallen to the-floor from my hand before I had finished reading it. HIe picked it up. glanced his eye over it, and it appeared to me showed considerable emotion as he did so. Without turning the first page, having read all he desired, he folded it and placed it in his inside pocket. For the first time his manner was re strained. Powerful he was, master of the situation undoubtedly; why then did his face suddenly pale and an atti tude of momentary weakness come over him ? Isprang to my feet with an inclination, even in my half-bound condition, to fall upon him and de mand an explanation of his unwar ranted conduct. At the moment he swerved towards me, and accompany ing his words with a polite bow, said : " Pardon me, sianore." Isat down. He slowly walked to my trunk. " Pardon me, signore," he repeated. "It is necessary to my pleasure and your safety that I examine your trunk; it may contain something which if brought to daylight might bear compromisingly upon our case." I realised some new step was about to be carried out. That this strange and confident man knew more about the contents of my trunli than I knew myself I had every reason to believe. A few articles of clothing were taken from it, and while I looked, wonder ing what frightful object or clue would next be produced, the mes merist waved his hand, and one of his companions extinguished the light. We were in total darkness, save for a few ghostly rays piercing the window from a street lamp. What had they found not meant for my eyes to see? I tried to penetrate the darkne.s, but vainly. I could descry nothing but the outline of the mesmerist's figure crouching over the trunk. How false and useless my conjec:ures; how misleading every act of these men, who played so well a part before my very eyes, I was ignorant of their simpliest act. For a time I was ignored by them. Fre quently the rain and moaning of the wind, or rattling of the window frame, caused me to shudder with fear, thinking a tap had sounded on the door, and that in a space of draw ing a breath we possibly might be discovered in the act of accomplishing some weird, unimaginable crime. The light was renewed as suddenly as it had been extinguished; then all was quiet, and I saw the mesmerist had returned to the trunk all the clothing and effects which had been taken from it. There seemed naught for me to do but study these new acquaintances. I noticed that their movements, lang uage, and bearing, bespoke them to be g~aitlemen of culture and refine. ment, undoubtedly belonging toa high and refined Italian class. It did not seem possible they could be guilty of murder. I could not make up my mind they were responsible for the death of Tito Salvi, should the morrow prove beyond all doubting the truth of my presentiment and his-that he was no more. Every moment the affair became a greater mystery. Cbn clusive thought seemed to lose its tension, and my head whirled and swam painfully. With a desperate effort I fought for consciousness;. by force of will I sent the blood from my head to my chilled hands and feet, yet the figures about me became blurred, almost intangible. There was some thing nauseating in the air Ibreathed;. a sickening odour filled the room; a flash of light, almost blinding in its brilliancy, blazed near the mesmerist, for a second only, and was gone. What could it mean? Was I suffo cated? Mingled odours of sulphur and acid filled my tongue with poison ing taste. I could no longer stand without aid; I reeled, and, half un conscious, fell to the floor. " Give me something to drink," I gasped. "My throat is burning, I can bear this horror no longer." One of the men, I believe, quickly responded to my call, and I drank a draught of their own concoction, which seemed to give me new life. The man then cut the cords, partially binding my limbs, but it was some moments before I could rise. "The beginning of the end has come," said the mesmerist, in a hoarse whisper. His face had become deadly pale. I was helped to my feet. Haste now marked every movement of these strange men. The mesmerist took a sheet of paper from the case of vials, and, having opened anink bottle, placed a pen in my hand. A light as from hell shone in his eye, fixed on mine, and then my mind and will be came his own; it was the work of only a second or two to will me to sign my name to a few lines upon the paper. And as if in a dream I took the pen, as if in a dream I scrawled my name, semi-conscious tha' it would prove my death- warrant. I felt as if cased in ice, to melt which I must succumb to his desires. I did not even read what I had signed. I had but just dropped the pen, when a hurried tap was heard on the door. The damning jailer of my soul was so startled by the sound, he in stantly took his eyes from me-the power had gone. I became myself again, but the paper had been taken from the table. I put out my hand to grasp it, but it had disappeared. We all stood breathless. The door opened and an apparition as beautiful, as heavenly and serene as the previous ones were frightful, passed the threshold. It was the form of a woman, young and lovely beyond com parison. She started to -advance hurriedly a few steps, then stood like one petrified. The mesmerist with a glance had enchained her soul. My lips parted in ecstasy, my eyes con templatingher loveliness as a darkened being doth thirst for light. Soon the woman slowly advanced pre-occupied, ethereal as osc- walks in sleep. She took the pen from where-.I- .h& dropped it and upon the paper, now restored to the table, under sign of "witness," wrote: "Eugenia Salvi." Istood dumbfounded. No monk's garb or painted face could save me now. If what I had seen with my own eyes, and what I had taken part in, were but the details of some villanous plot, how deep must its foundations have been sunk l! "I am lost! lost !" rang in my brain, and I watched the face of that lovely woman, who seemed no less a vision than the ghost of Tito. She did not seem to notice me. As if in a reverie she sank into a chair, and, leaning forward, looked at the floor and smiled responsively to some fancy, some hallucination of the mesmerist's influence. The picture of this woman coming before me in that ethereal atmosphere and light, subtle yet all a vision, stealing upon my consciousness within a cham ber of mystery and dread, im precsed me strangely. In a draught of poison there is pleasure, be it but sweet. So on my burdened spirit her gentle influence breathed serenity. Her wonderful beauty en thralled me; devotion, desire enrap tured was my jailer now. "Tito's sister," I whispered inwardly. There was a marvellous resemblance about the eyes and forehead. Often, oh, how often I had heard him speak of his beautiful sister; till now I had never seen her. The end had come. The mes. merist gathered together the con tents of his case, saying, "Now we will be off." Indeed it was an easy matter to quit the house, their bill, perhaps mine also, being previously paid. I believe we were the only occupants who had not re tired. One by one we softly withdrew from the room,. I being in a manner led by the mesmerist down the stairs, without making a sound loud enough to wake any one. Then into the street, where a few doors down we found a carriage in waiting. I was commanded to enter it. I turned to look for the beautiful woman, but she had disappeared;,also the mesmerist's confederates. At a glance I saw I was alone with him. I said nothing, showed neither interest nor surprise. I stepped into the vehicle. The mee merist took his seat beside me and gave the order, "Drive to Charing Cross Station." (Tob be Continubrd) 