A FREE MARKET. The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is a "free. market." In other words, a "fair"meansamarketat which l and every may purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell with out any such dioabilitfes as attach to ordinary markets.- At one time the fairs in England were leat features in the social and industrial life of 'the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker intercommunication vwhich lms resulted:l, thee faiten lave pretty well died out,amatterpcrlhap for regret, in some respects, but inevitable unlder the chlangl coaditions of the national life. ifere n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in thrce fast go--lheadcoloni., L.ife is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to wh'ne, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old eountry are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more properouns condition, as well as the awakened energie and intelliicnce of the last half century. Life, too. though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoye, is still too short for slow or coumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directiuoa to do as much in an hoer as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel If we live at- higher preoiure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old daya" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: "Let science, learning, arts and oommeree die, But give un hark our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as oeduca tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy - and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingood, springing into existenee, whose purpose it is to sapply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the qecessaties, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Ifere we panse to make a correction.- We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Me3ars. Foy and Oflson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes goJd." Any theatrical manager whl may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forear froma asigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchases during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will haIve a sweeter temperand more contented spirit than hea hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Gd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiitlesslovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it isn impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ce.al.,ss influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the ealcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ingthe establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of, the manter. nBut asa rule mo? god follow-np all hoa mboael len terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson- when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance a in ereased popular contentment. There is another lessontolesra fromthese fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influcnce of method. The- rules by which thi great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the 3fedes and Persians. A fixed system--result of long experience-and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters- go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some ideamay be formed by .those who have never visited Foy: and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 2 Oft. to Smith street, and that:there is a depth to Little Oxford street of sOft.- The griat show rooms, filled with--tho costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, anoilaces, and other bowildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghoets, but,- as we have Mr. Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in.our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in partieular-who want a new senaiton, ought to spend an hour or two at Foyand Gibson's Fair; and if they, having done so, do not experiencea sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we can my is that they muat be vory blasd anmd.played out. For such people there is but one resource- patent-medicines.-[Alovrr.1 