CORRESPONDENCE, THE MIDLAND: RAILWAY. To THE EDITCTB. - \ Snt,-I think va* wi^açeT'wjtb, m» ttjat the Midland, fairway is' bemjf nretty freely disousséol'bx all sections of the people at the jpresèjs£timà, hy tijoaa ia, power and out of ppwert rich and peer, hy the Press through «\«r leaders, as well as by the writers of their commercial and money market articles. Bnt I wonld ask do any of these gentlemen know or nndere^aad the absolute position ? I fear not, . " " '"' i ' The't* jv»»/ day of doom, 27th Febrty^g, »s »b^'was 'commented upon in 'rq&>«* w»yï;bdlb'before and Unce tb¿ Mrfeijlfby' HJs Excellency the ^»tnistfator, of 40 Secretary of State' for. tie ^Colonies' cablegram1 of the 19th inst. \ ? by those who know but little of 'the roll' merita of the case, this a.o$, ^hie suspension aa'ff were of tha death blow to the under- taking is deprecated, and'tho cry ia uttered j I with as little reflection or justice as it was of _ . '.?.. i . -,i . -J . -ii ". « *. .» ""-*- * old,(\'Destroy! Destroy!" and it may be asked"'' Why, what evil hath it done F" I would ask: Who would suffer most by the "Government" cancelling the contractât the present juncture^ the" tare» or four indiv- idual colonists who are personally interested with myself, or the whale ooloay ? It requires but little reflection to answer. I have no hesitation in saying that the cancellation of the contract at the present time would mean wide spresd disaster to the community. But let us bear the other side. Let reflec- ting minds, let those who have the welfare of the colony at heart, as well as their own pri- vate interests, ask themselves calmly and considerately-Where is the great injury, in- justice and'discredit so glibly talked Of and so unthinkingly laid at the door of this hitherto unfortunate Midland Railway un- dertaking ? The stock reply will be to the effect that the concession lands have been looked upifrom' ssttlsraeut, and the country has been humbugged by a lot of London speculators. Snob vague generalities as these are not worth combatting-something more definite must be alleged to prove that -any real damage has been done to the colony np to the presenfexoept that probably a few speculators have failed to find their geese turn into swans, and therefore lay the addling to the Midland Railway. Granted that the lands have been withheld from sale, and if thrown open to-morrow can anybody tell me where are. the men and: the money to occupy and develop them ? And if we had the men and the money, what good could they do without means of transit ? I do not hesitate to say, and without fear ef contradiction, that had these lands not been locked np, that with the exception of perhaps 20,000 to 25,000 acres, whioh some of the disappointed ones are anxious to take up now but never dreamt of doing before the railway was mooted, they' would ,bave remained as they now are, simply Jh:ld under pastoral leases. With regard to the London speculators, what has been their lot or 'aalt so far ? I am not referring to the original Waddington Syndicate, becanso unquestionably it is those geatlemen we hare to thank for the fiasco of February 27, 1886, and Ootober 19 of the same year, when the undertaking was put on the London Market without a ghost of a show of^fcuoeess, -and eoBSoqueatlyl damning its future "ohanoeT of snooess.' 'Sir'Benjamin Brown then tried his hand for over twelve months, and utterly failed in his efforts, and by, this time the business was like bad fish nobody would touch it In 1888 I tried by every means in my power to bring the matter to a anccessful issue, and in August of that year, when a gentleman I was negotiating with paid his hard eash down to the tune of SIOOO; I thonght we were safe ; but here again, there was a slip between the cup and the Up. Ia November of the same year, the present promoters took the matter in hand, and any one who hag had any dealings with the London Sto*« wxcbjsnge knows full well the terrible "difficulties that have to be en- countered in any effort that may be made to resusoitate a company that has already failed to float j .and that has been the main trouble with the Midland Railway undertak» iag. Even now, with the strongest oomuius» tiou of directors and brokers, it >sa» Impos- sible to bring about a suoojssafal issue, until early in January last, when, unfortunately, an unprecedented rise in the money market parajvoed everything and very nearly caused a financial crisis on the London Stook Exchange, and again stopped the issue of the company. Having digressed for the purpose of explanation, let me repeat, what has been the lot ¿or ¡fault so far,{of,, these promoters,, who have-Been using their best eBorts to ¿ave the sinking ship under circumstances which I au certain never surrounded an nuder- tak» ing before, and who have with indomitable pluok led forlorn hope, a/tor forlorn hope to try and provide tU.6, u'soestary capital, they and thc( ^iginal promoters having sunk, something like 430,000 in their efforts. What do they say now? '?'Al- though beaten by time and oironmstances still we have confidence in, eur^ efforts. Give us but one moke qtwfcé and we* will yet sue cesd." !No^-$a.t-in.e ask the-soeptio-and we have ty goad many of them in this eolony and the gentlemen who know everybody's business except their own-What good result can issue tortheSeFpiomoters by] pay ing'down another 45,000'for'such a brief respite, and under such conditions as are contained in the cablegram of the 19th inst from the Seare« tory of,State for the Colonies, unies* they 'consider'success to be very pre.on.tiv, within their grasp ? Snrely they »»nat, be the best judges as to this, a.qv\ ijt is. very evident that Lord Knqtsjofd has seized the facts Burroon» dic£ the. business, and has decided ia his wis- dom that the. opportunity abai] aot'bsjlost of a-million of rnprley bwyj spent in the'colony,' if a little extra time will give a chance to that desirable end. Bat what do the would herknowing ones here ,s*y,? Cincel the con» jtraqt,' throw open the'lands, wait for Respon- sible Government, and do the work ourselves. 1 wish from my heart that the colony was in a position to do so, bnt I am certain the chance» are 99 to 1 against it being accomp- lished by the oolony itself. Again, I contend that the efforts that have failed hereto- fore have been genuine efforts ; otherwise Where has been the raetive for action. 2 \t is, of course, nousenseitosuppoRB $o«>»\ moment that tbe'promoters bave been ajmply seeking to benefit Western A^tralia. We all know the chief incentives, as in the initiationi of all, auch projects, are aelf interest, with* ' some present and promised profit, but in tola ease these are attende à. as well by a vjaat' present and prospective benefit to. tuja country. Again, let those who, know «a much, and oontend that the. oolony has suffered by the font years, exemption of the concession lands from parchase, reflect and consider, whether the conntry has not suffered more from the "flash in pan" public, works and immigration policy introduced by the Govern» ment in 1884, than by the suspension of the. Midland Railway. Let them again, ? ceflject/ that the good round sum. p| 4¡5&000 has, already been expended, cn, this undertaking in deposits, surveys^ works, plants, A«.-four fifths sift the. colony. Has this not contri, botçjl to* the profits of others. If, at the present, it should be to the lois1 of some, at any rate the country has bad ihe benefit qf it I am quite prepared for the 9*sw«r from many,," Yes, money wasjed," and probably many will add " S/>*va 'em right." But I would like, tha*» gentlemen to consider well, whcJther this desire on the part of many, I d,q net say of all, to try and stop all ptoepéèts. of a successful issue will affect only the three or four individuals immcitately interested (who, I think I am, ^asti%d, it) saying, have already equated; the cost), or wilt not the conseauençes. be. more widely spread,' and affect many who have nat yet counted the cost? WiU it help te arrest the declining values of property and other investments ; wi\l it stay the'departure of labour, money, and population ; will it avert the evils of % dwindling financial condition which, na a natural oonsequenee, must follow ; or will it not rather hasten on these evils ? On the other hand* will not the resuscita- tion of this, great undertaking, although ita movement may bo i slower than we might desire, or even expect, bring labour, capital, population, and settlement, for the want of which the colony is now enduring stagnation and makins; a retrogrado course ?.. I am afraid, I have trespassed rather at length on yent Valuable space, but I reckon my interest and that of those whe have stuck with me to the ship, in foul as well as fair weather, is the colony's interest, and of late it baa rather jarred on my feelings of fellowship w,hs» \ see the satisfaction displayed *jf som«, andr the subdued utterances to *>$$* W»* the final failure of tu^^s^u^ertakjng will not 'affect the gaseja> community, wb/fo* will be tysaJy, compensated by the forfeiture of the ¡4i0;0P0' deposit, "," We ahj.U see, what we ¿hall, see " ,.,, u,< This later effort may fail as the others bave done, and no thanks to West Australians if it does. It is the last spark. But this may, if permitted a brief opportunity wherein to. kindle, light the way to better fortune, for Western Australia, the country, air my adop- tion, than can be conforma by fifty Enabling Acts. Let us ci£ seek to extinguish it by unnecessary t»rê»sure or importunity. Yours, Ac, EDWÄRJD KEANE; Perth, 27th March, 18.3J1,. 