DIOCESE OP BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Lenten devotions commenced on Ash Wednesday evening both at St. Patrick's and St. Alipius 1 , and were continued during the week. There was a eeriton every evening, and on Thursday evening' there was Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in the Cathedral. The Rev. J. J. Cleary officiated at the latter,'ttnd the Rev. G. Doyle at St. Alipius'. The Quarant Ore, or the Forty Hours'" Adoration, commenced at St. AlipiuB' on last Tuesday morning. There was High Mass ; the Rev. J. Torpey being celebrant, Bev. G. Doyle deacon, Rev. J. F. Rogers sub-deacon, and the Rev. J. J. Cleary master of the ceremonies. The high altar of this handsome little church was beautifully deco- 1 rated with flowers and brilliantly lighted with innumerable wax candles, while a large lace curtain, forming a sort of . canopy, was placed over the altar. The decorations were the work of the Sisters . of Merey. During the three days numbers of the faithful paid . visits to the church to make their -adoration. On Tuesday evening,, •after the Rosary, Fr. Doyle preached \- an instructive sermon on the "Doctrine • of the Real Presence.". There was also High Mass (Mass of Propitiation) on ; Wednesday, and on Thursday morning the devotions were concluded by the celebration of High .Mass. During the Exposition a number of clergymen from the. city attended at St. Alipius', and assisted the: local priests to hear con- . fessions. The choir of the church •j rendered the music of Benediction. The . Children of Mary were in constant • attendance at the altar during the Exposition. ; • . . . At the meeting of the men's branch of the sodality of the Holy Family, which • was he Id at the Cathedral on last Moniday evening, Fr. Cleary announced that . a retreat for the members of this sodality . would shortly take place..; I may mention .that the memberB are making much proi gross in singing.the beautiful hymns {Contained in the " Maniulof the Holy; .Family."' . The Catholic schools of this city, both: primary and higher, are now m fullj .working: order, and are, I believe, sufficient to meet the requirements of the! | Catholics of Ballarat, both East and WeBt, for some time; and their being conducted principally by the Fathers of the Holy Ghost and the Nuns and Christian Brothers should be sufficient guarantee for the soundness of the instruction given therein. As Lent is a season when our hearts should be specially open to the wants of the poor, I would remind the faithful that there is a poor-box both in St. Patrick's and St. Alipius'. The small sums (which aTe never missed by the donors) placed in these boxes are well administered—those of St. Patrick's by the ladies of the Loretto St. Vincent de Paul's Society, and St. Alipius' by the Sisters of Mercy, who supply both food and clothing to poor persons outside. The vocalists who are to take part in the concert to be held on St. Patrick's Day in aid of our schools are practising hard, and it is expected that it will be a great success, financially and otherwise. MAEYBOBOUGH. j (From a Correspondent.) In St. Augustine's Church on Sunday , last the I<ev. Fr. Lemire, C.SS.R., speaking of the financial result of the recent bazaar in aid of the building fund of the local presbytery, stated that, when the accounts would be finally closed, the handsome return of £505 would be netted. He was highly gratified with such a result, and sincerely thanked all who contributed to the great success achieved. A debt of £400 still remained on the presbytery. This he hoped to reduce to £200 by the art-union to be drawn on the 17th March, and he promised, if such could be accomplished, that the debt would be completely liquidated by Easter without further appeal to the congregation. It is particularly desired that all those having books will return blocks, with cash, not later than 13th March, so as to facilitate arrangements for the drawing on St. Patrick's Night. 