BASEBALL. BASEBALL ITEMS. BV HUERT ON. The weather was not by any means Invitinir at 11 o'clock on Saturday morning, but, nevertheless, enough spectators assembled at that hoar on the Melbourne Cricket-ground to show that the great American game is gradually but surely "catching on." The fixture was between the representatives of Messrs. Fergosson and Mitchell anl a nine from the Melbourne Cricket Club, the contest being rendered ail the more interesting owing to the fact that the former had not been previously defeated during tbe season. Although tbe slippery state of the tori mili tated against the fieldsmen, there were many really excellent displays of skill, notably a one-handed cat:h made by Uoss at third base, and another secured by M'llwraith out In the left field. First and third base ;proved tbe mainsUys for the M.C.C., U. Irwin, at second, foolishly eschewing the nse of gloves, in consequence of which he failed on several occasions to hold the ball after stopping it Brace, as pitehcr, and T. Irwin, as catcher, also put in yeoman work for the victors, albeit the former fell a victim no less than three times whilst attempting to steal on to third base. Howard's wild throwing fiom third to first base undoubtedly last FergnsiOn and Mitchell the game, in addition to which he struck out four times-twice during one innings, and at a critical time. The M.C.C. were first to bat, and scored 2 runs on their initial venture, wbiUt the firm were re tired for L. This was the Melbourne soore in tbe second innings-a score that their opponents would have been disposed of but for T. Irwin losing sight of the fact that there were two men already oat, and, whilst endeavouring to prevent Harvie from reaching tbe home plate from third, allowing Steel to reach first in safety. This proved somewhat disastrous, as Uarvie, Worrell, steel, Wilby, and Oliver each suooeeded in making-a run afterwards. At the end of the third innings Fer guuon and Mitchell had an advantage of S runs ; but the fourth innings of Metbourne proved to be a phenomenal one. Bruce started the proceedings, and right along the line his excellent example was fol lowed, 10 runs being scored before T. Irwin foolishly threw away bis chance in attempting a stolen base from second to third. M'llwraith, who followed him, next snocumbed ; bnt the othera totted up 7 more runs, tbe innings being closed by X Irwin retiring on strikes, both he and Bruce batting three times. During this innings Ferguison and Mitchell's team appeared to become thoroughly demoralised, the battery and field being shifted about in all directions, the most fatal error being in removing Howard from centre to third, tiotbing daunted, however, they set resolutely to work, and as will be Man f,rem the da tailed scores, kept crawling slowly but surely up to their opponents, until at tbe end of the eight innings they wereaotually 3 ruus to the good-SI to 28. Thees citement wa> intense at Cohen advanced to the plate to start the final innings for the M.C.C., whose sup-{ par ten were jubilaut when he got back there in eafety. The jubilation did not last long, however, as B. Irwin end Bruoe (ailed to soore, and when M'llwraith hoisted one into tbe left field, where Sledel was seen to be awaiting the favour, the gbost was completely yielded up. But Sledel, that surest' of catches, was suffering from a fearfully contused I band, and ulsstd the opportunity. Lockertnan, T. Irwin, M'ilvraith, and Boh acknowledging the courtesy by putting four more runs on between them. These proved to be too. many for (he youngsters, 'who euocurobed to the wily laotics ot1 Brace, T. Irwin, and Dickson without Increasing their total. Thus coded a most sensational game, a game in which tbe umpire, Mr. a Alexander, 1 occupied a most invidious position In having to 1 decide numerous very fine points of play, and in, which each and every player sacrificed fats washer-1 woman on the altar ot duty in a most praiseworthy t end highly diverting manner. The details are as follow MEtBOTJRNE C.C.B.C. Kame. Braod, pitohw T. Irwin, catchor.. Jl'IlwrAilb, I, field Boss, third bteo .. Dlokaon, first Um«. Cottar, risfct field.. Cohen, oentre field H. Ifwio, fad but Lookerm&a;, eh.ecop Inolugs. xouu - *.7] i Tlin i |o|«Uloss FBBQUSSON AND HITOHBLt/S B.C. Nun-. Worrell, abort etop Steel, 1st base ft c. Wilby,8rdb.&2nd b Oliver, 1. f. ft 1st b. Eves, p. & c. f. .. Sledel.c., 1st b.&l.f.; Howard,c.f.fcSrd b. Davis, b.b. ft pitcher Harrie, right field Totals .. Innings. 1284667810 2 ! 6 I 3 9 t 031 Contrary- to expectation, the match betweon the Richmond Cricket Club and metropolitan nine?, which took plaoe on tiie Richmond Cricket-ground on Sittitdtjr afternoon, eventuated in a very one sided game, tbd cricketers never bavins tlie ghost of a ehow at any tioie after the start. The ex-cellent pitching and fielding of Milford, together with tbc sound work put in by Lear at first base, conduced In no Bmall degree towards the result; but apart from this, the local men were teiribly off colour, error after error-especially wild throwing-serving to make confusion worse confounded. Still they occasion ally showed flashes of brilliancy-a catch of Shand's in the left field being well worth a pi'grimage to wit ness. Greiir, too, was very efficient in the centre field, but his batting was a long way behind bis true form. The contest resulted in a victory for the Metropolitan B.C. by 17 runs to 6, with an innings to spare; Mr. C. Alexander being again the snide, philosopher, and friend, Subjoined are the individual scores RICHMOND C.C. Ibgleton, second base Turner, first base .. Over, pitcher .. .. Haddrick, catcher .. Whitehead, short-stop G. Keogh, right field B. Oreif, centre field Shand, left field Edward.?, third base.. METROPOLITAN BG M'Kay, c., and 2nd b. Milford, pitcher Lear, first base .. T. Qr&ham;, left field .. Xewbert, 2nd b. &c...; Brown, third bate Byrne, centre field .. Smith, right field Stuckey, short stop .. Total .. ..si Total 17 Victoria and the Richmond Baseball Club nines met oti the East Melbourne Cricket-ground prior to the football match between EsKndon and St.Kildaon Saturday. A pleasant game, during which Bushel) displayed great form, resulting in a win for the Vic toria by 25 runs to 0, The scores were: VICTORIA B.C. RICHMOND RC. Elliott, centre field .. 1 Clear, second base .. 2 Bushell, first base * a Over, pitcher .. 4 M'Kie, short stop .. 4 Ford, third base .. 0 Scott, left field .. 8 M'Allen, short stop .. 0 Ryan, catcher .. 2 Caffin, centre fieJd .. 0 ii'Givern, pitcher .. 8 Green.catcher.. .. o M. Irwin, third base.. 4 Mansfield, first base .. 0 Lewis, second base .. 3 Bice, left field.. .. o Simpson, right field.. I Wheeler, right field .. 0 Total .. .. 25 Total .. .. 0 Neither the Viotoria nor Fitzroy turned out a re presentative team for the Spalding Trophy match on the Fitzroy Cricket-ground on Wednesdav. In fact, even with pressing Mr. H. Gross into the service the Victoria only mustered seven men. With these, however, _ they struggled on, and through the aid of a 10-run innings-for which the crude ideas of the game possessed by 6ome of the Fitzroy team were mainly responsible-tbey managed to be on an equality with their opponents at the . end of the fourth innings, when the score 6tooi_ 17 all Fitzroy then put on 5 more, and^ Victoria being retired for nil, it was gene rally considered that the light was too bad to admit of auother innings each being completed. Mr. C. Alexander thought differently, however, and on their I next venture the Fitzroy were dismissed without adding to their score. M'Kie, Scott, M'Givers, and Grcsj each scored a run in the sixth inn ings of Viotoria; but just as victory appeared 1 to be within their grasp, the umpire was compelled to admit the j art ice of the fieldsmen's complaint that they could not see the ball, and he aocordingiy de clared " Time," the contest thus resulting in a win ' for the Fitzroy team on the fifth completed innings by a majority of five runs. There can be no two opinions a9 to the strict impartiality and correctness of Mr. Alexander's ultimatum, and the ill temper dis played by one ot the Victoria players was totally un called for, and much to be regretted in the true in terests of the game. The full scores were as follow« VICTORIA B.C. Elliott, centre field .. Simpson, catchcr .. M'Kie, short stop .. Scott, pitcher M'Girern, third base Gross, first ba<e Hicks, left field FITZROV B.C. Greenwood, catcher .. N'Xeil, pitcher U'Kelvie, third base., t'arkef, first base Smith, second base .. Kerrigan, centre field Rofe, shsrt stop Pincent, left field Simmon js, light field Total 21 Total 22 To-day the Metropolitans will try conclusions with Fitzroy, on the ground of the Utter, com mencing at 1 o'clock; Victoria and Fergussan and Mitchell will be the attraction on the East Mel bourne Cricket-ground; whilst nines from the Rich' moud Cricket and Baseball clubs will also meet in friendly rivalry for Mr. Spalding's handsome trophy. The following table shows the positions of the various eiubg contending for the Spalding Trophy Gab. Metropolitan Melbourne .. Pergusson and Mitchell Fitzroy .. Viotoria .. .. Richmond C.G. Richmond fi.U is >. s« os. 