FHE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; UI', Lady Clictwynd's Spectre. Br Mis:. tARRIET LEW1S. ++--'--- CHAP1'T'E I XI.-(Co:t'.ED..) Hler lose and ambition were botht aroused, and the bent herself to the task of winning him notw, upon that very night. She mneant to renew her betrothal before une Gilbert Monk continued to walk to and fro. lie was cqually anxious with Sylvia fr her marriage to Chetwynd. Until that marria:e should come off, his gime in regard to Bernice was blocked. lie was thinking thus when the halt ip,rter 'pencil the door and aprlroached him "IMr. Monk, th-ire's a low fellow in the hall :ho s:ys he must see you. His name, which he says it's Flck-" Monk started. " Flack i" he ejaculated. " Why, he eas a servant of mine. I 'l se him." Hie hurried out into the hall. Flack ltood just inside the great portal. Monk went up to him, and asked, in an under " Whats up ? Why are you here 1" "Mrsa. Crowl. she sent me," said Flack. "Miss G(xwn left Mawr Castle the day before yesterday, and we haven't seen her since." "Left the castle?" " Yes, sir, along withi a porkmantle, which she carried in her hand, nnil a wear ing of a gray dress and veil. Mris. L'ro-l she thinks Miss Gwyn cat:e this way, sir. it's along of a newspapteir which Caine around a packet of wools which the French eoverness brought at Carnarvro. Tire news paper had a parrygraphi that Lord ChGi twvul ens at Genoa. and on his ray bhome. 'lhnt sunettled Miss, and she maile Iff the same nicht. IIars you seen her thre!' "Thunder, no. Shie's here, i thie ntuoh I,rwlho,"' cried Monk, in a pIsnic. " Yoi must watch here for her, Flack. Go, vrer to the village inn and lok for lher there. let in the e'ge of the path on til'e te:.t .ide of the hiouse after the lights aire -u. muet see you then-cosliuit with ll. tannot stay here longer witlatt exit. Iag susp?icion. We must find the girl to night." lie returned to the house, concealing his anxiety an I perturhationi as best lie could. ihe l1' e i the drawing room, noins through the music-room to the creat conservatory, into which the tlrawin.. rooeas, muasic-rioom, adil the pink Ihaduir ipenedl. Ile Eat ,i'an in a dim nook among the flowers, his heart heating liercely, and mattered : " larnice here! Iternice back at Chet wyeInd lrk! She will respect her oath. StOe will not reveal her identity nor pre fence to her husband ; but why doies the come 1 1fear there's mischief ahead." CIHAPTER XII. Tille FlblO E IS WHIIITE, From the low, rustic seat upon which GCilert had liung himself, lie could look into the bright drawing room anrd hear the murmur of voices. " I wish Chetwynd would fall in love with Sylvia," thought Monk; "bat he remains wedded to his fist love. I wish he would ferl hound in honor or compassion to propose to Sylvia this very niebt. If she were very skilful I should think she might lead hini on. If he were really and actually ,'ngged to Sylvia, I think I coull emanage lieruicc." It seemed as if the fates were playing into hi hands tlhant night. While lie lurked in the great conser vatory that flanked one end of tie house and opened upon several state apartmlents, Sylvia sat in a low chair before the fire, her pay bit of woollen embroidery on her knee, the soft light failline in a flood :upon her swarthy, handsome face, red cheeks and glassV Itlack hair, conscious tiat she was lchking her best, and presenting a pretty picture to tihe long homeless young loud. "I Iam lad to be back again," said tmhe moar-ui., his grave Ibrows shadoweeI by his :ceaele's uunrit and bitter lonhgings. "I ltoulght in Abyssinia that I would give all i oianed to transport myself in an instant i iaek to this dear old home. And now I an, hare, in the rooms she brightened with her oyous presence, ann.l the pain of being here a greater than I could have dreamed. It seems as if Berniue. were near me, Sylvia. I have never had that strange sense of the nearness of her presence since I lost her. It seems as if she were in these rooms-as if lhe might appear to me at auy moment-as if I might hear tier voice calling." "That is very natural, and very easily explained," said Sylvia, in her smooteh, Filvery voice. "' You left this place so soon after dear IBernice's death that her presence still seemed, as one might say, to pervade the house. You come hback after a long absence, and everything reminds you of her. You have not grown used to the house withl out hier." "Shall I ever get used to the house with out hier 1" asked Lord Chetwynd. "The edge of our grief must wear off some time,"said Sylvia, softly. ' It must lose its first sharpness, and become a vague and tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone you will find repose in your fond memeries of Bernice. I love Chetwynd Park, and all the people upon the estate. This is the only home I have in all the wide world. But I must leave it. I am going sway, soon, text week, if possible, and I shall never return again." n;'Vy i is ,i, u';lrv' Vls asl'u.l ,aut Ie::vs your ilonse? "Ah, ilit is it," crie.lI Sisia, ai,,n aily. "Itr t Ceis h.mt , nt I i i, inr right It, re. Can .s, i :t., )v . yu lot undceastandi 1 You ftrae im ts seane of nhily I iLee itill CIiltln hion you usit, and I scan I ,,no Ii.e runi 'ou bo lyt. eittles, a d ,hr v Tihc renbl." with the co.aeiusi:sre.. that s h ? 'ay tingl hhe ter t I? ,:cr , ""[e t rlI sO. n.:o , t:. mi most e:,ished l Is ta, in t,, v; it is, i truth all ihare, al prostlo talkr boaoose I rce cillo here." ," What do lier Icyn tir svy t the plire. sttee sin nl: y:tel?st..r il to" .n lneI 1 "Teey sa;', relie,ul Slvia, drclin; cn her ealr still linser, 'lI "was cu te hI e tlch I, yini, sin, thai' yiui jlh<.il i,,. They s:y that-Ithat I m ie ' on , s ill, ald that Iis mi sily in. ati here in in ,ipes t sin tc. Aind h'e must gc , Ir:. 1ni e, with l .laeniy io,, i:esr I i :i5s a plk if true win:i:iid remdains i ini. Andi so- and ern-c'mn ih covered her fate and seca:di to Sta in au tl s lr hilt ilaiatio adi an. guish. "Thcr is only onesa way in which you can or will renleai I srplolele," lie e ci'hend, ibinl. so'ly,, 'anti that is-as lmy wi.e." "Oh, ig. I" cried Mliss Mionk, raint?ir sousi, cresting her head in serplent ferhion, her I hilo errs burnier cill la:mniLemnt llaines, hnr led '..?.sks lsminig into delepr carna. tion. Fir an instant Chcs.v.? nl pasedic, ti, tar nlore. i coetin lorehc ded Ihat his lri guarded outburst had he in iinte?lentd as a half proposal of marriage. IIe wias sick at heart for a bi.ief space. ecover ing himseolf, hLesai, with uneonscaiots sternu "Sylvia, I nele"r loved but once. My heart is buriedl withl my wife. All my hopes rest in her coffin. We were ouie hbet rnthed. You pat an end to our e..ganemet~t, as I fancied then, because you hail disciiered thliat ysu iser, d not love at , anl I tarri:l Bernice. Mn o heart to er, wilire you bone me toiearry o flacother, le:in ie, lying, ardk's my lie to arry ou. will swor f tcy, i that and hour no that I can ibried e?ck to dyiou see clearly, it is said. et'riaius she hlod heard of our former engagemrit, altlhigh that is sarcely probabl leaste. of yuer lost ed youC Bernice oved ysorro. 1 canullynot ermit you to go forth to a life of toil and ardstir,". Sylvia, sisler, knowing what I am, an-] that Ire have s oiart to itler, will you become my wife 2' The color flamedt again in Miss Mook's face. "Oh, lhy ' site breathedn again, ife. I. lure. "I love you. To e t our wife is mobusre than I had oped. t I will de you my1 life to you. We will work together, and 1 know that I can bring lack to nos a ortion at least of your lst leappi. Sag ch a siarriage is a oine-sidled afair," nne ait. "Iho e sver little to gie inof return for niceur loe. Buti I can spar yome the till a ani uhalrdlr sof a gmuc er nes's life. I an shiel yoon u fdrom cit tt o. with tle busy er, ld, and 1 will try to iakie you happy." 3i-s Monk aloae swiftly and rushed toweard with her st, undula herti andg moiements, anl fng hersel broupon his breast. lie started back with a geshsra of epatl siun, but recollecting hiimself fldedl one arm aroul her. Tiend mwere etro future again, ::tni he cor tgie sorer at lsoft a irotlher's caresses. "th, Roy, this hour pays te for all I hav endured !"erie hed Miss tesk. "All I ask is to be allowed to ieahe yesu happy. I cannt hope ever lo take the place of dear I._ritice, but in timie I may cone to lill a little niche of y owin in your heart. I Itav, sil.treod so much,. My life has teen one lone deaith withst you. Take tue closer, Roy, ani girv or tile moe eniss of bet.rotihal. At last- at last," she wcat oe, "-1 am youirs." Uhi:taynsl pd t both ca rls ari o?nd her, and aid, ill a roten voice to his brGodt, ils you, i y lo romised wifup. y ear Sylviaed e Anteli may ysi r futh urt lsawiess :atone frin tile swide r of your lir be t his anlle ead and rrieionse o a iss ip a, har willing- lips. She hhld him to her, c:erial? fiests r:,, hisl is strange ua A sigooh, a breatnsh, a faint rustle, like the yet in: t! idst a wing or thoe tiliemet of a wShe waa dress, Cme fluttering through the rheti;l. Cln stilYl olding Sylvia Io his trea, inv wore nriy lookite silkeed up. his appalled eyes beheld a sight that held thai in d ichb and motionless. lite saw stanling in the eclie archway of thine open slidirssg d, fors that whieorn lie one in hlivel to he thle apparition of his irst dinnernit e Sr sithood against a faintly lit tack. ground of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in the midslet of an odorous twilii t tha athe her seees i dined at isie elbo fron in aothe world. frillhe was drthess bared in rms:hite, as it her biiial. Chuetsryud's fascinated eyes noted that sh Ewore e.Lure a oi the toilet robe like that in which he had consigned ler to the tomb. et e re u it, and hii peculiar fshion u iin of thie dress, for she iad worn tie one in which sithe alu tien bsiedil at her lirat dinner at Chest'yiid ' sark-that memorable dbut tinner upvion the vr elvenrioug of her o coming. T.e low, qihuiare.cut Pompadoir corsage, with frills of a roin lace staidict nplov a t th e slender throat ani fair bu m to stare asot lher, ntisl l at the elhow in ars frill of lace;klin the ared rms: lie reoingisir, ea sepofarate rect cour of the toilet he had thonuht soe charing in th Bshet lo to facek, It was stranely changed b and yet lie new it, and his heart leaed upet within i atsre igt t of it. lerl nie his sibeene tland to id ul,, crit, a rale ati: prfe- t "Oenll me your Sprllalld, wife tgainid toer stare at her, atin.g lm I notre, trako be yours hmy darling-i" g as latin ir, She sbrcf in perfect cvilitour of her face the fiure in tterale door-riay. Sli stared at the call her to ier ,ternal home. Hlecr as if se lemned to -rise o Lund, ler tona wash ylThe countenance of the seminn i plnet den.sirnd castn. Shiso e oled t his siecee, andwith ouread arm, , anci f enniny Call guised face, siroie slowly retreated ear until sbiSe had anihed into the gloom bey-r wifot entil the seeming sp?. re had dist? Oh, perd diar Lord Ching-" nroe fr i he lung Syli onk froptly, him i an utterwy figure in the door-way. Shounded red ats the room and into th-rise conscrto. cr Theon wax lights were burni imly in te great arched domte of glans, atndhe seeming dim inoosn cangdsadowso an exercsison s i. Temalr qguis dashed downface, she slowly retreaborderad nisled like a madman. Tile ln shed doors ateemed, ing intilo the garden were o the gle made forthem, utterin the seetraminge and incoherenta cries. r aib; t LMunk was standing near the door, sa ii broul;;t to asuodcn halt. He had seen Uetrnite enter the conservatory, but had been un?blI to airr st her movements. He had szeua her but now depart like a shadow, and hei was in the act of pursuit when Lord +:.ctwynd's swift approach made him halt. Phc sc'heer kuew that a crisis had occurred : the" ftu::nes of himself and Sylvia, and puti his present coolness his own future ., !scls depeldedil. lie was equal to the " Why, wiat's the matter, Chetwynd l" h! ashked, in the utmoist apparent s:rprise. " Goud ga,:ious I is the man mad ? Where are you giing? Why are you runningl I;reat [Ieavei ! you look as if you had seen a "thest !' C(btCwynd turned upon Monk, eager and \- "Did you see her?" lie tried, "IHasany one ta:act out this way '" "No one. I have been slanding in the doorway ihere thb- se filteen iinutes," replied ,ink, withl seeming truthfulness. "'iWhom do you seek? Sylvia?" "It was Bernice I" said tihe marquis, til excitement. " I saw her as plainly as I see you, Gilbert-my dead wife, Beruice I Help Ime to search the conservatory-" Monk put on a look of alarm. " My dear Chetwynd," lie exclaimed, "you are the victim of some singular hallucina tion. Your brain is turned. Have yon for gotten that Bernice is dead? How, then, bIave you seen her? Do the deal return front their graves? My dear boy, let me send for Doctor Ilartrighl. You have got a brain-rfevr." Clh, twynd shook oel Monk impatiently, andi searched the conservatory in every nook and corner, but he foundl no trace of this strange visitant. lie dashed out in the garden, and Monk went with him, but they did not s,.e again the slenier, girlish, white rled figure of the seeming spectre. At len,.lth they re-entered the conservatory, the marquis pale and distracted, and returned to the drawing- roolm. Miss Monk stood before the fire, her cheeirs again glowing, but there wss a look of awful dread and horror still in her eyes. She imagined that thespirit of tile woma:n lihon sihe believed she had mur dered land returned to haunt her for her crime. Int her first horroroelie had ;een a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her room, and hail there given way to all her terrors. The old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy-a soothing dIrauhllt-tnd had comforted her, and in spired iher with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superslittions and peculiar ,weaknsenes, Miss Monk possessed anit iron will and a remorseless nature. Nothinghad, so far, stood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Chctwyndl. Now that he was fairly won, and again betrothed to her, she determined that not even a visitant from tie other world should take him from her. Havilng thus resolved, she returned to the drawing-roomr only a moment before Lord Cheitwynd reappeared. She welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, she swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried out: " Oil. itoy I wily idid you throw me from you 1 Why did you dart away so abruptly? You, frightened tei. IIow my heart heats still! Wilat is the matter?" "Did you not see 1lernicec" he asked. " Were you not also looking at yonder arch wayv " " I waslooking at the archway," replied tile consumlnlate actress, " but no one was near it, Iboy. What do you mean by your allusion to lernice? It cannot be that you fanci:d you saw her?" " I thughlt I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have sworn that I be helld my lost wife. And ycu did not see lher? Can it have been an allusion ? Gilbert was standing near the doorway of the con servatory, anil he says that no one came in or went out by that way." Sylvia swelpt a sudden, heen glance at her brother; but his face was impassable. She determined to have an interview with him upon the suibject later. Chetwynd was staggered in his belief. lie put his halnd to his forehead, saying, hollowly : " Can I have been mistaken ? \\\as it all a freak of my over excited brain? It is easier to believe that than to believe that the dead can return. An-d yet, could my imagination have pictured her in all that slelndouar of locvlilcss, in thle glory of a perfected beauty, the lostre of a bheauty sue!: as I have never seen 1 I cainnot explain it." ce leaned naainst the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm in a caressing fondness. " Gilbert," she sail, proudly, "my plhtce is ihere, at 1r-y's side, henceforth. " May I tell himn, loy 1 Yes? Listen then, Gilbert. Our old betrotial-ltoy's and mine- is re nriwed. W\e are to be married-Itoy andi II" ,I congratulate you, Chetwyndl, upon having won a truie and loving heart,' said Monk, rxlrending his handl to the mirquris. "This renewal .f old relations will assuredly prove for the lest. i suppose Sylvia won't mind my telling you now that she has loved you all along wlith a rare devotion. I ilope you two will be happy." "I Ta not mryselIf yet," slid Lord Chet wyndl, with a troulled smile. " I seem sulld denly to make the discovery that I have nerves. I'll go to my room, if you'll kindlly cxcese use, Sylvia. I am greatly fatigued after my journey," and he withdrew. going up to the rooms he had occlpied with 1er nice. Gilb:rt IMonk made a movement to with draw into the conservatory, but Sylvia de ta;ned him. lIe was anxious to search the grounds, in hlolpes of discoveriing Bernice, and lie submitted to his detention with an ill-grace. " What do you want 1' he asked, with an exblibition of surliness. '1I want to know if you were in the cen esrvatory during some fifteen minutes pre viC.ou to Lord Ch- trynd's 'optical illusion 1' " deman:derd Miss Monk, with sarcastic em phlisis. Monk rd.llied in Ihe aufiirmative. " Alid o0U sraw no one erlterr r go Out 1" Monk hiastened to utter a negative. ' I drent believe you," saild he refined Sylvia. with considerable rlludeness. "I knbow bLtter. I saw the ghost, if it was a ihiost, and so did you. What is your object in dl:ying the fact to met ' " I have no object. I saw no ghost, and I can swear to my denial, if you choose. l'ou roust have been realing Mrs. Crowe. Yul wolmd sdo better to think of thie great vi:oy you Ilhave won. I advise you to 1haste1 your marriage. I hIave nearly run throllugh lmy llthousand pounds, andl I want more. You remember that you promised me on anrnullty of a tlholl usand iounds on your becomirg LIldy Chetwynd. Hurry up the marriage. Thatis my advice." Ife hissed his fingers .to her carelessly, and saunteredl away into the con servatory. iMiss Monk looked after him with a ipurledl frown. S?'I wish I hnew what scheme occupies him now,"slia tlhoughtil. ' Gilbert has changed during thle past year. I must confess he is ietling too deep for me. I can't fathom him. What plromplts himn to deny that he saw that fighlre in while? If it was a spectre,lhe must hlaveseenr it, since it wasr visible to both l1oy and me. If it were not a spectre, what was it? On my soul,I believe Gilbert kriown." Witl this creviction Miss Monk went up fII licr own reogals. She flundll old ingee in the dressing-room, just unlocking the dloors of the precious East Indian cabinet. Thie old ayah started at Mliss Mlonk's entrance, and hlastened to luck the doors opening into the hall. She then returned tC - the cabinet, and opened the secret couapartment and took out the tiny gold box of rare East Indian poisons. "What are you going to do " asked Mliss Monk, sinking into an easy chair. " I want to see that cny globukes have not been tampered with," responded out Ipagee. "I feel uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that 1 made a mistake iin the vial,'but I intend to see. If I had moade a mistake the girl would have died inl her coffin all the same--no, she would have recovered her consciousnr's, at the endl of three days. It's alright Mlisay, but 'll just make sure." Miss Monk watched her attendant with languid interest, while the ayah opened the two vials we have just before described. "There were one hundlred globules in cach," muttered the old woman. "I took one out of vial number two, leaving niunety nine. I will count them." She proceeded to do so. "It's alright," she announced. "There are just ninety-nine remaining. I can'ttell whli-a made mens foolish, but just as soon as you spoke of the ghost I felt a desire to look at these vials." "Look at tlhe vial number three," said Miss Monk. "Still, that's all nonsense. It's alright, only there's one thing sure, rage-Gilbert knows something about that ghost, or whatever it was. Ile swears he saw nothing. I wish I knew what game of his own he was playing. There's one thing sure--he knows the secret of that mysteri. ous intruderof to-night. The old ayah'ie weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light. She hurriedlyseized upon the third vial, opened it, and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her face when she had finished. '" Can't you make it count right ?" asked Miss Monk with sudden interest. " There's only ninety-eight elobules here," answered the old wonian, blankly. "And there were a hundred 1" "Exactly that-a hundred in each vial." "You may have dropped a couple ;" and Miss Monk began to search. "Stay, Missy," said the old ayab, in a tone of deep significance. "Answer me a question : Was Gilbert at horne on the the day that Lady Chetwynd was taken ill 1" "Yes. Don't you remember that lie was in my boudoir before dinner?" " Was he in your hnodoir before we opened this cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Chetwynd ?" " Yes; lie went out, and I called you, and we came in here." "Aii l Aind he was back in three day's time?" "Yes. I telegrapled him that Lady Chetwynd was dead. You knew all this. Why do you ask so many unimportant questions?" "Simply to confirm my own suspicions and rmenmbrances," said the old woman, her black face growing yellow. Missy, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger that scentS blood. He suspected us. When Ihe went out from your room that day lie must have slipped in here. The doors wea locked, it is true. Ifowdid he get in? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk. He hid in there; he heard all we said. I remember I went to my own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to make thce chain of my suspicions complete and deepen them into deal certainty. It you had been absent from this room a moment-" Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. " I was absent," site ejaculated. " Lady Chetwynd came to the door of mcy boudoir for a piece of music." "Then all is clear. Gilbert changdil the globules, and took an extra one out of this vial number three. Hle was back in three days. lie gave her ladyshipc more of the drug. She was buried. He rescued her. lie has hiillen her somewhere all these months. Lady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady thetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night I" CIIAPTER XtII. A DISTURot.NG PRESENCE, The announcement of old Rlaee's in. stinctive conviction that Lady Chetwynd lived, and that it was herself and not iher spectre Sylvia Monk hail seen, was de. livered with a startling vehemence that for an instant almost carried conviction also to Sylvia's heart. She looked appalled. T'he handsome swarthy face lost its deep red slain in cheeks and lips; the dull black eyes opened wi.!e in an expression of utter terror and abhorrence. " Alive I Bernice alive I" she whispered, hollowly. "Impossible I" " Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should bare circumrented our plans,"said ohl I'agee, nodding her turbaned bead, her witch-like features workini convu!sively. " I did not suspect him of being s, deep, but depend upon it he was hid in these rooms upon that day so long ago when we planned Lady Chetwynd's death, and he chanced the globules, and has now in his keeping the globules you should have given young Lady Chetwyndl." " I don't believe it," said Miss Monk, with sudden vehemence. "I tell you it is not so. I would rather believe that I saw a rilomt to night than that I saw the living Bernice Chetwynd. I can prove to my own satisfaction that it was not Bernice. If it were the true Lady Chetwynd in the body, where has she been all these fifteen months since her burial ?" "Gilbert might have kept her out of sight, for piu poses of his own." "If it had been Lady Cihetwynd in the flesh," demanded Sylvia Monk, " why did she not speak? Why did she not rush into the room and throw herself in her husband's arms?" The old East Indian woman shook her head. The question was to her also unanswer. able. Sylvia Monk's face began to glow with a certain triumph. " Ah, you cannot answer,"slse exclaimed, with a: thrill of jubilance in her silvery tournes. " I thought not. And Gilbert waj too nmoved and quiet to have sufferedl recent alarm. You have made a mistake in counting. or there were not originally one lhuudreu globules in each vial," declared S?ylvia, poitively. " \e have been scared beyond all reason. We will be wtcellhfl of Gilbert, but I am persuaded that I saw a spectre to-niglt." She leaned back on the cushions of her chair in a delicious content. Old Ragee locked up her tiuy gold box cf deadly dirugo, and restored them to the secret cotmpart ment of the Itndian cabinet. As she locked the silver-mounted door of the latter, and pushed the silvermounted butterfly into its place over the intricate lock, she shook her weird turbaned head and muttered, in a tone too low to reach Sylvia's ears: "If Missy is satisfied, let her remain so. But as for me, I am not satisfied. I'll watch Gilbert. I'll examine his trunk and clothes in searel of the missing globule. I'll dog him like his shadow. I'll know if a spectre has come to haunt Chetwynd 'Park -if some strange woman is piersonating Lady Chetwynd ---or if her ladyshipl, is alive. If she's alive, there's danger for us ahebad, and I must be on my guard to meet it. If she's alive, she'll not be living long." The old woman set her lips together grimly, and a menacing look gleamed in her small, furtive eyes. While Sylvia Mlonk was thus lulling herself into a false security, and while old Ragee was determining to probe the mystery that was so fraught with danger to her idolised young mistress, the lord of Chetwynd was in his wife's rooms, a prey to the keenest agitation and distress. Me had walked through the long-deserted rooms, noting that everything was precsely as Bernice had left it. HIere was her favorite ifCair by the hearth of the boudoir; teregas her deskT; there was her bookg, lqr sketghes ; in yonder was Jder open dressing. cnse, with its gold mountings, its cut.glauss SottLls with gihlen stippers, its Itres . exquisitely chaitrd goldi marl?l with hi. wife's monogram ; in the spacious ward robes of the dressing room were the gar ments she had worn. The rooms s?enmed institct with her presence. Chetwynd halt expected to see her rise from some chair, or enter at the door, the impression of her near presence was so strtan-ely vivid. Hfe walked for houts in tite long closed rooms, until tie fires burned low. Tjhn, with his strange anxiety anil restlessness still upon him, he retired to Bernice's bed chamber. The bed was the same as when she had used to occupy it. lie knelt down by the bedside and subbed aloud. For a ion-g time he knelt there, and gradually Ie grew calm witlh the calmhnues of his old despair. He arose and turned down the ens light to a dim half light, in which every object in the room was dis tinctly visible, atnd then he flung himself, fully dressed, upon a low conch before the hearthl. He could not sleep in the bed in which he believed that Bernice had died. He lay with closed eyes, a travelling rug drawn over him. Hie was tired and worn, and gradually a sense of sleepiness stole over him, and he dozed uneasily. He was aroused suddenly, with a swift ness of thought, by a soft touch on his fore head. He did not open his eyes, and the touch descended again, as softly as a snow flake falls, upon his moustached lips. The touch was slightly chill. but it was like a silent, fluttering kiss. He stirred--he opened his eyes. And then he saw again the vision that he had seen hours before in the lower rooms. lie beheld Bernice- Bernice in the develop ment of a magnificent and splendid beauty -with the tender, innocent eyes he had loved ; with the sensitive mouth ; with the lithe, light, graceful figure, and wearing still the white robes in which she had been buried. He lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. She had glided from him to the distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an ineffable love and anguish. She opened her mouth as if to speak, but nowords came. She spread her bared arms as if to enfold " Bernice I" cried out the young lord, in a sharp, shrill voice. "Bernice, speak to meI" She shook her head sorrowfully, and slowly retreated towards his dressing room. With a startling cry, he sprang up from his couch and bounded toward her. She continued her swift retreat, looking backward at him over her shoulder with that radiant face of love and sorrow, and disappeared in the dressing room. The door closeid behind her. Cihetwyud dashed it open, but the vision was gone. lie explored the bath-room adjoining ; he ran out into the great hall, the door leading into it fromn the bath-room being unlocked; he searched the great empty guest-chamnbers, but lie found no trace of his strange visi tant. Ilis search aroused Miss Monk, and she lappeared in a scarlet dressing-grown, her feet encased in slippers of white down, look ingt frightened, while old Itagee peered aver her sihouliler. Chetwynd alologised for aiiit!i.ing Sylvia, anti made some unintel ligible excuse, but kept upl his wild search, being hallt beside himself. Hle knocked at Gilbert Monk's door, but there cane no response. The door was un locked, anil he entered the room. A light ani a fire were burning, but Monk was not there. Considcrally puzzled at Monk's absence from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the hall, where Sylvia still st.cod, wondering anti bewildered. "Did you hear burglars, lRoy? " cried Sylvia Monk. "Is not Gilbert in his room 1" " ot; he is not there. I-1 fancied Isaw something, Sylvia, and 1 came to look. That's all. Good Iight." "Was it-was it the spectre again, Roy ?" "Yes," said Cietwynd, desperately. "I fancied that I taw her once more. Good night." He went into his rooms and closed Iis doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba. tion, retired to her own apartments. Tie two women argued themselves into a state of calmnness after a little, but Lord Chet wynd walked his lloors all the long night, andl watchdl. andti listened. and waited. But tihe spectre did not come again. Cfilbert Monk, after leaving his sister in the drm.wing-room, bad hurried out of doors, as we have said, in search of Bernice. The one great idea that polsessed hint was to find her. lie comprehended that lie stood upon the brink of txposurc. lie searched ltle lawn, the shrubbery, the rocks overlanging the sea, thile strip of Ibes:ch, the boat and bath houses, and pene trated far into the park, peeping into nooks and glades and coverts, but he did net find her. lie hirried in anti out among the thick shadows of the trees for houts, and at last the conviction came to him that she had in some way eluded him. "Shee may be hidden in the house all this while," he thought. "She may have gone to my room to plead with me to release her from her vow. Little Puritan I She will not dare break her sworn oath not to reveal iher idtentity to Chetwynd, or any other, without any permission. She is truth itself. I:ut what a test for her, to stand before Chetwynd to-night, and not be able to speak to him ! The girl's as brave and, true as she is beautiful." lie acted upon his new idea, hurrying into the house and up to his rooms. It was past eleven o'clock, and the lights were all turned eft' or burning dimly. There was no one in the great hall, into which the faint moonlight streamed through the end win dows. lie opened his door. The fire and light were burning, ibut no person was in his room. It seemed to him, however, that some one had been there recently. The rug wasdisarrangedl, as if one knelt upon it, and the lire see:ned to have been lately stirred to a brighter Ilaze Iy iano unskilful hand. lie was sure lerniee had stolen in lhere in hIis absence, and had remained smse minttes to warm heseltf, and in anticipation of his return. "She'll eome again," Ihe thought. "She's like an unea.ued leopardess since she saw her husband. I'll wait here for her."' lie left hIis door unlocked that she might enter silently, antd flung hIimself into an easy-chair in an obscure corner, anti waited for her alppearance. But the time wore on and she did not come. The great clock struck the hour of twelve, but still Bernice did not come. Monk waited until a great fear came to him that Bernice might haveentcretl her old rooms-might have seen her husband there -and carried away by the supreme ecstasy of the moment, aud her joy at seeing him, might have permitted him to clasp her in his arms. A cold sweat sprang to Monk's visage. He puilled off his boots andti put on a pair of corksoled slippers, and then stole out again into the hall. He crept to the various doors opening into the hall from Lord Chetwynd'ssuite of private rooms. lie was certain that Chetwynd was in the bed-chamber. The sound of gentle and regular breathing be came at last perceptible. Chetwynd was within-asleep. Bernice was not there. Yet he waited, watching, listening. How the minutes dragged At last he hIeard, or fanciedl he leard, soft footfalls upon the carplet within-thie rustle of a woman's silken dress. How his hIeart beat now I ie bett closer still at the ker.nole. Ah! now he heard the cry of Chetwynd as hIe started up from his sleep-the name of Bernice! She was there I Monk could have beat upon the door in hIis agony, lie was sure that all was over now--that Bernice had brokenrher oath that she had revealed her living presence to her husband. What remained for him but flight ?-(To d e Continuted.) 