MR. GEO. C. 1ILN. tae resident of Warragil were dlced an opportunity on Tuesday Ring of hearing 31r. Geo. C. 3Miin ..er several recitals from Shake ;-re. Mr. 3ilu is one of the modern m-ol of actors, and during the period -1as been pLsying in Australia has -iwii quite a iew light upon.several iý e best known characteris created SEngland's greatest .bard, William 4kespcare. In Melbourne Mr. ln displayed hlis euterprise by plac 9 a number of plays on the stage lah an atteitigin to -detail, both in' scenery and costume that has never been surpassed in the colonies, and in consequence of the faithful rendering of the text by himself and Miss Jordan, has been written of as a true exponent of the Shakespearian drama. Mr. Miln's visit to W\arragul was for the purpose of reciting the parts of a few of his leading impersonations, and notwithstanding that the audience was not so large as might have been ex pected, those who attended enjoyed a treat in listening to his finished elocu tion. The first item rendered was from " Hamlet," the dialogue between the Ghost and young Hamlet being delivered with excellent effect, and the audience listened spellbound to the awesome tale told by the spirit of the Prince's father touching the manner in which his death was brougnt about, loud applause greeting its conclusion. Hamlet's advice to the players was happily rendered; and doubtless if Shakespeare could revisit "the glimpses of the moon," hlie would ex press his satisfaction in finding a member of tho "sock and buskin" giving such effect to his lines. The stage scene was successfully depicted, and was followed by the passage of wit between the two gravediggers, this selection closing with Hamlet's soli loquy over Torick's skull. The funeral oration over Cesar's bier by Mare Antliony (from " Julius Caesar") was a masterly performnnance, and madeone i forget that all the accessories of a stage representation were absent. The first art concluded by the recital of Mer utio's description of Queen Malb from 'Romeo and Juliet," which was leceived with very hearty applause. fter an interval Mr. Miilm read, from ickens' " Christmas Carol," the terview between the spirit of Christ as past and Chlristmas present and tye miser Scrooge, in which the old elrmudgeon is carried back to his boy Ijod's days when he was a happy ap hrntice to the jolly old Fezziwig; An whence he is transported to the lahble abode of Ihis servant Bob CAtchit, who, with his family aroiund hid, is enjoying the meal that comes b, once a year-the Christmas dinner. 21 Miln as a reader was charming, al seemed to throw hlimself into the spit of the author without effort. At the conclusion of the entertainment the reciter was heartily applauded. Da g the evenig musical selections we rendered by Mr. lBowles' string bangj _________ 