Review. Tee Centennial Magazine. — The Centen nial Magazine for April opens with an article by Walter E. Adams, on ' Short Stories,' in which he points out that first-class specimens of the kind are very uncommon. It was, perhaps, hardlv necessarv for him to do so. sinne the far.f; t© which he calls attention is one which is gener ally admitted. The most successful of the short story-tellers are, he considers, Edgar Allan Poe and Nathaniel Hawthorne, that is of the writers who come within the ken of English readers. A few foreign authors are referred to, Goethe among the rest ; but, strangely enough, Mr. Adams has not a word to say about the French man, Prosper Merimee, who was probably the greatest master of the art respecting which Mr. Adams undertakes to lay down the law. Or, without going beyond English samples of the description of work o£ which the essayist in the Centennial treats, it may be asked, whether that wonderful collec tion of stories of the supernatural in the late Mr. Sheridan Le Fanu's ' In a Glass Darkly,' does net, at the very least, fairly equal anything that Poe has accomplished in the same line. None of th6 great English novelists has, according to this critic, produced a perfect short story. What about ' Wandering Willie*s' tale in Scotfs ' Redgauntlet ?' Lord Lytton is mentioned also as one of the failures in the direction in question. Thackeray was not of Mr. Adams' opinion for he pronounced Lytton's ' Haunted and the Haunters,' to be the most powerful ghost story he had ever read, and that, as of course everybody knows, is a short story, too. The next article in the number is a pleasantly written account of the ' Swamp Grass Country ' in Girmsland, bv Constance B. Mason. '* Our Italian Friend,' by Mrs. Richard R. Armstrong, relates seme interesting 'experiences of two Australian ladies in Italy. Verse is represented by no less than five contri butors, the longest of whom is Mr. Steel Robert son; his performance in 'The Fetters of Rhyme' being entitled a comedy-opera, which occupies nine pages, and which is prettily illustrated. ' Gasparini's Escape ' is finished, as is also ' Dorothy,' and Rolf Boldrewood's ' Never more ' is continued. A paper on Richard D. Ireland and Dr. G. S. Evans end3 David Blair's ' Recollections of Three Melbourne Barristers.' The name of Mr. Ireland will be familiar to many persons in New South Wales as that of one who was long regarded as the first of criminal' advocates at the Victorian Bar, and whose efforts as a legislator, whatever else they may have lacked, were certainly not without brilliancy? -»;Mr. Blair says of him that he was ' one of the IaBt of that great race ' (of Irish barristers) 'to which belonged Grattan, Curran, O'Connell, Holmes, Whiteside, Bushe, and a crowd of other illustrious names.' Else where he remarks that Ireland always reminded him of G. V. Brooke. ' What Brooke was on the stage that was Ireland in the courthouse or in the assembly.' The rather exaggerated lan guage which Mr. Blair is apt to employ, whether in praise or blame, deprives his opinions on many subjects of much of the value which might otherwise attach to them. It is so in the present case. Those who remember the late Mr. Ireland will find it somewhat diffi cult to picture him, at his very best, either as a forensic or Parliamentary orator, in quite such a glorified light as he is encircled with by Mr. Blair. Beyond a doubt he was a shrewd, ready, voluble, witty, and able advecate, and a power ful debater in Parliament. That much may be admitted without recognising his title to such distinction as is claimed for him by Mr. .Blair, who, as has been seen, would have his readers believe that the oratorical manner of Ireland was as extraordi nary as the acting of Brooke, even as the facial expression and gestures of the great Earl of Chatham were compared with those of Garrick. Mr. Blair's eulogium of that cc learned Theban ' Dr. Evans, is pitched in a somewhat more mea sured and sober strain than he indulges in- with regard to the celebrated Irish- Victorian lawyer. Besides the contributions mentioned, there are other meritorious articles in' the Centenkial, and it contains several illustrations. 