GHOSTS IN CHINA. A Country in Which the . Super natural Forms a Feature of Life- There is probably no country in which ghosts play so prominent a part in the daily life of the people as China. There is no question ss to believing in ghosts. Everyone in the Celestial Empire does that. If a man a»wn tu uuoiuwo uo SOU) IV nutft WUUUOtlU|J whose spirit or ghost was resporsible for his misfortune; if he ia exceptionally succestini he does not forget to be thankful to the deni zen of spiritland to whoee special aid he at tributes his. success. Travellers among the Chinese have been struck with the autbenti- casionslly they have come across instances in which the belief was father to the bet. In one of these a guilty consoieuce canted a man to believe he was haunted fay the ghost of hie former partner.' The former's name was Chang and the latter's Li, and on one occasion they were both oat on the river. Id was leaning over the edge ol the boat, and Chang pushed him into the water, so as to secure the whole bnsinese for himself. ' No thing was beard of the an fortunate victim, and the snrvivor took charge ol the bosinese, 1 abstracting enough cash and secreting it to make any possible inquiries fruitless. As the anniversary of the tragedy approached, Chang became very sick and was greatly alarmed by an apparition which threatened him with death, if be did not at once make doe restitution to the ghost's family. The required promise was given with promptness and despatch, as well as ondonbted sincerity, bnt as soon as the sick man recovered he forgot to fulfil It. The performance was re peated the year following, and this time Chang was so impressed that ho lost no time in making not only full, bnt even excessive restitution. Brft a fatal ban seemed to be upon the man, and, business falling to a minimum, he deoided to move. He located, in a distant city, and while hunting up a re sidence he met what he supposed to he Id's ghost. As might have been expected, he protested warmly against the persecution to which he was subject, and asked what more was expected ol him. To his surprise the supposed ghost repudiated his ghostliness, and assured Chang that he was no spirit, but flesh and blood. The terrified Chang ex plained what bad happened, whereupon Li, with Oriental stolidness, remarked ; " So my ' falling into the river was not an accident ? I had neglected to pay due respect to the spirit of my father, and when X tumbled into the . river and was nearly drowned, I thought it a punishment for my impiety." ThnB the ex- planation itself affords a proof ol the general ! belief in the appearance of spirits and ghosts. Extraordinary precautions are taken to neutralise the evil in'fluenoe of ghosts, and this is specially the case when one man has! ldlled another. Then the ghost of the mur dered man is supposed to haunt the mur derer both day and night and to thwart his every undertaking. The man thns haunted is careful to keep idols m his sleeping apart- ! ment and even to carry a miniature god in ; his pocket. He does not fear death at the hands of the ghost,, for he is satisfied that the date of his death ia written in the book of fate, and that no power, divine, spiritual, or material, can change that reaord or expediate his demise. But short of death it is hie he- j lief that the ghost of his victim can and will ! do him every injury in Iris power. The ghosts of suicides are distinguished by wear ing red silk handkerchiela, and is a good de fence inn trial for murder that the deceased's ghoBt has been seen thus bedecked. Only the foolish are enpposed to be in danger from ghoBts, and it is a severe re proach to say of a man, "He ia afraid of ghoeiBl" The "ordinary epeotre is looked upon with mingled pity and contempt, and is believed to he readily cowed by anyone en dowed with an average amount of Belf-pos- stesion, the only trouble being tbat few people are Edf-poaaeaaed when confronted with a spirit in semi- materialised form. The most disreputable class of ghosts.are those of deceased paupers, and there is a peculiar ceremony known as ihs "appeasing of the burning mouths." On the day set spirt for the purpose plates ace filled with cake and labelled with invitations to the " honorable homeless ghosts" — a title which includes the spirits of these whpEe surviving relatives in the flesh either cannot or will not provide lor them. 