SOME BUHE SKETCHES.: AT THE SPECTRE. There is no need to travel far from Sydney to arrive on the confines of civilisation. Take a journey of a couple of hours by rail, across the Hawkesbury, and you will soon find yourself amongst a member of primitive little townships J now in the final stages of their development. By I and-bye, of course, they will become nourishing towns, with a dozen hotels, and a post-office, and a I courthouse, not to mention a gaol which latter is always too small to satisfy the wishes of the in I habitants. So that in time it will probably happen that they will send down to Sydney a strong deputation, headed by the local member, to petition for a new and enlarged house of correction. For by some strange process of reasoning it has come to be an artist a of faith in the country districts that the importance of a town is measured by the size of its gaol. No matter whether the place of detention be full or empty, the townsmen love to see the hideous brick walls frowning in their midst, and congratulate the selves daily on the skill and dipl mary which they displaced in inducing a paternal Government to erect such an utterly useless structure. It stands as the hall-mark of their development, and marks their transition from the village to the town. At this stage of the township's career It will arrive at the dignity of entertaining Ministers, when, over the festive board, it will be shown beyond the possibility of doubt that the district as the most fl furnishing and the most fertile in the whole of the colony, not to mention Australia or the rest of the world. Of course it is, and I am thoroughly convinced of this fact, because I have visited at least 60 districts in this colony, each of which was the most fertile, the most prosperous, and the best suited for railway communication. It stands to reason that a colony which possesses such a superabundance of the finest land, cannot be ex- cel ed by any other part of the world. But let this peculiarity pave. The township, which I have in my mind, consists at the present moment of a railway station, two stores, two hotels, a Public school, and a few odds and ends of shanties. None-, of these buildings are more than two years old, for the place has sprung up like a mushroom, in consequence of the opening of the railway line. Whether it will flourish in the face of the fierce competition of its neighbours up and down the have remains to be seen ; but so far it has contrived to hold its own. How the residents ma age of live and thrive, is a matter which passeth all comprehension. The country is but thinly settled, the Test selectors out on the back blocks are poor and struggling, and their custom is hardly worth having. The only article of any importance sent away is timber, and this trade furnishes employment to but few people. The leading hotelkeeper, who is about the most strike n/, or indeed the only striking man in the who e place, practically controls this trade. To him co i e the bush men, with their unwieldy ironbark or red-gum legs, were out of the depths of the base with an infinity of trouble, and by means of primitive appliances which would make a Canadian lumber man suppose that the world, or as much of it as is repress used by Australia, had not yet emerged fr m the barbaric age. The tree, a plant of the forest which has during the past century or so conquered all the struggling vegeta- tion around it, is cut down, perhaps on a hillside, or peru ups amidst the dense scrub of the alluvial Hate. In any case the labour of felling the tree with an axe is enormous, and then follows the more difficult task of getting it to the nearest road. The lo.; is, to use a technical expression, " Btiareohained." That is to carry, a heavy chain is attached to it, and at the other end of this chain a team of evil, with much enlarged n, ia urge i on to drag it through and over all obstacles, until the road is reached. A rude ox waggon, only one stand in advance of the Egyptian Arabs, takes it from here over rough and force us bush tracks to the railway station. The men engaged in this work are for the most part selectors, who have taken up selections which they never cultivate, preferring rather to make wages at timber-getting. There are many instances of this kind to be seen in the district It is so easy, under our kindly land law, to take up a selection, and once the conditions of purchase are complied with the occupier can do what he chooses with the land. Practically, he does nothing to improve it. He be Id- himself a rough slab shanty, where he houses his wife and children as well as may be, and here he seems to consider that his duty ends. Clearing land is expensive and troublesome work, and cultivation does not pay. so he just leaves the land in its primitive state, and contents himself with selling the beat timber on' it. In a few cases he fences off a small garden, and keeps a cow or two, but that is all. If you ask him why he does not clear a few acres, and plant wheat or maize, or why he does not start an orchid d, and go in for dairy farming, he has only one reply : It won't pay. And yet he had never tried, although he is living in the midst of one of the most fertile districts of New South Wales, which will produce almost anything Buiiab e to a temperate climes. The real truth is that he has no enterprise, no ambition to better the condition, and, above all, no capital. These three things are absolutely essential to successful farming operations; but the poor man has none of them, and so he just. drags on from year's end to year's end, allowing his children to grow up in rags around him, and his home to fall into decay and disorder, thankful only if, by hard manual labour, he can make enough to keep the wolf from the door. This is by no means, as the experienced can testify, an exaggerated picture of the condition of the settler in the undeveloped districts of the colony, but in time, of course, all these evils will remedy themselves, and a better class of men, with money and brains, will settle on the land, and make by proper culture, large profits out of it It was my fortune, when I entered the bush on a recent visit, to find myself obliged to make a tiresome tramp of some 40 miles by moonlight. At least I thought it tiresome before I started, whilst busily engaged in packing my oslo gings on the back of the only horse available. But I had not gone far before I found that it was rather an advantage than otherwise to travel by moonlight. Hy companion an 1 guide, a matter-of-fact young bushman, was somewhat puzzled! at my rapturous exclamations and causes of admiration, for he did not see anything particular in the effects produced by the moonlight glancing through the spreading branches of the high forest trees, nor in the dee,) patches of black shadow which enveloped their bases. How should he? he had been accustomed to these things all his lifetime, and hence would much rather have been at home in his camp bed than travelling along a rough and tortuous track. This apparent indifference, born of habit was only, however, skin deep, and my companion, once he found his tongue, showed a profound knowledge of the love of the bush. His chief theme suitable to the occasion, was the mysti- car, for even in such a young country as this the bush is full of (ghost stories, treasured up in the minds of those who dwell in rural regions. Any district which was settled during the earlier days of the colony is sure by this time to have borne a full crop of these ghostly anucdoteB, and my present location was no exception to the general rule. " You see this hut, said my friend, point- ing to a ruined hove., the outlines of which were dimly discernible in the moonlight; "noone has lived there since a convict killed his wife on the spot, somewhere about 50 years ago. I forget her. name now, but thou any that the woman still haunts the place, and comes Out every night tearing her hair, and wringing her hands, and shrieking for help. Even the dingoes won't go near the place." I could hardly wonder at the discernment which these savage brutes displayed, for the scene, viewed in the moonlight, even without the presence of the murdered woman, was about as weird as one could well conceive, I was glad to hurry past, for it seemed to me that, if I had stood there a moment ' longer, my overstrained fancy would have conjured up the figure of the murdered woman from out the shadowy outlines with which the bush on such a night is filled. The denizens of the bush have, as a rule, a firm belief. in the authenticity of these ghost stories, and they show their respect for them by religiously shunning any place which once had the reputation of being haunted. There are, of course, bush houses and bush houses, and the same shades of difference, according to the position or tastes of the owners, may be observed as in town. They range all the way from the bark humpy, a mere temporary shelter, to the palatial weatherboard residence with a shingle roof. The house in which I found myself was of type considerably higher than that of the ordinary bush residence, but still it may be taken as a fair sample of what a couple of hardy young pioneers can accomplish with their own hands, using only the material which they And on the land around them. The chief article required, of course, is wood, which is there in every abundance, the difficulty being to reduce it to a practicable shape. The axe is almost the only tool used, and with it a skilled man can turn the largest tree into slabs' in a wonderfully short space of time. The wood, mostly ironbark and the different varieties of gum, is hard and extremely durable, but therefore all the more difficult to work, and hence the bush-house, if it lacks finals, is extremely strong and lasting. The principle of construction is simple but efficient, and provides for ample ventilation. A rough frame is put up, and covered with daba, placed an inch or so apart, Through these cracks the air and the light, and sometimes, alas I -the rain, pours with the utmost freedom ; but in a climate like that of New South Wales this is rather an advantage than otherwise. Society met the inside is lined with old newspapers, but in the more luxurious houses, such as the one which I occupied rough smoking is moi The roof may be either bark or iron, or perhaps shingle, but in any case you have a comfortable habit able house, at the minimum of expense. I must not, however, forget to mention the fireplaces, which in their generous proportions take us back to the early English team, when it was the custom to roast oxen whole, and to indulge in other gastronomical extravagances. You can, if you like, burn a whole tree on one of these huge boan ha, with their sloping wooden chimneys, bat as wood is cheap in the bush, economy in this respect is not studied. The only drawback to sleeping in the country are the sounds of the night These are multiple, and may be divided into two sections : first, the sounds which are strictly natural; and secondly, the sounds which result from man's interference with nature's operations. The frog, with its d scordant creek, takes a prominent place in the first section. Then there are a multitude of insects, each with its own note, and occasionally a dingo come down from afar, and howls mournfully. There is, by the way, something utterly unearthly about the dingoes howl, which corresponds to no other known sound, and even the dingo himself seems to be afraid of his voice, for he always hunts in packs, as if for the asks of company. The second class of sleep-preventing sounds depend for their intensity upon the nature of the household. There are, of course, the dogs, always more or less numer- us, who seem to be continually raising false alarms, and rushing off into the bush after imaginary game possums, or bear, or come the g of the kind. The page, who ought more properly to be asleep, accumulating layers of fat for subsequent conversion into bacon, also contribute not a little to the noises of the night ; whilst the durne tic fowl, who roosts inconveniently near the house, seems to begin his ode to the dawn just about the time when one finds it possible to go to sleep. For city habits cannot, be some people imagine, be shaken off all in a day, and late hours still cling to one, even in the bush. The bush horse is another extraordinary animal which deserves a little at; en don. He usually belongs to the class which "an experienced dealer would describe as " crocks." He spends most of his time in carefully getting lost in the scrub. Thus, in the bush, when you want to go anywhere, you usually spend two days over it. The first day you use in finding your horse, and the next in travelling to your destination. Owing to the absence of fenced paddocks, it is the custom to turn the horses loose in the bush, with a bell round their necks, and naturally the animals wander as far as possible from home. It usually saves time to walk when you; are in a hurry to get to a place, because it takes you longer to Bad your horse than it does to travel on foot. But the bush.' an does not look at the matter from this economical point of view, and he will walk three miles to find his horse, for the purpose of visiting a neighbour who lives half a mile away, and it never occurs to him the whole proceeding is an extravagant waste of energy. The bush cow is another animal with similar vagaries although she, as a general rule, returns home in time to get milked in the morning. When she does not, you have to go without milk all day. The cow return home, not because of any insane fondness which she has for being milked, but simply because her calf is conceited somewhere on the premises, and she naturally wants to get back to it. In the afternoon, when the calf U released from its pen, she calmly proceeds to decoy it as far away into the bush as possible-, until at nightfall she his to be hunted up, and her progeny carefully secur. d. 