Situation in Sydney. Sydnbv, September 12. Tho Laheur Defence Committee aunounce that they do not intend to call out the western miners so long as the colliery proprietors do not interfere with the matter at issue. J. no employers conference ana also tho labour conference sat to-day. The Press were not admitted to either meeting. The crew of the American ship Arkurright were brought up at the Police Court at Now- oastta to- day, charged with disobeying the captain's orders, when ordered to trim the coals. The benoh disagreed, and tho prisoners will be retried. Three men, named Richards, Roderick, and Gammey were tried at the Maitland Quarter Sessions on a cbargo of assaulting tho police at Newcastle during the recent labour trouble. The jury, after being locked up all night, wero unable to agree, and tho prisonere were re manded, hail being allowed. At tbe Folios Court to-day, a union man, for beating a non-unionist with intent to prevent his going to work, was sent to gaol for three months without the option of a iiue. A union picket, for assaulting a non-unionist and dragging him against his will to the union barrackB, was sentenood to 14 days' imprison ment, without the option of a fine. Last night, during a drinking row between a number of seamen, who wore discussing tho strike difficulty, one, named Michael Breen, discharged a revolver at John Hussey. The shot, fortunately, did not take effeot. He waB immediately arrested and remanded until to morrow. Sydney, September 13. Affairs on the wharves are" now almost stagnant, and this is doubtless duo chiefly to the moro rigorioua police discipline whioh is being exercised. Mounted troopers paraded tho dis affected quarters st intervals during tho day, and tbe regular police aro massed uc the local watehhouses ready for any emergency. In addition to this there are 1,500 speoiul con stables quite ready at tho call of duty, with the military iu reserve. Authenticated reports on every hand sot forth the undoubted fact that many of the men are anxious to return to work on the old terms. Many of them would prefer to see tho unions yield up tho ghost than have the dispute protraoted to starvation point. De fection is already apparent in the ranks of tho stewards, as a number of the ohiof s to wards of the A.U.S.N. end Union Companies' boats re main at their employ. It is hnown also that overtures have been made by soveral officers, and would be oarried out but for the dread of the uniens. Inquiries as to the possibility of filling the officers' positions havo elicited tne foot that among the general body ot seamen in the colony there are nearly 300 certificated officers. 