[?] THE SPIEITUAL LIFE IN OURSELVES AND OTHERS: HELPS AND HINDRANCES. A Paper read 'before the Church Assembly at Trinity Hall, East Melbourne, Forenoon, September 30th, 1890, by the Rev. W. Staeey Chapman, D.I). ? ;-; Mr Loed Bishop — My Rev. Bretheen, — The last thing I could desire for myself in accepting the undeserved honour of addressing you on this extremely important subject, would be the suspicion of saying, or of attempting to say, anything new. The nature of the spiritual life — its hindrances and its helps — have been familiar topics with all who have desired to live it, from the Day of Pentecost downwards. And far be it from any of us to Buppose there were not earnest seekers after the spiritual life before that day as afterwards. But the limitations of revelation, combined, as they could not but be, with hesitations of thought and deficiencies iu but: iJie&ub; vi ius e.A.j;ieBBvuu, pjcevtmueu tuu uuuinut; uj. uue bjjiiihuch life, from being ms full and recognised and explicit under the earlier dispensation as it afterwards became. ' The Holy Ghost was not yet given' (St. John vii. 39)— had not yet become the general heritage oE the Church. And that brings us at once to the question of the origin of the spiritual life, and of the special obligations we are under in respect of its cultivation. I take what seems to some the extreme position of maintaining that unless we ourselves are in possession of spiritual life, we have no business whatever in the ministry of ? Christ's Church. We shall be unable to feed .the flock of God with knowledge. Our miuistry will be a self-consistent chapter of pre destined error. The blind will lead the blind. Now, beyond all question, as I hope and presume — at least among ourselves — is the fact, and the vital and everpresent conviction of the fact, that the only origin of the spiritual life is God the Holy Ghost. As it is with ourselves in that respect, so is it with our people. There can be no spiritual growth without the preliminary of spiritual birth, and that birth is by the Spirit of God. There is no simpler, no profounder, no more solemn asseveration in any part of the teaching of the Incarnate God than this: 'Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot . enter into the Kingdom of God.' (St. John iii. 5.) . ' But we know all this.' So much the better ; but my brethren, I think, will forgive me for referring to it, for I have what seems to me sufficient reason. Thus : It is obvious to every one that our ministry answers a considerable variety of purposes. We promote good feeling ; we facilitate social intercourse in our parishes ; we make our own independent and very necessary protests from time to time against commercial immorality, or-attempted social tyranny, or legislative error. We encourage the observance of the Lord's Day ; we insist upon the Sacraments ; we are urgent about attendance on the public forms of devotion. Even music and athletics receive some portion of our care. We make many visits ; we are 'sensible men; ' we are 'good fellows.' And then, we are 'successful.' Now, I am as far as any human being can be from entertaining even a depreciatory thought — to say nothing of uttering a depreciatory word — about any one of these things. ? But I say they constitute a most subtle and almost irresistible temptation for ourselves and our people alike ; they obtain a place which does not belong to them. They help us to forget that if success of that sort is all we achieve, our ministry is dismal failure. People must have amusements and relaxation without doubt. So must their clergy. 'And it is far better Buch things should' be under the genial sanction of the Church than not. _ But our own proper work is different from that and higher, and immeasurably more difficult. We are stewards of the mysteries of God. These things we may very properly and beneficially do, but the others may on no account be left undone. And as these others, these spiritual aims of our ministry, are of such supreme con cern to ourselvis and our people alike, so should they receive beyond all comparison the chief part of our time and our care and endeavour ; and we should take deliberate thought, and make no infrequent specific effort, to guard our congregations from mistaking one thing for another, to prevent them from resting among the amenities and comforts and refined pleasures of the lower, when it is only the higher which should content either them or us. As to the danger to the spiritual life in ourselves and others, which is constituted by these mere side issues, by these parerga of our work, theoe ' accidents ' of parochial diligenoe, I believe they could hardly be exaggerated, and I humbly submit they need to be seriously and distinctly considered. . There is another and very real, though in some respects inferior danger to the spiritual life, in the popular ideas and tastes in respect of sermons. The ideas are vague, but the tastes are exacting — all the more so because so frequently unformed and thoughtless and ignorant. Those tastes and ideas we have all discovered are clearly hostile to systematised courses of instruction, however brief, and to dogmatic teaching. The spiritual life in our people is exposed to additional dangers in consequence, and the more serious-minded among them — not the frivolous — become easier victims of prosely tising whether Roman or Dissenting. We too often stimulate emotion without insisting that no emotion can be healthful that is without influence on conduct, and that conduct and emotion alike uaiavju fcyv- VIA uui* llut^o irj. UCUU1UC UlAUUgiAU, UJL iaUUUaaiac»a CUIJ.VAWU2.vrAA, You can teach a great deal of dogma without saying so. It is to only a very few that a prudent physician will tell all the ingredients of the medicine he sees to be required. While, on the other hand, it is sometimes useful to insist on dogma with utmost frankness ; and, as far as I have been able to observe, a congregation may be led to thoroughly enjoy it. Definiteness, lucidity, coherence, have a natural charm- for all minds ; and it seems to me that few things should be easier to us than to impress upon our congregations from time to time, that as all beauty of feature, all grace of movement, all vigour of brain, all exaltation of more than delight in intellectual energising, presuppose and require a solid structure of bone and tissue as their basis, so, for the soul's energising, there is .impera tively necessary a basis of definite thought, i.e.', a basis of dogma ; and that sound health and wise work are impossible without it. Mary's ointment was ' very precious,' and noblest use she made of it, but that use would scarcely have been possible without the vase in which to carry it. With every deference to the better knowledge of my brethren, I submit that .the prevailing impatience of dogma should be wisely opposed, that it tends to depreciation and neglect of the ordinances of the Church, that it facilitates erroneous views both of the Church and the Ministry, that it is unavoidably injurious to the tone and soundness of the spiritual life. I say almost nothing of perfunctoriness or professionalism in the discharge of our public duties, because it is inconceivable to me that to the spiritual life ; they are crimes against souls. He who would allow himself to be chargeable with them, is simply an aotor who has mis taken his vocation. A temptation to perfunctoriness, however as distinguished from professionalism, will occur sometimes perhaps to almost all of us. Illne3S, discouragement, sleeplessness, antagonism, congregational unresponsiveness to our endeavours, all these will try us, even terribly, at one time or other. And then will the spiritual barometer indicate a great depression, and the mechanioal perfor mance of our duties will become natural and inevitable, unless we take care. Never, however, can all things be against us. It is very improbable that there will not be one or two in even the smallest and most trying congregation who will not respond to our endeavour at those times, i fonly we will resolutely make it. That endeavour will be found to have an immense reflex influence on oursolves to be infinitely beneficial to our own spiritual life. It is an endeavour, however, which none of us will ever make successfully in his own strength. Happily we need not try. When, through whatsoever cause, I am weak, and so tempted to become meohanical, then am I strong as soon as I remember how my Master and Lord himself desires the spiritual life of my people, and that it is through even me He deigns to speak to them. ? ' Why therefore should we do ourselves this wrong, ' Or others — that we are not always strong ; ' That we are overborne with care ; ' ' That we should ever weak or heartless be.' Anxious or troubled, when with us is prayer, And joy and strength and courage are with Thee 1 Notwithstanding that I have by no means exhausted the list of the hindrances to the spiritual life in ourselves or others, it will be a great relief to turn to the consideration of our helps. The first and chief of them is undoubtedly that which was touched on in the last paragraph of my paper. It will be beneficial to refer to it again, but before doing so there are one or two other things it may be useful to recall. ? '??? ' Not all constitutions are alike, but I confess that, for myself , I derive frequent advantage for my spiritual life from the many satisfactions of my logical reason, obtained from the study of Christian Evidences. Sometimes it is one department, and at other times another. I in no way forget that no one can rightly say that Jesus is the Lord save by the Holy Ghost. But to us at least there are other things requisite besides docility, before we can. receive His teaching. If critical difficulties, or historical or philosophical diffi culties arise, they need to be in good measure removed, before we can be duly sensitive to the purely iDivine influence. So, for myself, 1 confess to finding Apologetics a means of grace ; and I know that among our congregations are very many who could testify to the same thing. He who cleans windows may not rank very high per haps in the hierarchy of service, though he may be useful to people with weak eyes or weary ones ; and the Apologist in like manner may help the spiritual life in both himself and others, by clearing away cobwebs and dust, and making easier the inflow of the transforming ? light of God into the temple of the soul. I am in no way in position to say whether , Apologetical preaching receives a sufficiency of attention from us or does not, but I am entirely sure of the necessity for.it, and that indirectly it is in very many cases an ' invaluable spiritual aid. Passing other means by which we can assist ourselves or others in the spiritual life, I cannot pass by prayer. Yet how to speak of it ? It seems too sacred for speech, though most needing to be spoken of. For what is like it 1 It is comfort, it is assurance, it is guidance, it is exposition, it is spiritual power, it is illumination for God's orator, it is ecstasy, it is mastery over souls through the answering grace of Him who is Master (Despotes) of us all. Ask, and ye shall have ! If we being only sinful men — full of all imperfections and self-seeking, envious, jealous, distrustful of one another and of our Lord — if even we know how to give good gifts to our children, how much more shall our Father in Heaven give his Holy Spirit to us who ask Him .in order that we may progress in the spiritual life 1 We must remem berf_ however, that successful prayer needs the intensest reflective and petitioning energy of our whole consciousness. Mere devotional feelings expressing itself in words appears to me one thing, and - fre quently a very useful thing ; but what we as teachers and preachers want is something higher and mightier than is granted in answer to | merely devotional feeling expressing itself in words. We want a | I spiritual life that shall always be spiritual power with God, power \ with men, the prayer that wins, that demands the concentrated energy of the whole spiritual consciousness. It is that whole consciousness, ; inclusive of the intelligence, the affections, the will — which is indis pensable to prayer. The prayer, I mean, is the soul in its weakness, yet at the same time, with profound assurance of its sublime pre rogative and dignity of sonship, going forth to the Father in rapt . communion and exalted trust. What aid is prayer to 'our own spiritual life is doubtless known by blessed experience to us all. We ' ? know that it may be of equal service to our people. But what we heed from time to time more- definitely to recall is ita really unbounded influence on our public ministry. He whose ministra tions in the sanctuary are to any considerable extent to assist the spiritual life of his people must get more and more of spiritual life for himself specifically by means of prayer. : Last. In this second part of my paper, not less than in the first, it has been the pastor's own spiritual life as bearing on and connected with the spiritual life of his people, that has chiefly occupied my thoughts. Various things have been omitted, but there is at least one thing which, though overwhelming in its rebuke to myself, I feel unable to omit. I refer with all humility to this— one's own character as influencing the spiritual life of one's people. On that subject it goes without saying that I cannot presume to speak directly . . to my brethren of the clergy. They are far more qualified to speak to me. But I can speak to myself, and in words much better than my own ; and if there should be anything in these words that applies to fathers, though less painfully than to myself— or that may be serviceable to. others, though in less degree than to myself — I gladly undergo the humbling and rebuke of quoting the following from : Bishop Bull. The passage occurs in a Visitation Sermon, preached in 1714, on ' The Great Difficulty and Danger of the Priestly Office': — 'If a man,' says the Bishop, 'had ' pasan gnosin ' all sorts of knowledge, so as to be able to understand all mysteries ; if he were prudent beyond the prodigious measure of Solomon's wisdom ; if those endowments were crowned in him with an eloquence more than human, so that he were able to discourse like an angel ; yet without holiness he were as nothing, or at best but as tlit sounding brass or tinkling cymbal. The priest that is not clothed with righteousness, though otherwise richly adorned with all the ornaments of human and divine literature, and those gilded over with the rags of a seraphic prudence and sagacity, is yet but a naked, beggarly, despic able creature, of no authority, no interest, no use or service in the Church of God.'— Worlis i. 156. It is not for me to add to those terrible and weighty words. But when I recall them they send me afresh to the only Author of spiritual life — the Author and Giver of all good gifts — and, as I humbly think, with some advantage to the spiritual life of those to rvhom it is my privilege to preach. 