A PARABLE. TO IBS XDITOB. Sir— I have a little dog, a gentle creature, whiob maintains the most amicable relation! with the denizens of its own small world, excepting always cats and Chinamen, The other evening, just after dusk, my attention was attracted by an unusual demon stration on the pact of Tiny. Commencing with short interrogative yaps, eoapled in the intervals with lone drawn basB erawls. her voice, as suspicion gave way to resentment, gradually rose into a quick Buooeuion of deafening bowwows. Speculating on the cause _ I went out. It couldn't be cats. The intrusion of a oat into our premises was mostly followed by a yBlp and. a scurrying ruth, generally abruptly terminated by pussy putting a 6 ft. paling fence between herself and her enemy. Her Chinese averaioo could sot be tbe cause. Oar Chinese hawker osnally produced his smiling visage and spring vegetables at our front gate during daylight; moreover he had too much regard for the integrity of his nether coverings to venture inside while the dog was at large. Outside, boarever, a glanoe explained it all. A big whit* j ug containing a teg white bouquet had a minute or ao before been pat oat on the grass in tie rain. Tiny coming around the corner had been ?mdderaly confronted with a spectacle which to the canine imagination possibly sug gested the ghost of some worried aad defunct torn eat. Anyhow, there she was at a respectable distance barking at it with ?nob ftuy that after every explosion she recoiled like a small field piece. The only oourro was to drag her to it, when after amelliog it all around abe looked ex ceedingly ashamed, and rolled over on her baok in abject apology. 6be had been barking at something cbe did not cndentan3. The moral in its appuoation tosomflnewspaper letter writers is obvious. I strongly reoommend its eonaidera- I tioa to Mr. M. W. Green and others, who, from tbe obiourity of private life, are ao ready to raise a clamor about the sayings and doings of gentlemen in public positions— gentlemen who are a* a rule far better qualified to act and t Pf*k in discharge of their duties than ia the critic to eriticiae.— I am, &e; . T HEWir3OX, Puie street. October S3. 1890s. «'»SBJlBBBBMBWBJBJBSlBlBlJBiBj*BBliB«BBBBJjm 