Cjje Dexter ®$rfy, PUBLISHED EVEBY WEDNESDAY AND SATUR DAY MOBNING. WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 2,,1890. The Rbv.J. NICHOLSON'S FABEWELL.-The Rev. J. Nicholson, who has completed ."his term of three years as minister of the Mount Gambier Wesleyan Circuit, preach*** his farewell sermon on Sunday evening laet. A large congregation assembled to hear him. Mr. Nicholson s text was 2nd Corinthians xiii. 11- "Finally, brethren, farewell," &o.; The words of the text forihed a very appropriate final counsel to give to any church, he said ; and having sketched the condition and circumstances of the.Corinthian church at the time St. Paul wrote the letter, he explained the applic ability of the words to the Church of Corinth, snd then applied them to their own case and condition. Speaking of the exhortation "Be of good comfort, he said they might apply the words to themselves, to God's spiritual dealings with them. They might not. have had all the success their hearts would desire, but they had not labored altogether in vain, nor spent their strength for nought. The church in its general membership had been earnest and devoted, and God had smiled on their efforts. It might be wise to comfort their hearts by taking hold of gome of the tangible results that were visible to them, although they recognised that frequently the kingdom of God did not come by obser vation, and that the results of the Spirit's working were not eaBily tabulated. Three years ago, when he was privileged to take chaTge of this churoh, the number on the roll represented 197 full members. To-day he was thankful to say there were 267 full members, 5 on trial, and 37 junior members, thus repre senting au increase in three years of 111. They recognised that God had been with them, and had occasion to be of good comfort when they saw results like these. They also knew that there were others brought to God that had not been entered on the church roll-who had been translated to the Church above or had removed to other parts of the country. The secular aspects of the church too had been of an encouraging kind. He wanted the con gregation to be of good comfort in regard to his successor. He could speak without bated breath and without any reserve of his personal confidence in the Rev. John Leggoeas a brother, as one on whom the favor of God had rested, and to whom God had given many tokens of blessing in his ministry in the years gone by. He commended him to their love, their prayers, and their co-operative service, recog nising that if they gave him that in full measure they would have much reason to be of good comfort. Speaking on the exhortation, " Be of one mind," he remarked that it meant "be one in sympathy, one in sentiment," but not that the church members were to abso lutely set aside their individuality in regard to thinking and conviction. He took it that while Paul meant that they should be of thesamemind and judgment he did not regard the members of the ohurch as mere machines, but that they were to think on all minor _ matters with an absolute singleness of conviction and view, but that in regard to the fundamentals of their common faith, in all that pertained to unison and sympathy in the church, there was to be a distinct endeavor to be of uue mind. And as a church they were thankful to feel that they were of one mind, that in doctrinal matters they had no division among them. The Methodist Church seemed to have quite made up its mind as to what the teaching of the New Testament was, and they accepted the same teachings and walked by the same rule. The exhortation meant further that they should be of one mind in their desire for the salvation of others. Live in peace; that was they were to live in an atmosphere of peace, as in the air, Burrounded by the church in which they formed a part. The preacher enlarged especially on the blessedness of being at peace with God. The promise that was held out to those who sought to be perfect, who were of good comfort, who were of one mind, and lived in peace, was " the God of love and peace shall be with you'." This was one of God's " shalls," one of God's imperative moods. When John Wesley, the venerable founder of their church was passing away, his last words to those who surrounded his bed were, "The best of all is God is with us." Their pastors would come and go, but God would never leave them. He was the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. The preacher then bade all a final farewell. There was no manner of doubt that those who were in Christ would fare well if they cleaved to tha Saviour; but how could he say " Farewell" to those who were still out of Christ 1 He directed an earnest appeal to such to accept Christ that very evening. He concluded - And now, brethren, finally, farewell. I call Heaven and earth-I call Heaven-the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost-and I call earth-you here present in this church-I call heaven and earth to record against you this day I have set life and death before you, blessing and cursing-choose life that you may live. I call heaven and earth to record that I am this day clear from the blood of men. Once more I beg of you, with love in my heart, sympathy in my soul, with a yearning desire that the highest enjoy ments of the Christian life may be yours-I beg of you to bow in penitence at the feet of JesuB, gather, if you will, at the footstool of the Lord, and seek to remember in penitence of soul what the Lord has done for you, and may God,' even our God, abundantly bless you. Amen. ' CONCERT bt BLIND PERFORMERS.-A large and appreciative audience assembled in the Institute Hall on Monday evening to hear a concert by several inmates of the Industrial School for the Blind, North Adelaide. The entertainment was in aid of the school, and it is only reasonable to conclude that sympathy for the afflicted people who are there taught to earn a livelihood for themselves induced many to attend. The singers were eleven in number, nine of whom were blind-four gentle men and five ladies. Most of them had been at the Mount before, but their efforts on Monday indicated a very marked improvement all round. The whole company sang several choruses remarkably well, the most appreciated of which appeared to be the " Laughing Chorus" and " May Day " (Mttller). Solos were sung by Misses Green, Craske, Brooks, aud Smith, and Mr. Kent. The latter has a bari tone voice of a pleasing quality, and was very warmly applauded, In "The jovial farmer's boy " a whiBtling duet was introduced, in which Mr. Kent was assisted by Mr. Richards. Miss Brooks, an excellent soprano, was well complimented for her song " Close to the threshhold." Miss Green (contralto) sang " Laddie," which was much appreciated. Miss Smith was encored for her tasteful rendering of the song " Wishes and fishes" (Roeckel). Duets were sung by Misses Brooks and Smith and by Mr. Kent and another ; and a quartette, "Basso profundo," by Misses Brooks and Smith and Messrs. Kent and Sterne. The latter waB capitally rendered, and was repeated. The overture, from " the Bohemian Girl," was played in an artistic manner by Miss Green; and the opening number of the second part of the concert-a pianoforte duet from " Martha " -was successfully played by MiBses Mack and Smith. Mr. Sterne contributed a recitation in good Btyle. Towards the close of the entertain, nient tne Mayor (Mr. F. Davison), who pre sided, made a few remarks, in which he com plimented the musicians for the capital enter tainment they had given. Mr. Sterne replied, and on behalf of the blind people thanked all who had assisted to make tne entertainment a success, and the audience for their presence. The entertainment closed with a verse of the National Anthem. The company gave a con cert at Millicent last night, and they appear at Penola to-morrow night. TANTANOOLA CHEESE AND BUTTER FACTORY. -To Tantanoola belongs the credit of being the first centre in the South-East to possess a butter factory. The directors of the cheese factory there have purchased and erected in their premises a complete plant for the manu. facture of butter on the factory principle. The completion of the work was celebrated on Mon day with a little demonstration, which caused a large amount of local interest, A number of gentlemen had been invited from Millicent, Mount Gambier, etc., and they, with the local residents interested, made up, a large company. The machinery was, in their pregagQQ, stertsd in thewor&of; tmttsMaaUiegj and success to the new industry was cordially wished by all. The machinery, we learn, worked satisfactorily, and Tantanoola factory made butter will soon be on the market. A number of toasts were honored over a glass of wine, Mr. A, F. Telfer, the managing Direotor of the Company, presiding. Everyone will oordially wish that the enterprise of the com pany may be amply repaid. MR. WILLIASI ROBBIE, assisted by his son, Mr. J. 0. Robbie, has just completed a series of 22 panoramic views of Australian scenes, which do much credit to their artistic skill, taste, and industry. They comprise four Mount Gambier. viewB, four of the Broken Hill mines, aad one each of Adelaide, Port Adelaide, Port Darwin, Perth, Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, Hobart, The Frenchman's Pass, The Wreck of the Admella, Black Thursday, etc. They are each 14 ft. by 7£ ft. Arrangements are being made for their exhibi tion throughout the colonies, commencing at Mount Gambier. Judging from a prelimin aiy view we are able to say that the panorama will be well worth a visit. It is quite equal to anything we have seen in the colonies. MOUNT GAMBIER HOSPITAL.-The monthly report contains the following figures t Patients in on March 1, 45; admitted during the month, 18; discharged, 26; died, 1; re maining on March 31, 36; outpatients treated, 62, MR, OSMAN, M.P., has received the follow ing letter from the Secretary of the Agricul tural Bureau re the travelling dairy:-" Adel aide, March 25,1890. Sir,-5 have the honor, by direction of the Hon. the Premier, to state that if suitable arrangemeuts can be made the travelling dairy will be sent to the South-East. To make the work effective it is necessary that some kind of shelter should be provided for the plant and people whilst the dairy is in opera tion. A daily supply of not less than sixty allons of new milk is essential. Two steady orses used to horse-works would be needed. The milk would be made into butter or cheese, and returned to suppliers in payment for the milk; skim milk and whey also returned. Nominal charge allowed for use of horses. Shed or shelter for plant to be provided free of cost to dairy. Lectures and demonstrations free to public. LDIHERAN CHCBCH.-The Lutheran Church in Clara ville, which has just been enlarged by the addition of a gallery, and otherwise im proved, was re-opened on Sunday last. The work has been very satisfactorily completed by the contractor, Mr. J. T. Topham. The service at 11 a.m. was conducted by the Rev. F. W. Matchoss, who preached from Zechariah vi. 13-"Even he shall build the temple of the Lord, and he shall bear the glory." During the service two special anthems-" Praise the Lord" and another from the 84th Psalm were sung by the choir, uuder the lead of Herr Jonas. There was a large congregation at the service, and also at the evening one. MEETING OF CREDITORS.-On Saturday after noon an adjourned meeting of creditors of Mr. Isaac Gould, of Glenburnie, farmer and con tractor, was held at Messrs. Davison & Daniel's office, the business being to confirm the reso lution paaaed on March 14 to accept a com position of 5s. in the pound, payable in three months. A0.no guarantee for the payment of the composition was fortncomiagthe resolution could not be confirmed, and a proposition that the estate should be assigned for the benefit of the creditors was adopted. Messrs. A. Mac Arthur, butcher, and W. Saunders, chaff dealer, were appointed trustees. AT the suggestion of the Caledonian Society of Millicent, preferred to the Railway Commis sioners through Mr. Osman, M.P., it has been decided to delay the starting of the train from Beaohport on Easter Monday till 0 p.m. This will enable Mount Gambier visitors to Milli cent to Btay for both sports and concert. No reduction is made in the fares, however, MR, OSMAN, M.P., has been advised by the Railway Commissioners that the Bpecial ar rangements connected with the running of the Wednesday train between Beachport and Mount Gambier, which have been in force for several months, will be'oontinued during the month of April. MR. A. C. SOHBADBB announces in our ad vertising columns that he has arranged to take up hia residence in Mount Gambier as a teacher of musio and pianoforte tuner. He brings with him excellent testimonials both as a teacher and a tuner, and he cannot fail to be an acquisition to the musical circles of the town. RAINFALL.-In Maroh the rainfall at Mount Gambier as registered at the Telegraph-office, was 0.730 inch. Rain fell on six days. The record for the first quarter of the year has thus been 1.811 inches. In March last year the fall was 0.898 inch, and for the first three months 5.013 inches. CRICKET.-A return match between teams representing the Mount Gambier and Apsley Clubs has been arranged for Friday and Satur day next on Frew Park, and a match between Mount Gambier and Narracoorte for Easter Monday on the same ground. The players chosen to represent the Mount in the matches are as followsA. G. Phillips (captain), W. R. Jones, W. Walter, J, Pick, H. Pick, J. C. MacCallum, W. J. Stockdale, Harris, A. V. Lukey, A. H. Neale, and A. Grieve. Emergencies-Shipway, F. B. Davison. Admission to the ground on each day will be 6d. VALEDICTORY. - Mr. Duncan MacKenzie, who has for eleven or twelve years been in business in this town as a tobacconist, but who has been compelled by failing health to relin quish it, was entertained by a number of townspeople on Monday evening at a valedic tory spread at the Town Hall Hotel. Mr. J. Shepherd presided. The health of the guest was drank with great cordiality, and the Chair man, on behalf of Mr. Mackenzie's friends, presented that gentleman with a valuable gold albert and locket as a parting souvenir of their respect and esteem. Mr. Mackenzie, in reply, referred to his regret at being compelled to leave Mount Gambier, where he had made so many good friends, and assured them he would never forget them. He left yesterday morning for Adelaide, en route to Broken Hill. THE annual meeting of the Mount Gambier Teachers' Association took place at the Mount Gambler school on Saturday, March 22. The President (Mr. Harford) occupied the Chair. The attendance was good. The Secretary laid on the table correspondence from Mr. V. J. Pavia ri Union business, and from Mr. J. R[ m£aU18' °®cer art examinations. Mr. A. Thompson was proposed for membership, and accepted. The Secretary rendered his annual report, dealing with the statistics of the Association. There had been six meetings during the year, average attendance 10 out of 14; five committee meetings, average attend ance four out of five. The financial condition was sound. Special reference was made to the meetings of the South Australian Teachers' Union attended by Messrs. V. J. Pavia and Albanus. The President then addressed the meeting. In the course of a very interest ing address he commented upon the various benefits derived from the Association by its members, and the good work it was capable of accomplishing. Nor was the hum orous element lost sight of, and the address concluded with the fervent wish that during the ensuing year the Association might achieve even greater things than it had done in the past. The whole of the address was very at centively listened to and a hearty approval accorded to every portion of it. The election of officers was the next item on the pro gramme. It resulted in the following appoint ments :-Mr. A. H. Neale (Mount Gambier), President ; Mr. J. Harford (Yahl Paddock), Vice- President; Messrs, E. Thomas (Compton) and M. O'Shaughnassy (Kingsley), members of Committee; Mr. H. S. G. Albanus (Square Mile),Secretary,re- appointed; Mr. V.J. Pavia, A. H. Neale, and A. Haddy, Union delegates, votes of thanks were passed to Mr. V. J. Pavia, and the retiring officers. On the motion of Mr. W. J. George, seconded by Mr. P. Mac Mahon, an alteration in the constitution was effected, altering the time of meeting from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. The discussion on "First k-rade Art Examination," besrun at a former meeting, was "continued, The Secretary was instructed to inform the officer of examinations that the teachers of the M.G.T.A. were ar ranging for a course of lessons to prepare them for the November examination, as the number of candidates prepared to enter fot the May examinations was not sufficiently large to war rant the holding of a local examination. The meeting then closed. GAUGED, ROWAN, & Co. make their first Grand Show of Spring and winter Goods on Thursday, 3rd April, and following days. 