If Sketcher. if Adolphe Cadol's tittle Plan- ||| ' But why shouldyou Iiate Zeph. Sawyer? Ip X have a reason. On Thursday he will pro- ||p bably wrest from me the prize I have set my Hi heart on for years. Bnt you, how has' he in-" re- jured you? x>an i mos ami/ repuea Adolpne Uadol : ' hate ! you talk of hate? "What is your feol- mg about a student's competition, which to- day had three lines in the Figaro, and to- morrow is buried in obliviou, to my enduiing "f Pafc don ? Listen. Three years ago I went to board at the pension of the "Veuve Porret. Li\ ed there in the house, an English girl, fresh-hearted, noble. I loved her, and she might have loved me. She would have lifted ;v. me out- of the slough of cynical selfishness _ into which we Parisians are sinking. Six months after there comes this accursed r» American. He has the ridiculous name Zephaniah; he speaks through his nose : but1 for all that his nose is well-cut ; he has bright eyes— you know the rest. ' Now the English girl has no longer eyes forme. 'They are . engaged. I would have died for her.' And Adolphe smote: the table ' in impotent wrath. fThe two young men were dining in' ' the upper room of a Parisian restaurant. There : was no one else in the room but'ah imperturb able waiter. The first" speaker' was a tall, handsome but weak-looking man. of tiree- and-twenty. His name was Eugene 'Bas- . u taird, and;jid was a sculp toi\/' His 'companion ? was <i short, dark' MafseiUe'aiS, ' "some' seven. ytars older, Sot Southern" blood coursed ; through his veins ; but ten" years of ' Paris life had told its talc, and he was worn and pale. Adolphe Cudof was bouse physician \- at a Paris hospital: singularly clever, and a = . great biologist. After this outburst, they sat silent for a few seconds, then Cadol said— ' Tell me Bastaird: supposing Sawyer .. .. were to be beaten at the Ecole Artistique, would he be disappointed?' Jnteerly, rephed the other. 'He is, as you know, no bavard ; but he knows that I am his most dangerous competitor, . and he knows that he has little to fear from me.' ' The statues will, I assume, be returned ?' ' X es, immediately after the competition — that is to say, on the Eriday evening. There ir will be no exhibition of them at the Ecole, so r that the winner of the medal can be able to set to work at the marble in time for next j Salon.' ' ' Ah ! the casts therefore are returned the ! next morning.' L ' Good God, Cadol ! you would notkillhim?' ' Carcon,' cried the doctor, .' another bottle of Chambertin, blue seal. -Bastaird,' he exclaimed, when the room wa: entirely empty, ' I have an idea ;. do you understand poisons ?' , ' ' Kill him ? but no — at least, not intention - _ ally , and there are things worse than death. I hate that man' — the word was spoken with Southern intensity — 'but I do not kill him. If Monsieur Zephaniah is beaten in the com petition, I will regard that as earnest on the part of Pate for more disasters, and will leave the matter to Providence ; but if he gain, I will seek vengeance on myself. Have you ever heard of curare ! No? It is a curious drug, originally used by South American In- . dians. "When taken in non-fatal doses, it paralyses the ends of the motor nerves, and practically, though not really, paralyses the muscles ; but — and here is the point — whilst destr. ying the motor, it does net destroy the sensory nerves. Thus a man whilst under the influence of curare, can see,' hear, and feel but cannot speak or move. I shall wait until bis statue is returned, then I shall put him under the influence of curare, and smash it before his eyes.' ' Mon Dieu ! Cadol, ' it is too" devilish. Were you an artist — did you regard the . human form except as a "subject for dissec tion, you could not think of such a thing.' ' It is a dangerous gauie,' continued the" other, thoughtfully, .not.'heedin'g 'the . inter - .... ruption. r The overdose is fatal. Also, it is usually given hypodermicatiy." But it is soluble, and X bavfi sfn rH#vl /vP poisons for years, especially of curare, which is so much used in vivisection; and I know to the thousandth part of one grain the exact dose, not sufficiently large to kill a man, nor . sufficiently small to be destroyed before ab sorption — just enough to make him helpless yet perfectly conscious. This I shall do. I shall naturally call upon Mr. Zeph, to con gratulate him on his victory. Your concierge knows my face, but not my identity — atleast I hope not ; it might be awkward. I shall i suggest his health, and shall bribe a couple of oi: . icrs, at a sign from me, to make a noise below the window. His attention is distrac ted. I place the drug in the wine. 'And totla the thing is done.' ' It was a horrible scheme : and Bastaird, who, though weak and jealous, was. not utterly depraved, made some feeble protests but in vain. Adolphe Cadol was a man of ; strong will and no scruples, and he laughed ... at his friend s protests which gradually grew weaker and weaker ; and thus before they left tie restaurant he had acquiesced in the scheme to promise Cadol that he would go to his aunt at Amiens on the Thursday, so that it trouble came no suspicion sould attach to him. As Cadol was himself going to Mar- ae dies on the Saturday evening, and as the statues were to arrive back home on the Eri day evenings, Saturdaymorning, before lunch time, would be the most suitable hour. that evening, when Bastiard went up to his rooms in the Rue Gusset, he did not stop as usual at Sawyer's door. Weak and vindic tive as he was, ho could not face the cheery welcome of the kindlv-natured American. Two years ago they had beeafellow-pupils m the atelier of M. Lockroy, the famous 450 j r "ey struck up a great friendship and when they started on their own account they left their respective pensions and. took rooms in the same house — Sawyer on the first floor, Bastaird immediately above him At first the latter was the better artist ; but v pouW not hide from himself that the American was easily outstripping him. Hence the hatred and jealousy, of which Zeph Sawyer was ignorant. In Paris it is the custom of the directorate of the Ecole Artistique to give an annual prize for the best statue in the plaster cast modelled by artists who have never exhibited in the Salon. The subject is a study from the. nude. The prize is only a gold medal ; but; success in the competition is usually regarded as a por- tal of future greatness. Both . Bastaird and Sawyer had entered ; they both chose the came subject, and worked fram the same model ; but as their work progressed, Bas- tairod aeutelv realized fhA ;trf.iaKr> annromuViw of his rival. -r— j Bastaird'sforeboding6 were eventually real- lsea . the. committee awarded the gold medal to Sawyer, and the second prize to himself. He had congratulated his old friend with averted eyes, and hastened to Amiens with a sickening sense of fear. About half-past 11 on the Saturday morn ing Zeph Sawyer sat in his studio modelling a head in clay. He was a tall, well- knit, briaht-eyed fellow, keen-witted andpurpose- lul, and an artist to his finger-tips. Hearing a knock outside, he wiped his fingers on his blouse and opened the .door. In bounced Adolphe Cadol. Mon. cher Mr. Zeph, ten thousand con gratulations ! Ah ! and that is the young lady he continued, pointing to a plaster oast s .andtnj' m the room . ' Madame, I respect fully salute you,' and he raised his hat with mock solemnity. The Yankee smiled grimly at the doctor's ant handing his guest a chair, he ottered him his cigarette case. But Cadol had. no time to spare. Hp wanted to get the business over and. somb hundred miles be ta ceo himself and the Rue Casset. So he re fused the cigarettes, but added that he had a +w +v, <vo"jdLdo credit . ta a roiluricr, and that this would be a most suitable occasion \ continued success, r n t; am!y> fia'd Zeph, walking to a : cupboard to produce a bottle of champagne nd. glasses. He proceeded to open the ottle , but scarcely ha, he filled the glasses, when his attention was arrested by Adolphe Cadol. 'Look, look, Sawyer, there on the other side ; tho two ouvriers ; they quarrel — the little one kicks the bigs one's shin's. Mon Dieu, quelle courage! Ah! hut the big smite. Sacre?' The ruse was successful. The American moved to the window to watch the row. Quick as thought, Cadol produced a vial and emptied it into one of the glasses. ' Allons ! Zeph. Never mind those bri gands, let us drink.' ' One moment, doctor. I guess tl is year family disturbance will end in the lock-up. Here comes the gendarme: late as usual. Why? Great Caisar's ghost ! he's pointing up to my window ; he can't think this is a free show for the benefit of my friend ? The gentleman with the patchwork pants explains — he also has his eyo up here.' Cadol trembled. Could it be that they had deceived him? He crept to the casement, and peered through a crack in the shutters. He was safe ; the men kissed each other effu sively, and the gendarme put up his pocket- book.' But it had giveu him a scate. He turned from the shutters, and found the American just sipping his wine. ' No seeping, friends Sawyer. No eel-trap as the English say. ' They clinked glasses, drank the contents with a gulp, and set them down empty. The doctor, in a paroxysm of suspense, watched his victim. Had hegiyen too much, too ltitle, ' ot just enough? ' . /' ' The problem -was soon solved. In a few; moments the -American's voice died away, his mouth dropped, his limbs grew limp, he fell, but there was still consciousness in the . eye. Dr. Cadol's researches nad hot been fruitless. He removed his dust-coat, and placed it on a peg behind him ; He turned up his sleeves, and began to executo bis little plan. First grasping the limp and helpless body in his arms, he placed itiu a deep aim- chair, taking care Sawyer's eyes were turned on tho statue. ' M. Zephaniah Sawyer, you look like one corpse, but you are not one: you feel, you hear, you see. I tweak your nose, comme (,-a, it hurts ; I pinch your ear, com ma (,-a, it pains ; but you can do nothing : that is unpleasant. You think me your friend, but no, I am your enemy, and now yon shall seo my revenge. You have spent days on this statue. I shall embellish it for you. Ito nose is beautiful. I take this mallet and it is still more beautiful. Crack ; it is now in tho style of Timbuctoo. The custom to omit pupils to the eyes ? With the knife I repair tho omission. The chin a little musculine ? I reduce the roundness. Ah, I shall not talk ; I shall work.' And with diabolical glee the little French man danced round the statue, lopping now an ear, smashing now a wrist, and reducing the result of hours of study into a perfect wreck. At last, hot and exhausted,' he flung a broken hand into the face of the helpless American, and went to the end of the room . for his coat. While his hack was turned he heard a click. Wheeling suddenly, round, he gave a shriek of terror, Zeph; Sawyer, tall and erect, was turning the. key in the door. ' Grace au ciel ! What shall this mean ?' cried the Frenchman. ' It means,' replied Zeph, speaking with calm deliberation, that you've had your in nings, and now I guess I'm going to have mine. It means, sir, that the partitions in Paris restaurants are occasionally thin, and that in some of these partitions are biggish ventilators i I happened to be dining with a friend the other night ; I heard my name ; I listened. There are occasions when false deli cacy is to he deprecated — this was one. So I dismissed my waiter, and standing up on a chair listened by the open ventilator to - your instructive, remarks. You bribed the navvies . ito distract my attention ; I bribed the - gen- - darme /to distract yours. When iiiy hack was turned you put in the hocus : when your hack was turned I chucked is out again into that Ol£ UUHuJ U1 Well vlcljr j ttUU 1 OlUlCU luj' gldQo. The artistic collapse was the result of some research and much practice. See ? and now, Dr. Cadol, 'as I generally work from a model, this year statoo stands handy. When I have finished with you, with due allowance for sex or costoome, there won't he much to choo.se between you.' Cadol realised the grim significance of the jest and, pallid with fear, slung himself before the American, and implored mercy. 'Git !' was the laconic response, accom panied by a premomitary waggle of the right boot. Dr. Cadol 'got.' He knew that he was doomed ; so, turning upon the American, who was divesting him self of his blouse he shrieked ' You may heat me, you may kick me, you may give me the box ; but I have brokenyour statue. Ho, ho, I have broken your statue ! ' 'Wha-at 1'said Zeph Sawyer ; ' do you suppose that I should have lain in that chair like a mummy of King Rameses II. whilst you was smashing a statue of mine? No, sir. This year lady that you've been pleased to im prove is the work of a friend, M. Bastaird; I. took the liberty of exchanging our statues this morning. This is the reward for his share in the business. And now, M. Adolphe Cadol' as I don't want to waste time, take that!' Zeph Sawyer's knowledge of boxing was limited; his style was not strictly academic; his arms had a tendency to describe curves which would have offended the critical eyes of the fancy ; hut the result was none the less effective : and after ail, as far as M. Cadol : was concerned, a blow delivered in a hetero dox manner was quite aspainful as that which does not violate the orthodox canons. In vain he struggled, kicked, bit, cried; affirmed he was beaten ; that he cried enough ; that he ' projected the sponge.' Zeph Sawyer was inexorable. He regarded the function in the light of an execution rather than of a fair fight. By the time he had opened," the door, and kicked M. Adolphe Cadol down the stairs, the latter gentleman's appreheneion lrft he should he recognised by the concierge was entirely superfluous. His largest creditor would have passed him by in the light of the noonday sun. Whatever else may said of her class in the- genus homo, the society lady bares herself . bravely. ' No man knows what a had "man he is until he has had a woman get angry with him and! call him names. Mistress — Have you that ribbon" for my k _ i u c y J t ..... k .. i. y c 'l> .. i. UcUl. iXLillU ill U ILL, UUIj— . ;.DIU;« what ?' ' Now I've mislaid the hair.' Some people who pride themselves upon their frankness seem to think that frankness consists in freely saying unlrind things. Mr. Barnum is the proprietor of a travel ling show. His show may he the largest in the world ; there are a great many shows, and somebody's must be the biggest. But in just one thing Mr. Barnum probably is, as he claims to be, unrivalled. That is, in the pertinacity with which he advertises his wares. 