THE WEEK'S BACW. Tho A.J.C. WiuloiyMueMiig. aiuitusii again ;yiii;i'oitious.. : Tlie Sturtor firoiinwl At. v '.'. ' ?'..[ PAUIS LEFT AT Tn E I[-0SX. ttosclilll, Sydney Driving P.aru; anil Llllk Urliigc Pony MUctings. : Bysomo i;oini:idoni:o brother tho races hold at;llandwicl( on Saturday, and called the ' Winter ' Meeting, turned out, from, the weather's pdint, of vie\v,.quito soason .ahlo.- :? This was^oxtrbiuely noticeable after the few sunshiny days wo had exporionccd up till tho time under notice. .Early on Saturday morning a strong, cold, and disagreeably high wind prevailed from tho north-east, which suggested tho desirability of overcoats ? and warm wraps. This was not tie only unpleasantness, as tho dust fiend was so prevalent through tho road to and from tho course not having beon watered, that it was almost blinding, and many who took vehicles .out dreaded the rotiirn journey by tho highway. Those, however, who had tho good fortune to avail themselves of the trams had not so much to gruinblo about, as they wero to a groat extent sheltered from tho pest. Still, for all this, tho wind blew so strong across the course that many who stood tho trying ordeal of facing it in tho stands during1 the contests quickly rushed behind the build ings during tho intervals; All things considered, however, the Club have a deal to bo thankful for with respect to the attendance, which was very fair, among3t those present being His Excellency tho Governor and suite, arid a good sprinkling of ladies. We havo frequently said before, and we say it; again, that hurdle races and steeplechases are 'greatly in favor witli the .'onlookers, i arid wo venture to repeat our convictions that to this cause a deal of the success was attributable. In the five evonts colored on tho card no less than G8 horses took part, an. average of a fraction over thirteen - and a half por race, so that it must bo admitted tho fields were largo enough for the occasion. Tlie numbers were made up :as follows : — Hurdle Eace 9, Juno Shakes 18, Twoyear old Handicap 8, -'Steeplechase 9, and Winter Stakes 24. ' If the jwoather was Unpleasant then the betting transactions on tho side of tho punters'jwas equally so, as only one ..first favorite'. succeeded' in catching tho judge's eye, the solitary instance being that, of the TVo-year-old Handicap, which foli' to Chorister. ' In last week's issuo we had occasion to mention that Mr.. Watson was not happy in his despatches on tho previous Saturday and we aro sorry indeed to have to say tho same this week, as ho loft Paris, tlio favorite for the June Stakes, at tho post, and The Bonce was similarly unfortunate in the Winter Stakes, both horse3 chances being entirely Bmiffed out without the .reihotest show of winning. Doubtless the starter felt the accidents as keenly as did those who' backed tlio horses, but ho should be, more careful in future; An attempt was made to roundly hoot him on his return to the paddock after tho Juno Stakes, but it was, luckily, only a f eoblo one. The Hurdle Kaco was the signal ? for tho fun to commence, for which Waiter, who must have improved wonderfully, if a line by the quotations may bo taken, was moat in demand at. 3 to 1, Banjo, who has in variably run well, camo next' at 7 to 2. while 0 to 10 to 1 others was offered and accepted. Tlie surprise of tho race however was in Charon's exploit. This horse seven days before, with 121b moro on his back, in a field of ten finished, unbacked, ? nearly a quarter of a mile away last, so that there is every reason for the majority of peoplo being surprised at his easy victory. The Fifer once more misbehaved himself by running round. Thero . is causo to be lieve, however, that this was an accident, as Cunneon,.his rider, was fined .£10 at the post for being too anxious to get away. This so' seldom happens in a, lvm-dlo race that it sounds all tho better in Tho Fifer's behalf. When the flag dropped Tho Fifer rushed to the front, followed by Charon, with- Albert close up. From the jump until, well 'in tho straight tho last time Alberti and ' Charon wero always pegging away at one another, but Albert's weight told its tale at the bitter end, and Charon holding his own won easily from Banjo by six lengths, a similar distance away coming Waiter and Albert almost locked together for third honors. Tho only fall that' occurred was to Tempest, who camo a harmless . ''cropper.' nt Cutts'. A slight delay was experienced before tho field wns set going for the June Stakes, and when the word was given it wns noticed that the fnvorite (Paris') eharico was irretrievably lost; as he wns loft at tho post. Paris started at 5 to. 1, May Queen and Ernest at'6 to 1 each, wii3i The. Gift and Gresfovd, the only others to ; find anything like strong favor, at 7. to 1 respectively. Tho despatch was a straggling one, out of which Bendigo; Gresford and Evolino limdo most capital. Bondigo and Gresford, at tended by May Queen, were always in the front until on their way for homo, when Ben Bolt's brother gave up. tho ghost apparently, leaving the issue with May Qiioon and Lamond's two-year-old. At tlio distanpe the Newcastle mare hold a slight, advantage,' biit before gotting 100 yards Gresford had.- her- ' in trouble arid looked 'all over a winner. . This, however, was not to bo, as Ernest;on tho.riiils came with a. wonderful rush,- and wearing the juvenile down, 'won fall put -by. a nock. Ofoya- finished third, just '.. in ? front' of. Zephyr, Souvenir, May Queen , arid Kgposo, the ' favorite ?bringing up .', the,, rear; Chorister; on previous public; form am known to bo a good colt, was tho clout for tho 'J.'wo-yeiir-old Handicap, notwithstand ing ho was opposed by Victor Hug', Cleopatra and several othors of undoubted 'breeding, and for tho first timo.during the duy buckoLDgot to victory, as the Northern colt ran gamely and truo and won' all out by a length from Plaudit, with Cleopatra third. Tho Steeplechase was lookod upon as a good thing for Bushman once moro, his pi'ico -bning 15 to 4, whilo Native, another Victorian, had hosts of admirers at 4 to 1, and thon came BoBsitor and ?Miusnion at 7's, nothing olso boirig backed. What ' NativoVinisiiion was it is1 difficult to say; unless ho was a paco-makor for liin countryman.. From -tho word 'go' ho rushud -away at a broak-neck pace, and oven money ho would fall was wagered heavily, as ho jumped clumsily. How over, hu did not fall, but Bushman lost his rider after going rathor better than onco round at tho same fonco that put him out of court the last time. The Drummer also treated Nolan to a kiss of mother enrth, andMarmion, Kocruit and Inspector wore similarly unfortunate,- Collins - on only left Eossitor, Grafton, Nativo and Harry Aulh standing up, in which order thoy finished^ Eossitor having the raco well in hand six furlongs from homo. A climax was effected with tho Winter Stakes. Mantilla being well backed at 4 id 1, May Qrieon at 5's, followed by . Tho Queen at (i to 1, Insigna at' 8 to- 1, and Animus and Muriol at 10 to 1. The start was anything but first class. Insigna, Bnngebah, and Oroya always hold prominont positions until well into tho straight, whero Muriel made a forward movo, and had the others paralysed at tho distance, winning com fortably from May4* Queon, with Insigna third, the others being strung out, Honey dew and Tho Bonco being last joints of the tail. History repeated (itself in this con test most forcibly, as it will bo remem bered that May Queen was made a hot pot for last year's Winter Stakes, and was defeated then, as now, by Muriol, their prices being May Queen 3 to 1, Muriol 14 tol. ? * * ? HOSEHIIL PONY MEETING. Wednesday was a glorious day for racing of any description, but the valuable pro granuno issued for the above meeting did not entice so many out to pretty little Eosohill as might have been expected, nor wero tho fields as largo as tho prize-money deserved. Tho track was in perfect order, tho management excellent, and the con tests, as will bo seen elsewhere, closo, and everything passed off as merrily as marriage bolls. The only fino3 inflicted were those on Mr. W. H. Deano and Mr. F. Hill, the owners of Cecil D. and Viking, for non ocrati-hing in tho Handicap Trot. Actress, the winrior of the; Pony Selling .'Eaee, was bought by, Mr. S.' T. Jacobs, for ii9, and Jaeko, tho victor in the Galloway Auction Plate, fell to tho nod of Mr. J. Gordon for .£11. The Time Handicap Trot was an nexed by Tendon, with Canary, the favorite, second; tho Pony Selling Eaco was pulled off by Actress, who waa followed homo by Bernico and Master Surbiton ; and the light-weighted Stray Shot popped up just in front of Lady and Idle Girl for the June Handicap. The. places in the. Galloway Auction Plate were supplied by Jncko, Louiso, and The Unknown,, and those in tlio Pony Handicap by Ganges, Miss Alice, and Express. The Galloway Handicap was somowhat of an eye-opener, as Idlo Girl defeated- Little Sister, an even money chance, for first place,, with Victor next, and The Diver and others nowhere. *?*.?*. DRIVING PARK RACES. The meeting at Moore Park of tho Driv ing Park Club last Wednesday was again a success, and the attendance proves these meetings are as popular as ever. The racing was good, and commenced with the Flying Handicap, for which Fair Sex was made favorite, Violot being next in de mand. Tho two ladies ran first and second, but Violet beat tho representative of tho fair sex. The winner is owned by Mr. Driscoll, and ho secured a further) victory in the Moore Park Handicap with* Tom Thumb,- and, strange to say, Fair Sej: was again second. Tho same owner alsoi won tho Auction Stakes with Kitaleon, fio; ho secured three out of the six evendsi Tempo won the Eto Ete Handicap atw'l Fairy Boy got home intho Club Handicap. Tho trot was a one-horso affair, as Viking, brod'by the late Andrew Town, got ? hdine in a walk, or, moro correctly speaking, %. trot. Old Blueskin was second, and Rtiby third. .The racing was in , favoj.v! of backers, who got home in four out of/ six racos. Tlio Park hold another meeting to day, when no doubt thoro'will be Ptlgqod attendance ? ', ? \- ,'???*? ? ?'?',-. ?*'. A'.' LILLIE BRIDGE PONY RACES. Notwithstanding the weather o-h; Satur day night was bitterly cold, the attendance at .Lillie Bridge was quite up' to the. averago, and the racing really goixl indeed, '? though, several complaints were made, against tho riders. Mr. Josliii' occupied the rostrum, Mr. Warn directoi i/the bill of faro, and Mr. Jolly lookod af tea- the scales. Precisely to time tho ponies ciu.no out for the Midget Handicap, and woi.;p' despatched to a good send off by Mr. Q'./ Welsl'i, the favorite, Fashion, at ovens; But good game pony though she is, sHei'had to strike her colors to Camden, who/ won by a biiro loiigth. Two to 1 wns laid, on Little Billy for the Globe Handicap, ,' but he ran up against a snag in Tanglo, who defeated her field cleverly by thn.'o lengths. Tho Lodge Handicap was runj'iri two divisions, the,' first falling to KiUamey and tho second to Infelico. Conii/hodoro' was first t'o catch 'tlio judge's oyo iii the latter heat, but was disqualified for lfioring. This loft Infolico nnd'Killamey to fight it out, but tlie running of Killuruoy was ndjugded fraudulent, and tho po/.iy and '^Williams was disqualified for three months. The Time Handicap Trot /fell to Barney, and the Toxteth Handicap/' to Avendalo. ? 