GHOSTS OF THE ORIENT. I have been in almost every country in the worlfb and everywhere I have found people who have soen and believed in ghosts. In Western countries, . ghost are generally harmless; but in Asia and Africa they are of a malignant and virions type. - The dread of ghosts is common to all the aboriginal . races of India aud China, and the only moans employed to oppose their rancour and mischiovous disposition is to build shriti .s for thuniand to make tli«m rvffflrinrrn. Anv wvcifi iIIucmm. nnv eniilfiinic disease, as small-pox, cholera, &c.;, is attributed to tho malignancy of certain of -these spirits, who must be propitiated accordingly. In India the man' tiger is, perhups, tho must dreaded of all theso demon ghosts; for when a tiger is considered safe from harm, as the spirit'of the man rides upon his head and guides him clear of danger. Acordingly, it is believed.that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people is to begin by mkkirig 'offerings to the spirits of his victims, thereby'- depriving him of their valuable services. LrChin'a the ghosts most propitiated are of those who have met a violent or untimely death, whethor by.desigri'or by 'accident. . Even women, who die in childbed, or wretches who are hanged for their crimes, aro 'Believed to have the same power of. causing evil to the living as those who have been killed by auy other violent causes, including poison, disease, lightning,' &c.; Alt these deified spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the mariner of his death, 'ihua the tiger ghost is the ghost of a man killed by a tiger ; tho snake ghost the ghost of a person who was killed by a snake.. In Africa the waddy and lightning ghoata are the most common, but/the most dreaded spirit .is the sirocco ghost, which. is reputed by tho natives an implacable: spirit. : Most of the deccasod. persons whose spirits are how worshipped were the ancestors of sonic of the aborigines. The ceremonies observed in propitiatilig the ghosts consist mainly of the offerings of fowls, pig, goats, us well as of flowers and fruits; of the recitation and singing of certain Dravors and charms before the different; shrines.— New York Mail and Express.' 