^0¥¥A BEE, V By Foster Osborne, -Author of "Yuroka," or "Saxon and Savage"; " My Devil," and ; Joshua Horrocks." a f^he murderer stood gazing at the spot where his victim had disappeared. There was no sign of regret or remorse upon his features, no sign of abhorrence, as he con .. tain plated his atrocious crime ; only the smile of the confirmed villain. Peter (for it was he) may be taken as a sample of a type .of crimiuals at one time very numerous in the colonies of Australia. Naturally prone ijo vice, they commenced their colonial life as ..'convicts, and having by an appearance of . good conduct obtained a " ticket of leave," ,t.hey were sot at liberty. Yes, these men v»io in a land of rigid justice, surrounded on <3 sides by minions of the law, could not .?restrain their evil propensities, were sent out to Australia, wheve Jaw is barely recog nisod beyond the confines of the chief towns. With all their vicious instincts, with all their natural impulse to crime uncurbed, they were Jet loose like a curse upon the land. .Here was a fine field for the pandering to their vile natures; the law weakly sup ported, and the opportunities for murder and felony everything that could be desired. Grime succeeded crime, until these wretches became so inured to vice that no cruelty " - wbs too enormous, no crime too heinous for their perpetration. Men come to Australia who have no friends, throughout .the length and breadth of the land there are none to watch their movements, or to notice if they disappear ; they lie down by the river bank to seek a night s rest; a knife flashes or an axe gleams in the moonlight; there is a splash in the water, and a soul leaves this world, 110 one but the murderer being the wiser. For the sake of the fow hard-earned pounds f-'i their pockets, how many men have been " hushed " in the lonely places of our land. Rory^ Rooney was not the first victim to Peter's brutality ; the murderer's, utter im munity from all feelings of awe or compunc tion was proof enough of that. "Now, that's what I calls doing it pro \- per," he said, as he rolled the damp handker into a ball and threw it far into the scrub. "No_marks, no violence; there's no gam mon about the chloroform; it does quiet . 'em, and no mistake. If they comes across f,)tho body, I guess they'll say something about despondency of spirits, and bring huh in suicide. So much for you, old skinflint; ...., Now for your money. I ain't the child ter < ' flatter yer my darlin', so I tells yer plain. I aint paid this here partikler attention to yer carcase, ony for the sake of yer money. . Ha, ha, ha ! Say, old chap, aint had such a bath as that for a considerable time, eh ? Q-uess yer face'll Flash, a jet of lightning, forked and jagged, shot from the cloud rifts and seemed to bury itself in the rocky precipice before the murderer. Peter started and trembled as the fierce glare broke upon the inky night. When he re-oppened his eyes the momentarily paralysed orbs refused their functions, and he fairly shook with fear. The sudden illumination only intensified the darkness which succeeded ; nothing was . .visible to the murderer's eyes, not even the I'jtp'olall was one heavy pall of blackness. " I'm blind, I'm blind," shouted Peter, . as he reached about for the bushes so that he might feel his way up the hill. ! Crash - bang, with awful Buddenness, there broke upon the stillness a thunder clap. It seemed as though the very moun tains were being burst asunder ; and the ground where Peter stood, shook as with the vibrations of an earthquake. With a cry of terror he turned to spring up the track ; his sight at the same moment roturned, but too late; he had lept in the wrong direction and found himself strug ' gling 111 a net work of titree scrub. He . scrambled to his feet and was in the act of stepping back upon the path. Something caught his eye; he leaned forward to see more distinctly; he started, and then be came as motionless as a statue. Not a ' muscle moved. With his eyes protruding from their sockets, his body bent forward, and his hands stretched out behind him; with his livid features, as motiouless as marble, and the great beads of perspiration standirjg in globules upon them, his attitude was suggestive of complete stupefaction. It r seemed as though some mysterious fascina iibh held him rooted in speechless terror to ... the ground on which he stood, and notwith : Standing the vehemency of his horror, he ' deemed to have lost all power of movement. There was a rustling of leaves and bushes ; » a figure glided away in the.1 darkness and the spell was broken. With a wild shout, combining in its intonation the wail of :t~ despair - and the shrillnoss of a maniac's ' scream, Peter sprang from the brushwood and darted up the inclined track. With frantic violence he made his way tumbling over logs and bruising himself upon the rocks, until thoroughly exhausted he sank _ upon the ground a few paces from Rory's hut i^.dpor. Unable to proceed, he 'fell upon his \- back, supporting himself upon his elbows, .Ho that his eyes could rest on the path which he had just ascended. Panting and shaking in a painful state of fear and exhaustion, he peered into the gully as though expecting that the object of his terror would pursue him. A flash of lightning which lit the whole 3urroundings, enabled him to see plainly the track before him. There was nothing on it but the bare stones and the rotting logs. This discovery seemed to ease the murderer's mind considerably, for he breathed more freely, and stretched himself at full length upon the ground. After lying thus for some time, allowing the wind which was growing stronger every minute to play upon his head and chest, Peter was somewhat refreshed, and assumed a sitting posture. He seemed much assured .; by the.frequent lightnings which broke upon ' J^/grew more otHP1* °f; a daisy of a report too. Ev e ry'en11"aC C had to bo proved iiidopeucJeutly owiu? ' being unreliable the staff utterly demoralised, anc self, surveyed bis tattered garments. He felt with bis band tbe braises on bis limbs and body, wincing tbe while witb pain, and feeling like one beaten from bead to foot with a flail. Finding that no boneB were broken, for an instant the old bravado re turned to him, but the .moment bis mind reverted to the cause of his suffering, he became once more anxious and uneasy. "What can it be?" he soliloquised, "is it a ghost or the Devil ? That's the second time I have seen it, and they says as the third time is allays unlucky. Blazes 1 I teel as if I wuz to see ft sgain, it ud do for me. Guess I'll clar out o' this onyway." He took a few steps in tbe direction of the Hanging Eock ; then turned and looked back. There stood the old hut with its door wide open, looking as roughly serene though nothing unusual had happened. There was a slush lamp burning on the table inside, its light flickering and falling with every breath of air which came in by tbe door and went out by tbe chimney, just as it was wont to flicker to old Rory, cast ing dancing shadows on his face. The i ligbt seemed beckoning to Peter to enter. Darkness, in his present state of mind, had on Peter tbe effect of a foggy incubus, a sort of substantial nightmare, while the peaceful interior of tbe hut seemed a haven of refuge, where he might escape the demon that tormented him. By this time the Btorm-kings had fairly loosed their legions. Peal after peal of thunder rolled across tbe sky, echoing through the gullies, and crash- , ing abruptly where stubborn peaks opposed and broke tbe vibration. The wind, sweep ing with a wild troubled moan across the ^ distant plains, spread through tbe ravines with an angry growl, and fairly howled about the jagged pinnacles. Now and then the lightning gleamed in tbe broad sheets against tbe lowering canopy of clouds, that seemed ready to pour their burden like a deluge upon tbe earth ; and already great drops of rain, precursors of a copious down pour, spat upon the ground and rocks. As the storm gathered, Peter's morbid fancies grew upon him, with a force that threatened to unseat his reason. "God havej mercy on me this once," he said. " I'll be a different man if I ever gets out o' this ere scrape alive." He turned about and ran quickly to the hut. He sat down on the rough stool be side the table, and feeling much encouraged by tbe light and the homely surroundings of the interior of tbe cabin, his mind grew more at ease, and his evil instincts gradually assumed their wonted sway. He looked all round the hut. Here was a pipe and to bacco lying on the table; there old Bory's bunk with tbe blankets awry; and in the corner at the far end of the building lay old Cfflsar. As Peter's glance fell upon the latter, the dog gave vent to a low snarling growl; but, unfriendly as this greeting was, it had a welcome sound to the murderer's ears. In his superstitious frame of mind, anything which smacked of reality was acceptable. Presently Peter's eyes wandered to the chimneys to where a square stone. hung loose, and bore evidence of having been moved from its place. "That's where it is," the villain mut tered. " I seen him counting it when I looked through the crack yonder, to-morrow night's a week gone. Wal, wal; what an old fool I came close up bein'. I run the risk of slippin' the captain, do for old Bory, gets skeered out o' my seven senses, and after all wuz clearin' out without the gold." He stood up and stepped cautiously to wards the fireplace. He trembled slightly as he did so, and it was evident, in spite of the trumped-up bravery with which he essayed to fortify himself, that his eery forebodings were not entirely dispelled. As if shrinking from too close contact with the ill-gotten treasure, he reached forward the full length of his arm, and moved the stone. " Ah, thar they be," he gasped, in eager agitation, growing more excited every mo ment. Turning his head with quick con vulsive movements be gazed all round, as though fearing to touch the prize within his grasp. Anxious trepidation was betrayed by every motion, and bis laborious respiration could be heard some distanee away. " Blastination ! what a fool I am; I must have the gold," but still he hesitated, and the great beads of perspiration rolled down his face as he strove to recall his courage. " What the deuce is up with me! I'll have the gold; I'll have the gold; and all the devils in hell won't stop me." He stretched forth his hand once more until his finger tips fairly touched the bright sove reigns. " Ha, ha, me beauties » Blood, murther ; ye done, it! .ye done it 1 Musha, ochone 1" . ;" Back from the fire ; back from the gold; back to the door, with eyes-rivetted on the spot ft om whence the sound proceeded, the I murderer stsppsci. A.nifliZ0d find confoundsd I he paused in the doorway, glaring with the wild stare of a maniac. Hideous contortions geized upon his features, and his whole body shook with convulsive throbs. Tbe whole force of bis mental and bodily terror found vent in one spasmodic cry-" Oh, my God !'' " Ye did it, ye spalpeen, ochone, ochone, came the voice of the invisible Bory. " My Orod ! I am haunted ; let me alone \ for the love of God don't hurt a poor man, cried Peter, and then with gigantic bounds be dashed out into the darkness and tbe blinding rain Begardless of thorns, stakes or rocks, he rushed down the mountain path towards Hanging Rock, and never ouoa looked behind him. He was now fully per suaded that the figure he had seen amongst tbe ti-tree was an evil spirit, and he doubted not that the demon had assumed the voice of Rory Booney, to complete his terror. He had seen that apparition, ghost or devil-be did not know which to call it--twice, and i the conviction was firmly established m his mind, that the third |time he belield those hacsard eyes and the long white hair, the shock would kill him. He had not arrived at this conclusion by any process of reason in" ; it seemed rather to take possession ot his mind in the form of a presentiment, and as he fled in terror down the mountain 'LracOfv-iheJlQWlinR rocks. tbe whistling tree rtoys, aiad tUo plasli of llis oWillGGfc Upon til6. . "luyirL-v. eround,, aoemed to cry-"The third As the last sound of Peter's departing footsteps died on the night air, Mick the magpie, sprang upon the table, and after a preliminary flutter began to sing-" For he's a jolly good-" Coesar, standing in the doorway, his atti tude one of hopeless dejection, raised his nose in the' air, and sent forth a dismal howl. The magpie, catching the melan choly cadence of the weird lament, ceased his song, and sought his perch; in gloomy I silence. . :.: I 