ARBOR DAT ATECHUNGA. DISTRICT MEMBERS ENTERTAINED. The Tree-planting:. Following the example of the other town ships in the South, the residents of E change . decided to hold an Arbor Day, and-the celebrat ion in connection therewith took place most successfully on Friday, 6th iust. To give distinction to the proceedings, and also to show the members for the district the high esteem in whioh they are held by their constituents, Dr. 3. A. Cockburn and Mr. A. H. Landseer were invited to be present and assist in the ceremony of planting the trees. The invitation was cordially accepted, and on Friday morning Messrs. Cockburn and Land seer, accompanied by Mr. V. L. Solomon, one of the members for tbe Northern Territory, left Adelaide by train for Aldgate, and from there were driven in a wagonette to Echunga, arriving shortly after noon. Tbe day was beautifully fine, and the trip was a very enjoyable one. On arriving at tbe Echunga Institute the visitors were received by Mr. F. W. Paecli (chairman of the local district council and of the Arbor Day committee) and a number of leading residents from most of the townships in tbe district. Cheers were given, the children of the Echunga public school, who were drawn up in line close by, under the superintendence of their teaeher, Miss Aston, joining in heartily. Everything being in readiness for the planting of the trees, the work was begun without delay. About 25 holes had been dug and guards erected in a semicircle round the institute, and Dr. Cockburn planted the first tree at the corner of the block of land—directly opposite to the site on which it is proposed to erect the new post-office. Mr. Landseer followed by planting the next tree in the same line and nearer to the institute, and Mr. Solomon completed the "row facing the main road by patting in the third tree. Mr. F. W. Paeeh also planted one, and then the children finished the work, operations being completed in a very short space of time. On reassembling the children sang a pretty little song which had been composed for the occasion, beginning with the words " Eehunga is our fairyland, its members are our pride," and in returning thanks for the compliment Dr. Cockburn and Mr. liandseer made some remarks appropriate to the occasion,exhorting the children to take an interest in and guard the trees they had just planted, and impress ing upon them the lessons they might learn from Nature. Mjr- J- H> Hay craft also spoke a few words, and after the children had given cheers for the speakers and. sung the National Anthem they marched back to the school, where luncheon had been provided for them. The After-Dinner Speeches. An adjournment was then made to the institute, in the large hall of which an ex cellent dinner had been prepared by Mr. J. Fernee, of the Hagen Arms Hotel. Mr. F. W. Paech presided, being supported on his right by Dr. Cockburn and on his left by Mr. Landseer, while Dr. L. W. Bickle occupied the vice-chair. About fifty gentlemen sat down, and apologies were read from the Hon. J. H. Gordon. M.L.C., and Messrs. L. von Doussa, C. Masters, J. Warland, T. Clode, and E. L. Winkler. The solids having been disposed of, The Chaibslot, after giving the usual loyal toasts, proposed the health of " THE MEMBERS FOB THE DISTRICT," coupling with the toast the name of Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P. He said that the paBt actions of the members spoke for themselves, and lie was certain that every one of the electors felt prond of . their representatives. * (Hear, hear.) Dr. Cockburn waB one of the ablest and most prominent politicians in Aus tralia, and he had come forward with a policy which no other Ministry had ever had the pluck to introduce—(cheers)—and he had been mo9t ably supported by Mr. Land seer. (Hear, hear.) He was certain that if Messrs. Cockburn and Landseer were to come before their constituents to-morrow they would be returned again even more triumph antly than they were at the general election. Some of thoBe who had voted again Btthe late Ministry on the no-confidence motion/had now completely changed their opinion of them and would be only too glad to'place them in power again. (Cheers.) Mr. W. Hough acknowledged that he had voted against the members at the recent election, but since then' he had watched their political career and had found abundant reason to alter his attitude towards them, and now he would do anything to. support them. (Hear, hear.) They had been everything the constituents could wish, and the district could not possibly be better served. Dr. Cockburn had experienced most shameful treatment in the House when leader of the late Ministry, and he had done what no previous leader of the Government had had the courage to attempt. (Hear, hear.) Mr. F. H. SoNHEHAira thought there was hardly a man in the district but would sup port the toast. The Hahndorf people were most grateful to the members for getting their long-expressed wish for uniting with Echunga gratified. (Hear, hear.) The toast was received with musical honors. Dr. Cockbubn, who was greeted with prolonged cheers, said it was always a pleasure for a member to visit his constituency, but the pleasure was much greater when one represented such a beautiful district aB Mount Barker. With reference to Mr. Sonnemann's remarks, nothing had given him and his colleague more pleasure than to get Hahndorf and Echunga united. (Hear, hear.) He did not think it' was possible for any two members to work* together with greater harmony than he and Mr. Landeeer had done since they had represented the district. (Hear, hear.) Ho man in Parliament had more reason to be proud of his colleague than he had of Mr. Landseer, who had. against his personal interest, supported the late Govern ment most nobly. (Hear, hear.) At the present time there was a great struggle going on between the Liberal and Conservative parties. No stone had been left nnturned by those who espoused the Conservative cause to defeat them, and they all knew what Mr. Landseer had to put up "with. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to see such an influential gathering, the whole of the wide dis trict of Mount Barker being represented, because it showed that the members had the strong support of their constituents. He felt that he had now a strong friend in Mr. Hough, who had at one time opposed him. In a democracy like South Australia the representatives of the people should not have anything but pleasure iu coming before those whom tbev represented in Parliament, and for his own part he should not care to hold a seat iu the House if he bad not the confidence of his constituents. He would like to see some change in oar constitution, by which the periodical elections for the House of Assembly might take place more frequently than at present. (Hear, hear). Not annually, for that would be too often, but'he would like to see a portion of the House go before the country, so that there might be a chance of ascertaining the feeling of the people. (Pear. hear). Although the Government that had brought forward the Mount Barker policy had ceased to exist the policy was still there* The policy of the preseut G-overnmeut was practically the same as that brought before the electors of ~ Mount Barker at Strathalbyn a few months ago, and so much was this the case that the proposals for laud settlement then pnt forward had been adopted by those who had previously opposed them. (Hear, hear). The late Government had considered that the laud should be as open for agricultural selection as it now was for mineral purposes. The present Premier, who had for 20 yean bitterly opposed the principle of selection before survey, saying it would open the door to dummyism, now said he would support it, and thiB although his Commissioner of Grown Lands had spoken in the very J. strongest terms againBt it. It was beginning ,;-^? to be recognised that they eonld not have'Jf • the Commissioner of Grown Lands : in the 0 Upper House, and a change would ahortly?>| have to be made. (Hear, hear). The pre sent Government, although a majority of the (Constituents declared "in favor of the ' pro ""greSsive land tax, "and "though :U majority of \- the members of the Honse had been returned \- to support tbe principle of the -tax, bad refused to touch it. This was a state of things that could not continue very long where the Government" existed by the will "of the people. {Hear, bear.) The people had -the main power, and the Parliament would be bound to give effect to their wishes. The present Government intended to tty and reach the absentees by means of a tax upon their incomes, but what was needed was a tax on the absentee landowner, which the progressive land tax would be. (Hear, hear). . Capital might -be frightened away by the income tax, hut the land could not be removed. With regard to the meetings held throughout the country with reference to the defeat of the late Government, some people had said that the reports had been manufactured. ("Nonsense.") Yes, it was absolutely nonsense, but a number of the members honestly believed that the expres sions of opinion were not genuine. A return had been called for by-Mr. Cohen, who wished to ascertain how much land in the city of Adelaide was held by absentees, and it showed that 36 absentees held between them in the city alone land of -the unim proved value of two millions sterling. ("Shame.") After that he did not think they would say that the progressive land tax was not the best means of reaching absentees. (Hear, hear). He thanked them for the way in which they had honored the toast, and he looked forward to being able to represent Mount Parker for the whole of his public life. (Cheers). Mr. Landbeeb, who was received with cheers, said it afforded him a great amount of pleasure to be present. He felt proud that his colleague had considered it necessaiy to refer to him (Mr. Landseer) in such a kind manner. (Hear, hear.) It had taken him a much longer time than it had Dr. Cockbnrn to gain the electors' esteem, but he yielded to no man in regard to the honesty of his intentions. He recognised in Dr. Cockburn one of the advanced leaders of the present age—a man who thought not of position and men, but who looked forward to the wellbeing of the country. (Cheers.) The policy of Dr. Cockburn had his warmest support, and they would never find him lagging behind in helping to push forward the measures introduced by his colleague. The present Government's policy was so similar in many of its details to that brought forward by the previous Ministry that it was difficult to distinguish between them. They would only have to wait a short time to see Dr. Cockfaurn's advanced and liberal policy adopted, and all that was necessary was for the people to declare their wishes in an unmistakable manner. He would not flinch one inch in supporting Dr. Cockburn's measures, and although difficulties wonld be thrown in his way he would have the privilege of feeling that his constituents would uphold him. (Cheers). Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P., said that although a native of South Australia tbiB was his first visit to the district of Mount Darker, and he had been much impressed with its beauties. He had not been in the House long before he recognised the upright ness of the policy of the Cockburn Govern ment and the cowardlv and underhanded tactics of the Opposition. He felt called upon to support the late Government iu the face of the obstruction and iusuits practised by tbeir opponents. Being opposed to the progressive land tax without classification he had voted for Sir J". O. Bray's amendment, and he could hardly tell them how disgusted he was with the Opposition, who, after using classification in the tax, the Barrier trade policy, and other questions to turn the Cockburn Government out, had now come down to the House with no form of land tax and with no Barrier trade policy. (Cheers.) He felt that his instinct in supporting the late Government in the no-confidence debate did not mislead him. He assured them he would always be glad to assist the Mount Barker representatives in any way he possibly could. (Hear, hear.) " THE LATE 'MTNTSTBT. Mr. Hough, in proposing the toast of " The Late Ministry," said the Cockbnrn Government had never been given a chance of carrying out their policy, and the present Ministry had no business to be occupying the Treasury seats. He hoped that the agitation in favor of the late Government would not be allowed to die out. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Cockbubn, in reply, said that although beaten the late Government were not dis honored, for their defeat was nothing but creditable to themselves. (Hear, hear.) Although forced to put up with insults from the Opposition they had attempted to do what they thought was for the best inter ests of the country, and the knowledge that they had a good cause sustained tbem. (Hear, hear.) They would not descend to any tricks whatever, believing that in the long run they would secure the support of the House and the country. It was disgraceful that when in a Ministry men should bring forward measures which they hod opposed when in Opposition, and he would like to see a form of government in which no man would have to sacrifice any of his views, and to do this he would have Ministries elected by the Parliament, arid thus have the five best men elected on their own merits. The system was in vogue in Switzerland, and he looked forward to its adoption here at no distant date. On behalf of the ghosts of the departed he thanked them. (Laughter and cheers.) THE OTHEE TOASTS. Dr. L. W. Bickle proposed "The"Parlia ment," to which Messrs. Landseeb, M.P., and Solomon, M.P., responded. Mr. J. C. Bundle gave " The Town and Trade of Echunga," and Messrs. G. Day and J. M. Bobbow replied. "Our Yisitors"waB pro posed by Mr. J. Mabchant and acknowledged by Mr' J. W. Elliott. Mr. Minkwitz toasted " The Ladies," Mr. HaycBAFT •' Absent Friends," and Mr. Bobbow " The Host and Hostess." Mr. A. von Doussa gave " The Press," the representatives of the Register, Advertiser, Courier, and Southern Argus replying, and the toast of " The Chair man " concluded the list. Songs were given during the afternoon by Messrs. Marchant and Fernee, and a very pleasant time was spent. The Czar of Russia visits the Sultan of Turkey next month. 