PART III. CHAPTER V.-CONTINUKD. ' : fHEEE was one thing Philip resolved, and that was not to paint Venice; The queen of cities, she-was to be suggested, not painted ; she was an Undine not to be limned as an anatomical study, hut to be indicated, to be dreamed ; the very thought of Canaletto's pictures of her serene beauty made him shudder ; but» he felt that Turner had understood the city in the lagoons with her sinking sun, her shimmery waters, her white and golden towers, her lazy sailing, boats, lumbering in from the sea. Philip was hardly responsible for what he felt or thought. If he had eaten the insane root that takes the reason prisoner,.he could not have felt more unlike him- self, noi\ could he have been happier'in his dreamy helplessness. In the shadow of a great steamer from the Eastern sea flying the flags of England and the P. and O., they pulled up at the stairs of the hotel ; and on their left, like a great white ghost, was the robed statue of Victor Emanuel, waiting the coming of the King and Queen to have its fair proportions disclosed to the people. * 'Supper!' said Philip, when Walter invited him to that necessary repast. ' I feel as if it were a sacrilege to be hungry.' ' ' Not at all,' said Walter. ' It would be if I had not taken care .to order a repast; but just as nothing makes one so hungry as a good play or the opera, nothing is more exhausting than the first impressions of Venice. I' remember when first I came to Venice, that trip down the canal made me as hungry as my first experience of DonrGripvanni.' . ..., . r . . . . . . , ; ..... ? Jenny and Dolly 'ap^e.wed^a^-. supper'', withj bright' eyes ' and in bright,' costumed Dolly was not so radiantes, jen ny ?' Thé' tl-uth is Dolly'was not quite happy; -, A lone 'during thosè lasttolTchèsi of the toilette,-, which Dolly'and Jenny Often- per-» formed togeiher,-Doliy had said to her sister,..'L really do not quite know whether Philip does hot see a little too .much in nature a.nd art outside'nie, I mean; of course, to be quite happy7'with'"me ; T don't want to have nature and art always in com- petition with fashion and 'me.'. ¡ . . 'My dear,' said Jenny, kissing her, 'you.are in yourself tho highest embodiment bf. nature and art.' _ .'. " ? ? ' 7 . : . '? . \: = . "-. .'. .' ' Not at all ; if we were both put tip :to',auctioh, I shouldn't, haye ,a .chance in competition with one of those .old palaces, or with a ¡moanlight; night óri. the Grand Canal.' . .'..' ' You are a queer ^hi1,' Jenny replied, ' he will get tired of "Venice in a; week. Venice is always the same - a beautiful woman is always different.' ' Now, j girls,' said . Walter, putting ¿his head inside the door, ' supper, and shall. I keep,. Béppo for a floating siesta afterwards.?' . . , ' Yes,' was Jenny's reply, ' what is the time?' ' Ten;'said Walter. '* . :7 So Beppo and Iiis comrade ate their polenta and drank ,a -measure of. wine, and smoked theil cigarettes by the quay, while the merry English party had their supper near the.Hotel balcony. where you could see Carlo, the head waiter flitting to arid fro in his dress coat, enjoying the chatter of the guests. Beppo and his' comrade agreed that the ladies were very pretty girls Jenny would have been much complimented ii she had heard'Beppo speaking of her.as a girl. - 'They are so free and pleasant/'Beppo said, as he lay back in the boat looking up at the hotel windows. ' Most English ladies are, they are like our Queen; she is for a Queen wonderfully 'free and pleasant-spoken. Just the Queen for u free people, eh, Bettina ? ' 7 7 ,'.',.? J , . ; . V/ffflffiY . Beppo called his comrade hy. his /y/?/? ; - : hickhainë;: Bettina, which had been /,' .y ; given to hinij because he Ayas. supf ¿> . / posed to bç womanish in .his man l j_ "'; ners^^ able to v .?. -\\-''-gr:oV .a^bëaa^bí^Ç;whó. in'his'build and in his strong -arni's/ :quite^unl-ifee a woman ; and he,was still moro unlike in the fact that he rarely talked, only as a rule said ' Yes ' and 'Ko' when he wa& not simply content to smile or frown his yeses or noes. ' Yes,' said Bettina. ' She will be beie .to-morrow, Bettina, and the king will unveil that noble statue of his royal father, Victor Emanuel, under whose banners we fought in the war, Bettina.' . ' Yes,'said Bettina. * ' And conquered, eh/-Bettina ?' . ' Yes/, said Bettina. ' And at the base of it there is Italy in chains and Italy free ; and we helped to break her chains, eh, Bettina?' - ' Yes/said Bettina. - " 'And these English people 'are our best Mends, Bettina, and when next we have to fight they will fight with us on shore and at sea." f Yes/said Bettina. While Beppo was romancing about what Italy would be like after the next great war, the English party caine out with pretty cloaks and gauzy wraps upon their arms, the men with cigars in their mouths. Beppo, hat in hand, was ashore in one moment,«to be handing his passen- gers into the gondola the next, and helping Walter to arrange the cushions so that Dolly and Jenny should be at their most perfect ease, with Walter and Philip at their feet, the moon dancing away down in the sea beneath them, and sailing majestically above them with two attendanl stars. ' "'' 