T^y':1 '* *.*'" RESCSuED. Br Mrin. HENRY E. DUDENET, ::Author of "My Terrible Plight," "Shadowed S for Vengeance," etc. CHAPTER I.-THE VOYAGE Fpox r HE SCAr. -She was a pretty, young girl-so pretty, so Soung that t seemed strange she should be travelling alone. We were returning from Cape Co!ony to Old England, and our three weeks' voyage was nearly half over before I succeeded in making the acquaintance of my pretty fellow-pas eenger. Its of her I wish to speak: it is her tale I want to tell; but I may be allowed to introduce * f as Johni usually known asJack Barroner, ed33, of no profession, and possessed of a moderate income. I have said she was pretty; perhaps beautiful is hardly toostrong a word. Such a dainty head, crowned with masses of wavy, light-brown hair, such wondrous grey eyes, such perfect curves of cheek and chin and figure. Canyou wonder that I longed to make her acquaintance and felt piqued at her obvious in diference on the subject ? My heart, my battered bachelor heart, began to be affected. I was sliding into love-with a girl whose very name I did not know. One glorious afternoon we were both on deck. She was lying back in a capacious chair, devour ing a " yellow back," and I was leaning over I the side cudgelling my brain for an excuse to break the ice. If only something would happen to create a diversion I might manage it. But I could not I walk up to her and volunteeran inane remark without the ghost of an excuse. . The diversion came. A vessel, ora shark, or something equally obliging had been sighted, and there was a general stampede. My (air unknown followed the mob and left her book face downward on the chair.. Then I didamean action. I hid the novel behinda coil of rope which lay conveniently near. She came backsoon, and puckered her arched arows when she discovered her loss. Icameforwardwith as nonchalmtf an air.as I m ould assume. "Pardonme. Have youlostanything? If so, perhapel can be of use in helping to tind it.' " You are very kind," she said, in -a sweet -voice; "l have lost my book. I know I left it on the chair and now- I manaed to affect a surprise I certainly did not feel wen the missing novel was finally un earthed from what she said was " such an un likely-place," and then we glided into a dis cosion'about novels in general-the merits of different authors, and so on. ,That was the beginning of our acquaintance, aid it ripened fast. I believe I was the only one;on board who dreaJed the end of the 'voyage. I could hot bear to think that the long coming days, spent by Miss Thanet's side, would soon be over. SThat was her name-Audrey Thanet. 4'1"It 1s far too romantic," said itsowner. "It doesnot soundreal, you know. I cannot think what made poor papa choose such a name :' Her eyes filled with tears as she mentioned iflnoa r. ig '-- rith her mother in a Sloia. giravT, sanid Audrey .T.. Hf_ ni.!t .0 -•..oland to finda home with her brother. S.She told me about him often-she had told me every detail of her simple history, such firme frietlh~dd webecome-and what I heard of hihl'did not prepossess me. "Hie hadbeld an important position in a lead ingCapet6irn mercantile house, and had been \- immissed ignominiously. I rather suspected, from a hint Audrey dropped, that his offence had really placed him within the reach of the law. He hid been shipped to England and a berth found for him in a City house. Here, too, he' had beaten a hasty and enforced retreat. .'But now," wound up the sister, " he is doing Sery. well. He wrote a little while before father died to say he was making a really good income. But he did not say how." "He did not say how." To my worldly mind this looked suspicious. Remesnberingthe discreditable past of this unknown brother, and reflecting on his mysterious present, I did not lish the idea of handing Audrey over to his But as he lived in London I should le able to continue'my friendship with the girl I had learned to love, and could protect her in case of need. . "Only," said Audrey, in ahalf-amused, half annoyed tone, " I cannot even give you my ad dress. Idonotknow it. There wilbe a letter awaiting me at Southampton from Frank, and he will tell me of course." At last the voyage was over. We landed at Southampton. There was d letter for Audrey addeose for me. Mine was a sad one-my another was dangerously ill. I should have that night to travel to Dislrv, the little Cornish 'illage where she lived. S rank Thanet wrote to tell his sister he would meetthe 6.12 train from Southampton. But he gave not the slightest hint of his place of abode. 'lt'b very strange," said Audrey, thought fully, "and is slightly inconveennt. But Frank," with a tiny sigh, " always had a trange way of doing things." "I' only wish," I said, imnulsively, "that I could travel with you. Brit you see it is im \- -Psble." . S Of course it is," she said promptly, " and quite unnecessary. Perhaps we shall meet again some day, Mr. Barroner. I'm sure I hopeso. Butin anyc-ee, I hall ever forget how pleasant you made the last half of my lonely voyage." I put her into the train, and at the imminent risk ot lsing my own, stayed by her side until the.last. I gave her my card, with my London address on it. - ".Do write," I pleaded, "that I may call. . "Certainly I will," she added, warmly. '"I -should like you to know Frank. Dear fellow ! He is so hadsome, andhas been so unfortunate. Good-lbye. Mr. Barroner.'' Then the train steamed out of the station, and Ilooked my last at the pale, pure face which had enchanted me. She waved her hand and gave a bright smile of farewell as the long line of carriages went one by one into the blackness of the night. Hers in turn was swallowed up, and I -stood alone on the platform, gazing "blankly up he line. A horrible foreboding came over me that we should not meet again, a fearful feeling of anxiety came over me at the thought of thatbeautiful girl travelling alone to the great city to meet her sole gaurdian-a oung, and not veryreputable, brother. What nd of home would he make for her? What would be her surroundings ? Should we ever meetagain, or would vast London hide her from me for ever? With these gloomy questions I was tortured as I went on my journey. CHAPTER II.--TnEs EVET-S. . Six months passed slowly away, and I heard nothinig of Audrey. I loved her, if anything even more than I had done during those sweet sunny days of our voyage from the Cape. Yet I doubted if we should ever meet again. I had nothing tangible to guide me in my search! Audrey had said her nbrother was handsome; that probably meant he was like his sister! So I took to haunting the busy city just at the hour when it was disgorg ingits clerks by the hundred. But not one of the dapper, tall-hatted youths bore the remotest resemblance to Audrey. So gradually I slipped back to my indolent club life. Yet Audrey, though lost, was never forgotten. At the end of the esi months three things hppened. I will take them in the order m .which they came, "Event number one took place in a railway Scriage in which I was travelling to PJrtsmouth, and of which I was the sole oc cupant. 2 was. smoking and reading, and wishing my self at my journey's end, when a suspicious -movement of the valance of the cushioned seat opposite me attracted my attention. do if agitated by wind, but as if a hand were . novang behind t. This fluttering was followed bythe appearance of a head-a close- cropped * head-beloneing to a young man; so far as I \- nuldseo,-..andsome young man. * "Hop I didn't startle you," he haid politely, with. a ang-froid which under the circum s- tances was surprising. He dragged himself Srom under the seat, alighted on ans feet, and sraetched his arms luxuriously above his head. ."Confoundedly cramped position; I couldn't standit any longer. Daresay you wonder how I got there." "No; the mere act of getting there would be easy. I should like to know your reason for auch an unusual act." He hesitated for a moment, and his eyes -wandereQd to the rack above my head-the rack onwhich was my " Gladstone," marked with .anysrname in full. The sight of this common plhee article of luggage seemed to inspire him. "ll explain with pleasure," he said, ystling impudently, and rolling a cigarette as .he spoke. "As a matter of fact, I am flying Tom justice." " ndeed," returned I ironically, "then as 1 am- a stickler for the maintenance of the law, S3t will .e my unpleasant tduty to hand you .over to its tender mercies at the next station;" \- s- .My dear fel'ow. you will do nothing of tHsekind. You couldn't." " Yos will find I can," I retorted .hotly. A'losw m to remind you that in a scufflp I sisould certainly hiave the best of it." O" No doubt your muscles are magnificen S 'ctyou wiillnotexercise them on me. Hang it," he went on with a low laugh, " Ifeel. .-aRfe with you that I have a mind to tell you the whole story. At least I will enlighten you e to my identity. Iam Frank Thanet. Yo ·may remember my pretty sister. She has told "me about you." \- ehad succeeded at last in startling me out of my apathy. Good heaveas ! Tllde impu dent stowaway, this confessed criminal, was -Trank Thanlet, the sole guardian of the girl I loved. What had been her fate in such hands P S" surpriso you. But you will not give ne up now, I fancy. Think of the disgrace to -?Anarev." "If I failto do my duty, it willbe solely for sake." I rejoined sternly, " and only on oondition that you tell me where she is.'" He scribbled an addreason a sheet torn from -lsiscc"e -book,and handed it to me. 2.5 Gosworthy Gardens, St. John's Wood. "There you are," he said lightly. "And now, ta-ta. We shall meet again under more auspicious circumstances, I hope. Accept my thanks for your valuable assistance, and when you see her, give my love to Audrey." We wereat B--. He jumped from the train, walked jauntily across the platform and I saw him no more. I took the next train back to London and drove to Gosworthy Gardens. There were onlv sixteen houses in the whole row, and not a ingle tenant from 1 to 16 knew anything of a Iies Thinet. So I was foiled. Had I met my impudent fellow-passeuger again, his chance of mercy at my hand would have been slight indeed. Another mouth wentby, then event number two occurred. This was nothing less than a meeting with Audrey. She was walking down Piccadilly, accom panied by a fair and rather dissipated- looking man. It wrung my heart to see how she had altered. Her pretty oval face was thin and colourless; her eyes, those deep grey eyes, whose shy glance I remembered so well, had lost their sparkle. I stepped hastily forward, but before I reached her she saw me, and, first glancing in a frightened way at her companion, signed to me not to notice her. Her distress was obvious, her desire so evident that, by a great effort, I drew back. It was hard, after waiting so long, not to be able to speak to her, but I did the next best thing-I followed at a safe distance. Yet here again my persistent ill-luck attended mue. A crowded corner, a dangerous crossing, and I had lost sight of Audrey. I was no nearer a solution of her fate thtmu on the night when I stood on the platform at Southampton and watched the train carry her away. Event three was a letter. A wretched scrawl, written in red pencil on the margin torn from a newspaper. Yet the untidy little note was dearer to me than the daintiest of scented billet doux would have been--for it was Audrey's. " I am in great distress," she wrote, " and you are the only person I know who may help me Meet me this evening at seven o'clock outside. Homerton Station." Seven, nay hall-past six, saw me anxiously pacing backwards andl forwards outside the station of the dingy East-end suburb. How madly my heart throbbed when I saw my love approaching! How tenderly I'eld her little hand and looked into her beautiful face-the face which had grown so sadly drawn and care worn! CHAPTER III.-UI-?V.VEL.L'so Ts SoEIr. " And' this is where you live?" I asked in a digusted tone as I looked round the shabby back parlour of the house to which she had brought me. The hideous green rep curtains of the dirty window- the stained table cover and rickety chairs, the coarse drugget which lay on the floor-what a setting for beauty ! Indignant thoughts rose in my heart, tender words to my lips. The latter, at least, I checked. I remembered in time that, dear as she was to me. we were almost strangers; we had not even got beyond the "Jiss Thanct" and " Mr. Barroner" stage. "And this i1 the home your brother has pre pared for you "' "te.," she -tid, with a wan lttle smile and a touch of her old saucy charm. "Perhaps I ehonldanp;logisoforbrb gingyoutosuch a shabby place! But oh, Mr. Barroner, I could put np with it no longer, The overty gfO miohat I dcse, but the mystery, _?u crme which hang around the house are unbearable." Her voice sank toalowtoneofhorrorasehecon eluded. She looked round the room asif with a fuirtlve dream that even the walls might have ears. " Do trust in me," I pleaded. " I will do, I am anxious to do, the very beet in my power for you." " I know you are," she said, gratefully; " that is why I wrote. It was wrong, un maidenly kerhaps, but I had no one else." Poor child ! The pathos in that sweet, vibrating voice touched me strangely. " He will be back in half an hour," she said, glancing at the clock. "We must arrange. Esmethimg, and you must be out of the house before then." " Do you mean your brother?" " No. His friend, Mr. Padman-the man you saw me with in Piccadilly ! I do not know how they get their money, or shy they force me to live so strangely in this miserable house," she. continued in hurried feverish tones. "The whole upper part is kept lockel, and I am virtually a prisoner in these two rooms. I never go out alone; I may not even walk in the garden; neither must I open the street door." " Do they leave the house at regular hours?" I asked. Sometimes they are away for days; at other times they will lock themselves up for almost a week in the rooms upstairs." " All.this is very mysterious," I said. " You" must not stay here another night. Your brother has treated you shamefully. I fear he is involved in some serious scrape. I will find you a snore suitable home." "You !" she asked, timidly drawing her hand from mine and flushing scarlet. " I. smy darling, ch Audrey, can you not see howl love you, have loved you since- " "Huosl," she whispered in horror, and heard a lateh her turned in the street door, ' it is F?uk or Mr. Padman. They will murder you, I know. Oh, where can you hide b ' " I am not going to hide. Quite the contrary, I mean to have it out with your brother ofi his friend." " Doyouindeed 2" I turnetl round, and sasy thefair dissipated-looking man-Franuk Ih niet'e accomplice. "It seems to me," he said sneeringly, " that you willregret menakin~ here tolMiss Thanet when her brother is out of the. way. And she will regret it too." He shot a malevolent glance from his bloodshot grey eyes in Audrey's direction.' " And you don't leave this house until you swear never to enter it again, and not to go blabbing about any lies she may have told "I'll never make the first promise," I. said, hotly, " because I intend to take Miss Thanet out of the house this night-never to return. As to the second, s6 far from promising, In assure you that I mean to find out what illegal business you and Frank Thanet have been carrying on." "I don't know what you are," he said angrily; " a detective, or something worse pro bably. You followed us down Piccadilly the other day. But whether you had your eye on me or the gal I cannot say." The contemptuous tone and gesture with which he alluded to Audrey fired me. "When you speak of that lady," I said, haughtily, "be pleasesd to do so in a more respectful way." " Come, that's good," he returned, with a coarse laugh. "A girl who brings her lover into the house during her brother's absence is deserving of respect, not to say reverence, atthe hands of any man. A girlwhose clhracter-- - I sprang forward and dealt him a stinging blow across the face with my open palm. Uttering a cry of mingled rage and pain he threw himself upon'me, and a fierce strugglO ensued. In strength we were fairly matched, and I doubt who would eventually have been the victor had not accident decided in my assailant's favour. In the scrimmage I un luckily caught my foot in the ragged itoorcloth and fell heavily to the ground. In an instant he was kneeling over me, his hands grasping my throat. I firmly believe that in his blind rage he wduld have throttled me had not a new comner at that momententered the room. No less a person than Frank Thanet. Without a glance at Audrey, who ran forward with white face and trembling limbs at his approach, the young man hurried over to my assmilant and gripped his shouler. "Doyou want to murder the man?" he asked fiercely. "I should like to," returned Padman sullenly. "He shan't leave this house unless he swears--" "Never mind that," broke in young Thanet. "It's all onp with us, and we must bolt. The police are at the corner of the street." Even aS he spoke a loud angry knocking was heard at the door. " You are not to open it, Audrey," mid Thanet, thresteningly. Then both men left the room and hurried upetair. We heard the heavy boize door, which shut off the upper part of the house, clangto; we heard as well the violent and continued knocking at the street deoor. I stepped into the narrow ogasage. audrey threw herself before me, her eyes streaming with tears, her hands clasped. "Do not open it," she enturated. "They willtake him sf you do. My poor Frank. He never meant to do wrong. "My darling, if I do not, they will force it The words were scarcly out of my mouth be fore the ricketty, badly-hung door yielded to the lieairv blows which had been dealt on it, and a detective, accompaniedby two policemen, filled the narrow hall. "I want to search this house," sid the former, sharply, displaying his warrant. ,'obinaon, keep guard while wo go over the lilace." " Willthey take him?" whispered Audrey, with white Hip. "Hadthey any means of escape?" I whis peredb3ack. "I am not sure," she returned, "and you must not, you will not, tell the detectives; but I fancy, from something Prank once said, that they rent the next house and keep it empty." "In that case," I returned, "they have doubtless made good their escape." lThey had. The detectsve and his companion at that moment came into the room. . " The birds have flown," he said in a crest fallen tone. " Butwe shall get them yet, and there's evidence enough in their rooms upstairs to convict my gentlemen for a good manyyears. MIeanwhile. sir, you are my prisoner." "Accused of what?" "Illegal coining." "I can satiataciOrihy explain for my preseene in the house. But' I will come with you of I turned to .Audrey. Poor child! Sweet deli cately nurtured girl! What a trial this coarse scene was to her! " We do not want the lady," resumed the offiaL "We've had oar eye on this p!acefor some time, and we know she's innocent enough. So, for the matter of that, are you, sir; gut you must come along. It's only a matter of form." I turned in perplexity to Audrey. SYou cannot stay here alone to-night." "1.must," she said bravely, thoug? her lips trembled. "Unless the woman next door would take me in. She spoke to me once, and saemed a kind creature." " Before I left Homerton I saw Audrey safe in the motherly care of this Samaritan. "I eaw the door closed on the wretched house in which my darling for months had been a prisoner. Ihanik God that chapter of her life was closed. It should be mybusiness to see thab the next and all succeeding ones were bright. And now she is my wife. With difficulty I overcame her scruples; it took many kisses to drive away the doubt from her sweet lips-the doubt whether she, the sister of a coiner, was a fitting mate for me. Yes, doubts and ecruples were laid at rest at last, and Audrey bears the disgraced name of Thanet no longer. And the one grief in her gentle heart is the thought of her brother-the handsome scatpe grace, whose fate we have never learnt. 