ANO2'IlEJR EST'III CTIONIST WL?ID SUi'. To THllE EDITO,. hn,--In tIh issuo of tho Quaunbayan Aga dotod thut ld insttnct a paragraph alppeared in whicb naConvrontlon botwewn M[r. Caulfield and thio editor of tho Age, who wat in Syduny tit hbo time, is said to boi given. Whnaa I aw it I wroto o Mr. Patitford and n?tod him to bring theo lnattte belurc tiro F. T. anod L. A, coucil, anod if Mr. 0. was a traitor, I hoped they would deal with him no such. Will you litae give the lfoilowing t phlco, whiCh I re. reived this lmoreing without my writing Mr, C. on the subject, and oblige, yourts, &c.;, WILLIAM ATFFLEgOKi, 108 Pitt-ltreet, Syduoy, 7/5/UI, i,. Win. Ahllocho, (Gatidailu. Dear Sir,-I read the It paragraph that up. foored in thIbe Qncoubeytn Ago of tihe ?rd nltant, and "whic ratos an follows;: ' Speaking of a geturnl nlection at to distant dlate, I was it conversantion with Mr. Caullield the boy politiliau--hiimswlf a recent convert to fetr tradi pourn and nimopl. HII ridicules the ftectrado artmy, and ti? sayo they aie only prolotiouits iunider a mIianllur. Tallk. log ofl lo otwn electclrate, Iand tieo chanous of MIr. Downitg as otlcceonor to Mr. O'Snlliivn, It hiold that N. It. D. has not the ghost of a lhance, rlnd predicts that his colour'--nuer nind what, only it is decidedly not Auatralito blue, will kill him." I. have only to any that theo taeinncuto coutlaind in this paragraph n?e untrule. I did not ,penla of tIlh fIrudtrad party in tenrs of ridiculu to anyonle-urir init h;oly 1 would do so in view of the fact that I linen tile honour to hohl a seit on the free. tl;ldl counllcil-aind I lmadt no rifeorncu to hMr, Downillg'o colour. In thei battle we are iown lighting for ilduarin al freedom weo Ihva lnt time,u or the desire, to notice the colour of ttnybody. As I know tithing of the Quenn. bteyttn ulcololrte, I hio tio idea of Mr. D)wnItig'l chineo of SticeeRo, butt as Io is an uucumpromici?gi freetrador, I hope to Oo Itim elested for Quraubeyan. Mr. O'Sullivan is a Iriend of mune, but as Ito is striving to forgo futlher fetters on the maoses, I would con. Sider it my duty to u?t evcery effort.to oeep hilm out of the house, I amn, youra truly, J. P. T. OaunvFlr.n, P.S.-As thia dosorvces to be m?two public, I ihvoe out a copy to the Age, Tiameo, and Penny Peot. W. A. 