FROM GERALDTON TO PORT DARWIN. (By our Special Correspondent.) From Carnarvon to Cossack. Before commencing our journey further north I cannot do better than relate my ex- perience as a fair specimen of the pleasure attending the departure or arrival of pas- sengers per steamer to Carnarvon. Owing to the want or a telegraph station at SDharks Bay proper, there is no possible chance of telling the time that steamer leaves Sharks Bay or about what time she may be expected at Carnarvon. The agent can not tell within twelve hours when she will put in an appearance or take her de- parture. The one great point is not to delay the steamer. Consequently we were requested to send down our luggage on Saturday afternoon and to be on the end of the jetty to go off at six o'clock on Sunday morning, the Otway being expected about that time. Consequently just as chanti- cleer was proclaiming the morn we are to be found in company with the agent, Mr. Baston, the Customs officer and the postmaster, with a few friends making for the end of the wharf, nearly two miles distant from the town. As the sun rose and the morning mist cleared away we were rather disappointed to find the steamer had not arrived and that there was no sign of her. It was a delightful morning and as old Sol rose behind the distant hills and threw his glorious rays over the plains in the fore- ground, which were covered with a rich pro- fusion of wild flowers and various shaded herbage (for which Carnarvon is so justly noted) the whole, reflected in the glass-like surface-of the sea, made up a picture the sight of which well repaid us for our eaily visit and soon dispelled any feelings of dis- appointment we felt at the prospect of a few hours delay. Having remained till 8 o'clock, vainly looking seaward for signs of the Otway's approach, we decided to return to town, where we arrived just in time for the matu- tinal meal, when we proved beyond doubt that a four mile walk creates a wonderful impression on eggs and bacon if not on the tempers of the "peds." The Otway was sighted at 2 o'clock in the afternoon and made fast to the hulk about a mile and a half or more from the end of the jetty and our party of the morning got away at about 3 o'clock in a small looking yacht. With a favourable breeze, though light, we had every hopes of making a good trip, but alas, "man proposes, etc.," the wind died away, leaving us to experience that not very delightful sensation of being "Rocked in the cradle of the deep." As the current was setting towards the jetty, we very soon found ourselves, as we have frequently done of late, progressing in the wrong direction. Our noble commodore, who like Mark Tapley, we found jolly under all circum- stances, who had spread himself out on the bottom of the boat when we started, and was doubtless sweetly "Dreaming of home and mother," and when appealed to, he rose, scann- ed the horizon with the deliberation of an old salt and with that bland smile that so well becomes him, suggested that if we wished to reach the steamer that night we had better pull off our coats and take to the oars. We thanked him for his kindly advice, but declined on principle to follow it, as we had been taught when very young (and we never forget such lessons) that it was naughty to pull boats on Sundays, particularly 5 ton yachts, but as good example was stronger than precept, if the commodore would take first turn and show us how it was done, we would carefully consider the matter and possibly follow suit. Accordingly the post- master and Mr. Geo. Baston went to work with a will, and we did all we could to cheer them on, with the result that they exhausted themselves in a very short time. Three of us then took their places, and so pleased were the officials at the way we "shaped" (as they called it) that nothing would induce them to deprive us of the honor (?) and pleasure (?) of pulling all the way to the ship. Our stroke was very regular, one after the other, and Mr. Geo. Baston, who is a judge, said nothing could be better — except the speed of the boat. I fancy I heard a general smile from the officials when our bow declared his hands were blistered, and as we all felt a little tender on the palms, we were on the point of resigning our exalted positions when our only bachelor with the blisters drew our attention to the fact that we were evidently attracting great attention from the passen gers on the deck of the Otway, doubtless owing to the masterly manner we handled the sculls. He declared he could see two lady passengers smiling and gesticulating by way of encouragement. We thereupon redoubled our efforts to retain the very favorable im- pression we had evidently created, and were doing well when our bachelor friend quite lost his head when he caught a smile from one of the lady passengers which he declared was telegraphed for his special benefit. He tried to cut such a dashing stroke (but alas, pride will always have a fall, even in a boat) he caught a crab instead and came down a cropper when he had all but reached the pinnacle of fame. The man next to him caught the oar of the fallen hero on the back of his head which so surprised and frightened him that, being an Italian, he used a peculiar- ly strong expression. I think it was French, but as we were close under the steamer's aide he did not repeat it just then. As we stepped on the steamer's deck we were met by many old friends, all and one of whom expressed their admiration of our pulling. Even Captain Jameson, who is a good judge, declared he "never in all his experience witnessed anything like it," and all the passengers particularly the ladies, quite agreed with him, one declaring there was something of Hanlon's style about, while others declared it was after Trickett. Anyhow, like the old man in the song, we "got there all the same," in the short space of three hours from post to finish. With the passengers going north was Mr. Durack, he is from Cooper's Creek, and is one of the pioneers of that region, having settled there shortly before the noble and brave explorers, Burke and Wills, met with their sad end. He is visiting his sons who hold the finest and most valuable stations in the Kimberley district. They were among the first to settle in the far north of our col- ony, and the first to drive their flocks and herds over from Queensland to Kimberley. They have been blessed with good fortnne, and well they deserve it. Mr. Durack is a true type of the Irish-Australian. As a young man he could see the very great ad- vantages offered to perseverance, sobriety, and industry in Australia as against that existing in his grossly misgoverned and down- trodden native country, and he started with a brave heart and an Irish mother's prayers to try his luck under the Southern Cross. Success attended him, although he and his had many an up-hill struggle that usual- ly attend on pioneers, yet they fought their way bravely, and have reaped their reward. Mr. Durack has just disposed of his Cooper Creek property for £200,000, and intends settling on his Brisbane estate, although he has nearly reached the allotted three-score and ten, he is wonderfully well preserved, and looks forward to the happy day when he will once more re-visit his dear old Ireland. He has a great opinion of the future of West Australia, and says, now we are free from Downing Street and its misgovernment, we may look forward to a large influx of squat- ters and capitalists from the other colonies. He says, we have the country, but no money, the other colonies have the money but no country to spare, in fact they are pushing each other out of the country, and as a natural consequence they turn their eyes to- wards us. and if we will only encourage them a little we will soon find thousands of miles of onr now idle country covered with the flocks of our brothers over the border. He says, we do not advertise enough. The resources of Western Australia are as little known to the class of men that would bene- fit us as the resources of Borneo. He says it would pay the Government to adopt some means of bringing tbe colony well before the squatters and monied people of the other colonies, who are only too glad to hear any thing about W. A., and from the enquiries made from him he knows they mean business. As a proof of the ignorance existing in the sister colonies respecting W. A. I noticed in answer to a correspondent in "Castnor's Monthly or Rural Australian" some time ago, asking if there were any papers or periodi- cals published in W. A., that he might gather some information from. The reply was " No," the only publication of any sort in the colony is a small weekly broad sheet, published in the far north called the " Vic- torian Express." Oh! ghost of the dear departed grand parents of the press in W.A., where are you — the " Weekly Journal," the " Independent Journal," the West Austra lian Times," the " Fremantle Herald," " Era," " Daily Express," the " 'Possum," " Morning Herald," and the " Bulletin," as well as a host of others, merely comets of a season that left almost as soon as they ap- peared, and for living witnesses we have the " Inquirer and CommerciaJNews," just com- pleted its 50th year, (are you listening Mr. Castner's Monthly) and no less than ten others, all strong and running wall. So much for the knowledge possessed by the other colonies of our resources. Another gentleman, a Mr. McGoughan, a squatter from Riverina, N. S. W., was on his way to inspect several properties on the Ashburton with a view to purchase, he cor- roborates all Mr. Durack says, and fully be- lieves that large numbers of squatters will shortly come over to W. A. Dr. McWilliams was also on board on his way to Roebourne to relieve Dr. Frisell, who is going for a change to Tasmania. The Government for once have made a very hap- py choice in selecting Dr. McWilliams for this post. A young man, clever in his profession beyond his years, he is very active, hard- working and most attentive to those under his care, and he has a happy style of getting along pleasantly with every body be meets, so there can be no doubt he is just tbe man for the Nor'-westers. We also met Inspector Troy, who is upon that sad but noble mission of bringing back for interment in consecrated gounds among the members of his family, the remains of his younger brother, Sergeant Richard Troy, the news of whose sudden death a few months ago, threw quite a gloom over Gerald- ton, where he was well-known and univers ally esteemed and respected. What nobler epitaph can be written on any man's tomb than that on " Poor Dick Troy's"—" He died in the execution of his duty," in the service of his native counliy — May he Rest in Peace. We found the Otway would not sail till ten on Monday, and that we might have saved ourselves the trouble of pulling off. This was rather annoying, but we soon found ourselves settled down to a good substantial dinner, presided over by Captain Jameson, and were soon under the influence of his genial stnile and kindly attention, forget ful of our blistered hands and injured feel- ings. . . . The passengers for Carnar- von included two ladies and young children who certainly were to be pitied. They left the ship s side on board a lighter in a dead calm, and could be seen only a short dis- tance away two hours after they had started, we were told the next evening that they did not reach the jetty till nearly mid-night, and then had to go nearly two miles to town. You cannot conceive anything more trying than after a voyage just sufficiently long enough to make one ill, to be placed in a small boat to drift about for some four or five hours as in this instance. It is rough on strong men, but for delicate women and children it is right down cruel and disgraceful. And as the Govern- ment are paying away thousands a year of public money as a subsidy and for the mail service, it is nearly time they took into con- sideration the convenience of the travelling public. The mail and the Government officials (as in this case) conveyed ashore as quickly as possible as they should be), but the Government should see that the passen- gers are not left to the mercy of the waves. The question is, who is to blame, it is either S. S. Company or the Government, and the sooner a stop is put to tbe disgraceful man- ner of bringing passengers to and from our coastal steamers the better. To be continued. 