THE ROUT OF THE WHITE HUSSARS. B t BUD YARD KIPLING. •" (psox "rum* Tujia fbok trb niixs.”) Soma people hold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. Thill* a mistake. I have Men four hundred and thirty-seven a&broe; flying over the face of the country in abject terror—havo seen the belt regiment that evor drew bridle wiped off the Anuy last for the ■pace of two hour*. If you repeat thii tale t' too White Hunan they will in all probability treat you eevorely. They are not proud of tho inddent You may know tho White Humean by their “ »idet” which ui greater than all the cavalry on the rooter. If this u not a sufficient mark, yon may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years iu the mess and is worth going far to taste* Ask for tho M M'Gaire” old brandy, and oee that you get it. If tho mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and that tho genuine article will be loit on you, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when you aro at racis, you must nover talk to your hosts nlxmt forced marches or long-distance rides, Tho mess ore vorr sensi tive ; and if they think you aro lausning at them, will tell you so. As the White Hucsars say, it was tho colonel's fault. He was anew man, and he ought nover to have taken tho command. He said that the regiment was not smart cnoagb. ' This to tho White Hussars, who know that they could walk round tiny Horse and through any guns, and over any Foot on tho face of the ea’rta l That insult was tho tint cause of offenco. Then the colonel cast tho drum-horse—the drum-horse of tho White Hussar*! Perhaps you do not iee what an umpeakablo crime ho had committed. I will try to make it clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the drum hone who caimt tho silver kettle-drums. Ho is nearly always a big piebald Waler. That is a point of honour; and a regiment will spend , anything you please on a piebald, ne is boyond tho ordinary laws of casting. His work isVery light, and he only raanccuvros at a footpace* Wherefore, so long as he cau step out and look handsome, his wellbeing is matured. He knows moro about tbo regiment than tho adjutant, and could uot make a mistake if ho Tho drum-hor*e of tho Whito Hussars was only eighteen } ears obi, and perfectly equal to hi* duties. He had at *ix rears more work in him, and earned himself with all thoporapand dignity of a drum-major of tho Guard*. Tho rvgimcul hail paid l,*JuOrs. for But tho colonel said that bo must go, and bo was cast in due form and replaced by a washy, bay beast, as ugly tis a mule, with a ewe-neck, rat-tail, and cow- hocks. The drummer d«tot«i thatauunal, and the lust of tho txinil-horse* put hick their ears and showed the white* of thoir ores at the very tight of him. They know him for an upstart mid no gentleman. 1 fancy that the colonel’* ideas of smartness ex tended to tho bind, and that lm wanted to mako it take part in tho regular parade move ments. A cavalry hand isasnered thing. It only turnsoul forcommandingofficcrs* parades, and tho bandmaster is ono degree more im portant than the cdoncl. Ho is a high priest* and the ** Keel How” is his holy s>ng. The •• Keel Row” in the cavalry trot; and the man who hss never hoard that tunc rising, high and shrill, above tho rattlo of the regi ment going past the saluting-liaje, has some thing yet to hear aud understand. When the colonel cast tho drum horso of the White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny. The officers were angry* tho regiment were furious, and tho bandsmen sworn—like troojwr*. The Drum-Horso was going to bo put up to auction—public auction—to be bought perhaps by Porece and put into a cart! It was worse than exposing tho inner life of tho regiment to the whole world, or selling the mess plate toa Jew—a black Jew. Tho colon* 1 was a mean man and a bully. HO'knew what the regiment thought about his action ; and when the troopers offered to buy tho drum-horse, ho said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regula Butoneof tho subalterns—Hogan-Yalc, an Irishman—bought the drum-horse for IGOro. at tho salo ; and tho colonel was wroth. Yolo professed repentance—ho was unnaturally sub missive—and said that, ns ho had only’made tho purchase to savo tho horso from possible ill-troitmcut ani starvation, he would now shoot him and end the business. This appeared to soothe tho colonel, for he wanted the drurn hoffe disposed of. He felt that he had made a mistake, and could not of course acknowledge it* Meantime, tho presence of the drum-horso was an annoyanoc to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old braudy, three cheroots, and bis friend Martvn ; and they all left the mcM together. Vale and Martyn conferred for two hours in Yale's quarters; but only tho bull-terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees knows what tliev said. A horse* hooded and sheeted to hfs airs, left Yale’s stables, aud wss taken, very nn. aillmnlv* titln thf, T Sn<u V.l..1._-^ willingly, iutq the Civil Line*. Yale's groom went with him. Two men broke into the regimental theatre and took several paint pota uni somo large Hen cry brushes. Then night fell over the Cantonment*, and there wo* a noise as of a anno kicking his loose-box to pieceain Yale's stables. Yale bad a big, old, white Waltr trap-horse. The next day was a Thursday, and tho men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot tho drum horse in tho evening, determined to giro the baastaregular regimental funeral—a finer ono than they would liavo given the colonel had ho died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds and mound* of rose*, and tho body, under sacking, was carried out to tho place where tho anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of tho regiment follow ing There mu no bind, but they all tang “ The Place where tho old Horse "Died,” as something respectful aud appropriate to tho occasion. When the corpse was dumped into the grave and the men began throwing down armful* of rote* to corer it, tho farrier aergeant ripped out on oath, and aaid aloud, “ Why, it ain't the drum-hortu .. any more than it’s mo 1” The troop sergeant-major* asked him whether ho had left his bead in the can teen. The iarrier-sergeant said that he knew the drum-horse's feet as wt-H os he knew his own : but he was silenced when he saw the regimental number burnt in on tho poor stiff up-turnt-d near-fore. Thus was the drum-hone of the White Hussars buried; tho farricr-sergeant grum bling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smoared in places with black paint; aud tho farricr-sergeant drew attention to this fact. But tho troop sergeant-major of E. Troop kicked him severely on the shin, and told him hat ho was undoubtedly drunk. On the Monday following the burial, the colonel sought revenge on the White Hussars. Unfortunately, being at that timo temporarily in command of tho station, ho ordered a brigade field-day. He said that he wished to moke the regiment “ sweat for their d-d insolence,” and he carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of the hardest days in the memory of the White Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushed forward, and withdrawn, au 1 dismounted, and “ scientifically handled” in every possible fashion over dusty country, till they swoated profusely. Their only amusement came late in tho day when they fell upon the battery of Horso Artillery and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, and moat of the troopers had money on the event; the gunners saying openly that they had tho legs of tire White Hussars. They were wrong. A march past concluded the campaign, and when the regitnont got back to thoir lines, the men were coated with dirt from -pur to chin-strap._ “The White Hussars have o.uo great uml peculiar privilege. They own it at Fontenoy, ' -ManyroglroentiporacM special rights such as wearing colUrswith undrew uniform, or a bow of ribbon between the shoulders, or red and white rosea in their helmets on certain days of the year. Sooterights are connected with regi mental saints, and somo with regimental suc cesses. All are _ valued highly ; but none so highly as the right of the White flusters to hare the band playing when their horses are being watered in tho lines. Only one tune it played, and that tune never varies. I don't know its real name, but tho White Hussars call it, “Take me to Ixmdon Again.” It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner be struck off the roster than forego their distinc After the ** dismiss” was sonnded, the offi cers rode off home to prepare for stables; and i the men filed ir.to the lines riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shifted thoir helmets, and began to joke or to swear as tho humour took them ; tho more careful slip ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper values bis mount exactly as much as he value* himself, and believes, or should believe, that the two together are irresistible where women or men, girts or guns, ar concerned. Then the orderiy-efficer gave tho oruer. “ 'Y*ter ho.r**,>’* the regiment loafed off : to tho squadron-trough* which were in rear of the stable* and between these and tho barracks Thera were four hngh troughs, one for each squadron, arranged rtt eetrbi, so that the whole regiment could water in ten minutes if it liked But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while ! tbo band played. Tho band struck up as the squadrons filed off to the troughs, and the mm slipped their feet out of the'stinrups and chaffed each other The sun was just setting in a big, hotbed of rod cloud, and the road to the civil line* seemed to nut s'raight into the cun's «ye. There wss a little dot on the road. It grew and crew till it showed as a horso, with a sort of gridiron thing on hit back. The red cloud glared through the ban of tho gridiron. Some of the troopers shaded their tree with their hands and said, “ What the mischief 'as that there terse got on ’i® i" In another mjaute tK«y heard a neigh the! every, ^ai-hane and man-in the regiment knew, and saw, heading straight towasda the band, the dead dtas>hom of tha White Hawn! On hia wither* banged and bumped tho kettio-dnzna draped in crape, and on his^baci, very and soldierly, tat a baitheaded skolekui. • Th^ band ttopped playing, and, for a moment, there was a bush. ' Theosorua oho in £ Troop— men said it wo* tho troop*aergwmt-major—swung his horto round ana yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it seoma that, at least, ono man in each troop set an cx ample of panic, and tho rest followed like sheep, Tho horses that bnd bireJy put their muxzlee into tho troughs reared and capered ; hut as soon as tho band broke, which it did when tho ghost of tho drum-horso was about a furlong distant, all hooree followed suit, and the clatter of tho atarapedo—quite different from the ordorlr throb ana roar of a movement on parade, or the rough horso-play of watf ring iu camp—made them only more terrified. They felt that the men on thotr backs were afraid of something. When horses once know that, all is over except tho butchery. Troop after troop turned from tho troughs and ran—anywhere and overywhere—likospiit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses wero in all stages of easiness, and the carbino*buckets Hopping against their sides urged their horses on. M«u were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull clear of the band which was being chased by the drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. 'Dio colonel had gono over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and the subaltern of the day was preparing to go down to the lines, and recciro the watering re ports of tho 'troop-sergeant-majors. When 44 Take mo to London Again’* itoppod, after twenty bars, ovory one in tho moss said, 44 What on earth bos happened ?** A minute later, tboy heard unmilitary noises, and saw, far across tho plain, tho White Hussars scat tered, and broken, and firing. The coloael was speechless with rage, for ho thought that tho regiment had risen against him or was unanimously drunk. Tho band, a disorganisod mob, tore past, and at its h-eU laboured the drum-horse—the dead and buried drum-homo—with tho jolting, cluttering skeleton. Hogan-Yale whispered softly in Martyn—41 No wire will stand that treatment.’* and too band, which had doubled like a hare, came hack again. Hut the rest of tho regimert was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk lud shut in and each man was howl ing to his neighbour that the drum-hori<» was on his (lank. Troop-horses urc far too tcmhrlv treated as a rule. They can, on emergencies, do a great deal, oven with seventeen stone on their backs. As tho troopers found out. How long this panic listed I ca mot lay. I believe that when tlie moon rose tho men saw they had nothing to ft.ir, and, by two* and threes and half- troops, crept back iuto canton moots very much nsK-uned of thenuclw*. Meantime, tho drum horse, disgusted ar h’s treatment by old friends, pulled up, wheel.nl round, and trotted up to tho mcsi verandah steps for bread. No one liked to run ; but no ono cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of tho skeleton’s foot. Tho band had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. Tho colonel called it. individually and collectively, every evil name that occurred to him at the time ; for ho had set his hand on tho bosom of tho drum-horse and found flesh and blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with hia clenched list, and dis covered that they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, he tried to drap the skoleton out of the saddle, but fouud that it had been wired in4o tho cantle Tho sight of tho colonel, with hia arms round tho skeleton*# pelvis aud his kneo iu tho old drum-horse*s stomach, was striking, not to sav amusing. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, *ay ing to tho baud—** Here, you curs, that’s what you4re afraid of.** The skeleton did not bK k pretty in tho twilight The band-sergeant seemed to recognise it. for he began to chuckle and choke. 44 Shall I tako it awar, sir ;'* said the band-icrRoant. •* Yes," said'the colonel, *4 take it to hell,and ride there yourselves 1" The band-sergeant saluted, hoisted tht skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to tho stables. Then the colonel began to make inquiries for the rest of tho regiment, and the languago ho used was wonderful. Ho would disband tho regiment—ho would court-martial every soul in it—he would not command such a sot of rabble, and so on. and so on. As tho men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free speech allowed oven to a colonel of horse. Martvn took Hogan-Yale asiuo and sug gested compulsory retirement from the service as a necessity when all wav discovemL Martvn was the weaker man of the two. Hogan-Yale put uo hU eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that ho was tho son of a lord, and, secondly, that he wa* as iauooent as tho babe unborn of tho theatrical resurrection or tho drum-horse. 44 My instructions/* said Yale, with a singu larly sweet smile, 44 were that the drum-hone should bo sent back as impressively os possible. I ask you, aw l responsible if a mule-headed friend tends him back in such a manner as to disturb the peace of mind of a regiment of Her Malwty’scavalry 5” Martyn said, 44 You are a great man, and will in time become a general; but l*d give my chance of a troop to bo safe out of this affair.” Providence sited Martyn and Hogan-Yale. Tho second in command led the colonel away to tho little curtained alcove wherein the subal terns of tho White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths oil tho coloucT* part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented tho scare as tho work of sotno trooper whom it would bo hopeless to detect; and I know that ho dwelt upon the sin and the sharaa of making a public laughing-stock of the scare. 44 They will call us,’* said the second in command, who had really a fine imagination— 44 they will call us the 4 Fiy-by-Nigbis :* they will call u»-the * Ghost Hunters;* they will nickuamo us from one end of tho army list to tho other. All tho explanation iu the world won’t make outriders understand that the offi cers were away wheu the pautc began. For tho houour of tho regiment and for vour own sake keep this thing quiet.** The colonel was so exhausted with anger that toothing him down was not so difficult as might bo imagined. He was rnado to see, gently and by degree*, that it was obviously impossible to court-martial the whole regiment and equally imposdblo to proceed against any subaltern who, in hU belief, had any concern in the hoax. 44 But tbo beast’s alive! II vs never been shot at all!** shouted tho colonel. 44 It’s flat flagrant disobedience! Tre known a man broko for less—damn sight less, They’re mock ing iue,^ I tell you, Mutman ! They’remock Ouce more, the second in command set him self to soothe the colonel, and wrestle*! tcilh him for half *n hour. At the end of that time, the regimental sergeant-major re|>ortsd him self. The situation was rather novel to him : but he wa* not a man to be put out bv circum stances. lie saluted and said, 44 ltepment all corso back, sir.** Then to propitiate tho colonel—44 An* noire of tho ’orses any tho worse, sir/’ Tho colonel only Fnorto.l and answered— 44 You’d better tuck the men into their cots, then, and see that th»»y don't wako up and cry in tho night.** The sergeant withdrew. His little stroke of humour pleased the colonel, and, further, ho felt slightly ashamed of the language ho hud b-.-on using. The second iu command worried him again, and the two sat talking far into tho night. Next day but one, there was a commanding officer’s parade, and the colonel harangued the White Hussars vigorously. The pith of hia speech was that, since the drum horse in his old , ago had jirovetl himself capable of cutting up ! tho whole regiment, he should return to hia j post of pride at the head of the band, but tho 1 regiment were a set of ruffians with bad con science*. The .\ytute Hussars shouted, and 1 everything movable about them into th and wheu the parade was over, thev ch the colonel till tnev couldn’t speak. No < were put *p for Lieutenant Hogan Yale smiled very sweetly in theback-ground. Said the second in command to tlmco unofficially— “These little things ensure popularity ) not the Wust affect dLudiilino.,f do not the Wust affect dUcipliue. 44 Hut I went back on my word,** sc colonel. u Nevermind/1 said tho second in coa 44 The White Hustare will follow you ani from to-dav. Regimeuta arc just Hko v Thej will do anything for trinketrv/1 A week later, Hogan-Yale received an ordinary letter from someone whosigm self44 Secretary, Charitv and Zeal, 37011, and asked foe 44 the return of our si which wo ha vs} reason to believe is in you session/* . ** Who the deuce is this lunatic who in bones r1 said Hocan-Ysle. 41 Beg your pardon, sir/* said the scryjoant, 44 but tbo skeleton is with r o- « ITUU U *.*l f^lwrn it if you’ll pay tho carriage i cml Iibm. There’s* coffin with itTwr.* Hognrt-Y.le .mill'd and banded two ru theband-Mrgcsnt, «»ying, Writo tbo d the .Icull, will you ?” If you doubt this story, and know wl go, you con wo the data on the skeleton <™ t mention. the nutter to tho Huataro. I happen to know something about cauw I prepared the drura-bor-o for hia Ho did not take kindly to the .1 IVrhsps for brutal callourne., the which h«. .hocked Iioonerille, the Ken town, hu rarely been equalled. Honry man wm knocked down by hi. cousin. Bowman, whereupon tho latter', sister, 'J cut Henry'* heart out with a bowie The tr.rl elaimod tho man had insulted hot The dowry of (ho Princess Victoria, daii of theBmpcmFwderick and fiancee of I Adolphs. Schaumhnrg-Lippe will, it ii amount to 100,000,MO mark., or £.500.001 lift*, with M ftddittaaol annual a!low*n iO,000 mark*. The Gertran Emporo** in <*««*• hisrifSor a .pefiaj annuity put , on puts*. 