./'mw in- .VFLUENUE. . A VERY STRANGE STORY. ; At the. ago of thirty I found myself almost alcmo iu tho world, hut in possesion of au annual incorao sufficient to furuifi tho neceB- sarios and sowo of tho comforts of a hacholor life, and with acquirements which had . only to bo put to ilea in order to bo neuuniorilr nro. ductlvo. I did not cbooao at first "to uovolo inysolf to any rorauucralivo ocoupatiou, but determined to iudulgo iu two or turoo years amateur application to my favourite pursuit of chemistry. I was city born and city bred, aud in the city lived, the only frtoud I possessed, so in thu city I resolved to 'remain. I uccordmgly searched the suburbs for somo suitablo place whuro I might erect ray laboratory and pursuo my labours of lovo in undisturbed retirement. At length I found a small two-roomed cottage unoccupied, sought out tho laudlord, and to gether wo went to the premises. Tho place neomed particularly adapted for my purpose, as there was a desk titted in a recess near thu window iu one of tho rooms, aud beforo it stood a regular study-chair, with cushioned uriua, and hack set at the proper anglo for a comfortable recline in moments of meditation. 41 How camo these to bo hero ?" I ashed the landlord. ' "Woll," ho answered, "the man who owned ' too uouso, auu uii'u iu it tun years siuco, was u. quocrchap. Ho sold it to mo choap on tho understaiiding that I should not removo tho fixtures Those two things were tho only real fixtures, so I supposo you can do with them.44 14 You have had tenants siuco?" "Oh, yes. Abrokor had it for two or throe years, and an agent had it for his . ofllco ; but these things suited them." 44 All right. They will just suit mo, I think." Tho ront ho named was low, so I took tho pluco, got the keyB, and for tho next few wookB wus busy getting iny promises into ordor,.nnd transporting into tho back room thu miscel laneous collection of chemical stuffs mid imple ments! had-beon accumulating for years. At length my furnace was going, ; my retorts, bub bling, una sorao experiments in progress. At tho ond of a few diiys7 constant work in tho laboratory I achieved somo rasultH which I thought it necessary to chrotiiclo with careful ness. Untiring to my study, which I had fur- nishod with a table, a couple of common chaira, and a bbok-sholf, I soatuu myself at tho desk, laid out my papers, and proceeded to make copious memoranda.' After Laving bueu mo seated for about n, quarter of an hour, a strange thing Hupponcd to mc. T -fnll infn n nf trnriM. i Tho walls of tho room seemed to dissolve liway, and I scorned to ago into tho interior of a quito different apartment, iu which tho first thing that arrcsto-i my attention was the figure of a lovely young girl seated at a round table, with hor eyes, it sootucd to mo, gazing intently, into mino. She seemed to havo been sowing, but hor hands hud fallen into her lop, and she »ul otill as a statue, gazing. She was lovely; but an attraction stronger than that of more beauty seemed to dng my soul out towards hor. I could hardly withdraw iny eyes from her to glance round tho room iu which shu was sitting. Itseomed a moderately-sized sitting- room, furnished according to nuddlo-elaa3 idous df comfort. In one corner stood a sore of couch, on which some parson was lying, but whose face I could not see. lint before I could again fix my eyes upon tho girl, soinothing sceraod to intorpoao, mid I now only saw what X supposed to be tho outside of the house into which somehow I hud been looking — a small, two- windowed cottage, with a narrow garden in front, a high road, winding past, along which a waggon, loaded with hags of grain, was wlowly moving, guided hv a countryinun in the unmistakable giub i.f uu Huglish labouror, and so distinct that I'cuuld road tlio name oil the side- plate. There were trees in the diatnnco, aud n church Nl>ire. Then a dimness over nil— a slight shock— and thu wull of my own room, tho doslc, and tho papers ! . Igot up iu agi atiou and walked up and down tho room, wondering what it could ruoan. Surely I was tho victim of somo extraordinary hallucination ! Something had gone-wrong with tho brain, that delicate instrument of tho mind. But that flguro ! It soeuied as if I- had known hor for yours. ' 1 1 went out with tho intention of calling on Nod Baxtor— to whom I have utroadv ruforrod it's tho only friend I possessed— aiid laying tho matter before him. I did not, however, do so. Ishrank with an uncoiiquurablo reluctance from speaking to anyouo uho'ut iny singular ex perience. But when thu. same tiling occurred 'a<min tind again at iutervals of. about tlireo dayB -always, too, whoa seated at my desk— re vealing to ino tho same room, the. same girl, tho same outdoor scene, I could maintain silence no longer. ' ' Ned Baxtor and I had boon cliumo from hoy- hood. Wo woro about tho same ago, and ho wus a haoliolor liko myself. Ha was something oonnootod with tlioluw, midline! chambers in tho husinoss part of tho city. Ho was sontod alone iu his sanctum indulging in n cignr whon I wont in with tho viow of uulntrtheiiing my mind to "ilnvo you a few minutes to spare, Nod?" T nulfttfl. i' "I should think so; too many of thorn. Clients are scarce. ' Draw in tho consulting- ohuir. But what's tho matter? You look us if you had soon a ghost." " I am not sure hut I havo." ' And delihoratcly, hut not without much montal pain, I gnvu a circumstantial uccoiint of my last throe wooks. At thoctoso lie seemed inclined to laugh, but checked himself. ' I know what hu was going to ' say before ho said it. ' "Something wrong hero; old follow, and lio ' pointed, not to liis forehead, but to his stomach. " You must come. with, mo to Dr. Brown's anil lot him oco your tongue.'.' ' Eventually I Consented. Woprocoodcd together to Dr. Brown's consulting-room, and found him fortunately disengaged. I Thon botween us wo inado tlio doctor ac quainted with thu circumstances which had really lod to our visit. .... -. ,. ; Ho listouod silently and with rapt attonliou. I After fooling my pulso and examining my tonguu, ho said:. . ! " Thoro is nothing III your iiliysical condition thai would warrant mo in treating you for monomania; hut tlio bruin is n strnngo— a mys- torioiiB organ. It works many abnormal pruuks. Your condition in those— trances tot us call thorn— is something liko clairvoynu so. I should liko to sou tlio room whoro tho ailoctiuns occurred." -. ; j "Lot us adjourn Ur.tlicraluncc, tliun, urged my frlondNod.' ' . ' ' ' . 1 I agreed,- so. wo all threo procooded towards lihy laboratory. , ,, , ' i As ho went up tho steps tlio door, Dr. Brown cast his oyos over tho smoko-staiued You'woro always soatodiu this chair?'.'. Bald ho, whon wo hail got insido. ' "Always." ' "I will tost it mviolf ;" and tlio doctor sal down hoforo tho desk. ' . " Bot us have a smoke," .said Nod : and wo sat smoking aiid talking for about half an hour without anything unusual occurring with Dr. Brown., v .. . . " Not en rapport, ' inuruiurod lio, as lio got U'fVlIu,'hn ! " laughed Nod. " Lot mo try it." " It's, no uso.'f Tho doctor was turning and oxamiiuiig tlio chair, : An iron bar lod from tlio Boat to li suckot in tlio iloor, in whicli it worked. , ,. " ".What is bolow?" lio asked. "A collar?" ! " Not that I know of. , I ro.illy ilou't know." i I hud uevor hud' the door at the back oud of thopasaagoopou, so I could suy nothing about. ; "".We'll soon soo,',' said Ned, leading tlio way along tlio short nassAgo, turning tlio laiy which stood in ,, tlio : lock, and revealing a flight of about a doxeu; stops, terminating on a level with thWoUdo'scondod, and found tho buck walla doad mass of grey stone, excepting the ono window which lighted luy lulmratory. At tho foot of tlio chair, still insido tlio pussago, there was u blank picco of wall smoothly jilastarod over. Wo woro passing lliisou turning from our inspection, wliou Nod struck it flnnly with his, knuckles. . " Stop," said ho, and struok it again onco or twice.. "Bring it Imininor, Aaty." \- vtviii. it.. lm uiritnV f lift urn 1 1 nniPYJIV WIWl UlUJIUUIIitWI nv uv.uw.. ...v — --rf- in several places, and at onc-vpart it gave bucKu distinctly hollow sound. .' "Thoro is wood lioro. IIuvo you a. olilsol, A,'l'Sis also I was ublo to.supply, nud with tho hanttnor und eliisol Noil,, who was now the loitd- ingspirit, soon laid liaroanarrowdooriluvol with tho stouo lintoU, apjMi?tiutly heavy, will securely locked. How to open it was now the auction. "Tho binges look. weak,' "nam Xcd", ana with a few woll- uirocto<l strokes lio wvorod flwt ono and then the other Our united offorto prwou tho door open f roin tho back. " All is darkness boro," tatd Kcd, as ho poop- Atorch waairaprovlsodhrorua bunch ot wax tanera und w<i all three wont in. - Thoro wm narrow pawmgo loaning v» ui loft towards the front of tho house, and onain in a aqua to recess, which thu llaring . tovch jihed up fitfqUy, wk tUlafowlmt wo saw. On a Uttlo round tablo a erystal bowl/almost full of a clear liquid, in which floated what uobrhod aemall magnot, ono of its poles touching u motallio wire, .which neccnded and dis appeared iu tho ceiling, just below where stood diy study-chair ; and nosidothe howl a small ohony l>ox aud on tho top of tho tiox a ring, from a largo jovvul in whioh tho torchlight scin tillated. I had just lifted tho box and ring, when Nod, tixclaiiniug, 41 Thoro is somo devilry lioro ! " dashed tho bowl from tho tabic. With tho sound of breaking glass thoro camo a Housiblo shock, a commotion in tho air, and total darkness. Our light had been extinguished. "Wo hurriodly mndo our Wtiy to tho door and up to my room, where wo stood a few moments gazing in each othor's fuccs. 44 What decs It all inoun ? " It was Nod who epoko first. Tho doctor said nothing. I now recollected and mentioned what the landlord had told mo about tho u queoruess "of tho original oivner and somo timo occupier of tho promises, and his peculiar provisions re garding tho desk aud chair. 44 You must got out of this,' " said Ned. 44 Thoro is not tho smallest reason now/4 sntil Br. Brown. 44 If I am not much mistaken, tho spoil is broken. But you havo something in vour hand ? 44 ho sai l to mo. 44Theso woro on tho table, 44 1 said, showing the box and ring. Thoriug was massive gold, ornamentod oh ono sido with tho fiuuro of an oaulo. wintry spread, and a large opal iu its broiuit. Tho box was of ebony, the lid and sides covered with grotusquo carvings in relief. A quaintly-shaped silver key stoou in tho look. Wo soon Imd it opon, nud this is what wo found within A slip of paper sorawlod over with writing, aud undornoath a buudlo ofpnporstiod logother. Ned undertook to doeinher the forraor, wliilo I examined tho lattor, which, to my astonish ment, proved to bo bank-nolcn and foreign bonds to the total amount of over twenty thou- sand pounds. 44 What do you make of it, Ned?" I asked, with incrouaou anxiety. . . 44 1 can muku nut somo iibraHas,44 said he, "butbthor portions I would doiy Old Nick liimsolf, who Hccintt to have a linger in our prosuut pio, toirmko head or tail of." It wns certainly tlio most atrocioun »icco of Writing I over sot my oycaon. Bntiro lines woro just a series of loop and turns which might mean ono thing as well tui another. It was mof.t provoking. Our combined slci'll could not pro- duco a imaror guofS at its- contents than tho fol lowing: — . . . power nearly gone . . . filled with re morse . . . know liicy are living, but cannot iioo thorn-' L . . lust niTort of skill . . . influence ono in spiritual alUnify . . . tho ring and money . . . fim; them . . . givo them ... Thosigmil nro was composed of n number of twirls and dasbuH, 'of- wliioli notliiiig could bo mado. 44 What is to bo dono with tho money ?" was Nod's iiuxl thought. 44 1 must find thoin,'' auid I, 44 Find whom ?" 44Thoto to whom it belongs" 44 Whon.ro tlmy ?" "jjl'ho young lady and tlio invalid XBawovor and ov r again in n»y dream, or whatever you choose to will it." 44 Whew ! Then you- thiuk thoy nro roal, living bohigs ?" ' " I iuii as .sure of it ao that 1 am u living hoing myself." 44 What do you think of him now, doctor ?" ' 44 Well, I am not inclined (o make ho light of what wo liavo Jieurd from our fi'iend, und what we have seen ourselves, au you, Nod. 1 havo witiiossed HomothingH whielt pcrumptorily forbid that. Still I would- counsel culm con sideration before euguging in what may prove, after nil, a wild-goom chase, and that suggests that somo link has been, loft out by tho un known muguetisur. You have no nluo whereby to discover the wheroa bouts of those in whoso behalf we shall suppose yon luivo been com missioned." This had to hu udmittod. fie wilt tout coming to any duoisum wo went out together. The next iuw days I sicut undeavouring to discover somotbing by inuaiis of tho bank-iiotu.-), butentiroly fuilod. Most of thuiu v/oro for large amounts, and proved to bo quite genuine, wilich was so far quito witisfuctoiy . After this I made an attempt to msumo my usual courao of life, but foundit impossible. At last I shut up tho place — first getting a trades- mnu to plaster over tho cellar door us wo liad found it aud dropping a lino to Ned to inform him of my resolution, I sot one to search lor thu fuirfuce wliich, do au I might, was over rising boforu mo. Besides my own overwhelming dosiru, I convinced myself thai I iiad a trust to discharge, a duty to fulfil. A couple of months uf'.orwurdo I wus again in tho city, bullied and dejected. Ono day, after having. uomjowH if. recovorod from tlio exhaustion of iny fruitless search, 1 wandered into Nod'a office.. 44 Hallo, old fellow! ltoturned from your travels? What success?44 cried Ntdaa ho took my hand. I shook my head. 44 1 suy, you must jjivu up that. You nro wearing yotirsolf to skin and bono. (Jomo ovor and see Terry.44 At this moment ho was called to tho outor room. T ..I. limit., a.i H .n onut frflm U'lllflll lift llllll risun, and leant my anna on tlio dcBk. Aim lessly £ turned over a letter wliich was lying faco downwards, uud tho name nt the foot ucutuud to strike mo iu tho forehuad like u bullet. 1 was not at first conscious why it did so, and a few ammonia elnpnod before tho mean ing llashod iqioii mo. "Jonathan Crump!44 Why, that was the name on the country waggon I saw on ono occasion passing nhmg the road beside which my dream-cottage stood. I glanced ut the top of the sheet — " Ofinindula !" Yhh, I wns uliuost euro that this was my Jonathan Crump. 44 Nud," I cried, the moment lio ontorod, 44 where is Grouiulalu? Who is Jonathan Crump?" . "Jonathan Crump is a sort of client, or at least corronpon lent of mine regarding a pirce of btisincss I havo got tho arranging of ; but 1 havo never seen him. Where Oroenualo is I really do not knew.44 44 Whore is your gnzotteor?4' ' ' 44 Oh, you need not search thoro. It is, I be lieve, merely thu muuu of a fann-steading. But stop— it cannot bo far from CJ ,'vliore.I have observed all his letters to bo posted," ' 44 Aud whom is C — ?" \ 44 In Bevonahiro.'4 ' I Heizud ft gazetteer nml a 4' Bradsliuv.',44 find soon hud my route chalked out. ; 44 What's tho mattnrnow? Whuro away so suddenly ?" cried Nod as I whs rushing out. | 41 1 will toll you again, Nod, Good-bye.44 I could not bvar to spunk of my nuwhopo, which, after all, might end in a now disappoint ment, The next afternoon ! was walking up tho main street of tho village or town of C to ward the post, office. 44 Can vou direct mo to a furm-steading called Groondafe?" I uskod of tho ixMiiMKtor when I had found him. "Ureenaaio !— Joimtnau ururap H : aooul four miles straight out weft from this." It wan a rinoHiilumii nfteriioon, and I set out to walk tho difdnncu. From Jonalhiui Crump I truutn 1 to loam in what dircctioiv he was in the habit of sending waggons lotidfcd with gmin or flour ; if possible, whoro in particular on that day, about four months agoj. whicli I hud carefully calculatod and noted.. The influence of tho puro air and mud ouu- shine cabiti'd tlio fever of tny blood, and ro- strung niyv jad'-l nerves. 1 fait liottor and hup- nicr than L liad dune for months before. I was .Indulging- -in droams of a happy sequel to my adventure, when, on lifting my oyes us I .roumicibasTuiri) bond in thoroau, thoro stood the picture before mo— tlio lunilsaipo of iny dream 2 Tho scene which hud ho long iK>on only 44 a vision of rny inind,44 was, after all, an actually oxUting concroto reality. Tharo, not a hundred mces from mo, wua tho littlo two- wimlowurl cottage, with tho nuirow gardou in front; still further uwuy tho dump of trees, ftvortnppcd by tho church Bpiro. My hoart stood still, and my kucos litenilly 44 knocked togolhur 44 at the sight. Mastering my oraotion, I resolutoly udvuuced, walked. in uttho wlckotv gato, and knocked at tho door. I wus not tl;o cast astonished— in fact, it was just whatl oxpoctod— when tho door onenod, and I stead face to face with tho young lady of my visions. T IniAw licr at onco — hor - features were too in- dolibly printed on my memory. My appaar- unco sooinod to startlo hor in somo unuooount- able maimer, when an. elderly woman camo forward, to whom I explained that 1 wialied to see her mistretiH on a matter of husiucsft. 44 Oh, you want Miss Beatrice.44 Boatnco ! That was hor name, then, ltucovcrlng herself instantly, Boxlrico, a& I may now call her. lod tlio way into tho room— the room, just a&I; hail scon it— in ono corner tho couch, which was now, howo\or, ompty. 44 Nuil, yo.i may Icavo ua,44 shu said ; for thu woman wus liiigoriug, and re gurdiug mo with soma suspicion, biio then, turned her oyes inquiringly on mo— tho sumo, bluo, molting oyos, and almost thu siuno wondering apjH/ding look. I took out tho box aud tho nug, and laid them on thrj tivblo preparatory ta tliu telling of my story I did not know how to begin. My motber4s riiigV" she suddenly ox- clrimod, oagorly lil4dng and oxamiuing tho ona Ihad'uid And alio hastily ( opened a drawer fu thccabinot, broughtout and laidboddo my ring another, identical in ftp- poarnnco— l4my fatheris 1 4, \;. 4i Who wasyour father?,". > \ > _ . 44 First 'toll .me ,how Vou becamo p08aeM0d" of this ring,44 M s - » - . . i;: 'i' I alowly, and amid many interrupting ex clamations and interrogations, went over the circunwtancps already related, and finished by laying before' her tho scribbled no to and tho . paper representatives of twenty thousand - pounds. (Would to hiavou I had twenty thousand fai'ihinys ! It would ho the earing of mo.) % At tlio closo she touched a spring in ono of . thu ritiga — her ring— when tho breast of tho oagloo|»oncd and display od the miniature of a, % noble-looking man iu tho prime of lifo, tho . . couutonauce being altogctnor tho most im- ... piu-sivo I had over scon ; uud performing the , same operation with my ring, she showed it to . contain the. portrait of a Dcnulii'ul woman, young, and strikingly like herself. 14 Theso," she said' 44 are my father and my mother us thoy wcro in happv duya Unit I c&n-; . not reraemlrar. O/ten have 1 heard my mother - say that thoy hud rings precisely uliko, con- taming tboir portraits, as you &oe;, und that , my father connidorod them a unique pair." 44 That is enough.44 1 said ; 4 you liave proved that of which I had no doubt. I rccogiusod in . your mother nud yonrself tho rightful owner of - , the ring nud tho coutonts of the box.4' - "No, no,448hosttid; 44 1 cannot tuko all that ' . raoueV. thouch I firmly bcliovo my father placed tho pnperB thoro and sent them to my mothor. But"— and tears filled hor oyes— 44 1 luivo just .. . lost ray mother; it can never benefit Arr." f I impulsively took hb hand. She gently with drew it, and said 44 Now, in return, lot mo toll you wy story, ... somo things in which, if they do not ultogotlier . cxplnin, may throw some light on youro," 44 My fnthor4s nnmo waa Martin Suliwurzborg, imd iny mother's Beatrice Allen. I hardly re- tneinhor iny father. My clbar idea of luiu must. . ' liuvo bcon derived from his portrait in thiu ring, ; und my inothor's frequent talks about liim. Ho was a Gorman, nml was in this oouutry pro secuting somo inquiries In connection with tho study which citgrossed him— that of uuimol jnugnotisni— when ho mot my- mother. Thucon- ... sequence was n mutual pusaioiu They woro miiri'icd, find lie settled hero.. Thoy enjoyed, v my mother said, for .it year or1 two miclmidod felicity, when he began To dovelop a siiirit of # jealousy wlucli threatened to destroy tboir huupincss. Ho got tlio reputation of having soiW upou wrtnin Hccruts of nature niore firmly lluin any othor. man, which brought around him umuy puoplo interested in tho naiuo questions as himself. Concerning ono after another of thcHe, with whom iny mother could not avoid coming in contact, no indulged iu flta of the inost; ground- le:'B su.'picion. A period of alternating imscry und happiness, in which days of violent anger und upbraiding were succeeded by intervals of contrition, won brought to a climax, ono day when, in a storm of pasHlnn, ho left her,- ' swearing ho would newer look upon her iuco again. And ho uovcr did. 44 My mother, thus deserted, rnado noma attempts to triice him ; but she bad often1 been so ovorcomo with dread of him, atid-BO disliked . his associatoH and nuisuiiu— wliicli, oh 1 havo oaid, were of a mysterious nature, bearing upon. ' the occult powers by which ono mind cau in- fiueiice another— that she acquiesced the more. . easily in Iicr ilbsueccss. Thu cruel part was that she was left with very slender resources; I was hut a ehihl then, hut ever siuco I can ro- member we lind to live in small housosf and my moilier had to do iiuedlowork to assist in-main- turning UK. . Sho iimnaueU herself to givo mo a good education, nml, mihmj growing up, I- havo been ubio by art- work to lighten hor burdun cmibideruhly. Her small iiiifopundout inuoiuo ; him died with her, nud I am j tiufc now consider ing wliut I had best do iu my chunged circum- slauces.'4 ' 41 You may now cense, of course, to bo iuixIouh on that point,44 I remarked. 44 Well, I have now to relate some norsdmil experiences"— und here shu smiled uud blushed \-- 44 almost the counterpart of your own, ami which will explain the manner in which- 1 re ceived v«ui at tho door. In tho spring What did you wiy was llio date of your first droion or vision?" I gave her the dale. Sho opened a small inomorunduru book, aud, . after containing it, continued: 44 On that very sumo day I wnssilting sowing ut this tulilo, my mother resting on heroeuch, wliV.n all at once I seemed to full into u dream state. J. usu the phm>o for want of a better to describe uuy sonsationH. # Intervening obstacles Doomed tolobotlioir solidity, mid fur awuy at the end of avis fit, vet so disiiuct luto give the feeling of muiruess, 1 saw a faco gazing at me with— iiB if Well, with an earnest, ft-iondly gaze. How long this lusted I cuunot tell, but grad- , unity tho face dimmed, tho viata. closed, and with a bhivor I found myself silting as beforo, with tho work iu my hands, and tlio room. every way tho same. Several ti.iio.-i thercaitor this recurred at intervals of about tlirou days, and then tho visitations censed as unaccountably as . thoy had Imgnu. The luce I saw you-'S, so you iiiuy well holiuvo tliat when I motyoul- whh rather startled. Yet I had coma to think of yott as a friend." 44 Pray continue to think of iuo as such,44 1 iutorjoctcd, . . . : ; < a ml iviiR lint an miiRii HiirnriHOU tis muiht oo supposed at finding you to bo a substautial reality, nud not a iiioru pliunlom -of the beam." 44 Ami, now," sho added, 44 1 linvo, jimt to tlmiik you sincerely for all the trouble yon havo been at on our— u» my account. I iuu -very ghul . to got tho ring." . , . You think, then, that it inunt havo noon vour father who occupied my pluco of work soino ten years ago and wrotu thuBO wordo?" 44 It could bo no other person, l.havo sr-cn his signature to other paponi, and Lboughmoro distinct , thoy much resembled Uuh." 44 Having got tlio clue, I think 1 oaii.truco tho letters, und loriu them into Martin. Schwarz- \But lliut monoy ! You must at leant tuko a lurgortharo of il." .. 4iO«rluinly not. 1 will, howovor, U you wish, tuko charge of it iu tho inotiuhiuo, und boo you agniii soon. Where will. I bo likely to get a lodging nearfura duy or two? Is thoro no place nearer thuii O— ?" Sho hesitated, and then sind: ' 44 1 thiuk lit Joniitlum .Criua|rn— along tho luito which strikes to the rigid, al'tur- you pass tho lodge gate," 1 found Jonathan Crump!, but iiutoud of . pestering him with quoHUuun about 1uh waggons, I merely asked for a bud.i. Aconifnrtatblo bad- room, utu moduruto rent, whs placed ut my dm posiii us long us I ehoho to occupy it. And now ensuedatov/ \v< eku which proved tlio most blissful of :uy life. , Kacbhucceeding day foui/auiiobouuloIJeatrico, tho 44 lovo dreum" rapidly-becoming it sweoter reality. Somutiiues I i?it iosido nor iuilie 44 dream-room,'4 sojuotiuioH wo rumbled tOL'ntlior iiiniU tlio bi'uuiiful' scoitury ol tlio iieigliboiirhood,- taking at first of her plans lor the future, thwi of Win past, and then of anyihiug that su'guHteiJ itself. Tho nioi u 1 knew hir iiiu uiciro i.lov/iwthor. I found, inip tttimiinr with licreeablu inil horiniiidiui uiiltiviitml us .Iwr iuco nn Lvsutitui und lior liuru uriiciiful, ' AtlsiiKtli .ouoiliiyX ssiu toiunr: . ,v . ' " You ruiiioiiilwryau wiBhinV mu to slisro that ! inonoy withiyou ?" " Yob — yus — null '' ; " And I rufusod. Wliat iti I now B»y tlmt I. umwillin#?" " It would jilonf. tno-voc, much. . " But :what if I udil'U. owuditiou ?" "Wlat?" / " That I get itr. owner v-%ng wiih \t" ; Sho oooiloil nf i) to spoiJt to lot mo know that ' my condition was ucooptofl. ' '' Wc httvo now. spout miuiy hupnjr years as 1 huslxuul ami -wifo, awl often talk over tho straaaa and mystorious oocurroncoa' which.;, lire uyilt us together.— IVcelclg Budget, 