SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS. •••-"•' Photographs liare lately been taken of tlie two interesting old- astronomical instruments at the PeTan Observatory. These • instruments are the most, ancient of the Jcmd xn tlie world, hanng been made by order of the EmperorKuMai Klian mtlie year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of bronze -work, and are in splendid condition, although • they have- been exposed ' to the •weather for more than six hundred years. Dr. Wiehelmi, of_Gustro\v, Germany, strongly, recommends that.incases -of- lead poisoning a small quantity of blood should be talren from the aim. He has practiced this treatment .m twenty-fire cases; and speaks waimly of the success- he-has met with; the patients in some cases expressing themselves as-greatly relieved immediately after the operation, and the affection taking a marked change lorlhe better from that time. :• -. What is called " tJie ice-bag treatment 1 ' of internal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and various other ailments, has come into considerable LTOgue. on. the continent of Europe and. has been introduced into England. It consists m laying an impervious bag filledwith pounced ice upon the lungs and. other afieeted parts. : Eminent English physicians oppose^ the ^-practice on the {ground that the chill induced-by the ice-: bag weakens the vitality of the parts to winch it is applied, and retards instead of accelerating the recovery -of the patient.: : The AbbfiKolletJiasalmys-been claimed by the &enfchjas; the,precursor»f EVanbHii m the discovery of eleclnpity. And now a book has been 'foundin Italy, -written by a Venetian doctor,. Eusebio . Ignario, ^ and published in 1746, two years before the discoveries of Abbd Sollet, of which the title . is v Electricity',' :i or the dSlectnc "Force of Bodies." It contains facts extremelv curious for the'epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is iliis characteristic" paragraph: ".What- \- fatal surprise.awaits the firstexperimenter who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning, will succumb a victim of-his own curiosity.-' > \- Apexes have enthusiastic advocates. One of them, writing for the Country Gentleman, says: " It is mot claimed for ;the apple that it is a complete food xn itself, but on the food list it possesses a value far above the nutrients it furnishes. Apples .aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating them,after, rather than-before. 1 .meals. ; If one feels.that he has eaten more dinner than is compatible with his-after comfort, he will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford greater relief than an alcoholic (hmk or a- drug-storeprescnption." In the Pacific Coast region there are now four flourishing colonies of-introduced pheasants. -The most northerly of these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near Yietona; the second in Protection Island in Puget Sound; the third at the junction of the Willamette Biver with the Columbia; and the fourth m the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. The two iatter rcolonies* are? now separated by so narrow a .stop of territorythat they will doubtless become united "during the- next few years. All the pheasants of: the three colonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge 0. N. Benny. - . Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are-described, as being of a very-simple -nature^ the one' consisting--merely of an iron rod, about five -inches long, .leaning -slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with- its lower pointed end m a cup. Whena shock or tremor occurs, the rod fells away from jts support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact-and-ruiging a' hell. In the other instrument,-, the ling is- connected • v,-ith .n.- jimg(i/i. ]r-vAr. 'trivui^enjcilt. -winch stopB the mechanism of a-tnne-piece, showing when the earthquake shock occurred; A bhtgux.au Asiatic: people called the Akas, who live .among the hills north of Assam, dm the barbs of their-arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is made to pluck out: the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in the -wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually, falls, after running a few yards, when he has been struck by one. Some of. the superstitions of the Akas are curious.. If a river runs between" an Aka's house and. his burymg-place, ins soul can never-go home after death: This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by. stretching a string across the stream that -divides :tlie grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold: ms given him. -. Db. W. B. BichAedsos, m an article on " The Physiology of Good and Evil," says: " Let us:iiret look on the ideal of goodness or perfection.- Tlie scientific view of human jierfection is strict and plain. Men of science of. all men, fail to see any human representative- who.:.i6 the. .perfection of goodness:: To them there is but One perfect and truly- sane intelligence, whose immensity none can conceive,,whose power none can measure, whose : goodness none can : comprehend; all space. His Heaven,-jail energy His«xistence,-:all thouglitHis mmd. Men: of - science of the strictest truth holdm most precious memory their own., children of gemusj their discoveries, their - martyrs; but tliey venture not- to compare even them. • wiih aught that is above our common humanity " • - Ik the (introductory lecture: to the aijncultural class at the'University ofJSdm- . burgli, delivered* at the opening of the \- present session; Professor Wallace-. surges \- that sheep farmers in .Great pntam-will • - shortly -feel the -effects of rivalry with the flock-mastersof Australia. There are V 100,000,000 slieep.; in". -Australia, SnOstly merinos, which are not, by the -way. a : -flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. Professor-Wallace hazards th§ opinion that, before many: years have passed, Australia \- will -be possessed of over 200,000.000. He : . . makes, also, the astonishing statement that meiino niutf on is equal m fiavour-andtexture-to tlie ibest HiglilandjVelsli, or Soutli- -do-sni miitt-on. Upontliesetwoassumxitions he foretells'calamities to" the-jneat-producers -of. his: country which-his,.countrymen hope he will not live to fee Craiious Expebxment.—X)r. ; Gallon •"• A tells us of an experiment he. made in an • aquarium with-i two fish;- It was divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent and therefore 'invisible to tlie fish In one division - there was a pike, m -:•- the other a gudgeon. - Every time, the pike ' saw the gudgeon he rushed to seize liim, but every tune hewas stopped by the plate of glass- • He-did :iiot leam Soon, hut for -several monthsmadethisjiish^iandliniised lus nose against the glass Finally, he came to -understand .that for some reason i inscrutable-to his intelligence he could not seize the gudgeon.-and inen lie save- ifciip. He now swam about eeing-tbe gudgeon constantly, but paving no attention. iu it. flien tlie plate of glas w removed ^In made no difference/ tliepikei:,cli(l not attempt lo take tlie gudgeon He had acquired the habit oT leaving tlie gudgeon •alone Tlie conundrum -woulii-lnsde ;?scendantsinheiit-.t;hat-jiabit- or,fj)ossess-5tiieonginal impulse of their land - 1 JHu«tia— tionc of <tlns kind or showing the operatio of the principle of acquired inheritance are •nhatMr Walton wants 