I CHAPTER XXIV. IKY ADTKXTL'ftES JLXOXO THE VZXZL riS:iEC3, AMD ICY ESCAPE FftOV THE FLEET. AU time *e were beating gaily up t windward in oompany with our consort, botl T>»aU proceeding at much the name rate, nnc frequently baiting each otlicr and aailinj. nearly alongside. On the third day from that of our departure, we saw upon our right towering in great blue mama* out of the soa the high land of 8anta Martha. Mariner say that it is higher than the Peak o TenoriSo, and that when the weather U ver clear there is a certain circuit of the C.irib bean aea, not r far. from . hence, where from the top# of a lofty vessel. you may an atoooe the distant ridges of Hispaniola, thi Blue Mountains of Jamaica, and the Peak oi Santa Martha upon the main land. Thi next day, the ooast line being far distant and being cloven, as it' were, by thcgmai river Del* Hnetis, which here cornea inti Aa' aeft, wsf Mw riding, at anchor sqnadiwa . ol MftU' iMp*.; .WeMirief: etUl Well a; “e. thw watar bawaath • ••JB*'. waa,uf f] dwp Muer }*rwfeart the Peart-Fleet (-* eaeh thay ware, iay, the him of the m if*', gtarioua ai . stately frigate, which protected them r lying-to. * .*! That is tbo convoy of the Pearl Fleet,’ ) said Garbo; "wo must first speak to her ' end sho will allot our station on the bunk." | And, in fact, as ho talked, tho great III full' I top-sail of tho Spanish ship was filled, one i her bows, failing oif from the wind anti | pointing to us, she moTed slowly out to meel ua* A9 drew near, I could not heir i thinking that this was tho same ven-el which i had chased tho “ Will-o’-thc-AVisp." At any rate, she had tho same richly-carved bows, full of figures of angels and saints, and the satno goodly fabric of rigging towering up i against tho blue sky. Presently, she hove-te again, our small sails being becalmed under her lee, aud Captain Garbo, with two of his men, went aboard her in the small canoe which tho barquocarriod. As for myself, I did notcaro to trust my nock on board a Spanish man-of-war. Indeed, I kept as much out of sight as I very well conld, pretending to be busy about a thousand little matters on board tho barquo. I noted, however, that tho Spaniard boro twelvo great guns upon either side, besides double batteries upon forccastlo and poop. Her high decks swarmed with men, who scrambled over into her chains and out at her port holes, and chatted with the Spanish part of the barque's crew, and mocked and gibed at Wooroo as ho sat upon his hams ou the deck, taking no more notice of what was said to him than the mast. Presently the captain returnod .with a card in his hand, whereon was inscribed tbo station of tho barquo upon the bank. Each boat had its own appointed place; and tho frigate was there not only to protect tho fleet against buccaneers, lmt . to enforce the rules which tho Spanish Government, to whom tho fishery belongs, lays down to ho observed by the barques which prosecute it. The pearl bank extends for a great many miles in length and ono in breadth, there being a deep channel about tbreo or four leagues broad between its inmost edge nnd tho land. Our position was towards tho eastern extremity of tho bank, and so wo beat up towards it, passing many of tho anchored boats, who hailod us cheerily, nnd asked what news from Curthagcna. As wo sailed along, wo saw tho divers, all of them eithor Indian or negroes, standing often upon the edgo of tho boats, poising their bodies for a moment, and then plunging head-foremost down into tho sea. Some of tho fleet were more deeply laden than othors, that depending upon the number of tho oysters which chonoed to lie scattered under each boat. As soon as the cargo is mado up, the pearl fisherman weighs, hoists his lug sails, and runs in for tho shore; but if tho frigate fires two guns, ono close after tho other, ho must lic-to, until a boat from tho big ship comes and gives him leave to proceed. Although tbo rule, however, is, that each boat fishes and sails for itself, without attouding to ita neighbours, yet the oouvoy ala-ays tries as far as possible to arrange matters, so that the fleet may nil in a body to tho shore, tho frigate attending them to wind ward. If it he suspected that there are Buccaneers upon the coast, the ordinary rule is, indeed, altogether suspended, and no boat is permitted to weigh anchor until thn commodore fires a gun and hoists a bluo flag at his foretop-gallant-mast head, when tho wholo squadron run gaily together lor th c Rauchiera, as the pearl village is called, upon the banks of the Rio do la Hacha. When wo joined tho fleet no dangjr was however, suspected, and by the time that wo had taken our (tation, and let tho anchor splash from tho bows, sbont half the barques which wore deepest in tbo water had weighed; and hoisting their brown patched sails, scudded away before the hut of the sea-breeze. As soon as it became dark each boat hoisted a lantern to ita mast-head; the frigate showing two, cine above the other, in the fore top-gallant rigging. The night was calm and stilly Every now and then wo would the water from distant barqnes ; and, as hour after hour passed away, it was marked by the clang of tho great ship’s bell. Mean time, on board bur bsrquo we were busy preparing for to-morrow's fL-hing. The waste was cleared oat, and the decks fore and aft lumbered with the coils of rope and old canvas, flung aside to nude room for the expected overflow of oysters. Then the baskets to be used in lifting them from the bottom of the ■ sa, strong cages of thick wire, all rusty sud bent, were prepared; the tackle was rigged, and lines were affixed to heavy pieces of lead, furnished with handle* tor the divers to grasp, so as to sink the quicker to the bottom. These prepaiati ins over, wo cooked and ate our suppers und turned in, leaving hat one hand ou deck for an anchor watch, as sailurs call it. “ Now," thought I, as, according to my custom, instead of crawling into tho little cabins, which were not miu-h better thin the hold of the ship which bad carried Wooroo from Guinea, 1 laid mv.-eli down on deck, well muffled up in old sails,to keep the heavy dews away: "Now," thought I, " I hive heard of tings and qaeens who slept oil beds whereof tho curtains were heavy with pearls, all glittering in tiieir lustre abovo them, but here am I now, nnd here be a fleet of us poor sea-tossed mariners, sleeping upon a bed with more pearls beneath and aruuud us than there are in tho treasuries and the thrones, and on tho royal bo-l-curlams to boot, of Loudon, or Paris, or Madrid.” 1 know not whether the kings nnd queens whereof I hsvo spoken slept the Iretter fertile pearls above them; I know I slept well with | pearls below me, being indeed favoured, perhaps, by St. Giernnimo, with n vision in which I saw the Will-o’-tbo-'\VisD sud denly nnpear in the midst of the Pearl Fleet and engago the Spanish frigate, Stout Jem, himself, lighting in single combat with tho captaiu, and at length, by ono stout thrust, pinning him to his own mainmast; when just as I was about to spring forward to haul down tho golden flag of Spain from the man-of-war's topmast, a loud voice, cominir from real flesh nnd blood lungs, smote my ear, nnd, starting up, I saw Captain Gari»o and the rest scrambling through tho hatchways in their shirts, while the anchor watch* was shouting lustily that there was a strange vessel rowing with sweeps through.the fleet, and that he had even heard the muttering of tho voices on board of her. At this, I confess very willingly, tny heart made a leap into my mouth. Was ray dream a true vision-—was Stout Jem, indeed, so near! Wo all lr.-ld our psaoc and listened, but we heard nothing. : ft was now quite dark. The night had got cloudy, and there were neither stirs nor moon. The air, too, was quite still; and the tap-tap of tho water against tho ridges of overlapping planks on tho clinker-built side of the txiat, as sho nicked slowly on the swell, was tho only sound we could distinguish. Tho lights of the other barque* were gleaming on the dark ocean, and tho two lanterns of the frigate swayed slowly from side to side, os though they were meteors playing among the “ Tush, Fedro,” said Captain Garbo, “ you fell asleep, man, and dreamei you saw n.ghost. You ueservo to be dipped along side, just to waken you.” But at that moment we all started, fot suddenly there c-imo over the .water a loud crash, as of two ship’s meeting, followed nil at once .by a crackling volley of musketry, which glanocd bright through tho darkness, gleaming in fiery streaks over tho black, oilv* looking water, and then, mingling with the reports of the firearms, a great, hearty cheer, such ns Englishmen give when - they leaj upon tho'decks of an enemy. By the flasher we saw that ono of tho largest and heavies! , laden of the pearl barks had been laid aboard by a very long, low-built '• boat with thre* raking 'masts, liko those of the vessels which the Frcnth nail chaw-mni'tri, and moved b) a number of great aareepa, which extended [ from her sides like the long leg«of some bugi insect of the sea. ... >■ . 1*0 Maoimvun.) 