HOBS GHOST STOEIEB. ! In the current volume of the ' Pro ceedings of the Society, of Psychical Research,'- Mr, Myers gives us another assortment of particularly weird and well-authenticated ghost, stories,- to gether with an exceedingly ingenious essay, in which he attempts to con struct a complete pnuosopny or phantasmal appearances. Though the majority of mankind 'will , require a deal stronger evidence than that actually adduced to make them believe in Mr. Myers's conclusions, it must be admitted that*. if his -premises are granted, his theory explains the apparent difficulties and inconsistencies of the various, phenomena of ghostly manifestations better than any \ other which has ever been- put forward. His hypothesis is, in reality, as purely chimerical as the facts upon which, it is based : but its lack of ' RubstantiaHtv ie due to the unsoundne^s of the premises rather than , to any .want of abstract logic. Were the stories he has collected of thought transference, and of apparitions of the dead, as true as Mr. Myers believes them to be, it would be difficult to object to his ex planation. But this being so, his conclusions are necessarily, interesting to all those who are not prepared to dismiss every ghost story as pure nonsense. Persons who, with . Dr. Johnson and Sir Walter. Scott, prefer to hold a dubious mind as to the return of disembodied spirits will, therefore, most certainly be not a little attracted to Mr. Myer,'s paper an ' Recognised Apparitions occurring more than a Year after Death.' Though . we cannot quote here any of the thrilling statements made to ,the secretary, of £he Psychical Society, we may attempt to state Mr. Myers's explanation of the phenomena recorded. In the first place, ho assumes that the evidence already .collected by. ..the 'Psychical Society proves that a living, person can, under certain circumstances, succeed in projecting an image of himself upon the mind of another individual at a distance. For instance, he mentions as well authenticated the fact that a certain Baron vonNotzing, in waking conditions, desired to impress himself, upon a person out of sight, and succeeded in doing so. When, however, he did so, he was unable to tell whether he had or had not, in the particular case, accom plished his object. Now, if we suppose that a deceased person — a dis carnate or disembodied intelligence — has this power of projecting a mental picture on some living mind, without, however, being conscious of having done so, we shall have what is at least a conceivable explanation of a phantasm of the dead, and one which will account for the apparent aimless nesB and inconsequence of many such appearances. The ghosts are, . as it were, but the dead man's dreams — ? dreams which, though be may not be aware of it, impress , themselves upon such living persons as. enter into them and are susceptible of the particular influences exerted. To put the same theory from another point of view, if we assume that the departed are .capable, of memory in regard to their past, the fact of their recollection may influence the world in which thev once lived. ' If the dece dent recollects scenes which he has known, then wa may conceive that this recollection, of his may become somehow perceptible ito other minds.' It would seem, however, that Mr. Myers does not consider that the dis embodied spirit consciously attempts to hold communication with the world lie has left. Rather, he considers that a portion of man's consciousness — of his intellectual essence — may become, as it were, detached from the central personality, and haunt the locality or the persons to which its force is directed. Every individual is, he believes, a bundle of different per sonalities. 'No known current of man's consciousness exhausts his whole consciousness, and no known self manifestation expresses man's whole potential being ;' and this may hold good for disembodied as for embodied spirits. Living minds offer us ex amples of fugitive and unstable com munications between widely different strata of personalities. Why, then, should not the manifestations of the departed— being, as they are, 'com- munications between states of being almost impassably disunited' — be equally wanting in 'conscious or central currents of intelligence 1' To illustrate his meaning, .Mr. ..Myers takes the pathetic words of A-chiiies : ' There is spme soul and wraith even in Hades, but there is no heart in them,' and declares that when., put into modern phraseology this means — ' Influence and images generated by the dead persist among us, but have no true initiative nor objective reality.' In other words, a ghost is but a particular ' manifestation of persistent personal energy.' The central intelligence, the 'ego,' may: have left. the world, but some faint trace of its existence is still visible among us. ? Just as we are conscious of the material works of dead men's hands, and see the - walls and towers they built,, so those who are endowed with the necessary sensitiveness can perceive tbe mental impressions which they bave left behind them. To take up again Mr. Myers's illustration from the Greek. Plotinus declares that it was only the shade of Herakles that Achilles saw in the house of Hades. The true Herakles was 'in a more sacred place,' and only the shadow of bis -soul was visible to men. We gather, then, that Mr. Myers, as the result of the evidence which he. has collected, holds that ghosts are to be regarded, as we have said before, either as the results of tie dreams or ] the memory of dead men, or else as I '- manifestations, of p epuBte'dt personal energy'— tbatie, as detached fragments of the humian personality, which survive on earth for a time. . , - Doubtless, there is a dwlectical charm and dexterity about , these theories, ^hicb', jpake ,t^eni extremely fascinating, and which, as long flff, *wei refrain, from, examining . 'the premises on which they rest, make them appear as the best possible explanation of the: so-cailed facts. Unfortunately, -bow- ever,- it is essential, in'1 all such ? dis cussions, to begin by « strict scrutiny of the basis of argument. But if we do this, Mr. Myers's brilliant hypothesis becomes , pothing but the - ' baseless fabric ci a vision,' which melts at .the first touch of reality, To begin- with, it is -necessary to challenge in tbe most 4-Tun-kl«l-A' «tf-LV TWHuntkia hie ? aoanmntarkna as to thought transference between persons at a distance. Even if we acceptor. Charcot's experiments on partially imbecile patients, and hold that it is possible to suggest thoughts and images to a person in a' hypnotic trance, we need not, therefore, conclude that the transference of thought be tween individuals at. a distance is proved, for the evidence, .upon whioh the latter contention Bests-is by no means of the same positive or un questionable nature. Again, we shall want something much stronger than the! stories collected by. Mr. Myers ';to convince us . that tbe appearancas chronicled by his informants are any thing . but the outcome of - an over-; wrought brain or a disordered stomach. There are hundreds of people of both sexes who, though they pass their lives in seeing, or in fancying they -see, objects which have no : substantial ex istence, can nevertheless be . shown to be merely the victims of Borne optical nervous delusion. The habitual prac^ tice of opium- eating or ' dram-drinking will produce a crowd . of visions . quite as remarkable ana* quite as authentic as those communicated to Mr. Myers and his society. No doubt many of bis informants declared that the in stances related by them were their first and only hallucinations. Very likely this statement is perfectly ; true, and may. account for the great importance attached by them to. the incident. Coleridge, when he was asked whether he believed in ghosts, replied that he did not, and gave as his reason for dis belief that he had seen too many of them. His mental and physical con dition made him liable at all times' to such illusions, and- he had therefore grown capable of disregarding them] A person, however, who for a few days or hours only become liable to halluci nations would naturally be unable to take so prosaic a .view of the question ; but arguing from . his or her usua state .of ..health, would deem it im possible that the vision could have been merely subjective. ' That the ghosts in Mr. Myers's stories -were first seen by one individual and then by others is any confirmation of their truth seems to us a highly illogical conclusion. If A imagines he has seen a ghost, and tolls the fact to B. with every circum stance -of horror and panic,- B has un questionably been placed in the best possible condition for imagining that he sees the same ghost in the same place at the .same hour. But, though we cannot express any. belief .other than that Mr.' Myers's inquiry will end in failing to establish the existence of apparitions, we can fully appreciate the work of the Psyahioal Society. — Standard. ''. ''' ''.V, -, \ . DISCOVERY OF A HEW TEST A- MENT MANtTBOBIPT. Thb Record has, the ? following :—' We have reason to believe that a disoovery ,o equal importance to New Testament scholars with tliat which gave Codex Aleph to the world has just been made. The rumour current in well-informed quarters credits tbe new find to Bryennioa, the learned Arohbishop of Nicomedia. The completion of the Epistle of Clement of Home and the unique manuscript of the Teaching of the Apostles have made him famous for duooveries, even in this age of disoovery. But if the rumour lhat has come to us be true— and we think there are good reasons lor believing it to be so— his name will be more' closely identified with the -New Testament itself. It is said that, in some Turkish library at Damascus he has found a manuscript of tbe New Testament dating from about the middle of the fourth century— tie., of the same antiquity as the Codex Sitiaiticuu. Indeed, some apprehensions are felt, whether it is not altogether too much like' the Sinoitio manuscript to bo of the phenomenal , .importance . that another totally independent manuscript of the same age would t-o. If, as it is said, and we are,Dot yet(in a position to speak of it as more than a, rumour, the new Codex resembles the jSinaitio. not only- in the additional books .that are appended to li the Epistle of Barnabas and the Shepherd of Hernias {we wonder whether, unlike the Sinaitic, it contains all the latter) — but also tho peculiarities of text, it would seem to be. almost a duplicate of the Sinaitic, both, forming, perhaps, part' of an edition issued lor the common . use of the . Palestinian Church. . But, even ' if this should prove to be the case, it would tend to show that the general type of text represented by it and the f aw older niamiBcriptB was more commonly accepted than .the defenders of the Received Text allow it to have been, and may perhaps help to reassure those strange ex ponents, of criticism who make much' of the question of numbers in the authorities' for a reading. To the school of Westoott and Hort we should ?suppose that twenty or thirty duplicates of the Sinaitic would make but little differenoe, save as confirming the correct ness of their, theory, but to those timid critics to whom numbers are of importance it would v probably ' be really helpful. Whether or not the new manuscript (if it exists) be only a contemporary duplicate or an independent witness, the civilised world will await fuller particulars with extreme interest.' A very old lady on her death-bed, in a penitential mood, eaid, 'I have been ? groat sinner for more than sixty yean, and -didn't know it' An old darkey woman who lid Hired with her a long time, exclaimed : ' Laws ! I knowed it all the time.' 