Concert at Petersburg. A concert in aid of the funds of the Petersburg Cricket Club was given in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening last. The attendance was very good; the front seats being all utilised, and the rear of the hall well filled. Had the committee anticipated such a full house they would doubtless have made better provision for their patrons. As it was many who took front seats were unable to procure chairs, and had to be content with the forms. The audience was an appreciative one, and encores were numerous. The fol- lowing capital programme was carried to a successful issue:— Overture (piano and cornet) ... Messrs Limbert and Rowe Song—Keiser do yon want to buy a dog? ... Mr Gluyas Solo—Tit for tat ... Mrs Norvill Song—Queen of the Earth ... Mr Belcher Solo—Romany Lass ... Miss Cummings Duet (in character)—Gendarmes... Messrs Cheek and Limbert Step Dance ... ... Mr Gluyas Solo—Sweet Nightingale... Miss McGillick Song (in character}—Killaloo ... Mr Mowatt Solo—All Halloween ... Miss Inglis Song—My Irish Jaunting Car ... Mr Elsey Solo—Daddy ... ... ... Mrs Opey Song—Don't take any Notice — Mr A. Cheek Overture (piano and cornet) Messrs Limbert and Rowe Solo—Take me home Barney Miss McGillick Song—I say, Cabby... ... Mr Sonnemann Solo—The Silver Rhine ... ... Miss Inglis Song—I owe ten shillings to O'Grady Mr Mowatt Solo—Jessie's Dream ... ... Miss Brady The entertainment concluded with the laughable farce, "Barnum's Ball," the cast being as follows:— Slim Jim (from Baltimore) ... Mr G. Elsey P. T. Barnum (The Great American Showman) Mr T. Pardy Representative of the Press Mr R. B. Scholefield Paganini (Leader of Orchestra) ... Mr A. Cheek Mose (A New York Fireman) ... Mr W. Spicer Richard III ... ... Mr Mortimer Hamlet's Father's Ghost ... Mr. F. C. Ide Maid with the milking pail, Mr R. Von. Bertouch Liza (Mose's wife) ... ... Mr A. Woods Lady Macbeth ... ... Miss Lily Sibley. At the close of the concert a public ball was held in the hall, and dancing kept up until an early hour Thursday morning. The financial results were, we are informed, very satisfactory, and elsewhere the com- mitte express their acknowledgments to the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly assisted to make both concert and ball a success. 