GHOST SCARES. ( f-ondon , Standard, August 8.) The 'Ghost Bcare,' which is the lateBt of Berlin seuBations, has assumed It would appear, tbe churacter of an epidemic. A silly or hysterical girl fancied tbat Bhe bad seen a ghost, and immediately half her schoolfellows, and the childreu al a scon of other schools, were afflicted witb a Bimilar delusion. Now the mania bas reached tbe suburbs, ana is spreading so last tlist it Is alreaay giving alarm to the educatiouul dig nitaries. In one school a girl, frightened by a flapping of a window curtain, com municated her nervousness to the rest of the scholars, until something like u panic enBUeii. Tbe 'authorities' it is added, ' buve Ukeo vigorous measures to allay the excitement.' What these por tentous measures may be, «n.l how far they will bo successful, remains to be seen. For it is clear tbat this folly, as unsympathetic people will b' inclined to term it, is uctually a nervous dis' !»e akin to hysteria, and, as in previous outbreaks of a simiiar kind, may end abruptly, or run its coursednriug un indefinite period. Like otber nervous maladies, It is more prevalent among the girls than boys, und as the stanchest advocate of the germ theory cannot by any possibility attri bute its spread lo microbe or a bacillus, ' moral contagion'' is the only method by wbicb it can tie propagated, In other words, tbe force of example acis upou brains weakened by general debility, or overstrained by Btudy or excitement. It has often been noticed in a hospital ward or in a factory, where many young women are congregated, tbat if one girl goes off in a fit, all tbe others wbo may chancu to have a hysterical tendeuey will probably follow suit. The dancing mania of the Middle Ages. t :i Tarantism of Italy, aud the many forms which religioUB excitement takes, or Ioif taken, in our ova and other cnuin rh s are phenomena of a similar character Suicide- has eveu followed t ;s Course. If one insane or half insane person throws himself over a bridge, the *' immoral contagion' will spread so quickly that in tbe cnnw of a few weeks there will tie m rapid sue cession of imitators. The suggys.ion ol example is too mucb for tiie feeble or hysterical intellects of the suicid-'-. aod until tbe epidemic is checked hy the ap pearance of a fresh idea it will continue it: a more or lesB spasmodic fashion. Iu the instance quoted tbe unhappy penile might be regarded as inBane. Yet it i.~- hard to dfstfnuuinh hetweeu madii' Hs and sanity ; between actual mental dis ease and that form of nervous irritability wbiob is known by the name of hysteria. Society often gets byaterial. It goes crazy over some foible or some social lion, with out being able to give any defensible reason for its misplaced enthusiasm. There need be little hesitation in classify ing many of these short-lived outbursts as akin to tbe nervous epidemic which is at this moment sending tbe Berlin echoolgirlB half mad on tbe subject of imaginary 'ghosts.' Ghost-seeiog bas before tbis made many w iBe people look foolish, but we are not aware tbat it has ever partaken of tbe nature of an epidemic. For even the belief iu Scratching Fanny and tbe Cock-lane apparition was never hysterical. But many other ideas bave at variouB times spread by sympathetic infection uutil they became plagues as octual as the cholera or tbe Black Death. The eigh teenth century craze of tbe Couvuloiou aries was a case in point. It began, harmlessly enough at first, by a few zealots Indulging in prayers und preach ings at tbe tomb of Francis of Paris, in the ohurchyard of St. Medardius. But It soou spread until those afflicted with tbe convulsionary hysteria rolled about \- on the ground, imitated birds beasts, und fishes^ and geuerully acted in a fashion which reminds us of tbe Barlmry Assouiaa or of tbe Dancing Dervishes of tbe far Eost. Imprisonment had little effect upon them. Tbe mania bad to run its course ; and unlike many other absur dities of the kind, managed to survive tbe Revolution, an occasional Convu.' sionary being heard of in country places well into this century. In tbis case, it was tr»e tbat one folly kills snelber, since as Voltaire put it, the tomb of Francis was the grave nf Jansenism. The Convulsiouaries were, however, fanatics — or shall we say hysterics? — of i mild order compared with some wbo bad pre ceded them. Amoug these the victim-- of the dancing mania of tbe fourteenth and fifteenth centuries were, perhaps, the.moBt notorious. Convulsive affections bave been witnessed io Abyssinia. India, and iu various European communities. But tbe true dancing mania took shape, and reached its height, among the Ger man cities at a period \v hen tbe Empire was in a miserable condition from arbi trary rule, corrupt morals, insecurity of property, want of fond, and tbe grossest superstitution. Tbe frenzy attacked both men and women, |but more particularly the latter, who wben tbe manii. seized tbem began to dance on thn street ? screaming and foaming like per sons ' possessed.' All control over tbeir actions was lost, and even tbe instinct ?-! self-preservation was often so far wsntir.g tbat the hysterics would dash out the i brainsagainst stone walls. Tbe epidemic character of this mental mania was proved hy the speed witb whicb It spread From Germany it passed into the Low Countries, through which I roups of dancers paesed, followed by crowd-, who in munv cases caught the iDudiii'ss, until, what with tbeir imprecations nt iiust th' priests and tbeir riotous seizure of reli gious houses, dreadful profligacy and disorder were the consequence. Iu time, however, tbe disease exhausted it self. Tarantism — wbicb, as the name signifies, was, when It first appeared, thought to he the result of bites hy the Taratitala, ot venemous spider of Southern Europe — wos some what similar to the Dancing mania. It differed, how ever, in tho victims being less violent, in tbeir partiality for shades of red, luminous surfaces, and music of any kind, and in tho possibility of curing them by tunes and songs which are still known as 'TaraMclla' in the wilder districts of Italy, where they may even yet be beard occs sionally among the peisants. In dm'.' tbis croze died away, until by the close of the seveuteenlb century very little wa* left of It. Some investigators are inBlinnd to believe that many of tbe symptoms were actually due to tbe splderV liite. But tbe Tarantula is still as plentiful in Apulela as of old, while the mental affec tion attributed to it is quite unknown. In short, everything that, we learn ubout the malady shows it to have been ooin taglous by example, wbicb, it is needless to remark, ia not the case with any disease caused by the venom of an aui mal ; tbere the poison must enter the system — as, for example, in the case ol raldeB — by means of inoculation. In the CBBe of Tarantism this was Impossible ; tho victims did not bile e«.cb other. In modern timeB meutal manias of the kind indicated are much rarer, and in their most acute forms are confined almost entirely lo the less educated or tbe Icbq intellectual classes of society. Yet they appear nl intervals, and are almost invariably connected witb religious fanaticism. Tbe morbid excite ment of 'revivals,' so-called, is often contagious, just ub was tbe fervour aroused by tbe preaching of Edward Irv ing. when, nnder the eloquence of that great man gone ustran, unlearned people 1 feucied that tbey spoke iu ' unknown tongues,' or, like the ' falth-healera' of our own times, worked miracleB by means of tbe powerful influence . which their frenzy possessed over the nervous system. It is curious tbat nearly all tbe various forms of ecstacy have been, and are still, more or less linked with religious excitement. Even tbe com paratively mild ghost-scoring mania which has broken out in Berlin is not unconnected witb tbis form of frenzy. How to cure it iB a question not easily answered. Germany is a highly-educated country, and tbe people are supposed to be blessed with more than usually pas sive Intellects Yet, strangely enough, some of the wildest hysterical manias of past times, aud most of tbe acute ones of the 'mucker' type, have either originated in, or been limited to, Prussia aud tbe otber Toutonic countries. It will lie Idel to tell the hysterical girlB tbat ghosts do not walk nowadays— that the conk-erow hifore which tbey have fled is the spi'lling-book. But it bas not infrtqueully been found that a mental dnlusmn may be cured by very pro9Bio means. A few years ago a number of morbidly-miuded women began one after tbe otber tn throw themselves Into tbe Seine, impelled evidently by tbe force of example. But no sooner did tbe Prefect of PariB auuouucn that tbe crowds wbo up to that date were permitted lo stare at their corpses iu the mortuary, or at them in their draggled fiuery, would no longer he permitted to do so, then this form of suicidal frenzy ceased. Again, it hie been noticed during an epidemic of hy- teria in a factory tbat v in n it was announced tbat tbe next girl attacked would be treated with the actual 'Coventry,' or put under the pump, the threat bad u marvellous effect in checking the spre d of the disorder. P trrcelous, iu like manner recommended thr' virtues of immersion in cold water ms a sovereign remedy iu curing the d mclng mama, ft is, therefore, not im possible bui that i lie gbostseelug craze may terminate, if the boys get a caning for the next ' bogty' they catch a glimpse of, and girls be treated to tbe nequalic exorcism found so effectual by ! .'ie Swi^s physician. 