CHAPTER XII. . ~ THE FIGURE IN WHITE', From' the low, rustic seat upon which Gilbert: had flung himself, ho could look into the bright drawing-room and hear the ninrmur of voices. u I wish Chetwynd would .fall in love with 'Sylvia," thought Monk " but he remains wedded to his fust love., . I wish he would feel bound in honor or compassion 1 to propose to Sylvia this very night. If she were very skilful I ehould think she might lead him on. I f he were really and'.ictualiy engaged to Sylvia, 1 think I could manage Bernice." - Ifc seemgd as if the fate3 were playing into his lianas that night. " While he lurked in the great conser vatory that flanked one end of the house and opened upon several Btate apartments, Sylvia sat in alow chair before the fire, her gay bit of woollen embroidery on her knee, tbe soft light falling in a flood upon ber swarthy, handsome face, red cheeks and glossy black hair, conscious that she was Looking her best, and presenting a pretty picture to the long homeless young lord; t " I am glad to be back again,'" said the marquis, his grave brows shadowed by his ceaseless unrest and bitter longings. " I thought in Abyssinia that I would give all I owned to transport myself in an instant back to this dear old home. -And now I am here^in tliQ ,rooms she brigb tened with her joyous presence, and the pain of being.bere ' is-greater than I could h'^ve dreamed. : It ..8eems-a3_:if'Bernic3/were near me, Sylvia.: I baye never had "that strauge sense of the nearness of her presence since I lost her. It seems ai if she were in these rooms-as if . ebe might appear to me at any moment-as if I,might hear her voico calling." ^ .5 That- is very natural, and veiyeasily explained;": said..'Sylvia, ,in her smooth, silveryrybi.ce.. " rbu left this place so soon after dear Bernice's death that her presence still seemed, na one might say, to pervade the house. You come back after a long absence, and everything reminds you of her. You have not grown used to the house withjj out her." /?....'- .?. _ . . "".Shall I ever get used to the house with out her asked Lord Chetwynd. jV't-Ihe edge of our. grief must . wear. _ off eom^ time," said Sylvia, softly. . " It must lose it's first sharpness, and become a vague and tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone you will find repose in your fond memories of Bernice, I love Chetwynd Park, arid all the people upon the estate. This is the only home I have in all the .wide world. Bat I must leave it.. I am gSing , away, soon, next week, if possible; and I phall never return again." " Why is thid, Sylvia? Why should you leave your home ?' "Ah, that is it," cried Syhia, passion ately. " It is .not my home. I ha»e_ r.c right here. Can you n <t see, lloy 1 Do you: not understand? You force me to; speak plainly. I have no claims upon you Ro^ and l ean' no longer live; upon your bounty, besides'," and her voice tremble'1 with the consciousncsa that she was p'ay ing her last card now; "my pood name is tnv most caeiished possession, Hoy ; it is, in truth, all I have, and people talk because I remain here." ;What do they dare to say to the pre sence of niy step sister in my house V. , " I'uey say," replied Sylvia, drooping her head still lower, "that I was cnce betrothed to you, and that you jillcd me. They siy that-that I love you s'ill, and that 1 am; staying on here in hopes to win you. And soIfmuEt go, Roy. 1 could not stay on here so long as a Fpark of true womanhood remains in me. And so-and so-I'm going." : : She covered her face and seemed to sijb/. in an. utter humiliation , and an guish. t ".There is only one way in which you can or> will remain^ I . suppose," he ex ciaimrd, impetuously, " and that is-as .my wife,", . - ^" Oli, lloy I""cried Miss- Honk, raptur ously, cresting her- head i n serpent fashion, her dull eyes burning with Jam'oent. flames/ Jbcr red checks flaming into deeper- carna tion. ,For an. instant Cbetwynd . paused, be-: wildered; '? Miss Monk .waited fw him to Ba7 more. , . He comprehended that his un guarded outburst had been . interpreted as a half proposal of marriage. lie was sick' at heart'for a brief'space., Recover ing himself; he said, with unconscious stern tiees: .; -. : " .... "Sylvia, I ncer loved'but once. My heart is bnricd with my wife. All my hopes rest in her collin. We were once betrothed.. You put an end to our engagement, as I fancied then, because you had discovered; that yon did not love me, and I married Bernice. My iuotber desired you and mc to marry each other; Bernice, dying, urged me to, marry you. Did she fancy, in that last hour,.that you loved me? The dying see clearly, it is said. Perhaps she had heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. My mother loved yon ; Bernice loved yon. I: cannot permit yoii to go forth tova life of toil and hardship. Sylvia, sister, knowing what I am, and that I have no heart to offer, will you become my wife ?". ; The color .flamed again in Miss Monk's, face. .- v.-- . .":Ob, Roy 1"she breathed again, in rap-i ture. "I love you. To be your wife is more than'l had Hoped. --/But I will devote my life to yoii; We will work together, and I know that I can bring back to you a portion at least of your lost" happi ness.". * ' Chctwynd smiled sorrowfully. "Such.a"marriage'is a one-sided affair,"; he said. .' Ihave.solittle to give in return; for your Tove.\; But I can spare you the toil. and ^hardship of a; governess's , lifei 1 I can. shield you from contact with the1 busy. world, and I will-try to make yon happy." *' . - " - ,, Miss ' Monk .arose - swiftly "and rushed; toward him,-with- her soft, undulating: movements,- and flung herself ,upon his breast. : He started back with'' a gesture of repul sion but recollecting himself folded one arm- around her. They were betrothed again, and, ho could give her at least a brother's caresses. .^ l)h, Roy, this: hour pays me'for all' I Wave endured 1" vcried Miss Monk. ," All I ask is to be allowed to make ;ycu.happy. I cannot hope ever to take the place of dear Bernice, but in time I may; come -to' fill a little niche of my own in your'heart./ I have suffered so much. My life has-been one long death witliout: you; .Take me closer, Hoy, and give mo .the kis3 of betrothal. At last-at .last,'.' she'went on, " I am yours." > Chctwynd put both arms around her, and said, in a broken voice : - "God bless you,- my promised: wife my dear Sylvia!- And may your, future hnppin ess atone for the- Borrows of your" past.'.- ; ; ' He bent his noble-head and pressed a kiss . uj) >n her willing lips. . She held him to her, shnwi'ring. kisseB. upon him in strange un reserve. - ?-..? " ? A 'sigh, a breath, a faint rustle, like the brushing of a wing or the movement of a woman's dress, came fluttering through the room. . .; V' - ' - .; Chetwynd, still holding Sylvia to his breast, involuntarily looked up. - His appalled eyes beheld a sight that held him'dumb and motionless. . He saw, standing in the wide archway of the: open sliding doors that which he be lieved; to ;be the apparition of his lost Bernice.. .t'/--' She stood against; a faintly lit back ground of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in the midst of an odorous twilight that made her seem indeed a vision from another, world. ; ; She was dressed .in white, as at her burial." C'hetwynd's fascinated eyes noted that she wore a long, white silken robe like that in wliich he .had consigned her to the' tomb. .. He recognised the peculiar fashion ing of the dress, for she had worn the one in which she had been buried, at her first, dinner at.Chetwynd Park- that memorable dinner upon the yery evening 'of. her, home coming. The low, square-cut Pompadour' corsage, with frills of= point' lace standing up about thc'slender throat and fair bosom; the short sleeves ending at tlie .elbow in a frill of lace; the bared arms: he-recognised each separate feature of thetoilet he .had tlionght so charming. ::;r y But, the face I . It was strangely changed, and y.et h'e knew it, and bis heart leaped, up within him at sight of itV Bernice had been Plain, with but; the possibility of beauty,, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, ..with the radiance of a rhre and perfect loveliness. Spellbound, .he continued to stare at her,.noting the pure, frank brows shaded by crinkling masses of floating hair, the soft and perfect contour of her face, the tender .witchery of; the sensitive mouth, the unutterable yearnjng and longing sn the great vivid eyes of dusk. She looked as if she longed to speak* but was restrained by some invisible power, . ^ .-?Sylvia's head-had.been buried in Chet* wynd's breast. She wondered at his silence, and looked up, orying fondly . -- "Call me your promised wife again, dear Boy. Kiss me again, Am I not to be your wife 1 Are w;e noS to be happy at last ?*0h, my darling-'.' She broke off abruptly, seeing the shadowy figure in the door-way. She stared afc the vision as if it had been some demon sent to call her to her eternal home. Her hair seemed to rise on end.' -Her tongue was glued to her mouth. ? The countenance of the seeming appari tion changed to an expression of ineffable despair and anguish, /She'opened wide her arms .as if to embrace Cbetwyrid, and so, with outspread arms, and ~ yearning, anguished' face, she slowly retreated bark-, ward like the airy vision she seemed, until Bhe had vanished into the gloom be yond. Not until the seeming spectre had disap peared did Lord Chetwynd arouse from his frozen silence. But-then, as if galvanised, lie flung Sylvia Monk from him in !»n utter forgetfulncss of her, bounded across' the room and into the conservatory. The wax lights were burning dimly in. the great arched dome of glaep, and there were dim | nooks and shadows on every side. The mar quis dashed down a wide flower-bordered aisle like a madman. The glazed doors at the lower end of the conservatory and open ing into the garden were open. He made for them, uttering , strange and incoherent cries, - ' (jiibuit Monk was standing near the door, as if brought to a sudden halt. He had seen Bcrniee enter the conservatory, but had been unable to arrest her movements. He had seen lievbut now depart like a shadow, and lie was in the act of pursuit when Lord Ohetwynd's swift approach made him halt. The scbciricr.Knew that a crisis had occurred .in the fortunes of himself and Sylvia, and :.pon his present coolness his own future ?iind hers depended. He was equal to the occasion. " Why, what's the matter, Chetwynd? ho a-sked, in the utmost apparent surprise. >;Good gracious 1 is the man mad? Where 'are'you "going Why are you running? . Great Heaven ! you look as if you bad seen ia ghost!" 1 . ' ? ; . Chetwynd turned: upon Monk, eager and ;imp -tuous. - ' .'Did you see her ?" he sricd, "Hasany lone passed out tliis way ?" " No one. I have been standing in the 'doorway here tli°se fifteen minutes," replied Monk, with seeming truthfulness. " Whom do you seek? Sylvia?" v ' L "It was Bernice 1" said the marquis, ill excitement. "I saw her as plainly as I see you, Gilberfc-^my dead wife, Bernice-1 Help me to search the conservatory-" : Monk put on a look of alarm,: " My dear Chetwynd," he exclaimed, "you are the victim of some singular hallucina tion. Your brain is turned. .Have you for gotten that Bernice is dead ? . How, then, have you seen her? Do the dead return from' their graves ? My dear boy, let me send for Doctor Hartrjght. You have got a brain-fever." - Chetwypd shook off Monk impatientlyi and searched the conservatory "in every, nook and corner, but be found no trace of this strange visitant. . He : dashed- out in the garden, and-Monk went with him, but they did not see again the slenier, girlish, white robed figure of the seeming spectre. At leng'.h they re-entered the conservatory, the .marquis pale and distracted, and returned to the drawing-room. Miss Monk stood before the fire, her cheeks again glowing, but there was a:,iook of"'awful .dread , arfdihorror still in her eyes. She imagined that thespirit of the ,woman whom she believed she had mur dered had returned to haunt her for her crime. . In her 'first. horror she had been a very coward^ She had crept away upstairs to her room, and had there given way to all her terrors. The old East Indian nurBe had .given her her usual remedy-a soothing draught-and had comforted her, and in spired her with fresh strength and courage. Under, all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Miss Mont possessed an iron will and alremorseless nature. Nothing had, so far, stood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Chetwynd: Now that ha was fairly won, and -agairtfeetrotlaei to ber, she determined that not even a visitant from the other world should take him from ber. Having thus resolred, she returned to the drawing-ro'oin only a moment before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. ' She welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach". .Then, as if relenting, she swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried 'out: ' . ." Oh, Roy.! why did you.throw me from you? Why did you dart'away so abruptly ? You: frightened me; How my heart beats still 1 What is the matter?" . 'i " Did: .you not see Bernice V* he asked.} " Were you not also looking at yonder arch-: ,wav?" - ~ " rr" I was looking at the archway," replied the consummate actress, " but no one wa9 near, it, Roy^ ;.Wbat do you mean ; by your allusibn, to .Bernice? It cannot be that you fancied you saw her ?" " I thought Isaw her y(onder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have Sworn that I be held my lost wife. And ycu -did not see her ? Can it have been an allusion ? . Gilbert was standing near the doorway of the con servatory, and he says that no one came»in or went out by that way." Sylvia swept a sudden, keen glance at her brother ; but his face was impassable. She determined to have an interview with him upon the subject later. I Chetwynd was staggered in his:belief. He put hia hand to his forehead, saying, hollowly : * " Can I have been mistaken ? Was it all a freak of my over excited brain? It is easier-1 to believe that than to believe that the dead can return. And yet, could my imagination have pictured her in all that splendour of loveliness, in the glory of a perfected beauty, the lustre of a beauty such as I have never seen? I cannot explain it." - He leaned'against the low mantel-piece,: and Sylvia laid ber red cheek on his arm in a caressing fondness. . - ." Gilbert,". she said, proudly, " my'place is here, at Roy's, side, henceforth. May I tell him, Roy ? . Yes ? Listen.-then, Gilbert. 'Our old betrothal-Roy's and: mine-ia re newed. We are to" be married-Roy and ii" ; - ? -. \- !lI:; congratulate you, Chetwynd, upon having won a true and loving heart," said Monk, extending his hand to Hie marquis. " This renewal yf old relations will assuredly prove for the best. I suppose Sylvia won't' mind my telling you now that she has loved, you all along-with a rare devotion. I hope you two will be happy." . . "I am not myself yet,"-said Lord Chet wynd, with a troubled smile, " I seem sud denly to make the discovery that. I have nerves. I'll go to my room* if you'll kindly, excuse me, Sylvia. I-am greatly fatigued after my journey," and he withdrew, going up to the rooms he had occupied with Ber nice. ? Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw into the conservatory, but Sylvia de tained him. He was anxious to search the grounds, in hopes of discovering Bernice, and. he submitted to his detention with an ill-grace. " ' - " What do you want?" he asked, with an exhibition of surliness. " " . . '.I want to know if you were in the con servatory during some fifteen minutes pre vious to Lord Ohetwynd's' optical illusion V " demanded Miss Monk, with sarcastic em pbasis. ., .. ' Monk replied in the affirmative. " And you saw no one enter or go out ?" Monk hastened to utter a negative. I den't believe you," said the. refined Sylvia, with: considerable rudeness: " I know better. I saw the ghost, if it was a ghost, and so did you. What is your object in denying the fact to* me!' - VI have no object?: I saw no ghost, and lean swear to my denial; if you choose. You must have been reading Mrs. Crowe. You would do better .to think of . the great victory you have won. I advise, you to hasten your marriage. I have nearly run through my thousand pounds; and I want more. You remember that you promised me an'annuity of a thousand pounds on your becoming Lady Chetwynd. Hurry up the marriage. That is my advice." :' He kissed hia fingers to her carelessly, and sauntered away , into the con servatory. Miss Monk looked after him with a puzzled frown. "I wisli I knew what scheme occupies him now," she thought. " Gilbert has changed during the past year. ? I must confess he is getting too deep for me. I can't fathom him. What prompts him to deny that he gaw that figure in white? If it was a spectre, he must have seen it, since it was visible to both Roy and me. If it were not a spectre, what was it ?- On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows." . - With this conviction Miss Monk went up to her own rooms. She,found old llagee in the dressing-room, just unlocking the doors of the precious East Indian cabinet; The old ayah started at | Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened to lock the doors opening into the hall. She then returned to the cabinet, and opened the secret compartment and took out the tiny gold box of rare East Indian poisons. "Wbafc are you going to do?" asked Miss Monk, sinking into an' easy chair. "I want lo see Unit my globules have not been tampered with,"-responded olil llagec. "I feel uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that 1 made a mistake in the vial, but I intend to see. If I had made a mistake tbe girl would have died in her coffin all the same-no, she would have recovared her consciousness, at the end of three days. It's alright Missy, but I'll just make sure." . . Miss. Monk watched her attendant with languid interest, while the ayah opened the two vials we have just before described. " Thera were one hundred globules in each," muttered the old woman. "I took one out of vial number two, leaving ninety nine. I will count them." She proceeded to do so. "It's alright," she announced. " There are just nisety-nine remaining. I cari'.t tell what made me sc foolish, but just as soon as you spoke of the ghost I felt a desire to look at these vials." ~ " Look at the vial number three," said MisB Monk, " Still, that's all nonsense. It's alright, only there's one thing sure, Eagee-Gilbert knows something about that ghost, or whatever it was. He swears he saw- nothing; I wish I knew what game of his own he was playing. There's one thing sure-lie knows'ihe secret of that mysteri ous intruder of to-night. The old ayah's weird eyeB gleamed with a sudden light. , She hurriedly seized upon the third vial, opened it, and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her face when she bad finished. ' . u Can't you make it count right ?" asked Mi3s Monk, with sudden interest, " There's only ninety-eight globules here," answered the old woman, blankly. " And. there were a hundred ?" Exactly that-a hundred in each1 vial." " You may have dropped a couple and Miss Monk began to search. " Stay, Missy," said the' old ayah, in a tone of deep significance. "Answer me a question : Was Gilbert at home on tbe the day that Lady. Chetwynd was taken ill V'' '.'Yes. Don't you remember that he was in my boudoir before dinner ?" ' " Was ho'in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Chetwynd ?" « " Yes; he went out,- and I called you, and we came in here." , - - "Ah! And he was back in three day's time?" ,v " Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Chetwynd. was dead. You'knew all this. Why do you ask so' mafly unimportant questions?" " Simply to confirm my own suspicions and remembrances," said the old woman, her black facc growing yellow. MiEsy, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger that f cents blood. He suspected us. When he went out from your room that day he must have slipped-in here. The doors were locked, it is true. How did he get in? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk. He hid in there; he heard all we said. I remember I went to my own room for another vial.' Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicions complete and deepen tbpm into dead certainty. . If you bad "been absent from this room a moment-": . . iMiss Monk uttered a singular, cry.' . '" I was absent," sh9 ejaculated. " L'ady^ Chetwynd came to the. doorofmy; boudoir for,a piece of music." .. r" Then all is clear. . Gilbert? changed this globules, and took an extra one. out of this vial number three. He was. back in three days'.. He: gave her ladyship more of the' drug. *; She wa3 ;buried. -He rescued her; He has hidden , her somewhere. all these months. Lady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady .Chetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night!" ? 