II fflittif." v HAEDING. . ' . I \- - f ;i-"- t ; - "'74.. : . . ' . fe<.- rj& it- ' -ilk ' ; vin AUlm|j|W|T had,, tost come out fcomip my peat in the open fiacre mat - we t had kept, waiting I had raised my parasol cuad was listening to my daughter as she gave . the next ordeivtoihfi&i;? « Tfeto J ladies pass wiUWFi'gr1!'>T"By powftsoi I Was on fee ' carnage step at once. My daughter, amazed, stared at me, the cochcr, t with roinfi well in hand turned around ill his ; seat. For a moment I stood there undecided. 44 What is it?" Alaine was frightened. tffoi speqk fefler £b |n ?r Huwt, or ihey wfll fcegorie. !? - y >i \- I stood irresolute ; then sank hack m my place. " She would'nt know me ; it would only ce a trouble." i 44 Who is she?" Alaine asked. " A Mrs. Fitz Allen. No one you know, daar«'' "What stunning pompleions thqse girls had ! Thflr were very striding, bpt they were dressed in ltaste,' ' cohtimied feelittie maid by my aide. Our boree eucceejledat laBttofreeing himself, after xnoejdng us5 against various carriages and. ; calling down' a ; torrent 4>f the ssweefc French . language—grown strangely harsh and cutting iti John's mou tii.,Shaking externally andinter- » nally we madopprwyugihe Rue Scribe -mid liome ward j and-when,1 an hour later, we reached our apartment, ! had forgotten having seen a . 4clldvdayS iniMrs. Fitz Allen. But now at wlll A readily recaiiher asshe passed with heitall daughters on that eunlitsummer raorufegto gay Paris, passing up>the busyi:poisy , Hue Scribe. l ean even rememberhoiythe mass of hair coiled low on the neck of her girls flashed in the. golden sun. From acorns grow trees. From moods spring passions, from imagination a universe. Had I spoken to. ray friend when I saw her I should not now be writing this. IMAGINATION'S WHEEL. Looking back, I almost Teel as' " if something was not right about my own machinery ? the wheel of imagination ran so smoothly, swiftly, and with such easy mastery- over all other forces. All ihu6tbe. equal to make a perfect whole. I am seeking this education for Alaine ; she ie rather -young-as yet for me to see any result, but I feel that it will be a great success. She -will he of the world worldly, and one of its shining lights. The traifimg required in this century, when completed, reaches to this pinnacle. On the road the pupils cannot walk slowly : the hasty wind has no time for loiterers ; they must do "afl they do, strive on. Alatoe's nature perfected will be proof gainst all things to which iier mother has been prey— blessed child T My parents, had they wished to see me perfected, must have been sadlv thwarted, not m one respect only but in two. My imagination , my heart, are phenomenally active. The latter must have had no more than the covering of a wafer; for it has been ruthlessly plundered, even to- the present date, and this last touch was broader, deeper than the others — the impression lives with me. Before the winter overtook us I extorted a urohiise from Alaine V French maid to go to 4>ermfeny with 118. But it was the end Of a >iard winter before I could induce- Jose actually 0 leave her adorable charming Paris for the land of guttural bounds and bleak windB- How ever. between us— Alaine, myself, and some bank notes— we succeeded. Before starting I received a note in reply toone sent to a secluded and highly1 recommended pension stating that' the honoured ladies would find accommodations andwere expected 'on the 4th. We had always' heard, and were convinced that tlie best German vras not the Saxon German, and spent some time in dehating to what city we should go. If we "went to Hanover, where Alaine would gain the pfirect accent, I should surely die of the cold. Th6N ortliSea on themap 1 ooke dblu eenough; B ut even iii my robin over fee fire the -thought of it rent the winds across me. So as I had no idea of leaving my only child an orphan I gave up' J the accent. -Let it suffice to say we took up our residence iii Berlin, and remain ed coiifent until' the following spring. We fOnnd the pension Choice in every way, especially as its accoci- saodatione permitted no more than two families to constitute its dwellers. When we first arrived' a lady and her sbn, jrho were to leave feefollowing week, were- in 1 the? apartment. Jos? caned to - snow her pleasure at this, aud it was to Our comfort decidedly featwheii she felt ill the mood-she man aged- the pension, the poor frau looking on helpkis. "She- was thoroughly fearful of Jose, The boarder; - a Mrs. Ditolop, was most Social, While at -supper one evening I Was Surprised to hear froin her that the" lady "whom our frau- expected at' her dep&rtuTe; was a Mrs. Fitz Alien. ' ' " - 4 Fitz Allen-I " I Exclaimed, amazed. " Bo youknow aMre. FitzAllen?" - . T know a lady-of that bairie, but— slightly Mrs. Duulopfaid down '"her Cup. 44 She was here for f U- %£ek last febnfer, knd left thefi to return hbw/ The rooms I have are for her. " Bo d<ciibe|ier forjnp itjis possible she is some one 1 know. Iheu anu there I told of teeiim nl'od imid ia Farm, and together we wqderif ihijafre. FitziAllen were the same, f had feaked withiiigli enthiisiasm , gnd Mrs. jDunlop had a deep tinge of colour in her cheeks. She waainterested. _ "Jtt. be your friend, audT Chiik it must be— ior. the jiame is " Describe her/' I repeated. " Yes, dpspribe ber," put iq Algine. - . ... ";Kkw.cta6iir -of hair t ' interrupted- . JPjbilqjp thought;" "black, and 'eyes blue." ' . % " 'Tian'tthp same,". said Alaino positively, Fita Allen wW8hort.1, ' 'Not at,,,L<aiedsharply. "Mrs. Dunlop Ymj&toall; her.iaH.J,My friend, in truth, was- at Hm|omt4herit petus waB given and hft wheel set rolling. went onjmthusistiqally.v -The roadr.wus down11 hill; " Wasn't she distifwufT ,Ak a ,giii Bhe. was a gw»t beab(gs but sho has fruled terribly. \- lltLjt" word. She was im w 'holb mnbkttased and refedess. We waited sajne tiiuei ldr>ber tot «pea k% --T- i\t'3 ,f fl 'tYes, I think it's frue abontbcr lmviixg liad- troubloj ehe began,; i7" #he looks: peculiar." Her hesitancy madeJDie curious, but "She Bon'tmMd tngusif iheis wrbitle off. - ' - . - Si. #', , Mamma wpnt care, it has . been so, long since v ptiA AftW htkrJ ,- With a bright free Mrs. Dunlop glanced 6tpward me. ' 8 . "# Well, J||e was cray, I bpiejl Aa| wnoin she,, jPQgi hkx companion side." t «jbid she everweuf "of . wvibg. twef 4u®ters ?" , , "jNo, but one day at dinner there was a young lady with her she mentioned aft her " It can't be the same then, for my friend had two daughters, and one with yellow hair." iqojb' tdgetiier abd/sqpafrted at " my door. SERB. FITZ ALLEN ABEIVEB. , "Her daughterpiayhave beentsavelliag, you Ano#. I seldom raoke to her. day rfe week you will kaow.ti 1? shall various bear."- We tshcfok> hands,iaud I ibanked ber, -and not anotiier word Was spoken between us of my supposed friend. The day came when Mrs. Bunlop departed, and Mrs. Fits Allen arrived. ;F<w homo 1 bad been testing, after an unusually severe attack of neuralgia, endea vouring to calm my shattered nerves. 1 lay on the sofa in my little salott, idly dozing under the effect of the deepening twilight in the room, when our frau knocked for admittance. She came to my sofa. " Mrs. Carmen, I have spoken to Mrs. Fitz Allen of you, and said - that it. is possible that you were old friends. \ She begs she may see you;."N ' i. -;r-=; : . . .- \- ' Iu a ro ement— in & .moment. . T must see if . I am preKnfrble." A. . >vx- - - Bismg, j'looteiiivap long roiiTor, while Jos brpught inHieliglife. »Sati8- fied, 1: fhe: sofa, drew up my beanm 7ug,'< gajze >riiy oonteut. I was aguivor wiih j byf ul inlicipation . It was my Mestdif ; Sle : badTecognisea me by one means ;or another, for a stranger would never send ,euch a '' message. Jos € bad withdrawn, and from the next room tiarough thB clceed door I -beard Alaine reading aloud faintly. Since the new arrivals I had not seen my child. She was always strictly bidden to keep away while my suffering lasted, as my temper was usually ailing as well, so I knew nothing of her im pression of Mrs. Fitz Allen. Deciding it would do no harm to hear what she thought,! said loudly. " Air " At that instant there came a knock on my door. "Herein!" I responded, tossed my bearskin aside, and (I am speaking honestly) went rapidly forward, and throwing my arms about the lady in the doorway, kissed her heartily on both cheeks. "My dear, dear friend!" I ensconced her in a l>ig armchair, and breathless, laughing, all eagerness, sank back on the eofa. " You can't imagine how glad, how happy it makes me to see you, but so homesick !" With a splash on my hot cheek fell the tears. " I fear I have misled you. I thought at first it was possible that we were old friends. I had hoped we were, but I cannot recall your face." Each word ini that peculiar strong, well-modulated voice cut me through. I felt the blood surge to my face, head, eyes ; deeply embarrassed, I tried to apologise. " Do forgive me : but I am such an impulsive ! woman that the moment you stood there in the doorway, waiting to be recognised, I sawin.you my old friend and imagined there was a like ness. I am very, very sony, and trust you will not think me rude." WELL, SHE WAS " PECULIAR." Quietly, so quietly, with a pause between her words, she answered. " Don't apologise, please ; it is I who should. Iled you totliiukyqu wereright. fx any one is to blame I think it is the little frau. She said a , lady who had known' me in my childhood was in the house, and naturally I pressed a meeting. I hoped at last I would have a friend. Mrs. Carmen. I need the loVe of a friend."' In writing these words are nothing, but to hear them with those strange intonations, . those ' grieving, eyes looking, as thejr did beseechingly mto.miim.nnie'effe yms potent-r-and rai&ex-; pectant Corner . of my 1 heart was punctured through' the .feats werer. "trembling on mylhes, ;Thqf Jey yrhich roise mvpps, however, I bid stteith. enbugho repress. I. only said:— ' "y1 " " 'Axe you fFbni"; Amerira, Mrs. Fttz Allen ? " Wh nave filfirihhpme fof years.'' . But befmegoffigvfurther let mh show you my guest, exhhfiy as she wai sitting in the big green chair, her back to the light and very near me. She was fell jfor a woman, hut finely prpnor- tioned", and bore hersdf Well. Her hair, as Mm, ' Dunlop has Kaidj ' was black— it seemed to me rather carelessly and even nnbecdiningly' ar- ' ranged, Woeting her black archil brows and eurlmg- about them. Her eyes were blue, a pale washed colour, looking. like. a drop of bluing | swimming under wafer ; the lias were pink; with deep shadows ; underneath. Her complexion wasTed audblotched most jutifullv. Her chin j 'and mouthy were &m; but dolipa|ely mouhled, and from'tfiefr rbngh aspect I suspected that she shaved. ; As a hayqiier I have been tir&iued; to 'take note of; persons at a glaiice ; but with Mrs. Fitz Allen T found thm did' hot adffice. Her face required study, and' even as lfdt this nc» cessary 1 was impressed by lier manner, and it flashed across me that the - two did not agree. The question which , was false, was left me to determine. ; . Meanwhile yre had been both asking and answering questions. T leajmed that she was to remam bb-fhe city a few days, janil tibat she/ was feayblbngwilh a compamoh, i a Eicei I IwaS stiB in 'a high 'stoite of excitement. . My "gufest, theTvery pBrsonification of eafe and com- 'fort,'aFure(it in HeT'cHairi / J ' 4 Mrs . Ghnhen, yoh feEdd that when you saw me in the doorway you ivere suio -you were right. Is it possible that your friend has had; trouble equal to mine ? Js she also a wreck ?j ' At that test wpr frie blue eyeB, pame out of- , their lake <jnd fisred at me a xurid prle, while ovier themth%11ds yee&hp; and' down. For the1 first time,' odd u rt may seem. I' "retailed Mre/Buiflop'S wbhds;1#'Shexs crazy." Wal I not iU danr ? T' saw sthe' wiiidc?W 'near the sofii; buti'laiew I eould not teseape unless to death by ity leaw thetwo doors iir the room, and trusted on the oue to ray right asrihe -earit aocefe ' t; i %<Yes, my friend-has liad a.-great deal of YrouMeji!' - r'r? ' v ; ' .. - . ..7 > evjery.iought-pf ear There s adays when tl csiiihbt!.d03q iny «y«a— can hut. walk the fioor in agony. Jh Buch state has my illn left m© that- no one who knew me once laehf Tfpl dswn'tq Vpu— flgMMiig toyou does mh a world of ffood— A syiathetiq soul . at' tentqhBe; ctine. dhdoV ber atuMy impressionable I was deeply -touched. vStrqfig ahd thhteiidiiig > emotions were fighting in me— curiosity, cowardice. I would have givmiall I could to fiee. but another >+ ..a t-T 4- -T ' N%" . A \ — power, coupled wilh perhaps the strongest of my own impulses, . made ine stay; it. was the woman's voice. .... f . "There are strange, strange jMngs, III, this e of qprs. The strangest thing ,alli won : jq man'.. ?he lifted her dehcately- yeidh&nd.; " Thereisu. world, a great in- Imblfedejpce, peopled wxth.feiniii evety fpXib. Depiion is supreme." . hC clasped -her hands together. " Friend, will you listen to the etory of my life? You will, when I say the rest will be new life. You dare not refuse." She sat perfectly stl and looked at me. < .' c No,". I answered faintly. " Ten long years, ten long years, and come at last !" She smiled. Alaine was etill reading in the next room. I no longer felt I was in the. presence of an insane person. The highly strong brain was no doubt verging toward insanity, but as yet Mrs. Fitz Allen only wandered . My rliitd'fl voice sounded like protection. I propped up my pillows, and by the act strengthened myspf. V If it will help you, cottainly, ! will list." ' ' _> TJiiclasping her hands she stretched one out to me, then instantly drew it back, and as the lace fell from her wrist I could remark on its whiteness and strength. She told her story. \ " Welived iu New York city. Our family was myself, Tristrie. aud our. two daughters. We Were deep in fashion's clutches.' She dropped her eyes to her hands. "There is nothing, my dear friend, new under the sun. I will not linger. Laurens Mantel — myself — was a young fellow used tp money." . Was your wife's name Tristrie F' I asked, humouring her. thebesa's disappearance. \- " My wife's name was Tristrie." " Steadily she gazedfttraight at me. " Was Tristrie," she re- p eafed tenderly. Then, like a child heated in play, she threw backher head and raised her. hand: In brush away the hair from her forehead, when ! was startled to see the other hand _rise aud clasp the lifted one ; then both fall into her lap, the fingers once more clasped. " I waft at the head of a great railroad venture which but for me would have resulted profitably. I swindled the company, was found out and dis graced." " You mean your husband Laurens : you are Tristrie," I said gently. "Laurens, yes, Laurens," her lips for the first time trembled. ' ' Theresa, our eldest child, was a beauty and proud as Lucifer. In her own rights she was an heiress, for my brother had left her his property. The hour the truth reached us Theresa was walking up and down the long parlour, dressed to go out. I cawtell you precisely what she had on — a blue cloth dres|, a jacket braided in gold and a hat with cock plumes which shaded iier eyes. Her height was mine. A stranger seeing her would have retn&ikedhe;? glorious health ; but I, who watched her constantly, would catch my breath many times a day to see the colour flee and a blue tinge in its place, when, as if to mock me, the bloom was there again. Just so that afternoon did she walk up and down, drawing on her gloves, when up to the door dashed ner ponies, xuaking a very thunder of a noise as they came. She started to leave the room, but I detained her, and then and there she heard all — nexer before haviug had a sus picion of such a thing. " Mother, good bye," she said. She kissed Tristrie several times, tumed away from the great light in our eastern window falling through the stained glass, and went out to her pony carriage. The groom was sent to the stables, and she started off alone. Fire and fire— yes, it is ten years ago, and we have never seen her since." ' . . ' Mrs. Fitz Allen, what do you mean r" I lived in each word she uttered. That she was telling me her life I knew with less and lese of effort. The trouble with names was of no account. I had hut to say to myself Tristrie r when she said Laurens, and vice versa. She was showing what she had endured when shielding her husband; and now in her tor mented imagination she had come to believe that it was herself who had done the - wrong, i and that the disgraced name of Laurens was her own. At my startling question she said, briefly : — "Every word is true. Believe me wholly, or ; I stop." ' i ' I believe," I answered humbly. " The ponies and carriage were found next dayat a strange stable. A boy had left them there. We could learn , nothing more, except that .she -had been to the hank aud .drawn, O.fiOOdoL We did eyerytlung,.. but could not discover a single clue. She had vanished com pletely, absolutely. We then came to Europe. We wandered"' — she laughed a soulless "laugh— "and found peace nowhere;" Her bfbws lowered. ' J ustice thwarted is A hellish thing; We Buffered from it." -She lifted her hand, as if she feared I would speak, then laid her fingers' on her lips and twisted them. r- - , THE HOUSE AT BELEEYUE, SAINT- fcLOTjI). ; F Betribution overtook Us when least ex pected, decreed by no earthly judge, at a \- place— you have " been there— at ! Bellevue Saint-Cloud." - . I uttered a shrill cry. What wafe coming ? I knew Bellevue Saint-Cloud well. " Don't be frightened, my dear friend." The: power in her gentle voice made me ashamed and ; calmed me. 1 , ; 4 4 You know the Paris winters, how wet and dark they are. Well, yeai it w&s; uhusue lly bad, For two solid " months the sub never shone. . The day it returned in ihe'moriting" we wete walking by the river. wheifJuditiiTook tbe riotion to go up the Seine. - The little befet Was blowing her last whistle when we wient on board. At Saint-Cloud we landod with evAry one else, and taking one of the carriage waiti ing near, we started off. for adriye. We stayed. 5but a shorty time in the. village, , then entered Bellevue Saint-Cloud. We soon left the houses behind us 'and drove up k steep liiiL The view ; from there was fine, hnd we stopped tp enjoy.it, Judith— Y am remembering eyerytmng JexattlyJ — tiirew her armfi arohhd my1 neck" And drew onr atteiition to a 'closed house bn our right. 4 Let ufe spend the'sUmmer there i notiung!lcan disturb ub, and the air is good. My wife and I agreed at once; we didn't care where we were.. From a priest in the village We found the hbuee wa/tolet, Bo.huth0uSfe-hewnew to kmeaad; foyeaisyj , agmigs hte jcijaijo iii Wq refer ned to the and fea wo's dofid as smifc Wes; out 4hei«xwae n-brlikhr Forl ffp; Wo went Wer ifer house. Tim reoms were fethm handsomelv butilinm>ty, per I , Ikey had lcn shut for a long tune. The house wasu peeumx situated— you. day xenieniler, Mrs. when drivnempaht, as 3t had often' ddhe Whiln Summering m Saint-Cloud, thinking Tt 1 a .Srtefy; pretty littie hotel, but too lonely lowing Ire- callea also that being on the hill the front door ; Opened on level ground, while the back of the : house, owing to a rise of the ground, was lower. I remembered, too, the outlook from its windows dawn that one aide was I ower than ti'e fr0nt 4 Exactly. So lhat judgmg view only we were espectmg a large ewou h whereas we found a small one , arS® forus, however. Judith took.the tbS, eecomi floor,inywif<vaud I ose ffehenlto while on the ground floor servanto were to rieep. Troim y gtairs, I door,- whi<m was at the .head of , thus could look-into my daughters' r?on ®nd D6 aU ta; patience. 44 What is it— ghosts — THE 3UDPEN WINDOW For a moment shie seemed thoroughly real her laugh was natural. , i _;i " You are lifting the weight, and soon it Will rise so as to be "dnrem- vel v Mrs. 4 _en, I thank vou, bless vou ! , Then again her voice grew strained and low. 4 ' e in our rooms a day before a restless nt, jejzqu, me and I went to work to move the f ' W.Wre about. The armoire wss badly placed, awig fromhehght. Tlreflret pushrft between the ftfewo w ffidows. Thrufng reundJ wis dumfouMed. WerethA armoire bad been was a large window, securely boarded over and thickly covered with dust. My wife grew white about the lips. I only muttered 4 Odd," and seizing a hammer I forced away the wood. A vine had grown across the opening. It was of such thickness that only with difficulty could I chop At down. Tristrielaid her baud on my. shoulder. Together. . and silently, we stood looking forth on as heaveffly a view as mortals may hope to see, while on us blew tlie fresh,1 pme air; ' 'Simul taneously we drew a deep breath before turning away.' My wife wanted to fasow at once what I supposed the window had . beeu Imarded up for." : 44 You are Tristrie. aud your husband Laurens." again I added. " Yea ': that's it," she said impatiently. I told her I couldn't imagine. The thing puzzled me, but I didn't care to have her know that. It was probably a week after, and we were at dinner. The hour was always half-past seven. Our house, like so many French houses, had closets cutin the walls. They were unnoticeable except for the small brasB knob. There was one of these closets near my wife's seat, its door continually swinging back and forth. Tim night before I had spoken to the servant about it. I now sharply called him to account again. He stepped forward and shut it at ones, turning the key in the lock. - I was surprised to see that he looked alarmingly white.: I said something about the stupidity of servants. As I spoke a draught of wind whirled by my feet. Thedoor was wide open and swinging gently ! I turned to the servant. He was ehangingthe dishes with hands trembling with fright. He kept his face from my sight. I said nothing, and neither Tristrie nor Judith remarked anything clianged. Early the next morning the servantB gave notice that they wished to leave. I called the man to me. 4 What is the matter ? Are your wages not sufficient ? I will double them.' 41 ' Pardon, Monsieur! The money is abundant. Monsieur and Madame are kind. " Will Monsieur permit us to go V THE SOBBING WOMAN. 44 1 said no more. The man looked really ill. 4 You can leave to -night, but not before the'new servants will be here.' Ho was profuse in Ms thanks. I went down to the sitting room ; my coffee was steaming in its bowl on the table. Tristrie and Judith were drinking their choco late. The windows were all Open, and we were on a level with the garden fiowers. As I. took my seat I was shocked to see bur child looking white and exhausted, and carefully watching mv wife I saw she was labouring under great excitment. The single thought of Judith's delicate health warned me to be guarded in my questions. A nervous shock to her would prove fatal. I picked up in j, Figaro and began reading, stopping every now and then to tell them some hit of news, . . Twice Judith sighed, jlie third iime Y laid aside iny paper. She began ; ,'at once":— . x . | 44 4Papa; need I sleep inmy room any longer s, ' Please, please don't let me !' 44 4 What on earth are you talking of ?. Not sleep In. your pretty room? Nonsense !' I answered. j. 44 She raised her eyes. They were swollen and hoayy from lackaf sfeep. ' I'm so,, tired, '-she said. . 4 There's a xvoman.whb keeps coniipg to niy room every night. Sire itok't let me" isfeep. She keeps walking up 1 and down, wriuging her i hands mid sqbbing so.1' Then she came- to me, J put - her amis about my neck and cuddled into 1 my lap. I looked at my wife. She was calmly drinking her ehocolato. 1 saw her idea and at once, began talking on a commonplace topic. In five minutes Judith was asleep. - 1 hud. her on the lounge and left my.wiieT seated near, while j I , strolled to the garden. I had taken, the j hotel for .three months. The idea of losing my j money was not pleasant. "What was the matter j with things? The veiy thought of ghosts .was ridiculous ; neither my wife nor T believed to them. Thinking thus I felt my spirife rising. The excitement" which brought me out of the beaten track was to be courted. I determined to reihain unless J udith should continue in her present state. The mysteries, if there were any, should be discovered; theyliad a reckless eneihy to myself. Having thug made up my mind I went back to my wife.: ' , , , 44 Why do you keep making yourself out to be a man r" I broke in impatiently. She unhooked her fingers. ' " Don't torment me. O, Man Dieit / the chain is broken 1" She pressed her hands to her temples and bowed her head. Gieatly alarmed, I was speechless. Let , her call hereelf what she would, nothing should induce me to. interrupt hfer again, I silently voWedi. With a painful effort she raired her head, ' and hesitating with eaor word, con tinued:— = - - <\- - ikySFERIODfe 'SIGHTS. ' 1 v , "The lamps were lighted apd we were in my ' room. On apathy the bed Judith lay asleep; for I had decided to humour her whim. It whs after eioven, and -the servants were in their rooms. ?. I looked up from, the pg« .of. the French novel I was reading to see the time: Something moving in darimesa . pwighfemy A daugkfer'a 4|S rfmade of marifieTatid inthhtoteuse«u« towaVa tKn lipbt:, ready tp , bearer— the glimmer, the sobs l gonl; r %8 lnt0 ev«T craiiuy, dvery that toorn— nothing. I leached the doorway; theqanip slipped from mygraI the rfwserashedat my feet, the nnelpli dU toled ahout them. Calmly I fey My wife looked up startled and aed i V8 -brcen a tamp, i told her > I had done it whde to Judith's room, toakimr a Mis. Fife Allen Was speaktog more calmly \- X -V . y marvellous. I doubted whether ah< j humiuy«hiie l fetet myself to- the fbeiing of fiufi'oeatioa. Tristrie .was bena,va oVer ate. 4 Come to the nextroom,5 sbeW? ' I must speak to you.' She pointed to JuR 1 Without a W6rd I got up and drew on dressing-gown. Seated on the bedside my ».;£ waited. .She had on a wrapper, but that she waa stiff with cold, 1 took a deoauter 5 of brandy and a glass with me. The finrtSJ i I did when we were alone was to give her f good draught of the liquor. Hie next wa n make the room aft bright as day by lightin® three big lamps. Then going to the door I half closed it that Judith might not bo awakened. My wife, was by my side in ?J1 instant. 4VVNo.' . She. flung back the door. «p0J. God's sake let me see the child ?' I led h« back to her seat. 44 4 Now what is it r' I said, and sat down. 1 4V4Ita this,' ami with that she bared Lw right J ew 7k" r — -J II. 4tIwae chocked. The arm was hladj ftl.d blue from the shoulder to the elbow, aud rej from there to the wrist. I raised it gently and looked close. I saw livid mtirks of long, feper- ihf fingere 'deep in the fle£h— the fingers of s woman ! I could not speak ; I only motioned her to .cover it up.' ' This is exactly what she said; — "Sfce-imd been asleep some time, the felt sure of that, when , there came a touch on her arm, half awakening her. Tlrinking she had been dream ing she slept again, to be awakened the second thne by a pull on her wrist. She lay tn dozing " State for periiaps half an liour when she became again unconscious. Die next thing she knew she was being jerked from her bed by terrible force, and "heard distinctly some one soblring. Fully awake now she started to come to roe, then turned feck (Tristrie is a woman without nerves and strong as iron). She entered the room, picked up her wrapper and looked about. There was nothing she could see. Then she decided to wake me. She told me the story, and for some time after she had finished neither of us spoke. Then I asked if she wished to leave the house. She fed 4 No at once. If we stay a little longer the iuystery may reveal itself. I answered that I ehould raake it do so. We didnt return to red, but sat talking until it was time to dress. As early as nine o'clock we left for Paris to eee a physician. My wife's aim had grown veiy painlui aud was badly swollen. We saw the doctor. (I knew the aoctor well, as would any one who has ever lived in Paris, and for Iks reason I withhold lis name.) As he examined the arm' he Bcanned me fiercely. Never in xsy practice of forty years have I seen such straWl maeclesas these. "The arm is nearly jerked from the socket; immense force, immense force ha been ued.' He kept repeating these words disconnectedly and glaring at me. Had it rot been for T istrie's pleading free I should hara probably knocked the man down. As it w&e.; I left him to his pleasing thoughts of a husband's cruelty. After an hour we joined Judith waiting to the carriage. .She haa been told that her mother had hurt her arm during the night end therefore showed no surprise at its bandage. For several days nothing disturbed us. Jucitfa continued to improve, and had my wife not been constantly before me with her arm in a : sling.- 1 should nave thought we had been deftly imagining it all, but as it was, we waited f< r what might follow." "THEEESA" AGADT. She here brought the first finger aiid tknul of each baud together, raised them to her ejti as goggles and peered through at the floor. " i \- 44 Who believes to Spiritualism r FooKIaia I aot one of you ! " She dropped her bauds aud | began again to the old meditative maimer. E 44 Tristrie and I were" sitting near the window, S she reading. I twilling about on the revolving, | chair before my writing .desk. A suiail gold I pencil hung on my watch chain. Absently I | loosened |t and fell to drawing circles on a d ; lying near. The day's heat was barely euuurah'e. I had drawn two circles and was half through with the third — something caught bold of ; wrist 1 I felt cold. Long . fingers close over mhtf j j my breathing waft nearly stifled, I was made to wiite, made to form letters on my paper : with i numbed faculties I saw I bad before me. iu ' own handwriting, my lost child's name, 4 Theresa.5 and at its side, 4 Cemetery. Twt End.' Tlie hand lifted from mine. To tlie floor the pencil rolled. A shriek broke through the room. I rose to time to prevent my wife from falling to a dead faint. She bad beea looking q ver my .shoulder. Half an hour l&taj; arm in arm, we stood to the cemetery at iheTsd End. Before? us was a ab of marble spotless!? ; pure, and deeply engraven to the stone we read the us me 4 Theresa. Her father and moibei, in maddening silence, faced it. Sun, l-iro0! green grass, flowers — curse, curse you ahl How you mocked me that fearful, fearful hour . ; Ltoder the semblance of rest and purity she laid there. Her soul — was it black or white - W as this sunny grave tbe real impression of ti1 life or was it there only to mock me r Mockntfi tbe father who had been its cause ? Why 1£ ' she led us to this place ? What did her eobbnig mean f What the window with tbe boaru? across it ? Madame, I never knew ! " . J Carefully her fist fell on fee arm of lier chsir. " My wife laid her baud on my should1"- Her thought had not been mine. Lauren® j; lier life was good. Her resting-place ie blest- I faced lier fiercely. 4 Do you believe ihat ct | J are you- : " "a 4t 4Il)elieve it.' She said it as her M restjed ou fee Bible — under oath— and then 9 did, too. We helped The village priest to 1 0 over his bookst and iii one of feeni, written li his former brother, we found that 'There» E| Mantel had died January <?.' After quer®! |l m|r fhe villagers we heard bat little more. towns ttto thegreat plaee ou the hill (»u ; | thepi) a heafelful madame had died and " hyued in their tmurchyard yonder. _ J1 a fee had left money and orders to the Pn 3 J! toct her monfehent we 'M :biit .gae»,.w Si XBH. FITZ ALLBN'S AWSNDAST- fl ; ASsba as Mrii.cFitx\«afen saidtMe rik ;toe TTtouMi fefe Wir fedly exhausted m fr<todk$d as if a' burden -had indftfl v 9 tiftiftde- ' r'.:> . K c 4»Wh%re is Judith#' I asked, ririnetc , M " Judtth is a yoUffikady noW and » trf B Itog with an old govefnefts." , .ij, M; She Ifld myhamds in hm» andcaxeftwnj1 & She drew metowfel. her,: I thought to ki& fl whea wife a slgh she turned away. |9 I.am. afraid my tdry h» ewsRodTP?' fl a dore of bromide as I feall hare toAl fl feOUld not ftteeptb-night. nor do T tlnn'J n Would," IfiiMffed her and said fl would be bbst. ' IB t4 Ktod friend"-feeb«Hiffht herfta fl could tore you.75 She gfArf fl have reachedthe door m one step, fl| -sss I with me two hours. -It was half-l&ri; fl eupper beU rang ! immediately. Jos6 came ln:- and f orderedlr tx bring my'teallbibe hcoom, Alsdnein adiorttfanemWe abpeaaunLCQ. . " Do yoafcnbwy mamma, Mra.:imc8,iiaa beeh J dreadfully frighteued.about Mrs: jFifz -JfllenF She imssediier Jhalf janbouir ago, ail bae been ' on the drisre ever feihbe huntmg np— «nt ' until this very moment did hhe xhcet liefv. nnd viixere doyon subiBef in her own ealon. < £-. was in thd hall and hbard Mrs.' £xd$ asking, asking all out of . breath, ' Where, where have- you beeal-" '' 4"." "' " " ' " " 4I have ,)ben.< calling-on Mrs. Fits Alien eaid iii the banghtie way. " Has She really boeh with ypu aUtiiis adtfei- : noon? 5016114113511®" ' . ' She is a pteaSahtledy," I said nbhchalhntly. G lad youtfcmk so. 1 find her— bah r And a very demoiCs ace" the child 3 niae/ .as ahe ? shrugged herRiuldera: ' "Jose, is it mademoiselle's bed kour?' I called. . '-i " Qui, insdAmt. wi, -rcxex ici mad-emo'isellc V Alaine made me a deep courtesy, then on'tip- toe, her head wdl back, she stalkfed nut fit th®r room " d la Fitz Alloa 1' she Cried, closing the door.' 1 "" On after thought the bromide had no eSecr. Though 1 dozed heavily I passed a horrible night. " ' ... IH. ... It was the middle of summer when Alaine, . Jose, and myIfeat <m the,deckof theDeutscher Jvaiscr steaming -up the Itbm&T; We had passed AssmauushauBengiudKefS .vdirecdtly at Bingen. Our-wraps lay orderly, close by, for the day was cloudyT.with occasional lain- On j landing we went at -gnee to the hotel , Bellevue. j which stood at the river's bank. We remametl ; at Bingen three days ; pur intended stoy bad been for five. We.iett most suddejabTc "hy ? i After breakfast on the third day we started j for a lon walk. . The weather wassupfirb. We j lingered for some time ha, the country, .and when ; we at last turned hotelward it was Hearing the ' hour of noon. ». Wa walked idly along tha river's edge enjoying thoroughly the beauties of . the scenery ; Aiaane skipping at my side, was pitcliing stones into .the water. We passed few people, for the sun was growing hot and dinner time approaching Several rods ahead «B eaw a woman swiftly running ; reaching, th silver's ; bank she jumped far.out into the Bhine, Before we could realise what had occurred she appeared in the middle of the river. We saw for an instant's hat, a face, a mass: of black hair, then .only -a sheet of glistening water. At that very moment there stood on . the, bank another woman. : Before one of us hoatd speak all this happened. The woman, began .scream ing in horrible anguish. Each word we heard distinctly. - Laurens, Laurens, swim I swunl .Think of me, your wife Tristrie, your wife. Ok, < Laurens, my husband, swim!'' ,> .. ...r ,. Peojds were now ramiing from everywhere. If they heard her words they "took mo notice., i but to me they brought a revelation. Alaine, with eyes starting from her head, caught :me by the dress. " r "See that? Xo, there, there, floaisng by?" A black wig, a woman's wig. Mrs. Fitz Allenls , unbecoming hair Wiisbouncing.ay' along, sent by the wind over the BMne. " Tne body was never recovered: It was not until the next day that the search bemin. The drowned lady was a -stranger end the only -person ehe- had been Eeen with" was not to bo found; TTistrie. alias Mrs. Bice, had fled. We deft 1 | Bingeu that night. The sight . we had of the Iikiue was lasting; Alaine beseeched to go. -v A friend at my request then returned to America, hunted up old papers and found that years buck, in New York city, Laurens Mo ntd had been arrested for high swindling operations,' sentenced, andescajjed from pijaon. After all, I my poor Mia. Fitz Allen had told me the true story of her lifh. andin her excitement exposed ; what I was loath to believe, and what ahe lead ' tried to conceal so manv vears— she Was, mv trite ' — ainnn. — ATcr Tori;, Herald. _r'\ 