WAS IT A GHOST. A DOCTOR'S STORY. I had been sent for in great haste, and had fancied that I was needed in some extremely critical case, for the hour was nice in the evening and the night a stormy one. What, then, was my surprise, when I had been ushered into a handsome parlour in one of the best hotels, to find, sitting in a large arm-chair, and with no appear- ance of ill-health about her, a very beauti- ful woman whom I knew to be an actress of position, and had often admired her upon the stage. She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Her maid, a Spanish-looking woman with a beautiful olive skin, remained standing near the window. 'You look surprised, doctor,' the lady began, motioning me to a seat. ' You will be more so before yon leave me. I am not ill and I can see that yon know that at a glance. " 'You certainly are looking very well, madam,' said I. ' I am feeling well," said she ' The question that I desire to ask you, as a man who has made the brain in some degree, a speciality, is—Am I mad ? You need not mind my maid ; she speaks no English. I want you to give me your opinion. Do you think me insane ?' 'That is a very difficult question, madam,' said I. ' A doubt of your ration- ality would never have occurred to me. Besides insane people never guess their condition. However, you must have some reason for asking the question ?' 'A very grave one,' she answered. 'Either I am out of my mind or there are such things as ghosts." 'There are optical illusions also, madam,' said I. ' But illusions of the senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once—would that not be madness ?' asked she. 'Not if you were aware they were illu- ions,' I answered. 'But they seem real to me,' said the lady—'oh, so real! I suppose you read the stories about me in the papers ? You have heard of the man who killed himself for love of me !' 'The Frenchmen ? I asked. 'To toll the truth I have read of it.' 'They said I was cruel to him,' said the lady, growing somewhat excited. 'I was not. I was kind at first; but he dogged my footsteps and threatened my life. Not at first, of course, but after I had accorded him an interview, and re- fused him as gently as a woman could refuse a man. He wanted me to marry him. He was rich, of good family; he was honourable, and very, very much in love. But I—how could I love a stran- ger ? And he was ugly—a great savage looking creature. After that he tried to kill me. He shot at me. I had him ar- rested, and he committed suicide in prison. She paused and shuddered. 'It is he who comes,' she added. 'Naturally,' said I, you have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams are so vivid that you fancy them actual occurrences.' ' I knew you would say,' that she sigh- ed, ' but I have very vivid dreams, for in these friends who have been dead for years come to me. They speak and move and touch me, But when I awake I know that I have been dreaming. This is different. My ghost—or ray madness —comes to me upon the stage.' 'Upon the stage !' I reported. 'Yes,' she answered. 'He says I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when he came. He often came, but never before did he touch me. This time he laid his hand upon my arm and whisper- ed: 'I tell you you must retire from the stage! I exact this penalty of you. The next time you tread tho boards I will kill you !' 'Well !'said I. 'I fainted,' said the lady; 'and fortu- nately it was the right thing to do at the moment. Only my fellow-actors guessed the swoon not to be a real one. But the next day I cancelled my engagement. I declared myself ill. The truth is I was very much frightened. I had grown used to his staring and pointing to his throat, but when it came to touching me and speakin'— She paused, shuddering violently. ' Yours is a case of disordered nerves, madam,' said I. 'I advise you to take a holiday.' 'I don't dare to go on acting !" she gasped. 'Don't you see that? Why, I really believe you don't know why I am so troubled. In the very prime of life, with everything I value at my hand, I must sink into obscurity—retire on a small sum of money, when I might make an immense fortune—give up the applause I live for, the art I adore—and all because a ghost will have it so !" The tears arose to her beautiful eyes. She wiped them away and forced a laugh 'Oh, you knnow I had rather think myself a little out of my mind than to believe in my ghost !' said she. 'So should I,' said I. 'If you will take my advice, you will give yourself a holiday, surround yourself with friends, and forget your hallucination—it is one. You are just a little upset, and it will pass.' I wrote a prescription. Take this at night, I said. 'I assure you that science has distinctly proven the fact that ghosts do not appear to any one.' Shortly I went my way. The fee sent me greatly exceeded my usual one, and the next day I read in the papers that Madame—had taken her physician's advice, and would spend a twelvemonth in Southern Europe. It was more than a year, however, be- fore I saw on the walls of the finest theatre in the city the announcement of Madam—'s reappearance. She was to play in her favourite role, and the papers were full of paragraphs concerning lier. She was, they said, handsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming, than ever. Seats at the theatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks in advance and at fancy prices. As I had my fortune yet to make I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to at- tend on the first night, but I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats and white ties. The house was full of the most elegant people in the city. The company was fine—the music excellent. The curtain rose upon the unimportant characters who always usher in a play, and finally the door at the back of the stage was flung open by a servant, and Madame — entered. A roar of ap- plause greeted her. The papers were right. She was handsomer than ever. Her role was one to call forth all her art She did not fail. As the play proceeded I noticed, how- over, that she occasionally glanced in the direction of one of the side scenes in a way I did not like. As the curtain rose upon the last act there seemed to be a longer wait than usual at the time when we should have entered; howerer she came. She advanced to the footlights. The part she played placed hor in that scene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. She turned and faced them. They flourished weapons in the air. She ad- dressed them, her tall form drawn to its height. My memory of the play was that at this moment anecour arrived, but it occured to me that the scene was changed. From the midst of the mob a strange wild figure rushed forth. I saw it but for a moment. It threw back the collar of its coat and rovealod a red gash across its throat, and flung out its hands towards her. I saw it but for a moment, wondering what connection it had with the play; then I saw Madame—fall forward on her face. The curtain fell. The house was in an uprear of excitement. A moment after a call was made for a doctor. I was the first to answer it. A little gronp of physicians gathered about the beautiful form that they had lifted to a sofa ; but we saw at a glance that we looked upon a dead woman. For my part a horror beyond that which sudden death inspires possessed me. 'Did yon notice the moment at which she fell ?' I asked a prominent physician who stood near me and whom I knew well. 'Yes,' said he "as she spoke the last words of her defiance. Her friends were about to appear." 'I fancied one of the populace—the one who touched her, who had blood upon him, frightened her,' I said. 'Oh, no one touched her, my dear fellow.' There is nothing of that sort in the play. She awed them by her manner you know. Good heavens, what a sad this is !' 'It is horrible,' I answered. I think so still. No one but myself had seen the men with the blood upon his throat unless she did, and unless all that I am bound as a medical man to disbelieve is true, there are such things as ghosts. 