Roses and Diamonds. BY 1GXEB nntST. \- They lay before hex— a neekUce of cl qtneitely wruuyht gold, eet With fleehlng diamond*, that glittered ftnd ep&rkled; in the - light ol the morning enn, like'eyee of living fire, and 0 bonqnet of nro white roaei, pore and dainty, ' interspened. with aprays of featborramilax— fit ornament* fox a qneen,- - E .telle Gordon raited the eaae.whioh con tained the jewele, and .from it drew a tiny piece of folded pepct, . She opened H, utd read for the second timo the worde it con tained. As ehe' returned , the - paper to'., the case, a flash ol triamph stained her beantifnl' face, and an erollant ifght leaped into her dark eyes,. She bent.her.ntren-head ebore the flaming etone*,/ and a emtio, oUrred the scarlet of her haughty lipe- aa ehe. said Boftly: 'At last— at last t Eroih childhood /it ha* been my dream; ' Wealth, Boclal position' — in exshangs for - the**, Sorely :beanty and yenth ehoold be gladly giren.'/ As- Eager Wolrerton'B wile, I ehall be forever free from poverty's galling chain; my .life will be bright and beanttinl as a bntterfly'sjommer.. Ko longer dependent npon the bounty/ of others, 'mietrees oi an elegant home, first in; the heart of a noble, honorable man— what: more eonld woman desire 1' - - But the smile slowly faded, and the jewel case clipped from, her handi as her eyes tell on the rosea, white and fragrant,' 'sending ont their mnte appeal for the donor. / .She raised the card attached to the bonqnet, and as ehe read the one line written thereon^ the light of triamph fled from her eyes, and in eteal there oame an 'expression- offender, wisttnl yearning. '1 wonder whet life wonld be -withoat him,' ehe marmn'red, as she buried her face in the rosea, 'without the sonnd of his roics, witboot the toncb of his hand, '' Gonld old Soger Wolrerton and hie diamondB com pensate for the Iobb of his lore ?' 'r- Her eyes fell again on the oard, ; ' 'EsreixE Will yon wear my roses to night, asa token that I may some day call yon wif^ 'HiEOLD IliCV.' - ' Bores and diamonds,' she mormtired. '-Buses and diamonds I Whioh shall it. be?' ? ' ' . ?- When Uisa Gordon, accompanied by' her onole, entered the Garrington.drawing-room that evening, all eyes were tamed to ward the tall, graoslol figure robed in gleaming white satin. Her faeantifol faoe was aglow with emiles, her dark eyea were flashing ..with excitement; ehe had never appeared more lovely to the somewhat indistinat vision of Mr. Roger Wolrerton, who' now appeared be fore her, and offered his arm with/an evident air of proprietorship; .for, arodnd EBtelle Gordon's beantifnl neofc waa fastened ? a diamond necklace. . With a laughing glanoe ehe placed the lips of her white- gloved fingers onhia coat slepva, and together they moved down the room, the' cynosure of all eyes. From a eortained recess Harold Jjaoy watched them. - When they were nearly op posite the spot -on which he stood,' he leaned eagerly forward end eoanned closely the form of the. woman he loved. His roses were not . there ! ' ' 1 ? ' .v ? ? - ? . ' He passed nia hand across his eyes, as if something marred, their sight, and looked again. ' No, neither in the raven hairnor on the' white breast lay the flowers he longed to see. Two men were standing near, and as in a dream their words reaohed him. ' . ' ?'Onr 'qneen rosebud' hae at las I been pluoked,' eaid one. ' ' What do yon mean ?' queried tap other,, carelessly.- ? :./ 'Why, my dear boy, where are yonr eyes ? Do yon not perceive the 'this is my pro perty, I have booght and paid for it ' air with which old Wolverton ia regarding Miss Gordon ? And sorely that necklace has' not , escaped yonr observation? Peoper nncles,. however fond, are not, aa a rule, given to be etowing costly ornamente npon the ohildren of their dead brothers. Ton may rely npon it, that necklace is.not the ontoome oi Cap tain Gordon's generosity. Don't yon think it looks like old Wolverton-J'N. Iisoy waited to hear no morervSurely he. most be dreaming. She had told-£im her Iove'in all bnt words ; the man had litMj.ehe. had forgotten his roBes; they hadl nlSIJiji reached her, perhaps. No mistake ehohld wreck their Uvea; ha would allow no jealous rfnger to $art him from -the woman he adored; With a few qolok strides he reaohed her eide; and said quietly : r' ' Will you waltz with me?.': 1 ' ' Mr. Wolverton was not an adept in lhe ari of dancing, as his betrothed very, well knew. It was not quite the proper thing ta leave his side at so eirly a' stage of the even ing'e proceedings, bnt involuntarily the murmured en assent as ehe met the Bteady gaze ol Leoy's eyes, and the nsxt instant they were floating down .the room together, to the strain of an enchanting waltz. '? It waa for the- last time— to-morrow she would be bonnd in all honor to another^ after to-night he wonld go ont of her life forever, and henoetorth' their paths wonld. diverge. - ? . Well, ehe wonld forget in time, and he— Idke'the sharp thraet of a dagger oameVhe thought that some day he' would love again. Bbehadnot thought belor/ that the heart she so ruthlessly cast asidamight.Bcme day be offered to another. Ab, how blessed the woman who wonld. listen to the inuaio of hii voice in that word ' wife.' - - Bnt ehe had Chosen, and chosen .well, sha told herself, with a determined flash of her eyes. She wonld abide by her eholoe between rosea ani diamonds. - ; V .'The mosio ceased and they stood togetber hear a window wbloh opened na^ a verandah. Without a word he drewjaside the hangings', and led ont hex ont into the (harp, ohill air of the winter night. The 'iters looked down upon the snow wrapt earth, and from far away there came the clear, iwedt sonnd of a bell. Eitelle felt her heart bound violently, and a tremor of delicious excitement thrilled her from head to foot. - . Wonld'he tell her of hie lore? ; Should Ac. listen to the mnelo of bis plehdlpgt? ' ? / There was something akln to pleading in big voioe, bnt his face waa'aUtn and eoldpaa ba (aid slowly : '-.-yj- \- ' I wish to know If yon received the rosea and the card attaohed, whioh 'J- sent/this afternoon 1' : -j- ; ? ' Yea,' she mnrmuMd, faintly.- ;? ? -His faee. whitened, visibly aa ha -put the next qneitlcn, ; : 'pld yon wear hla diamond! inpreterenea to my roteafi' ; ; ? -j_i vii; * - ' Yea,' aba anawared again, bnl tnad low it tone thathaheird.lt with dUBenlty, \- For a mbmsnt neither spoke i^haa laS, nffemd hla .ann/wilh vr fcigld ? how ? tod smile- ''--' - - - '-V--S : - / ;' '? ?' Bhall wa ratom to- the : diawlsg-room? The nlgbt aU fg e*gggdlBgIy.oool.';--r: -7 : -.??OloggtiM blind t,' Uimaiat, and then lay otrt toy draw few w» mi?; i HYsSe'ratdftOV1 / Mfg, WWwton'iVwwd 'nowd awlflly ?hont tha'roqm .nnta'jtiM eommand ot bar ntetvM had haen^ obeyed, and then stood re ?ptelfaUy awaittog farther ordgn. \--' Yon guy go now tOL'do- not wish to 1m dlitorbed Jor u botw,' - v oikho^det wblM^ngrdHkad wlthxare Jewrti. Wtht rann hiur faUhSllneailtaBd watu abonther/andrjuher 'proud; dark face whighbU ion «om «t.lu,«M-ttB»i-*airty- though. five years bad. pasted.. over Biille-^jl; Gordon's head -since the nigh Tot the -Oar- rington'e ball * ^ After an engagement of rtbreh months eho - beoams the wiiqjSf Boget;Wolrerton, and In /? - S.jS a distant city, removed fromall.eariy aicoci- . ations, far (rom anghb -which eoqid eerre io.v'V recall the memory of tifeg povorty -stricktfa / . ?: gulhood, the days passed on one mad- giddy / - whirl of never ceasing geTaty . . . ? f-. ? / .Her mamage brought -all. ehe had hoped ; j/ fcut; and; every longing: whiidi had filled net 'young heart was gratified.- . Queen ol the ' ''-?? world in whieb ehe. moved; -ftttd, admired, . -- mto vied with eaebnther for her emflee, and:/-1 all. that wealth ooold porebaBS or position - .: - eommand.was laid at her feet. ' - ?? ?? - -T,. . ? Just as she began to weary of~the nfo she/ , .v/. led; when the pleasures of.-eomety began, tcf - 'Si pail; wben abe gras tired oTplaying with the hearts oi men,'' she waa Suddenly .set free.— ? ; : Death claimed Soger Wolverton; and as soocrj, alterward as: possible bis widow -fought -/ -1-. foreign lands. ' ♦ \- Alter two years of travel she returned to ' --.;-;- her 'native vOIsgF, - and waa now, with h'sf -T^ -.' maid, installed in her former.home, thW - i gneBt of her nnele;Cap»ain Gordon. ^ '\i' Her; return- waa gladly hailed by the /.village eoeiety, of whieti she had once been .S* qneen. Oldfrisndshastenedto welcome the 7.; ' wealthy Mrs. -Wolverton,- old .-.admirere. - crowded in, and from these ehe ' gatherea . ? v.L Harold Lacy's history during the- past five- ' - years.: ? Hbr/eyes sparkled wiih pride; end - ? - her dark face flushed ,as ehe listened-to tho . -? -; story of his. ceaseless straggle with fortnne/' daring ths-years she had devoted to Bengalees' - -\ frivolity.', QneoesS had. erowntd his efforlF. - however; . thd. famo'ha -had coveted, tbo ; wealth for which 2)o had.ilbored ao faithfully - 7 had come at last, and' nowVae a- melriber of ., Vs the legal profession, hia nstuo rang aver tbo ? land.' - ' i ?- -f , AS aha Bat to-day before the glqrriug flrg*--7'n', her dark' eyee fixed -oh tbe dancing flames, y a smile- parted her lips,', and the- faabitoalisi&a; expression .of .'.incttkery faded from fair faoe. . . - '? .-????.. v ' ' r,5?! ' He Is minol' she esid softly. Mine, mine 1 -Ah, lilc is still full ol prnmiasl Wo- tjy^ shell meet to night;, every bitter thought will be forgotten in the greatness of his lover-'-^ and henceforth life will be heaven. I wonder'- - A/ if timo has changed him I . Thank Heaven, :,._-^g my beanty is nndimmed : by years f _ The woman of twenty-five is as lair ae tho girl of twenty, who won. and caat aside his heah^fiye .'-7^1 years ago.' Yes, my.marriago was a shiKar^/v/^ it gave mo the experience wiihou t - wUolf 'xT-jofe could never have been. content, andnow iato':--/ti^: offers tbe love of. the man who alone can'flU'frifssjj my heart.' . Three honra later, Mrs Wolverton -entire dy /yg-: the drawing room in-.. which, years hsfcne;:yf:-'d Estelle -Gordon bad' eold/hereelf for^gold;?©^ Mre. Carrington hasiohtd 'forward, to grret7.:;i/g her. ' . , - -t -.ij ' Yon are late, -my dear ; bnt sinoe-yon ao - A.-- narrowly eecaped being a etropgerr' 1; stntHrT-nsJ pardon yon. Coma this waj^-aeya?%l 'ol my trienda are wild to meet y ou.- I have also an extremely interesting oonple to. :»presenf,/v!-Vye Harold Lacy and his wife. -What is it myyik dear Estelle, yon are as wbito as a ghost;-/-.,»a and oh 1 yon have, broken that- beantifnl .-3s|a fan.' . ? rs ' It is nothing,' mnrmnred:-Mis,.Wolver;. -ir^ ton. . jg With a. mighty effort ahe- Bteadie4 her-s'^g Voio», and said carelessly : - 1 ' la not Mr; Laoy's maniage w-reoent event,?' ? ?' - ^ ? -j, * SfS . ...'.'Quite reosnt. and very -endden, thongh not altogether unexpected. - Ha has been ba--*f i trothed tor a year to Alice Dcnnox, whom haryj: : met while on avieit to o neighboting town; . They were, married 'yesterday, and -name 'direotly to Harold's home in the-.: vtll^a. ' Fortunately I was ' informed - of -what had ? :f taken place, in - time- to have - them: with na this evening; -Bat. they aro coming thil Wttj.-- - how— is'ehanot pretty 7' . For a moment a sonod-like tbasurging.of . many .waters' fiUed Estellq Wolverton'a earn, - and sho was blind trredl arcnnd heft '.Then ' self-possession redngdy and v/ith a.'gfhile -. and geBthre thaoMokened a thofpogh . woman , ot tfie'- wtjEB^ia advanoed. 3ritb. - her hostess to moHRJ^HoId Lacy .ahi- hrt - Tbere were b'ot-few in the room who tVere , . ignoisht 0! Iiaoy'e' former -devotion* to the_^ fascinatlng Estello Gordon, -and ,njl^MflM|B| were kpon tho trio when they rthe-brmibitt Ughts of'the ohaups7!l)!n^| Jktin. BM. iT' bt4Tri'ril^^ ' a r llll'llnil 1 1 I 1 1 *1 1^ at the woman whom wife. She saw a tiny, childish figure . sSM^Wr some white, olinging, jllken/e(off,-«7pnr!' dimpled facefrerned by a soft mass ofgtudgn -' ' - curls, a pair of innocent,: honest blue eyer.a-f' ?mall white band on which shone a wedding . - ring, and ob, iroDy oi fate 1 whife roses and . aimilax in the lace at her throat. ? ,rf They soonmoyed on.'.and with apanglika the bitterness oi death, Estelle Wolverton ? realised that ehe bad lost Harold iorayer.' ) He loved this golden-'haired wife cf lu., and / ehe, the woman whom- fire ycara before/he - bad adored, woe nahgbt to bim. She soon withdraw/ from the - brilliant - throng; and when ehe reaohed hen ehambst, ^ , dismissed her maid and bolted the doer,:.- .. Alone with her desd hopes, her rnined Ufs, - ? !- her stained soul. Alone with ihetortonag regret whioh seemed to stifle her. With her . hud bowed on her arms, her banda clasped;-, her bosom heaving with a eionmof passion ?- ate sohs, she sat through the long honre o' : the night, ? * - 'My lady here alone, ~ : May think, till hei heart is broken, ' Of the love that is dead-and gone;-. .. v. Of the days that with no token - - \- Forovermore have flown.' Harold Laoy waa avenged, for in despair nna|tarablainir^ld'lpva repented hsrehoico --./.-?? betareen rosea imd diamonds. 