THE LOVERS ANO THE LUNATIC. AN ESCAPED MADMAN. J lie romantic reaches of the Upper \arra, nbovo Dight's falls, oro largely patronised hy pleasure seekers ott Sundays and holidays when tho weather is line. On such oc casions loving couples and family parties enjoy themselves thoroughly pulling up and down tho stream, which is itcrc, indeed, a rtycr of bcautv thnt would never bo antici pated by those who only know its lower roaches. A railway man on Monday Inst had, however, an experience that, so far as ho 13 concuriied, coos far to inako him swear ofT boating in that neighborhood for tho future. Seated in a plcamiro skill opposite his best girl, ho bad been putting in some fine work that displayed his musclu to the best advantage, and that caused the Awcct charmer 'in tho stern to think that Haitian, Senrloor Trickctv had not tho ghost ofaxltow with Edwin Aumiatu. A long, beautiful stretch of river, fringed with lino draopiug willows, was succeeded hy a romantic bend, in which nothing but Love s young dream was appropriate. I'ulling gently into the hank under tho willows, the boat was tnado fast to nn over hanging branch, nud the fond couple drifted away into tho contemplation of that bright future which they wcro to spend together, and where no thought of strikes, political complications or ntiy of the woes nnd disasters (hat besot ordinary mortals could enter. Bright water, droop ing willows, a pretty girl, yonng hearts, what could tw more delightful 7 So thought an inquisitive teal that came round to look , nt the strange intruders, aud then dis appeared with n gentle plnih that drew the attention of Edwin Augustus ton curious gurgling sound near him. Re leasing llio waist of Aratntntn, who fell bnuk in the stern sheets with a gentle shriek of alarm, tho enamored youth looked round nnd saw a ipau fully dressed straggling ui the water, and apparently at tho last gasp. He shoved thu boat into tho hank and directed Aramintn to jump ashore. This the little darling did without delay, tho water nnd mud making sad havoc of the dainty muslin skirts nud dolicato little shoe ami stocking, while Edwin Augustus manfully went to tho drowning tnau'w rescue. Witn great trouble ntfd at considerable risk he managed to get him ashore, and then the pair proceeded to follow tho directions for the recovery of tho apparently drowned. Their efforts were crowned with success, nnd in a few minutes the stranger sat up, anil glaring wildly, wanted to know "why thu Czar of Russi'a had omitted to put red pepper into the triponnd treacle." "Poor fellow," snid Edwin Augustus, "his sudden immersion has confused Itts faculties for tho moment." Then the wild-cyed stranger arose, and, with a yell of delight, danced ronnd poor Aratninta, saying ' Come and dine, my love, aud seek my palace fair beneath the pearly wave.'4 Arnininta's shrieks weroanswered by shouts, and on henring tin-so thcHtrnngcr darted oft through tho undergrowth. Edwin Augustus was busily engaged in tupug all his lover's arts to sootho the fears of the alarmed Aramintn, when two or three men ernfhed through tho hushes and asked, " Whcrois ho)" Edwin Augustus explained how and why tlicir lato visitor left tbcm, hut was assailed with abuse for not detain ing him, tho new comers stating the man wna an escaped lunatic, for whom they were in search.' The pair plodded homo wenrily, Aratninta going atrnight to bed, where she was attended to by her anxious mother, whilst Edwin Augustus hoarsely demands now nf all his acquaintances if they havo heard anything of un escaped lunatic fiom Yarra Bend. 