LEONARD 8 LI'. NS AY,' j TfiE STORY OF A BUCCANEEli AXOUS I!. URACIL (Tlihta ntAic of the lout Kciirmtiou. nnd, mine j iKwhii, lihe moo, hnvo their chniipp.'i, and Boinetknt# j uchiovo undowrvwl fume, or h after unmerited di~ I asteT, ho *4 Leonard Liuduny, the f?Uiry of a Jluooanoer,** furs fallen into n vory unjust forfretfu nww. The tale is one of lulvetilaro; it immckrt tf sea-wUt «d 8trou«l>' a# one of Starry ill's; it drawtt w picture of n. poriahhd typo of Iffo n!ma*t an vividly m’ Scott himself could do; and it tells its story in nti Kn^ttAh na pure find crisp iih that of Hobeit Louh Stevenson. Our TOulwtu will have it rare literary treat Jo this picluro of the <1uvh when there \tuh ** uo «awwith Spain beyond tho liuo.”^ CHAPTER I. OP3fY HOT1I001), A NU HOW IlKUt’O CAST AWAY AT SKA, I AM CMULCKD TO TUB VEST INDIES AOAr.YST MY WILT.. Ifc wtt« in tho luir mmlighfc of a May morn ing, in tho year of Graeo lG7‘i, that that grant bravo ship, the Golden Grave of Leith, ioiotod her brand Hailfl, with many a fluttering pendant and streamer above them,, and stood proudly down the Firth ■of Forth, designing to roach tho open «wGan, not fnr from tho hill, well known to mariners by the name of tho North Berwick liftw. On board of tho Golden Grove, I, Leonard Lindsay, tboa iu my twenty-second year, was, you must know, a sailor, and I iopc a bold one. My father was a fisherman, trnd, as I.may any, hi* opblo woo my orndlo. Many a rough rooking in truth it bestowed -upon me, for it was hia uso ovou before I could go alone, to carry mo vrith him a fish ing wrapped up, it. may be, in a tattered sail, -while my mother, with a creel upon her back, jpuraoyod through tho laud warn towns, and to tho.houses of tho gentry, to soil tho spoil yif hook and net. Wo fared hard and worked hard; for no moro industrious folk lived in tho fisher-town «f Kirk Leslie, a pleasant and goodly spot, lying not far from tho East of Keulc of Fife, than old Davie Lindsay and .Teas, his wito , and my mother. Many a weary night and day have corao and gone since X 1>chcld that Loach whoreou I was born ; but I can yot, «hut ray eyes and see our cottage and our Loot—called the “ Royal Thistle’'—rocking . at the loo of tho long rough pier of unhowu whinstono, gathered from the wild muirs' around, which ran into tho Bca and sheltered , tho littlo fisher harbour, formed by tho burn «f Balwoarie, whero it joins the waters of its black pools to the salt briuo. Opposite our Louso waa a pretty green bouroek, ns we colled it, that is to say, a little bill, mostly of bright green turf, with hunches of bent and long grass, which rustled with a sharp sad *ound when tho cast wind blow onoll, nod creeping cosily into the chimney neuk, >vo would listen to tho roaring of the eoa. But tho l>ourock was oftentimes browu with nots or with wot saila stretched tlioro to dry, and boloW it tlioro lay, half-buried in tho Band, old boats, mouldering away, and masts and oars ull shivored, blenching like big bones in tho sun and tho rain. I remembor old Bavio Lindsay my father well. Ho was a stern, big man, with a grisly grey heard, sharod but once a month. No fisher on tho coast had & surer hand for tho tiller or a firm or sripQ to haul aft tho sheet of the lugeail in a fresh breeze and a gathering «ou. Often when wo wero rising and falling ■on tho easterly swell, half-a~score miles from Kirk Loslio pier, ho loved to toll mo old world tales and sing old-world songs of the *ea. Then would ho recount how tho Hover mink tho bell which good abbot Ignatius, of Aberbrothwick, caused to bo placed upon tho wild Bell Bock, as a guido to poor mariners; mid how tho pint to dreed tho weird—that is, mu dor went the fate—ho had prepared for himself, and lost with ship and crew on that Tory roof. Sometimes, too, ho would drop hia voioo, and whou I camo close to him, ho would speak of great monsters iu tho son ; of ■ .the oocnu snake, whoso head lcokod up at tho hridgo of. Stirling, uud whoso tail went nine times oi*ouhd tho Boss ; of singing mermaids .who como upon tho yoliow sands at night, And beguile men with their false lays, Ull thoy loavo houso and homo, boing bewitched by the glamour of elfin palaces under tho brine; and, most terrible of all, of phantom .ehips with crews of' ghosts, which sailors see by tho pale glimmerings of tho moon, whan it ahinos tli rough tlio driving send, upon a mirk midnight and a roar ing eca. Bat, then, if I was fright ened and cried, my father would straight way oluujgo tho theme, and burst out with a strong clear voice into somo loud fishing song, nr, what I loved bettor still, into some bravo, ancient ballad, about tho fair kingdom of Scotland, and its gallant kings and stalwart knights ; and of such, my favourite was the lay of Sir Patrick Spans, for ho was both a knight and a sailor, Tho kimr sits in Dunfermline town, Drinking; the bltnle-vod wiiw*, O whom will I get u slowly skipjwr To nail tlito hU»P of mine i Thou up anil spake an el.lori Sat at tho king’s right knee, fiir Patriric Specs is the host sailor Tlmt ever sailed tho ««t. Oh, I can yet hew my father's strong voieo Tiring over tho dash of the water and the -moan of tho wind, as ho sung the bravo ' woyago of Sir I’a trick to Norm way, to bring 1 homo tho king's duughtor; but bis tones ] ■would rink and grow hoarse and low, when he chanted the storm, and tho perishing of 1 all tho fair company on the voyage home. ' 0, forty mils off Ahonlocu 1 ♦Tis fifty fathom deep, 1 And then! lien gudo Sir I’atriek Spens, « Wi' Uio Scots Ionia n t his feet. \ My fathor's long home was also tho bottom j tlio aoa. One wild March day, tho eoblo left Kirk Lealio pier without me. I staid at ■homo mending a drod<ro-net with my , mother. The eastorly h:u* wua on tho •coast, that U to say, thick cold mists •and a keen wind. As tho sun roso high so ; -did. the tompoat; wo could flee nought son- , ward, for tho groy fog was out upon tho water, but overy v.'ave came white, over and •over tho pier, from end to c*id. My mother went to and fn*. wan, and praying to her- ( self ; as indo'd did mauy anothor fishor wlfo, for they had great cause. The night ! was awful. * T sat cowering beside my : mother, who was rooking herself on a settle ■with hor nnron over her bond; or now and , then stole aown to tho beach, to whero men , ntood with luntorns upon masts to show tho horbour mouth to the poor folks nt soa. "Threo boats, wirii crews pale and worn, made , the land before the day ; an hour of tor dawn ( ou^ooblo came tOMSing to the outsido bolt of tho, surf—but cW was bottom upwards. In a month after this, my mother and I went to hor father’s, a very old man, and a reverend elder of the kirk. Ho sent ino to school to Dominie Buelmnan, a learned carle, who by his own account behoved to bo of tlio -race of tho grout Ceordio Buchanan, of whom they toll merry tales, which Rurely arc idle And false, for ho was n sovore, grnvo man, and handled (be tnivso unmercifully, as Iiih royal pupil, gentle King Jamie, could in bis iimo wolf testify. At school I was diligent, »nd pleased master and frionds. Afterwords, up to ray sixteenth birthday, I went much a fishing in tlio boat of Sannclors . JDruugglefuto, my maternal uncle, when do siring to see moro of my country than could be descried in our furthest voyages botweon • Kirk Loriio nior and tho deep-sea fisheries at the bnolr of tlio Isle of May, I made Jmany -coasting trips, for tho space of near fivoyears, in tho stout brig .Toon Liringstono, belonging to Kirkaldr, during which timo I twico visited the Thames and tho city of London ; plyiug also onco each yonr with a gToatcargo herrings to Antwerp, in tho Low Countries. But still I wished to^ see tho world furthor from homo, and to this intent preferred rather to go on board tho Golden Grovo of Leith as Aooinmon sailor than to l>o mnto of the Jean Livingstono, a promotion which was offered _mo by John Swanson, skipper and part owner •f tho brig. Tho reason of my coming to think of tho Goldon Grovo wiis, that the Jean Livingstone , having a cargo of goods from Yarmouth to Edinburgh, lay while they were delivered oloso by tlio great ship, then proparing at tho foot of Leith Wynd for a voyage to "Italy, and from thenoo to divers porta on tho Moorishsido of tlio Mediterranean sea. Now Italy was a laud which I had long wished to behold as being once tho seat of that great people tho Romans, some knowledge of tho poetry and philosophy of whom, tho worthy | Dotninio Buchanan had not failed to instil , into me, but which I ofttimes felt with pain to bo fuufc failing from my mind. Traleed, 1 must toll you that it in to tho exertions of that learned man that 111ia narrative is alto* goth or owing*, for ho, serin jr, as ho was pleased to any, a more congou in l soil to sny mind for tho iw.xIh of his instructions than wna presented by tho other Hsbor-l/jys, took great pains to irnbttn mo with a love lor the humanities, which lws not deserted mo entirely until this day. After much ponder ing upon my prospects, I therefore finally made up ray mind to offer myself on board of tho Golden Grove, which 1 did, and was fioooptad without more ado. My friends would haro mo ‘pause nnd think of the dangers of nnknown cheats, and pirates and robbers of the &oa; ; but I knuw Captain John Coxon, of the Golden Grove, to ho ft stout and experienced seaman, mul ono wlvo whs readily trusted with rich freight?—while as to freebooters, whoa I looked upon tho nmiy of culvtgins, demUculvcriuH, caul falconets ranged upon the decks, and also tho kIiov/ of carabines and >pattorrerocs placed about the musts, with many stout fellows to man und wield them, I felt we could bid dotvmoo to any rover who over nailed out of Sallee. Therefore, to make a long story short, wo completed our cargo, took in provisions and water, and, as hfus been wild, on a fine May i morning, X do not remember tho exact day, sailed. Thu wind was ho foil* that by even fall wo saw St. Abb's Hoad. And hero at tho outset, of what was to mo ho adventurous n ▼oyago, I vould dus ftcrilxs my captain and my shipmates, ns well as tho stout vessel hcrsolf, tho latter being indeed a bravo cruft, with top-gnllanb fore cast! o and high poop, surmounted by three great InntoniB ; but, as tho reader will shortly 1 porooivo, tho Golden Grove and I soon parted 1 company, and I never saw cither her or any 1 of her crow again. ( We carried the fair north wind j^with 1 us all along tho English const, until passing j through lire Straits of Dover, we bode fare well to tho white dills. Thon in two days’ * time we saw upon tho lari ward bow groat rooks which form the cape called La Hogr.o, 1 in Franco, and passing to tho westward of . tho island of Guernsey, sighted the little into of Ushaut lying off the port of Brest, where the French maintain fleets and great naval J stores. Hereabouts the wind changed,' ‘ veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon uh billows so vast tlr.it wo 1 could well discern that wo were no longer in ' tho narrow seas, but exposed to tho great 11 strength and fierceness of tho Atlnutio or r Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, howover, ? wo made good progress. Tho breeze was ! nob steady, but blow in squalls, milking it 1 often necessary to hand topsails, and raising ® great seething aeao around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At . nightfall on tlio eighth day of our voyage, * wo lost sight of Usliaut and ontore<l into J tho great Buy of Biscay. Tlio sea horo ruus ? exceedingly high, tumbling into tho shoro in L groat ridgoH of blue water; but with a stout ' ship, well manned, the nature of tho waves 1 is not ho dangerous »4 that of tho short, c hoiliug Burgos in tho North Sea. And now T I como to tlm accident which eo sadly doter mined my lot for many a day. 1 On tho morning of either the 13th ortho E 14th May tlio weather was squally and un- t Dottlod, and tlio sea irregular and high. ^ About 8 o’clock, looking forth to windward, ( I flaw a groat blackness In tlio sky, which I c took to bo tlie proludo of a gust of no common t strength. At tlio samo moment tho mate of ( tho watch ordored tho topmon aloft to hand tlio topsails, wo carrying at tho moment no higher canvas. My station was upon the loo ward foro-topsail yardarm, und as X clung by tho manropcfl to tho groat croaking pieces „ of timber, grasping tho flattering canvas of ( tlio Boil, I thought I had never soon a finer night than tho groat rolling eliip bolow, wallowing and labouring in tho white i foaming fioas, wliioh would Bomotimes strike her and pour hoary masses of oloargroon water in a flood ovor tho decks. "When wo wore securing tho soil, the motion aloft was very great, wo being violently swung from rudo to side in such wise ns might well make giddy nrou tlio grizzled Load of an old mariner. Meantime, tho gust to windward wuhcomiug fast; tho blackness increased, and a rushing sound, ns of tlio chariot wheels of a host, rose above tlio rndo clamour of tho sea. Thon, umid groat showers of flying brine, which it drovo bo foro "it, tho fierce wind struck tho Goldon Grove bodily over upon hor wido. At tho sumo instant I heard a hoarso voice below Buramoning tlio men from the yards down upon deck; but us I was about to oboy, the tempest grew terriblo. Xhero wero great . clouds of mist abovo me, tlirough which I could boo nought below but tlio wliito patches of waves breaking ovor tho strong ■ bulwarks of tho Bhip. Suddenly the canvus, which had uot been quite secured, was tom open, as it were, with a loud screech by tho ■ wind, and flapped uud banged ho that I felt the very must shako and quiver violently, while 1 received rude blows from tlio loose and flying ropes, insomuch w*, being half blinod by that and tho pelting of tho brine, I shut my eyes, nnd bending down my. head grasped tho yard firmily in :ny arms. I might. , have remained thus throe or four seconds, when I heard thu load howl of tho wind suddenly in crease ton sort of old ritch scream. In a moment, tho must gave two violent jerks, and with tho i third I heard five or six Hounding twangs i like tho breaking of harp-strings, and iinmo* diatcly a crashing of wood. Then, still ding ing to ttio yard, I was hurried with a mighty < rush through the air, nnd suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all 1 gurgling over my head, and I know at tho i Kamo timo that tho Goldon Grove had carried • away hor fore-topmast, and I wits overboard in tho boiling sea. < By instinot, I suppose, I struggled to i climb upon the floating wreck so as to got : my head und shoulders above water. Then i I saw that I was ulono in my misery. I have said that my station was at tho outer ] end of tho yard, and I conceive i that my shipmates must lmvo gained ■ tho top, and from thence, I hoped, tho deck. But nfl for mo, I saw nought but speedy drowuing for my fate. The seas roue in i great foaming peaks and pyramids around i me, and tho wind drovo drenching showers i from tho crests of tho waves down into tho < hollows. All around gloomy clouds passed swiftly, torn by tho squall ; but tho pitchy darkness which showed whore its strength i lay, was far down to leeward, and looking thereat as X roso upon a higher Boa than : common, I faintly descried tlio ship in a ■ crippled plight, but having managed to put ; hor holm up ho uh to scud before tho storm. Slio was already near a league uway, and i leaving me fast, so that tho bitterness of ! death rose up in my very heart. For a moment I thought I might as well die at i once, and lotting go my hold of the spars, ■ I allowed myself to sink backward into tho Hen. But God huH • wisely inudo man to lovo life with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death as with a grim euoiny. Therefore, ns tho water closed abovo mu, and I felt suffocating, I could not help milking a Htnigglo, which soon replaced mo on my desolate scat on the floating wreck. I looked at tho spurs, and saw that tho topmast hud broken only about a foot beneath tho place to which the yard had been lowered. Nearly tho whole of tho fore top and tho top-gallant musts of tho Goldon Grove, with the frag ments of tho forutopeuil, which had'been rent almost into ribbon, nnd tho yard to which they wero fastened lay therefore in tho sou. I clambered in from tho cud of tho yard, and took up my position where the must and it crossed ouch othur; making myself fast thorcto with ono of tho numerous ends of broken rope which abounded, and for near an hoursatdisnmlund uhnostbroken-hearted, un heodful of how tho waves tossed mo to and fro, or how thoy sometimes burst over and almost, stifled me. T whs somewhat roused by a feeling of warmth, and looking abroad saw that the clouds had broken, and that tho sun was shining brightly on tho sou. Tlio wind was also abated, und tho waves not combing so violently, I was mom at ease. Thon I heard that torn hie sound — tho sound of tho sea alone—which no ono Xuia listened to savo ho who has swam far from any vessel, or who, like myself, has i clung to ti driving spar. On tho beach you hear the j surf, where Lho waroa burst upon rock or sand ; on shipboard you hoar the ; da slung of tho billows on counter and prow; i and, abovo thorn all, tlio sigh of the • wind and the groaning of tlio timbers t and musts. But to bear tho bob clone, i you must bo ulouo upon tho boo* X will Ml vim of tho unm: il; ih us of u threat multitudinous hiss, risijg universally about you—tho buzz of tho fomenting and yeasty waves. There are noclctp, hollow rumblings. Kxcopt for that Ui.sfcm$,>soothing wound, tho grout billows ri.so and aiuk iuwlenoe; and you look over u tumbling waste of blue or green watbr, all ■ laced and dashed, and variegated with a thousand stripes, and Ktroakf, and veins of white ghmoixig froth, which embroider it wero with lace, tho dark masses of houving und fulling rfoan. Hearing this sound,"and seeing this tight, I tossed until tho huh got high and warm. I felt no vory poignant anguish, for lay soul was clothed, uh it. wero, in a spooks of lothargy—tho lively of despair. So mod men only I tried to nrny, but thoughts and tongtio would grow benumbed togotbor. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. 1 hoanl a sharp littlo dash in tho water, and a soft quackle, os of a sea-fowl. Looking up, I desoried bosido mo two daoke of that Bpocieo which wo, in tho yoottish seas, oalliid mnr rots ; they are white on tho breast and neck, und brown above, und bare very bright, glancing, yellow oyos. Moreover, they dive, and ubo their short wings undor water, as other fowls do theirs in hying. By tho appearance of those creaturca I know that laud was, at farthest, within two days’ sail. Thoro—tilting gayly over ouch ecu—they swam for hours, seeming t« -look at. mo ; win«tlmy* tk<»y—would divo, but they never went far from tho wreck, always coming up and riding bend to wind, with their keen yollow eyes fixed, aa I thought, upon the poor drowning mariner. Thoy seemed tamo and fcnrloss—for, indeed, what should thoy dreail from mo l Once, in a sort of melancholy mirth, X raised my arm threateningly, hut thoy stirred neither wing nor leg to floe, lifting over aeu.s which would make a groat mim-of-wm* -work und groan to hoi* very keol, but which these feathered ships, built by God, could outrido without u film of down being washed aside from their white breasts. Tho sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend tho westerly skies, and the afternoon was fair und warm, tlio wind now blowing but a summer breeze. Sometimes when on-tho crest, of a 8well, I looked anxiously for a Bail, but I saw nought h:iyo the bright horizon, against which tho Hliarp outlines of. tho wares roso and fell in varying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned mvsolf to death, and, covering my face with my hands, I, as it were, rnoaued, rather thun sung inwardly to myself, many verms of psalms, which, whon I was but a littlo child, I had repeated at my mother’s knee. Meantime, I begun to feel a etiil'wi ing and a heavy drowtduo? h ovor all my limbs and upon my soul. 'When I opened my eyea tho heaving waters turnod into divors colours before my sight, ho that I know that my bruin was wanderiug, and that my «oul wua de parting. Howbeit, a holy tranquility oaino down upon mo. Tho blue soa appeared to molt away, and X saw—but dimly—tho green bourock und tho sweet, soft swarded links of tho Balwoario burn, with the brown herring nots drying on tho windy grass. Tho plnco seemed holy and still; tho tmn was hot, and nono wero atirring, and presently I know it was a summer Sabbath day, for from out tho open windows of tho groy old kirk there oamo a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, uh it wero, in my brain, tho voices of tho oougregatiou, as thoy sang— In Judah’* land God I* well IdJoWfr, Ulfl name In Lmid’a {Treat, In Salem is his tabormcla, In Zion is Ills Boat. After this, there come on me flilonco and darkness, I haring gradually fallen Into a fit or trance. I was roused by rudo ebooks and pulls, and a confused clamour of voices. Opening my cyoil with offort, X saw surging upon the broken water, closo to tho spare, u ohip’o bout with men, emo of whom—ho who rowed tho boat oar—had grasped tho collar oF my • froa doublet, nud wuk hauling mo into tho pinnace, In which effort he nuoccoded, ore I could well makeoufcwhereabontal was. At tho Bmno time several voloes askod, in two different languages, what was my namo and country, and hovr I eumo there. Now, of both of those tongues I hud Homo smattering, tho one being French aud tho other Low Dutch, of which I had hoard and picked up somowhut iu my several voyages up tho river Scheldt to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster my senses, replied truthfully that my namo was Leonard Lmdsay—that I was a Scotsman, a murinor of tho ship Goldon Grove, of Leith, where from I had fallen overboard, tho spar to which X clung having been, aa, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempestuous woathcr. At this they consulted in a low tone amongHt themselves. Thoy wero all seafaring men, mostly very swarthy, and tanned by tho sun and the wind. Thoy wore loug black hair, and silver und gold oarimgs, which glanced amid their greasy curls. Only two wero fair and bluc-oycd—namely, the men who first addressed mo in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a brief time beside tho upars, and Hoeming to consult as to ; wbothor they wero worthy to bo made a prize of, thoy dodded in the negutivo, and dipping thoir oars into tho water, rowed away, tho steersman narrowly watching tho run of tho seas, ho as to avoid being brouchod to and swamped. In tho meantimo, I had clambered from tho bottom of tho boat, and looking over tho bowa, saw, not more than a third of a mile from uh, a bark, which appeared to bo l>otU small and frail to con tend with Hitch a soa. Thu muunor of her rig was now and strange to me, for Bho curried two musts, both very stout and short, and above them wore two groat Btipplo yards, upon which was flproad a good show «t' ounvas, each mil being of that triangular form, culled by tho Hoamen who use them, lutoon. In tine, the ship bolongod to a port on tho ileditormnoan coast of Franco, and was of tho cIks* named feluccas. It was ni'eossary to approach tho vowel with groat caution, inasmuch {is sho rolled and surged oxcessivoly. Wo therefore camo Hlowly up, under her leu quarter, and a man, of vory dark comploxion, and tho fiery cat oyos I over saw, jumped up upon tho gun wale, and hailed tho boat in French, but talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, u lino having been thrown on board, it was mado fast to mo, and without more ado, I wn« Housed into tho sea, and dragged on board tho folucca, whero I lay panting on the deck, whilo tho crow—very wild und fiorco- lookingRailors—amused thom Rolvea with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, tho man who hud hailed tho boat, nud who seemed to have groat authority on board, camo up to mo, und puttiug tho re«t aside, said moro deliberately than before, hut Htill in French, and with a pcoulinr aceont— 44 You aro not, then, a Spaniard?” I mustered my few words of Frouch, and answered, tlmt—441 wuh not, but a Scots Without moro ado, ho stooped over) me, and searched my pockets. Thoy contained some small Kmrlish coins, being groats and silver pennies, and also u letter, which Cuotuin SwanBou, of the Jean Tdvingstono, had written to me to Loith, The Bight of theflo things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for ho spoko a low words in a kinder tone to i thoso about him, and presently loaving mo, a i man dressed in a tarniHhed livery, liko a lackey, brought mo a great cup of hot difi 1 tilled watore, which I greedily swallowed, und ; louud myHclf comforted und refreshed, f Being, however, much exhausted from tho i longth of time which I had passed in the • water, I laid mo down upon a heap of sails [ in tho forecastle, and being taken but littlo l notico of, thanked God, inwardly, for my l deliverance, and began to drop oft to sleep. L Only beforehand, liko a Bailor, X observed i tho course of tho ship. Tho wind being 3 westerly, and nho being clo.su-hauled, and t labouring heavily to windward, X doomed, . and with truth, that her destination must ho 3 across tho Atlantic. But wliithorsoovor alio 0 went, with my then feelings, mattered little, r I was saved from an earlv douth, and grata s ful for my escape, I foil iuto a deop and 1 dreamless sloop. i When I wukened it was dark night, and 0 tho firet watch was Hot. An the wind, how-. ; over, was now very steady, and tho sea not c only lower but regular, tho men were mostly a lying and dozing about the deck, except ho •, that conned and he tlmt steered. Seeing mo 1 stirring, a sailor presently came to mo with a lantern in his hand, and, to my grent joy, add reared mu in Hnglish, asking :nc from from whence I name, and the particulurn of my di.iiiHter. Having shortly informed him, I requested that lie would tell mo what the ship was whioh had rosuucd mo, and what )ti:iniior of troatinont I might expect nt the hands of tho captain and crew. At first, ho made us if he would put off talking of these matters, but as I was importunate, ho asked mo in turn, whether I had not heard of tho great association of " men of ull nations, but principally Englishmen, French men, and Hollanders, who earned on a con stant warfare with tho Spaniards among the ialunds of tho West Indies, and along tho coast of Darien, sometimes even crossing that narrow node of lind, and descending with tiro and sword upon Panama and other towns of tho South Sea. To this I replied, that certainly I hud heard of these companies, but only very partially and nothing1 distinctly, Unit thoy wero, I suppose, tho, advonturers called Fiibusticrs or Buccaneers, and more anciently the “Brethren of tho Coasts” ATy 1 now friend made answer moodily, that I j should most probably have ample moans of 1 •learning more of these Freebooters cro I put my foot ou British ground again—“That is/’ says he, “ after yon have either oscaped or Borvod your time.” These phrases naturally threw me into great trouble, and I earnestly asked what be Dlgrilfted by -v “Wliy, ho replied, “that yon will be cold as tin apprentice, or in other words, as u, slave, to tho Fronch Went India Company, in the Islo of Tortu&ns;, on tho northom coast of Hispaniola, whither wo are bound.*4 At those words I grew sick at heart. “ Bettor,,f I said, ** to have allowed mo drown in that »oa than to have rescued mo only to sell mo into sin very.M •* Not so,** answered my companion, some thing stonily. “You nro young, und have a thousand hopos before von. The hand that miraculously preserved you this day is over stretched out in wisdom and raorev, readier to help than to clinstwo.” VTO BU CONTI NCP.IV,) 