WE ALL A STORY OF YOUTHFUL LIFE AND ADVEN TURE IN ARKANSAS. BY OCTAVE THANET. Author or "The Bisuor's Vagabond," " expiation," &c.; Chapter XIII.— The End op A Wicked Man. But Ally leaped iu the air and uttered a great shout : " Whoo-op ! Whoo-op-ee ! Whoo-op-ee ! " "See the lanterns, he j-olled, "sec the riding skirt I It's Sally ! Sally's come herself ! Hurrah ! Whoo-pee ! " He continued to shout until his breath gave out. Then he grinned. The next sound that Cecil heard was Cobbs's voice : "Ally, Ally, are you all right? " It only seemed a minute after this before they were all halting their horses on the road and Sally was hugging her brother and Cecil too —quite forgetting her awe of her immaculate cousin— and Uobbs was trying to explain. . Ally would not let the men dismount. No sooner did he see Mitchell's face among the riders than ho called out to 'him and hurriedly told his tale. "You can catch 'em right at it if you go now," said the ever practical Ally. Mitchell's eyes Hashed. He ran Mb keen glance down the row of nien. "Seven of us," iie announced exultingly, " all armed. We can bag the whole gang." " You'll have to count ouc of us out," said Cobbs, " somebody gottoIookoutfortheCuunel's children." " The way home is easy enough," answered Mitchell, with suppressed impatience, " besides I'll trust those boys to find their way out of anything going." "All the same," said Cobbs doggedly, "them none tew easy findin1. The cunnel gave me the pynnnlin of 'em, and I'll bco 'em safe homo." Mitchell shrugged his shoulders. "Anyone else wanting to stay and take care of children?" said lie. "EF you mean t' say Mist' Mitchell, or what ever your name is, that I'm tryin' t' git outen a fight," Cobbs began— But Ally interrupted. "Everybody knows you'd rather fight than cat any day, Cobbs; but don't be fighting Mitchell. And you'd bat ter make haste, Mr. Mitchell, or thoy all will be packing up their tools and lighting out." " You're right," Mitchell answered, "you have more souse than any of us, Bud. Come on, boys. You may as well understand now that lam a detective from Little Bock, come down after this very gang whom you all have been harboring for three years and never sus pected. Ten dollars apiece to every man who follows me. I have the warrant in my pocket. Mr. Cobbs, I was only fooling. You're quite right. If you hear ua holler on, you just hold up !" With that he was off, very willingly followed by the other men. And now at last thcro was a breathing space for explanations. Sally had instantly divined the boy's purpose as Boon as Vance delivered his message. At first she was not disturbed. " Cobbs will sure send them home,' thought Sally, easily. But when tho afternoon sunshine waned without their arrival sho began to imagine possible mishaps. IinpulsivoSally did not wait to reason with her fears. She went to the store, told Mitchell and M&rkhnin; that Bhe must have someone to go after the boys, nud within the hour was on her way to the camp. Meauwhile, Nig being a sagacious horse that bad eaten a good meal at the camp only four miles away, returned there, instead of travelling eight miles to his supper. Cobbs read the note. Cobbs believed in ghosts ; but at the Bamo time he remembered his old commander's theories of outlaws. Therefore he got together four of the boldest spirits among the hunters and was making his way as fast as possible to the haunted house when he met Sally. "Well, it's lucky you como, Sis," was Ally's comment, " for there'd only been Cobbs's men to fight tho counterfeiters. Say, did you get my lcttor?" "Oh, yea, Cobbs gave it to me." " Well, that's all right, and you know I won't never be mean to you or not ask you to go with mo— anywhere." "Oh Ally," cried tho littlo girl almost in tears, "you never aro mean to me. You're just tho best brother in tho world 1" Ally submitted very patiently to be kissed ; ho even returned a rough boyish hug nud patted Sally on the shoulder. "'Well, anyhow I'm mighty glad to see you," said he, "I'll bo glad to get homo, I tell you. I reckoned ouo time, out thore, wo never would get homo. And I'm terrible hungry too I" Cecil laughed, but. Sally exclaimed ternary y. : "Oh, W could l forget' 1 I wa"sfrai4 you would have got lost or mired up somewhere and mused your dinner, so I put up a lunch- con-Oh Cobbs, please unstrap the basket in ray riders." m " How thoughtful of you, Sally," Cecil said and Ally, already devouring chicken sandwiches! remarked that Sally had good sense. They were aU four busy with the'sandwiehes, hard-boiled eggs, milk and cake, until an inter- rnption crtme which dispelled Cecil's annetita eflcotually. Cobbs stopped in his questioning of Ally re garding bis experience ; ho held up liia hand. Tbcy all heard tho reports of guns— once twice, then tho slighter, rattling sound of pistol shots ; then the guns again. "Firing back," said Cobbs. "They've run away," said Ally. They listened intently; but the forest was silent. Cobbs drew a long sigh. " I don't doubt it ben a mighty pretty little fight," .aid he, wist- fully. " Well, it aro plumb over, now. Hone they got 'cm." " I hope none of them got killed," said tender hearted Sally. Ally had gone back to his luncheon. Cecil could not cat. It was easier to talk to Cobbs, who was the most artless admirer of the boys' heroism. " Well, to think on it— jia you two— not a mite afeerd ! ' So he would comment : always putting out his hand to pat Ally on the shoulder. Cecil noticed tbat the horses went very slowly ; be surmised that Cobbs was delaying in hopes that the attacking party might over? take them. So, indeed, it fell out. Some miles from the plantation they saw lanterns dancing behind them, and prosently heard shouts. Mitchell's voice was louder than any of tbem. . ' Oh, ask him if any of our folks aro hurt !" begged Sally ; and she oiapped her hands with relief over the answer, not one. - But the counterfeiters, they soon discovered, had not been so fortunate. One of thorn had been killed outright, and Dawsey, ' after a lies- perato resistance, had been captured. The third man gained his horse and escaped. Dawsey was bound hand and foot and placed before Mitchell on the latter's horse. Ho looked like a dying man, and with two uubandaged wounds he was a ghastly spectacle; but his eyes, dim with mortal agony though they were, met Cobbs s gaze as savagely as ever. Mitchell brieily narrated the story of tho successful surprise. "Feller that got off is wounded and if we get back in time to tele- phono a telegram or two we can have him stopped. This one hero is hurt pretty bad." "Killed!" said Dawsey, his voice not louder than a whisper, "an' lucky I am, tew. Fur wliar's the use J You'd hang mo if I did git well — Say, lemme git off thi3 cussed hoss, an' lay me down, fur the Lord's sake. Lemme die, easy — ef ye kin." Mitchell, after one keen glance in the man's face, stopped his horse and bade tbem lift Dawsey down. Dawsey lay on the grass gasping heavily. After a second be signed Mitchell to come nearer. " I'll make a clean breast of it," ho said bitterly — and it seemed to Ceoil a most horrible thing; the contrast between hie faint voice and the fury of hate and balked wicked- ness that still burned in liis eyes and distorted bis face. "It's yon trapped mo, not them fools." Ho collected bis strength for a vile oath, which be buried at Cobbs in his weak whisper. " I ben— yero— goiu' on — that away " so tho strange confession went on — -"for fivo year- nobody mistrusted but onct — we killed him — — " the dyiug man's lips stretched into a hideous, malignant grimace "he oome in, an' we' hit him over the head with a hammer. IVo, done a nigger that come a peekin' in on us the Eame way— from behind — but tho blamed cuss's head ben so thick didn't kill him. " - He stopped a moment to gather his strength. Col. Seyton always believed that this wicked man was crazy. Let that merciful explanation pass for the reason of bis acts now. The men, stnnned and awed by a wickedness wbich quits escaped their Bimple imaginations, stared at the dying man in blank silence. All but Cobb3. He stepped closer. "Who killed you' brother- in- law ? ' said he. met: cuaugeu, aoiaetuuig imhuc human feeling softened his pinched fea tures. Ho muttered tho aiiBwer half to him self. " I'd hated tho feller always, but I'd lot him 'lone caount er Sis, if he hadn't came to mis trust baout the money, I ben 'bleeged t'kill him then. An' I jia natehelly hated the boy fur favorin' of him bo. But, he ben Sis'a boy, tew, an' she — she was a decent woman's ever lived. Say, tbo boy kin havo all ray Icavin's, he's my onlieat kin." " Another thing," says Cobbs, who scorned to have taken charge of the inquisition, Mitchell, with an amused smile, subsiding into an observer. " Another thing, did yo play Ku Klux totherday?" Dawsey's head was sunk on his breast; but he raised it with the samo look of ferocious malice which ho had shown at first. His voico raug out in a new strength. "You, Cobbs; ye know I done it. Yo know bettcr'n any ; Luke, that's gone and him you shot went with me, and — nnd— one other — man !" By a violent effort lie raised himself on one elbow and shook his other arm at Cobbs— a hoirible sight, with his blood smeared figure and tho hatred in hli death smitten face. "You was with me! You planned it aU ! You— you — Cobbs — " But liia jaws quivered and gasped without a sound, the movement had started an internal hemorrhage ; in fivo minutes, Dawsey was dead, without having uttered another word. His last effort of hatred had been successful. Mitchell was not the only one who cast sidelong glances of suspicion at Cobbs. Cecil burst out even before Ally: "Its au abominable lie. That fellow lied when lie was dying." Ally called on Dawsey to BpeAk again ; anu Sally ran to Cobbs and clung to him, crying out tbat nobody would believe that wicked man » but tho others looked bewildered and abashed. Cobbs read their suspicions iu tbolr faces. " Do you all believe that liar ?" he cried. They did not answer, unless it was an answer to murmur something about looked liko dyiu men wud bo tellm' tho truth. „ " Ef you didn't do it," said Mitchell, soothingly, "you can easy prove where you wore that night, and there'll bo an end of it !' ""Where I ben," growled Cobbs. I hen homo in my bed, soun' asleep, in courio. " Any person with yo ?" said one of tua men. " How cud thar'a ben, whero I lives by my "That's unlucky," said Mitchell. "Well, ws better bo coming on." .. Cobbs sank into a frowning fit of abstraction. Sally, who rode at liia sido, would look up ft him occasionally, but sho did not speak, an< for tho most part was equally busy with ut own thought#. Cecil had quito gone over to Cobbs a «ac. Ho whispered to Ally : " I'm suro Cobba didn do it any inoro than me did. Tho hard turn will bo to account for that night. Ho was ou hunting the mule, you know-" Thoy wcro riding juflt belnnd Cobbs, ond Tobbs lind tho cars of a bare. Ho suddenly turned in his saddle. "Waal dad gam ray skin of itwarn't that evory night," bo exclaimed, " I ben studyin' and studyin baout it t git at which night it bon. Wa'al, wa'al, waal ! Having thus spoken, ho appeared to dismiss the subject from liis mind, except that once lio bnrst out laughing and said to Ally : That ar oonstablo feller, hethmks himBolf mighty blamed mnrt, don't he." ... But Cobbs's soronity did not quite reassure his voung friends. The others in tho party were divided in mind. " 'Twasn't no great harm tliey done onyhow"— tho general sentiment was fairly expressed by ono—" ony I don't sec how ho cud be so thick with old Dawsoy. That 'or a the wust thing I know baout tho business. In this fashion they talked as they rodo home ward, and, perhaps, the only thoroughly well pleased man in the company was Mitchell. Had any ono ridden close enough that listener might havo heard him mutter : " Well, there's a year's job well finished. It wns worth coming up here for." 