Crystals. More disgusting igmrinc? of Australia at home. They taks our Sam scriomly with hit Elementary Proporty Bill. We know him better. Tho only elementary property Uo will give awiiy for nothing is tbe sir. Holy little Mirams has been convicted of fraudulent cooking of balance sheets. What could yon expect ?— It was he who git the rriding roams and picture gallories closed on Sunday. The very thought of thene haunts of Satan being open on the Lord's day set the diiniuu tive saint frothing nt the mouth. . People aro not so holy as all that for nothing. ,..'??', ? And the g iod man hu got hig'reward. Pity some more of thorn don't. Orick tells his constituents he was not ex pcllrd at all. Ho was, in fact, expelled by GO to 10, which is pwtty thoroughly, even for him. But ns Crick can't lie, he must be understood to mean that, as bis resignation was rocoived first, ho wasn't technically expolled. Thj8 makes all the difference, and all his constituents havo to do is elect that ornament again. ' ? . . Tho partiej to the Parnoll divorce casa are all in agreement, expressed pr. tacit. Sj much the worss for tho lady. The 'uncrowned king' seoms to h»ve anogatcd to himself the last function of the anointod, and none but the good will think much the worse oE him for it. Aatlio good aro very scircc in this world, this is tantamount to saying that very few will think him any the worse for doing what anypno of them would ta only too glad, &c.; Bat that is not the paint : How many will it pay to effect horror at such naughtiness ? Parnell hag given nn excellent handle to those who have been »o long intriguing for his downfall, some to get rid of his trouble, others to take his place. Which reminds that the G.iulbnrnites have been weeping on the neck of tho Eev. Gardiner because bo has 'since' led a ' consistent and godly life.' As for the consistency— What is it in such a case? As for the godliness — ho«v do (hey know ? If godliness consists in publicly posing as n martyr, ho hss beon a Bain!. IE connistoncy meant writing letters to the papers, each sustaining the s^rne old insinuat ing whine, he has been consistent eaongb to be whitewashed. The ora of almighty smash seems to hove set iu. To be a ' broker ' for twenty-ono million should bring -noro fame than the invention of tho phonograph. Horace boasted of building a monument of brass, or something to that effect. Wrmt is building' a monument of brass to dissipating tho same bulk of gold ? ^ Baring Bros, and Co., as tho clnmpion ' biMkors ' of creation, will live for ever ? or until someone licks them in that line. AVe have hoard, of bearing the market— had it anything to do with Baring's fnat ? Or was our strike in any way mixed up with the dimlini; event ? Anyway, Rothschild is the only party out nf America who cau bo cilled upon to go one better. Morrison, Ills gentleman who aspired to ' work 'era off ' for thn usual consideration, has called upon the Cookfmon. Courier to npol-igi»a nn,| piy for what appeared iu the Brisbane Courier. Ono would huvo thought the latter paper the most capable- of paying for iti own concerns, but labour leaders, like ghosts mid miracles, don't conform to ordinary rules of life. It is said Koch has tuberculosed himself in order to test tlie efficacy of his own discovery. Poor fellow, if (hnt discovery is not all he imuginos, it will be tho death of him; Tho useless eusses that oueer ivt science and scientists won't sink into their boots, which ever way it g'les. Pooplo who most of their timo look upon blood and bloody things' can't be expected to southern in the name light ns other people, or in the samo cjlor, at any rate. Accordingly, when other unionists aro glad of a chance to work beside free laborers, tho Melbourne slanglitermen have struck because of five nou-uuionists being in the sanguinary buainess. They haven't struck tho bullocks but them selves this timo, and have been killed as completely us over was one oE their own sheep. Tho N.S.W. Asjmebly aro madover charges of bribery against some of their members. It is said some of them wero offered — if they did not take—' lurge sums of money ' to push Hie Broken Kill Water Supply Bill through. Only a few of them wore so liberally approached. No wonder tho rest are mad. When largo sums of money are availablo for legislative purposes, let everybody have a show. Tho party who offered the bribes to the fow will get no morcy from the roifc, if ho is found out. A Melbourne paper reckons the cost of tho recent strike to Australia at over a million and a quarter. But this amount is not offset by the amount subscriUod and to bo subscribed by tbe six pence an hour London dockers. Only juat wait till Fitzgerald gets hold of tho figures. He'll prove the strike the best thing that ever happened tho working man— if tho«e dockers will only keep putting their liands iu their pockets enough. . If h« doesn't succeo 1 at tho charity serrnqn business, his working man will repudiate him as he repudiated Cuuaipion. Hoir those Christians love each other ! 'Tho editor of the Protestant Standard recommends tho Australian Record to leave certain kinds of work to the Guardian and Banner. In retaliation the editor of the Record advises tho Standard to leave the comic and satirical to tho Bulletin and Scraps !' . -...?'. Wo are in receipt of a telegram from the border, reading: ??'.';' 'On aud after this date Mrs. X — not authorised to draw on my account.— D. X— ?' Wo'll tnke all . kiuds of care .Mm. '-X ? doesn't draw on us on any account. We would havo dnno that anyhow, but thank tho thoughtful D X— all the same. There '.is a flutter in the temperance dovecot ovorPaddy O'Sullivan's little bill. Paddy thinks that publicini local optioned out oE a license should ba allowed a trifle to do it on, ' ' .?'???' If the local is optional, tbo compensation should be compulsory. Bnt tho ncver-touch-its may smooth their ruffled plumage and take a drink. Ijocal optioning serves to empty theTressury ohcit; so does compensation thorofor. You don't natch th« Government oE economy iu that transparent way, : ? ? 