The Open Column. [This column being open for the expression of opinions on public matters we do not hold ourselves responsible for the statements made therein.] To the Editor of the "Northern Star." OUR ROADS. Polyphloisbolo. Entha kai entha diokomen ede phebesthai. --(Homer's Iliad). Homo sum. Nihil humanum a me alienum puto. \--(Terence). J'errais longtemps autour due chemin bourbeux. \--(Chateaubriand). PERMIT me, sir, to head this communication with a quotation or two. Among us, when corresponding with a provincial paper, good taste and the mark of quality in a writer, and that which will bring his letter attention, ap- pearing to be to quote relevantly or irrelevantly from classical authors of different tongues. It is with us "Omne ignotum pro magnifico" (everything unknown regarded as very grand) but to return to the simple vernacular, Mr. Editor, I will not venture upon any high or inspiring theme, rather will I take low, very very low ground indeed,--love to oneself only, and put to you the question: Whether does the country more live by the town or the town by the country; which has the human race (gens humana!) to be beholden the more to town or to country? I think you will allow--I think you will--that the town has to be very much more beholden to the country than the country to the town. Now that the country should be- come available for the town demands roads. Then, in the name of all that is selfish, not to mention common sense, humanity and such like, why are we not endeavouring to do a little for the country in this direction? I am not about to institute an onslaught on our much respected road superintendent. Many a mile from Lis- more on a wet and dismal evening I met, lately, on one of our so-called roads that eminently presentible gentleman, as you see him in Lis- more, and had nearly passed him by unrecog- nised; almost spectre-like, he might have represented the ghost of "Martin Chuzzlewit" at "Eden City," and I remarked to him, pass- ing, "you're overworked." HE, at all events is trying to do his duty. But to come to the point and begin near home, what about that spot (though I might as easily instance the street opposite my own house and many another spot) at the commencement of the Brunswick road, near the Waterworks, described in sweetly poetic language on a notice posted up at the place as "This Jam Pot"? The composer of said notice indulging in several other Oriental- isms (could it be one of the Celestials in that neighbourhood?) highly complimentary to our Lismore Council. Who shall describe the super- human and superequine efforts continually being put forth in struggles to get through that quag- mire? The military candidate who, in his written examination, spelled the word struggles with three "g's," if writing in reference to travelling through our roads might I think be pardoned had he spelled the word with three and thirty "g's." When passing the other day, a teamster, try- ing to gather breath enough for the words, shouted to me, "Ah if I only had the Corpora- tion tied to the waggon wouldn't I drag them through the mud!" "So you would, my poor fellow," replied I, not liking to contradict the man in the madness of his suffering, albeit I knew the futility of the boast, as the animals were not able to extricate themselves and empty waggon from the difficulties of the mud; much less to haul, in addition, so weighty, we will not say "heavy" a body as the Municipal Council of Lismore. In truth, said Council would scarcely enjoy the most tranquil of slumbers were it aware of the maledictions hurled at it night and day with the most just indignation by the honest residents of the country who think, not unreasonably, that instead of titivating the town and gratifying a taste for the æsthetic in shifting lamp posts now to this side now to that &c.;, it might better have given its attention to, and expended the money upon a work of neces- sity. And, to speak plainly it is a downright shame that this little piece of roadway, almost in our town, should have been left for months in its indescribably bad condition and that in the intervals of favourable weather, however brief, few, and far between, or even in the very worst of weather, something like an effort has not been made to repair the miserable place. Fifty men and five horses would well do the whole thing in a week. Did we possess the public spirit we should and no other means were available we townsmen ought to shut up our shops for a week, volunteer for the work, and DO it. I possess a shovel and a pick and, if others be willing, I am ready. Anything but to leave the vile place as it is. In truth, however, it is not of that signally execrable spot alone I would write, but also of our roads generally. What excuse is there for a Government that has drawn hundreds of thou- sands from the selectors who take up their land in all good reliance upon the Government's send- ing back a few of these thousands to enable them to come out from the wilderness which, with hard industry and no small risk to life, they are nobly turning into a fruitful land? Yet of what use is this fruitful land? The farmer can carry nothing to, and bring nothing from it. It would be amusing only that it is too painfully sad to witness the RIDICULOUS efforts which, in even pretty favourable weather, are being made to convey produce to or fro. You will see, urging a pair of powerful horses, a stalwart driver, a very Jehu in skill, energy, and encountering of danger. And what is it all about? It is the conveyance of two small kegs of butter. A "nanny goat" or at all events a male goat of average vigour, on any decent road, would draw the same load the whole way without any fuss. Or you will meet a poor fel- low "working his passage" with six bullocks and a waggon. What is in this waggon? Sole load, three small pigs. This charioteer performs the feats of a Diomede ranging the field (boggy road) from side to side, addressing the bullocks in language fiery, awe-inspiring, extraordinary, sweating himself at every pore the free pers- piration streams down his neck!! A cripple's dog would draw the same load, without difficulty on any Government road in almost any other part of the civilised world. What can be said of our Government? What should be said, rather what should NOT be said to our repre- sentatives? Can the dealings of the Govern- ment with our district be termed any other than fraudulent? As you plod wearily along, and become conscious from the "gulch," "gulch," of a horse's footsteps, that you are passing a fellow-traveller in these lagoons, in- stead of the ordinary cheery "Good night" you are greeted with "terriblo road?" "awful road!" etc. In how many a night ride one gloomily reflects on all this, tho' indeed for the most part in these excursions my whole mind and body are kept in a condition of the utmost tension. Naturally not nervous, and not a tyro as regards horses or riding, I am perfectly aware that I carry my life in my hand. No longer the Palinurus of the vessel, having ceased attempting all guidance of the animal, the poor horse following its instinct of self- preservation, keeps hugging the shore of the morass, I beg its pardon, of the road, for, by an exaggeration of courtesy exceeding in politeness that of any French Court of any period, those arrangements along which we proceed to visit our friends in the country are styled "roads." My sagacious steed, then, wisely endeavours to skirt the "road," but all the while in imminent danger of slipping on his side and breaking my leg. (An occurrence of this nature took place a few days ago at Clunes.) Or of dislocating my knee cap against the rails, or of excoriating my face by contact with the stinging nettles. One night I boldly struck out for the middle of the road, and stuck to it, and, during twelve miles, always in a walk, "Moses" (that was the name of my charger) fell, not on his knees, but flat on his face, several times in three different parts of the road; and "Moses," despite his name, is a steed of no meek spirit, but of much mettle. The reply attempted to all this of course will be--"time; time is an element in every operation"; to which the answer might be made that time long and precious, has been allowed to pass unprofitably for us as regards our roads. We shall not live to see a road made. The pneumonias, fevers, and catarrhs, bred in these swamps, are carrying us off. Having begun with extracts from pro- fane authors I shall conclude with a sentence from Holy Writ--"Hope deferred maketh the heart sick." And am, with apologies which the subject will justify, Sir, yours, &c.; RICHARD NASON GAGGIN. Newtown House, Lismore, 11th June, 1890. 