The Newmarket, Australian Cup, &c.; Bt Nbm6: Though: the recent meeting held1 at Caulfield will serve to settle racing men into their strides, it can hardly be said that the verdicts returned - have tended to cleiu: away much of the mist with , which the important events' of the Y. R. 6. meet ing are surrounded. The reunion will commence at Flemington to-day, and those who have the ' good fortune to be present will be certain io see some racine of a high class. The oneniner event. the Hopeful Stakes, must pass, for most of those engaged are comparatively unknown to fame. This colony has one representative in Marco, a son of Martini-Henry and Melanie, and should he score a win his victory will tend to harden -his ? stable mates in the market for the. more important events tofollow. It wouldbe little better than, waste - of time and paper to discuss the prospects of those engaged in the St. Leger, for all public form, both, recent and in the past, conveys the idea that it is at the' mercy of whatever the Hon. James White may depute to act for him, and, as the chosen one . is not yet apparent, your readers must choose for ' themselves, but tiie 'Blue and White ' will finish up in front, and there it ends. A large field -will be saddled for the Newmarket Handicap, and there is no telling from whence the winner may spring. The present top weight, Box, is full . of brilliancy, and, even with lOst. lib., may be one of the hardest to beat ; but my experience rhaB created a horror of big weights even over short distances, where they are not supposed to tell, «nd therefore I feel disppsed to search further down the list for the winner. The great work done -by Fishwife in. private, coupled -with, her public form, lias clearly entitled her to a great deal of respect ; but, great mare though she be, lOst. will find her out, and she, as well as My Lord, must pass on the score of being overburdened. It is pretty well certain that Sedition will not start, and Bon Giovan goes lame too regularly to be trusted. During the last few days Aristocrat has been elected first favourite, and it is said that those who know him best regard him as being a really good thing. True, some time ago he ran particularly well ; but as far as the public know , his honourable position of first favourite can only be due to his having finished in the ruck for the Sydney Turf Club Handicap with 9st. 31b., the Warwick Farm Flying Handi cap with 9st. 31b., the Sydney Turf Club Chal lenge Stakes with 9st., and the Rosehill Railway j Handicap with 8st. 121b. If that form is good j enough to entitle a horse to be first favourite for such a lightning-like race as this is sure to be, let those who think so back Aristocrat ; but I un hesitatingly assert that on public form he is in a false position, and on recent public running has not the ghost of a show, and as that is supposed to be the best guide he must pass for me, while I await for any expected wonderful change of form with what might be termed — well, curiosity. After having once held a good position, Apropos has faded out of the market ; and Sir William is another - who seems to have lost favour. The last-named has shown symptoms of lameness of late, and no doubt that is the reason why he is comparatively friend less. Rudolph has been a most consistent favour ite, and up to the time of writing has not been quite dethroned, even by Aristocrat. He has been doing satisfactory work ever since his arrival, and j a great race may be expected from him. The Gift must also run well, for the length of the trip is just to her liking ; while if John S. be thoroughly wound up, he will need Bome hunting. Corunna is gradually but surely creeping into a forward position in the market, and those who know most about him assert that he will have a deal to say when the whips are cracking. Though in the same stable as Aristocrat, Bonnie Spec will figure in a different interest, and there are not- wanting those who think that she will get home before the gray ; but I have a notion that her effort will be made in .« another race. Ginger and Gladstone may run forward ; and Fernando is in such form with his friends that something like 7000 has been accepted about him. It is something like an impossibility to select the winner; but the following may not be very far from the mark when the numbers are hoisted : — RUDOLPH „ 1 The Gift ,, «, ,, «« 2 Boz ? 3 With Fernando, John S., Merriment, and Corunna to see them home, while for a great surprise commend me to The Wild Oat. The senseless penalty of 141b. will Btop The Admiral in the Ascot Yale Stakes ; and as the Hon. James White has Utter, Prelude, Titan, and Marco engaged, he is likely to secure the rich stake ; but the choBen one of the stable will have a deal of trouble with the New Zealand colt Medallion. The Essendon Stakes, like the Champion Stakes, has been shorn of its interest by the breakdown of Aber corn, and Carbine will be likely to get home in front, with Melos in attendance. Bonnie Spec, Singapore, or Handover should appropriate the Brunswick Stakes, and so end the day in favour of New South Wales. The first event on the second day, the Maiden Stakes, will be easy to deal with after the first day's running, and at present the prospects of Utter and Medallion appear to be the brightest. The choice of the Kirkham stable, Whimberal, and Magic Circle should come home as named for the Produce Stakes ; and Sluggard, Wyvis, and Shanks may fight out the battle for the Hurdle Race. So much will depend upon the first day's running that it is almost fruitless to discuss ihe prospects of the candidates for the Australian' Cup ; -but unless something startling occurs the places may go — DREADNOUGHT or Singapore ,, 1 Melos ,, ,, ,, ,, .,2 Oakleigh ,, , , . , ,*3 -with most danger from Chintz and Maggie. ' The Steeplechase will be a very poor one, and the honours may be divided among Flashlight, Curiosity, and Freetrader. Now that Abercorn is certain to be absent, the Champion Stakes should bring about a great battle among Dreadnought, Carbine, and Mdos ; and they will be likely to get home in the order mentioned. Referring to Kirkham and Nacellan, an English sporting scribe writes that in the opinion ' of one of the best judges of thoroughbred stock in Eng land they are decidedly crack horses, although they possess plenty of bone.' What does it mean! ? ? 