[?] (By a S9a£SdiBB. j , : It would be tiin?eatiD!iisMiS fo¥ & fflFa&ger; to cdinplisin Tjeeauee Atfsifalifln£_^ not ^keep up all ffie' gooU ol'cf Christmas- cos toms.' On© might- aft 1&^ pti!-§€&a;£& jsbfa mercury is- the- thermometer' for soaring proudly in! tfre direction 6i foiling point instead of smfcnlrg to- trie modest seclusion of zero; Climate' Iras' & considerable ini fluenoe on custom* 'as has been observed before, once ortwieer.' In EttglaM&£, thsLt land of Egyptian. darkness and eternal drizzle, where a rainless day is a mercy and 'a radiant day is a renracle (so Austra lians tell me), the climatic conditions aTe somewhat different, to put it mildly, from . those which prevail in Sydney at this time. At home we try hard to believe that it always freezes Very hard at Christmas, or, at any rate, that it always used to do so in good King George's glorious days. It was so in Pickwick, when the faithful Sam Weller reported the water in the wash hand basin to be a ' mask of ice.' It is not so in real life as a general rule. Ex cept, perhaps, in the North of England. I question if there has been good skating on more than one Christmas Day in the last 20 years. I attribute this fact partly to the formation of a National Skating Associa tion, which has the temerity to. announce championship contests two or even'three days in advance, 'weather permitting.'; But weather never does permit. The result of these announcements is invariably to' produce a profound and conscientious thaw. Nature mocks the N.S.A., and laughs at them till the tears run down her face. Or, as a modern writer justly ob serves — I knew a committee, who thought 'twould be nice To have matches for skaters, and so in a trice They procured all they wanted — excepting the ice, So they had to make other arrangements. However, thaw or no thaw, there is generally sufficient cold to stimulate ap petite, and appetite is an important factor in the observance of Christmas. Perhaps Dickens is indirectly responsible for this, to a certain extent. With the exception of a dull minority, who, as WilMe Collins says, don't want to be amused and call themselves 'the respectable people,' everybody has read ' Pickwick,' or the ' Christmas Carol,' or both ; and it is to be feared that many who have done so, fixing their attention on externals and forgetting the main lessons of the story, have rashly concluded that the only true way for a man to keep Christmas is to consume hi' own weight in roast beef, turkey, plum pudding, and mince pie, the same being washed down with various alcoholic fluids. Now in Sydney, of course, a man must eat to live (unless he be a member of that large and increasing class who live by abstaining from eating), but when the heat is so intense that he feels as if th^s ' too too solid flesh' were going to ' melt, thaw, and resolve itself into a dew,' he cannot give his whole mind to eating. The very thought . of an old-fashioned Christmas dinner is intoler able. We might as well light an old fashioned Christmas fire in the dining room and send the thermometer up another Inch just to keep up the old custom. Again, some of our good -old customs are now antiquated, if not obsolete. Messrs. Wardle, Pickwick and Co. sat round the 'fire on Christmas Eve 60 years ago with a huge bowl of wassail before them, in ? which the apples were hissing- and%ub bling 'with a rich look and a jolly 'sound that were perfectly irresistible. Nowadays ' it might be rather hard to find a man who had ever seen or tasted wassail or knew what it was made of. It is a good ?word to teBt the proficiency of a spelling class, but the thing itself is no more. There is an ancient custom connected with mistletoe (fully described on the same page as the wassail) which has also had its day and ceased to be — at least, I have never had the privilege of witnessing or assistingin it. But it reminds me of a pretty jest- that was made 15 years ago, when-|jhe Eoyal yacht Alberta came into collision witli an4 other yacht, the Mistletoe. It -was ^aid that the Alberta could not be in fault, be cause nobody who was engaged in a court ship would run down the mistlEtoe, .' I;d!or get who perpetrated this atrocity^ but^his life was spared. ? Perhaps it was the effect of th&.goblin story which immediately followed the; wassail that led to such an outbreak of ghosts in the Christmas annuals of bygone years. The apparitions were of two sorts ? — there was the ghost explicable who turned out to be a dream, or a man in a sheet, or a white horse, or a cat on the stairs, or the linen drying in the backyard, and the ghost inexplicable, but solemnly declared to be a reality. In this latter class of story the names of the principal characters, and the ancient mansion where it all happened were frequently indicated only by initials — as a guarantee of good faith. Just at present ghosts, seem to be 'out' at Christmas, and hypnotism (which is in all the year round) takes their place, ' ' ?= There is one ancient institution -which we could hardly expect a new country to adopt,: and which, perhaps, the old country would not be sorry to lose — -the Christmas 'waits,' misguided men, who,. having armed them-' selves with brazen instruments and bound' themselves by a curse never to play in tune,, axe wont to perambulate streets and make, night hideous for weeks before Christmas; ; They are supposed to play suitable hymns and carols, but of late years their repertoire seems to have been extended. The last, waits' that I e'ver heardr used to perform Mendelsohn's ' Farewelf to the Forest,' a beautiful air, but very sad, and without, any immediate reference to Christmas. It seemed rather unreasonable to, wake us up on the middle of the night to bid farewell to a forest, when we hadn't a -forest within 60 miles of us. In one respect at least Christmas In Sydney is happier than. Christmas in the. old country. There is not7 thfire cannot' be, the .distress, the destitution, that a severe winter entails. Here, doubtless, as ?well as at home, some men aye homeless, and Borne in want of bread. But-hese, at least, there are no 500* wJMSteheB shivering, in rags beside the fireless -gab£e, or wan dering homeleesly with bare' ifeet through \- ice and snows. Here are no mujLjatudes .starving in the midst of plenary pnd freezing in the midst of warmth. * Jt is true, of jurarse, that much has been done at home to remedy this Bad state -of things, but much remains to do. ^i^e y^fcars agg? in a cartoon Punch represented an oMei&fr;* Bumble attempting to'cldsfra cottaje tid&r;* in the face of Chajfitjy and iayin^ *I assure yo,u, ma'am, the distress ain't Jao ways exception^' § o whieTBf ObJaritJrre plies: 'Indeed!, Then we must try to make it exceptional.' : ? .: . ? ? :- It is not for me to say whether ©Krlsfe JBHMsin-Sydaey^is-or is- not suchr arliui»of universal. rejoicing as it is conventionally supposed to- be* dt home. Probably, here as there. pessimists axe- to be-feuad- -who wiS dance to no man's piping, and who protest that Christmas is only a season of shams— sham festivity, sham, generosity, sham good feeling. Probably here as there, schoolboys and schoolgirls, young men and flfaiSens rejoice after their manner, arid while their elders look on with sympathy and encouragement, their thoughts often turn with wistful sadness to vanished faces and vacant chairs. 