THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS. By F. W. ROBICTSON. Author ot ' Grandmother's Money,' 'La tarns in London,' 'The Courting of Mary Smith,'' ' The Youngest Mian Green,' 'No ChnicV &c;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] ?? For him she .was parity, oharity. the Keeper ol the Keys of whatsoever Is held precious by men.'— Gboeob Hbebpith. BCOK IV.— ON THE TRA.OK. \- Chapter IV.— At Bow-street, Dominic Gab was taken off his guard by the announcement of the name of bhe man arreBted on suspicion of complicity with the murder on the Thames Embank ment. Prepared for many strange out comes from this crime —fearing their advent at every moment of his life — he was not prepared for this. He did not believe in ib, or feel disposed to think that the man In charge was the Identical Karl Mainey who had offered him wealth at Scarborough. This was some man who had — strangely enough — taken up, or was entitled to, the same name. 'Marneyl' he exclaimed, 'It Is Im possible I' ?? What Is Impossible ?' asked the con stable. ' That he should In any way be impli cated. That it should be the Karl Mamey whpm I know. That — let me see the man', please,' he said Impatiently. II Exaotly what I want you to do.' II 1 should be glad to see him also, if I may,' said Fortuna. 'I know a Mr. Marney well.' 'I will wait in the carriage till you re torn — unless,' Sugenle added^ dropping her voice to a whisper, ' Bernard Is here. I should be glad to see him at once,' she Bald to the officer in charge. ' The body Is at the mortuary, but ? ' And the man hesitated and looked at Dominic, arid then round him vaguely, as if for superior Instructions. '' Walt our return, ptay,' said Fortuna ; ' we will go together If it be necessary.' 'It is our duty to go,' answered Eugenie. She went back to her carriage, and Fortnna and Dominic were ushered into another room away f torn the gsneral office where the jackdaw was hopping aboab and occasionally standing with its head on one side, as if deeply Interested in the pro ceedings and listening attentively — bhe well- known, historical Bow-sbreet jack daw whioh has seen so much of life at the police courts and could tell so many sbrange stories if it liked. ' We will bring the man to you ' was announced, and Fortuna and Dominic stood side by side, marvelling what tarn tbe incidents wonld take next. Neither spoke, each heart was too full to speak, and they had not exchanged a word together when footsteps echoed without, tne door opened, ana J&sri; xuuraey, witn a policeman on each Bide of him and the lDBpeotor bringing up the rear, entered the room along with the jaokdaw, who, after a vigorous flattering, squeezed him self Into the room before the door coald be dosed in order to attend the rest of the proceedings. Yes— It was Karl Marney, of Scar borough, the man who had come from abroad with wild dreams of restitution and repentence, and even atonement for past wrong , Karl Marney as no one ex* - pected to see him — a new Marney altogether. He had aged considerably ; his face was thin and pinched and wan, and the bronze color for which it had been distinguished had faded to an unhealthy grey ; his clothes, if not absolutely ragged, were shabby and travel-stained, the attire of a man reduced to his last resources. He was very thin, and his hands were clasped together in front of him as though he were hsndcuffed, which was not the case. ' Mr. Marney 1' exclaimed Fortana, ' it is you, then, after all. Oh 1 what does this mean V 'It means, Miss Vanderspnr,' Karl Marney answered, in a deep voice, that did not waver in tbe least, 'that 1 am in a little trouble. That U all Mr. Galr,' he added, looking towards Domlnlo, 'I am sorry that we meet again under these painful otroumatsnoea.' 'This Is the man you both know?' asked the Inspector. Dominic nodded. 'You said you did not know Mr. Bernard Oair,' said the inspector, turning to Karl Marney. 'I told you the truth. I had never seen him In my life,' Marney replied. 'You volunteered that statement of your own accord,' said the inspector; ' we did nob ask you any questions. We told you It would be used In evidence sgsinsb you.' 'I know — I know,' said Marney, a little scornfully ; 'I understand the law, sir. There is no evidence thab can Impli cate me in this matter — hence I am not afraid. When I wished to come to prison,' he c&Id;, turning to For buna, with a sbrange sad tmUe, ' no one would lay a finger on me. Now, i am to be locked up under enepiclon of thla terrible deed . I am sorry for more reasons than one — bat so be ib. Ib Ib God's will ' ' Were you — truly theu — on the Em* bankment late lest night V asked Fortana almost breathlessly. *? I was,' he answered. 'Were you ? ' 'You must nob ask those questions, lady — really,' said the Inspector interpos ing ; ' ib is against the man — and the rales altogether. It will prejudice his case — Ib might hang him,' he added In an aside to Dominic. 'I would prefer not to answer any farther questions,' said Marney to Do* minlc's surprise ; (( not for my own sake — I don't care for myself. Bat I want time to think before I say a word.' ' Mr. Marney, if you did nob kill my couBln — and that seems to be utterly im possible — you may know, you do know, who did It,' cried Dominic impulsively. 'Why should I know?' answered Marney. * ' But you ? ' 'This is Informal— I can't have It. Upon my bouT, sir,' exclaimed the Inspec tor in despair, ' we can'b allow this to go en. I must have the prisoner removed.' ' I have done,' said Dominic, thus re Inked. ' What I desire only to say,' Marney remarked, 'is that I ims on the Em barjkment, probably at the time of the murder, resting after a long day's search for employment, sleeping In the open — as I have done in Sooth Africa for months at a time — because I had no home to go to, so money to pay for a bed in a lodging house.' 'How is this?' exclaimed Fortuna, In spite of herself and in such deep dish-ass at his statement thab Bhe wondered after wards why It should have bo seriously affected her j 'you— you Barely hsve not ? ' '? Given up all— yes, I have,' concluded Marney. ' To those I have wronged I have offered all the reparation in my power — that Is, all the money of which I was possessed. Every penny I had earned I had earned for their Bakes, lu the sore faith thab I waa acting as God prompted me. I am glad that I have done bo much — I am only sorry that It was beyond my power to do more.' His whole face lighted up, and his eyes had the strange earnest look in them which Fortuna knew so well, which had impressed her before this against her will, which had scared her father out of his poor life, which she had even doubted at the last as her father had doubbed. ' You are the strangest being in all the world, I think,' murmured Forbuna. Then she turned Impulsively to the much amazed members of the constabulary pre sent : ' This man has accepted poverty when he could have remained rich — has given up bis forbune to clear away past debts. He is not a man who coald have taken a fellow- creature's life. Pray let him go.' The inspector nearly smiled, but he answered politely — ' He may be able to clear himself, madam — I hope he will — dareB&y; he will — but that Is for the magis trate to decide, not us, you Bee. Take him away,' he added to his men. ' Thank you, Miss Vanderspnr,' Mar ney eaW, in a low voice, ' I am nob dis mayed or afraid. Thab Is, nob for myself ;' and then he looked gravely at Dominic, and Dominic changed color, to Fortuaa'a surprise, although no one noticed this save Bbe. Marney and his guard went onb of the room, and the jackdaw hopped oat with them to see the prisoner properly looked up, and Dominic and Fortuna were left alone together. 'Whab does he mean, Dominic,' she asked, quickly. ' Mean— In what way ?' 'That he fears nob for himself.' 'He may fear for me,' said Dominic In a low tone, ' for I quarrelled with Ber nard last night, and he thinks I may lie under suspicion,' 11 Oh ! no— no.' ' Eugenie suspects me,' he whispered ; ' by what she said In the carriage as we came to town I noted which way her thoughts were drifting. Like Maraey, I am not afraid,' he satd, taking Fortune's hand; ' I have faith, bob for all that It may come to pass that people will think hardly of me. It is that which shadows me, dear Fortuna, as much as the terrible fact that poor Bernard Is dead. Ib rests on me Hke a weight.' ** Mo one can suspect you, Dominic — what nonsense to be troubled by auch a thought as that.' ' You will never suspect me ?' ' Is Ib likely?' ' I don't think It Is,' he said thought fully ; ' but I did quarrel with Bernard last night — his money will come to me— there are two motives for these criminal gentleman to work into a case. And now there is Marney.' 'Mamey 1' 'Yes.' 'Why Marney?1' ' He saw me thla early morning, before or after the murder — on the Embankment. I read it in his face.' ' ' Dominic — were you there ?' 'I was.' Chapter V. — 'It is a Strong Point.' Fortuna drew a deep breath of astonish ment, and the room seemed to whirl round her for an Instant. She put her hands agalnBt the wall to keep herself from fall ing, and Dominic Bald quickly in her ears — ' There, I was fearful of distressing you ; ib is jusb what I thought and feared, and so intended to keep to myself for a while. Dotft rive way — don't have a doubt of me; It will be right in time,' he added confidently. '1 have no doubt of you, Dominic,' said Forbuna. ' I have told you so.' ' When I left Bernard's I wenb on to the Embankment to think over the quarrel we had had that nlghb.' ' Why did you quarrel V ' I will tell you presently— not now,' he answered. ' I don't want Eugenie to know yet — I cannot tell her. Well, I went on to the Embankment ; I walked about for some time — I don' 6 know how long — I cannot remember — and that man Marney, whom I took for a tramp, was sleeping, or feigning to sleep, on one of the benches between Waterloo-bridge and the railway arch that spans the road. I passed him once or twice — and he had seen me It Is evident. I left him sitting there. I was at home before the murder was commlbted, bub that would bedlfEcalt to prove.' 'Dominic,' she whispered, 'are you afraid ?' ' Not If you will believe In me— always. You must do that whatever people may think— and they will think the worst of me soon. Ib Is coming, dear, and I can not stay It.' 'I will believe In you always, D^minlo.' ' Then all's well, and 1 don't care,' he cried, more cheerfully. The door opened, and Eugenie and the same inspector of police who4Ad oaubloned Maraey as to the evidence that his owa ' words- might tell against htm entered tlte room together. Eugenie had not foaod waiting In the carriage without condusto to her peace of mind, and had quitted is again and come In search of them. ' 'When shall we be allowed to «eeV Bernard ?' she said, In that strange 'eager way that had been before remarked by both Dominic and Fortuna, 'I have asked them why can we not be taken to see the body at once, and they are patting every difficulty In our way. For whab reason 1 That gentleman Is his relation ? his next* of kin — his cousin,' she went on address log the lnspecbor ; ' and I was to have masfled him in two weeks' time, sir. Why cannot we be allowed to see him ?' ' There will be no difficulty, madam, IE you will kindly have a little patlenoe,' said the harrassed official, wiping his fore head with his pocket handkerchief. ~ ' There are one or two formalities to go ihioagh, and we have to be particularly careful. If you will take a seat for a few moments we shall make Ib all right, I assure you. And in the meantime, per haps you will allow me to ask you, ladles and gentlemen, if you can identify this in any way ? Ib Is a strong point.' He held a small pocket-book towards them, and Eugenie took ib in her hands and looked at it attentively. 'Yes ; It Is Bernard's,' ahe said at last. ' I have seen ib before.' Domlnlo looked ab It, and also recog nised ib. It was his own birthday pre sent to Bernard some twelve months since, and he had had 'E.G.' engraved upon the silver clasp. 'It is my cousin's,' he said, too. 'Where was ib found 1' 'Upon this man Marney,' was the answer; ' and he tells us that he picked ib up on the Embankment. Things are looking a bit black against him, I amsoxcy to say.' 'He Is no murderer,' cried Fortans, almosb indignantly. ' This spouting kind of man,' said the Inspector a little contemptuously, 'we often have in charge, and always have a doubt of.' ' Why ?' 'They preach and rant to much to please us.' Dominic thought of George Pith and, shuddered. 1 ' And so,' said the Inspector, ? ' we —— ? Here, hi ! madam, please don't open ib.' Bub Eugenie had already done so and taken a note therefrom. 'You must not read that at present* We ? ' . The pocket-book dropped to the floor, but Eugenie retained possession of the. letter which Bernard had written to Dor* cas, and, as we are aware, had urged her to read when she got home. The Inspector picked up the pockefc bookj and held his hand oub for bhe note, bub Eugenie backed slowly from him, opening theletber meanwhile. She hadreadenough. In one fleeting moment to satisfy her curiosity or to convince her, Ib was evj* dent, for she gave a little cry as of pain* then refolded Ib, and passed it back to tha inspector. 'I beg your pardon,' she said In a hard voice. 'I do not know your rules and regulations. I am afraid we are giving you a deal of trouble.' 'Well, madam.' said the Inspector curtly, ' I am afraid you are' ' What does the letter contain ? Whosa writing is it ?' asked Dominic. ' Ib Is a letter of the deceased ; It will be read at the Inquest or at the first examination,' replied the Inspector. 'At , present I am answerable for its safety.' ' Very well,' Bald Dominic. 'And now, If you will excuse me for a minute, HI ? ' ' We need nob detain you any farther, I think,' broke in Eugenie. ' Forbana, leb us go home' 'Home!' repeated Forbana. 'Yes, willingly.' '1 thought you wanted to see ? ' began the inspector. 'No,no,'saldEageniehaBbUy; 'nob now. I have changed my mind. I do not wish to see him no w. I do nob care bo look ab him again !' ' . Dominic and Forbana moved1 with her bo the door. They were relieved in mind concerning Eugenie's new decision, the former guessing at the truth in some degree, which accounted for Eagenle Yanderspur's change of intention. He thought it was a letter from Dorcas that bed been secreted in the pockebbook — nob a letter of Bernard's, although the inspec tor had implied that fact ; bub Ib was Eugenie herself who explained when they were In the street. She spoke to Fortun* but Dominic could not help hearing, and . ehe had no desire to conceal the truth from him. 'It was a letter to that Dorcas,' Eugenie said. 'In his own possession ?' asked. Fortuna. 'Yes.' ' That Is strange.' 'Everything Is strange,' mubbered Eugenie ; 'and, God help ub, everything is false. Take me home, Forbuna — oh, pray, take me home 1' She staggered for an insbanb and leaned on her cousin's arm for supporb. Dominic hastened to assist her into the carriage, the door of which a footman had already opened. '^Thank you, Dominic,' Eagenle said when she had entered the carriage ; ' yoa are always kind. You will make Fortana a good husband presently. Good-bye.' She extended her hand, and Domlnlo heBitabed. ' I— I was thinking of returning with you for a short time,' he said. 'Ah! leave us, please, in peace tOiday,' cried Eagenle; 'and let us leave you free to acb. This is a time of great trouble to you, and there is maoh for you to do. Besides,' she added* t( I want Fortuna to myself this morning.' ' May I call this evening ?' *' Yes, yes, do, and bring to Streatham the latest news of him.' 'Very well.' Dominic shook hands with the cousins, and an inBtant afterwards the carriage .?; was driven away, Fortuna looking sadly : ' '/ ab her lover as he stood disconsolately on. - t.r ' the pavement gazing after them, \l: V You mast not mind my dismissing ''?? Dominic thus,' Eugenie ssld in half 'tt} apology, ' bub he could have been of no help to us, and we were robbing him of . valuable time. You do nob mind, For tana?' ?' No, cousin,' replied the other; 'he will be better away from us.' 'Yes. He is unhappy too— he has a worried look,' said Eugenie. 'Naturally,' replied Fortana; 'he was deeply attached to Bernard, who has been always kind and helpful to him.' '* I thought you did not like his ooooin.' 'Isaw his faults.' ' And told him of them ?' 'Once.' 'Not condoning them as I did. Ah, well— what does it matter now ? He Is dead.' Fortuna did not answer. There was a long pause, and neither woman spoke again till the carriage was crotalng Water loo bridge. Then Eugenie leant her arm on the open window and looked down upon the embankment with its trees bright and green In the sun, lbs pavements and broad roadway full of life and move ment. 'Ib was somewhere down there,'* Eagenle said in a hollow voice. ' Leb us not speak of It any more to/ day,' urged Forbuna. ' I will try not,*' said Eagenle ; *( I wlK try presently to forget him utterly. Suofo a man as he is hardly worth retnembranee.'* ' We will not Say so,' replied Forkvoa. 'He was very false. This may luve been a j odgment onjhim — srho cam tieU f ' 'Yon said you would try and nofc speak of thla again,*' ssld Fortuna x«proaeb- fully. 'I am trying— -bnUfaiU' was %he reply; « there seems to me nobWng In all tha world to think of but BernariS death ana ' that man Marney,' : .: ?»Wn*tof*ffarnefr 'ion say Wm r rlty'V ?? : ^ ' Do jon think for aa Instant that he kiBed Bernard V ??Mamey mi a Mend of yours?' ?? He^iras my father'* Edead once. I lmve.bBfii-aiqjpwaiat times to think he wasr an enemy* Baft lb deepen* oh me more and more that lie b a good mm.' 'Ie there each a thing ?' Tfcbpeao' 'fflaniej has been weak and sinful, has heBoti' 'Tea— yean ago.' 'Might he nod be weak — eJofal — again? * *' It fa poatlble. BatI do not believe IV ' Not L At least,' ahe added thought folly, 'I do not see the motive for the murder. Boreas would be more likely to have killed Bernard .' -??Dorcasl' 4t Tea— where !s that woman to be foundi' 'ldonorknow.' ' X wish iTflld/' said Eugenie, then she Jajr back and 'dosed her eyes, and Fortona made no^ftfcrt^contlnue the conversa tion. PreBentlythe elder woman was Bleep icg heavily, and her eyes did not open again to the world — her own cruel world — tffl they were entering the carriage drive before Brelade Mansion, Streatham. Chameb VI. — '8kai-owed.' The unravelling of the akelna was not bo easy a task as the police thought lb would prove, and as Dominic and others Interested deeply In the case considered assuredly that it would be* There was uore-of mystery enshrouding the reasons for the murder of Bernard Gate than were to *e deciphered by the ordinary Indi vidual whose mfanion was to make 'a case' of It. There were too many dues In fact, and hence the akehu became en tangled, and crowed and recrossed each other tm ^he whole affair became inex tricable. It seemed a clear and miserable busi ness5 to begin with In Karl Blarney. Here was a man without a penny In the world, an outcast and a tramp, who had been seen on the embankment at the time of the ioaurder— who actually owned to befog {here— and who was found Jn possession of a pocket-book which had been the property of the murdered man. True, t&e; man slain, stabbed to the heart in a brave- like fashion more common to Italy than England, wafr found with a large sum in his possession which a robber would leave made ib his first business to secure.; bnt then he might not have known of the notes In his victim's hand, or1 there might have been a struggle for them upon the discovery that they were not in the pocket-book and the robber might have been frightened from his prey at the last moment and compelled sum siarihr to abscond. It was not understood, If this were a correct theory, why Karl ftTyrnny pHipprtring him to be the mls« creant who had done the deed — had not dropped the damning evidence of the poeketbook into the river quietly flowing by Mm and bo hare severed by an easy process, one link In the chain, very new to the business, this Blarney, It was evident ; but as time went on It became doubtful If he were the right man at all. No one would have remained so near the scene of the murder afterwards. Besides, this was a man whose latter days had been spent In making restitution for past wrongs, 3v£o had come to London to sur render himself to the law, who had brought wtthldmalargesmn of money from abroad and had scattered it right and left and tO'tfce list penny that he had had amongst the creditors and the descendants of fte creditors tf the old firm of which lie had been the principal. He~had acted diAonesfLy enough in absconding, bat he had repented and returned with a large fortune: to make good, jo far as lay In his power, all the harm he had done, and evidence grew thick and fast of this as time went on. The one thing against Mm In this matter of defence was Its ap parent proof of sheer insanity thought people of a practical and pecuniary turn of mind ; a man* who would throw away all his money and without any consider** tion for the morrow was exceedingly mad, and— -a madman would do anything. There was the proof of being on the embankment, and the ^*™ntnp fact of the pocket-book of ihe murdered man being found In Ms possession, two awkward Items of evidence, accounted for by the prisoner being - penniless man and by Ms finding the pocket-book upon the pavement as he trudged along. Eeaders of the newspapers making the moat of' the mystery had their own opmlons of the ease, and a few people who knew Dominic looked askance at Mm, and were certain that he could say more about the whole thing if lb pleased Mm to do so. Then there was certainly a woman in It— not the least doubt of that— there had been a quarrel about her between the cousins Galr at the very' door of the rooms of the murdered man and within a couple of hours of Ms death, and Dominic had been heard to tell Bernard he was a villain «nd that he had done with Mm for ever. Was it not likely, thought the wiseacres of wMchthls world Is considerably over stocked, that the cousins were both in love with the same woman and that jealousy was at the bottom of it all? And the woman, where was ahe ? Why did ahe not come forward? Why remain in hiding if she had anything to explain and when a fellow-creature's life was trem bling In the balance ? Who was tills Boreas? Dominic Galr would only acknowledge at present that there had been an attachment between Dorcas and his cousin Bernard, and that though he— Dominic— had only seen Dorcas Pith three times In his life, he had tried very hard to sorer the connection, Bernard being engaged to be married to Miss Vanderspur. That was all he knew, herald, of the matter— Bernard had not taken him into Ms confidence, and Dorcas had resented his lnterferenceandhls effort to aave her. The letter to Dorcas also, found Int&edeadman;'tf pookefrbook, tended to confuse matters rather than to throw apm them any extra light— ib was full of affection and of regret that he had ever spoken of love to her, and ib urged Doreas to accept a sum of money, amount nob mentioned, and whUfli she would find en closed. It spoke of Bernard's deep sorrow for the past, It urged her to return home to her parents, or. to go abroad and begin In »' new world a life afresh, and there was atrong evidence In every line that' lb was thfe Boreas to whom his heart was turn ing, or had turned, and not to the rich man's daughter whom he was going to marry— a painful and mysterious epistle altogether, but full of Impulse and gene rosity, wnd- which could nob nave set the girl against the .man who wrote It, but rather have added to her affection for him, despite Its decree of separation— the letter of aman m despahviURounded by troubles of'hlr own creating, and giving way to them Btlll, nob knowing what wai best. There wai plenty of evidence that Bernard and this young woman went away together from the Temple, that the last seen of Bernard Gair was In this woman's com party, and that ahe had wholly dis appeared. They searched for her ; with a suspicion of a second tragedy some* where, they dragged the river for her, bub there was no due. A shade more mystery concerning Doreas PtUi lay in tha faot presently acquired that Karl nfarney was fawwn-tothfi Dorcas and had lodged at her father 'b house in Yorkshire for a little while. Might they not be both In the crime, acton in a plot against the life of Bernard Gate— might not tihe seeds of some nefarious scheme have been sown at v 6caibordng|i, where they had all been r together Jb the summer of la»b year 2— where DbmlribGatr had 'beea also, many people »Td;tJil« Ketitfealcousln who was \- eomiog ln|p aU , the ^money and who X^iiiS^u^^^/k Ma the background, as in^a^mysteiy aa all4he rest of them ? ^^thiB)^ %ere Absolutely necessity { Jn the*fficiia mbad^-ttUit^Kwl Marney should be remanded time after thne in tb» ; hope4-f ireah«vldeaeeeroppingap agalnsb him, that »veiy effort ahould be made *o discover Dorcas Pith, and that an eye, should be kept upon the movemenbs of tbia Dominic Gatr,sa-quiet but observant eye, which ahonld take stock of every thing about him and his movements, and not leave him -too long out of sight. There were a few shreds of evidence against Mm already — and there toas motive — and his actions on the nlghb of the murder were not too plain and pal pable. Hence Dominic became soon aware that he was *' shadowed,' that Ms journeys to and from Streatham were accompanied by singular* looking individuals who were too distressingly unconscious of Ms existence not to arouse immediate suspicion. And the big house at Streatham had a shadow on lb also; ib lingered there long after poor Bernard was lying In Ms grave. Brelade Mansion was not as It used to be ; every thing had changed, and its Inmates had changed with It. Caleb Vanderspur was not even the same man, althoagh he had resisted the Influences around him as much as any one. He would have been able to pub them all completely aside and away from his life If It had nob been for Dominic and the womenfolk about Mm. They would not forget this Bernard Galr; they would not remember that murders were very common affairs, and that the average was three a week or so In merry England ; they would not consider what was due to him, a man who had a strong objection to this one grim subject being eternally thrust before Mm, or not too obscurely hinted at. This Dominie Galr, with Ms new grave face and grave thoughts, came much too frequently to Streatham, thought Mr. Vanderspur, especially as he was far from pleasant company— nob in the least amusfaig, even after dinner, when people are eltherrat their beBt or very sleepyv and he was neither. Why Fortuna did nob tire of him goodnets only knew thought Caleb, for Domlnio said very little to her* and looked with a steady stare before him, thinking ib all over again- there was nob the slightest doubt of that. Ib was very depressing, and of course he, Caleb Van cJenpur, was depressed along with ib. Dominic saw this clearly. 'I am nob happy out of the house,' Dominic said to Fortuna after dinner when they were in the garden together one evening late in June; 'It is only when I see you — when I am by your side, when your hand steals into mine bo-assure me that I have still your love and trust, that I feel peace within myself. But your uncle Vanderspur hates to see me here, Fortuna, and will tell me presently to keep away till times are brighter with us.' ' He will not act bo ungenerously,' said Fortune. 'He hears of this In the city— the rumors steal to Mm from every aide — hla friends offer their own miserable opinions en the subject, and he returns home dis trusting me.' 'You are mistaken, Dominic. You take an exaggerated view of all this.' ' Well, Imay.' 41 You must strive agalnafeab.' The truth will not come out,' he said, ' and we live under a cloud. Eugenie turned against me long ago.' 'That is all fancy ?' ' She suspects me.' 'Ah, poor Eugenie; she has lost her lover and Is very downcast still. We must make every allowance for her.' 'I do,' replied Dominic; 'but her manner adds to my unhapplnesB.' 'Unhapplness?' 'Yes. Wh«n away from here — when I am at home In Gray 'a Inn— and alone— I am unhappy. All that has happened during the day rises like a ghost.' 'Don't brood too much upon this, Dominic. Sometimes I think you would be happier In your mother's home until the better times for both of us come back. Your mother has asked me to join her, thinking I might be happier with her myself.' 'Do you think bo T 'I hardly know.' *' You see they are changing here — and turning against me.' «f No— I do not see that.' ' Yet you are prepared ?' -( I am prepared for many changes that Bernard's death will bring about,' Fortuna answered. 'What changes 3' 11 They are beyond my guessing at. Bab they will come,' 'Alas— yes.' 'I mean changes for the better, Dominic,' she said, more brightly, ' changes that shall let the sunshine in upon our lives and gladden both in God's good time. I don't despair— I am not likely to despair unless you do.' ' God.bless you, Fortuna ; no, I will nob deepalr — for your sake, then,' cried Dominic. ' Why even Eugenie Is getting over lb, I think, by alow degress,' said Fortuna J ' she was playing the piano yesterday for a few minutes— trying a new piece that her father had breughb home for her. That Is a good sign.' 'Yes. She will get over It,' said Dominic. ' Here ahe comes, and a lady with her. Who can this be S' said Fortuna. From the open French windows of the drawing-room there stepped on to the lawn two figures, Eugenie Vanderspur'a and that of a woman nearly of Eugenie's height, and who was chid In black silk and wore a veil to her crape bonnet. The step of the latter seemed strangely familiar to Fortuna, and she waited her approach with an anxiety for which she could not account. It was some one from the past who was advancing, and the past was bo full of bitter memories ! ' Fortuna,' said Eugenie Vanderspur, when they were close upon her, 'here Is a lady anxious to see you on business of Importance.' The lady raised her veil with hands that shook a little as she did so. 'Bachel Wiokerwill,' exclaimed For tuna, holding out her hands. But Bachel did not extend her own hands in response. 'Yes— it Is I,' said she, 'I could not keep away any longer. I want to know bo much I And I have so much to tell yoa 1' (To be continued.) -? 