VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE, THE LEAGUE OF THE CBOSS. A meeting of the members of the St. Francis' branch of the Temperance League was held on Monday evening at St. Augustine's schoolroom, Bourkestreet west, which, notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, was very largely attended. The Rev. J. Malone, who was in the chair, after stating the object of the meeting, viz., to strengthen the members of the council, delivered an address on temperance. At its conclusion various members of the council, enlivened the proceedings with songs, recitations, etc., in which Messrs. Kelly and O'Rourke, of the Brunswick branch, rendered invaluable assistance. ST. PATEICE'S SCHOOLS MAT FAIB. THE FEDEBATION BAZAAB, The May Fair has been well patronised during the week., Eachevening sales were effected on advantageous terms, and in the evening the young ladies who vended tickets for raffles and art-unions succeeded in stimulating visitors to keen competition for the wares, ou the value. and beauty of which they descanted with great fluency and in very convincing terms. The attractions provided are very numerous, and. afford much enjoyment to the numerous visitors who nightly spend an hour at the Fair. The bazaar will be open during the coming 'week. An advertisement in another column notifies that the special prize of the federation bazaar—a valuable doubleseated buggy, fast trotting horse, and a set of splendid new harness—willbe drawn for on the art-union principle, fa; St. John's Hall, Albert-street, on the 23rd inst., at 8 p.m. There are but afew tickets remaining, and persons who desire to secure a chance of winning this valuable prize should obtain tickets at once. Immediately after the drawing a selected concert programme will be gone hrough. ST. JOSEPH'S HOME FOB DESXITUTB CHILDBEN. The first meeting of the general oomittee of this institution pincethe isters of St. Joseph took charge of it was held on Tuesday evening. Pregenp—- he Archbishop (in the chair), Mesdamei : ateman, Taylor, O'Comiell, .Messrs, 'Brien, Grondona, - Flannagaji, Sell- ; , endt, and O'Connor. The ^nnu^report : or the past year was pipga^fd. j^A-i dopted. The balaace-shejet Blurred ion; ,; he recept8. for the y^ ^numv^i to 788 16s. 2d., and the expenditure 4o , 792 4s. 8d., leaving a balance of M Si. d. on the wrong side. The president (Mr. Grondona) reported that the Sisters of St. Joseph were given possession of the Home on the 21st ult., and that already several great improvements had been made in the management of the institntion. The namber of children in the Home at the end of the month was 28, all of whom were in good health. Dr. Percival, of Surrey Hills, had been appointed honorary medical officer. In order to provide suitable accommodation for the nuns it was necessary to make some enlargements to the building; plans were being prepared for this work. During the month the executive had received, per Mr. L. Kenyon, from the Melbourne branch, No. 1, St. Patrick's Society, £2 12s. 6d., and through the same gentleman and Miss Stapleton £6 7b., bequeathed by the late Mrs. E. Doyle to the institution. A fete de chariti had been held at " Oberwyl," St. Xiida, by Mesdames Mouchette and De Vicq in aid of destitute children. It had oeen most successful, and a third of the proceeds, amounting to about £87, had been handed to the treasurer for St. Joseph's Home. The president's report having been adopted, a vote of thanks was passed to the ladies who bad organised the fete. In connection with the erection of the proposed addition to the Home at Surrey Hills, Mr. P. Behrendt, C.E., was requested to assist the Executive Committee in making the necessary arrangements for the speedy execution of the work. THE CATHOLIC SCHOOLS* EXHIBITIONS. The first annual examination of candidates from, the various Roman Catholic primary schools in the archdiocese for the scholarships and exhibitions presented by the Archbishop took place on Tuesday, at Melbourne, Geelong, and Kyneton. The children from schools in the Melbourne 'district were examined in the new' hall at St. Patrick's schoolroom by the Rev. Dr. Graber, inspector of Catholic schools. At Geelong the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery presided at the examination, and at Kyneton the Rev. J. Daly. Altogether there were 226 competitors, of which number nearly half were examined at Melbourne. The total value of the prizes offered this year was £500, and it is hoped that in a few years this sum will be doubled. For scholars in the fourth, fifth, and sixth classes there are money prizes, that for the fourth being £7, the fifth £10, whilst for the sixth class scholarships are offered. This means that the six successful candidates shall be granted twelve months' free tuition in convents or colleges, according to sex, and in cases where any candidate matriculates within fifteen'months another year's gratuitous tuition will be given. The winners of the scholarships are allowed to choose t ie college or convent in which they will receive the twelve months' tuition. The examinations in the various classes were very severe ones, and required a thorough knowledge of the various subjects included in the new school programme. The results will not be known for a couple of weeks. Preliminary steps were taken at a recent meeting of representatives of the Catholic Young Men's Society for the foundation of a seventh scholarship to be known as the "Victorian Catholic Young Men's Societies' Scholarship." The following resolutions were unanimously adopted:— 1st: That, in the opinion of this meeting, the Victorian Catholic Young Men's Societies should establish a scholarship equal in value to any scholarship established by the State schools; 2nd. That the value of scholarship be fixed at £40, tenable for one year, and to be open to all children attending the Catholic primary schools of the archdiocese ; 3rd. That a committee of four be elected, with power to add in its number, to carry the scholarship to a successful issue. It was originally intended that this scholarship should be available for competition to all children attending the Cathplie primary schools of Victoria, but circutnStances have arisen which have compelled' the committee to confine it for the first year to schools within the archdiocese. It is to a certain extent experimental, and conditions may be arranged in future that would be favourable to the admission of candidates from districts outside the archdiocese. CATHOLIC SCHOOLS AND THE MATRICULA- TION EXAMINATION. The following are the names of candidates from the Gatholic schools who succeeded in passing the recent matriculation examination:—St. : Francis XaVier 8 College, Kew, Thomas JoBeph Morgan - St." Patrick's College, Melbourne, William J. ' Pasooe; Holy GhoSt 'Gollege, Ballarat, James Patrick M'M&namyi; James Patrick Ryan; G-erald WilUafeiSmithwick; 1 Gortvent of Mercy, GeeHWgj Lizzie Ryan, Fanny M'Auley, Julia Justice ; Loretto College, Ballarat, Anfiis tsUeeson; 'Presentation Convent, SbjWfikS? Lily Bose. ' < STAB OF THE SEA CONVENT, ELSTERN- WICK. Two candidates were sent up from the above convent to the recent matriculation examination of the Melbourne University, the results of which were made known on Tuesday last. Of these Miss Lily Rose distinguished herself by gaining honors in French and honors in history, and passing in Latin, English, geometery, arithmetic, and geography. The other candidate gained honors in French, and passed in Latin, arithmetic, and geometry, and thus failed to secure matriculation by one subject only. The Star of the Sea Convent has been named by the Minister of Education as one of the institutions at which State school scholars may hold their exhibitions, and, at the present time two of these scholars are seeking to qualify themselves to gain farther scholarships at the end of the year. From these a good account may be expected in the future. KYNETON. (From, a Correspondent.) Active preparations are being made by the ladies connected with the different stalls for the bazaar which is to be held in November next for the purpose of liquidating the debt on the Convent school buildings. A meeting was held on Sunday, when arrangements were made for furnishing the stalls, and a meeting will be held to-morrow (Sunday) to arrange for the holding of an art-union in connection with the bazaar. Good progress is being made by the local branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society. The number of members is steadily increasing, and the library contains a beautiful collection of volumes of various kinds. By a handsome contribution from an anonymous donor the branch has been able to make some improvements to their meeting room, and others are in course of completion, which will make it more attractive. At Vespers on Sunday evening in St. Mary's Church the Rev. Dr. Graeber, inspector of schools in the archdiocese, preached on the Blessed Trinity to a crowded congregation, taking for his text from the gospel of the day, " Going, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The learned doctor held the congregation spell-bound for the space of half an hour. The service was brought to a close by solemn Benediction given bv Dr. Graeber, assisted by the Revs. J. Daly and M. Ryan. The examination of candidates for the Catholic sohool scholarships took place at the Convent school buildings on Tuesday under the superintendence of Fr. Daly. There were 26 male and 22 female candidates hailing from the arious Catholic schools throughout the Kyneton deanery. 