THE SKETCHER To Goondiwindi by the Mail. A JOURNEY THROUGH THE FLOODS. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] " There is no possibility of a mail for a fortnight at least," answered the hotelkeeper at Warwick in reply to my inquiry as to when a coach could start for Goondiwindi. " The road is flooded all the way, and some of the bridges washed away." " If you ain't afraid of a bit of rough riding, Miss," said a voice at my ear, " I'm going to try it in the morning, and there's the box seat if you like." I wheeled round joyfully and confronted Jack—keen-eyed, bright-faced, alert, thorough Australian of the best type—the driver and proprietor of the coach which carries the bi-weekly mail beween War wick and Goondiwindi. " You see," he went on slowly, plaiting a whip-lash with long brown fingers, "there's a whole fortnight's mail to carry through. Gooondiwindi's flooded badly, they say; and I've got my wife and kiddies there, and the house is on the river bank." I made an ex claimation of sympathy. "No fear of their drowning, Miss, but it's just as well to be there I'm thinking. Consider you'll risk it ?" I " considered" I would, and very promptly set off to get things ready, filled with the idea of reaching my journey's end a fort night before I anticipated. At 4 next morn ing I mounted the box, in the hotel yard, and settled myself down for my long drive. I found myself the only passenger behind Jack's lively team of five. We trotted smartly round the corner, and stopped at the post office to take in the mails. It was bitterly cold, and the stars shone with a beauty and brilliance they only show on a moonless night. The great bags lying in the post office porch looked very uncanny in their dim light, with Jack's light showing faintly every now and again in the deep shadow; here we were joined by two small boys, who were to help in the harnessing and to act as outriders, and one of Jack's coachmen, who had come in from Inglewood the preceding day, bringing the disastrous news of the flood. He seemed to have donned sack cloth and ashes for the occasion, so grimy did he look; and, alas ! as I afterwards learnt to my sorrow, smell ! I snuggled down into my warm rug and surveyed him with interest. "Would you mind my giving Bill a seat on the box, Miss ? " asked Jack as he pitched in the last mail-bag. " I'll need him to point out the holes in the road till daylight" I made a virtue of necessity, and vacated my comfortable perch for the middle of the seat; " Bill" girt his sackcloth about him, and fixed himself into my quarters; the boys jumped in; the driver shook his reins, touched up his leaders, and we were off. Ugh! it was cold, and the chilly wind blowing in our faces was unpleasantly suggestive of the flood which had until yesterday submerged the outlying districts of Warwick. We dashed along the sandy road at a quick trot, going due west. As the stars before us sank the sky slowly filled with a strange tremulous light, which caught the ragged edge of a bank of cloud puffing lazily along the horizon, and transformed it into a crowd of strange floating creatures as it moved along over the black bare branches of the ring barked trees, reaching appealingly up to heaven. Here and there reflected faintly some wide shallow pool, filled to overflowing by the flood, making a most strange and weird picture, vaguely suggestive of possible unpleasantness in the shape of aboriginal ghosts. It was all very creepy; I wasn't comfortable. "Bill" did not improve an acquaintance ; he smelt horsy, chewed audibly, and expectorated freely, in a patronising fashion, as if giving me to understand it was done wholly for my amusement. He had his theories too, one of them evidently being " the good old plan," so he had no scruple in edging me by degrees off my cushion, and taking possession thereof, encroaching farther and farther till he disposed himself com fortably against my shoulder. I did not like it, but I had to bear it till the sun rose, and as the long level rays shot over the shadowing earth I caught sight of a tiny bear, the picture of contented slumber, with its back propped against the trunk of a tree, and its head tucked snugly away between its paws. The sight roused me to frenzy. I surveyed "Bill's" ample proportions that fitted my seat, then thought of the "sharp and sudden" edge on which I was pretending to sit. I turned to Jack in rebellion and sternly informed him that I was no doubt a very small person, still I needed something to sit on. " Bill" regarded me in disgusted astonishment, Jack smiled, and, as we pulled up at that moment at a small inn, indicated to my dis agreeable companion that he might " sit on the mails." Bill complied with a shockingly bad grace, and I resumed my position with much satisfaction. The country through which our road now lay was very pretty; picturesque little hills rose here and there, well wooded, and innocent of the ever-present ringbark. But the flood covered the grass-land everywhere. Every small creek was running level with its banks, five times their normal depth and width. As we neared Toolburra station the water spread out into a great lake, from which Toolburra rose like an island. There was no indication of a road any where, but Jack lashed up his horses and splashed through it merrily, scattering mud and rain over Bill and the two small boys in our career. After leaving the mail at Toolburra we reached the first of the disabled bridges, and the entire force turned out to fill up with logs the space washed away between the road and the river bank. They worked with a good will, paddling knee-deep in the mud, dragging branches of trees, logs, and fencing, while I held the reins in fear and trembling. This finished, all mounted again and the bridge was crossed. I shall never for get the mighty bump with which that crossing endowed the back of my head. We had then a clear road for a considerable distance and pulled up at Marshal's to breakfast at half-past 9, twenty miles from Warwick. We all sat down to breakfast together, and I had an op portunity of witnessing to what a marvellous extent the appetite of the average small boy can be developed by an early drive. After breakfast I was amused to see a young lady ride off with the mail-bag before her—no small undertaking on such a frisky animal as the one she rode. We heard very bad news of Goondiwindi and Inglewood, and I could see Jack's brows come together in anxiety as we started again. I do not think our progress to the next stage could be called " driving," it was simply careering. Every time the horses tried to settle down into an ordinary every-day trot Jack would half rise in his seat, and in tones as resounding as the falling of Thor's hammer inform the off leader, on which he seemed to have " a down:" " I'm watching you ! you rubbish ! Tim!" and without further inducement Tim would resume his mad flight. This mode of travel brought us to our second stage, where the horses were once more changed. As Jack came in sight of the paddook a number of men came up to meet as, eager for news of " the flood." " It's small use yeer trying to get to Goondi windi," remarked in a sorrowful drawl a tall sunburnt man, whose garments put me in mind of Rip Van Winkle when he awoke from his long sleep, " The floods have been over it this week an' more. Yes'ill niver git there, an' iv yes do, sorra a Gundiwindi ye'll find. It's all swipt away in the Macintyre." " Well, I'm going to get there, and don't you forget it," was Jack's answer. "Bet ye a bob yes'ill never get to Ingle wood," was the prompt offer. "Done !" replied Jack laconically. "Borrow your bob for this day week." The lanky son of Erin smiled an unbelieving smile and strode off, evidently considering his coin safe. This time we started with six horses, five in harness and one running along beside the leader by the bridle. I could not help looking at it in terror. Fancy driving that horse outside the harness at such a pace through such a country. Then I recollected that Jack probably knew what he was about, and "lay low and listened." The road, if it could be dignified by such a title, was awful : when by any chance the wheels descended into one of the enormous ruts every bone in my body came together with a jar, and the boys and Bill would ascend to the roof of the coach, and come down again with suddenness as remarkable as it was severe. We were flying along through pretty green country, when we were met by a great mob of little brown sheep, most of them limping slowly along over the stony road, all tired and bruised with their journey. The coach drew up to allow the little creatures to pass, while the men gathered round Jack anxious to gain and impart informa tion on the all-engrossing subject of the flood. Each and every one repeated the impossibility of our reaching Inglewood, adding the news that the bridge had been carried away at one end and rendered impassable; also that the town was under water, and the Judge had been obliged to turn on his way to Goondiwindi. " Ah," said Jack in his laconic tones, " I'm bound to try;" and with a parting salute of "Be good", we were off again, only to be stopped about half a mile farther on by a mob of cattle, fine, fat, glossy-skinned beasts, mak ing me grateful I was out of reach of their formidable horns. About ten miles farther on we stopped at Jacob Smith's to lunch, and heard much good-humoured gossip concerning "his Honour" the Judge, who had, seemingly, a prejudice in favour of fresh mutton which Mr. Smith had been unable to gratify. With many good wishes from Mrs. Smith, whose delicious roast chicken still lingers in my memory, we left at 1 o'clock and set off at a canter on a hilly rocky road. What had gone before was ease and elegance compared with our progression now. Up hill, and down dale! each little gully presenting the appearance of a tiny valley {> OOVXRNMBIra HOUWC, NQTOJOpA, NEW CALEDONIA. [Bee V9*> ML] 1-klUUry HotpiUl. ft-Atohbbbosrl*. fr-Ck>v«nua«tt Hhrm ud Churdwu, 4.—lUMrroln, PORTRAIT O|* RfiMBBANDT, tt*m *a Ebbing by blmMlf, 1«W. [8m Ph* Mil filled with some mighty stream, carrying trees, fencing, and pumpkins madly along in its headlong course. I fully realised what it would feel to be churned, and speculated, between my flights to the roof, as to what my ap pearance would be at the end of my journey. After some dozen miles of this style of pro ceeding the horses toiled slowly up an un usually steep hill, and there at the bottom ran a foaming torrent of yellow water, boiling madly along, bridgeless, right in our way. My heart sank as Jack with a long whistle dis mounted. After carefully reconnoitring he returned to the box, and taking the reins from me turned and remarked: "Are you afraid, Miss ?" " Not a bit," I answered stoutly, with my heart in my boots. "If it's to be done, go on." For, I reflected, I can die but once, and why show the white feather ? " Well, send we don't get hit by a stump!" And the next minute we were careering down that hill at the rate of ninety miles an hour. We were in it. As the turbid water foamed over the horses I caught sight of a huge trunk coming full tilt against the horses' heads, with fifty crooked branches outspread to overturn us. " It's all over," I thought, and closed my eyes just as the water washed clean over the horses and touched my feet on the board. Then sud- denly I felt the coach heel slightly to one side, while the wood rang with the most diabolical yells and shouts I ever heard. I felt Jack's whip whizzing like lightning through the air. There was a mighty splash and struggle, and, thinking it would be as well to die with my eyes open, I found we were on the other side toiling up the bank. I was just drawing a breath of relief when the led horse slipped in the mud and went over, jamming one of his hind legs in between the spokes of the wheel- at the same time the leader Tim, a vicious brute, got his legs over the traces, and began to kick like fury. Jack yelled at the top of his voice, and the small boys and Bill sprang out. One of them sat down on the poor pros trate brute and flattened his felt hat over its' eyes ; it immediately became quiet. Bill shot to Tim's head, and all was quiet again. Jack handed me the reins once more and descended to pull out the animal's legs. One of them caught the horse by the tail while another hauled the legs, and as the poor thing rose saw it was bleeding profusely from a nasty cut in its side. Nobody seemed put out much. Jack resumed his whistling, the boys resumed their slumbers. And as we galloped down the next hollow even the poor little horse seemed to forget its wound. But Fate seemed against us. Jack on putting on the brake found it to be broken, and for a good hour I wandered about in the bush watching the wood pigeons chasing lizards while they mended it. With infinite trouble it was at length made fit to go on, and after a furious gallop through a long lane of beautiful trees, on good hard ground, Jack drew up at a roadside paddock to change horses. We were now twelve miles from Inglewood, and getting once more into flooded country. The road was in many places quite impassable, and Jack drove his team through the uncleared bush. I never saw such driving in my life. I was alternately pitched to the roof and obliged to hang on in desperation to the seat. Then after plodding for three weary miles at a snail's | pace through a lane of black soil, bordered by primeval forest, we caught sight of the lights of Inglewood shining through the trees. A few more turns in the road brought us to the river, and there knee deep in water we stopped. Of Inglewood nothing was visible but half of the houses. The flood was evidently falling, but the river was still over its banks and running like a mill race. Of the bridge nothing was visible but the posts along the edge. I looked at the torrent, and mentally agreed with Rip Van Winkle that his coin was safe. It seemed impossible to cross. I was stiff, wet, cold, and hungry, and I did not hail with joy the prospect of camping out in the water. There was the usual turnout, and I watched one of the small boys mount a horse and plunge in where the bridge was supposed to be. Again and again the current seemed to be carrying him away, but as often the brave little chap turned his horse's head, and, yelling like any dirty little demon, gained the other side. Jack at once turned and began piling the mails on the roof of the coach; Bill doffed his coat of sackcloth and swam boldly over ; the returned explorer, in company with the second small boy, mounted the leaders as outriders, and Jack turned to me : » Now, Miss, you'll have to get on top if you'd like to cross dry." So I scrambled up and sat on the mails, holding on like grim death. I had a variety of entertaining ideas as I clung to the coach, but none of them suggested a more lady like mode of crossing the brook, so I watched the swimming horses, and the streaming gamins whacking the skittish creatures, and calculated what kind of a corpse I should look after nine or ten miles of the brook. The whirling current swayed the coach from side to side as we went, the figure on the box looked tense and rigid as he flung the long whip round the horses' heads, while shout after shout rang out in the night air, bringing down a crowd of very damp-looking men, who silently greeted Bill and watched with growing excitement the struggle between nature and man. I began to feel quite amused as I viewed them all from my perch. I had an idea that Bill was absorbed in the delightful anticipation of seeing me tumble off—a possibility by no means remote. But man gained the victory, as he always will. We were over! deep in black mud, and con fronted by a bank as steep as a housetop. I got off the roof and climbed up the wet slippery JULES FONTBERTASSE—An Escapee from New Caledonia, now In Brisbane Gaol. [See page 932.] HENRY GEORGE, [See page 982?] ALPHONSE MARQUELET-An Escapee from New Caledonia, now in Brisbane Gaol [See page 982] bank. At least I was in Inglewood, half way to Goondiwindi, and comfort. [to be continued.] 