THE YOUNG- FOLKS. JAPANESE CHILDREN. O wingto their longer elusiveness, the J apanese race has many peculiarities which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows,- given way to. freedom of intercourse, and. fi(|KSb6rs of f iigir youtn 8X0 -constantly sent. to Europe for educational purposes. ThesC youug people are intelligent and keen, bat they are so much upon the watch ; for our peculiari tfes rhatit is easy to see they are not to the maimer bom ; they are the' creation of another, civilisation, with different habits and easterns;-'- Tqbegrn withthe beginning, Japanese babies are'not pampered, hnd petted, and made into' hothouse pteuts. Mothers work upon what is known as teetoughening theory. Plenty of life in the open air, often in a state of nudity and'' with theheadshaved, is the common treatment..? lit tee housebabiee aqeieft much to their own devices. . Mast of the fnrniture of a European home is not seen .among the Japanese." Thick mate-are almost the only adornment, and' teat" inakes a splendid playground for the . little children. . -.. .. . . . . i Saperetitionbegius with a child's birth, ana, in order to keep off the bogies, its first clothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, immaterial being dyed sky- blue for that partes a?, 'Among the wealthier families the"'- RecdW%f Ceremony" says teat " twenty-four baby robes, twelve of silk and twelve of cotton, must be prepared, the hems being dyed saffron colour," and that when the child has been washed its body "must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed." The next important business is giving it a name. The.chUdis taken to the temple meretypreeknfod there; - without any rehgibus ceremony, The-father-gives three names to the priest, and he writes them' on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, and then, frith certain f cams, thrown into the air. _ The .first that falls is the chosen name. This written put on paper and given to 'the child's parents to preserve. The priests at these times are asuaflf very liberally dealt .with by parents in thfe matter of presents, and they are expected to keep an accurate registry of tee children pre- sentedat thtsteniple. Then follows a family feast at home, at which time the child receives Certain specified presents ; if it is a girl, a pot of pomade; if a boy, two fans. In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, eignifying good wishes for a long life. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes may be left off on tee .seventy-fifth day after birth, but they mnsta feft joff on the. oae'.hun- dredaad -tttentietevieh tee time set for weaning the child. There are elaborate cere monies connected with this, one of which is teat as feeding by hand-breins then, if tee child is a hoy it must he fed by a gentleman of the family ; if a girl, by a fady. : When a boy is three. years old a sword-belt is btickied on. "When.he is seven he has two smallswords put' in it if he ' happens to belong to tee privileged class. f jBabire l£ljp%kve tee head' shaved until teey are four years old, then teree little patches are grown. Children in Christian lands are very fond of hearing stories, -like-:" Cinderella" aud " Jack the Giant Killer," "Beauty and tee Beast;" and, strange' to eay, Japanese babies have tee same taste, and, still stranger, have those same storm but some also that are'peculiarto them- : salves, like tee story of the " Two Bamboos," which isTfere' given : By foesidc of the hay of Yeddo, on a beauti ful bank, grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, lusty, and strong ; the other graceful, drooping, : and tender. Said the stronger to tec weaker : " I" should like to - know what good you q.re !a The smallest breeze makes you bend your head, almost double and sigh with phin. . Look at 3 me! I don't core what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. l ean face them and feel the better for it." " . ' The sle ner bamboo, who was modest and irMtgj iepliadi Yes, we are each suited to otcr roeatidu in life."' Y-ou will be a stout coolie pole." "Coolie pole, -indeed!" snorted her j companion , oontempfcuopely . " Not I ! nothing ' hut the inast bf a junk for . n8.? ' - ' And""': said the slender bamboo, "Ishatt"be used t6 decorate a house at the New Year festival, if I'm to be used at alL" " Don't count on teat," rongldy said tee Kg bamboo. They'll mate you into mats or something or other low." Why, you're fit f or notbing.ielse !" As he spoke >S' strong breeze came in from the sea and made i the miole hillside quiver and righ— all hut tee stout bamboo, who merely bent his head as iftb say "Go on; it pleases you and don't hurt me," while tee poor little one at his ride bent, and swayed, and groaned to see so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twood-cutters came. "Orral Grra'!" they cried. "Here's a fine, fellow for Hinashi's junk !" " Told you so," : whispered the big bamboo. "Now for lifb-!- Anything rather than stop on this bank'spend- ing tee -heat years of . one's life in listenug.to your groanings." The axes were plied, ancbhe fell witha thundering crash. .,1.- Meanwhile tee slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every' day, . and ; tee village children eamo to play under her shade, for teey had learned to- love her, and called her their " Silver Spray." One day there was a -great hullabaloo in the plantatiofi. ' What is the matter P" asked the bamboo of her neighbour. "They ore going to build a house here for the Fiance of Tosa," replied the tree, " and we're all to be swept away;" . And the next day the wood-cutters came and the work of destruction commenced." Down, upon the sand were thrown the beautiful flowers and tee graceful clusters of leaves.- The little bamboo trembled and wondered 'when' her. turn would, come. At length" : the de stroyers approached her, and a man was swing ing his axein tee air So give her the fatal blfiw when a chorus of child voices was heard: "No ; don't kill Silver Spray— please don't !" The man dropped his.- axe, aud she was- saved. The children tenderly dug her up -and carried her tea brautifol garden, where they -planted heron a bank overlooking tee sea. <&e; day a dreadful storm arose, the water Was churned into dark- green mountains of waves and in all directions junks could be seen flying to the nearest riielter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of pnzple iris. Next morning the shore was strewn with timbete and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly braised and cracked jn many places. As' the men dragged him to the foot of tee garden he saw her and 6aid : " Ah,. I wish X had been a coolie pole !" And be was cat tip for firewood, but the' slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when-she heard boasting going on around her would often tell the story of her strong, lusty com panion. One or two hundred years ago tee old- fariiioced nurses were not content with telling tales like " Cinderella" and the like, but there was a whole range of literature like tee " Tale of Lord Lovell," and tee " Babes in tbe Woods," aud ,"Mary Ambree," and the ' " Witch Mother," and tbe like. The Japanese children have tales like thete and far worse, for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales are foil of ghosts and demons. There is not an operation of nature or arimple act of daily life which not an association of home weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They are everywhere. They not only appear in the dark, or haunted houses, or in floomy woods. Every quality, such as anger, pride, malice, revenge1 — every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for victims. Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely see sewer-gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of i men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they- behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old man j under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity — it is not an intangible shadow or a phantom on which yon cannot lay hands, but it is a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly teat it handles tools, and swords, and two-' bladed daggers just as effectively as a man ; hence it is a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, powerless ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian lands. ' Whatever shows itself to he a power in nature, is invested with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a stonn fiend that drives it — a malevolent, malicious, destructive, hateful being. One of tee Japanese ghosts is a ' judicious ahd highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water ; it has horrid arms and claws to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the months of wells and cisterns when he fi.! of an awful water-sprite which is waiting to drag him down. One of the cheerful ideas common to humanity is teat of the vampire— that is.toespmtof the deaflCTtariTiginto adeparted body andkeepingi terefsi tempire as tee tender iraBat of little children; hence: Taponese chfldrerfwill sot keep late hours or go v ! .1 near a place of burial lest a vampire should spze upon them and suck out their life-blood- and feed upon their tender flesh. "As.-the ordinary food of tee vampire is tee body of the dead,, and tee tid-bits from living .brings only come as oocasionai feasts, the vam- pjre is naturally represented with the spade and .pick-axe, with which it - digs its way into the grave. 