THE general elections to the popular chamber in the New Zealand Parlia ment took place on Friday amidst public excitement which is said to have been greater than ever before known. The reason of this was that politicians and electors have lately been quietly and almost insensibly drifting into opposite camps, and the strength of these, as indicated by the elections, is moie nearly equal than many were inclined to suppose. It is all over the great question of financial admimstia tion, one party holding that foi some years yet to come New Zealand must persevere in the practice of retrench ment and economy as introduced and ably carried out by Sir Harry Atkin son and his colleagues and supporters, while the other party point to the great improvement in the financial position of the colony, and to its better reputation in the British money market, as showing that the time has come to revert to a more liberal public works policy, and to resort once more to borrowing money The resources of New Zealand, say these latter, are hampered and crippled in their development by the extreme economy of the administration, and this state of things is only toleiable under the pressure of the most abso lute necessity, and should be altered as soon as the pressure is relieved. On the other side, the cry is that to slacken the severity of the check upon national expenditure is to start back in the direction of Vogelism. If it be once admitted that the financial guarantee is no longer required, and that New Zealand may justifiably be come again a customer to the British money lender, it will be impossible to set any limit to the demands for loans, and equally impossible to prevent their being misspent. If one Ministry had honesty and courage enough to refuse, then another would be found ready and willing to pilot the State coach into danger, and the outcome would as suredly be another crisis, only more disastrous and enduring than that from which New Zealand is now re covering. The issue is one w Inch will powerfully affect the progress and wel fare of the colony for perhaps genera tions to come, and it is little wonder that public feeling over the elections ran extremely high. The returns show that Sir Harry Atkinson and most of his colleagues have been returned, some of them by big majorities. If, however, the local press correspondents classify the rank and file of newly-elected members cor rectly, the opponents of Sii Harry Atkinson and his policy will make a formidable show in the new House. The Opposition leader, Sir Robert Stodt, is invalided, and was, there fore, not a candidate, and his first lieutenant, Mr Baixance had to fight pretty hard for his seat at Wanganui. This looks as if the Opposition would be short of capable leaders The re tirement of Sir Geo Grey, the veteran of New Zealand politics, is chiefly interesting from the length and importance of his public career. But Sir George has not been sufficiently powerful in the House or the country to be a dangerous opponent for several years past. It was to be ex pected of the centres of active com merce, which have suffered severe de pression through the unwelcome but needful economies lately practised, that they would select men ready to lift once more the flood gates of the golden stream. Thus we find Welling ton returning one professed indepen dent and two avowed Oppositionists. Invercargill sends an Opposition member, so does Oamaru and Wan ganui. Dunedin and suburbs return four members, each of which has the significant 0 after his name. In these greater commercial centres the most strenuous efforts were made to secure the return of men willing to make money and trade abundant by the easy process of drawing upon the national credit. Sir Harry Atkinson’s political manifesto has the disadvantage of being familiar to all sides and de cidedly stale to many. He advocates a continuance of the policy of the past three years, yet some folks are sighing for change, and to these a programme which means a resumption of public works on a large scale and a general impetus to trade is very alluring. On the other hand, Sir Harry and his friends are anxious that the solid re sults of severely economical govern ment shall not be wasted by any ic action towards extended and in judicious national enterprise. And when some of the solid results aforesaid are noted this reluct ance to trifle with them appears highly proper. The Atkinson Go vernment, we are reminded, found a falling revenue and a rapidly increasing deficit, and have not only restored the balance, but are systematically and largely charging to ordinal y revenue expenditure which used to be defrayed from loans. They have proved beyond question that the colony can pay its way, and make substantial progress without borrowing from outside. This has been done at the cost of reducing the number of popular representatives, which proves to he a benefit all round, and thorough reorganisation and economy in the Civil Service, which now as to both numbers of officeis and emoluments beats some rational pro portion to the services required of it Sir Harry admits that the ex tension of settlement within the colony involve chaiges which are not fairly chargeable to ordinary revenue, besides which that revenue is already loaded to its full carring power. Yet if money cannot be found for the opening up of land foi settlement, and the acquisition, as needed, of native lands, stagnation and loss of population will, says Sir Harry, certainly follow. Still he is firm on the point that “ no furthei loans foi public works of any kind should be placed on the London market for some years to come ” Such amounts as may be required aie to be ob tained locally, as capital is known to be accumulating m the colony, and it weie bettei, in Sir Harry’s opinion, to pay the local lender a little higher interest than to appeal to the London market Much mil depend on whethei a majority of the new House will agree to these eminently sound and practical views. The whole question of the future financial policy of New Zealand will no doubt be exhaustively argued on the floor of the House, and prove the occasion of a decisive trial of strength between the contending sides It will be well for New Zealand if the advocates of independence and economy carry the day. The evidence of Mr Luxt, Engineei of Existing Lines, before the Hallway Committee last week, reveals some extraordinary anomalies in our fear fully and wonderfully managed—or mismanaged—railway system. A con tract to build a line being let in the usual way and on the usual terms, is supposed to be thoroughly supervised from start to finish by the officers of the department of construction, and in due course is accepted by them as complete according to specification At this stage the Engineer of Existing Lines comes in as a sort of intermediary between the Engineei-in-Chief, who is supposed to be responsible for construction, and the Commissioners who are supposed to attend to all the details of working management. Assuming that a line is taken over by the State as in all respects complete and ready for traffic, it is difficult to see why it should not be forthwith transferred to the Commissioners and set to work It turns out, however, that the Engineei of Existing Lines has sometimes to refuse to accept the transfer of a line from the construction department, on the ground of obvious deficiency or imperfection of work and material. And, where tilings are apparently all right at the time of transfer, it frequently happens that the Engi neer of Existing Lines oiders heavy outlay befoie he will admit the line to be safe for traffic. In one place ballast is so light as to be blown away, and in another the fiist shower reduces it to mud This place is timbered with un ripe green wood, which has to be re newed at great expense, and in another case bridges are built of timber and the Engineer of Existing Lines thinks they would be better in brick or stone. At any rate it is clear that under the abovenamed officer a heavy outlay is constantly going on, which cannot be justified if the specifications are sufficiently stringent and explicit, and the inspecting officers do their duties. Now, anyone who has read the foi in of specification used in rail way contracts will be convinced that the contractor is at the mercy of the department at every stage, so much so indeed that tendereis, so it is said, add a stiff percentage to the lump sum on the chance of being committed to an inspector who will insist to the full on every detail. If then the specifi cations are so clear and complete how comes it that line aftei line is passed by the construction department, and immediately requires heavy additional outlay to make it safe to travel on 1 There are but two obvious suggestions, that the supervision is disgracefully imperfect, or that there is an improper understanding and favoritism shown between inspecting officers and contractors In order to remedy the evils thus brought about we are saddled with the huge cost of the depaitment of the engineer of exist ing lines Instances of what happens are not far to seek The notorious and scandalous Bacchus Marsh and Ballan line was taken over from the contractors several months before it was opened for traffic, and in the interval money was poured out like water in the desperate efforts to fetch it up to a safe working standard. This is, perhaps, the worst job of the whole, but there are many others. And things are so obscured and complicated in the railway accounts that the public has little or no idea of how the money is squandered. Look at the sum of £26,000 set down for sundry works between Castlemaine and Donald, when £25,000 of this was spent on a station at Maryborough. Will anyone pretend that the item is honestly specified in the schedule 1 On the whole the wonder is that with such management as we have, the railways of the country have not driven us to national bank ruptcy. They certainly will drive us there if there is not prompt and thorough reform. Cr Shoppee drew the att-ntion of the City Council yesterday to persistent rumors that one gentleman m the Railway Department was determined to remote the machinery from the workshops at the Western station to Newport There was room in the shops for 70 or SO men, and only 14 were em ployed, any trifling repairs required being sent to Newport There was a lot of rolling stock up the country, and repairs could b* done much more cheaply here than by send mg to New port. He hoped the members for the district would see that the promise of the Minister on this point was kept. The official nfened to, it was said, was determined to effect the change during tne Parliamentary reces". Cr Smith, M.L.A , said the answer given to his question in Parliament concerning the removal of the shops was that the buildings would not be removed, and he had given notice of a question with reference to the ma chinery. If the answer to this was not satisfactory he would speak as forcibly as he could when the railway estim ites came ou. To remove sheds th it had cost £lO,OOO for the sake of centralisation was monstrous. He would do Ins utmost to stop the removal. Cr Thompson rem irked that the machinery at the West should be worked; if it was not it might as well be removed. It was monstrous that every little thing should go to Newport. Cr Morey thought Ballarat had as much claim to the work as Newport, especially as it would benefit the country by doing it here In England and America the work was dis tribute.!, and it paid better He believed the present Minister of Railways would bring pressure to bear on the Comnuasioneis to do what was just Cr Cooke remarked that in America not only were there central sheds for repairs but also for making loco motives all thiough the States If it paid private companies lo do this, surely it would pay the Government He protested against the centralisation. Cr Sliter hoped our representatives would see that the promise to have repairing work done here was carried out. Hie matter then diopped, A public meeting will be held at the City Hall this afternoon, at half past 4 o’clock, to consider Mr J. Robson’s resignation of the conductorship of the Ballarat Lieder tafel. Inspector Parkinson will leave Ballarat on Tuesday next for Gippsland, to supersede Superintendent Beaver, resigned. It is probible that the excellent services of the inspector during the time that he has been stationed in this district will be recognised in a suitable manner by the citizens of Bal larat. Much regret has been expressed on all sides at the loss of such a capvble officer, but his promotion will be looked upon with pleasure. Nothing definite has yet been announced ns to who is to be Mr Parkinson's successor in Ballarat A special meetingof subscribers to the Mechanics’lnstitute was held last night for the purpose of confirming a resolution carried at the half yeaily meeting altering the rule relating to the qualification necessary for a seat on the committee The piesident (Mr A. Miller) occupied the chair. A formal resolution confirming the alteration was carried unanimously, and the meeting closed. The amended estimates for the forth coming year were finally adopted by the City Council yesterday The receipts were estimated at £28,530 Is 7d, of which £l5 000 is expected to be derived from rates, £3956 2s from licenses, and £lOOO from endowment The receipts also embrace £787 10s arrears from Tramway Company and £5OO for the current year The expenditure is set down at £28,469 17e, the chief items being—in terest, sinking fund, &c.;, £5060, maintenance and labor, £6OOO, girdens (maintenance and improvements), £l’39; improvements to L ike Wendouree, £l3OO, ward works, £l4OO, special works, £1200; park lands, £4OO, Western reserve, £l5O, Victoria Park, £200; City Fire Brigade, £5OO, Redan Creek, £400; street lighting, £2OOO. Mr H. A Nevett has received from Mr W T. Jones a cheque for £2O towards the Shakespeare statue fund. The example is one that it is to be hoped other wealthy citizens will follow. The employes at the establishment of Messrs Wood Brothers yesterday presented their employ ers vv ith an address sympathis mg with them in their financial troubles. The approximate schedule of the firm, as lodged with the clerk of courts, Ballarat, was published in The Star yesterday. We are informed that Messrs Wood Brothers employed about 70 hands in their workshops, and that among this number the sum of £lOO was distributed weekly in wages At the City Council yesteiday Cr Thorap son advocated the making of arrangements for a band to play at the gardens on Sunday afternoons during the summer months He remarked that the Salvation Army would be nothing without its band, and they wanted something to liven them up. He thought it might be left for the mayor The miyor— “ 1 can assure you I will take no such «teps ” Cr Thompson then gave notice of motion about the matter. Evidences of the way in which work is done ou the “ best managed system of rail ways in the world” were furnished at the City Council meeting yesterday. Cr Smith, M L.A , remarked tint instructions had been given to send everything wanting re pairs to Newport. Be had seen a tmek going down, the expense of sending which to Newport would be greater than the work would cost if done here, to say nothing of the delay, Cr Thompson said he had seen a link sent from the country to be welded. As showing how many hands it hud to go through it was ticketed four times He could have done the work required himself, and any blacksmith would have dune the welding for less than half the cost of send mg it to Newport By the increased valuation of the ratable property in the Bungareeslure, the assess ment has been raised from £27,900 to £33,465. Under the old valuation the rates were fixed at 2s iu the £, which yielded a revenue of £2700. The council intends to reduce the rating to Is fid in the £ on the increased valuation, which will give a revenue of £2509 17s 6d, It is anticipated that with this income and the Government subsidy the council will be able to discharge all its obligations. Mary Brow n, y esterd vy at the Town Police Court, proceeded against Thomas Hennessey, said to be her brother-in-law, for alleged unlawful assault, for which she claimed £lO damages Mr T. A. Robertson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Shaw for the defendant. The case for the prosecution was that on a recent date Mrs Browu gave a party in celebration of the marriage of her sister. Hennessey and his wife were among the guests. While a “ bit of diversion” was proceeding Hennessey, it is stated, quarrelled with Ins wife in the garden attached to the house, situated on the Bumny ong road Mrs Brown, on hearing the cries of her sister, pro ceeded to her assistance, and Hennessey, who became infuriated at the “ uncalled for interference,” drew a knife, it was alleged, and stabbed Mrs Brown on the face in close proximity to the nasal organ For the defence it was urged that Hennessey “ did not even lay a hand on the prosecutrix,” that the story about the knife and the blood letting was a fabrication, that Hennessey was as quiet as a lamb, that he was one of the best conducted mortals to be found on the Australian side of the equator, and that the whole proceedings were maliciously directed towards him “ for no reason whatever ” To make matters more cruel, when “the tiff” was on between himself and Ins wife, he was suddenly surrounded by a hostile crowd of men and women, who threatened to “demolish him,” and all for no reason what ever. Against this testimony, however, Mr Tregonning deposed that he heard the ruction in the garden, and he had “ half an inclination ” to proceed to the scene of the combat and give Hennessey “something that he wouldn’t have liked, you know.” The evidence in the case perplexed the bench, and after a tele a tele conversation the chair man announced that the case was dismissed owing to the contradictory nature of the evidence. At the same court Catherine O’Malley was fined £l, with Is damages, in default seven days in gaol, for destroying a window iu the house of her sister, Bridget Hyland An application to have the accused bound over to keep the peace was withdrawn. John WiEon and Samuel Claydon, two well dressed young men, were charged by Plain clothes Constable M'Pherson with being rogues and vagabonds and with being in a public place with the view of committing a felony. The accused were remanded until Monday next. Particulars in this case were published in The Star yesterday. Annie Johnson and Emma Burrovves, who boxed in Bridge street on Sunday night, and who would have continued the encounter to the “bitter end” had it not been for the majesty of the law (represented by Con stvble Barrett), were each fined ss. It was stated in court that “ a young gentleman” was at the bottom of the trouble. Routine business having been transacted, the court adjourned Messrs Long, Glenny, Fitz gerald, and Robertson, J’s P , were the presiding magistrates. A second field trial of reapers and binders, for pnz“s offered by the Ballarat Agnonl turnl and Pastoral Society, will be held to da> on the farm of Mr Grills, about two miles from the Tourello railway station. The following machines' will compete:—M’Cor mick, Hornsby, Wood, Buckeye, Howard, Deenng, Mercer, and Massey. Work will commence at U o'clock. Tne annual sittings of the Ballarat Licen sing Court will be held this morning at the Ljdiard street courthouse, at 10 a.m. His Honor Judge Gaunt and Messrs Thomson and Heron, P M’s, will preside. When the City Council met yesterday the mayor (Cr Hickman) apologised for the ab sence of Or Little, who, he was sorry to s vy. was seriously ill. He was sure they all hoped Cr Little might speedily recover. General sympathy was expressed with Cr Little in Ins suffering, and all present ex pressed the hope that he might soon be amongst them again. At the sittings of the Ballarat County Court yesterday Mr John Keating, farmer, of Bungaree, sued to recover from Messrs Foran Brothers the sum of £53 for the wrongful conversion of a quantity of pota toes Mr Salter appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Barrett for the defendants. It was alleged by tb» plaintiff th it the p >tatoes, which were his propertj, had been seized and sold by the defendants without the latter being authorised to do so. For the defence it was alleged that there was a verbal agreement between the parties for the sale of the p itatoes by the plaintiff to the defendants The latter found them at the Bungaree Junction railway station, and then remov ed them and sold them Bef ire the sale defendants hud seen the plaintiff in reference to the potatoes, but the prices had nseu considerably between this time and the date of the sale. A good deal of evidence of a contradictory nature was taken. His Honor the jury to decide ns to whether there was any verbal agreement for the sale of the potatoes to the defendants, aud ns to whether the delivery of tne pota toes at the railway station was in pursuance of that verbal agreement Both questions were decided in the affirmative by the jury, and his Honor entered up a veruict for the defendants with costs, A hawkers’ licensing court will be held in Ballarat East to day The “ renewals” ap plied for number nearly 100, 30 of the ap pi cants being Hindoos. A miner n lined George Strait sustained a severely lacerated wound on the left leg while working at the Star of the Eist No 2 shaft j esterdny. The wound w as sew n up at the Hospital A lad named Karl Rasmussen also attended at the institution suffering from a wound on the right thumb cui-icd by a pair of shears with which he was playing. The ANA. demonstration committee have received a cheque for £1 Is from Messrs Brophy, Foley, and Dowling At the next meeting of the Bungareeshire Council it is intended to reduce the rate from 2s in the £to Is fid The present rate his been in existence for about 10 years, and owing to the prosperous condition of the council’s affairs it is now considered quite practicable to effect the reduction llns vv is attributed by Crs Anderson and Clohesy and President O’Day yesterday to the ener getic and consistent manner in whicn the saoretary, Mr Actou, had performed the duties of his position. The December sittings of the Ballarat County Court opened yesterday morning, before his Honor Judge Gaunt The court at its rising adj< urned until 12 o’clock to day, as the moining will be taken up with Licensing Court business. The Benevolent Asylum committee n et last evening, when there were present Messrs Edwards (president), Josephs, Curtis, M’Naught, Lov itt, Coutts, Fitzgerald, Ham, Scott, Hickman, Lessels, Gale, Dimsey, Shoppee, the Rev. T R Cairns, and the Rev. Father Doyle. Tne following dona tions, received by letter since last meeting, were ordered to be acknowledged with thanks —Collected by Mr A. M’Cook from the employes on the Ercilduune Estate, £5, Avocislnre Council, £5. Some correspond ence of a routine character was received and dealt with On the motion of Mr Scott, it was decided to hav e all the rooms measured, so as to know exactly what numb-r of inmates could be accommodated, while complying strictly with the provisio is of the Health Act Some other business was trans acted, and the committee adjourned. A meeting of the sports committee of the Foundation Day demonstration was held last evening, when a very interesting pro gramme vv is drawn up, including firemen’s races, swimming match, and various other items, which should draw a large number of entries The Rev Father Lee, M.A., has arrived in Ballarat to issume charge of the Holy Ghost College, vice the Rev. Dr Relfd, who is now in Pans Father Lee comes from the cele brated Black Rock College, near Dublin, in which he was one of the leading pro fessors. Mr C C Shoppee, treasurer of the Bene voleut Asylum, referred at the meeting of the committee last night to the Chanty Organisation Conference which he had at tended in Melbourne. The deliberations hud brought out little new, aud he had nothing that would be of any benefit to this institution. A vote of thanks was passed to Vlr Shoppee for the trouble he bad taken iu the matter. Mr Fitzgerald, who moved the vote, thought they could not find three better managed institutions in the colony than thonc in Ballarat—a sentiment which was echoed by other members. At the meeting of the Bungareesinre Council yesterday Mr S. B. Parker was ap pointed to the office of clerk of works for the erection of the bridge at Lai Lai Creek, at a salary of £3 a week. The select committee appointed to deal with the question of fire apphauces at the Bene-olent Asylum recommended last even ing to the general committee that five hose drums, the invention of Mr W. Newsome, hose officer of the City Fire Brigade, should be erected at the Asylum. They also recom mended that two buckets should be got for each ward, and placed as might be directed by the president and v ice presidents The report was, on the motion of Mr \Y Scott, adopted, and it was decided to carry out the recommendations of the committee. The City Council yesterday granted the town clerk (Mr G Pcny) six months’ hoh day. It is Mr Perry’s intention to leave for England on a trip in March next. A young man named John James Kerr, a carpenter, yesterday proceeded, at the Bal larat County Court, before his Honor Judge Gaunt, against Mr Thomas Bromley, con- tractor, to recover £100, compensation for injuries sustained by the alleged negligence of the defendant. Mr Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Herald for the de- fendant. The action was brought under the Employers’ Liability Act. The plaintiff deposed that he was a carpenter, and had started work for Mr Bromley, contractor, on the 18th August last, at the additions to Mr White’s foundry in Dana street. The walls were ready to put the roof on. They were hollow walls 4½ brick each side, about 73 feet long and about 25 feet high. He was working with the other men putting the roof on Suddenly he saw the wall bulge out, and called out to the others. He him- self had no time to get out of the way, and fell down about 25 feet. When he came to his senses, he was in a cab, being taken to the Hospital. He was subsequently taken home, and remained in bed for a fort- night. He was able to get about a week after this, but felt giddy, and by the doctor’s advice he went away to Lorne for a change of air. He was all right now except the right hand, the knuckles of which were injured He was out of work six weeks through the accident. The accident could have been pre- veuted by ceiling joists being placed across the walls. Such a length of wall should have either ceiling joists or tie rods. It was dangerous to put up the roof without them. Mr Bromley, on calling after 1 o’clock, told them to put the collar ties on straight. Alfred ?owsing and James Thomas Booth, fellow workmen of the plaintiff, also gave evidence as to the circumstances of tne acci dent Hugh Rogers and Thomas Johnson, contractors, also stated that it w as a danger ous thing to attempt to erect the roof with oat ceiling joists or other ties. Dr Low gave evidence as to the plaintiffs injuries. The defence was that there was no negligence on the part of the defendant or any person under his superintendence, but the cause of the accident was outside the control of the defendant, and that there was contributory negligence. Thomas Bromley, the defendant, deposed that he was contractor of the car- penters and joiners’ work at Mr White's building. When he visited the place after dinner he told the men at work to put tem- porary ties on or they would push out the wall plates. He had earned out the work according to the plans Witness was not present when the accident occurred and could not say whether it was from the spreading of the roof or th° bulging of the wall In reply to Mr Barrett, witness sud he dad told the plaintiff he would put the matter in the hands of the insurance oompvnv, who would have to fight it out, Henry Edward Brabnzon, who was called by the defence as an expert, said the men should have placed temporary collar ties on the rafters one by one as they were put in position His honor summed up in favor of the plaintiff, and the jury, after a half hour’s retirement, found a verdict for the plaintiff for £5O damages His honor ordered costs to be taxed within fourteen days. The two young men, William Fry and William Lawson, charged with stealing auriferous earth from the Lord Harry mine, were again brought before the City magis trates yesterday morning and further re manded until the Isth lust. In a case heard at the County Court yes terday, in which an employer was sued for compensation for injuries sustained by a workman through the alleged negligence of the former, it transpired that the employer was insured against any loss by such actions, Mr Barrett, in addressing the jury, spoke very strongly on this question Itwis an iniquitous thing, he said, that a contractor should look after the lives and limbs of his workmen in this fashion It was a per nicious practice that should be done aw ay with, as it meant that an employer need take no care as to the lives of lus employs, the responsibility being shifted on to a wealthy compiny, whom the workman was after wards left to fight. The city bench was occupied yesterday morning by Messrs Acheson, Archer, and M’Naught. Six persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. Jessie Reid, who has been on remand for some time past on a charge of vagrancy, was further remanded until the 15th inst. Mary Chalmers, charged with indecent behavior in a public place, was sent to gaol for six months. The agent in advance of Harmston and Son’s Colossal Circus and Wild West Com pany had an interview yesterday with the directors of the tram service, at which he arranged to charter a special line of cars to run to and from the Saxon Paddock during the company’s season here Tickets for the return trip may be secured at the circus at the termination of the performance each evening. A street parade in costume will take place on Wednesday afternoon, em br icing the full strength of the company, Messrs George Frederick Pralle, insurance agent, and Mortimer Cremm, publican, were yesterday each fined 40s by lus Honor Judge Gaunt, for non attendance as jurors at the County Court, The Eureka street Primitive Methodist Church celebrated its first anniversary on Sunday, when Mr O. Sy mous, the Rev. E W. Nye, and the Rev. W. Hunt officiated. The services will be brought to a close this evening There will be a public tea, and addresses will be delivered afterwards by the Revs H. W. Westmorland, W. Hunt, D. Brown, and Mr Dunsey. Mr Dunn, tl LA, will preside. A large attendance is expected Both Houses of Parliament meet to day. In the Assembly the estimates of the Rail way Department will be taken. There are several matters of great importance to be discussed in connection with these estimvtes, hence the Treasurer does not anticipate they will he disposed of until to morrow. In that case he will bring down the additional esti mates on Thursday, and will take advantage of the opportunity to make a statement re garding the condition of the finances He will also make a statement with regird to the intention of the Government on the ouestion of paying the members of the Parliamentary committee on railways In the Council the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill will he proceeded with, and, if possible, passed anil returned to the other Chamber In that case the Council will take in hand the Contractors’ Lien Bill and the Council of Conciliation B 11, which was sent up from the other Chamber last week, Tbe anniversary services of the Bible Christian Church, Skipton street, passe-I off on Sunday last very successfully The Revs W. E Secomb, H Westmoreland, and A. Rogers preached morning, after noon, and evening respectively Evoh ser vice vv is much enj >yed. A treat is expected this evening from the pastor, who will recount incidents, experiences, and obser in connection with his recent trip. A coffee social will be held after. At the meeting of the Smytbesdale Bo rough Council on Friday evening (our cor respondent writes) the mayor drew the council’s attention to the circumstance that some IS months ago a petition numerously signed by the ratepayers was forwardi and to the Law Department, requesting that a ter ntonal magistrate be appointed for the Smytbesdale district, and that an nnfavor able reply had been received The want, he considered, still existed, and ought to be supplied, and moved—“ That the town clerk write to the Minister of Justice requesting that Mr Dean Hart, ex mayor, whose ex perience extending over a number of years speci allv fitted him for police court business, receive the appointment, and that the mem bers for the district be asked to support the application.” The motion was supported by a number of the councillors present, and carried unanimously. The Rvilvvay Commissioners are taking steps to have the 16 refrigerating cars for the carnage of perishable produce placed at the disposal of the public as soon as possible They have called upon the traffic officers to furnish them with a report stating the lines most in need of the cars now available, and the balance will be put into use use as soon as they leave tbe workshops The CamperdoiDn Chronicle, says ;—“With the exception of Chocolyn and one or two other stations, shearing baa been completed throughout the district The clip on the whole lias been a very avtisfactory one, and the general quality of the wool is above the average The crops arc somewhat late this season, but there are signs on every hand of a very abundant harvest The crops are, in most cases, unusually heavy. It is reported that the caterpillars have appeared among the English barley on some of the Lenra farms. This has surprised many farmers, who, from the almost entire absence of moths this year, were under the impression that this pest would not be as numerous ns in former years Potato dig gmg has commenced in the neighborhood among tbe early crops, and hay harvesting has already started in some parts of the district.” During the week ended 4th inst. the sum of £68,876 18s 8d was received from the Victorian railways, as against £67,211 19s lOd for the corresponding week in last year. The chairman of the Railway Commis sioners has informed the Minister of that department that he expects to be able during the enduing year to save a considerable pei ceutage on the working expenses of the rail ways after the contemplated reforms are carried into effect, but he relies upon the continuous support of the Minister to en able him to withstand the political pressure which must inevitably nault from the exercise of wholesale economies. This (says the Aqt) Mr Shiels has promised to give The Munster asserts, on the authority of a return presented to him by the Commis sioners, that tho train tunning on the Vic tonan railways during the year preceding the introduction of the strike time table was 11.000. miles The reduction in the services then effected have saved at least 1.000. miles, and there is a substantial reason why as few of the trains then abolished should be restored as possible The total loss on the railway working last year was £221,000. Up to the present 54 agricultural societies throughout the colony have notified the Secretary of Agriculture of their intention to send delegates to the conference to be held on Friday in the board room of the Lands Office The main object of the con ference is to consider aproposil to subdivide the colony into 12 districts, the societies in each of which will arrange where the district I show is to be held each year. Each of the , 12 shows will receive £5OO out of the annual endow ment of £24,000 now distributed, and as the former amount is equal to that granted by the Government to the National Show, it will result in 12 shows of equal importance to the latter befng herd each year instead ofr ne aa at present. The new scheme also contemplates a meeting of delegates from each district, to arrange the dates ot each district show in such a manner as to enable exhibitors to remove their displays fion. one place to another. The wife of a boundary rider at Gurley station, 50 miles from Narrabn, m South Wales, has poisoned her child and herself with strychnine Both died almost immediately It is believed the lonely h[ e she was leading affected the woman’s mind. A young man named Robert Peart, a resi dent of Latrobe street, Melbourne, w is out with a shooting paity at Wernbee on Satur day, when one of them, in lowenn / the hammei of his gun, accidentally di-cluiged the weipqn, and Peart, who was about 20 yards distant, received the full charge m his left shoulder and side He was t ikeu to the Melbourne Hospital Fortunately the inja nes are not regarded as dangerous, A lad named O Bnen, 10 years of age, has been drowned in the South German Com pany's dam at Maldon. Deceased, with two brothers named Duly, both his juniors, went to bathe in the dam.. O’Brien waded m and soon got out of his depth, and sank m about 7 feet of water The alarm w w guen by the Dalys, and an elder brother of the latter promptly ran to the dam aud dived several times foi the body without success An elderly man named Wilson has com mitted suicide on the Merne River, two miles from Warrnambool The police found his body in the river, in two feet of water Deceased was a small farmer, and leaves a widow and family of four children R o“ntly he was depressed m spirits, and frequ“ntly threatened to commit suicide if he could truster the necessary courage 