A Wonderful Exhibition. The American physicist, Mr. Keely, recently gave in New York (writes the Paris correspondent of the S.M. Herald), a wonderful exhibition, before Professor Leidy, president of the Philadelphia Academy of Natural Soienoes, and three or four others, of his " sympathetic transmitter," which is thus described by a witness of the experiments:—"There was a cupboard about 30in. high, on whioh stood a cylinder of what looked like bronze, fitted with a concentric series of upright tubes, _in. in diameter, also of fihe same metal, surrounded at its base with a series of graduated hori zontal rods, solid, and evidently of some resonant metal, and capped by a bell-shaped metal cup, in which appeared to be several tuning-forks, about 4in. long, set parallel to each other. The cup board-door wa3 open. Inside it appeared a curious-looking harp and a glass ball, to which Keely put his ear every now and then to see whether he had hit the proper 'sympathetic chord' on the re sonant rods and on the harplike instrument. In front of the cylinder above mentioned was a brass spindle, whioh was set in motion by a oord wound around it and suddenly pulled. The cylinder was connected by a silver and platinum wife to a copper weight, on which was placed a metal dish, and in the dish a magnetic needle. When the spindle had been set spinning Mr. Keely began striking the strings of the harp, and tentatively seeking with the othor hand a responsive ohord among the resonant rods on top of the oupboard. When what he called ' B flat' was touohed on both rod and harp-string, the magnetic needle gave a shiver distinctly visible to everybody, and began slowly to revolve from left to right. In a half-minute it was going so fast as to be almost invisible. Keely did not go near it, but sat by the cupboard with his hands in his pockets. The spindle revolved all the while, and the echoes of the note came from the cup board. Mr. Keely said that the force already generated was sufficient to keep the needle re volving at the rate of 120 revolutions per second for fourteen weeks. When the ob servers had done admiring this produc tion of motive force out of nothing, Mr. Keely took two glass jars filled with water. In one he put a hollow copper globe, loaded with nails, weighing altogether 51b. 60z., and in the other three brass balls of somewhat less weight. Wire connections were made from the brasß tops of these glass jars to the cylinder on his motive apparatus. The spindle was whirled again, and Koely again sounded the harp and the resonant bars. 'What are you doing now?' asked Dr. Leidy. 41 am trying,' said Keely, 'to get the mass chord of that oopper sphere full of nails.' The searqh for the mass-chord continued on the harp and the resonant rods. A deep, clear note resounded from both at the same time, and at the instant it broke on the ear the heavy oopper globe quivered as it lay at the bottom of the water, rolled over, and reluctantly, as it were, abandoning the ties by whioh gravity held it to the bottom of the jar, floated, at first slowly and then more swiftly and steadily, to the top of the jar, against which it impinged with an audible concussion. Dr. Leidy was asked this question:—'Doctor, is it true that this unknown force, or what is here maintained to bo such, has actually before our eyes overcome the force of gravity with which we are all familiar ?' And the answer, slowly, deliberately, was— ' I see no escape from that conclusion.' In a similar manner the three brass balls were made to rise to the surface, and then descend half way, and remain stationary at that point. There were more experiments of the samo sort, inoluding the transmission of the force by a silk thread from one room to another. When it was all over Dr. Leidy gave the alleged dis covery his endorsement in the following words: —• You may announce to the world on my authority that John E. W. Keely has dis covered a new and wonderful foroe.' The pub lication of Professor Leidy's verdict on the subject of Mr. Keely's discoveries has rendered him great service, for it has induoed a Mr. Ward to hand him the sum of 95000 where with to oonduct his experiments, and to secure to him by will a sufficient amount of money to render him independent of external assistance. It is claimed by tbe discoveror and his friends that after the first oost of the machine for generating this force, the production of the latter being inexhaustible and costing nothing, the discovery of ' sympathetic vibration' will enable the world to dispense with steam, elec tricity, and all other agencies for the produc tion of foroe." American society, according to Mis. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, is in a very bad way. She sends to the Forum a dreadful denunciation of " The Decollete in Modern Life;" whioh moans, it seems, not capital punishment by beheading, but the decay of modesty and the increase of drinking among women. " I have often danced wtth young ladies who wero intoxicated" was the testimony of the first young man to whom she went for information. "It is not," he added, " an uncommon thing to meet them ' too far gone' to converse." And when the American young lady is sober matters are not much better. Then she talks to young men upon subjects which, according to Mrs. Phelps, her mother would hardly have dis cussed with her husband. At one dinner-table the talk of a lady to her neighbour, a foreigner of distinction, was so hardy that ho proposed to leave the house. All this, says Mrs. Phelps, with fine consequence, is the result of dancing and low necks. Renter's agent at Berlin reports :—The ghost scare which lately arose in a number of schools in this city, and has since spread to the suburbs, has assumed the character of a ner vous disease. In one school a panic has been created by a young girl, who was frightened by a window curtain flapping in the wind, and there have been similar occurrences in several schools attended by children of the upper class. The educational authorities have taken ener getic measures to allay the RTcitement. 