NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH, ASCOT VALE. The new Anglican Church of St. Paul's in Bloomfield street, Ascot Vale, was consecrated by the Bishop of Melbourne, Dr Goo, the ceremony of dedication-in which the Bishop was assisted by Rev. U. M. Berry, Rev. W. McKle, (incumbent of the new church), Rev. W. 'oarkes and other clergymen-being witnessed by a large congregation. The service was of the usual impressive kind. The church choir rendered the hymns 'The Church's one Foundation ' and 'All People that on Earth do Dwell' very effectively. The Bishop took for his text Habakuk 111, 2-' OlI Lord, revive thy work.' The works of God sometimes languished, but when they revived it was a beautiful sight to witness. A few days ago the land everywhere was dry and barren, and there were great fissures in the earth gaping for rain, the beasts of the field and the plants drooped their heads, and all nature was depressed by the intense heat. God's work needed to be revived. Then the blessed rain came, and the wilderness rejoiced and blossomed like a rose. God's work was revived. It was a beautiful thing to witness the man who had been stricken down by sickness recovering his health and strength. But the work of God in Nature was not the work of God referred to in the teort-the passage occurred in one of the noblest poems in the whole range of the inspired book the Prophet rflerred to God's work in the revival of Israel after a period of perse cution and captivity. By the common consent of the church in all ages the text was recognised as embodying a prayer for the revival of the spiritual work of God. In times of the greatest depression, in the days oat persecution, schism and evil-as in the time of Noah and Elijah God always had his confessing, witnessing choich; and it would be well if we remembered this, and not take a pessi mistic or despondot view of the fortunes of Christ's Church. People told us that infidelity was spreading that superstition was gaining ground. Never believe it. It is not in accordance with the truth that we should be ever looking at the dark side of tile fortunes of the Church of Christ. The church, like the earth, had its season of languish. Otr Lord predicted such a state should precede the second advent. The Bishop then alluded to the terrible torpor, lethargy and indifference which prevailed in the church in Bishop Butler's time, which period of spiritual depression was followed by the work of Whitfield and the two Weeleys-when the church began to lift her head, and earnest Christian people began to multiply. The Lord's table began to be frequented -and there were other signs that God was reviving his work. . . Not long ago, they celebrated Christmas, they had their family gatherings and all the usual secular and social adjuncts of that season, but how was it with their souls ? In the case of some, he feared, the celebration did not awake any sentiment of gratitude at all. What multitudes of people there were who never went to church at Christmas, or cast one thought of regard upon the Blessed Saviour who died on that day. Some there were who regarded Christ asea celebrated philosopher, and his life a mere matter of history. buch persons had need to call upon God in the words of the text. When the Chuich of God revives it becomes evident in the increase of holiness and zeal on the part of the ministers and congregation-men asked what they must do to be saved, hearts and consciences could not rest until they had found peace in God. Like the 3000 on the day of Pentecost. Was it a very learned sermon that was preached on that occasion I It did not appear to have been-certainly it was not a long sermon-it was not one of those modern discourses, which people, (nfter referring to the wonderful eloquence of the preacher), forget by Monday morning. At St. Peter's words men were pricked to the heart, they could not rest until they got an answer to the great question, and there were added unto them -gathered into the church-3000 souls, who lived afterwards as God's adopted and faithful servants. The Bishop, in conclusion, referred to the tremendous difficulty of getting both ends to meet in thoirchurches, and this, too, in a nation so prosperous that there was scarcely a chapter In the world's history that chronicled similar prosperity. Nothing showed more forcibly than this the urgent need for the revival of the work of God. If the workof God revived there would be money enough and to spare for all the agencies of the Church of Christ in all the colonies. They thanked God for the great earnest ness and foresight of the promoters and founders of that little church erected to the glory of God. He was struck by the suitableness of the site-it was like a city set on a hill-and when they saw the piles of bricks and mortar creeping up to the very borders of the church they might hope that it would soon become necessary to erect a new one and to devote the present structure to the purposes of a Sunday School. It was quite clear the I church was needed, and that the site was f well chosen-but what was most needed was that the ministration of God's service therein should be clothed in power; and t that the pews might be filled Sunday after Sunday with men and women in earnest about salvation; that the house a of God be filled with devout worshippers, and that the prayers offered up were such Sas would be answered? They needed a juset hat thu text suggests a revival ref athe work of God. Let them pray for Ssuch revival. Could they do betteir than Sassemble together from time to time in order to aignalise the dedication of the church by their earnest prayers-prayers, like that of the text, that God may revive his work. They might fill Melbourne with churches and render them as attractive as was possible, and yet if the work of God was not revived each church would be like a vessel with its sails spread to catch the breeze which never comes. It was of no use spreading the sail if all was still and calm-the vessel could not progress. So it was with the church. But when the breath of God came, when the clergy and congregation were filled with the Holy Ghost then there was a revival of the work of God. May God grant such a revival in connexion with the new church for Christ's eake. Amen. 