That Unusual JVofso. A.: 'What ia tho mattor with you thla'^ *« morning 1' v '-' ' r : B. : 'I didn't sleep well last night','- ' Tbero was an unusual noiso in my room,' 'Did it wako you up 1' 'Yea; nny unusual noieo wakes ma up.' - 11 What was the unusual noieo?' ' Well, you boo my wifo never scolds dur ing tho day, but stores up all her resentment, like tbiB stored eleatrioitv.' 'But you wero spooking of an unue'nl noiso during tho night.' 'Just so. I'm ooming to that. You -fieo, I'm so uEed to hor Bcoldiug that it aots upon, me liko an opiate. As long as oho jaw a I ?- «? eloep like a top.' - *i 11 But what waa tho unusual noiso?' ' Well, Bho began jawing and I tell BBlcep as ububI, and I would have Blopt all right if it had not been for tho unusual noise.' 'What unusual noiso t' 11 Sho quit talking.' He : ' Nioa night, isn't it ?' Sho : ' YeBi good night.' Housemaid (now to the instrumont) i 11 Somebody ringin' at do bellophona, marm.'; 'Is Mr, Brown nt homo?' Sorvnnt: 'Yes, sir j you will find him at hit olub.' Retsniive Mesioiiv: 'I tanoy I'vo seen that face betoro.' ' Yes, that'B the wav I wear it.' A sMAni eohoolboy haa defined tha wotd 'Dormitory' as a place where you try to sleep, and oan't. Many a ooflln ia ooverod with roses by handB that never betoro gave its occupant anything but thorns. Yeast : ' Do you play chesa ?' OrimBon boak: '? Well, no ; 1 oan't aay that I play it. I work at it occasionally.' 'I HEAn your husband ib quito gallant Do you evor find any letters in bio pooket ?'' | II Only tho ones I give him to mail.' ' -* Sooir.iv is whoro people who wcro poor ' twenty-flva yeara ago tell ot tho pleboion , h origin of thoir neighbors ant! conceal th-ir «' own humble becinnincB. i i „„, . Now in tHo parlor meet tha pair, -- '??*'? ,' 'V.Wbon golden day ia done, .',] , ?-',v«*i Two forms with but one rq'oklria oboir, ' ^ Two hearts that beat aafonc. f Smithehb (roading sign) : ?' 'Hands off.' Tha poor idiots! Do thoy think'. anyone could look at that statuo aud not Lmnv tha ?handswero off 1 ' ' r j He oould box and run and kick the ball - I; With flno athletic airs' ; ] ^t u «-MJ . But he oouldnjt heed thd family call '* u S&- To oarry coal upBtaira. ' ' Who wan that ringing at tho front door last night?' 'Tho policeman.' 'What' did ho want?' 'He wanted tho baby to stop crying. It kopt him awake.' CoBtoMEii : '' I aay, undo, how long havo you had those new.laid eggs in stock?' IlnstuB : ' I dunno cKuotly, botc. You sec, i I'bo only been wu'kiu' henu a month.' Mil. Soker : ''Funny how ono forgets one's Latin aud Greek I I can't remember my ?hie, baeo, hoo,' oven.' Mrs. S. : 'I think you remember jour ' bio' protty woll.' ' On, would I wero a bird I' ubo cany. And - the young man leaned his head wearily upon his hand, and murmured : 'Would you wcro, and tho window woro open,' 11 Tiikiu: must ba a firo somewhoro,' said . . . Jinks. ' Why, I didn't hoar tbo bells,' said SuiokB. ' Nor I,' replied i Jinks, 'but I just saw a moBBOuger boy running,' ' I hear your ooaobman ran off with £100 of your money, Aro you goiug to try to re cover it ?' ' No, tha poor follow will need It j my daughter went with him.' Census Takeii (to middle-aged female) : 'How old uro you, madam?' Female: 'I have, ahem, seen nineteen summers.' i' Have you always lived in the tropioB?' Mihb Amy : ' Aud do you admire Miss TraforB, Mr, GoBlin?' 'Ycb — awf'lyl She's so unliko all othor girls, don'tohor know I' Iksousn (who has pulled a man out of the wator) : ' Graoiouo I Your head is blooding. How did you out it ?' Bosaued Man : 'Oil tho watcr'B edge, I guoBB.' 'Do great calamities move in oyolea?' asked Drown. ' They frequently do in bioyoloB,' said Smlthors, who had recently left three layers of his nasal outiole on a macadamised road, Foao: 'I wont to hoar Gueherloigh prenoh last .Sunday.' Brown : ' Why, I thought you bated to hear him?' 'So I do ; but it v&3 hia farewell sermon. I wont out of puro gratitude.' Yes, Augustus, wo believe il.is bettor to Z t' havo loved and lost than nevor to havo '' loved at all. It is bettor for the jeweller, and -'''..'' tho floriBt, and the messengor boy— and ' n BomotimealDifllnrlttwyefB.— — -: — — ' A i'bnnv tor you» vuoqguss,''1 exolaimed ' Mies Gertlu Itf young M'Gooaoly. ' Oh, aw ' —I don't want to wob ycu liko that, donohor know,' replied M'Goosoly, and then ho oouldn't bco why ovorybody laughed bo up. roariouBly. UK (at midnight): ' Funny ouBtom tha Ohineeo havo. The hostesa is expeoted to notify tho caller when it is timo to go.' Bho (with a oigh) : 'But wo are in Australia, you know.' Mibs Loveloiin : ' Isn't this a protty Valentino Mr. Do Garry eont mo?' Miss OauBtiquo : 'It's the very ono he Bont ma last year. I returned it with all his letters when our ongagoment was brokon \ off.' ' Teacuer : ' Willie, how would you feel iC you Bhould ask somebody for broad and bo h given a Btono?' Willio (a jawollor's son): ' It it was no bettor than the ono on your shirt front I'd feel awful.' ' I 0ave tbis ovening been preaohing to a congregation of idiots,' said a conceited young parson. ' Then that was Iho reason you always call tbom 'belovod brethren?'' said a strong- minded young woman. Ghost (at a Boance) : '? Do you recognise me ?' Mrs, Topper (confidentially) : 'Yen, you aro my late husband, John Topper.' Ghost (surprised) : 'How did you 1'now , ma?' MrB, Topper (firmly): 'I enielt ' your breath, John.' TnAiip : ' It is needleas to aBk the quco. tio:-, madam. You know what I want.' ' Laj/ : 'Yos, I know what you want, badly, but I'vo only ono bar of soap in the houfio, nnd tho servant la using it. Como again eomo othor time.' ' No,' remarked Jonesby enthusiastically, \ 'thoro'a nothing liko tho hot water ouro. v' ' It will braoo a man up whon all other re- .' ,. x- modies fail— or— MrB. Sllmdiet, just lot tno ?',: ) vf have a oup ot toa, it yon pleato ?' 093 i *;?' ? -..? ^.:-:.--:-Uvvj-;;^ ^^ ?????-???? ? : .'????? ?-.?.????M:^^p'^4t^ ConBlablo Murray to TafTs hut, about t 3J milos from deceased's cnmp j found :' W TftfPs hut John M'Doimltl, Clinrlcs i. Wilson, a boy .named Thompson, nnd I ?' think. Tom Jones ; deceased churgod ? John M'Donnld with stealing a bimt from tho Spiownh ; he said that ho jumped into the hont (o nnve liitnsclf as dnei'itsed chased him with nn nxo, ' nnd that tho boat could Ira found whero : lie hud left it on tho Spiowuh ; I did i not think it necessary to interfere ; ' .Murray und I were the first consinhl--s to visit tho hut of decoased nftor the '?: , discovery of his death ; I found a pioco of twend (|H'oducod) in decoiis'id-8 right ? hand, which whs furthest from tho gun; ' tlinro was u bag of clmfl' recently openo-l : in tho tout. Tlmmns Slanyor (re-called) deposed ?—On tho l'tth July I saw deceasfid's horso in tho station lioino paddock, ' about a milo and a half from his camp. ';?'..' On, the 25lh I saw it nj;nin outnido the :'' ?''; paddock. The. polico now hnvo posses . :;Bion. '''' Sonior-Constablo Eagloatono* (re .?;, called) deposed — I received instructions ? to follow, with Serjeant Mahonuy, tho r,' prisoner Kowo's truck from deceased's ' ''] camp to Turwong us stated in his ovi i ' dence. Wo loft Swan Hill on AuguBt ';'?.??. 22nd, went to Howe's first camp from deceased's hut, 1J miles this Ride of ? '? : Wood Wood. I found tho camp us de /': Boribnd by Rowe. Wo next wen(j to ,'. . Tobleybuc, crossed the punt, arriving * ?'? on the 23rd August at a luko about 2 miles from Tooloybno Hotel. Mr. ?'' Fraser accompanied us ; on searching ? wo found tho sito of a camp resembling ?that wo saw at Wood Wood. There ' were tho roruains of two fires close to tho cnmp, in ono fire wo found some '?: shot (produced), in tho other firo we i ?.,. found tho remains of a box of caps and cartridges (produced). Tho latter show ? ',' ehow signs of being tirod once, und only :? once,' Tho impression of the ncodlo .„ .. being a doop ono shows that the spring of the hammer must have heen a strong '? ?' one. About 100 yards from this firo ' v on. the. edge of the lake Mr. Fivisor in our presence picked up thu barrel of n ' giin (produced). Wo mudu a diligent seurch in tho water for about 2 hours (). for the other portion of tho gun, but. were unsuccessful. Thn l-airel uppears ?)?? to he that of un apparently now gun ,,;' and not much used. Wo thon pro ??'. , C8eded to SpiukB' punt ; wo searched J.' :?'.?? for- prisoner's camp, but failed to ??V identify it, as there wore sevonil nenr. . !V Wo went thence to Yiinc(a Luke about ).'''. rB., miles from B:ilranald. We inter s.v ?. viewfd Joseph Wolls, thence to Rowo's '. '' ouiiip near Bulrnnnld, but the silo wua ? totally submerged. On tho 24-th wo ..'. .' eriivod tit Fuilca Luke, about 12 miles from Balnmald on tho other side. Wo .... ?Vfnrn th- n shown a camp by a blnok* M\, .fellow:, Bitiiatod in accordance- wnn Rowo'h stntmnunt und roKPinbling his .Other ciunps, On the 25th wo pro oeiided to Junnhung stution via Cam ? ~ eron'o j we failed to find tho sito of a '???-'? camp at Gammon's, nor that at Juun liii ng. We then went to Oxley, whoro ?(.; the site of Rowe's camp wuh also sub merged. Thnnco wo proceoiled to Tar. .;,'; . wong via Box Oreok. Tim ciimp nito .',' . at. Box Creole watt also submerged. I ,i- .. ? .'. Iwd boon at Tnrwong on- the 4th of ?';?'. v AugUBt and saw prisoner thoro. At ??- ? -that time the murder was generally . . known, and that I was looking for iv ? :,'-.' j.muin with red whiskers j it, was lifter -? that prisoner doubled buck to OxlHy ; Rpwo's name was not down on tlio aheitrorn' roll. . ; ; Sorgonnt Mtihoney doposed — Have ,,., ..','liciird Oonstablo Egijlostone's evidence «b to tho route wo took to Tai-wong, ?which ib true in every particular ; hnve renRoh to boliovo that good information' will in courso of timo bo obtained in. 3ST.S.W. 5 first visited deceased's lint on July 27th ; next day Constable! ' ,' M'Kenna and myself nmde a thorough: -'??'? BPnrch of tho hut and its mirroundingH; but found nothing likely to assist us in tho inquiry ; wo found on envelope; addressed to Mr, J. Ohnmley, Tardy's. !?? ????dining rooms, Little Collins Street,' Melbourne; wo have failed to trace , itho origin of tho cnvelopo j the gun .. . was 2ft llin from tho hod; Rowo's ;?'. ;: nearest camp was about 13 pneos from deceased's hut ; we found a net spread .on the bank ovidontly to dry, a quan tity of tackle und nine empty fish baskets; I product) two accounts, ono from Hill and Son and ono from Lang-f -ford nnd Co., fish salesmen, MolbourneJ ' Bhowing cash payments to deceased since Fobi unry 28th IubS. ! Thomas Smith deponed — Am a wood cutter at Wood Wood; romembor ',' Monday July 14th ; was ongaged in ? breaking in a horse on that day; saw u a man pnss with red whiskers, a swag, and a gun, within a day or two; ho was going towards Tooleybuo ; was on the: road driving my horso towards Wood. Wood; I met him; it was 11 a.m. ; when I saw him he was on the \- road, about ' CO yards from mo ; lie ' ' turned off to the loft into the malleo, when . about 30 yards from mo ; ho ' went about 60 yardB into the mulle.y. '' before I lost sight of him; had he wished ho could have passed me on tho off side Rtid got on to tho rond again; prisoner is the man; tho gun was a new breech-lpudor, singlo-barrollod. To the prisoner — I wns loaded with Sft wood ; you would havo to turn off to tho left to got on to tho main road ; ? ' there was a tnan (Morris) with mo at tho time; thought it was queor that you Bhould pass so clodo without speuk ?|i ing; cannot swear that you looked ' ' ' friglitoned ; you took the right direc tion for the main road when you turned1 ? 'off; 'you' wore carrying tho gun in your ?,\ left hand openly. ' '? ' Re-examined— Thor© was no traok it the nlitco prisoner Inmcd off. To tho Jury — Prisoner could not lavo seen tho main road from tho placo vhoro ho turned ofl'. Joseph Wolls deposed — Am a fisher nan at Yanga Lnko, four miles fioni EJrtli'iinnld ; I know the pri.ionpr ; hn iiimo to my tent on tho lOih July ; bund him at my camp in tho evening, 10 whs hitting ut tho firo talking to n nan who whs ut the camp ; tho man'H mmo was Bill ; he came from Cnnnlly .vitli Tinlph Mills, at least, so ho told no; Ro\vi- pitched his tent abuut five i'nuls from uiino; next day he stopped at ho camp, and wont up to the stiiion :or rntioii8 ; enmped in. tho sumo plaeo .hatuiglit; he went awny on the next, iftninoon with Bill ; we talked princi tally alinnt hlirnring ; hu told mo ho lame from Corowa down (I'm Murmy n u bout; ho f-nid he stoppod at a isherraau'H hut near Swim Hill. HB :alked a lot abou; a' larrikin' fishor nan; ho taid ho (thn lnrrikin) had itolon a boat from Murray Downs, Ihnt lio bout wns planted, that tho station leoplo know whoro it wns, and they vote only watching to sefl if the thief vould rouirn for it, nnd that he used 0 take nets away and cut linns; ho tho prisoner) told mo almui the larri cin having u row with another fishor nnn ; ho said ho expected to hear of 1 fisherman being shot ; Iio said ho had eft his boat and other things with the ishennau at Swan Hill ; am sine ho lid not say ho had sold the bout ; he laid he was going shearing out back, ind this would bo his last shearing ; 10 said ho intended to go back fishing ifter shearing, for there were two mon iarting IihIi to Rome diggings near AJIiury, mid we:» doing woll ; Im unid t watt thn fisliRiman with whom ho had itopped who i old him about the larrikin; [ thought ho was hard up ; he did not. 011 me ha had received tlnco sovereigns 'or his boat ; ho told me nothing about i gun. Luko Quoonon deposed — Am a. firsl '1i\8h coiiBtnblo and lining gublei-' nt IJalranald ; remember Hualesfc ne brim ng the piiKoner Rowc to ihe Labanald ;aol on August 12th, en routo fn.ui Jxloy to Swan Hi I ; hn (prisoner) whh li'toinod l hero fmni 1 a.m to 5 p.m. ; i ad ii conviMSiition with htm iilmiit- tlics iiunlnr; said to Howe '? When did you see M 'Donald last.' He sijid 'M'Dini- ild was in Swan Hill mid camo homo ibout 8 or fl o'clock.' I said 'M'Don- ild was alright when you left him 1' He said ' Yes.' This completed tho ovidenco which tho polico were prepared to bring for ivanl, timl tho inquiry wns adjourned to Saturday, October ith nnd Monday, Bth October. 