THE Behing Sea fisheries dispute is apparently far from being settled. It was hoped that the late conference would have led to an au[?]cable arrange- ment, and it is by no means reassuring to find that certain American states men, politicians, and wire pullers are bent on keeping the wiangle alive It is now said that the president will ask Congress to vote funds for an armed squadron to capture “ mauraders,” which really means British fishing craft, in the Behring Sea, and that Mi Blaine, the Secretary of State, and a number of his followers, will strongly support the request If such a vote were agreed to it would mean something very like a declara tion of war, or, at least, a dial lenge to fight 'lt is not to be supposed foi a moment that the most violent ultra-Republican could seriously ptopose or leilly wish to see a rupture of friendly relations between Btitam and America, and indeed it would be altogether too absurd to assume a breach of international peace possible on any such gtound The in genious wire pullers who delight in what they call “ twisting the tail of the British lion ’ are well known to be only playing up to a local party of con siderable electoral power, but the sym pathies of which are antißiitish Meanwhile the irritating piocess goes on, and is never more assiduously pei sisted in thin when there are particu lar reasons for diverting popular attention from internal administration It is assumed that the diversion is perfect, and at the same time quite free fiom danger. The piospect of seeing the British lion wince i=, to a certain section of American citizens, nresistibly attractive, while to piovoke him to a roar would be a supieme de light, it being all the time. cleaily understood that the provocation should cease before the lion became really angiy. Unfoiinnately there are, just now, many serious reasons for diverting popular feeling fiom some inconvenient questions of internal policy, and now, as heretofore, no means are so attractive or so easy to adopt as those which raise the spectre of a quinel between Britain and America. The M'Kinlgy tariff is raising a luxuriant ciop of commercial and political discontent, more par ticularly since the congress elections, which have ranged the Senate and the President on one side, and the House of Representatives on the othei. It is commonly understood that the next presidential election will throw the balance of power into the hands of the Democrats, but the penod of waiting is inconveniently long, and popular disgust and disapptoval of the notorious prohibitive tariff may in the meanwhile become dangerous. In such a position the average American party politician naturally resoi ts to the old game of pretending to pick a quarrel with Gieat Britain. And this appears to be the real inter pretation of the irritating attitude so long and so peisistently maintained towards Canada. At first Ameiican popular feeling was deftly tickled by mendacious announcements that Canada was pining for annexation to America, and that the necessary foi mal steps to that end would be soon taken. As time passed on and found Canada manifestly unwilling and Britain as manifestly indiffeient, these stories about annexation weie discaidod, and a dispute about the Behring’s sea fisheries was brought upon the board, the evident intention being to induce people to stop wonying ovei the gross unfairness of the tariff, and indulge rather in diearns of profitable enter piise in Canada, so soon as there should be federation and peifect freedom of interchange between them. Still latei theTJ. S Government has restricted, if not wholly withdrawn, the privi lege heretofore enjoyed by the Canadian Trunk Line Company of conveying grain into the States in bond, as has been the practice for a quarter of a centuiy past, the obvious put pose being to induce Canada to enter the Union, for fear of worse things to follow It is not a pleasant thing to learn that the earnest desire of the population of the Noithein States for union with Cmada is based on a fur thei vvi =l l to countei balance negro in fluence in the South by acquisition of temtoiy and population to the North. The indication is evil because it is likely to mean strong and energetic effort to cany the United States frontier into Canadian territory. In the meantime the meie talk of aggies sion series its purpose in another way No doubt the party of which Mi Blaine is the representative is safe enough in using unfriendly talk and resorting to unfriendly action against Britain, up to a certain limit The danger lies in the fact that this limit cannot be defined befoieliaud, and might be overpassed. What the consequences would be none of us care to anticipate, but none the less it is true that the un scrupulous politicians of Mi Blaine’s stamp ate playing with fire. No one can say that the embers of the bitter ness against Britiin, which burned throughout the great American war, are extinguished. Possibly they are only covered up The Northern States, whethei rightly or wrongly, cherished the belief that British sympathy was always against them, and out of that belief there grew an animosity which it weie to the last degiee dangerous to revive Dangerous, that is to say, to international peace, and peihaps to the integnty of the Great Republic. It would be to the last degree deplorable if unscrupulous and time serving political wire pullers fanned the em beis of that dying animosity into a blaze One of the immediate effects of the iccent fiscal legislation in the States, is to establish new and stiengthen old bonds of commercial and political sympathy between Aus tralia, Canada and Great Britain. In any further developments this fusion of interests will assuredly tell its tale. The re appointment of Messrs Speight and Ford as Railway Commissioners for anothei term of seven years is naturally exciting a considerable amount of public interest The remarks made by Mi Monro, at Geelong, and, by Mr Shills, at Colei aine, are by no means forgotten, more particularly where these alleged the urgent need of prompt and radical reform in our i ail way administiation. It was broadly stated that the system of so called non pohtical management had proved a failure, and clearly in ferted th.it the R nlway Commissioners were greatly to blame for th it failure. Mr Shiels declared his intention of dealing sharply with the Commis sioners, and spoke of the probable appointment of expei ts from the more advanced railway systems of the United States to help in setting our railway house in order Something was also said of making a general clearance of the useless drones in the railway hive Several weeks have passed since these notable utterances were made, and the interval, although in itself short, may possibly have con v inced both the Premier and Treasurer that it is one thing to see abuses and pi opose reforms, and quite anothei thing to correct the one and carry out the other The talk about reconstruc turn of the Railway Department has grown fainter and funter, md theie appears some reason to fear that things will be allowed to rem un pietty much as they weie It is ceitainly remark able that the Chairman, who is supposed to have turned a deaf ear to moie brilliant offers in England, should con sent to re engage on the original terms, and forego the inciement which he was led to expect, and stranger still that he should agree to abide by the provisions of an amending Act, which is to be fiamed with the ex press purpose of limiting his authority and insisting on the full performance of his duties Possibly the explanation lies in the saving clause that, should the amending Act be passed, and its piovisions prove obnoxious to the present chan man, he will be at liberty to ictiie and claim compensation How ever this may be, punlic interest will hngei on the fact that the Commis sioners, after being denounced as in competent by responsible Ministers of the Crown, aie to be ic appointed, and public cunosity will seek to be satisfied as to the teasons for that reappointment. They may have been, in the meantime, persuaded tii it the singular inegulanties and failures of our railway administration are due to the memorable *• boom,” that the Commissioners did in their line what the directors of the Premier Permanent did in theirs, namely, surrender their discretion to the pi evading excitement, and let their obligations and duties discharge themselves It is better to believe even this than to accept the alternative of incapacity, and yet the merest outsider knows that the administration of the railways during the fiist two or tlnee yeais of the Commissioners’ engagement was incomparably bettei than it has been since We must suppose that the Government have been persuaded that the extraoidmary and aggravating railway laches of the past few years are due to a pecuhai aberration which more or less affected us all, and are further assured that bettei things may be looked foi in futuie. We hope so. The country cares but little as to the personalty of the chief Commissioner, but cares much for leasonably good business sagacity in the management of the lines If Mr Speight gives pi oof that he is ready to eschew improper political interference, and really devote himself to the task of making out lail vv.iys pay and ensuring proper accom modation to the public, he will be accepted with all faults and supported in Ins position by popular appioval. If not the country would have a sharp reckoning with both him and the Government which re appointed him to his very important and responsible position. TlieN due ceremony to night Kinging will com mence in the tower of the City Hall shortly after 11 o’clvck, and will be continued until 1 o’clock to morrow morning The various business establishments in the City and Tow n will be kept open for business until 11 o'clock tonight. Watch-night set vices vnU hi h< Id at several of the chin dies, and ap propnate discourses will be delivered by the clergymen conducting the meetings Lirge numb rs of New Year visitors arrived in Ballarat last night from Melbourne, Geelong, M vryborough, Stawell, Horsham, and other distiicts, as well as from inter mediate localities The police arrange ments for New Year’s Eve were completed last night Detachments of mounted and foot constabulary will be drafted into Bal larat this afternoon to assist the local force in maintaining order to night. The police will be under the command of Superin tendent Palmer, who will be assisted by Sergeants Murphy, Leverton, Moran, FI in nagan, and other sub officer-. There was anothei good attendance at the Exhibition yesterday md last night, and the pluee has now become quite afishmnab'e and favorite promenade. New exhibits are being set up dully, so that the interest of the show is being well maintained even for residents The latest novelty is an electric tramway, a model of which (on the overhead system) is on wen in that section of the machinery conrt set apart for the Victorian Railway Electrical Department It works splendidly, and, with other displays in the same part of the bidding, is well worth inspecting Another exhibit received yesterday was a capital model of a reaper and binder machine from Ballan It IS made to scale, and is in perfect working order. A fine collection of rustic fl wer stands from Melbourne has also been added Last night Mr J Bailey, «en , gave several selections on the organ, and Miss J Pi ifohard several piano solos. Both perf inners were deservedly appl mded. Ihere will be the usual masieal programme to night. James Johnston the survivor of the r cent tragedy had a very unfavorable turn at about half past four o'clock yesterday afternoon. Re appevred to be suffering great internal pain, and his condition was 00 isidered so serious flint Or. Jordan was sent for. Shortly after the remedies were applied lie got considi i able relief For some time in the afternoon he continued mutter ing something which could not be understood although every attempt was made to catch a single word. He has also b’en unable to take any food for the last 18 hours. When ever it Was offered him be appeared to ex penence great pain when atte opting to swallow anything The extent of the benefits conferred by the School of Minea, in so tar vs teaching is concerned may be judged by the following figures-—The total number of enrolments m the various clashes held by the school during the past y< nr was 824, and of individual pupils who attended the elementary science lectures delivered in the State schools, SOS The number of classes for the whole y ear vv as 465, and at 264 lectures giv eo in the State schools there was an average attendance of 55 pupils The total number of pupils re ceiving instruction in the school for the year w vs 1627. The railway traffic inwards during the Cliristmasholidnyshns been unusually heavy, and it is expected that New Year’s Dvy re turns will still further swell the total. No dopbt this is mainly due to the exhibition, and the tradesmen are doing much better business than usual Aaevidencng the value of the School of Mines, and the increase in Its worth in con sequence of recent improvements, it may he mentioned that the fire policies have been raised from £10,350 to £14,550. tshortly after half past 9 o’clock last even big a fire broke out in a wooden building consisting of a shop and three rooms, situate in the Creswick road, near the lam o’ Shanter hotel The alarm vv as given by a hoy to the Soldiers Hill brigade, who were quickly on the scene, and were fol lowed shortly afterwards hy the City and Ball irat brigades. The brigadiers succeeded in saving a portion of the building, although two of the rooms were gutted The pre mises were the property of Mrs Thomson, of H lines street, and were insured, though for what amount wo were unable to n»C“rtaio, It is stated that there was a strong smell of kerosene about the place, and it is suspected that it is a ovse of mceiidi vrisni Hie build mg has been unoccupied for some lime, and it is thought the fire mvy have been caused by a tramp who had taken up temporary lodgings therein The total working expenses of the Juvenile Exhibition are estimated at £9O per nick, towards which stall holdtrs pay £4O a week The receipts from admissions are expected to more than cover the initial expenses and the other £5O weekly. A meeting of the Foundation Dvy demon stration joint committee took place at the Mining Exchange on Monday night There was a fair attendance notwithstanding the holiday tune, and a considerable amount of business was disposed of. The resignation of the lion seoietnry, Mr I Bernstein, was received and Mr D Walker, 46 Lydiard street, secretary of the City branch, was np pointed in his stead. A list of judges for the competitions was submitted, an 1 a mini hei of giutlemeii are to be requested to act. A programme for the concert at night was approve I subject to revision, and it promises to be of a most attiactive character. It was decided to limit the ess vy s for com petition to 2000 word*, and to leave the poem to the discretion of the writers. The speakers in the prepared speeches, mi promptus, ind debates will be limited as fur as passible to 20 minutes. A member of the committee kindly offered a prize of a guinea to the person who dispos and of most tickets for the demonstration at night The repnits of the sub committees showed that things are progressing well, and that a great deal of inteiest is likely to be taken in the ci lebration The many friends of Mr Joseph Roff, the well known draper, of Bvlhvrat East, will be pleased to hoar that ho lias arrived at Sydney, on his return from England He is 1 xpeoted to reach Ballarat in a few days The Lvl Lai Falls annual meeting to in trow promises to be a most successful one The programme is an attractive one, uid the course is in cvpital order. As s viral additional conveniences for the public have been provided, there should be a much larger gathering than usual, Bulch’s Model Band will play selections of music in Sturt street to night commencing vt 11 o'clock A young man named Albirt Elward Alfred was arrested yesterday by Plain clothes Constable R'gerson, on a warrvnt charging film with having on the 29th inst. tincatencd the life of his wife, M vry Jane Alfred. He was lodged in the City lockup, and will he hi ought befoie the City m«gis trates this morning. A list of oan.es of the Ballarat candidates who passed the recent matriculation eiunii nation is published in The Sta> to day. Theatre goers will be pleased to learn that after tne pn sent holiday season it is intended to make alterations in the Academy of Music. It is not likely that anything will be done to the dress circle, but folding seats of the fuuteuil style will be substituted for the forms now used in the stalls This should m ike this now most popular part of the thevtre still more attractive and comfort ible for patrons The seats will be similar in design to those in the stalls at the Bijou Theatre, Melbourne Messrs Tnrpie and Lord, J’s P , attended at the Town Police C mrt yesterday, and dealt with several inebriates. A child named John Cvrvill died at the the Hospital somewhat suddenly on Monday night. The parents of the boy, who is only two years of age, are living at Smdhurst. and the lid has been living with his uncle, Mr Cirolin, of Bungaroe The deceased died about half an hour after Ins admission to the Hospital. A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday afternoon The medical cvi deuce showed that death resulted from serous apoplexy, and a verdict was returned accordingly The Biininyong Turf Club yesterday held their annual race meeting, winch proved very successful. A report appears in another and luinn. The annual meeting of ministers and circuit officials of the Bible Christian Churches within the city was held last night in the Hurnffray street church There was a large and representative attendance The statement of accounts showed the finances to he in a healthy condition, and much higher than on any previous occasion The mem bership after providing for several removals, deaths, &c.;, is much above that of hist year. Messrs J. Whikes and R. Berryman were appointed to attend the ensuing district meeting The present ministers, Revs W. E, Second) and A Rogers, consented to re main am ther year. The outlook of the circuit in all departments is very encourag mg Lieutenant Colonel Sleep, and Messrs Gihbmgs, Haver' ft, and M‘Donald, J’s.P , dealt with five drunkards at the City Police Court yesterday They also fined a man named Clement Dow £2 for insulting be | hiwiour. An alarm of fire was given yesterday to the City Fire Brigade station, presumably from the Bright’s alarm at Bade’e. On the brake proceeding there it was found that the glass was nnbioken, and it is thought electric communication must have been established by the line repauers. Wirth Bros ’ three ru g circus—Roman Hippodrome, circus museum, and Wild West shows—will arrive by special train from Adelaide to morrow morning, and will subsequently pnoeed to the Saxon Pa block, where the performances will be conducted dining the sea‘on, commencing to monow afternoon. In the combination 148 poisons are engaged, prominent am mg whom arc a troupe of cowboys (under tin command ot the famous Ciptnin lick Sntrin), In bans, Roman mb is, clowns, = y musts, horse tarn rs, and general performers. Cue of the numerous specml features in the entertain moot will be a Mexican fight with lassos, which will be followed by a representation of an attack on on emigrant tram, and other startling exhibitions. The first perf >r mance will commence to morrow afternoon, at 2 o’clock, when a number of wild horses and cattle from stations in this district will be lassoed and subdued in the > p°n air In" the evening at 8 o’clock the circus and hippodrome exhibitions will open. A long programme has b»en arranged Special arrangements have been made for the com fi rt of visitors The tent, which is one of the largest ever pitched in Billarat, will afford accommodation to 4500 persons It will be roofed in, and will be weather proof in every respect The prices rf admission will be moderate, and children will be ad nutted at reduced rates Fuller particulars are advertised in The Stay Mr Alexander, a gentleman well known m Ballarat, is the general business manager for the Messrs Wirth Bros For the convenience of excuisionists to Ballarat the railway authorities announce the running of a special tram to Ballarat on New Year’s eve. It will leave Spencer street at 4.14, and run express the whole distance, reaching Billarat at 7 5 p m. To- morrow new regulations affecting tech nic vl and art schools will come into fnree. Ihe secretary of the Gordon Technical Col lege has written to the registrar of the School of Mines, suggesting a conference of representatives of the schools interested to di-cuss the new provisions with a view to suggesting amendments lie points out that they were adopted without consult mg the bodies interested, and that ns they press heavily on some of the schools, prob ably improvements might be made in them. Mr Tin mas Griy, lion secretary of the Ballarat Electrical Association, iu which Mr James Oddie has taken such an active interest, has written to the School of Mines, n questing to be affiliated with that institu tion. In Ins letter Mr Gray mentioned th it the association now numbers 40 mem bers, and of these at least 20 would avail themselves of instruction were the school to establish ic class. A reply has been sent, assuring Mr Gray that the school is most anxious to promote the views of the assi ela tion, and desiring information as to what particular departments of applnd electiicity instruction was required. A number of visitors yesterday inspected the model of the Strasburg clock, and listened to the interestn g description given of it by the proprietor. Each visitor, it may be mentioned, receives a present The model is unique and well worth} of mspec tion A watch night service will be held in the Lydiard street Uesleyan Church this even ing, at 11 o’clock The serv c will be con ducted by the Rev. E \V. Nye, and the Hon. Jas Campbell will also deliver an address Prior to the w itch night service thejoung ladies’ band will meet .it 10pm, and MrF H Ware’s society class will also hoi 1 a meeting, at which the Hon Jas Campbell will be present. A beautifully finished model of a reaper and binder for the Billarat Juvenile Exln bition (writes our correspondent) has just been completed by Mr "s. Fnser, second son of the well known Ballan blacksmith and implement maker, Mr D. K Fraser. 'I he model is a marvel of accnr icy, every bolt, cogwheel, screw, and spindle having been faithfully leproduced on a miniature scale, even to the reel of binding twine, which is represented by a reel of ordmiry sewing cotton, in exact proportion as to size as c mi pired with a working machine, as indeed are all the other niiinberh s- parts of the model The whole model bears striking testimony, not only to the ingenuity and skill of its maker, but to Ills wonderful patience and assiduity also, for it must have taken many a weekly half holiday, besides the time ex pended on it after working hours, tv turn out so complete and complicated a piece of work It goes today (Tuesdav) to the Juvenile Exhibition, and everyone who sees it there will certainly admit tbit it reflects the highest credit on the maker, Mr S Fraser, and no the Billan district ilso It is enclosed in a polished mahogany case with plate glass aides am! top, A number of defmlting ratepayers were summoned to the L“arnionth Police Court on Monday last, hut prior to the sitting of the court the respective amounts vve r e pud, except in one case, and in that instance an order was made for the aim unt clumed Thomas Murphy was proceeded ig mist by Constable Arnold for being drunk and dis orderly in a public place at CoglnU’a Cru k on the 22nd inst , also for using threaten ing words vvitb intent to provoke a breach of the peace The defend mt, who did not ippear, was hoed 10->, with 2s 6d costs in each cise, or the alternative of three dvys’ imprisonment. Ihe pre-id mg justices were Messrs G G Mortm, G Runic, Thos. Bvth, mid J Dalgleish., Ihe Deputy fostm ister general has made new mid more stringent regulations vv ith reference to the examin vtions foi telegnph opeintors It is now m cessary for candid ites for employment in tl is branch of the public service shuul I he abh to receive (by'sound) and transmit messiges at the rate of 20 words per minute Tins is just doubling the previous qualificitmn A man named Joseph Johnson was, in company with others, vv liking home from a bine ribbon meeting on Christmas night, and a man naimd William Koch came iidingup behind them flu h rse knocked J dinsnn down, causing n fracture of Che skull and other injuries, from which he died in the Heathcote Hospitvl tight hours ifter admis Sion At an inquest held on Monday re garding the eise, tne jury -eturued a verdict of mansl inghter igamst K ch Several presentations were made on Mon day to Mr W T. Reay, mi the occasion of that gentlem in severing his connection with the Hamilton Spectator . of wh ch (says the SpectatO) ) he has been editor and general mmager for four or five years, he being about to proceed to Melbourne to fill an im portant p sition on the literary staff of the Daily Teleyi aph During the holidays a man named H irt, a bank clerk at Wagga, impersonated a ghost Another hank clerk, understanding the joke, fired a blank charge at Che would be ghost, and the vvad, striking him in the chest, inflicted a serious injury. A Sydney telegram published in the Age says —“ At Wardel, near Lismore, a man named Gaskin has kicked his wife to death. The two were drinking together, ami the husband ordered wife home to g“t dinner ready She refused to do ns requested, ami G iskin thereupon knocked her down and kicked her just below the neart, death en suing shortly after. Gaskin then went and mfoi med the police vvhnt he had done. He was afterwards arrested on a charge of murder,” A meeting of the committee of”the Mill Employes’ Union (s>ys the Aryu-i] was held last evening at the Trades’ Hall, to c insider the preliminaries of the strike which is contemplated in the event of the master millers enforcing the new system of working the mills, which includes the principle of freidmn of contiact The date which has been fixed for the coming into f roe of the new system is sth Januiry. It was decided to invoke the assistance of the engined river*, who are said to be willing to unite with tbe mill employ4s in resisting the introduction of the new system, and the secretary, Mr Hnrrell, was aUo mstincted to write to Mr F Humphries, secretaiy of the Employers’ Union informing him that the men will strike in every null in which the new system is sought to be introduced. A Brisbane telegram says:—“ Two boys, Genlla and Biker, vvere drowned on S itnr day, bathing at Kelvin grove. Biker sank, and Genlla, who was a good swimmer, went to Ins assistmce, but Biker pulled bun underneath and he never rose again. A terrific storm passed over Brnthen it about 2 o’clock on Mondiy ifternoon. Ram fell m sheets, penetrating roofs and deluging most of the houses in the township The Snowy River mailman reports that the storm between Brnthen and Now a Now a was exceptionally severe Trees have been uprooted in all directions, m many places the track is blocked, mil the telegripn wins wrecked for hundreds of y irds It is surmised that the fruit vnd m i z- crops have been considerably damiged One inch and 80 points of ram tell ml 5 minutes. Ad the mads got in safely The Government (n cording to the Aye), will not, it is understood, agree to the Crown Law officers ina'itiltmg anew trial against Mi =srs Gourlay and Doherty, ibout whon the jmy in the I’lemn r Pc rmanent ci-es was mi ible tn arrive at a veidict on the charge of conspiracy. The gem ral charge vv Inch has been made liga nst the Pinph) Cl of the Uatho hi inch of the Rulw ly D p rtmeut of w ant of civility | "vnd reo’in , Uieb'ig. tr web nh uno and th Ri 1i ly C mieissif in rs to i-sue a placard, uli.ch is now oeing pasted ut all stations The text of the poster is as fol- j lows,—“Notice. —Guards, porters, and other employes are by rules of the service required to be civil and obliging to the public. The public are respectfully invited to report at once to the stationinaster any instance of incivility or misconduct on thepvrt of any employd, so that the matter may be mves titrated ab the time If dissatisfied with the result they are desired to communicate with the traffic m innger, Spencer street By order of the R H Francis, Traffic .Manager.” New wheat continues to arrive daily at Donald (says the 7 line.?). L ist week several waggon loads, drawn by teams of bullocks, arrived here, ihe yield is reported to be a splendid one all over the district, and in the in vllee country ns much as 10 b igs to the acre hove been reaped. A heavy thunderstorm passed over Ruther glen district on Sunday evening Ihe lightning was very vivid, and the thunder was suggestive of a battery of artillery Ram fell m torrent*. Just before the storm two boy =, named Andrew Harrison, 13 > ears old, a son of Mr Mellor Harrison, manager of Mr R»eves' vineyard at Ldliput, and William Olcorn, 10 years of age, son of Mr Isaac Olcorn, of Ldliput, were returning home from the paddocks with cows. When the storm came on they took shelter under a tree, and the lightning struck the tree, killing both boys. A search party went out, and found both lying under the tree, Harrison lay as if asleep, but Gloom's eyes were wide open. Thunder ami lightning accomp lined by ram continued all night. Cardinal Manning his expressed his entire approval of the scheme formulated by Mr Tom Maim for the immediate relief of the more pressing wants of the unemployed of London Mr Mann's scheme is that mum cipil relief works be started, and bread shops opened, from which help should be obtainable for all the distre sed pour out of work. At the invitation of the Council for Agn cultural Elncvtion, his Excellency the Governor bus arranged to proceed to Dookie on the 2nd January, where he will visit the Dookie Agncnlturvl College 