CHAPTER XXV. THE COLONEL'S FUNERAL. On entering my berth I threw myself : into my bunk and sat in it in such a de spondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified 110 more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since dinner time on the pre ceding day. It was about two o'clock in the after noon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward—who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to—to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is.no better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandishments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim, incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at my ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow. " I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. " What is the news ?" " Have not you heard '{"I inquired. " I have heard nothing hut tsro pistol shots. I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." " Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy through the heart," said I, " as lie declared he would, and the body lies yonder ;" and I pointed to the recess that Muffin liad formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed !" she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice-; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. " Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid," said I. " But he is dead; of him then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just suc ceeded in fighting myself out cf a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You have eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I there fore athise a glass of champagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowland that she might not say no, I put on an air of bustle, called to the steward to imme diately open a pint bottle of champagne, helped lier to a little piece of the fowl, and, finding her still reluctant, gently in sinuated a knife and fork into her hands. "We are homeward bound," said I: "see ! the sun has slipped 'totlier side of t-lie yacht. Our bowsprit directly for dear old Southampton Water. So," said I, filling a glass of champagne and handing it to her, " you must absolutely drink to our prosperous voyage, not only to the ship that goes, but to the wind tl:at blows, whilst," said I, helping my scif to another small dose of Burgundy, " I'll drink the lass that loves a sailor." Slu could not forbear a slight smile, drank and then ate a little, and presently I saw how much good it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Monson was. "In my cabin," she answered; "she will not speak to me ; she asks my maid for what she requires ; she will not even look at me." " It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon: there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows ?" She shook her head. J ust then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Bliss Laura, " Your sister must not be allowed to starve. I fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain Crimp's odious old barque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was xancid salt pork. Here," said I to the maid, "get me a tray. Steward, open another bqttle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. " But you will stop here till I return," said I. " I want you to cheer me up." I went to my cousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his •bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in bis shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of a knight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, he was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any ner vous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of' wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally as tonished. " Conceive, Mr. Monson," she ex claimed, " that the whole may have passed out of his memory ! " " I wish I could believe it," said I. " No, he has just lain down as a boy might who is tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for" being wrong headed sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel— but we agreed not to speak of him. Miss Jennings you are better al ready. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is in 3'our gaze, and now you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " tins is no time for com pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of lier looking downwards with a gravity that was above demureness. At that moment Cutbill and Crimp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Muffin. Bliss Laura noticed them, but made bo remark. It was im possible that she should suspect their mis sion. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. " Will you share your cabin with your sister ?" I asked. " No ; she cannot bear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her ?" " I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said I. "There's a cabin next mine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife—'' "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst the crew forward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for your sister," said I, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up iu, and here she finds your wardrobe, the two score conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and scissors, bodkins and tape— bless me ! what a paradise after tlie'Liza Bobbins." And then I told her how the Shark was lost, giving her the j'arn as I had it from Finn. "Anyway," said I, " Lady Moiison is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." " But I did not wish her—I did not want Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. " Yet you could have shot him," said I; " do you remember our chat that night off the Isle of Wight ? " "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. "But now that he is dead—oli, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. "It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. " What is abhor rent to them in life, death converts into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that her ladyship is ou board, what is Wilfrid going to do with her ? " '' She is never likely to leave her cabin," she replied. " When the Bride arrives home then ? " "I cannot tell." " Had Wilfrid's misfortune been mine this is the consideration that would have stared me in the face from, the very start and hindered me from taking any step that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce Court." Here lier maid arrived and whispered to her, ou which, giving me a pretty little s id smile, she rose and went to her cabin. I mounted to the deck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a plea sant breeze of wind whose hot buzzing as it hummed like the vast insect life of a | tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the pleasant noise of running waters on either hand. My first look was for the 'Liza Bobbins, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee quar ter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me he approached with a ship shape salute and exclaimed : " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home 1" "For what other part of the world, captain 1" "Well, sir, at sea one wants instruc tions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home ? " "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in his cabin and knows nothing." " Lor' bless me!" cried Finn. "But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitcli the body up." " Yes, sir. His'lionour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." " When do you lliean to buiy him ? " " Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of " and screwing up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. " You are right, Finn. We have had ' scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your honour read the orfice ?" "D'ye mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with hiin for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morn ing, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for | dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table pre pared but no one present. I was stand ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabin. He was dressed as if for a ball—swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself with a most [ fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at him. There had never been any ceremony amongst us; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. " Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, "you must give me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," lie cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a; time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modem tailor will permit. Heavens! how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one's forefathers. I should like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now—where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling, smile in its way. " I do not know." I answered. "Oh, she must dine with us," lie cried, " I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with his finger upon his lip. He took lier by tbe hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us ; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to actinc the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for champagne, talking as if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a loir pitclied key, and one saw that there was a perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his wife closc at hand, hut he never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of ghastliness into liis hectic manner, the crazy air of con viviality that flushed, as with a glow of fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning tbe events of the morning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped liim. He drank freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upou his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflicting expressions which filled with wildness lus large, protruding, near-sighted gaze at one or the other of us. I saw too clearly how it was Tjdth the poor fellow to feel shocked. Miss Laura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which she seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well- feigned ignorance of there being anything unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in lier efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a shadow into her face when she looked downwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when her eyes met mine. After dinner my cousin fetched his pipe and asked me to join hint on deck. I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "We must not forget that Lady Monson is on board. Upon my word, I believe you are right in your suggestion this afternoon that Wilfrid lias forgotten all about it, or surely he would have made some reference to her dining." "I'll take care that she is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I pur posely abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his ee, chat he would have been irritated by ,_ie lightest allusion to her,'and unnatural as his mood is after such a morning as we have passed through"— here she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay-—"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart-" He returned with his pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to Ids sister-in-law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "1 have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and 1 have to see that my cabin is prepared." I thought this answer would start him into questioning her, but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they'don't suffice well have Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a green grocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only!" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter tod slapped his leg. By Jupiter! thought I, Lady Monson will hear that and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead ? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She sliook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Mies Jennings ■will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his armj I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said L "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautifid night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, "Finn "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "the capt'n's a-laying down, but he's guv orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankfuL "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf? The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourselves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find him so easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of the glory which the de parting son trails down the western slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight—for my cousin's strange humour had made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in the star-laden dusk, a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into the skylight shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phan- ; tasm, and I remember a little shiver creepiug over me to the vision of that tall, noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinaiy silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in Mm. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings away from his train of thought; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in fant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as the fugitives were con cerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how lie proposed to convert some acres of his laud into a market gardea, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave him an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked care lessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had. he made some reference to the morning. You felt as if the memory of it must be working in him like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from him at moments when I thought of the character of the source whence he drew the strength thiat enabled him to mask himself with what might well have passed for a mere company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. " Going to turn in ?" he asked. " It has been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A giand day," he exclaimed ; ''the one stining, memorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you, and we will pledge it in a bumper before parting." j We entered the cabin ; it was deserted. I Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and ' the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. " She should be with us, Charles," cried my cousin, with a light of excitement in; his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlight, and a half smile of malicious triumph riding his lips. "No, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Wilf ? I want to see you turned in my dear boy." '' Pooh, pooli; hang turning in ! I feel myself of forty-spirit power to- night, just in the humour, if I were a member, to go down to the House and terrify tlie old ladies in it who Gill themselves Sir Johns and Sir Thomases, and who wear swallow-tailed coats and broad-brimmed hats, with a passionate attack on tlie British Constitution." He callcd for brandy and seltzer. How ever, we had not been sitting twenty minutes when his mood changed; his diiuier-paiiy face darkened. He folded his arms and lay back in his chair, look ing downwards with a gathering scowl tipon his brow. I rose. " Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. He viewed me with an absent expres sion, said "Good-night," and at once ■went, bat in a mechanical way, governed by habit without giving his mind to the action, to his berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment whilst he gazed hard at the cabin abreast him ; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one ■who seeks to clear his brain, he dis appeared. Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. " Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, " and get here melancholy job ove? ? " *'Yes," said I, "the sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell yonr people to be quick and secret." He trudged forward, and presently re turned with Cutbill and another seaman. The three of them went below, leaving Crimp to get the gangway rigged and lighted. A couple of globular lamps, 1 feuch as might be treed for riding lights, Vefce suspended against the bulwarks, and .between them a seaman rested a grating of the length of a stretcher. The tftoon was rising at this moment on our starboard beam, an arch of blood tJeSfiikJg the .indigo-black line of the koSsSonthere that on either hand of her Vent melting out into a blending of star laden sliy,: with tho dark and -gleaming ocean brimming to the yacht, vast as the heavens themselves looked. Presently iiito'agh. the hatch rose the figures of fcaptaih Finn and the two men, swaying iindteir the weight of the canvas-shrouded %or£n they bore. The watcli on deck (came affc and gathered about the gang way, where they glimmered like visionary creatures to the dull, yellow shining of the l&lnps.; Face after face seemed to ttttae twisting and wriggling out of the dusk—visions of hairy salts, rendered lifelike and actual by the dull illumin ation ihat glanced upon their shadowy VfrittaTneiitS. The wind filled the rigging Vrith inelancholy noises, there -was si, jre&rning; sob in the sound of the water as ft washed aft, broken and hissing ser pent-like from the bow. The canvas rose dark, but it was now gathering to its loftier cloths a faint, delicate, pinkish tinge from the red moonbeam, though in a few minutes, when the planet had lifted' her ill-sliapen face clear of the black line of brine, all would be of a know-white softness above us, and a Sparkling line of bulwark-rail and glitter ing constellations in the skylight glass and a wake of floating and heaving silver rolling fan-shaped to us. .. A couple of seamen caught hold of the grating and raised it level with the bul warks, one end supported by the rail. "Hie body was. placed upon it, and ghostly it looked in that spectral commingling of starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness—ghastly in the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at that hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn pulled a thin volume from his pocket and opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughing hoarsely as though loth to begin. At last he mustered up courage and made a start. He pronounced many of the words oddly, and there was a deep sea-note in his delivery. I watched his long face twitch ing and working to Ms recital as lie brought his eyes in a squint to the page with the lantern light touching his skrn into a hue of sulphur (hat xnadeone think of it as the likeness of a human counten ance "wrought in yellow silk upon black satin. But the mystery of death was with us; it seemed to breathe—hot-as the night was—in an ice-cold air off the dark surface off the sea, and a man's sense of humour must have been of the feather weight. quality of an idiot's to flutter in the presence of - th&'pallid, motionless bundle upon the grating, whose chill, secret, subduing inspirations were un speakably heightened by the eyes of the sailors round about gleaming out of the weak glimmer of their countenances vaguely shaped by the rays of tie oil flames upon the obscurity, by the silver gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven surveying us over the yardarms and through the squares of the ratlines and amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, and by the steadfast watchnig of stars low down in the measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits stand ing on tiptoe behind the horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was now icing her crimson visage with crystal and diffusing a soft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of sky. I was standingwith my back to the com panion hatch ; my eyes were rooted upon the white form which in a few moments now would be tilted and sent flashing with a heavy cannon-ball at its feet into the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end he had met; but he lay dead; his grave was this mighty wilderness of waters ; not a hole in the earth to which those who mourned him could repair and say, point ing downwards, " What remains of him is here ; " but a tomb rivalling the heavens in immensity, a material eternity that would absorb him and his memory as though liis form, waiting there to be launched, was but a drop of tbe dew that glittered in the moonshine upon the gra ting that supported him. That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy musings, and I was thinking of the man as Z had beheld him in the morning, worn indeed by shipwreck and privation, but stately, erect, soldierly ; his cheek crimsoning to the blow that Wilfrid had dealt bim ; life and passion strong in Km - when I was startled out of Say .thoughts by Finn ceasing to read. 1 iglanceid at and observed that he was peering over the top of his book, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to see what had called off his attention, and remarked a tall female f mre attired in a light dress, bnfc with her e concealed by a long dark veil, standing close beside the head of the grating perfectly motionless, save for such movements as came to her by the swaying of the yacht. She had appeared amongst us with the stealthiness of a ghost, and she looked like one in that conflicting light, with the faint gleam of her eyes showing through the veil, and the stitched up fonn on the grating to give a darker and more thrilling accentuation to her presence than she could have got from an empty grave or a ruptured coffin. The sailors backed ^\yay from her, shouldering another jnio the gloom with much wiping of then: leather lips upon the backs of their hands.. I was An lipiinlrl. ! ing her, tut quickly tallied to a sense of deep disgust that possessed me on con trasting this illustration of emotion with her language and treatment of Wilfrid that morning. "Proceed," I exclaimed to Finn. " Head on, man, and shorten the service, too, if you can.". He croaked out afresh, but the poor fellow was exceedingly nervous. The ceremony, so far as it bad gone, had been chill, doleful, depressing enough before : but a, character almost of horror to my mind now came into it with the tall, stately, motionless apparition that stood —scarce won by the lamplight and the moonlight from the thadowiness that clfothea her with unreality—at the head of that ashen-tinctured length lying prone and resembling a hammock upon the grating. It was the moral her ladyship's presence put into the occasion that made the ceremony all on a, sudden so hideously gaunt, so wild, so inhuman, striking ice like to the heart. For this she had quitted her child, as she believed, for ever ; for this she had abandoned her husband, had pricked the bubble of lier honour, extin guished the inspiration of her woman hood's purest, truest, deepest, holiest feelings ! What but an affrighting vision could that dead man wrapped in his sea sliroud convert her ladyship's dream of passion and pleasure into ! Something, one should think, to blind the very eyes of her soul. But, Lord, how I hated her then for the base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeral of her shame with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of lier natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind her! Finn's croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two men -who held it, ; or else not understood. The sailors raised their arms; the slim niering bundle sped like a small cloud of smoke from tbe side to the accompani ment of the noise of a long, creaming trash of -water simmering aft from tlie bow, through which I caught the note of a half stifled shriek from Lady Monson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. I sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing ■who I was, she waved me from her with a motion of which the passionate haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then waited slowly aft. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut tlie book. Make an end now. The man is buried, and thank God for it." Lady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft the wheel, and overhung the tain-ail, apparently gazing into the obscurity astern where the colonel's body was sinking and where the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty summer highway running ivory-like through a dark land on a moon lit night. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said to Finn : " I hope she does not mean to throw herself overboard." Wis head wagged in the moonlight. "Sir,"he answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If she were the wife of the gent that's gone, I'd see to it. But shell not hurt her Rfilf." I ^Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon her. I The awning was off the deck ; the planks : rail white as the foam alongside under the ; moon that was now brilliant, and all j objects showed sharp upon that ground, j whilst the flitting of the ebony shadows to the heave of the deck was like a crawling of spectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, off-hand indifference could not reassure me. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddy ing froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing —dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form of tlie man whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him she might witness in the apparition, real, sweet, alluring as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which in imagination I could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh of relief that, after I had stood watching her at least ten minutes in the shadow of tiie gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the com panion, down which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in her coming as in her going. Twenty minutes later I followed her, found >^e cabin empty, and went straight to bed. (To be continued.) 