. iRoveliot. Secret ChambfflP on, - ' : _ T1IE '.-.kiPSY'S VENGEANCE,: . . By Eliza A. Dtipuy, ' Autfor of "The, Outlatfi Bride," . " The IVhttc Temr," &(., &>e. . CHAPTER XXYII.— (CosxnfUED.) . Ethel's, fours1 hegan to coiumnnicuto thomzolvoa to thoao around hor, when tho bastlo of an arrival wua heard. In a ' tern, momenta, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, entered the room . : in whioh tho.family waa gathored,. accom panied by hia friohd, Edmund Tlortio, . who soon found: his ;way to tho sidd of \- Alice, and tho ; blashing reception oho ' .gavo him . ebowod that tho proposoossion \- on hor sido was ot least as strong as on- his. : , Gerald clasped his betrothed to i his . manly heart, and whlepored : - j : " Kovor moro to part; my. deoroBt Ethol. A- fow tnoro Honrs, and you will bo mine by the most snored of all -.- .ties." She raised : hor cyos to; his, in- which' love and trust woro mirrored, and, replied . in the sumo tono : ' : - , Yeii, -.-forever- youra- youra , In heart . ; and soul; .Oh (.Gerald, nothing ban part . jib now." colloquy ,b?o had hold through thoWin- ', . -dow, and ebo drew Gerald asido, 'and y .asked: /. V-. v't .".Did you rooot a rnoasonger -who camdrhitner- m ft rilYBfoPinnn wn mmr fn 11 -eoe - :;you V. I accidentally . saw ; him .S; ' ' :throngh ; the - window, ; nnd spoke with . him." . ; 1 ' / ; ' ' ."Thut was. a eingnlar proceedfng on such a night os this. I have not seen any. ono on tlio road. Hid. ho say ho would peek mo?" 1 -y '// « Yeq. Ha said hia messngo was o£ suoh .importance that ho. must go on tho road to; moot you.". . .'".Tho inclemency of the night must, . then; "have driven him to seek shaltor . hoford wo oamo along, ; Hio nows could : ': nob ; havo' beon .of much importance, : _or:ho,- would not -have failod -to"- deliver y . " Perhaps . hot ; hilt ho socmcd very % ihueh in-onrnest." Gerald rausod a moment and! thon .' .eaid: "" \- "It must havo concerned hiinaolf, . -. then; fori am expeoting nonowe that ' can mu> the perfoot happiness of this joy- ful. reunion. Doar Etliol, I havo labored . for you, and Hoaven has' blesaod.my ox-. portions. - I hold In my graap, the fruition \- of long yoara of toil, and. all .I hnvb now tojdo.ia to enjoy, tho" supreme 'happihosa v "I have won- with a thankful heart to tho ; . . ;Giyor of "all good. ; Tho settlomehta are , v completod; and- to-morrow we will : bo- . . . married-'. Thus tho blessod Cliristmno : - ; seeaon will bo twico hallowed to mo." ,s; ; yEtliol would; havo petitioned for a de-. lay of a four days,- but Gerald reipindod. Jier that :ho';had already eubniittod to . many ; tlmt hor . trousseau.waalnrenarod. ' and overytliirij? in - roodineaa, and whore- . . . foro'defdr tliotr uhion fo'r a ainglo day ? Slio.finally yielded, and :hp annouhced to, tlio -. groupo around tho: firp'i.thht.; thb' \- , Ohriatihas bolls would also ring tho' peal. Y' forithoir mnrriaBe. . -Thby rec vi.- hoaity - oongratulations pf ythbirn friends; ; . and Gonild wbnt out among ' the -tenants, ' ,v yand nfter. inforpiing . thom of tlio ap- ; pKiaohing perembhy,.roquobto,d their pro- .. aenco at tho parish ohurph -o tbo follow ing morning. .- y ! y Boon after ; they dispersed to their homes, and Herald returned'. 'to. the room; > m which tho family wao. collected; whore he found a cony, ouppor aorvod; with tlio y aceompanimonta; of egg nog and mullod wmo. : .''"v. 'y'y \- Tlio bowlo that contained thorn worb wroathud with miatlotob, and vhon tlio morry meal, wan ondod. Alioo took the' wreath from one of them, and, plac- . ing it on Ethol'n .head;' chanted aoinb y " old rhymes whioh had otruck- her .. .f fancy: yy' . " On Ohristmaa Eve.tho.bcUa were rang; . - ' . On Ohrbtmno Eve: tho mass was sang ; o: That only night in oil tho year y . , : yflnw the otolBd priest the ohalliiQ ronr : ' . 1 : ;Thedameel. donned her Mrtlo ahebh j .The hall was .drossod with holly greon , 'Worth to the woods did morry men go, r / To gathor in tho mlstlctoo ; . Then opened wide the baron's ball , Tovapoal, tonnnt, serf, and all," "We havo carried out. the programme : pretty well, Ethol, considering that.wo ; live in oqoh dogonorato times j and, now . . tiiabwc may not out-bur own nonsonso, . . with no btrangcra to criticiso us, 1 wish to : . : induIgoafantasyoE my_o\vn.!' ; . What ia It ?!' asked Geraldi- lnnghing. "You may bo auro of an upprociativo nudionco. , ;u.. Alico wcnt on witli oniilinB gravity,: 1'ho riamo by whioh thiB.. plant ia known in Gormany ia def inistcl. and tho poopte of Holatein call it tho branch of tho apoctrca. . Thoy boliovo that if a par- eon has norvo enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly m tho hand, and invoko; ,tho spirit of tho doad,:ho will sao tho ono of whom ho thinks ariso hoforo . him. If ho wills to do ao, ho can speak . with tho spectra.." ... , . \- " But, my dear Alice," aaid. hor fathor, "this scoma to mo o Billy tampormg with 'things too solemn to bo lightly regarded, ; Bosidos, it is. most unsuitable to'the fce- tival wa have just oolobrated. Do not attempt suoh a thing to night, or indood, on any other , night, lest you might got frightonod at your fancies. . "Dear father,! havo sot. my heart on trynig it now, so do not opposo me. Ono would think that - you really, boliovs. in ghosts, I do not, bo you may ..aafel lot mo vorify' tho . Gorman , suporstw .tiont'-'y -/' Alico seldom failod to carry out what? over ebb undertook, and,' after ebme 'hurd poranoaibn, her father consented inac .tao -rrmi mignc do maao. huo said: ,. V... ... "f bavo prepared an invocation whfoh will undoubtedly bring tho airy phan toms; around us, if thpro is :any truth , in' tho boiiof." „ ' The placed herself fn tho centre of tho floor, grasped a branch -of . tho .mistle toe; end; assuming a tragio, nir, com-, monood : " " ' ; ;' v : " Spirits of tho vasty deep, On tho wings of night now swosp; Oomo with »tqrm, oomo through air, .. And answer to my . earnest prayer ; , -It tha dead may . rise to light; . Oeme and. Bpsak. with mo tornfght," .' Thoro was o myBtio Bilonco, only inter- ruptodby tho sonnd of the riaing wind sweeping against tho walls of the house-. Aftora psuso of sevbrat moments, Aloo threw aside hor - tragio air, pud baid, .iri a disappointed tonb : \- '"I am not spiritual enough to havo tha woird vision revealed .to mo ; but ybii; Ethol, ban . porhapa try it with better success. Como', priestess, yon aro nt- ready crowned- with tho Druidicol wreath, and you ahall tako my placo." With playful force she dbaw herfriond forward, and, unwilling to rofus'a her ro> quest, Ethel permitted .tho bronoh of mintlotoo to no thrust in her ; hand, and In hor turn she repeated tho . invoca tion. - /Hor faco was turned toward tho. doar, which oponodih tbo hall, and whiio eho' repeated the Invocation her byes became faatonod to it,' ah she saw it begin slowly to . undoes, A figuro appoorod in tho open, space that curdled the Ufe- blood aroundfier heart,' and frozo hor lips mto siloncb. ' ' ; . " . - A tail man, wearing a. light-oolorod: overcoat, mado wliito by.. tbo snow, that bod fallon oh if; his long, fair hair boqded. with tho same .floeoy flakes, foil in dis order npon' hia, abouldora, beneath whiah was soon a faco as pallid, as that of 'any ghost. He spoko In. a ! tone of hollow mockery : ' ' " You have called- mo, and - lo.l I come." /.'- 'v A. cry escaped Mrs,. Dighy, and sho ox- olaimod : "It-iB-yornor ! .Yoij havo summoned him from tbe realms of tho dead: ', . Drop that branch, / that ..ho - may : fofovey vanish." . ; '-V: ! "'IThat ib: oasiBr.Baid.th'an:.done,i';aai4 -Vornor, in'. his natural1 voice,; aa -Ho OVLUUU lutritituuHu wumiuivu uto iuu|r« '.' I ,am no goblin-damned,' but'. a .flesh' and 1 blood ,entity, . which ' I ' pah ; woll; bbltovo you would nil . bo; glad to! arivo baok into tho realms of.'eyerlhbting no thingness. But l am liorp, and bavo come' to oloim my. own from him who has Un lawfully seized upon it," ; 1 v ' .' For a momont Gorald stood frozen in to silence by this tbrriblo interruption to their mirtii.:;,, But .be/was: aroused'; from his immobility by,, a .faint ciy j from Ethel, and she fell insensible in his out stretched arms. . 'As fliey folded around her; the wrotolied conviction came to him, that andtlior person; possessed the. rigiit'to stand botwepn himsolf and' her hobud dceme'd Bo.entircly.Iua bWn. Ho stifled, the/deep ;grdan.-:of ngony., that -nroBoiri hi|torturod"abul, and opdeavorod . to restore animation to Ethel by,', gprinkf" ling water, from tho table, oyer, her inani-; mato features, v. ;1,',-.1;- , .! ' 1 Verrior-mado e stop .toward him,; and hoarsely. said ) - : Unhand. thBt lady, sir 1 Iret my aunt mihisfor't'ofSbri for I do not ohopso my wifp to lie ; thus in tho-arms of apothor man.;' l am top frozen to touoh lior 'myv ' self or I' would' tear. her from your'dc&ling.; ' grasp: " ' / / -. . ' "" : ./ He-had drawn near tho firo,,tho pthora. 'shrinking away. from him ns if tliuy. still regarded him as a auperndtural presenco; ; and- woa ..attempting to ; thaw Jus ohillcd -hands overitho blazing firo., ;Getuld east upon him a gliin'oe of doflance, and sternly .aaid / , " This lttdy pood net bocopib an j qbjbo't of contention botwobn"us, . ;Hur;bw'il do- oision shall govorn both of us as tq.whibh , oho she wifl, prefor ds ' lipr f uturo [hus band." a x oomprohond tKat.:.rusbi'.V jrepliod .Yernor, with a contemptuous .curl' of .-liis haughty lip. You think ypurbolf oo- ouro of , gpttihg it ; in" your favofi' but tlio law gives hor to me. and .Xdofy .you or anyone olso to.inyalidato myAelauh." :: J- ' "You resigned hor' long ago to mo. I i thought you ' dead;, ''or. / JC . . i should' bavo. plnbcd, hbrfatohbyondybur' con-' trol."' .'' ' V " But youooo .that X nm not dead; and you havo failod. to 'accomplish that acces sary duty. ! f?inco yoii noglocted it,Islmll avail myaolf of every right ! still posaoso ovor that girl, who. offers a.. protty wol-.: nomo to her lpng;pbaont liuobnnd, by fainting whon .lio .appears : in /. hor pre-:, nonce.' . , / <<Do not .doro to call, youraolf, hor huB- band, for in tho sigh t of God you Pro" not- —you nevor, havo been that l ; ' You oaoriCood hor onco to your dosiro for the wealth' she :ihhorked, hnd'ybu ihfo.now roturned to forca -'lior odious bor>d3 upon hor hocausb aho agaiu.hbs !oiftuno to bo'- stow upon you." ' . : tlrs. Digby, with trembling handa, hud boon bathing the brow of Ethol,' who. nov/ unoloaed.hor oyes, looked around, and; eeoing Yornor burlod hor faoo in Gorbld'sbosbui; whild ahe. murmurod': : " It ia true, thon I It was no phantom 1 Take -nio . away— hold mo fast— Gorald, for I. will ullng to you ovon iri doath it- nolf 1" .yomor stvodo toward her, and mook- ingiy said : '"'.v'". /"/.a':,'- 'y-i'y-. " iy-/-. 'So-o-7-my lady brido will not ovon look upon hor -long-absent one. lean well imngiiio tho vigilB you havo hold — tears you - havo wopt- ovor my supposed fato— my pretty Ethel, and if tlioy havo dimmed your- beauty I- cari forgivo it. Let me look upon your face; that I' may judge if it is much changed sinco wo last mot." . Ethel raised hor hand as if to deprocato ,a noarerapproaob, and turning her color- loss faco toward him, sho said : "Leave mo forover, I implore yout Take roy fortuno, tako everything Iolaim, butlcavo mo froo to wnlkmy path of-lifo witiiout your companionship. . You nevor loved mo : you gavo mo up yourself, and I call an you to redeem your flighted word." "On my soul, if it wero possiblo-to claim your wealth without too encum brance, I would tako you at yobr word," ho floreply rojoinod. " But so.important a porsonogo As. Lady Olifton cannot so easily renounce her. hereditary .cstatoB in favor of ahothor. -Only aa your ;.husband can I hold them, and ns suoh I intoud to enjoy 'thani." Looso. your "hold- on that man ; ;cbasb to clingto himj oriny psssieii may pasa th'o bounds of frbodbni."' '' : \- -ccnoi reioxca.nur grip, on uuraia s arm, stood , upright before him: and a faint shade of color swept ovor her paleface aa sho spoko with dignity' : . ; . . ' ' "X obby you, sinco the right to command mo is still unfortunately yowa ; but hoar 'moiri my turn. ' No earthly powor shall over compel mo to live with -you as your wifo. You may, for. a" season, stand between mo and the man T lovo, but I shall 'find ' irioans to broak tho' : wickod bonds iri which you bound' mo wliiio X wsb yet too young to comprehend hpw odious thoy - might hn'c'omo. You iicobr; loved mo ; my fortune was all .you sought in gaining my hand; and tho. wealth I" now! posses shall yet: purchase freedom, for! nio from your cruel power." . ' " It might, porhapa, ill permitted yon to nsq'it' for' that puiposo ; i bnt' 1 shall tako good caro not to) do so.' Tholaws of. England giyo'a man ahsbluto coritrol over hia wife, "and, f adviso !you td-'siihtriit to. ,tho fato that is jribyitolflo. "Almost by a miraole X bscapod shipwreck iu which you' thought I had porishod. Tho lottors I wroto.you wor? novor ! recoived, it soom's ; or thoy may have .boon suppressed. Ho who-' sought to supersede mo . in my family inhoritanoo, and also in yiiur affoctions, can doubtless glvo an accodqt of them." ' '. ' Ho flxod his oyos insolontly on Gorald,- who proudly replied': "' ' 1 . " My wholo courso in life rofutes such ah absurd chargd j neither' (to"!1 boliovo that suoh. letters havo. over.been wriften. : Whero havo you beon during all. those! yoars 1" " " ' Vernor dared not namo the place of his lata residence, and ho said : "I was pickcd up by a ship bound to- Virginia. When' tho nows of the revolu tion, "in the country 'renohed ' thoro, I immediately embarked for my "nutivo homo: "! On laridirig at fjynb, I lesrhed that you had uauroed" mjr ; ritlo: and jfor-'' .tone, and tliat my brido was also about to bestow hor Hand upon you': ' T- . ,1 Kurrfod hither to putvo atop to each praiieedirigs and. now,, Sir GeraldwMethurn, I dom'and the restitution of my w.ifo and ostate." ; : " On tho lost you havo .no legal claim, for the property of my nnole has becomo iniuo by purohase; - Tho 'titlo has also he'enbestowedori me for servieesf endored . to tho pteserif king f'but'I Waive toy right to'bear.it if youpHooaptotetemopbarten distinption .unsrip'porte'djhy the "' wealth that oan oniy .renqer.it rospeotublo.1: '. Aa to Ethel, shorias declared her feinhltiliq- DOu to oo. uiaiuiuu ' uy uu, xYux iDninr tain her right to do so at any co.it." ' Tho rest- of the group. Jiad listened in< nppa'flodailopcetothispoasionate collciquy; but Mr, "Digby hefu ipterposod : : : ' ; . J'lt' is'- uselesa/ to-'-yeorimiiiiri-:-. thus. Mrs. Digby, roriiovoEthol toherohambor for slm acoms aoafoely able to sustain her; eolf. Go with tliein, Alice/arid! bond n sorvant to .'conduct Mr. / Bortie- to bia ohambof: Gerald arid -myself. will talk with. Verriof, and bridoavour to bring him, to a,moro reasonablo.fratno pf mind.'' / - Vernor stopped forward and attempted: to take. Ethel s hand in bie j but ohe ' shrank away, saying.: . : f ' . - ; ! ' "No— no — never shall my hand. he ola'spod in yours again.'/ Ybu'.yosigrie'd it to him'. to whom it ia now. plightod; and iny heart ratifies tho cot. tract. ' j ' . A dark frown' gathorod on, hia brow and' ho Baid;thrbugh hiB oldabd tebth ;' " - .." Vo.shall aep who ahall'bo the winner.'. .X; play' for tion".oX.afeobIo w.omoh/aball'.nqt'mor1 my game. I give you" this- riight tb reflcot upon - your : posit ion and mako up Vour : inirid to your; iriovitablo fate: . jEth'ol MeiKurri; f claim'yo'ur/allbgiaricb lis n)y: lawful wjfo, and; mark' ine, it thalt . be rendered,"-. ;"i s !;,. Ethol aobmeiori tho; verge Vof : faintingi -again, . and !Mrs. Gigby. hastily drew her aside! > - Thai throo lad ice : left', the room togothor, Alice almoatv austainln'g tliei slnkingform of her'fribiid,'wlioso strength .'wns'exhauated bytlie .vtolentembtions'of \yhori; in hor' own. ohamber blip, wept upon the besom of libr adbptedi/motbor, . and, wildly asked if it wouid bb/pooaible for Vpmprto'fdrcb |ier fp )iye witli him as.his wifp,;! ' . ' .' ' _" Gulm you? agitation; my (bve," Baid Mrs.- ./Digby, soothingly, -";yernor nbepmbs/a high tone; 'but, ho. muot 'feel the wpakripsa of liis cause: ' He ounnbt: oompoTyou to : return ' to b'im:'v It 'will, takb vtim.P to'. bbtoin ia divorce/ but -ho Engliali ju'ry.will refuBQ a'vbrdjet in your fayor, wlieri Jtjio: faotejof tho oasb are, fairly aotib'ofore tlioml" " '' "' ' . "But Vernor may altompt to avongo ori Gerald the. preference I' foe! for himi Oil I '" aunty, no looks . so savago, so reYongofulj that niy hoart dies within nio whon I thiuk of . him." .."My son enn protect himsolf, : Ethel; have no fours; toy bim/ Bud uu l 'ara afraid ycrnor is( ho will attempt ho ..vioiencp. toward hia coubiir. Hb .baa. too tonderucaf otorhisown safety; youmay be suro,".' . '/ '-"' : Thus reasoned, . Ethoi . hpcamo nipro: composed, Bu t for her nahirig hoart 'thoro was n'o ropoBO during tho long hourn of that wibtehed night. ! - : .. :-.' ' Tho light pf that day, whioh Was to have ipritriesspd' h.or, 'espousals' ".to; the :man islip ndoro'd, folj. upon hbr wan. and wretohbd,. fearful of flio oyil;:influoricd whioh had darkened ; l)PF life V-pd .lialfljtokeri hor heart. Sho woo too ill apd iiubbraljlo tq dosaend'to breakfsot, and AUcaCaihoig t'p sliaro thoropaat whioh .was. sefved in hey own apartmout. Bho ondoavofed'tobhoor tho ainking spirits1 ofjicr friend, but bho. had ao yet not. favorable no'wi) to cbm- jnunicate. , j OHAPTEB XXVIII. VEllNOa DIHMAYED. Vainly did Mr. Digby ondoavor to mediate botwoea tiic two cousins. Vernor portmaoioUsIy adhered to his demands, and- doolaroa that- tho full and amplo restitution of lus fortuno, together with tlio surrondor of .Ethel, wore tbo only: terms to which ho would liston. Soveral days woro consumed in fruit- loss' negotiation, during which Ethol Confined- liorsolf to her own npartmont, and- steadily refusod to rccoivo tlio mtrudor," Votnor assumod the command of the houBo as, Us lawful master, and tho servants learned to their dismay that tlio wedding of thoic lady would not tako place, as tho former husband, long sup posed dead; had. returned to assort liia prior olaim to hor. - Gorald was' .-.almost in despair at tho firmnoss of Vomor, -whon a lottor from Lyme .was .doiivoreil to him which changed' tho aspect of affairs- in iiis favor: lb woe director iri f hp . oramped hand of ono" riot mnoh accustomed to writing, arid, hri opening it; hb found these linos .SlB Gbuau'd. MbTHUBH— Honored Sir:— I write this to let vbu-k'now of a dlscoverv I bave mado which may be important to you.' Throo days ago a: ship went ashore near tbis piaoo ; . the pcoplo on board were saved, and oris of tho1 passengers we're brought to Jessie- Lithgowls. where I lodge. She is a young anil beautiful woman;' I can see, although sho' bus "been-; sick nlmost unto death since hor . arrival here; During her illness her wild ravings informed mo of sums tacts that beur upoa the history of your cousin, Vernor. Methurri, who X am aware is now in England. 1 knoirmuch of Venicr'a former life, and when bis first name toll 'so often from her lips I listened to her .words:'wlth interest. I bought tor a confirmation ot my suspicions, arid found it letter concealed In the dresa sho wore when she. nss brought ' hither, which proved to' mo. that I was tight in my con- jeeturcs. ' " .Unclose yon a copy of that letter, ns I dated not 'remoro tne original. You can judgo tor yourself if the facts it contains can ,be of any. riso to you' at this crisis: Ho has . married oeeconA wifo whila his first ono is yet living, and this poor girl has followed blm'tb demand such redress as tho law may afford. " "" '' Four nights ago Vemor Methurn was in this plrice," and by' this timo ho. is un doubtedly at Oliffdcn. I know tbo Lady .Ethel was soon to morry yon, and tho Infor mation 1 send may enable yon to deal with your adversary on moro equal terms. Yon may roiy "on the truth of this statement from a friend; although my namo is not signed toll. M, V. Below this wao copied tho letter Vernor had V written -to Sylvio, and Gorald no sooner g!anced_6vor it than ho saw from internal ovidoiico thnt liia cousin must have boo'ri tlto author Of the original. Tho date also confirmed his suspicions that Vernor had not told tho truth as to tho place of his jfpfuga during tho years of his cbsonco. , .'-.- ' . In a tumult of tooling he sought Mr. Digby, and laid the important missive- be fore liim. Bo read it carofully, rind thon. said : ' ' '" This places Vernor at yonr meroy, Tho woman ho has thus wrbngod- will ox- poso': his , treachery,' and to avoid ,o proeeputiori forbigamy ho will bo com- pellodtp fly frbni'the country! ; A delay of a few mpntbri will enriVlo yon to' claim yonr bride; for now all lego! difflctiltiea to' ri divorce iriust vanish botore the prioofa yon can bring torwrird of Hia utter' want' pf prtooiple and feeling. - Lot us: rioek ari ihtorvioW with: him,, and. show hiiri' tho 'oritiCaT position in ivhioh he stands." ! Vrirnor was walking on tho gbri-hoaoh; i/uv ui'tt<Duuiii,iiuiiuuo'uauiD/ auu ao turned to the hauso. Gorald met liim in tho ;hall, nnd- requested a priyato convor- sation'in-the library. --, ' , : : " Our interviews lend to so littlo thnf-is': eatlsfaotq that' it- seeuss: useless to hold :th'om," he eaid, with a snoer j '' but I will' nut refuaoyour'roqueat," ; /! ' . ""This Oho at/least will be. more decisive;" was the significant reply ; ." I have Boniothirig "of importance to com- muriicato, : to yoa 1 which will probably! change your plan of action." :' ! ! i farioy not ; but we shall see," and ho indolently followed his cousin; arid threw, himself, in a ohnir in front of thei fire, Mr. Digby wns Boatod bosido the library; triblaj ; rind; Geteld-tearofully;' closed tho door, of. the ' room, - Vornor haughtily said: ".You take many-precautions wliIoh are now 'useieba, foritevory servant' in this house knows who! I rim. and why X havo eomo'hithor. '..They also begin to compre hend that I intend to maintain tho foot-, -ing! I havo gninod hore. aa the lawful master of tho:domriin." ; " I am quito wbll awaro of that ; but :thoy d6Vnot 'know'' what ' 'Xirim about to 'cdnunuhicate to you! ..It has beon known to myself only within the lost hour, rind 1 )prit!ybvi thatflt 'wijl he'q- terrible blow tq you." 1 ' 1 V,: " Lot it , fall;;, then;" waa tho reokless roj9i.ndor.,!.Xam!prop'aredforany thing yoiicanhayo'totenino." ; /' -' ' " I think you'nrb bbarooly prepared for this.- :How lo"rirTlb',it'sinnn veil Infh Tinr. ba'doba. arid idcsbtteditlte woman! to'- wholia you wore unitbd'tjior0 ? I am nwaro'thit youbavoribvo'r-heon in.-Virginia: that : the'ycara rif your exile were spent ; in the AVust Indies." -- - " It is false I" - No woman has a , legal' claim to mo save Ethel. " Why should you presume tb doubtmy word as to the pfuos ofmyoxilo?" f '/ " I doubt it booauso It is. sitlofaotorily proved to mo' thakyou hay.e!rieyorjboeri in Virgiuiri. Tha woman you lifoiy dobof tod ia already in England/in pursuit of you;! riud'Hy this timo' the oluo to your idontity is furnishod to lior, "though yoii wedded hor only under yoiiy baptismal nrimol" He looked fixedly on tho ehanging faco of tlio libtonor. arid if confirmation had boon ." nopded, tlio, agitation of ' Vorpor auppliodit. IIo faiqtly gasped : At' Sylvia In England! ./ Sylvio on my traok I then I am indood. undorio 1": ,, ! Aftorri moment of perturbed thought,, ho pssPibnately. naked ! 1 . " "Who hoa told you tliis ? . "What proof h'ivo you of whrit you rieaort ?" ! ; / . ; - '! Gorald . offcrod , bim 'tbo lottor .of tho gipsy; arid calmly'eaid :- .'.i,'' , 11 ' . " Itead tbnt, and "sep that'.'y oil : aro lief' longer snip in this country;"'1'; " - ' ; : (To he Continued.) . -: / ! ' v 