CORRESPONDENCE, i Sins tliat are Past.— The Anti- Christ. to the editor. Sir. — In his reply to . iny letter, Mr. Hare does not in any way prove his asser tions — that the ' Anti-Christ- is the Pope of Rome,' and thatjChrist died for Past Sins Only — to be true. He corrects ine with reference to Daniel 7, alni 25, but this is tho only thing- in the whole letter. It now becomes necessary for me to in form your numerous readers and those who attend Mr. Have's lectures, that " The Anti- Christ has not yet been, made m anifest," and therefore he cannot be the Pope of Rome- ThelPope is a Christian, and if not in ac cordance with onr views of Christianity, yet he. holds Christ to be the " Saviour and Redeemer and Lord." And though this fact be soniewhat obscured by his adherence to old Jewish rites, and ceremonies, yet he remains a Christian, " if only in Name. Now Anti-Christ, means opposed to Christ, or against Christ, and no Jewish community would accept a mate as their ' Messiah ' unless he condemned " all and everything" in connection with the first ' Messiah ' and thiB the Pope does not do, but " the Anti-Christ " will do. Besides this, the Pope does not pretend to be of the Tribe of Judah which the Anti-Christ must do, or else be rejected by the people, as the promised Christ was to come of that tribe, which your readers will easily see by referring to the following passages of Scripture (viz, Genesis, 49, 10 and 11 ; Deuteronomy 11, 15 and 18; Isaiah 9, 6 and 7\. But particularly Isaiah 11, 1 which reads, "There shall come forth a rod out of the stein of Jesse," etc.;) and many more. It is needless I think to try and prove that Christ was "a Jew, and therefore it is equally so, to try v and show that-" Anti_ Christ" will be a Jew, .hence how other, wise could he impose upon the People ? A nephew of the late Sir W alter Scott, . writing on the subject says— "The Anti- Christ must be a Jew," else his false Mes sianic claims and pretensions would not find favor in the land of Judea. " Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of Women." ' Jehovah' the national God of Israel, is denoted by the former expression ; and ' Messiah' the ex pectation of godly women of old, is signi fied by the latter. " The kino sets him; self in opposition both to " Jehovah" and " Messiah " (Daniel II, 37.) John in his epistles, styles him Anti-Christ as denoting his religious character ; in Rev. 13 and 11 he is spoken of as the "false prophet amongst the Jews" ; while the Gentile Apostle, styles him "the "Man of Sin" and the " Son of Perdition" and " wicked one (2 Thess. 2.) As to his relationship with Judah, he falsely claims to be the expected Messiah, he will reign as king in the land and act- as " false prophet " amongst the people. In this twofold character the 'Anti-Christ' will wickedly usurp the royal (Ps. 45 and 1) and prophetic rights (Deut. 18 and 15) of Christ (Dan. 11, 36 ; Rev. IS and 20 ; Zech. 11, and 16, 17). But nothing of this can bfi proved true iu connection with the Pope of Rome. Sins that are Past. Mr. Hare claims that Christ died for sins that are past Only. Does he not see that such an assertion " limits the work of .Christ at Calvary." There the Cimst-said " if is finished," and we all know that what He finished, was the " Work of Atonement, in ' all ' its bearings." Christ .-as ^-".Sub stitute " suffered on the cross, for the sins of His people, being made sin for ; us ; „aud when His suffering was over, He said " Father into thy hands I commend my Spirit." Then ho gives up the Ghost-, and in so doing, he became" propitatory" for sin. His suffering was for ' Sins " the fruit, His death for ' Sin ' the root. So that the whole question of Sins past,1 present, 'and future, and Sin (the principal) : was . gone into and forever settled, between God and His Beloved Son." Now the sinner who believes in Jevits is justified from All Things. (Acts, - 13 and 3! i) and- then he receives as. a gift from God " Eternal Like and shall not coui6 into judgment, but " 's passed" from Death unto Life (Jno. 5) 24.) Mr. Hare's teaching is entirely opposed to the plain and simple Word of G.id, " which a wayfaring man though a fool may nob err thorin. (Isaiah 35, 8.):, Yours, &c.; EUGENE. 