CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The first session of the Second Synod of Ihe Diocese of Riverioa was opened on Tuesday night st the Masonic Hall. There wbb~s jjgood number of visitors present. The president took the chair at 8 o'clock and after devotional fexercise, be delivered his opening address. HiB Lordship said : MY EEVEREKD BRETHKEN AND BRETHREN OF THE LAITY. We meet as a new synod at its first ses sion. Some faces are new, somejftre those of old and tried friends, whom may God above long spare to theDiocese and abun dantly bless in Bis service ; and may use in training others to take a like deep and earnest interest in the welfare of our Zion. We have invoked the Divine blessing upou our proceedings. We have pleaded Divine j promises. Let us go forward in depen dence upon that blessing, and trusting in that promise of one Who cannot fail. To one and all . I tender my hearty welcome, and rejoice to see you gathered in our quasi Synod Hall. Ijet us each endeavor to manifest that spirit which befits those who are met together, as we have met, for the welfare of the chnrch to which we be long, the Church of England, which is a portion of the whole body of the church, to redeem which Jesus Glirist our Lord gave nothing less than himself. At the commencement of our second synod it seemed right to review tbe work of the three sessions of the first, snd to tako stock of our possessions in the way of or dinances and standing resolutions. Have we onything to show for our existence, or has our time been wasted ? Has it been taken up .with mere talk, oria there some substantial result to show to the church and to the world ? Have we cumbered our reports with legislation that simply lies on the shelf, or is our legislation useful and practical. Let me invite ynu my brethren, to review with me our ordinances and standing resolutions, and to see what answer we can give to the above important questions. By two resolutions we have aocepted the Constitution of the General Synod, and have assented to all determin ations or tnat ooay made before 1886, and also No. 1-2 of 1886, and thus have placed, ourselves in willing connexion with the synodical action of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania. .We have only taken our place in the federation of i our church in, these dominions of our; Queen. By our first ordinance we assen- i tedtoftdtfcftconBiituVion for the provin- 1 cial synod which that body proposed with a view of amending itself, and have also considered a proposed ordinance on the subject of Ecclesiastical Discipline and reported to the Provincial Synod as re I quested Our second -ordinance regulates , the method of electing representatives to ; the General and Provincial Synods and is found satisfactory in its working. The third ordinance regulates the convening of Diocessan Synods and the election thereto or ijay i&epreseoratives; and presents no difficulties in its working. Tbe fourth provides for the election of future bishops of Rirerina, and has been anxiously scanned by both the Chancellor and my self, in order to discover hindrances, which have arisen under certain eventualities to the filling up of other dioceses in New South Wales and in New Zealand, would effect this See, with the satisfactory result that we see that our ordinance is so judiciously worded as to avoid those end similar difficulties to which allusion has been made, and though the ordinance in question describes itBelf in its preamble as of a provisional nature. I am more and more con viuced that we could not do better than leave it as it ist and where it is. The fifth of our ordinances interprets and shortens their language and stands »s a j wise and useful measure. The sixth con- ! stitutes a Diocessan Council and has been found to be wisely framed, Speaking per- i sonally, I have found the council to be of j very great assistance to me, and in no i way a hindrance, in all the matters which I have come before it, And myself : nor have its members shrunk from tbe work but have devoted long -hours to financial and other considerations. I gladly express here my best thanks to the members of the council for ihe help given to myself, and for their services to the church. As a matter of necessity, owing to the geography of tbe diocese, it has been the members living ia or nearest to Hay who have chieifiy taken part iu its deliberations ; only at that meeting which is usually held immediately before tbe synod can it be the case that the whole council is gathered together. Still lam convinced that al though it is those nearest to Hay who' have most to do with its work, those at a distance not only are not disposed to fiod ' fault with that in which they cannot take part, but feel grateful for what 5s done by those who can do.it One slight amend mend to the ordinance was found advisible to order to avoid uiineoessary expense and trouble : tho quorum did consist of 3 clergy and 2 laymen. Two of these three clergy had to travel At least 80 miles if not : 100 and upwards: it was felt too tbat there was no need of more clergy than ? laity, especially as tbe Bishop ib always in 1 the chair ; the number of clergy .required for the quorum was .therefore reduced to ' 2\. The seventh odrinance for instituting a Clergy 'Assurance Fund was repealed by tbe eighth the following session, which i itself also was found to need Bligbt amend* ments to meet emergencies which arose* This is in working order and is the beat ' that a young diocese can do : it ia acrpng shame that there is not a Etiong society of long standing to provide pensions for all those clergy in Australia who might wish to subscribe ; in this matter, as in failing to provide a aohool for. the sous of . tbe clergy, the Metropolitan - Diocese seems signally to have failed in forseight. r What /' -a nursery , for the .rclerjcat ranks such a school might have proved 1 Sere as in thev old. country ^he lnimilies' -of -}ibe -clergy -might iiave-ptoridedj-*as ?they'HtlTtOTdo^ here, in a large-measure the future clergy. Such' Another eohool - ab the : Clergy Daughter's School at Waverly might have been well formed, if not earlier, at any rate recently, with windfall's which have come' to Sydney Diocese. However, . with regard to provision for the old age -of clergy, we are doing what we can. The ninth ordinance is fur the purpose of in creasing tbe efficiency of Sunday Sobools, and promoting their establishment. The tenth is for constituting a -tribunal for the Administration of EcclesiasttOAl Discipline , ' and seems, on comparison with likie legisla tion in other dioceses to combine the good pi/ints of all and to go beyond it m some important feature. ' This ordiimncpis,7 While I trust that it'may never be necessary to put it into foroe.fltauds as a monument of the deliberate opinion of. this aeuse of churchman as to the high-character'r both as to conduct and- duty, which clergy ought to bear, and of tbe intention of both clergy and laitysofar as is possible to -stoptanyf^ipg to., the. contrary. ' Of all men, those who come so .near to God,- in privillege, in power, in service, as do the clergy, should reccommond the religion they profess by the consistency of their, lives and obedience to their ordination vows. Besides these ordinances we have resolutions. One of the first session re quires the clergy to keep a registrar of parishioners, I should have thought tbat the clergy would do this, not only as a matter of obedienoe but also for efficient wprkiug of their parishes, and tbat when they leave,- their suooessors may be enabled to know who belongs to Ihe Ciiuroh of England, bnt when I ask for, returns,, in. most oases, either a blank column is left, or there appears an inser tion to the effect that the clergyman has no idea of the' number, .or ^gotnething to the same eflect. A secorxf^fe'solulion of the same synod requires churchwardens to furnish financial statements annually to the diocese. For this purpose the counoil has issued forms which have for the most part been anBwered. promptly, and no doubt within a few days tbe remainder will come to hand. These will be tabula ted and presented to the Uiocese with tbe Synod Report, and will show the financial vitality of some parishes, that .there is something to desire in others, and the Dsinful struggles of yet others, A third resolution requires congregations to make collections to tho General Fund of the Diocese. This is done almost universally, and I trust that there may be no excep tions to the rule. Loyalty to the church and the diocese, and its mouthpiece in the - synod, should suffice to secure this. The council has fixed theBe for Trinity Sunday, . and tbe last Sunday after Trinity. The Clergy Assurance Ordinance requires an offertory also, for hat ' fund, 'and asks for it on --r near Christmas Day* when it is hoped hearts are opened wide in gratitude for highest Christian mercies in God's greatest gift to man. To return now to my questions. Have we anything to show for our existence, or litis our Hme been wasted, has it been taken up with mere talk, or is there substantial resnlt to show to the church and the world; have we.. - - cumbei,S0jnfi4induuBe)esfl~lAwe -or 'are they — - needfal and useful 1 I veuture to predict the verdict that much has been dooe-io - the S years in legislation, and that sub stantial good ig the daily result of it. We. can notice that, some diocescs longer in existence have framed similar ordinances to nnrs, since we have legislated, and that possibly good has been effected even out side our borders by our example. Instructions from last Session. — In obedi ence to your authorisation I signed your .address to the late Primate, had the seal at tached and forwarded it, registered,, to ins address in England. I have not, however, received any acknowledgment of its having reached its destination ; but*doubtless such is the case. Probably the acknowledge mcnt, though sent, has . failed in delivery. You requested the Bishop in Council to furnish the Synod on the first day of each session with a copy of the report and state ment of accounts presented by the Clergy Assurance Board. This will be found upon the table. LEGISLATIVE MATTEBS. There is nothing to report except that tbe Church of England Property Act of 1889 having received the assent of His Excellency the Governor on May 21st ulto., I have now received from the Bishop of Gonlburn the deeds of church lands in this diocese held by him as trustee, that Act having declared me ms successor in tne part or tnis diocese formerly under his jurisdiction. The diocese of Bathurst had previously surrendered any deeds of land now no longer in tbat diocese. All such documents are in safe keeping in the Bank of NewSonth Wales, in Hay, and the Chancellor hopes shortly to have ready . a terrier of all church lands in the diocese, the council having, previous to the hill being introduced, agreed to bear a share in the cost of a private act with five other dioceses has now been informed of its quota, viz., £46. By joining with' others we have es caped the. whole coBt of an act which was necessary. The other beneficial effects of this act I have stated in my address at the last session. THE PRIMACY. After an interval of a year, Australia is likely soon to have again a Prima'e, New South Wales a Metropolitan, and Sydney a Bishop in connection with our church. This is imp'rtant as a session of the Provincial Synod iB dne in the present year, and of the ^ ' General Synod in 1891. The position of the Diocese of Sydney is likewise to be con-, sidered as left too long without a head. Recent events and the enmberous nature of the determination of the General Synod by which the election to the primacy is ef fected, point to the desirableness of some change in the matter of the Primacy. The Sydney^ Diocese seems not anxions to retain tne primacy for its bishop, and if it be detached from that See that diocese can elect for its own bishop the one whom it be lieves to be best. The Bishops of New South Wales can then elect their - metropolitan from their own ranks, and the Bishop of Australia oIbo their own Prhftate. Mean time none can but. sympathise with Canon Saumarez Smith in the unfortunate position in which he found himself through no .fault ' of his own, hut owing to a ^mistake.' 'sue!*- -as- ' will' sometime occur Ail are b^und'to pray tbat God's best blessings may rest upon him in his consecration, in the voyage out, in his episcopal office, and in those- of Metropolitan and Primate. It -iis expected: that ne will reach Sydney in August. ? ? ? - THE DIOCESE. - Several changes have taken place since last Synod, and some vacant posts are filled. Broken HUl was manned last August by ' the Rev. A. G. Wheeler, late of All Saints* Petersham, and for several years previously in the English University. He has man* - fu'ly stood to his arduous post, and if there is mncb to try and dishearten, he certainly has something material to show for the time of his residence there,as well as spiritual re suits which only eternity can manifest. From ' his 'spirited Easter address to his parishion*. ers one finds that £500 has been - raised for chtfrch extension going toward securiug a good site, removing ana. enlarging consider ably the chnrch, and erecting a parsonage *fiow near completion. In addition to this a small stone church has been opened at South ' Broken Hill at the. cost- of ; £200, and is in use for services and Sunday school. The Rev. E. Ward 'Thomas was ordained - in Advent and serves with; Mr. Wheeler,1 'spe- cially attending to -Silvertoh and Menindie with the district around. . There .is ample sphere for the -labours of yet another here ' did'funds allow of. it. The strain;upon the ? two would be relieved sind additional 'work ' .be done. - Broken Hill itself vow contains -- be^eenj5,(^rtnd^20j000,and is likely to ' .Increase continually in ^popmatlohr'^ ^SeveraV**^' Jinnnrary ypwriap yfllqft /.j ' tary services which are greatfuliy -accepteict& and much valued. -The.Rev. C. fe West C moved from Silverton . to ^Wilctmnia 'inf'J'''.'. August. This parish, has been supplied --by Vf-; me with a clergyman at'the desire of ; the Bishop of ^atburst^ Tou reaolyed laat . session that it was desirable that - it should . be added lo this, diocese. .The .Synod ?ot Bathurst has by the canon ceded' it to ub, - ^and it now remains for yon to resolve to - accept it. - A map showing 'the division .of «. the diocese agreed to by Bathurst lira on tbe ' ' table, * I believe -it to be as convenient a division as is possible for the working of ? the - country, being determined not by parallels : nor by counties but by holdings, as they oan more easily be reached from'feourke, Cobar, Ivanhoeand WUoannia respectively; : - lor-: ?. dained the Rev H.-'Mi Triclcet in September, who has been since working in - Tfarandera, and in the extensive and; populous ; district - whlcb surrounds that growing and . impor tant town. Of Naranawa itself theRev-rC, ? Eldrid' took charge in : November,: having beehan the Grafton and Armidale- Diocese.. -? - , The work of the ohurch is carried onshore' v. with vigor, and a-large number -of iioupes . are visited and services are held; ?- !Thie:Ber G. Ward undertook the charge of . Went- i worth, in July; a town which at the present » time eoems to have outlived Its usefulness, i ; and which has been depleted of population and trade by first Broken Hill And .then - Mildura. It is uphill work both for clergy- , man and church officers, The district nortbr ward of Hay, around Booliga^ Mossgiel ahd . , , Ivanhoe is visited and minuteredto pM^dl- , - calty by the Rev H. Br&dshsw;, who, ^r^sid fngin Hay, givesassistanoe ihere also. Yegso giyeB a monthly 'service At V- - find C&rgellico; instead of at Booligal. The Kev A. D. Mitchell left Moania in jSeptem . Ler , and he was now in the Ballarat iHocese. Mr C. 3?. Dsfth, a tundidata for Holy orders, is in charge of Moania, whero the commencement of a parsonage bas teen made, the 'larger part of the cash was pre viously raised ana lying upon deposit. 'Two front rooms with .parsonage between are well nigh finished, and with small detached kitchen will form complete quarters for a bachelor, and save the cost of rent which has hitherto been paid. At Deniliquin a commodious brick building, cap&b;\e oi being enlarged if need He, has'': been ' crccted as Sunday school and parish room, which will prove of great advantage both in relieving the church, which is not fitted for classes, of the Sunday school children; and- will serve | also for many another useful purpose. On , this there is still a debt which will no doubt, .before very long, be cleared off ; the j nest egg which enabled a commencement to be male came from the late E. Mau, Esq., of Sydney, who wished to erect a monu ment of a useful kind to a deceased brother whose mortal remains lie in the cemetery. He had put by £100 for this some years Ago, which, with the accumulated interest, was available at. his death. Former .debts have been cleared ? off at Hay and Urana, and largely reduced at iDeniliquin, Hiilston and Urana. As regards the receipts for both parochial stipends, received through the Council, and also; for the general fund, the amr.unts seem to differ very little from those of the previous year. There seems little advance but no retrogade motiou. \Vhilst some church buildings have been erected and their number has oeen added to, we have Buffered the4oss of tbe parsonage at Urana by fire. This occurred early in the present year. Fortunately the building was insured, and the insurance money lias been paid by the offip^andlies^ready- fomBerMr Thwaites had hisfurnltureirisfircd-bnt not to their full value. ? 'Kind frieuds in the neighborhood have shown their sympathy in a substantial way in trying to supply the loss ; there are however many things which 1 nimiAv oanrmf fAnla.nA in little treasures, and ' in the result of thought and reading. Hap pily no loss of life occurred, 'but it will take long for Mrs Tliwaites to recover the shock she received on discovering the -fire and hav ing just time to eave her infantand herself* Our sympathy will, I am sure, run over to one of our own clergy and a member of their body in the loss of home and possessions. confirmations. The confirmations liave not been many or large since this time last year. Indeed many of those held have been for the con venience of a few than as general for a parish. The number 6onfirm€d is but 56, of which more than half^havc been in Hay .or its district, -viz, 16 males and 16 females. There are signs, however, that before the. end of 1890 there will have been a far larger number of candidates, judging by the con firmations I am asked to hold, aud the , pains taken in their preparation in several j quarters. I look on confirmation as a time which, if well used by the clergy, is one of the most precious in tlie whole life. Apart from tlie rite itself it should be an occasion for bringing to a head all -the teaching that hasgone before in ihe family, in the Sunday school, and in the church, and infixing upon the mind and heart the great claims which Jesus Christ has upon the life, and the im mense blessings which depend oil faith in j TTim and union with Him, and the great ; helps which He has provided in the meanB i of grace to keep alive and strengthen that | life which proceeds from Him. *? Many a high aim and noble purpose dates from confirma tion, taught in the instruction given and strengthened by the gift of the Holy Ghost. RESIDENCE FOR THE BISHOPS OF EIVERINA. On my arrival in the diocese the matter of | building a residence for tbe bishop was pro- 1 posed, and partly by my advice the questiou was left in abeyance for a while. On some j accounts the advice may not have been good, ! but upon the whole I am inclined to think that in the interval a great*deal of experience | has been gained, and time given to find a | good site, and to develop ideas as to the most suitable site, plans, and material for such a climate m, we have-in Riverina, com bining a good deal of heat and some search ing cold. Soon after the formation of the Diocesan Council, within the scope of which the subject came, that body considered that it was not well to go on paying the heavy cost pi the house then rented at £275 per annum, with its somewhat limited corres ponding advantages, and appointed a sub committee to obtain a site to erect a honse end to provide the means, A circular was issued through the elergy 'who in trne or two instances acted on their own responsibility and did not post them. Only a Iim ited re sponse was elicited to this appeal. However, as there was a sum of £1000 given by my late revered , father for this purpose lying on deposit, and as I expressed my willing ness to make a gift of a like sum to give an impetus to. the project, the matter was pro ceeded with. . It was believed that the best material for the climate, was jron, partly as being cool, partly that crackB and settle ments which from the nature of the soil ap pear, if brick is used, might be avoided, and partly ..because iron- would cost £1000 less than brick. Plans and. specifications were obtained from Mr Sulman, of Sydney. After considerable thought and enquiry a site was chosen which -bas great ad vantages, if it be not without some disadvantages which how ever are not insurmbun table. After - some delays the hon&e; was in a sufficiently for ward state to be inhabitatedlast September, and the experience of a long and severe sum mer has proved that the . material ised and the plans ^adopted . are .admirable for the climate, -and the house most convenient for its purpose. Nor does there seem any rea son to tear that cold will , not be excluded. The cost of purchasing the land (21 acres), fencing and building will have amounted when all-is paid to nearly £6000, of which more than half has been borrowed at 7 per cent from tlie -Bank-of-New South -Wales. The Council has thought right that the fivnod should pronounce upon tlieir action and determine upon the best way in whioh to reduce the loan and free from debt ^this great addition to the diocese, which ? rwi 11 always be a valuable property. Believing 'fully that the Synod will endorse the action of the' Council, and that the,t3iocese will realize' that it should do its part in providing a re \- sidenoe ^for the ijis^op. ®^e -willingly made myself ? responsible ,for the loan: which I pin. confident .jwill be „gradu out that my means to. meet 'the interest, are diminished to the extent of my contributions,' and that I rely ^ipon some prompt measures being taken to reduce the ' loan. But for tbe Jast-point mentioned, the position ieat least no worse than before, the interest . is not more -.than ,the -former rent paid, ^.nd.the accommodation :and com* fort are tenfold more. . I.mpstiexpress my warmest thanks , to the building committee for the pains they have bestowed upon the eabjest, and have pleasure in stating that Mr. Witcouibe who has . overlooked the work has shown the utmost enthusiasm in the whole business, :and that to him it is in? great measure. due that the house is the sric-: cess it has proved. v . The .outgoing oouucil At its January meeting ? expresaod the opinion .that it - was needful' to'obtain the i services ofan ©i^aate'iug secrotary forthe diocese, whose time ehould.be wholly, taken op in preaching, '^oldingineetingsrand can vasaing the diocese foreontributionfl toward dioceasBA objects. Suchan ooe.I am most desirous to obtain, aind -believe that -dwiug to the want of suich a clergyman much avail able money is lost to the church throughout the diocese because not applied fur. It will indeed be s happy time when all mem bers of our church voluntary contribute a fair proportion .of their income without waiting to be asked/ and count it a privilege to help iti tmakiug the church, to flourish in jneiiB8of^xtenfiing:bers£lf* and multiplying her power of -ministering to the souls of men This will be th& -5aBe, in proportion as each bidindiial^eSlizesliow hauoh God has given fn the gift , of His 'Son, and is ever giving in things pi 'nature. . ana,' ingrace, ? . The xjues tfon to ^he^cpfliMibnpe; will pe, fcofc. how little te&Tgive;,Vt \vfcy -hould I give, but rather how much shall I give, and why should I not give. THE CENTENNIAL FUND. While the Centennial 3?und lias not at tained to the proportion it was hoped that it would reach, a considerable sum has been raised. As the original scheme of raising a common fund for church extension was not adhered to by most of the diocese, the Board dotcrmined that each diocese should deal 'with the funds it had raised. The Sydney Board has lately made to thisr diocbse the offer of £500, -^i the condition - that on equal sum be raised iri it'durlng the current year, and the' united £1000 be invested, its interest to' be for permanent use in the diocese for church extension. This offer the finance committee ''thought it fight to &ocept;, and the council has since approved of this course. Our Synod, which in 1888, declared. the schemc of the Centennial Fund to be a wise and comprehensive measure, and tbat tbe object of the fund .should be commended to the parishes throughout the diocese, -will no dount consider that no other cause was open, and that our immediate business must be to secure the sift. - A motion to this effect is upon the business paper. .With regard to the motions which are upon our business paper with respect to a mission to Chinese in our midst and to New Guinea, I . desire to have the voice of tbe Synod, expressed ; not that I doubt, for a moment what that voice will be, but that tlie position of the church in these enter prises ' may be a strong one. Two ot the clergy in' the diocesc have felt much the fact that there are larger camps in their parishes, and that nothing lias been at present done in tbe way of bringing the Gospel to them, while they have vividly brought before them certain viceB of the nominal Christian and are gaining harm tlfeteliy. A suitable Chinese Catechist and well trained, oan be'now^ngagedat'a salary of £100 per annum. His work would be principally in Narandera, where the largest camp exists, and in a less degree in Hay, and perhaps Deniliquin. I have applied to the Church Society of Sydney for a grant of £25, and to the Australian Board of Missions for £25 annually. Unless wc get some help thus, or by tbe support of snch sums by one or two individuals, I fear tTie enterprise must drop; but with that- assistance we ought to be able to manage the remaining £50. The other mission work of the church which will be ? brought before us is that to New Guinea, which' has been take a up by the Australian portion of the Church of England as its special object-1 of interest in obedience to our blessed Lord's parting charge to His church ' Go and make discipleB of all nations, n and to which is attached the promise which we have no right to .claim — though it is .sometimes done — unless we obey the command, 'Lol am with you all the days, even unto .the epd of the world.' How important obedienoe to His command and -the inheritance -of the promise is we may at once see when we consider that without His presence ueither church, nor sacrament, nor priesthood, nor ordinance has any worth or force at all. He knows all things, and knows tho struggles of au infant diocese Buch as this, with the manifold difficulties which exist and' meet the church at every turn, and He is not, unreasonable; but He may expect us to do what we can, that we shail believe what He says, and that we shall show that we are desirous of His presence on which all depends in order to glorify Him. He has set us a noble example of unselfishness and thought of others besides ourselves, and the Church as well as the individual is to take Him for its pattern and example. And, for myself, I am bound to say tbat I believe that wc shall see far greater blessing upon our work among emigrated Europeans and the native born Australians if our lives are carried on in obedience to our Divine Master. It is on this account, and what I believe to be tbe highest motives of all, that I desire to have the expression of opinion from our Synod on the motions' which are upon our business paper with regard , to tbe two missionary subjects. THE LORD'S DAY. Believing firmly in tbe Divine institntion of this day, and that its observance as such brings blessing in proportion as it is observed, and that the failure to observe the day brings immense loss in its train. I cannot but notice with pain how much the day is disregarded, and how much this has to do with the irreligion which is too common in our midst, and the gradual declension in the religious Ijelief and prac tice in those who/have known and done better in the past. I therefore take this occasion to dwell upon some of the reasons which should cause the day to be observed religiously, and not to be used solely as a day of rest and recreation forthe mind and body. One day in seven was reserved for rest of body and communion with Hini from the beginning by God the Creator, who knew our frame after making it, and who knew what the whole man, body, soul and spirit needed for health And happiness, for he has pleasure in the prosperity of his ser vants. God, who appointed the seventh day in the first instance, might for sufficient ? reasons -change the day to be observed. The birthday of His Son from death, tbe re ap pearance of the Son of Righteousness from His temporary- setting, was sufficient reason. So great an event as this greatest of miracles — tne resurrection of Jesus -Christ— ought to be marked through all time, and God has marked it; and it is one of the most re markable proofs of the Resurrection that this day onward was jased 'by the Christian Jews and Christian Gentiles forappreacheB to God in the breakingof the bread, prayer, praise and preaching. Again ' God I marked the day by sending fifty days later on the Sunday the Holy Ghost as Jesus Christ had promised, whereby the apostles were enabled to .go with a courage aud power unknown before, and .witness to their risen Lord and the power of His resurrection. . These facts .must give, a .character to the 4ay consider ing that their power lias in no respect ceased. It wfts on the first day that _ God began His creation. _ The day tells of God a creator, i a redeemer, a sauctifier, the God . that e&Qfc; soul -of man needs, and to whom he owes all,, whose' he is and ivhom he ought to serve. Must it not be likely that if that God ifl foiv gotten upon thatdavHe will be forgotten uring the remaining six : -and is it not likely that the whole of the ufe will bcoome -lower: -in-.ntB ttotiVe~Biid its practice and the happiness decrease ? If God ,4-e specially approached on the 'Sundays | Christ, perfectlyholy,fuU,of Jove to and care for man in all his higbest Interests be dwelt upon, is it not likely .that regard for . Himana His goodwill for us will . result in .the desire that whether we eat or drhilc or whatever we'dotodo all to His glory,' i. e. in love to Him and ia love toward, nur fellow men .ana the desire to do good in our day and generation and help forward the right and the true? And wilt- not thus personal hap pineis and tliat of others be the more advanced ? So will each Lord's' day render usthemore fitted for the great day bf the ! -Lord. I would encourage each bead of a 1 family and bf every establishment to exer cise the priesthoodhe possesses, and lead all around 4nm who will do so, in -prayer,' praise aud meditation, where-there .are no churoh services. Ab tothe details of Sunday observance, they must be left to 'each cr edence -to pttide in the 'circumstances in which he lives, provided that the -great Christian principles -of the tlay he remem-' bered-as giving their color aha tone -ia'the details.; ? ?; - » ; ? THE UNION OF CHRISTENDOM. The union of Christians has been. much before our church for some years,' and it is much to be desired ; but like the federation of the colonies, which perhaps we may see iu our life time, it is a matter to be desired and prayed for, but which cannot be forced or brought into existence until Christendom is.ripe for it. . Meantime, while wo value . our own Church of England, and hold to' her and her principles as & precious inheritance of these centuries of the Christian era;. and believe that Gdd' has yet a .great work, for her, let us never be blind to -the fact that' Christianity 'is not her sole inheritance. Saints are made in other bodies besides our own. Men, women and children are led to purity, honesty, courage and self- sacrifice in other communions as well as this. Christ iB manifested in the lives oi others as well as in those of English churchmen, and if we come to think of how much of Cliristianity will be noeded when the naked soul is about to leave the tabernacle of the body in death, ; we shall probably come to tbe conclusion that there is little, if any, difference between whdtt they need and what we need, Such considerations will help to make us very careful in our language about and conduct toward those Christians who for one reason and another, ofton through accidental circumstances over which they have had; little ^control, are connected with other bodies than our «wn,' X»et' us value the truth ' wherever we find it, and * value Christ-likeness in whomsover it is seon. And if we love our own church lest, let each show that this is the case by serving Christ and imitating Him most of all. OHB1BTIANITY AND ITS CRITICS. Tho Christianity, of to-day. receives a large amount of criticism in the literature of tho day, some of which is reasonable, some un reasonable. We must honestly confess that at times there .have been presented opinious which are not fundamental doctrines of the faith, although they stood upon the same footing as those fundamental doctrines. This has had the effect of shaking the' belief of men in the ChriBtiau faith, when they find that some part of what they have l-eten taught to believe is simply a human addi tion. It is therefore most important for us all, and those who are teachers especially, to be most careful to refrain from demand ing acceptance for auy doctrine .which is not an essential part of the Christian faith. On the other hand, science has had frequently to retract opinions, which, with more infor mation, have been found to be false, and this. in regard to points where, science has been supposed to beat variance with Chris tianity. Where science seems to be at variance with Christianity, and therefore claimB to disprove any part of Christianity, we must reply that we will wait until scicnce has learned yet more, and has proved her points. Many a science is yet in its infancy, and has yet much to discover ; all honor to those who use tbe powers God has given them to search out truth, and wc who value.1 Christianity must be glad to learn what we do not know, and to advance in the knowledge bf truth ; but certainly wc can never believe that Christianity aud science are really at variance, if from a partial knowledge they may seem at times to be so. Of science, aB well as of literature, it may be said that 11 they have much to teach us but they can never take the place of Christian ity. Neither one nor the other can ever offer a substitute for Christianity. They rarely recognise the struggle between sin and holiness in human nature ; they scarcely allude to the need or : existence of external help ; they place their centre iu man, and not above man ; they give little guidance ; they give no fresh power j they recognise self-sacrifice as a beautiful thing, perhaps even as the one condition of fruitful work ; but they give no help, no power, no faith out of which alone self-sacrifice springs ; they save no souIb from the dominion of evil ; they ignore that conver gence of conviction which forocs upon us the thought of God as our Father, our Ruler, our judge ; they cannot deal with faith in Christ and the fresh powers and hope that human nature, panting for laok of God, got- from the touch of Christ the Saviour. ' (Rev J. M. Wilson, English Church Congres, '89). Nothing then can take the place of Christianity, and we may, as the Synod of the Church, unitedly work and go each to our individual sphere of work, conscious that we have a something even more impor tant than literature and science much as we value them, and which will throw a bright light on both, and also enlighten us where that is out of their power. Mr. T. Robertson the Chancellor of the Diocese moved that the thanks of. the Synod be given to the Bishop for his able, interesting, and sympathetic address, and that the same be printed and circulated. The Rev. Mr. Iiolt seconded the motion Mr. F. R. Godfrey made some remarks with reference to the abandonment of the' j idea of holding a Conference in Melbourne ! in tlie spring* the Bishop of Melbourne thinking it would be too much of a tax i on the bis*hops. He also pointed out that be thought it hardly the duty of the clergy to keep -the roll of parishioners, but thought the duty should devolve upon the | lay' officers of the church. He cordjally I supported the motion, whioh was put and carried. ? The Bishop replied thanking the mover for tho kindly remarks he had made. The Hev. Mr.^Holt proposed and the Rev. Mr. Pnfchard. seconded that the Rev. Mr. Yerso be clerical secretary and Mr. Donaldson, lay secretary to the Synod The Hevs. Messrs. Pritchard and Thwaits and Messrs. Whitehead and 'Garvin, yere appointed an election and qualification committee. Mr. F. R. Godfrey was elected chairman of committees. : ? After a number of notices of motion had been giveo, the Synod adjourned. [The remaining portion of Synod report is left over for want of space ] ? 