SYDNEY GOSSIP. [BY "MAB."] Society is still desperately idle. We fickle, pleasure-loving mortals have been wallowing in monotony since my last budget was penned. Even the gentleman who is usually beautified by artists with horns seems bent on depriving us of a spice of variety by withholding the spirit of mischief he is accredited with portioning out to idle hands. A " lone born ' duel of events is the only dissipation worth recording, and their nature makes description willy-nilly brief as true Irish wit. Unfortunately, socialities unlike the original sermons of many learned divines, will not allow of expansion under six headings touched up with lastly, " in conclusion," and a few words of advice. First, I must, plead Lady Martin's beautiful white dinner, I never remember a more poetic banquet ; even greedy man, whose duty is supposed to be an extensive menu, was lost in admiration of the exquisite decorations. An ancient man of note who sat on my right, and who, from his Tiohbornian physique, might have sat for a label for pate de four grass, was quite oblivious to the charms of the first two courses, his soup was taken away untouched whilst he rhapsodies on the lovely banks of camellias, The room was draped with pure white Liberty silk that formed a background to curtains of snowdrops, snowy roses, and camellias. The table damask was almost hidden by flowers, all pure white, down the centre was a strip of white plush bordered with camellias. Fromjindor these cold offspring of nature came a fringe of snow > drops ; the same pure things wreathed each plate, roses gave life to the great epergne, each corner of the festive board was cut off by banks of white blooms, the china was J snow white, and looked on account of its quaint shape like now leaves. Whether ' this novel ware is meant to Imitate show is an open question, but the effect was there, and took my thoughts with a huge backward skip to the old English evergreens when winter paints them white. Most of the women were white ; one splendid frock was white silk embroidered superbly with crystal ; another had a similar adornment of pearls ; a white velvet train opening over a upon border, with ostrich feathers, was a third triumph. Talking of fashioning only happy hunting ground just now, the host of bright tempta- tions on view are simply bewildering, one longs to be the happy possessor of the self filling purees, made famous by Andersen of fairy-tale fame, so that our fill of good things might not be haunted by that trusty, objectionable personage, circumstances. I saw among a whole collection of " sour grapes " yesterday, two most delicious bonnets, either of which would act as " open sesame " to the admiration our sex is said to crave. One was a double wreath in horseshoe form, the first being cornflowers in a variety of shades of blue, from Indigo to the palest cerulean, the second was cowslips the dear yellow, sweet-scented English field flower, the rival to the luxurious concert was tossed up with a foundation of black and gold net in princess shape ; the edge was adorned with a fringe of gold and black beads drooping over the hair, and the 01 own was covered with loops of yellow ribbon, velvet dandelions und stowaways, quite the latest Wcu in artificial blooms. The very loveliest bats on exhibition are the new straw gems, delightful were things of soft flexible straw, the brim is even narrower than their hard predecessors, but the crown differs altogether from the head receptacle peculiar to the defunct gem insomuch as it juts out, leaving a recess something like a baby bow-window, which is filled up with a ribbon bows and a wreath of flowers. One of these dear little concerts in my possession has a wreath of fairy yellow roses and canary loops. The very name of style s found in the orownlcBB huts, in lace straw, with a circlet of white or coloured ostrich tips, where the crown is absent on leave. The flowers this year are just as natural as though growing. The tomboy children of nature, or wildflower!, as everyday humanity is wont to call them, are perfection. I think the queen of the flower hats I have seen was a Buuucr shape, formed of wire covered with green tulle, which in its turn was veiled with the finest black lace. On the very top was a cluster of tinted roses and faded foliage. Another confection, almost as good in effect, was a large brimmed blue chip mounted on a coronet of red velvet. A bow of the same re- posed on the exaggerated low crown, which was also beautified by a bunch of drooping fuchsias nestling in a fluffy mass of fine black French lace. The most unique ideas of the season are the shot gloves ; everyone can have a handful of gold for 5s. 6d. The dark brown and black kid show golden lights ; the navy and grey emit crimson streaks. How this result is' acquired is a conundrum. I don't ache with admiration of I hose novelties. The fact of taking a brown hand in yours, and to see it suddenly turn gold in your palm is more quaint than picturesque. Spot veils will probably be the next venture. Imagine the pang it will cost one's vanity to see the delicate retrousse or Grecian tip of one's poor dear rose suddenly flush crimson, purple, pink, or deep rich gold. I had almost forgotten to tell you about the second entertainment at which I delicately hinted in my preface. This " smart doing " was got up by six society girls at the Elite Rink. The axis on which society revolved in gay raiment was a " dumb drama " in magnificent fixings. The first scene showed " Mary, Queen of Scots " in the zenith of her beauty surrounded by her courtiers, great women and noble men, all splendid in purple and fine linen, to say nothing of a glass e of diamonds. Though no word was spoken, the scene, by gesture and facial expression, spoke of the gaiety of a luxurious court. The next scene showed "The Four Marks" on shipboard. The exiled, Queen stands by the rail of the ship with her arms extended in mute piteous farewell to her beloved France, her face full of agony. Her companions stand apart, showing in their attitude their pain in their Queen's sorrow. Suddenly BIll turns to them, and, by gesture, Bpcnks. They gather closely round her. Then, suddenly, through the pain on her face, a smile breaks, She extends her hands ; they kneel by her, and the curtain falls on the tableaux, which tells of the comfort brought through her. maidens love and sympathy to the forlorn Queen. Last came the execution. Mary of Scotland j in her sombre traU¡ng^vol>««,--thc~nea'clsmau, the block, the maids stricken with grief. All details are gone through in dumb show. The Queen presents from her person trinkets to her loved followers. who receive them with gin ref stricken faces, she takes the kerchief from her neck, kneels by the block, and as her fair head is lowered the curtain falls. I shall never forget the weird effect of this strange show. One could have heard a whole packet of pins fall. I could almost imagine myself watching the ghosts of dead and gone times. The feeling was intensely uncanny ; it was almost with a shiver of delight I welcomed the stir and bustle of criticism that followed. As soon as the actors appeared clothed and in their right mind, dancing became the order of the night, and in treading the light fantastic the ghoulishness of the dumb drama was forgotten. The ss station frock was a pale green, just the faint far away colour seen sometimes at sunset, a shimmering, clinging silk quite plain, opening Grecian fashion up the right side over a panel of blue ostrich feathers ; the corsage was finished with a stomachs of turquoise, the coroner, necklet, and bracelets were of the same dreamy mystic hand stones. It is only when seen in quantities one realises how becoming they are. A pretty dark girl with a warm olive skin looked beautiful in buttercup silk with girdle, coronet and armlets of garnets. Several pretty women wore their hair in two long plaits. The fashion was introduced by a charming German girl who has been for some weeks the guest of one of our society leaders. The Fraulein herself is a perfect prototype of Marguerite, her hair is the dead gold which no dye can produce, her colouring perfect, and her eyes a liquid well of mischief. One of her "fashion followers" must have at least suffered from 36in. waist measure, with all further anatomy in proportion. 