THE DESTITUTE DEPARTMENT. If there is one tiling more than another to which the 18S9-90 report of the Desti tute Department testifies it is to the fact that South Australia has rapidlv -rot over the depression from which it was suffering a little while ago. Were it not for the strike there would L-s some justification for the opinion that the industrial cordi tion of the province was of the happiest kind. The statistics given are of the most gratifying character. They bear evidence to improvement all the way round. They show that destitution has greatly decreased. This circumstance the taxpayer will hail with acclaim and the philanthropist with pleasure. Tiie total number of persons relieved in ths whole of the colony during the year was 4,221, being a decrease of 921, or 17£ per cent., less than the number relieved within the previous twelve months, ard giving a very close approximation to the decrease of last year on the 1887-8 returns, which was ISf per cent. During the year 1886-7 the number relieved was 7,924, compared with which last year's returns show a decrease of 44'90 per cent. The number relieved during the year 1887-8 was 6,328, and in the year 1888-9 the number was 5,142. It will thus be seen thac the need for relief has become sensibly less year by year. To every 1,000 of the population the number relieved last year gives a ratio of 15'C0, as compared with 29*34, the ratio for the year 1886-7. The cost of relief per head of the population was Is. 2d., as compared with Is. 6|d. during the year 188G-7- The number of unemployed shows a decrease of 64f percent, as compared with the previous year. The total expenditure for the year was £18,701 19s. 2d., being a decrease on that of the preceding twelve months of £2,299 14s. I0d., and compared with that of three years ago a decrease of £5,481. This is eminently satisfactory, and it is to be hoped that the healthy tendency of things to which it points will continue. Of admissions to the Destitute Asylum during the year there were 244, being less by 8 than the number for the previous year. The nurrber of persons remaining in the institution on June 30 was 355, being a decrease of 5 on the figures of twelve months ago. The number of deaths has been 59, as against 62 the year before. The ages of 45 of the deceased inmates exceeded 60 years, 9 having died between the ad vanced ages of 80 and 100 years. Of the present inmates 90 were Bent to ihe Asylum from the Adelaide and other Hospitals, -Shaving been discharged as incurable. Why this practice of sending incurables' to the Destitute Asylum is continued it is very difficult to imagine; . .T£e, place was never intended for any such purpose, and it is not at all suited to the demands thus made on it. There were 743 admissions to the casual ward during the year, as against 1,102 for the year ended June 30, 1889. In many cases the same individual has been afforded accom modation at different times during the year. The authorities appear to have considerable difficulty with a class of men who are described -as of the truly vagrant type. ; These men, it is said, prefer anything to honest labour, and were it boI; for the stern rebuffs - with which their . applications for shelter are sometimes met they would present themselves every evening for admission with the regularity of clock work. This is admittedly a difficult class of persons to deal with. But strict enforcement of a practice that seems to prevail in Melbourne would no doubt 'befy followed with good results. There alter men have been noticed loafing about the streets for a few days they are warned off by the poliee, and if caughtoffendingagaln they areatonce taken into custody, and charged with vagrancy. The Board defends the dietary scale in force in the institution and the system of relief iiat obtains in the colony. It does not consider alteration neces sary. Special diet is supplied when ever and wherever the medical officer recommends it; and the Board thinks that as far as possible the same system of relief should prevail throughout the colonies, in order that there may be no inducement for people to migrate from one colony to another because of better treatment. The expendi ture under the head Destitute Asylum has been £4,617 6s. lid., be'ng a decrease of £257 3s. lOd. as compared with that of*the previous year. The average number of inmates has been 321, as against 340, and the average cost per head per week has been 5s. 6jjd. The number of admissions to the lying-in department during the year has been 47, as compared with 62 during the preceding year. The number of confine ments numbered 46, 41 being of single and 5 of married women. Thirty-four women with their infants left during the year, thirteen of the number having entered service, and fifteen having been taken by relatives. Of the thirty four infants who left with their mothers three have since died, two of them with licensed foster mothers. The weekly cost per head of the inmates of this establishment has been lls. 2|d., being a decrease of 3d. on that for the previous year, the average number of inmates being one less and the actual expenditure being less by £41 16s. 6d. The number of licensed foster-mothers on June 30 last was 43\. Children with foster-mothers during the year numbered 109. The mortality table shows ihe number of deaths to have been thirty, as against thirty-two during the preceding twelve months. The death rate of illegitimate children is largely in excess of that of children born in wedlock. A word about country relief must be added. The system of enquiry instituted in the country districts a short time since appears to work with the most beneficial results. Nevertheless there is still need for reform. Although great assistance is rendered to the Board by authorities in districts where the Board has no re presentative, unnecessary recommenda tions for relief are made, sometimes through an unwillingness to ask the applicant many questions, and some times through sympathy being aiirvn-pfi tn nvp.rrirlft liulormGTif'- Onfi word more. Last year we complained of the bad grammar by which the composi tion of the report was marked. It is only right to acknowledge that this year the report shows decided improvement in this matter, although it is not abso lutely beyond reproach. 1UNCHEON TO THE MeMDEBS FOB MOUNT Bakkeb.— The membera for Mount Barker (Dr. Cockbnrn and Mr. A. H. Landseer) have accepted invitations to a luncheon at Echunga at 1 p.m. on September 5. A few trees will be planted on the same occasion in celebration of the local Arbor Day. A Sevexth Mimster. — Notice will be given by Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P., in the Assembly next week of a proposal to amend the Consti tution Act by providing for a seventh Minister having a seat in the Legislative Council or the Assembly, but preferably in the former ; for the separation of the Northern Territory De pertment from the Education Office, substitut ing a new Department of Mines ; and for the combination in the Department of Minister c Education of a new portfolio of Agriculture. The Town* Clerk.— We are glad to hear that Mr. T. Worsnop, Town Clerk, who has been seriously ill, has recovered sufficiently to be able to return to the office, but he is still very weak. The Queensland Border Railway.— The Commissioner of Public Works has ordered that an examination should be made of the country between Farina, Leigh's Creek, and the ranges to the east in order to definitely settle what will be the best starting point and the best location for the first part of the proposed railway to Innamincka. Mr. Greenland, who was engaged for the Transcontinental survey by the late Government, returned to town on Saturday, and was dispatched on Tuesday in charge of the party who will be engaged in the work referred to above. His report will be submitted at as early a date as possible. Resuming Land m the West.— On Thurs day the Government decided that ihe Com missioner of Crown Lands should give instruc tions to the Surveyor- General to report imme diately on the amount of country held under annual lease north and west of Fowler's Bay with a ?view of giving notice of resumption for the purpose of cutting it up into smaller blocks. The Therapeutic Use op Cobra Venom.— From F. A. Perroux, Cooper's-lane, Calcutta, we have received a letter in printed form deal ing with the curative action of cobra prison in cases of cholera. The letter is a copy of one forwarded to the Surgeon-General of the Marine Hospital Service, Washington, U.S., America. Mr. Perroux goes at length into the subject; his idea being that the worst cases of cholera can be cured by cobra poison inocula tion. It is practised in India by a few men who guard their knowledge as a precious secret. The usual custom is to make an incision on the upper portion of the arm, and to introduce into the cut a few drops of a liquid holding cobra poison in solution. Cobra poison, when thu3 hypodennically introduced, is supposed to re place the animal venom lost by the blood (and localized in the bowels) during the choleraic state, and thus to enable the system ' to resist the privation of the liquor sanguinis,' which if permitted to ebb away unchecked would cause the blood so to thicken as to be no longer capable of supporting animal life. Another Successful South Australian Student. — Amongst the. recent candidates who passed the final examination of tho Royal College of Physicians' and .Surgeons,. Edinburgh, and the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow was Dr. Arthur Edmund Shepherd, son of Mr. E. Shepherd, of Magill-road. Dr. Shepherd has had a most successful career, having obtained gold medals for chemistry, anatomy, and physiology, and was .also prizeman in medicine and surgery. We understand he is now practising in London, and shortly intends to return to Adelaide. China Traders' Insurance Cojifant. — We understand that the China Traders' Insur ance Company, whose subscribed capital is §2,000,000, paid-up 5600,000, reserve $050,000, and whose local agents are Messrs. Harrold Brothers, has declared a bonus of 15 per cent, on the net premiums for the year ending April 30 last to all contributors of busi ness, payable on arrival of coupons, and have carried forward to Reserve Fund $205,000, whish now shows §855,000 (£156,750). Public Trustee.— The Government Gazette this week publishes a return of balances in estates under charge of the Public Trustee on June SO last The total amount is £90,G32 18s. lOd. The Weather in the Gulp.— Theweather in the Gulf (writes our shipping reporter) -was extremely fierce on Thursday night. During the day the wind was light and variable, but towards sunset the -horizon to the westward became very threatening. Shortly after 6 o'clock a furious storm broke in full force, a strong gale, accompanied with heavy squalls, blowing from the west. The weather was ex tremely dirty, and the work of boarding the steamers not only risky but decidedly uncom fortable S.A. Caledonian Societt.— The S. A. Cale donian Society held their first smoke social in the Albert Hall cm Thursday nighti, . and in spite of the inclement weather a large number of members present. The programme of vocal and instrumental music -was most en joyable. Mr. Aloyaus Macdonald (Chief of the Society) presided. Death op Mrs. Thomas Neilu— -Another of our pioneer colonists has pass: i away in the person of Mrs. Thomas Neill, of Hackney, whose death is announced in another column. The deceased lady, who was born in Paisley in 1802, came to South Australia withher husband and family in the Bficovery in 1839. Mr. Neill, who lived for some time in the city, was one of the first to settle at Hackney, and Mrs. Neill has resided there for the past forty years, sur viving her husband by twelve years. Her eldest son, Mr. John Neill, J.P., died hist January, and three sons survive, viz., Messrs. Thomas Neill, J.P., of Manoora, A. S. NeiU, Kailway Commissioner, and W. Neill, Manager of the Federal Bank. Mrs. Neill leaves also three daughters, Mrs. H. Hussey, of Hackney, Mrs. John Stirling, of Roseworthy, and Mrs. James F. Mellor, of Semaphore, and in the family there are thirty-six grandchildren and eleven great grandchildren. The mature age to which the deceased lady attained is another evidence that our Adelaide climate is not prejudicial to longevity. Death of an old Colonist.— Mrs. Thomas Roberts, who died at Narridy on August 17, arrived in South Australia with her husband and five children (three sons and two daughter-) in June. 1839, by the ship Sir Charles Forbes. Her husband (Captain Roberts) was the first captain of the Great Burra Burra Mine, and died at Golden Grove in 1858. The late Captain and Mrs. Roberts leave six sons and three daughters, seventy-nine firrandchildren, and forty-three great-grandchildren, all resid ing in Sonth Australia, except one son lately gone to Tasmania. Besides these dires'u descendants Mrs. Roberts leaves a brother (Mr. Sampson Webb, at Steelton), a sister (Mrs. James Harris, at the Burra), and a large number of nephews and nieces. Death of an Old Colonist. — Another old resident, Mrs. John Lawder, died at her residence, Woolnough-road, Exeter, on Thurs day, August 28. Mrs. Lawder arrived here in the Emily in August, 1849, with her husband, who died in November, 1887. Shortly after their arrival they settled at the Reedbeds and afterwards at Para HilL Of a family of nine there are six daughters sur viving and twenty-two grandchildren. Congress of the Agricultural Bureau.— The Commissioners of Railways have notified the Central Bureau, in answer to application made, that tickets will be issued from 16th to 20th September at single fare for return journey, available for one week, within a dis tance of 50 miles of Adelaide, and for one month for distances over 50 miles. Papers ara already promised by Professor Lowrie on ' A Criticism of South Australian Farming :' Mr. C. H. Hussey, ' Scope and Means Employed by State Agricultural Bureaux ;' Mons. L. do Flamare upon Vines, Viticulture, &c; Prospecting the MacDonnsll Ranges. — On Thursday morning a deputation waited upon the Minister of Education t') urge the im portance of thoroughly prospecting the Mac Donnell Ranges. The necessity for having the MacDonnell Ranges thoroughly inspected on a large scale was supported by several gentlemen, including the membera for the Northern Territory, who, although the country was more allied to the southern portion of the colony, they believed the people of the Northern Territory would be perfectly willing to pay a fair share of the prospecting cost. The idea of the deputation was that five or six parties, numbering in all about twenty-five men, should be sent up, and be under the immediate control and direction of the Government Geologist, whose central station should be the Ranges. The cose of the work, which would extend over twelve months, would be, it was estimated, from £8,000 to £9,000. In reply the Hon. D. Bews said ho was fully impressed with the importance of the subject. He would bring it under his col leagues' notice with a view to having something done. On Thursday morning the Secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands received the following telegram from the Government Geo logist at Alice Springs: — 'When is prospect ing party likely to start? Advisable not start until rain falls. Could do nothing at present.' The Commissioner of Crown Lands hns not re turned to town yet, but as the rainy season does not begin in the Ranges until about Christmas-time it is not likely that the party will be sent away much before that. Australia v. Staffordshire. — On Thurs day the Australians started their thirty-third match in England, their engagement on this occasion being with tho county team of Stafford. This match was one of those arranged after the arrival of the visitors in England, and possibly after the critics had found the measure of the Australians, for their pre sent opponents can scarcely be called fir3t class. In crieketing-books they come within the definition of ' other coun ties,' that is outside the select palo of the premier counties, and last season their record -was not a particularly good one, for out of eleven matches they won 3, drew 7, and lost 1, their defeat being by Somersetshire, whilst their wins were against Lincolnshire, Warwickshire, and Cheshire. Extension of the Patneham Tbamwat. — During the past few weeks the work of extend ing the Payneham tram through East Adelaide has been completed, and on Thursday the formal ceremony of declaring the line open took place. At 1 o'clock three special care left the city, conveying a large number of influen tial citizens along the line to the junction with the old line at the Maid and Magpie Hotel, where Mr. C. Willcox, the proprietor of the tramway, asked Mr. J. C. Bailey, the Mayor of St. Peters, to declare the line open for public traffic. This he did in a few remarks, in which he referred to the pluck and energy of Mr. Willcox, who, singlehanded, extended the line, and he trusted that his enterprise would meet with the success which it merited. Cheers having been given for the owner the trams proceeded on their way along the new deviation, which traverses Baliol and Rugby streets, Harrow-road, and Fourth-avenue, and then rejoins the main line by going along Winchester-street. The new portion of the line has been well laid, and the cars ran remarkably welL Arriving at the sheds in Payneham ja little before 2 o'clock an adjournment was at once made to the tramshed, which had been specially decorated with flags and bunting of all descriptions, whilst the walls were adorned with large banners with the word ' Welcome' printed on them. Here a company numbering about 150 people, and comprising members of both Houses of the Legislature, His Worship the Mayor of Ade laide, Aldermen and Councillors of the City Corporation, the Mayor and some of the Councillors of the Corporation of St. Petera, and representatives of the Payneham anc Campbelltown District Councils sat down jto an excellent repast, provided by Mr. Beach in his usual complete manner. After the appetite of the visitors had been satisfied, at the call of His Worship the Mayor of Ade laide (Mr. L. Cohen, M.P.), who presided, the loyal toasts were honoured. Mr. C. H. Goode, in proposing the ' Parliament,' took oc-casion to make a few complimentary remarks about it, and these the Hon. J. H. Gordon, in a humorous Bpeech, acknowledged on behalf of the Legislative Council, whilst Mr. T. Saherk, M.P., did similar duty for the House of As sembly, and in speaking .'of the enterprise of Mr. Willcox said that men who laid out their money in a way that would tend to improve any district deserved to succeed. The Chair man in tendering the toast of the gathor ing, 'Success to the Payneham and Para dise Tram Company,' referred to the fs-;t that Mr. Willcox was, he be i:evcd, the only man in Australia who po-xessed an Act of Parliament to enable him to carry on the operations of a TraTn Company. He highly eulogized the enterprise and shrewd energy of the proprietor, who, he declared, merited all the success it was possible to obtain. The sentiment was greeted with musical honours. '- Mr. Willeox, in reply, spoke of the period in the history of the tramway when he and the late Mr. Everard took over the control of it. So confident were they of its stability that they at once gave the public every i*gdncen-ent to travel, and ho had never had occsSpn to regret taking charge of the line. ThSi extension of the system through East Adelaide would bring about increased prosperity to the district. Indeed, there were already signs of it. He tha- iked them for their presence. The Hon. J. L. Parsons, ?whilst asking the company to drink to 'The Mayorand the Corporat;on of St. Petere, ' spoke of the ?wonderful improvement which had been made in the place during his absence from the colony. To this the Mayor of the district (Mr. J. C. Bailey) replied. The toast of 'Visitors,' offered by Mr. Willcox and acknowledged by Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P., and Mr. J. C Wilkinson followed, and was succeeded by that of 'The Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors of the City Corporation,' tendered by Mr. Willcox, and responded to by the Mayor, Alder man Tomkinson, ard Councillor Slcctheway. After the toast of 'The Chairman' had been honoured the gathering broke up. Some of the party returned to the city, but the majority of them were taken out in the cars to Paradise, w'aerethey insprati the large and well-kept orangery of Mr. G. F. Ind, regarding which the many complimentary remarks that were made were well deserved. Cheers wore given for Mr. Ind before the party left for the city. ' COKNISHSIEN AND THEIR CHARACTERISTICS. ' — This was the title of a lecture delivered at the Town Hall on Thursday even!:- - V* 'Mr. R. Coad, the proceeds of which v.* ..-j ia aid of the Way College Fund. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Jrstice B.*-*-?^iit (the President of the Cornish Assorvi :;?-.?, under the auspices of which the lecturo was given) occupied the chair. Mr. Coad for nearly two hours dilated in a discursive and chatty fashion on the characteristics of the Cornish race, and by his humorous anecdotes and quaint expressions kept his audience in terested throughout. A short description of the geographical features of Cornwall was followed by detailed reference to the pecu liarities and virtues of its inhabitants, who, he stated, were true Celts, with a trace of Phoenician blood in their veins. That they possessed considerable inventive genius wa9 evidenced in such men as Sir Humphrey Davy Murdoch, whom he claimed as the inventor of the steam engine ; the Tangye Brothers, and others. As a rule Cornishmen were long-lived, although it was not surprising that a large number of those who were engaged in the mines died under fifty years of age. He instanced two or three cases oi natives of the country living for an ab normal time; aud referred at length to the temperate habits of the race. All Bible Christian ministers in Cornwall were teetotalers and non-smokera. The physical qualities of the sons of Cornubia were also extolled, the lecturer stating that one-third of the miners were saperior, while another third were equal, to any one in tho world. Cornishmen, like the Welsh and Irish, were, however, rather superstitious, and believed in ghosts and witchcraft. The domestic qualities of the women, and tho general philanthropy and benevolence of the rase, were also spoken of, and to instance the sobriety throughout the country Mr. Coad stated that the Mayor of St. Ives for two years was not called upon to deal with one \- use of drunkenness. As a rule the landlord of an hotel in wliich a man become intoxicated was punished for it. In South Australia, however, the laws were very lax, and it wa rot to be wondered at that drunkenness was to be seen. Local option without compensation was the principle which ought to be adopted here. Examples of the innate humour of his countrymen kept the audience in a state of merriment for some time, while the lecturer's remarks with regard to evangelization were attentively listened to. The singing of Cornish men was. he mentioned, very fine, especially at funerals, which were very impressive ceremonies. Thero was a gaol in Cornwall, but it was usually two-thirds empty, a fact to be attributed to tho prevailing temperance. He was proud that he was a Cornishman, and expressed the hone that no member of his race would do aught to blemish its reputation. Cheers for the lecturer, Chairman, and Cornwall terminated the proceedings. The Bullijioke Fund.— It will interest the many subscribers to the fund for Mrs. Bulli more to know that we have handed over tho total (£541 6s.) to Mr. W. J. Magarey, acting on behalf of Dr. Gardner and Mrs. Bullimore. The Late Dr. D. Kennedt.— On Thursday morning an inquest was held at the Pier Hotel, Glenelg, on the body of Dr. Daniel Kennedy, who on Tuesday morning took large quantities of chloroform and atropine, from tho effects of which he died after sixteen hours' suffeiiug. The Jury returned a verdict that decease J took the -poison whilst of unsound mind. Home fob Incurables. — The monthly meet ing of the General Committee was held at the* Church Office, Leigh-street, on August 28, Dr. Wylde in the chair. The Treasurer's state ment, showing receipts amounting to £76 103., was produced ; warrant for payment of monthly accounts amounting to £143 0s. lid. was passed. The Secretary reported two deaths since last meeting and two patients admitted ; present number of inmates, seventy-eight; twelve applicants passed for admission waiting vacancies ; also that tenders for new road and wall would be called for this week. Several applications were dealt with, two were passed for admission, and a number of others post poned for further consideration. The Building Committee reported that thej' had engaged the proffered services of Mr. A. J. Murray as architect, and produced plans for the proposed new building, which were approved. The circular letter from Professor Morris, of Mel bourne, referring to the proposed Conference on Charity, the consideration of which was postponed from last meeting, was discussed, and it wa3 resolved ' That the Rev. A. T. Boas with one of the following gentlemen be appointed to represent the Home at the Con ference, viz.: — Major-General Downes, Mr. C. B. Hardy, and the Secretary (Mr. J. H. Cun ningham).'*' A letter was received from Mrs. Cox, the Matron, tendering her resignation. It was resolved that the resignation be received, to take effect from December 1 next, and that advertisements be inserted calling for applica tions for the position. Accident on the Tramline.— An accident, which was near involving very serious conse quences, occurred about ten minutes before 4 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. One of thi- , Kensington tramcars was proceeding to Ade laide, when passing the north side of the Kent Town Brewery a buggy was seen approaching in the opposite direction, and on the wrons eide of the road. The trap wa3 driven by Messrs. Cowell Brothers' traveller, and wheu near the car his horse shied at something on the road, swerved, aud dashed with great force against the side of the tramcar. Tho horse's head smashed two of the windows, and a third was broken by the force of the collision. The shaft knocked a large hole in the side of the car, and even broke and splintered tho back of the seat inside. Mr. Heseltine, of Kent Town, had his neck cut by the broken glass, and a lady was slightly hurt in the back, and other] passengers had a narrow escape. The buggy noree fell down, and the trap was . somewhat injured. The driver expressed the - deepest concern at the damage done, especially to Mr. Heeeltine. 