HALLUCINATION, You ask me why I am- going to marry ? I can scarcelydareconfess to you the strange and inconceivable reason -which urges me to this insane course. I am going to marry in order not to be alone. I do not know how to tell it-how to make myself understood. You -will pity me and you will despise me when you know in what a wretched state of mind I am. I do not wanttobe alone anymore- at night. I want to feel some being near me, close to.me, a being that can speak,say something, no matter what. . I want to be able to rouse that being froif sleep, to be able to ask that being any question sud denly-even a stupid question, so that I can feel my dwelling is inhabited-so that I can know that a mind is awake, that a reasoningpower is atwoiek- so that, if I suddenlv light my candle, I can see a human face beside me-because- because (how dare I avow my shame ?)-because I am afraid when I am by myself I Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not afraid of any danger. If a man were to come in I would kill him without a shudder. I have no fear of ghosts; I do not believe in the supernatural. I am:not afraid of the dead; I believe in the total annihilation of. every lhuman being that passes away. Then? Yes, then! Well, I am afraid of myself! I am afraid of being afraid; afraid of the mental spasms that are driving me madi; afraid of the horrible sense of incom prellensible terror. Laugh if you please! It is hideous; it is incurable. I am afraid of the walls, of the furniture,: of familiar objects which seem to me'to become ani mated with a sort of animal life. Above all, I am afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the confusion of my reason which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. First I feel a vague disquiet that passes into my mind and makes all my flesh creep. I look around me. Nothing! :And I feel a need of something. Of what? Something incomprehensible. Then 1 become afraid, simply because I cannot comprehend my fear. I speak! I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then I am frighlltened by the unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, or inside the armoire, or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly well there is nothing in any of those places. I turn around suddenly because I am afraid of what is behind me, although there is nothing behind me, and I know it. I am nervous; I feel the scare growing upon me, and I lock myself into my room, and bury myself in bed, and hide my head under the bedclothes, and, cowering there, I slihuit my eyes in desperation, and thus remain for a seemingly ilfinite length of time, oppressed by the thought that my candle is still buroning on the little table beside the bed, and that 1 should really blow it out. And yet I dare not! is it not frightful to be in such a con dition? There was a time when I never felt this way. I used to go home feeling perfectly calm. I went out and came in without anything to trouble the serenity of my mind. If 1 had then been told whlst a stupid and terrible disease of fear-of in credible fear--would come upon me in after days I would certainly have laughed. I used to open the doors in the dark with perfect confidence ; I used to make my pre parations for going to bed quietly, without even bolting myself in, and I never tlhought .of getting up in the middle of the night to see if all the entrances to my room were strongly secured. The trouble began last year in a singuh.r way. It was in autumn, on a certain damp evening. When my llousekeeper had taken lier departure, after I had dined, I asked myself what I was going to do. For some time I walked up and down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed, ineapable of doing any work, lacking even the mental force to read. A fine rain was moistening tlhewindow panes; I was melan choly, all permeated by one of those cause less attacks of despondency which make you feel inclined to cry--which make aman want to talk to somebody or anybody in order to shake off the weight of one's own fancies. I felt lonesome. Never before did my dwelling seem so empty. An infinite anti heart-sickoning solitude surrounded me. What was I to do? 1 sat down. Then a nervous impatience seemed to pass into my legs. I got up and began to walk again. I'eraps I was also'a little feverish, for my hands, clasped behind my back, seemed to burn one another wlentlhey touched. Then a sudden cold shudder ran down my back. I thought that the outside dampness was entering the room, and it occurred to me that it would bewell to light a fire. I lit it, and 1 sat down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impossibility of re maining quiet in any one position forced me to get up again, and I felt that I would have to go out somewhere, to -stir myself, to find a friend. Iwent out. First I visited the houses of three different friends, no one of whom was at home; then I went on the boulevard, resolved to find some acquaintance or other. It was dismal everywhere. The wet side walks were shining. A watery lukewiu'lm ness-one of those lukewarnnesses whicll nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers -seemed to bear down over the whole streetand to make thile gas.jetsburn wearily and dim. I walked along sluggislily, saying over and over again to myself, " I won't find any body to talk to." Several -times I looked into all the cafes between La Madeleine and tlhe Faubouirg Poissonniere. Only miserable: looking people,-vho did not seem to have even vian euogh to finish what they had ordered, were sitting at the tables. I wandered about in this way for a long time, and about midnight I took my way ihoni. I was quite calm, but very tired. My concierge, who always goes to b~etl before eleven oclock, opened tile door for me at once, contrary to his usual liabit; and I thoughlt to myself, -"Hello! some other lodger must have just gone upstairs." Whenever1 go out I alway-s double look my door. Tlhis- time I found it simply iilled to, and tile fact impressed me. I thouglt that perhaps some letters might have been brought up-stairs during thie evening. I went iu. - My fire was still burning, even brightly enough to light up the apartment. 1 took tihe candle in order to kindle it at tlhe grate, when, as I looked right before me, I saw somie one sitting in my easy-chair, witli his back turned to mne, apparently warming his feed at thle fire. 1 was not startled at all-not the least in the w-orld. A very natural supposition occured to me, namely, tlhat one of ity friends lhad come to pay me a visit. The coclier!qe, to willhoin I lid giveninstrii'efions wheln went out, had naturially told thel visitor that I would soon be biack, and hlad lent him his own key. My friendl, whose Ilair .nlone I could see over the back of the chair, had evidently dropped asleep while waiting for my re turn, and I proceeded to wake him up. I then got a distinct view of him. IIis right arm hlung down; his feet were crossed one over the other, and the way hlis hlead drooped a little to tlteleft of the arm-chair, showed pglnly enough that ihe was asleep. I asked myself," Who is it?" The light iu the room was not strong enough to see per fectly by. I int out my lannd td touch his shoutler. My hand touchled'only the wood of the chair! Nobody was ther! Thle chair was empty ! Mercy! whlat a shock it gave me..First I leaped back as if some terrible peril had made itself visible. Thein I tirncd round, feeling tlhat somebody was behind me; then, almost as quickly, an imnpeative desire to look at that chair agtin made me whirl around a'second time, and I stood there panting with fear, so bewildered as to he incapable of thlinlking-on thle very pointa of-falliig, " But I am by nature a cool man,and my self-possession soon retuirned. I thought to myselff, "I have just hadas lssllucination thlat is all!" And I inmiediately began to reflect on the phenomenon. In such moments thle mind operates rapidly. I had hIad an hallucination--thlat was an incontestable fact. Now my mind had all tile time remained clear, performing its functions regularly and logically. There was consequently no affection of the brain. Thie eves alone lhad been deluded, and had deln(uh d my imagination. Tile eyes hlad a vision-one of those visions that make simple mindedt folk helieve in miracles. Iti was simply a nervous accident to thie optical apparatus-nothing miore; perhaips there was a slight congestion. I liglhted my candle. As I- bent down over thIe tire I found myself trembling, and I drew myself uip again with a sudden start, as if some one had touched me from behind. Certainly my nerves were out of order. I walked to and fro for a little while. I talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few airs. Then I double-locked the door of my room, and began to feel somewhat reassured. At all events, nobody could get in. Again I sat down, and for a long time I thought over my adventure. Then I put out my light and went to lied. For a few minutes everything seemed all right. I remained lying quietly on my back. Then. I felt an irresistible desire to look at my room, and I turned over on my side. My- fire held only two or three red embers, which barelylighted the legs of the chair ; and I thought I saw the man sit tingthere again. I struck a match quickly; butI had been mistaken-I could see noth ing. Nevertheless, I got up, took the chair and placed it out of sight behind my bed. Then I made everything dark again, and tried to go to sleep. I could not have sunk into unconsciousness for more than five minutes, when I saw in a dream, and as distinct as reality itself, the whole incident of that evening. I awoke in terror, and after striking a light, sat up inbed.without daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seized upon me for a few moments, in spite of myself. Twice I saw the same thing. I thought I had actually gone mad! \'When daylight appeared I felt completely cured, and took a peaceful sleep intil mid day. It had passed-entirely passed. I had had a fever, a nightmare, or something of that sort. I had been sick. Nevertheless, I thought myself very much of a fool. That day I was quite jolly. I dined at the cabaret, went to the theatre, anid then started for home. But, as I drew hear my house, a strange'feeling of uneasiness took possession of me. I was afraid of seeing him again -him! Not afraid of him exactly - not afraid of his presence in which 1 did not believe, but afraid of another optical trouble, afraid of the fear that would come upon me. For more than an hour I walked up and down the sidewalk. Then at last I decided that this was absolute folly, and I went in. I panted so that I could scarcely climb the stairs. I stood on the landing in front of my room for fully ten minutes more. Then, suddenly, I felt a rush of courage, a bracing up of will. I plugpged my key into the lock; I rushed forward with, a lighted candle in my hand; I kicked in the un fastened door of the room, and throw one terrified glance at the fireplace. I saw nothing. Al ! what a relief! What a joy! What a deliverance! I went to and fro with a swaggering air. But still I did not feel perfectly comfortable. I would turn round by fits and starts to look behinl me; the darkness in the corners of tihe roiom frightened me. I slept badly, being incessantly startled out of my rest by imaginary noises. But I never saw him. No-that was all over. ,Ever since that day 1 have been afraid to be alone at night. I can feel it there, close to me-the vision! It did not make its ap:earance again-oh, no! And what matter, anyhow, since I don't believe in it, since I know that it is nothing. Still, it annoys me, because I keep all the time thinking about it. One arm was ianging down on the right side; his head droppedl a little to the left, like that of a mlan asleep. Coome, that's enough of it. I don't want to think any more about it. And still, what is this feeling of being hlaunted? Why does it persist in this way? HIis feet were close to the fire. ]ie haunts me; it is madness, but it is so! Who is ihe? I know perfectly well that he does not exist--that it is nothing wshatever. Hle only exists in my apprehen sion, in my fear, in my anguish. That's enough. Yes, but it's no use for me to reason with myself about it-no use to try to birace up against it; I can't remain alone at home any more, because lie is there! I know I won't see him any more; lie won't show himself again. But lie is there all the same, in my thoughts. Blecause he remains invisible, it does not follow that lie is not there ! He is behind tihe doors, in the arm chair, and under the bed-in all tihe dark corners, in all the shadows. If I stir the door ever so gently so that it creaks upon its hinges, if I open my armoire, if I lower my light to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon the corners, upon the shadows, he is not there, but I feel" him behind me! I turn round, certain all tile while that I am not going to see him, that I shall not see him again. Ile is behind still for all that it is stupid ard atrocious What would would you have'me do? But if there were two of us together at hlome, I feel perfectly sure lie wounld not be there anysmore. lIe is there because I am alone. 