A TRUST BETRAYED. BY JOHN K. L1SYS. BOOK IL—AT ulS MERCY. CHAPTER 1.—(Concluded.) Wyatt was silent for a unnuteor two. " You •see, Mr. ?"—"Frost." put in the sergeant— " Mr. Frost, I like above all thinsrs to act on . the-square to any lady or gentleman who consults inein my official capacity," and Mr. Wyatt /drew himself up as if he had been a QueenV Counsel with a large Parliamentary j>r«ctio-. •' I 'ui sorry I can't give you any help i« tii o jifa.r. Why 7 you will naturally ask. liwau-* I'm in it .already. It may be the other .side—it may not. But till _ we know as its not the other Bide—as the barrister says of the prisoner when he's drawin' the long bow for hhii^my mouth is closed. Isn't that so, eerffeant!" "Quite so, Mr. Wyatt, and very honourable sentiments, too." "Noydoubt," said Frost, absently. " But if anythingjhould come to your knowledge, and if 'it.ohoiild be compatible with your"—the the ward stnok in .the,tnroat of the old lawyer's clerk.wfl&n; applied t&'.'auoh a very irregular practitioner—"your client's interests to give a VuntttyroBghmy friend the sergeant—welL there would be no harm done, and you would find that 'tihe information, if useful, would be properly remunerated." "No. harm in that, I'm sure, Sir; good morning, .Sir. Odd .that, now," pursued Wyatt to his friend, as Frost walked on. " It's omy'a 'week since a lady came to me, asking me to iind out the whereabouts of this very flirl. lt Peems she's under the care of the old lady's husband, and stayed with them till lately. I could see' at a glance that the old woman vras.-aa jealous as ugly—ill-natured women of her age generally are. I called at the place. You never saw such servants. I'm gom' again to-day* What I'm to say I'm sure I can't teD. Must you go? Good- day, then." Let us for the present follow Mr. Wyatt. He pursued his way on the top of an omnibus till he reached the neighbourhood of Old Hanwell-lane, and then he got down, and soon reached the door of Blackthorn House. "What a dungeon of a place," he ejaculated, as he entered the gloomy hall, and was led by an ahcient and silent housemaid into a small, half-lit room. He was not kept long waiting. " Well, Sir, have you any news for ma ?" said a harsh voice at his elbow. The enquiry agent started. His employer had entered silently by a side door. "No, ma'am, I can't say as I have. We traced 'em to the' first junction on the Great Western line—Swinden—and there we lost 'em. You see, ma'am, there's hardly anything to go by." " If I' had had anything to go by I should not have come to you." "Some men in my position would pretend they" had clues and draw you on and on, spending more and more of your money. I don't; I aay v/e can't do impossibilities." "The young lady's address must be found," said Mrs. Armini savagely. " I sh'd say, ma'am, that it lies more with you than with me." "How?—how? Only show me what I can do!" " Your husband knows where this young lady is staying?" "Of course." " And we know that he .has not been to see her at least within the last few days. That I can -assure you of positively. But in time letters must pass between him and the lady or gentleman she's staying with. Isn't that ciea*?" "Goon, Sir." " Does Mr. Armini keep an address-book?" " He tnay, but he locks it up if he does." " Does he post his own letters ?" "Yes, and takes them every morning from the postman himself." "Ah! Then the only thing I can think of is -to keep a sharp look-out on his waste-paper basket. You may laugh,, ma'am: but more things have come to light through that than through almost anything I know. He may burn'a letter, but ten to one the envelope goes into the waste-paper basket, and that may be enough for me. Wyatt now rose to go. " Send me by post any -scraps of paper you may pick up, no matter how small or unimportant. Good morning, ma'am." " What a fool that woman is!" was Mr. Wyatt's daily exclamation, as each morning's post brought a fine selection of fragments of waste-paper, addressed to him in Mrs. Armim's bold handwriting. " What can she thinlc I want with Pears' soap advertisements ? Not a scrap of anthing really useful—not even a torn envelojie. Mr. Armini is a prudent man—burns his old letters with his own hand." To .tell the tenth, Mr. Wyatt was fairly nonplussed; though it might not do to say so. He was not a step nearer discovering what had become of Constance Holt. "What I cannot understand," said Guy Oldridge one day to his friend, "is why Miss Holt doesn't write to me. I could easily understand her being prevented from posting a letter so long as she was living under Mr. Armini's roof, surrounded by his servants, and under the eye of that odious wife of his. But, living in the country, even under the surveillance of Armini's friends, she could surely set a letter slipped into the post-office somehow." "Does she know your present address?" asked Frost. "No; but some time 'ago I arranged that any letters for me which came. to my old lodgings in<Powell-streec should be forwarded. I called to enquire only ye&terday.; Nothing had come for me." "It is strange," said Frost, gazing into the fire. " My fear is that he has sent her abroad, far beyond our reach," said Guy, and his voice trembled as he spoke. "Don't give way; don't lose hope," said Frost, laying his hand on the young man's knee. "Even if he had done that she might hare found some way of sending us a message by this time." "Unless he sent heron a long voyage, perhaps to Australia." "Idon't think it is likely that he would care to send her so far away," answered Frost. " He would naturally prefer to place her where she could be under his own eye. "Sometimes I fear" said Guy, after a pause, and he stopped. " Frost, do you think —is it possible—there can be foul play ?" The young man's voice sank to a whisper, and his face grew as pale as death. •'No—no—no 1 ." answered Frost. "What motive can the man have which would compensate Him for so terrible a risk ? He knows you are waiting and watching him. _ To attempt anything like—what'is in your mind would be madness," " Yet an attempt was made on me." "True; I have not forgotten that. But I have always believed that that was in consequence of your threats to leave the Society. They believed that you might betray them at any moment, and thought it safer to get rid of you." "Then why have they not repeated the attempt ?" " Because your conduct at the Police Court — your refusal to hint at your suspicions, which they knew you must liave'had — convinced them that they were mistaken, and that they had re^Uy nothing to fear from you. — No ; Armini may be a villain, but he is not such a fool as to risk his neck so long as you are alive to'put the police in motion." Guy rose, and walked to the window. They were sitting in Frost's lodeings near Old Hanwell Lane, where he was still living. It waB a bitterly cold November night. A shower of sleet rattled against the panes, and the wind howled dismally in the chimneys. At that moment a loud ring was heard at the door; and shortly afterwards a knock came to the sittingroom door. "Daft Davie" was ushered into the room. . Dazeledby the light, Davie remained standing at the door, and began fumbling in the breastpocket of his large, rough jacket, without answering a word to the greeting which he received. At length he produoed a letter and laid it-down on the table. . " There!" Baid he. It was a clean envelope, stamped and addressed, ready for the post. Guy quickly copied the address— "Dr. Richards, The Three Spaniards Hotel, Crown-street, E." while Frost said to the lad— " You got this to post, Davie?" "AT. The maister had a sair hoast, and didnalike to gang hansel'." "A sair hoast?" repeated Frost, utterly puzzled. "Ay, a hoast, jist a hoast," repeated Davie, with contempt, and he coughed loudly, to make his meaning clear. "Oh, I see." "Now, Davie, we won't keep you, or yon may get into trouble," said Guy ; "I will go along with you to see you post it safely." "If-that man Wyatt were in my place," said Frost, as he turned the letter round and round -in his hand, " he wouldn't be long of knowing a little more. I never felt inclmed to open another man's letter before. If I only had the least idea that this letter concerns us, I would do it now." " But we haven't a ghost of evidence as to that," said Guy, hastily. " It is one chance to twenty against us. Come along, Davie." " I'll try and find out something about this man tomorrow," said Guy, when he returned, as he laid his finger on the slip of paper on which he had copied the address from the doctor^ letter. "But I daresay he is only writing to a doctor to come and cure his cold."' •" I'm not so sure of that," said Frost, knitting his brows. "Why should he send to the other end of London for a man to do that ? * The Three Spaniards' Hotel' is not the sort of place, I fancy, where one would look for a ret-pectable medical man. Of course it is a very poor chance that, this will help. us. Still, it is a chance. We cannot tell what simple circumstance may give.us the clue we need." 