THE WEST MACQUARIE ELECTION. On Saturday night Mr. W. P. Crick addressed fully 3000 auditors from tho balcony of Chandler's Hotel. Mr. John Seage was voted to the chair, and hav ing introduced Mr. Crick, whose appearance over the balustrade was the signal for loud and continued cheering, that gentleman said before proceeding to deliver his address he desired to read a telegram he had received from Kiama, a city noted for the possession of a ghost who stood as a good friend to Parkes ..in times gone by. The telegram, addressed to the chairman of the meeting, read as follows: — 1 ' Sympathy felt here at the harsh treat ment Crick received ; trusting he will be re-elected. Read at meeting. — B. McGucken, junr.' He did not intend to traverse the ground which he went over in his speech at Perth the night before, but would ondeavor to give them something new, as he generally did. (Applause.) There were, how ever, one or two things to which he again wished to refer pointedly, as they were primarily the reason of his appear ance before his constituents at the pre sent time. Towards the end of his speech at Perth he said a few words about the kindness he had received at the hands of a particular section of the press, and he again desired to reiterate his grateful thanks to the freetrade repre sentatives of the fourth estate in Bathurst. The National Advocate con tained a very true and correct account of his speech at Perth ; so did the Free Press for the reason it copied from the National Advocate. (Hear, hear.) The Free Press had also had leaders in which it implored the electors of West Macquarie not to return him (Mr. Crick). That organ was always pro claiming respectability, and it was on those grounds it used its efforts to hound him down. One thing the Free Press did was to give him credit for having ability and having attended to the wants to the wants of the district. For a very good reason they did this as they felt there was a God would strike down liars. But for that ilioy would not have made the admission they did. (Hear, hear.) In the past the buzzing of the free trade organs of Bathurst around his supposed political carcase had not hurt him, for the reason that he never saw the papers. But being in Bathurst that day, and having nothing better to do, he was bound to say he wasted a consider able amount of time in wading through the trash which they ladled out to their subscribers. (Laughter.) The Free Press preached respectability. That was all very well ; but they ought to learn to practice what they preached before strik out on the lines they did. (Hear, hear.) He was not going to say anything about the Bathurst Times, because lie under stood the man on that particular paper was insane. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He was qu'te prepared to sympathise in | his very grave affliction. (Continued Laughter.) But since, by his recent emanations, it seemed he was allowed to be at large, and the authorities did not molest him and put him under re straint, it was reasonable to presume he was a sane man. (Loud Laughter.) He did not object to any paper criticising him so long as they put his remarks in juxtaposition with what they themselves said. But when they place before the public this collection of editorial tripe (holding up a copy of the Times) as a record of the Perth meeting, what was to be said of it for journalism. Journalism ! Why nothing but the lowest prostitutes of journalism would dare treat a man in that way. (Loud applause.) Especially when they admit he was on his trial beforehis constituents. The proper way, and the treatment which any respectable newspaper would give a man would be for them to publish his re marks, and then express any opinion they choose on their own account. But no, the. Times man choose to ' dish ' the meeting up in his own clumsy way, and it came to the public redolent with the fumes of ftetid tripe. The man who wrote for the Times was either a lunatic or a liar. (Hear, hear.) He said that he (Mr. Crick) endeavored to to misrepresent matters by confusing the two water supply bills.' He had done nothing of the sort. He dis tinctly stated all through the piece that the offers of bribery had been made in connection with tho measure known as J. P. Abbott's Bill, and nothing else. Yet, in face of that, this rag dared to say he had been careful not to identify tho bill, in order to mislead the public. The gravest complaint which tho same papers whined over was that in his speech at Perth- ho had not libelled anybody. In the past the complaint had been that he could not speak without libelling some body, and it was for that reason his retirement from Parliament had been demanded. To-day, because he had not done the very thing against which tho Times entered its feeble disclaimer, it complained in tho follow ing words : — ' [Since the above was written, Mr. Edmunds, like Mr. Crick, has proved himself a ?' cocktail,' for he has pleaded privilege as a bar to action, just as Mr. Crick was careful to make no tangible charge whereupon a libel action might be based.]' If he could only meet the man who had thus called him a cocktail he would make the samo individual cock his tail. (Uproar ious applause). A bag of fermented fat was not going to frighten him. (Con tinued applause and laughter). Because ho did not give them grounds on which it was possible to form an action for criminal libel should it follow that he was to bo called a cocktail 7 ('No.') IIo had his faults he lie knew, but thank God one of them was not dishonesty. (Loud cheers and cries of 'Have you got that down, Hanby?') It was often said to him that he should reply to the things that wero written of him, but if lie had to stop in his career in order to knock back every whining pup that came snarl ing about liis heels ho would never make any headway. (Hear, hear.) Ho could well afford to ignore the puny criticisms of the animated propstickf? that ran the Free Press, and the 'snarling and growl ing whelp on the Times. (Loud ap plause.) The provincial journals to which he referred wero worthy examples of the Sydney Press. He presumed ho was speaking to many who attended the Perth meeting, a meeting at which there was not the semblauce of disorder. Yet it turned out that the Bathurst cor respondents of the Daily Telegraph and Jlerald sent reports to that effect. In the Telegraph it was stated he made one of his violent speeches, the idea of him making a violent speech without con taining a libel. (Hear, hear.) His speech, which was fairly entitled to two columns, was boiled down to half a column. They did not mind giving two, or even three, columns iu writing any thing to. damn him, but when it was a question of giving him a fair show the space was not forthcoming. Not that he cared for their dirty rags. He would not truckle to any of them or crave favors at their bands, because he did not care a straw for ono of them. His power lay in the fact that ho would always justify the steps he took. (Hear, hear.) As had been said by a celebrated per sonage, give him the platform and he would not fear to meet the press. (Cheers.) The concluding portion of the report in the Telegraph said the meeting was packed with boys and non voters, aiid an expression of adverse opinion ^as impossible. After that it was impossible for that correspondent to tell the truth. He did not know what particular part of the infernal region was set aside for liars, but if he hap pened to be tlicre he knew one person lie would meet. (Hear, hear, and a voice : ' Bohibastes '') In connection with the vote for his expulsion, Mr. Crick said that if he cared so very much for 'the position lie held as a member of Parlia- . mcnt he could easily have retained his seat and avoided the expense and trouble of the present election by apolo gising. But he had no right to apolo gise as he was the insulted party, and he would not back down. (Hear, hear.) He made up his mind to see the thing to the bitter end, and, if necessary, he would do it again. (A voice : ' Got that down, Hanby?' Laughter.) He had Hansard to prove the veracity of his state ment of the case. Mr. Crick then lucidly detailed the whole of the facts connected with the farce which necessitated the present election. When the Speaker scut for him, after lie had been compelled to leave the Chamber, the House gave itself away by the Speaker assuring liim, in reply to Mr. Crick's question, that he did not return in custody of the Sergeant at-Arms. (Cheers, and a voice : 'You were the best man in the House.' 'JJlie Speaker asked liini if he had anything to say regarding his conduct, and lie asked where was the motion dealing with him. The Speaker said he would either have to make an explanation or retire, whereupon he said he would not be bullied by the Speaker, though he was a big man. (Cheers, and interjection from some fuddled individual in the crowd. Mr. Crick : 'I'll get you a stump in the. Doniaiu if you wish to speak later on. You are a great deal worse than I was in the House that memorable night.' Hear, hear). Referring to the conduct of J. P. Abbott on tho occasion, and the power he exercised on the night in question, Mr. Crick read the following extract from Hansard : — 'Mr. W. E. Abbott: I desire to take your ruling, sir, as to whether the lion, member for West Macquarie should not be heard in explanation or defence before tho resolution is finally put from the Chair 7 The Speaker: The hon. member for West Macquarie was afforded an oppor tunity to explain his conduct at an earlier period of the sitting ; but, instead of offering an explanation, he aggravated his offence by further disorderly conduct. When he saw what the Government ware about he baulked their designs by writing out his resignation long before he was expelled, an evidence of his being so idiotically drunk, as had been said, that he did not know what he was doing. (Cheers.) Ho knew enough to put tlieni in a predicament which ho would take the opportunity of referring to when he went back to the House after the Gth December. (Hear, hear, and ' You are going back despite Hanby and his bull pup.') The thing which he regretted most in connection with his expulsion was the loss of a month's salary. (Laughter.) By deferring the polling day till the Gth December, tho Govern ment hoped to get the Broken Hill Bill and the Estimates through. But in that ruse he thought they would 'be frustrated by an arrangement with a few friends of his in the House whom he could trust. The Estimates were the most scandalous ever attempted to be put through Par liament. In them it was proposed to make immense increases in the salaries of all the highly-paid officers, while at the same time a man who did an honest day's work got next to nothing for his labor, and numbers wero being dismissed on account of tho state of tho exchequer. On his return to the House (cheers) he intended to move a reduction in place of every increase of salary that was proposed. (Loud Applause.) Tho members of the House who would give evidence in the Commission of Inquiry re tho Broken Hill Water Supply Bill wero : Mr. G. R. Dibbs, Mr. Alexander Brown, and their humble servant (cheers), who would be the representative of West Macquarie after the Gth December. (Hear, hear.) It was no use Sir Henry Parkes saying that the Commission of Inquiry was not necessrry. It was abso lutely necessary unless Parliament were to become a disgrace and b3r-word for reproach. (Loud cheers.) The proper way for a man to clear himself of any charge brought against him was to dis prove that charge, and if a man did that how much more necessary was it for Parliament to act in order to vindicate itself. (Hear, hear.) The present election did not involve the question of freetrade and protection, but was ono against him self personally. (A Hibernian voice ; And bless you wherever you go.^lyir. Crick : I'll bet 3 to } your a Frcnphinan. — Loud l,aug)itcr.) The whole question at issue was whether tho electors of West Mpctjuarie considered lie wag fit to hold a scat in the Parliament of this country 7 (Yes !) If not, it was their plain duty to put in his opponent, whoever ho was. (Cries of : We'll put you in and we won't.) On that question tho electors had to look at him as he was altogether. They could not take one night of his conduct or one single act on which to base their judgment. (Hear, hear.) When he last sought their suffages he was opposed by the strongest man that could be brought out, Mr. Wise, an ex Attorney-General. On that occasion Sir Henry Parkes said that if they returned him they would return a man who would be a scandal to the country. The other night, after two years' experience of him, Sir Henry Parkes spoke of him in the highest possible terms of praise. Then came his act which culminated in the necessity of an election. It was for the electors to put his conduct of that night against the services he had rendered to tlie constituency since he entered Parlia ment. Who were his opponents at the presenttime? (A Voice: 'The Webb's.') Was it Mr. Boyd who was fighting him 7 Mr. Boyd was a man who had grown up in the district, and if his ambition lay in the direction of a political career, it was strange he did not seek to enter it long ago. The desire; for a political career was like the measles, it came on quickly. (Laughter.) No, Mr. Boyd was simply the nominee of men who dared not face him. (Loud cheers.) He was fighting not Mr. Boyd, but the Webb faction. (Continued cheering.) A collection of in capable beings who would not get returned for a municipal council in Timbuctoo — (cheers)— and whose characteristics were imbecility and unpopularity. (Laughter and applause.) Since they could not cope with him they looked round for soft things, and soft things they would find, even if it were a chicken. (Laughter.) But he was not going to be terrified by the array of empty skulls from Hathrop because they had a bit of filthy lucre. (Hear, hear.) He was thankful to them for being his oppo nents. If they were his friends he would be politically dammed. (A voice : ' They are now trying to kick the Corporation men out.' Mr. Crick : ' Then they are kicking out nobler men than them selves.') He was not the nominee of money bags and did not have his ex penses paid for liim. He fought for the principles he expounded, and he was prepared to stand or fall by his record. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Crick then referred at some length to the labor ques tion. condemning the stand taken by the Government in the recent strike in favor of tho capitalists as against the masses. The resignation of Mr. McMillan in connection with tho strike was in Mr. Crick's opinion a nice little farce. He urged that at the pre sent it was absolutely necessary labor should have its proper representatives in Parliament. The question just now was more important than that of freetrade or protection. (Hear, hear). He sup ported Mr. A. G. Taylor in his recent contest for West Sydney because of .his unswerving adhesion to the labor party, regardless altogether of his being a free trader or protectionist. (A voice : ' Where is lie to-night.' Mr. Crick : ' He is a married man and you can guess.') (Loud laughter). Referring again to the freetrade press of Bathurst Mr. Crick said he would like to ask tho Times what they meant by saying that Mr. Sydney Smith had been elected by the scum of Kelso. (Oh, oh). They did not say that to-day, and what they wrote at the time was absolutely false. (Hear, hear). Yet they said the same thing of him now. According to their view of things he got in for West Macquarie by some fluke. Now he came again, overweighted even more than Carbine was for the Melbourne Cup, and ho thought he would be able to distance the field first as easily as Carbine did with his lOst 5lbs. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Crick then went on the expound his views on the great political change which was pending, and which he thought would end in a mongrel coalition of parties. It was quite possible that, with the next shuffling of the cards, Sir Henry Parkes would retire from politics, and he was bouud to say his retirement would be a loss to tho colony. Sinee ho ap peared before the electors of West Macquarie last . he had changed his opinion in regard to one plank of his platform, that was payment of members. When he gave his support to the mea sure ho did so because it was in accord ance with democratic notions ; but with the experiment of the bill he had come to one conclusion — give payment of members and Parliament would suffer any indignity. If it had not beon for payment of members tho present Parliament would have been dissolved months ago. (Hear, hear.) It was a mis taken policy, a|l very well in theory, but bad in practise. Mr, Crick then referred to the Railway Commissioners and their attempt to grant free passes to those who built residences at a cost of £1000 alongside the railway line. As the night was advancing and the peoplo who were running Ye Fayre would bo saying lie was a bit of ye devil he would not detain the audience longer. He in tended to make as full a canvass of the electorate as lie could. In conclusion he asked the electors to consider whether or not tlipy thought that during his tenure of office he had been a good and faithful servant. If so, and recognising the services lie had rendered, he would ask them to endorse his recent action by again sending him back to tho Parlia ment of tho country as their representa tive. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) On the motion of Mr. John Hughes, J.P., seconded by Mr. P. Marshall, a vote of confidence was recorded in Mr. Crick by a show of hands that in tho Chairman's opinion was 50 to 1. Mr. Crick suitably acknowledged tho vote, and proposed a vote of thanks to tho Chairman, which was carried by acclamation. Three ringing cheers wero then given for Mr, Crick at a signal from tho chair man, And ono for Mr. Taylor. Three groans for Hanby and Jiis bull pup wero called for from below and joined in by the immenso crowd, yheproceedinge terminated at about 0.30 