THE OVERLAMD TBAIL. In the enmmer of 1873 I was 30 years oE age—in perfect health and of steady nerve. I was no believer in' the uncanny— herdly in the supernatural— and had always pooh-poohed at tales of ghoste, phantoms, and visions of all sorts. . It is unnecessary to explain how I came to be travelling in the far west without companions, except for horse and dog and gun. Following the general route of the old overland trail, I camped one night in the edge of a considerable forest, and at a point from which I could look forth over a broad* open plain, It was already after sundown. The good horse was picketed, and having pro Tided a supper for myself and dog from a rabbit which my gun had brought down an hour or two earlier, I disposed things for the night, and as the stars came but, lay down to sleep, comfortably rolled in a blanket. It was probably in the small hours of the night that I awoke and arose to a sitting posture. The moon was climbing the eastern sky, with not a feather of cloud in her course, and every object stood forth as clearly as in the day. But it was not for me to contemplate in quietude the rare beauty of the night. In almost the first moment of consciousness eyes fell upon a Blowly moving object in the distance. It was one of those canvaB-covered waggons, the ** prairie schooners' so familiar in the early days of overland travel to Cali fornia. It was approaching almost directly towards me, and my cariosity was at once aroused. Why any one should be travelling thus, and so late at night, I could not imagine. The movement waB heavy, as if the horses were jaded, and the man who walked by their side had a weary step. Twenty minutes passed, the vehicle ap proaching nearer and nearer. Still on it came, until when about 30 yards from me it suddenly stopped, and the man, looking about, seemed to be considering the wisdom of making camp. At this point I suddenly realised that the approach of the waggon had been utterly noiseless. What could this mean P Was I dreaming ? No, I was never more awake. Was this hallucination ? No ; for the dog, who had been aroused by my movement in awakening, now turned his head in the direction of the new arrival and uttered a low growl. I laid my hand on him to keep him quiet. The man now stood by the forward wheel, looking in at the opening of the can vas top, and though I heard no voice, I imagined that he was speaking to some one within. A woman's head appeared, and after a glance around, gave a nod of assent, and the man proceeded to unharness the horses and turn them loose to graze. Then after a moment, in which he seemed to be anxiously surveying the trail over which they had come, he helped the woman to alight. And now their movements greatly puzzled me. Walking to and fro, they seemed to be searching for some particular spot of ground. Finally the woman pointed to a space between two young trees, and the man, after locking at it for a moment, went to the rear end of the waggon and brought f orth a epade. With the edge of this imple ment he marked off a rectangular spaca about five feet by two, and began to dig. All this, let it be remembered, was in abso lute silence. By this :timejny curiosity, had turned to marvel. Here was a contradiction of com mon sense ! I could not believe that what I saw was real; these beings must be apparitions. And yet here by my side was the dog, as alert as I, and trembling with an impulse to investigate, while obedient to my hand of restraint. The digging proceeded, and, the soil being soft, some five feet of depth was soon reached, and then the man threw out the spade upon the ground. The woman, mean while, had been plucking branches of ever green, bringing them in armfuls and throwing them beside— 'the grave,' I thought. And now, with the utmost care and patience, the whole cavity was lined with these sprigs of evergreen, held in place by twigs thrust into the banks on either side. This done, the man sprang out. The two surveyed their work for a moment, and then, after gazing once more, as if in anxiety, over the route by which they had come, they approached the waggon. Having rolled up the canvas on one side, they lifted out a small mattreeB, depositing it on a blanket which they had spread upon the ground. This mattreBS was not without its burden. The beams of a full moon enabled me to see there a slight form — that of a little girl who had scarcely lived out three years. The pretty white hands were folded over the breast. Long golden curls fell on either side npon the pillow. The face, which I could see with astonish ing clearness, was wonderfully beautiful in its aspect of innocence and bore a life like smile, as if in answer to the radiant queen of the sky, who seemed to be smiling too as she looked steadfastly down npon the living and the dead. The mother forthwith proceeded to arrange the spreads upon the child, tucking them and smoothing them down as if she were only putting her little one to bed, although, while I heard no sob nor any ex pression of grief, I could see that her breast was heaving with sorrow and her face was visited by tears. The two now knelt on either side, kissing their darling many times, and weeping over her, though trying apparently to comfortrone another in their wretched ness, if perchance there might come in their hearts a calm like that with which the moon was still Bending down her beams to illumine the tearful scene. Then, laying hold of the blanket, they carried their darling to the grave, and by the aid of the bridle reins let the precious burden down into the place which they had so carefully prepared. Green boughs were ?cattered over her ontil they covered the beautiful form many inches deep, and then to the sky, as if in its infinite clear depths they saw the future hopes. All this — though I still thought it unreal — had awakened in me the keenest interest and sympathy. But my attention was now suddenly diverted to a line of figures in the distance, somewhat beyond the spot where I had seen the waggon when I first awoke. These were horsemen, who came sweeping on at a rapid pace, as if engaged in eager pursuit. From the manner in which they rode I knew they were Indians. Ah ! I saw it all now, and understood why these spectral visitors had so often looked back so apprehensively in the direction from which they had approached. These pilgrims across the plains had seen signs of savages, and had used the night to push on beyond their reach, if haply they might bury their dead in peace and fini safety for themselves. But the foe had discovered their trail and followed them, bent on massacre. I laid my hand instinctively on my rifle under the edge of my blanket, that I might join in the defence, and was about to cry out in warning of the danger I saw approaching, but instantly bethought myself that this was unreality, a mere vision, calling for no practical action, and I might better let these shadows work out their tragedy to the end. I again restrained the dog, who seemed agitated, whether because tie saw what I was seeing or out of sympathy with my emotion, I know not which. The two at the grave seemed unconscious of the threatened danger until their enetnieB were within a hundred yards, when the man sprang up and lifted the woman also to her feet. They turned towards the waggon, as if to gain its shelter and secure weapons for defence. It was too late. I saw flashes of fire and also a flight of arrows ; without a sound, however, to break the calm of the night. Both the man and woman staggered as if wounded. They stopped and turned face to face, throwing their arms about each other, as if realising that this was their last embrace. Another volley, and, still cling ing to each other in the agony of death, they fell together upon the grave of their child. The Indians were not long in completing their work. Then catching the horses and liarnesBing them into the waggon they hastened away, as though themselves in fear of pursuit. I watched them until they disappeared, and then was alone with my thoughts and the brilliant night. I realised that I had seen a vision, and, although I turned myself resolutely to rest, my sleep for the remainder of the night was fitful and disturbed. When finally I awakened again the sun had risen, and under the influence of that great dispeller of illusions, and in spite of the vividness of the night's experience, I began to think that, after all, I might have been only dreaming ; especially when I saw that the space where I had seen the burial and the tragedy that followed was not open and clear, but overgrown with bush and young trees. Nevertheless, yielding to a curiosity of which I waB meanwhile almost ashamed, I soon made my way into the bushes. Parting these with my hands as I went, forward, and scanning the ground closely I shortly experienced a new shock of surprise; for there, in the exact spot marked by the night scene, was a little mound, and over it were the remains of two skeletons. And now for a retrospective fact which gave to this weird experience of the night a personal significance. While I was yet a lad in my teens my brother, 20 years older, had taken his young wife and only child and set out to cross the plains in pursuit of fortune. The mails had brought home tidings of their journey up to a certain point. Beyond this all trace was lost, and we never heard of them again. I have not been able to account satisfac torily for what I have related. Was this an indubitable intimation vouchsafed to me from another world as to the fate of my relatives? Was it impossible that I should have this vision elsewhere ? And if this is the case, then why ? Had Nature photographed these tragic scenes and preserved their reflection, to reproduce them for an eye that was fitted by some occult law of sympathy to behold? Let the savants answer if they can — I cannot. —Edward B. Payne, in True Flog. 