THE NOVELIST. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? Br Miss Bbaddon. Authorof "LadyAudley'eSeoret," " Phantom Fortune," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Cat by the County," "Taken at the Flood," " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing Needfal," " Mohawks," &o.;, &o.; CHAPTER XXV. daisy's diaby in joy. I am engaged to Gilbert Florestan. At last I. understand what it is to be an engaged girl, and henoeforward I shall be able to sympathise with every engaged girl in this world, of whatever nation, oi whatever oolour, whether ahe wear oetrloh feathers and diamonds in her head at the Court of St. James's, or a feather girdle in some un known islet of the South Seas, whether she spend her allowance on frooks or on beads. Yes. till I am ninety, till I am oold in death, I shall be able to sympathise with every lover and every loved one upon earth, for now I know what love means. I know that it mesne evkkythlng. It mesne the colours of the sky, and the brightness of the bud—it means the perfume of flowera and the freshness of morning—it means the balmy noontide, and it means the restfnl ooolnese of green waving bongha; it means lamplight at eventide in oosy, gra cious drawing-rooms—it means blind-man's holiday beside the morning-room lire I It means all these: for all these have double beauty, and charm, and comfort and sweet ness ainoe Gilbert and I were engaged. What will Cyril think, down at the bot tom of this round globe, when be hears that Gilbert and I are to be married on the first day of the new year? What can he think, exoept that I am the lightest and most oon temptible young woman ne ever had tbe mis fortune to count among hie acquaintance. Beatrioe Reardon has been very nioe to me. She eaye that I have nothing to be ashamed, about in the transaction, ft ie onetomary. It is, one may say, a rule of the game. When people break off an engagement, even if' they have been engaged for years, and have doted on eaoh other all the time, it ia their duty to get engaged to other people without the slightest loss of time. They owe thie to their own dignity. A girl who has the slightest eelf-reepeot will get engaged within a week after the parting, even if she has to marry a chimney- sweep. "Of oonree," said I, "that is what Claire doeB in tbe 'Ironmaster,' and every one knows what a perfect heroine ehe was, " If you can jnst tolerate Mr. Florestan, you may consider yourself very lucky,1' said Beatrice. " When I heard you were going to marry him, I made up my mind that he was absolutely loathsome to you." "Didyou?" oried I. "Curious, Isn't it? I really can just Bubmit to the idea of a future existence as his wife, I shall live next to mother, and that will be some consola tion." I meant to Write everything in this diary. It was to be "my novel," the romanoe of my life with all its bright oolonrs and all its dark shadows; it was to be a book to whose pages I oould go back when I am middle aged and when I am old, and live again all the happiest hours of my youth, and awaken echoes of old voioes and vivid smiles, and every thought, feeling, and fanoy of the pass ing hour. The wheelsof the chariot roll on so swiftly when one is happy. One shonld try at least to put a break upon memory ; and for that there is only one way—pen and ink. Yes, I meant the story Of my life to be complete; and yet I am going to leave one little blank—a little blank did I say— a blank which represents the crieia of my ex istence, the tnraing point between doll patience and consummate bliss. 1 oansot write the mode and manner of my engagement, that sudden passage from liberty to bondage, when he took me in his arms, in the arbonr, where we were once ao miserable, and called me " wife." Wife, as if we were married already. Absurd, no donbt, to the indifferent readier, bat the word thrilled my heart. I cannot write of his kisses, or count them esif they were pounds, shillings, and pence in the housekeeper's book. I cannot write all the sweet foolishness of bis talk, the undeserved prsiseB, the intoxicating flatteries, which he protested were not flatteries. Of those ridi eulone moments 1 can keep no reoord. Perl heps if I had ' been let in at tbe Gate of Paradise for half an hour I should not he able to desoribe the heavenly garden when I came out again. It is the same with that ball hour In the [arbonr. He talked, and I listened, and we were engaged. This is my only reoord. On the same evening, however, we had a very serious conversation on the terrace after dinner. Mother was in her favourite seat by the drawing-room window. Unole Ambrose was paoing the room. We could see them both in the lamplight as we walked slowly up end down. The evening was wonderfully warm and balmy for the end of September, and [the great full moon waa riling behind Lamford Church tower; this being the third moon we have worn oot einoe we left London. We talked of the moon a little, and he quoted Shelley,* whom he knows as well as if he had competed for one of Mrs. Craw ahaw's prizes; and then 1 ventured to aSk him a question whioh had been hnrning my tongue ever einoe we were engaged, justfour hours and a half. It is wonderful what those four hours had done for me. I felt as much at my ease with him as if I had been engaged for three weeks, and I began to understand the cool andaoity of girls who send their fiances on' messages ana make light of them in com pany, and the free and easy manners of the motherly girls who mend their sweethearts' gloveB, ana scold them for spilling things on' their walBtcoats, and put diachylum-plaster on their wounds. "Will yon bs very angry if 1 ask you a question?" 1 asked. " I should [be angry if you Wished to ask" me anything and didn't," said be, "Being yonr slave, what shonid I do—•" "Please don't," I cried. " Cyril' quoted that sennet once, and I was qnite rude to him about it. I shouldn't like yon'to quote anything second-hand. Yet it is a lovely" eonnet, ian't it," I added apologetically, for' for the line Bounded sweet fromkim. "Cyril was not in touch with my idem abont Shake speare," he laughed, and aaewered with a most mmeoessery kiss. " Yon really wouldn't mind ? I asked. " Prom those Hps all words are dear." "Were yon ever in love with anybody be fore yon began to ears for me?" " Ah, I thought that question would come Shall I answer it Jesnltioally or honestly ? "Oh, honestly, please; be brutal to me rather then dishonest Of course £ am prepared for the wont. You must have adored ever so many girls before you came to let your glances light upon insignificant me." "Ever ao many. That's a large order. Suppose I plead guilty to two. I wish I hod-1 »<v«r looked at a woman, or at lout never treated a thought upon one till 1 saw yon. I ■shouldn't, if l bad only known what was coming." "Do yon really think I am as nice aa tbe otber two!'' I^asked, oomforted by those sweet words. "I think yon are to them as a w&d; roMon a hedge in the dewy morning compared with a double dahlia in the heat ana dust and glare of tent Mo. 8, at a dower show. Yon are aa the freshness of the morning, and they amelt of gae. The first oonld not help that, poor soul, for it wae aoross the footUghte my heart went out to her." " Was she very pretty?" I aBked. "She was very pretty. That was jnst fifteen years ago, mark yon, when 1 was at Eton, she is very pretty at this present honr; [she will go on being very pretty, I hope,: till the end of the-century. She is a burlesque aotreee, and 1 saw her in the dain tieet little villager's dress yon oan conceive, dancing as lightly as a real fairy, and not a atago ono. Yes, Daisy," he said gravely, "1 plead guilty to being over bead and ears in love with Mies Millicent Melville, of the Hilarity, fifteen yeare ago, foi the whole epaoe of tbe Christmas holidays. I was stone-broke for her sake, and spent all my tips npon theatre tiokets, hothouse flowers, and chocolate caramels. I delivered the flowers and fhe caramels to the surly stage door keeper, who may have Bold them to the minor members of tbe trocpe for aught I know. I never got speeoh of my houri, and I was heartbroken when I discovered, npon nnim peaobable authority, that she had a husband and :five children, Haw she did it—how she looked so lovely and eylphlike and child ishly Innocent, with an eating and drinking, emoking and swearing man and five brats to work fori have never been able to under stand." " Was she number one ?" I asked. "Tee, she waB number one." " In that oaee I forgive you your first love. .And now tell me about your second." " That Is a graver oase, Daisy. I cannot moke light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail me with paper pellets that time. His arrows were barbed, and the barbe were poisoned. I loved a woman who was unwor thy of my love, Daisy. 1 passed through the southing fire of a wasted passion " "Yon loved her as well as you love me?" I asked, feeling jnet as if I had dropped from a paradise in yonder moon downto a hard, cruel earth." All my gladness perished in one gasping sigh. 1 felt sure he had oared more for her than for me." " I'm afraid I most plead guilty to having loved her very dearly while my love laBted, Daisy; bnt the cure was a olean cure. There was not so mnoh as a scar left from the old wound by the time I met you in Paris; and from that hour I was yours and yours only." "And if I had not broken with Cyril what would yon have done?" I " laved on my roaming, desultory life, and Buffered the dull agony of an empty heart." "Were you really unhappy in Sootland, in spite of grouse and capper-oallzes and things." "In spite of aa fine a stag as ever waB stalked, which this hand slew the day before 1 carnally heard that Arden had sailed in the big new ship forColombo." "And would yon not have fonnd some new divinity before Christmas?" It was delightful to have him there and to be able to cateohize himj yet I oonld not help being savagely jealous of that unknown love, the number two in hiB calendar. 1 oonld not but feel that it was nice of him to tell me the truth, even at the risk of offending me for life." " Tell me about that second flame of yours," I said, agonized with curiosity. " Was she very lovely ?" " She w&8 splendidly handsome, a woman whose diamonds seemed more brilliant than those of other women, beoause they bo har monized with her bold, bright beauty. 1 was among many worshippers, and I happened to be the most eligible of her adorers from a matrimonial point of view, and so she was graoions to me, and so 1 was her Blave " Did she jilt you?" 1 asked, for there was a bitternesa in his tone which assured me the-dear creature had treated him abomina bly." I could Lave hogged her for it. " Well, it was hardly a case of jilting. If I were to write my story I ahomd call the booh 'Illusion ana Disillusion.' I was fer innate enoqgh to find her out—before mar riage instead of afterwards. My innocent Utile Daisy oan hardly gosBs what & world of misery that discovery saved me." " I don't want to gueBs," I said, " bat there is one thing! should like to know, Gilbert." I bluBhed in the moonlight, and trembled at my own audacity as 1 pronounaed hie Chris tain name. I had my arm through his, and found my self giving his arm a gentle squeeze now and then joBt to make sore that he was real, and that all the eostaoy of this honr was not a moonlit dream." V Ask as many questions as yon like, fair Fatima. There is no blue ohamber in my memory of whioh yon may not open the door." "It does not pain yon to spBak of that Wicked person?" "Not a whit. No more than it wonldpain me to talk of Cleopatra?" " But at the time of your disillusion—did love die all at onee, or by inehes?" "Love died in an hour; bnt there was something, the shadow and memory and aftertaste of pasBion whioh was plagoily long a dying." " Is it dead yet ?" I asked frightened, " Dead as a doornail. Dead as Sorooge'e partner, old Marley ; deader, for no ghost of thatvanishedfeeling wilieverhanntme. Iwas heart-whole, sound as a roach the night I met yon at the Grand Opera, and from that night 1 was your slave." "Ob, that is nonsense," cried I, "yon eonld not have oared for me all atonoe, a commonplace English person like me. What was there in my poor faoe to oatoh your eye ?" "Innocence, troth, oandonr. The virtnea which make man's life blessed and honour able. I saw poetio loveliness, and through that transparent beauty I saw the trne and pure heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin gold, flawless, above prioe." "Don't, don't," I oried, standing on tiptoe to pnt my hand upon his lips. " This last illusion is worse than the first and seoond. How oan I ever live np to snoh an ideal as yon have made oat of me ?" " Only love me, Daisy; there is no more to do." "Oh, that comes too easy. I did that before I was asked," Mother's voice calling us from the open window put an end to our confidential talk, but my heart was quite at esse now that I knew the history of hb earlier loves. If be had told me he had never been in love before he saw me I should certainly not have believed him; and I should have been tor tured for all the years to oome by inextin gulshable distrust. All this happened nearly a month ago, though loooldn't bring myself to write about1 it before to-day; ana perhaps I should not" be writing -now if Gilbert nad not been obliged to go to London to aee hie lolioltor—> our fiietpartlng—leaving me to get through the day somehow Without him. The grounds look so dreary, the shrubberies seem so empty—and oh, what ages to eight o'elook dinner, when he will be back. 