Chapter VIII. There is a French proverb, which, like all other proverb", is too absolute in its state ment, but which possesses nevertheless a lame substratum of truth. This proverb de clares that Chateau qui park, ct fcmme gu' icout', are both on the point of surrendering. However this may be, it is certain that Sir Francis did not lose eight of the enormous advantage he had acquired in gaining Pauline's ear. But he followed up the ad vantage with such elaborate precautions, his manner was so gentle and so profoundly respectful, that'.her misgivings and her trepida tions slowly melted away. Everythingaround her seemel to soothe and lull her senses— the soft air, the low impassioned tones that vibrated upon her ear, and the rippling splash of the gentle waves without The surroundings, too, spoke of a different kind of world from her own. Certainly the row of Fijian skulls was not a reassuring spectacle. They seemed to grin with their lleshleBS jaws as though they had been mocking at the tardy process of love-making—so different from that of their own experience—that they were forced to witness. But the scimitars and t ger skins, the Japanese masks, and Oriental stuffs formed a background of enervating in fluence. Even the odour of sandal-wood that mingled with the balmy atmosphere wafted in through the open port was subtly narcotic in its influence. As Sir Francis continued to speak Pauline continued to listen. Could it be a crime, she asked herself, to hear what be had to say, especially as this was the prelude to an eternal farewell f Of course, after such a scene, they muBt never, never meet again. But what a solace it would be to her in the long, stagnant, dreary future that loomed be fore her to recall this 'tuwcser.t! Surely she might listen, for the first and last time, to the one und only voice that had the power to evoke auch a strange, unaccustomed thrill of sympathy in her whole being. The " might have been" had sometimes shaped itself vaguely to her imagination, like a bright nebulous vision of glory. Now, she would be able to give it substance, and to ponder over it in a definite form; and life would be fuller and richer than ever before. So much for Pauline's mental attitude. As for Sir Francis it was only by a strong effort ot will that he forced himself to speak calmly and deliberately, and to abstain from yielding to the stormy impulse that bid him clasp his listener to his heart. To older women than Pauline his reasoning might not have sounded entirely convincing. The simple answer that a promise given and a duty undertaken have to be fulfilled at all costs would have shaken it to its very foundations. But to our inexperienced heroine, nourished upon Fourierism, and regardless of the pitfall at her feet, for gazing at the stars overhead, specious argu ments seemed almost to convey the doctrineB of a new goBpel. She heard now, for the first time, that the purest, holiest instinct was that of spontaneous love. Hitherto she had been filled with a burning ahame for having tacitly admitted that she had Succumbed to its sway. In all the books she had ever read it was only after a long time, years and years of conflict and ftnisery and remorse, that the heroine had allowed even a hint of her senti ment to penetrate the maBk that her dignity and her duty forced her to wear, and here, at the end of a three days' acquaintanceship,she had betrayed herself. Even her friend must think lightly of her now. Incoherently and distressfully Pauline essayed to explain her feeling in thiirespect. But Sir Francis seemed to understand her before she had time even to formulate her thought. j " I think lightly ot you, my durling I" he whispered vehemently. " How little you j know what I really venerate. Why, if yon were not the most transparently natural, truthful, unartificial creature upon God's earth, and therefore the moBt pare. . . • Yes, I say it irom my soul—the most pure. You would not have betrayed yourself, It is because you arc so truthful that you can't help yourself. That is one of the reasons why I love and worship you so completely. Some women would have made a merit of 'poBine'for three weeks, or three months, or three years. What does it matter? But you are Truth itself," "No, no," she interrupts him, in great distress ; " i can't bear to hear you praise me in that way. AU my thoughts are confused just now—but rf 1 am truthful to you 1 am being awfully untruthful to George." " Of course, you are untruthful to_ him and to yourself too as long as you live with him," he answered shortly. "I had not been five minutes with you before I saw thatyour mar riage was a most ghastly _ blunder. What made you do it? How was it brought about? Did they force you into it ?" " No—nobody forced me," sai-l Pauline; " but I had to do it." Then, seeing his be- ] wilderedexpression,she continued hurriedly— " It was at that picuic—you remember—you were to have gone to it and you didn't. . . Chubby was silting in the buggy ail alone— and the horse took fright and was going to dush over the cliff, and Chubby would have been killed under my eyes,"—she could not control a shiver as she said these words— "only George saved him—he saved him at the risk of his own life (everybody said so), lie broke bis collar-bone in doing it, and he fainted from the pain—and then—when he asked me again to marry ( him, I promised him 1 would. Grand'mere tried all she cou.'d to prevent it. but I could not take back my word, could 1?" " You might have asked him to give it you back!" " Oh ! but he wouldn't!" exclaimed Pauline naively. "lie cared about me too much— you know." "Cared about you !" echoed her companion grimly. " He knew he had made a good bar gain, and he was determined to hold you to it. Good God! What a horrible sacrifice I Don't you see what an unfair advantage he took of you ? It didn't matter to him whether he wrecked your whole life, ao long as he got hold of you tor himself. But it is joist what one might have expected ot him " "You mustn't suy any harm of George," interrupted Pauline shortly, while a warm ilush rose to ber cheeks. " Vou don't know him, or his character either, the very least bit in the world." — " "I'veseen quite enough to form my own opinion, thanks," 6aid Sir Francis drily. " A man must be utterly devoid of the least spark of chivalry to force a woman into a distaste ful marriage on the strength of a promise wrenched from her in an instant of mistaken enthusiasm. But didn't you feel what an insane thing you were doing—what a wildly quixotic action it was?" Pauline was silent The drowsy lapping of the waves without was the only sound that fell upon her questioner's ears. Truth _ to tell, her memory was rising against her like an accusing ghost as the vision of the past surged up and confronted her. Yes! she had felt misgivings ; though she had argued tlienu down and battled tliern down, she had felt them constantly. Up to the fatal morning of her marriage a bidden voice had whispered to her persistently that here hltended_ self sacrifice was a fault, -besides being a grievous mistake. It had told her that she waB acting disloyally towards her future husband as well. as towards herself; that she was outraging 1 the holiest and the purest of woman s in stincts. She had been more than half aware that she was doing wrong at the time, and now lier conscience reproached her with it loudly. Her motives had not been all as praise worthy as she had imagined them. There had been an unacknowledged grain ot obsti nacy, a large measure of the unreasoning determination of a martyr, in_ her mood. And now came the bitter rellection that she had been her own undoing. She had forged her chain with her own hands, and she must drag it wearily along to the end of her journey. She had gone but a little way, it was true, yet already she was groaning with the lead. Worst ol all, she had betrayed the secret which honour demanded that she should carry with her to the grave. In her present frame of mind she hardly knew whether the betrayal was a reliet, or only an additional burden she had added to the other one. Doubt, and remorse, and shauie, aud per plexity, and hope were all written in her lace as she cast a timid glance towards her friend. "George will be wondering where lam," she said ; then added in a low hurried voice, " You were speaking of chivalry just now. I think I know what it means. It you care tot me in that kind of way, even though I should never see you again, it would make all my life seem different. And lite does seem so bard and difficult to understand. So does everything . But I want to do right; what is considered right, 1 mean. And if I have your friendship, and can go on believing in you always, it would make everything so wonderfully much happier. I should not feel weighed down by a secret like that. Oh! I hope you know what I mean, and that you understand. Tou do ! Don't you ?" She was looking at him with eyes that pleaded even more passionately than her words. The old, old dream of— •' Love, such love ts spirits feel, In worlds whose course is equable and pure, was inspiring her imagination. It was a curious expression she en countered in Sir Francis's eyes as he returned her look. .... The appeal had touched him in a sensitive point, and for the moment be could almost have found it in his heart to swear that he wonld be as Launcelot-and Sir Galahad in one—as the former in respect of the strength and endurance qf his passion ; as the latter in respect of the whiteness and purity of it— that he wonld watch over his " lady from a distance,-nor &Bk; for other guerdon than the knowledge that his devotion was a solace and a support to her. .... In obedience to that transient impulse he took Pauline's hand in his own and lifted it to his lips. " My dear," hesaid, in a tone of the deepest tenderness, " I will do in all things exactly as you wish. You are my fate, Pauline. It is carious, isn't it! I eeem to have had a presentiment of it the instant I saw yon the other day. When you know me better you will see that 1 am not one to give my heart away lightly. I suppose 1 must have belonged to you from all time, though now that I have found you I cannot claim you, "ItisnouBeto think of that now, said Pauline, withdrawing her trembling hand from his grasp. " I want to be able to think of you as my dearest friend, and to be able to write to you and all—but, oh, *or pity's sake, don't stay any longer in Melbourne now. I can't reason againBt yon, and I do care about you. Surely that is good reason enough for going away. If you only knew how the thought of your staying terrifies me—indeed. . indeed it doeB. Yon say I am truthful, and [ this ia the very truth. I want you to go—XI beg you with all my heart and soul to [ Bo——" There was no mistaking the passionate earnestness of her voiuc. Emotion choked her utterance. Iter hands were twisted to- j get her, as though the sincerity of ber peti tion had evoked the unconscious gesture of! prayer. Sir Francis Btroked his moustache—as was | his invariable habit in moments of perplexity, and then replied, in a voice pitched to the j softest and moBt persuasive of tones— " Poor child I You still have to learn what it is to be really loved. Have I not promised , you that I would do just what you wish ? I will go away to-night if you want me to, though—you inustn t mind my saying it—it is a very bad compliment you are paying both to yourself and to me. But can't you muster the courage to hear me quietly for an instant | first? I ought to Btay a week or two longer in Melbourne ("and the letters from home" thought Pauline, but she did not interrupt ] him). But I promise you I will not breathe ! a word about my love ior you, unless you tell | ine that 1 may. 1 will only Bee you formally, and in the presence of others. Surely you ennnot want to take aw iy that little happi ness from me. Just to be in the eame room with you sometimes, to have you turn your face towards me when you are at the theatre or the races, it is not; asking for much, is it? | and the sternest moralist—I won't tell you now what I think of the conventional code of morality, for it would f rich ten you away from me again—but the sternest moralist j could not see any harm in that. You must accustom yourself to look upon me as a friend you can trust. And the fir9t time I break the condition I have laid upon myself | you shall send me away without mercy, I promise you. Will that do, and will you give me your hand upon it ?" He rose from his seat and approached ber \ witli his right hand extended. " You make me believe you, in Bpite of my self," said Pauline, unconsciously para phrasing the words of a pagan emperor, but j she smiled as she surrendered her hand to his grasp. The vision of a love beyond worlds, that would lling its radiance over her path henceforth, presented itself to her imagi nation. Could any dream be sweeter? It would change the whole tenour of existence. It was the ideal realised. How easy it would . be to give ber entire devotion in action to | George and to duty—whilst she might nurse in her inmost heart a pure and satisfying sentiment for another! And in such a solace as this there could be no sin. The feeling had come to her of itself—unsought and unbidden. It was there, and all the self-upbraiding in the world could not drive ' it away. But it could be forced to follow the direction she would give it—the direction, that was to say, of a loyal and elevating friendship. Had not ber friend told her she could trust him—and did not that imply a full understanding of all she felt? What stronger reassurance could she re quire than the promise he hdd just made her —of his own free will? As though to give her time to recover from her agitation, Sir Francis turned away and walked towards the opposite end of the cabin. Pauline saw him select a tiny key from among the few brcloques that hnng upon his watch-chain, and open therewith a miniature cabinet in old Japanese lacquer-work, securely fastened against the wall. The cabinet open, he touched a hidden spring, a minute panel slid aside, and disclosed a very tiny box, which be drew from its hiding-place, and carried back to her carefully. " Is that the explanation of the dark mystery Mr. Travers hinted at—1 wonder?" thought Pauline, half mockingly; but site fixed her eyes at the same time upon the box, with a full measure of feminine curiosity as to its contents. Sir Francis said nothing, but opened it slowly, and drew tberefroni a curiously carved and graven ring. It was in the form of two twisted serpents, bearing between their wide open jaws a stone that might have been a great diamond or only a piece of glittering rock crystal, Pauline could not divine which. The peculiarity of the ring consisted in the fact that in the heart of this gem or stone there lay a small, dull globule, oi the hue of tarnished gold. " What does it mean?" she asked. "It means instant and painless death," he answered 6oftly. " You must know that once on a time I was given to making chemical experiments, and I met at Heidel berg a German chemist who helped me to carry out an idea I had long had. Yon see that miniature globe of gold. There lies in side it, hermetically sealed, a drop of poison so deadly that the person who should breathe it between bis lips would drop dead before he bad time to swallow ir. To get at it one only bae to press a tiny lever with one's finger-nail, to be found—but that iB a secret only known to myself. The difficulty was to distil th4*poison, and get the globule con fined within the ring before it evaporated, for it is as subtle as it is deadly. It was only by means of a chance discovery of my German chemist's that we succeeded after a thousand fruitless attempts. I believe this is the only ring of the kind in the world, and 1 doubt whether a similar one could he produced." " And what are those letters in Hebrew or Greek—I don't know which—carved on the inside ?" "That is a Greek word—euthanasia— sudden death. Have you a desire to raise the ring to your lips ? I would not let you handle it if there were any danger. A child might sack it all day without the least risk. I generally wear it on my finger, though the objection to it is that it attracts attention. But it might be worn with safety by any body. I am the only person, you see, who knows the secret it contains, and how to get at it. It is like the Masonic sign, or the cave in ' Ali Baba— it has no meaning excepting tor the initiated." "And why did yon want it? asked Pauline, gravely. " Why did I want it?" he repeated, smiling —a"strange smile. "How solemnly you say that 1 A whim! Nothing more. I have my own interpretation of life—you know " " I wish I had such a possession," she said, with a proiound sigh, at the end ot a very long pause. " I should feel so safe." He drew it from the finger on which he had placed it, and dropped it into her lap. " It is yours when you will," he said. " But the secret is not yourB. And the secret shall never be yours uuless there should come a time ripe for giving of it to you. You will ask for it some day perhaps—upon cer tain conditions—and I will not withhold it from you. Bnt till then it would not be right to tell it j[ou." "The ring is no use without it," said Pauline, banding it back to him. " Keep it until I ask for it and the secret together." She tried to speak as though she were jesting, but vainly. " Tell me—is it only good for one go t" she continued with mockseriousnras; "or, would it kill two people at a time?" " It would kill them both together, if their lips were joined over it. That would lie ' expiring in a kiss' with a vengeance, wouldn't it? But it could not be transferred from one person to another. It evaporates so rapidly." At this instant George's voice,'interrupted by snore than one hearty peal of laughter, vas heard in the saloon. lie had come down from deck with Mr, Travers, linking his arm within that of the young man, and exploding in boisterous mirth at bis dry " conceits." George w&B; apt to make fast and furiom friendehips upon the very speediest notice. His sympathies would bubble np like cham pagne troth, and vanish almost as quickly, when the object of them was removed. As Pauline came out hurriedly to meet him, he greeted her with a jubilant though somewhat incoherent account of an " awfnl lark" they had just been having in the fo'castle. It concerned a Kanaka, whom they had bribed to let them drop a tame lizard down his back, while he "tackled" at the same time a prickly porcupine that was a " caution to snakes." Pauline listened to her husband's voice with a carious sensa tion ot having been called back from some long journey that she had just been making to an unknown region in infinite space. More uncomfortable and unaccountable still was the strange sensation that oppressed her—ot Mr. l'ravers'a knowing as well as though he had been in the place of the Fijian skulls themselves—the exact nature of the Bcene that had just passed between herself and the " skipper." It almost seemed to her as though everything she had said and thought must be written in her face, and she could hardly understand how her friend's manner conld remain so entirely cool, and calm, and natural. Sir Francis now led George into the cabin containing the skulls, and answered all the hundred and one questions that they sug gested. Perceiving the nlmost covetouB glance that his gaest directed towards a miniature skull from Japan, carved with marvellously realistic accuracy in ivory, he begged him to accept it, and asked permission to present Mrs. Drafton with a trilling memento of her visit at the same time. Neither George nor Pauline was in the least aware of the value of the gift—a little bunch of feather-flowers from Brazil—though the work that had pro duced them seemed something little short of miraculous upon closer inspection. As the day wore on, afternoon tea was eerved beneath an awning npondeck. Pau line lay back in a deck-chair with something of a lotus-eater's sensations. The air was so soft and bright It seemed to caress her cheeks like a veil of silk. The distant vessels were mirrored in the quiet sea, making a double picture of masts and bulwarks. The secret she had shared with her friend— not the secret of the ring, but the secret of their mutual attachment—lay warm at her heart. The wrong or right of it was not to be thought of just now. When she was re minded of it by a certain expression in his eyes, that came into them only when he looked at her, she felt her heart beat respon aively and exultantly. She said little, being quite content with het own share of happiness. Sir Francis, on the other hand, talked a good deal. He talked of things that were most in teresting to George, and seemed, to her sur prise, to hit upon many meeting-points with him. George had all the instincts ot a hunter, and to Pauline's astonishment it ap peared that lie was well "up"in colonial history and politics as well. She had never heard him give so much information or emit such shrewd opinions about land laws, miner's rights, duties upon imported stock, and selections. Her respect for him rose as Bhe listened, and in obedience to liar strong natural prompting always to go to the "heart of things" she found herself comparing her own knowledge with her husbaud's, and ask ing herself whether that of the latter would not be of more use in the world than her own ill- assorted unpractical store of it. 