Dead Man's Diary. [liv RKV. I). .TACKS0N.] And he cricd, and said — ' Fatliar Abraham, ] have luerey on me. and. send Lazarus that he ! may dip the tip of his finger ill water and cool my tongue, for 1 am tormented in this (lame.' This is a remarkable reversion in the circumstances of- a man /who; when on earth was very rich. He no longer ?' fares sumptuously every day.' The purple and fine. linen period of bis exist ence is now past. His luxuries are all gone. He is reduced to the condition of a beggar in Hades. So far, and com pletely is lie humbled, that he begs the service of the despised and poor Lazarus who a short time ago lie would not con descend to give even the crumbs that, fell from his abundant table. He cried, and there was agony in his cry. He who lived in worldly pomp and com manded in lordly style now begs for smallest relief. His recent songs of revelry are now changed into lamenta-- lions. His life in this world was selfish. He denied all responsibility to his fellow creatures, and refused succour to the helpless and dying at his gates. Like many selfish rich men this one was an orthodox sinner. He held the national orthodox faith of his race and claimed allegiance to Father Abraham. Little he cared for Father Abraham in the days of his mirth and prosperity. He was rich and thought he could afford to ridi cule the faith of the great Patriarch and - laugh at his piety. But the scene is now changed. Distress has come upon him, and this rich orthodox hypocrite begins to whine. He had repudiated the spirit and principles of Abraham in the hey day of his pomp, and now that he is reaping the fruits of his own heartless selfishness, the cowardly, cringing hypo crite — for all hypocrites are cowards — he appeals to the grand, old, unselfish patriarch for relief. But while Abraham was a merciful, he was also a just man, and in justice he declined his aid, and gave his reason for it — ' Remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things, but now he is comforted and thou art tor mented. And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed.' Over that gulf there is no bridge over which, supplies can pass. You will nole iurther that the language ottlio text is pictorial and figurative. Chrysostom, Theophylact, Luther, and Gerlach ex plain that this conversation passed in the conscience of Dives and Abraham's reply they say is the voice of an accusing conscience. The external bodily organs are regarded as the expression of the soul. Bishop Wordsworth holds that bodily organs are specified because lie had specially sinned by sins of the palate — surfeiting, and gluttony — and perhaps by proud and wicked words, the usual accompaniments of such a purely animal existence. We have then to pass be yond the ' tip of finger ' of Lazarus, and the ' tongue ' of the rich man. The man had no physical tongue in Hades, and no water could be of any service there. The rich man's agony was not now bodily suffering. Those symbols of tips of the fingers, and water, and tongue and flame are not physical realities in themselves, but only point to the inter nal agony of soul and conscience awakened from a selfish life of mere ani mal indulgence. The flame in which he was tormented was not a literal fire. That could not be — Because no man's fleshy tongue could long stand the fire.. Soon all possibility of sensation would be gone. The flame of his torment was the lashings of a guilty conscience, the .angry waves of a selfish life in which he was now plunged. The memory of his guilty past rises and rages all around and within his selfish, heartless soul. I would like to point out that we need not either be surprised or shocked at the human mind trying to forecast the future, especially with such a parable as the rich man and Lazarus before us. Every church in Christendom has its own particular theory of the state of the good and the wicked after death. From the days of Dante's Inferno at tnc close of the loth century to our own time at tempts have been made to picture the regions beyond t lie grave. Just before the death of Oliver Cromwell a book was publisned in England called, 'Messages from Hell : or Letters from a Lost Soul.' The book called ' Letters from Hell,' which was published in 1884 was only a translation of one which had ap peared in Denmark twenty years before. And it is quite possible that there - is an historical connection between this last book ' The Dead Mail's Diary,' and its predecessor — -'Letters from Hell.' The ground work of both is substantially the same, but the latter is written in much more graphic and thrilling style than the former. A leaf from the Dead Man's Diary, or how I awoke in Hell, will show its nature, and the kind of punishment he endured in the nether regions. Although he only remained two days in the spirit realm, it seemed to him weeks and months, and years since his real death, and the hour that he became con scious of that death. VISIONS OF HIS 1' AST LII'K. ' I distinctly remember,' he says, ' the first thing of which I was consci ous after my dissolution was that the events of my past life were rising before me. Yes, it was my past life which I saw in that awful moment — my past life standing out in all its naked and in tolerable horror, an abomination in the sight of God and my own conscience. The hands of the dial of Time went back a score and a half of years, and I was a young man of twenty-one. The cham bers in which I was then living, were in one of the well-known Inns off Holborn, London, and the housekeeper of wing was a widow, who, with her daughter Dorothy, a girl of seventeen, resided on on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can be imagined without being told. Wc both were young, impression able, and opportunity was not lacking for an acquaintance, which a thunder storm ripened in a moment into un governable passion.' Sho occupied a room over his chamber, : and after long struggling with temptation he fell. 'My passion,' he says, 'had but simu lated defect. The next momi-nt I saw my last gasping effort to will what was right and true, sink amid the tempestu ous sea of sinful . wishes. As a drown ing man sinks after he has risen for the third time, and deliberately thrusting away the invisible hand which yet. strove to stay me. I rose and sought the room which I had prayed. I might never enter. mv l-'insT lii.iMi-su or iiki.i.. 'You may wonder perhaps how it is that I am able to recall so vividly that: which happened many years ago. You would cease to wonder had you seen as I lieve seen the ghost of your dead self rise up to cry for vengeance against you, and to condemn you before the judg ment seat of God and your own con science. For this was my first glimpse of hell, this was my day of judgment. The recording angel of my own indes tructible and God-awakened memory showed me my past life as God saw it, and as it appeared when robbed of the loathsome disguises with which I had so long striven to hide my own moral nakedness. WHAT lCKKl'S II KI,Ii, IIEI.I,. ' The. one thing of all others that added to the unutterable horror of that moment was the memory of tho false and lying excuses with which I had tried to palliate my sin to myself. This is the way in which I had repeatedly striven to silence my conscience, and it is the way in which others are now striving to silence Iheirs. ' For God's sake,' I would say to tliem, ' beware !' Such hardening of the heart against the Holy Spirit, such God-murdering, for it is (lie wish to kill God and to silence his voice forever which is the one unpar donable sin, that is a thousandfold more o«.r.ii ;-. .'to -i,..„ ji.„ ........ ... ...moujiiu^s .i..... ir, m-; crinie which it seeks to conceal. It is I believe at this moment the one and only thing which keeps Hell — Hell, and Satan — -Satan. THE AGOMY 01'' T II 15 DAMNED. ' I remember that when the realisation of what I was, and what I had done, was first borne in upon me, I Tell to the ground and writhed in convulsive agony. The tortures of a material hell — of a thousand material hells — I would have gladly endured, could such tortures have drowned the thought of agony that tore me. There physical- suffering I would have .welcomed with delirious gladness, but of such relief there was none. To annihilation, had it been possible, I would have fought my way through a thousand devils. But in hell -there is no escape. I fell to the ground and writhed in convulsive agony. But not thus could I rid myself of the sights of hell, nor could mere physical pain wipe out from my brain the picture of the ruin I had wrought.'' This, of course, is an imaginary ac count of the experience of a man who is supposed to have found himself in the nether regions. Its value lies in this that it shows that a man cannot run away from his own life. The punish ment here described arises naturally out of the man's own past deeds. This is the great lesson for us. And if young men and women realised this fact there would not be so many bad characters in the world nor so many wrecked and blighted lives in society. And further, the Dead Man's Diary is useful in point ing out the direction in which the real and true hell of the future lies. The old hell of literal fire and brimstone has passed from intelligent minds. The real hell is internal in the soul. Hell is not created by the hand of God. Every man ahd woman creates their own lieil. It is sin, and not God that makes hell a possibility, both here and hereafter. The great Swedish Seer put it well in the words — ' Tliay (hat are in sin, are also in the punishment of sin.' Jesus Christ came into the world to put away sin by saving men and women from it, and thus to destroy the possibility of hell. If all men were made new creatures in Christ Jesus, there could be no hell for human beings. But so long as evil lives, so long as hatred, ill-will, selfishness, impurity, lying and dishonesty exist then hell becomes a necessity of the moral universe, just as much as a prison is a necessity in human society for the vicious, the dishonest and lawless. The Lord Christ has instituted remedial agencies, nnd all who avail themselves of His Holy Gospel are saved from the certain doom of evil doers. 