ON GOLDEN BINGES. By DORA. RUSSELL, Author of ' Footprints in the Snow,' ' Anna bel's Rival,' 'The Track of the Storai,' &C;,j &0, I Published by special arrangement with the Author ?» All lights reserved ] ?Chapter III. — Kathaeihe DESPARn. „ Thus Graham Korth left the breakfast room engaged to a very rich woman, and to a woman, moreover, whom It was almost Impossible not to love and admire. Yet ho left it an unhappy man. This bright, handsome Katharine Despard, who had just promised to be his wife, was a prize anyone might have been proud to win, yet Graham frowned and sighed as he went up the staircase to bis own room, and, having entered It, shut the door and sat down fnll-of gloomy thought. He had been driven to do this, he told himself, and yet he had no right to have done it. He had acted on the impulse of the moment, led away by Katharine's generouB offer of money, by her sweetness and beauty, and by her strong interest in himself. And then, no doubt, his mother's words had aleo Influenced him. She had assured him that Katharine loved him, and had pointed out the escape from over whelming difficulties that lay In his power. Bnt he had certainly not made up his mind to act on her advice when he had entered the breakfast-room. He had been uncertain, ha had not known what to do ; but It was- done now, and he knew he must prepare himself to face the conse quences. ' !8ja he sat there and thought of the past ;j?«Wr*i»a of the cares and troubles its jrefomsg months had brought him. -Ef* - *-nfc nave blotted It out of the J^fleSdar he might now have been a happy I'j^sA. Bnt it remained— mate, yet Im. Jltfn&T;^-taiid the silent shadow of its /?3gpfiLj£*- J** h®avy on the Jonng This past year had also brought great. ihanges to Katharine Despard, for dc^mg ; It hex ancle, Antony Despard, haa. died ?nd left her heiress to hla enormous fortune. And this had: been somewhat unexpected. Katharine, Indeed, was known to be mush beloved byherunele, bat his nephew, Captain Despard, was \ generally supposed to be the proper heir, i And there is little doubt that the old : man had at one time also thought this ; ! but be had made his own money in trade ] in London, and he was shrewd and a very : good and just man, and he had chosen i Katharine to Inherit his great wealth from ; a deliberate conviction that she would i make the best use of It. Captain Despard was the only son of hie eldest brother, who had been killed in action In early life, and Katharine Despaxd. was the daughter of his youngest brother, who had also been a eoldler and who had died hi India some years ago, leaving his pordonleas girl to her uncle's kindly care. The rich man hfcd no children of his own, for his young wife had died in con sumption a year after their marriage, and Antony Despard 's love was burled In her grave. Be therefore gladly adopted his brothers' children, and Francis Despard having chosen Ms father's profession his uncle defrayed all the necessary expenses, atd FracciB entered the Royal Artillery. He was ten years older than Katharine, an enthusiastic soldier,, and a brave, daring, and somewhat distinguished man. let in spite of all this, the old trader choee to put his wealth in the slender hands of a girl. He left Francis Despard ten thousand pounds, but he left Katharine over twenty thousand a year, and he left this great fortune entirely at her own disposal. No wonder, then, that his mother had urged Graham North to try to win so great a prize, particularly as she was quite satisfied In her own mind that Katharine had already fixed her affections on her good-looking son. ~But men have wayward fancies. A lovely country blossom, half child, half girl had already attracted Graham North, ' and on many a summer afternoon, before Miss Despard became an heiress, he had stood fishing In the Dill with fair Winny Rlddell by his side. Wlnny had a charming plctaresqne little face, and she made Graham North's acquaintance nearly ten months before we find him sitting thinking so moodily of the pafct. Graham had been abroad over a year just before he first met Wlnny retornlng to DfUford hi the April of 1883, and it chanced on the very day after his return he was fishing up the stream when he came on a pretty picture. A girl, fair-haired, bare-headed, and eager, was bending over the water, bold Ing on by a willow that drooped into the river. She did not see Graham, who was behind her, and he stood for a moment amused watching her, wondering IE she were admiring the shadow of her fair face in the tun- lit stream. But she was not. She waB trying to reach a poor little fluttering bird with a broken wing that the current was sweep log downwards hi spite of its despairing and miserable efiorts to rise. When Graham saw this he advanced in his long fisherman's boots, and addressing the country maiden with a smile, asked if he could help her. He rescued the poor little bird, which was a young blackbird, and had either fallen or been flung by some cruel lad Into the stream, and he made the acquaintance of the prettiest girl, he told himself, that his admlricg eyes had overlooked on. He soon learnt who she was — the flaxen*h&lred; little lasBle he remembered seeing so often trotting by Farmer Rld dell's aide. But Winny had been away at school elnce those' days, and now stood before him In her fair slender maiden hoc d. ? 'You have grown into a tall young hdy,' smiled Graham, and the girl smiled and bluehed her reply. They met again and again after this. Graham hi fact fell in love with her ; In love with her beauty, In love with her youth and sweetness, bub his iove for Wincy did not make him a bettor man. ' It was a sad story. As months passed on there were tears sometimes in Winny'a soft ej«B when she used to meet her lover ; tears, and sighs from the pretty lips where, not so long ago, only sweet emiles had lingered. She In truth had nothing In common with Graham but love. He was a man who had seen much of life, he was well-educated and well read, and she was bat a country girl who had no more knowledge of the great world than the wild bee that passed her on the moor, carrying its honey to its cell. And there stole over Graham North's heart a weariness, a remorseful weariness, that combat as he might grew stronger And stronger, sweeping away the unstable love whose foundation was but of clay. Yet he was very fond of her — the easy, half-pitying fondness with which a woman epeaks of ' poor Harry,' or '? poor Ted,' and with this feeling alone did Graham now regard his ' poor little Wia.' A. much more easy companion this to carry about with as than the overwhelming tide that -makes: a world of happlnass or misery dependent on another's smile. Poor Winny Riddell lived bat for her lover, the lover who gave an impatient sigh whenever he thought of her tearf al Imploring face. And now In the first hour of his en gagement to Katharine Despard that Bad, sweet face rose reproachfully before him. He was remembering the quiet nook by the sedgy banks of the Dill, where he had first met her; the quiet nook which had become tlelr tryBbing-place. The yellow flag grew there, and the great tall reeds, acd the willows almost to the water's edge. How many a tide Graham had lam in the summer In the long grass, with the sunshine dancing on the stream. There were days when it was too bright to fish, but the fisherman had still carried his rod and creel to the cool, sheltered river &lde.; And he thought of those past hours now, and of the spot where he used to meet his young love. It all came back to him— the sunshine, the girl's bright face but now the long reeds lay low, the grass was dank and frozen, and 4sffl great, a change had passed over the man's chilled heart. Graham started up almost with a groan. ' Fool that I have been,' He thought ; ' selfish insensate fool ?' But he must face the consequences of that selfish folly. He must write to ** little Win ;' tell her what he feared, what he knew, would be so completely bitter to her. He went to his desk for that purpose, and then could find no words in which to break the poor girl's heart. He flung down his pen ; again he almost groaned f nd then he decided he would put off the evil honr. He had promised to meet her en Thursday — he would tell her then — It would be easier to tell her than to write, acd having come to this resolution he tried for the present to forget her. He had arranged with Katharine before he parted with her that during the after noon he would drive her over to her own honte at Castle Bill. Bat this morning he intended to devote to another purpose ; he meant to go over and Bee their lawyer at Xformanton and endeavor to raise some money to pay their moBt pressing debts. He did not see Katharine again before he left DUlford, but -he saw his mother. Mrs. Graham North was still unaware of the great good fortune (as she would call it) that had suddenly befallen her son. She met him indeed with a gloomy bcow and with overwhelming care in her heart. ' 1 am solng to Normanton, mother,' .he eaid. 'I will see Mr. Dlxon and try what I can do.' ' I fear not much, Graham,' she answered ; ' in fact, 1 do not know where to torn for money actually to provide necessaries . You read that bill ?' ' Yes,' said Graham briefly. 'If you could get a hundred pounds eves,' continued Mrs. Graham North, ' we might try to gee on for a little while -*nd then, surely* flraham ? ' And Mrs. North pauiedand looked Imploringly at her son. ' Well, what then, mother i he antwered, with a- cold smile, # ?* You remember what I said last night. Oh, Graham, don't let my words fall on deaf ears ! If It were not necessity, ab eolnte necessity, 1 would not urge It, but jou know that it is.' 14 Yes, I know,' said Graham almoBb sullenly ; 'a dear, good, beautiful woman Is to be sacrificed to pay our debts ' 'How sacrificed, my dear? Is It a sacrifice to a woman, do you think, to marry a man the 1b in love with ? And Katharine Deepard is In love with you — jou ai-k her and you'll see I am a true prophet.' ?* Lquite belifcvayou, another. 'Thtn why hesitate ? A beautiful wealthy girl will have you for the asking and yet you sllow us all tojlve in thii miserable state.' Graham gave a bitter little laugh. 'Slake four mind easy, mother,' he Eaid, ' I have taken time by the forelock —not lost a moment in following youc prndent advice ; I am engaged to Miss Despard !' Mtb. Graham North's handsome face flashed and her eyes grew moist. 'Are you jesting?' she said, looking eagerly in her son'a face, ' or is it true, ime, Graham ?' 'It is true,' he answered more seri ously ; 'for better or for worse, Katharine taB promised to marry me.' Mis. North could not restrain her tears, but they were tears of thankfulness and joy. 'My dear, my -?uar,' ahe said taking his band and kleslng his cheek with her fond maternal love, 'I am too happy Graham, you have made me too happy.' Graham was touched by his mother's emotion. 'Well, you have got your own way yen see,' he eald, with a smile ; 'and Katharine is all that you Bay— a hand some, generous minded girl — but ? ' t4 1 will listen to no bate,' interrupted Mre. North ; ' Katharine Is simply per fect, arid you are a most happy man.' ' Then let the happy man go, please, to try and .borrow Borne money,' said Graham, trying to speak lightly ; 'let me tee — how much do you say will do for the present ?' *' There will be no difficulty now,' Bald Mre. Graham North proudly ; ' tell Mr. Dlxon what you have told me, and he will let you have a thousand as easily a« a hnndred — the future owner of Castle Hill need be no niggard.' Graham gave a little shrug. ' It's an honorable position,' he said, ' trading on a future wife's credit !'? ' Do not be foolish, Graham ; bat now, good 'bye, my deareBt— tell Mr. Dixoa your news, and you will see.' So Graham rode away from Dillford, and two women watched him as he went. One was the proud delighted mother, the other the woman who had promised to ba his wife. Katharine looked very happy. She hadlorjg loved, or at least certainly liked Graham North, and she had been thrown constantly Into his society. Mrs. Graham North had, Indeed, before Katha rine became a great heiress, planned this match. Mr. Antony Despard was known to-be, very rich, and Mrs, North had made sure that his favorite Katharine ?would have a large fortune. This fortune had far exceeded her expectations, and ever ticce she had heard of it she had constantly thrown Katharine with her sod. And cow she had won her heart's deelre, acd the most Intense joy filled her being. She was not a religious woman, yet the felt tempted just now to go down on her knees, bo thankful did she feel that this great fortune had come to her beloved eon. Chapter IV. — What the Lawyer Said. Grah&m; rede Into Normanton and went: straight to Mr. Dlxon' s office. Mr. Dixon was the Graham Norths' old family; lawyer, end he had known the father of the present equire. Graham North was the third of the same name that had come to him with the same story. Want of money ! It might have been the family motto, for the lawyer remembered nothing eke. Tncy had always wanted it, and when Mr. Dlxon saw Graham enter hla office he knew before he spoke for what purpoEe lie had come. Yet the old man rose and received his vleitor with respect, though with rather a melancholy smile. ' Well, Mr. Graham,' he said, holding out his lean hand, ' and how are you Gils, cold mom Id g ? Cold, but seasonable — and how Is the old squire ?' i Mr. Dlxon was a tall, spare, aged man, with a ehrewd, kind face, and was a man moreover of some independent means. He knew the Graham Norths were rained, but Btlll they were the Graham Norths in his eyeB, and he had not been among their Importunate creditors, though he had acted professionally for them over forty years. He felt sorry indeed for the handsome young man now standing before him, knowing well the almost hopeless embarrassments to which he was the heir. ' Acd what can I do for you this morn ing ?' he -Bald, after a moment's uncom fortable pause, while Graham North stood, uncertain how to begin a conversation so intensely disagreeable to his feelings.' 'IVa the old story, Mr. Dlxon,' he now answered, ' a want of money.' Mr. DJxon sank back on his chair with a gentle sigh. '*A bad want, Mr. Graham,' he said ; ** the worst want.' 'That Indeed k Is !' answered Graham gloomily. ' Ana you can't do anything ?' said the old lawyer, drummlcg his fingers on the desk before him, and looking somewhat) curiously at the young man's pale agitated face. 'lam ready to do anything,' said Graham, ** but the' question Is, what can a man do cloee on thirty, who has been brought up to no profession ?' 41 Ay, that's true*,' said Mr. Dlxon. ' If I could raise a few hundreds jus!: for the preeent,' began Graham, casting down his eyes. ?* Just for the present ??' repeated Mr. Dixon enquiringly. 41 Yes,' said Graham, without raising his ejee, 'for a month or two — and theb, I think matters could be arranged ?' Mr. Dlxon did not epeak fora moment, snd then a smile broke over his kindly face. ' Yon should getmarrled, Mr. Graham,' he said. Graham North had been very pale be fore, but he cow suddenly bluehed a dusky blush. '?Why don't you marry your handsome neighbor?' continued Mr. Dlxon, still Entiling. '* That would make things all r quare, and your mother, I am sure, would like It.' 'I— am engaged to Miss Despard,' said Graham North e lowly, still without looking in his old friend's face. 'What!' cried Mr. Dlxon, In sudden excitement ; ' why, my dear lad, why didn't yon tell me that at once ? I've not been so pleased for- years — it's a famous thing.' And the old lawyer got up and warmly shook Graham North's hand. ' It's a splendid thing,' he repeated with genuine pleasure ; ' ehe's a splendid girl, Mir. Graham, and — a magnificent fortune.' And he laughed. ' She is a very generous, noble-minded woman, 'eaid Graham gravely ; 'sheknowa our petition. 1 did not deceive her, Mr. Dlxon.' ' No, that was quite right ; but what la it to her P I am told as an absolute fact that old Antony left her over twenty thoneand a year, and some spare cash Into the bargain. He left her in fact everything except ten thousand pounds to that soldier nephew of his, who at one time was sup posed to be the heir.' 'Ye*,' eaid GrahamNorth, 'bat ? ' ' Come, we must have no * bats,' ' said Mr. Dixon heartily, ming almost the very worde his mother had done as Graham paused ; ' and as for some ready money, why, my dear boy, you need not go far to raise that now ; in fact I'm an old bachelor, you know, and don't spend much, and I'll give you a cheque on the bank here for five hundred pounds If that will beany accommodation, and you can re pay me when it is quite convenient.' 'You are very good,1' answered Graham gratefully, 'moat good — and five hnndred will settle the most pressing accounts.' ' You won't find them so pressing now,' said Mr. Dlxon, with a little laagh and a fihake of his bald head ; ' no, my dear lad, they'll be pressing you for your orders now, you won't be troubled with cues at Caatle Hill.'' 4 'No,' said Graham bitterly, 'bub it seems eo degrading to a man.' 'If she were a woman you could not love, Mr. Graham, so it would be ; but Mies Despard is a girl any man could love and respect Into the bargain. You are a fortunate lad, a most fortunate one— that Is the truth. Ah ! ah 1 and the poor old Equire, he 11 hardly understand it all !' Acd Mr. Dlxon sighed. '?Beseems fond of her in his childish way.' ' Any one would be fond of her — and, Mr. Graham, take an old lawyer's advice —don't let the grass grow under your feet, strike when the Iron's hot, for I'm given to understand there's many a young fellow after Miss Despard — that soldier cousin among the rest.' ' Captain Despard ?' Mr. Dlxon nodded his head. 'Ay, ho I understand,' he said ; ' but never you mind, she's not a girl to go back from her word. Well, I heartily congratulate you. Why, the two estates joined and Dillford cleared will make a eplecdld property. You'll be the greatest magnate in the county after all, Mr. Graham.' Graham North shook his head. 'I an very unworthy to be so then,' he said?; 'No&ense;, nonsense,' answered the kindly fltld man/' you are going to begin a new life and leave the old one behind. You are a young fellow yet, and I hope you'll live to a great age to enjoy your gocd fortune.' After some farther conversation Mr. Dlxon gave Graham the cheque for five hundred pounds, and Graham shook hands heartily with his old friend, and then went to the bank to get It cashed, and afterwards proceeded to pay some of their most preBBing creditors in the town. Presently he rode back to Dillford, still with care upon his brow. He was think ing of: what his mother had said, and what the lawyer had said, bat they did not knew what he knew. Amid all their congratulations he had seen one face-^-the face of the poor girl who had loved him too well. Chapter V.— Fkancls Despard. When Graham arrived at the hall he found hla mother, Miss Despard, and a country neighbor, Mr. Selbrooke, already seated at lunch. Mr. Selbrooke was a well - endowed young man, and - Mrs. Graham North esteemed him accordingly. He two girls, Lucy and Ethel, were to be considered, though they were ab present absent from home, and when Graham entered the dining room he found his mother listening complacently to a very badly-told anecdote from Mr. Selbrooke's lipn. feat though she was a good mother to he# 'daughters they held a very second plaee in her .heart to her son. And now the moment that she saw Graham's face she recognised with a sudden Instinct of lore that his mind was ill at ease. 'How late you have been, my dear !' ehe .said, rising and forgetting all about Mr. Selbrooke. ' Have you see Mr, Dlxon, atd have you eeitled anything ?'aheadded in a low tone. ** Yes, I have eeen him ; It is all right ;' snswered Graham, and Mrs. North breathed a sigh of relit f. ' Come and sit by Katharine,' she said the next moment, .smilingly pointing to a vacant chair by Katharine's Bide, and as Gratam complied Katharine looked at him in her bright way. 'I was afraid you were not coming In time to drive me to Castle Hill,' she eafd. '-. ' I waB quite Bure to be la time,' he answered, and as he epoke he was thlnk 'ing how handeome she was, and also that -he hsd never seen he look so well. ' I* have had a telegram from my cousin Frank,' continued Katharine, ;'' atd he expects to be able to get leave either to-day or to-morrow, and he will stay two dayB on his road to Scotland with me, so I must go over to Castle Hill this afternoon to hear If there Is any farther news from him.' As Katharine said this Graham re membered Mr. Dixon's words about Captain Deepard with an undefined feeling of jealousy. ' I am ready to take yoo whenever yoa wish to go,' he said ; but you mast wrap yourself up very warmly, for it is bitterly cold ; the DU1 Is freezing.' ' Please eat some lanch first,' smiled Katharine 1 but Graham had no appetite, and presently — their visitor, Mr. Sel brooke, having taken his leave — the betrothed pair started on their way to Katharine's beautiful home. Castle Hill was bat three miles from Dillford, the old squire's mortgaged acres joining the extensive property purchased by the late Antony Despard. Xhaa from the time of Antony Despard's death the moist paselonate wish of Mrs. Graham North's heart had been that her son should marry Katharine, and so join two great estates acd bring her ready money to clear off the overwhelming swamp of debt that for two generations had hung over Dillford. It wds a bitterly cold day as Graham had said &b; these two drove along the frozen lanes that were to be hla and hers. A bright cold frosty day, the ground hard &e; flint, the fallows whitened on each upturned ridge, the birds shivering among .the leafiees thorne, while the rough her bage below each hedge was stiffened, and each blade fringed with a crystal rim. ?VWell, it is cold,' said Katharine with a IL^tle shiver, drawing closer to Graham's side* Again hs.looked at her charming face. ', And you don't regret, Katharine,' he eaid, In a low tone ; 'yoa are quite sore you don't regret the promise yoa made this morning V ' I am quite sure,' answered Katharine ?rtth much earnestness. 'I — I — am- happy, Graham, to think— that— that It Is eettled.' And Bhe blushed. She looked very handsome at this mo ment. Her fine complexion was improved by the clear frosty air, and her eyeB were inll of feeling. She was very happy, happy to thick that she could do bo much for the man she cared for acd put all trouble away from him. ThlB was her nature — a noble generous nature which never gave with a niggard hand. Her uncle, Antony Deepard, had also been a very coble character. Whatever he had been fn youth, when he entered the haven of old age the storms and struggles of life were all left behind. And he waB a clever man, too, shrewd -nd liberal- minded, acd it was his knowledge of Katharine's natnre, and his great love for her tbat bad induced him to make her hie heiress. He knew that his nephew, Fiatk, bad the most claim ; he was the natural heir, but old. Antony with his gentle grey eyeB saw more than most people imagined. He was quite ready to acknowledge Frank's good qualities ; the b»ve, fearless spirit that would face death &cd; danger with a smile. Bat underlying this almost savage daring what else did he see ? Not, at all events, the pure soul of Katharine. Frank Despard might be no worse than his fellows, bat with great wealth in his power what would he be come i The old man asked Mnrself this ques tion, and the answer w» not satisfac tory. It lost his nephew Castle Hill and a great income. He left his wealth where he knew at all events it would do no harm, acd he left It to Katharine. (*If she likes to marry Frank,' he thought, ' she will have more inflaence over him as a rich woman than a poor one, acd her inflaence will always be good ' Be died with his hand In Katharine's, and died as only a good man can die. There were no pale, miserable ghosts by this death- bed — haunting shadows of ill deeds wrought long ago. Memories there were— the sweet fade of his dead wife, of friende, but gone before ; sweet memories of love acd kindnesB and silent charities — these shone out of the darkening mists, and their reflection lingered on his face after he had ceased to breathe. Long ago he had llfed up his eyes and beheld eternity before him ; long ago, while yet amid the Bhallows, he had stretched out hiB arms to the great vast sea, acd lived as a man lives who realises that he shall exist for ever. Round the pale cold clay of such a man there are many mourners, and the girl who wept by his Bide, in whose hand his lay when his spirit flitted into light, felt so crushed down, by her grief that she scarcely heeded at first when they told her that all her ancle's great wealth had been left to her. No doubt the nobleness of his character bad influenced her, for Katharine had grown graver and more thoughtful since his death, and was always trying to do good and carry out schemes that she thought he would approve of. One person, however, did not like to hear of her great generosity about money, and this was her cousin. Francis Despard. Francis Despard had been disappointed about his uncle's will, but net made miserable by it. He had, in truth, made op bis mind to marry Katharine, and, to do him justice, he would have married her bad their positions been reversed ; that is, had Katharine been bequeathed the ten thousand left to him and he the twenty thousand a year of which Katharine waB the heiress. But Katharine had not given her heart to her cousin Frank, though he never Beemed to realise that this was so. She had chosen Graham North, and his very poverty made him a hundred times dearer to her. She waB thinking as ahe sat by his Bide how she would pat every thing into his hands, how glad and happy sbe was that this great fortune had comea to her, acd that all Graham's troubles* would be ended now. Acd of what was Graham thinking ? He waB thinking how he could love this woman, how he could make a friend and companion of her as well aB a wife. She never wearied him ; her bright intelligence, her warm sympathio heart delighted him, and yet— and yet ? ' Why are you sighing, Graham?' ahe said, looking up In his face. 'I was thinking how unworthy I am of you, 'he answered, with a somewhat forced Mnile, ' You ought to leave me to find that oat,' laughed Katharine. But now they had almost reached Castle Hill. Ihe house stands on an eminence thickly planted with trees and evergreens, acd a winding drive through these planta tions leads to the gateway. The houae Itself Is moat picturesque. It is com pletely covered with Ivy on one aide, and below, through the trees, yoa see glimpses of the winding Dill. (To be.continiiecl.) 