The Tramp's Return. Back from the highway the lindens wave Their stately leaves m the deepening light. Behind them rare a moss-grown roof, Like a lone grey ghost m the misty night. Ivo home-light gleams through the broken pane ; No house-dog watches the open door ; No voices warble a sweet refrain ; No patter of footsteps across the floor. Lone and deserted the old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds flit through the silent rooms, ; Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and window pane ? Where are the dear ones who watched with love Theeteps that pattered a sweet refrain ? One by one they were sarnered in To tuefold of "the tender Shepherd's care ; Whokeepsfrqmdgerandf reefromsia All who are gathered and waiting there. - Until of ihe.ntunber whofhere-did f«rell, With careless laughter, merry and free ; . But threo were.left in the cottage grey 'Neath the' moss-grown roof and the linden tree. 5 Father and mother and youngest born Alone were left 'neath the old roof-tree ; Alone they wept o'er the pulseless forms ; For the faces they never again could see. But buoyant youth, with his hopeful heart, Looked forth to the future with longing eyes ; And rather and mother, and home and friends Were left for the beauty of fairer skies. Out on the highway a ragged form Comes feebly along by the broken gate. Who are his mends and where is his home ? Where is he going tq- uight so late ? Only a tramp f to be shunned of men ; Homeless and friendless : hungry and poor ; Why does he pause in the misty light, And sadly look toward the cottage door ? Only a tramp ! to be scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to door, Moneyless, homeless, friendless, and lone ; Homesick and weary, heartbroken poor. Only a tramp ! with & groan of despair. He tremblingly opens the broken gate ; And/eels through the awful stillness there That he has returned, alas ! too late / No loving voice welcomes the tramp's return Ab feebly he totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless and lone 4 Tired and discouraged; friendless and poor. No one to pity him; none to forgive ; No one to succour him ; none to caress : No one to care for him; sick and alone ; God pity the tramp in his homelessnpsa. — Helejt Baeton Deksmoee, in Sural World. , 