J5KUAU13 KIM 'S iNEVV i'OJiK LETTEE. No ecclesiastical event in the past twenty years has QauBedv a-more profound sensation than th'e'installation of Doctor Abbott at Plymouth-Church in Brooklyn, and the or dination' of Mr. Bliss, Doctor Abbotl's assistant, which took place last week. As was expected, the gathering was a great one. No sectional lines hedged it in. Stout defenders of John Calvin and John Knox stood Bide by side with the disciples of John Wesley and Summerfield; admirers of Clian ning and Theodore Parker found themselves in friendly converse with the most devout of Trinitarians, while Open Communion and Hard-shell Baptists forgot their differences for the time, seeming to regard the occasion as a sort of general amnesty or jubilee where the sectarian fences were all broken down and everybody was privileged to roam where he pleased in everybody else's pasture. Andover was out in full force; Yale had sent a num ber of. representatives ; Harvard was right behind her; good old Princeton occupied a foremost seat, and the Wesleyao University had a half-dozen graduates among the council. The grand old Episcopal church was repre sented by the towering form of Phillips Brooks of Boston, the Rev. Dr. Donald, and two others nearly as famous. Two men were notably absent, Dr. Charles A. Hall of Holy Trinity, the Episcopal clergyman, who was Mr- ' Beecher's life-long friend and who preached his funeral sermon, and Dr. Richard S. Starrs,'the lion of the tribe of Judah, the honored pastor of the Church of the Pilgrims and the greatest living Congregational clergy man. The right hand of fellowship had not been extended to him by the invitation com mittee and his presence was greatly missed. Neither death ndr the grave could condone the offence of which Plymouth claimed Dr. Storrs had been'guilty at the trial of their beloved pastor a decade and a half ago. Will that ill-starred ghost never go down ? Everybody was eulogistic of Mr. Beecher. Dr. Meredith, the moderator, spoke of him in in terms of the greatest affection, and his sentiments were re echoed by all who followed him. They had all appeared to have for gotten that years before his death he had stamped out thelioeathat mark the boundaries of modern evangelical belief, and that the doctrine of ihe Trinity and eternal punish ment had long been eliminated from his teachings. The sensation began when Dr. Abbott was called upon for a declaration of faith. Now, if Dr. Abbott possesses one quality which is superior to any other, it is straightforwardness, and as the declaration proceeded it was evident that the bread which Mr. Beecher cast upon the waters when Dr. Abbott was a neophyte beneath his preaching, was returning after many days. Baptists, Methodists, and sound old Ca'vinists began to look doubtinaly at each other and shake their iieads ; here and there some reverend member quietly took up bis bat and edged towards the door.' The Rev. Dr. McLeod, of the Clinton Avenue Congregational Church, made a bee-line for the street, nor stopped till he reached the quiet of his own study, for fear the vote of endorsement might be called before he got out, for he was satisfied that if a man was not a Trinitarian, which he thought Dr. Abbott was not, that he must be a Unitarian, and as there was no provision made for eternal punishment in that form of faith, he did not want, by stopping, to give it even a qualified endorsement. When Dr. Abbott was asked if Plymouth Church held itself amenable to the Congregational Council, he firmly but courteously told them that Plymouth Church was abundantly able to take care of its own affairs, and was quite willing that every church in the world should have the same privilege. When Mr. Bliss, the assistant pastor, made his declaration, he set the whole Council hunting their classical lexicons. When he had finished, they felt they- had much fine mental food for reflection on hand, but as it was not easily digested, they took the night to consider it. Plymouth church is perfectly satisfied with her new pastor—Mr. Abbott is delighted with Plymouth, and it was pretty evident to those present, that hereafter, as heretofore, Plymouth church is going to be a law unto itself. A most interesting feature of the council was the presence of the Rev. Edward Beecher, who preached the installation sermon for his great brother between forty and fifty years ago. Ripe in learning, venerable with age, it is only a short time 6ince he lost one of his limbs in a railroad accident. The terrible operation through which he passed would have killed many a younger man, but sustained by that indomitable Beecher will, he sal through the council, and added greatly by his presence to the interest of the occasion. At last it eeeins that the Stewart will case is settled, and the published reports state that Hilton has got the lion's share of the estate. At Mrs. Stewart's death he brought her in debt to himself nearly a million of dollars ; -this, it is said, lie forgives the heirs, or in other words, the million is not to be taken out of their shares. Here seems to be a very clear statement of the whole affair: A. T. Stewert died, and left Judge Hilton, who was his legal adviser, a million of dollars in cold cash. Mrs. Stewart, nee Cornelia Finch, at the time ol her husband's death was a weak old woman between sixty and seventy. Dur ing her husband's life she never had much intercourse with the world, and knew nothing of business. Judge Hilton assumed charge of her affairs, and taking the million that her husband had given him, induced her to d ed to him properties worth between thirty and forty millions of dollars, all first clas-s paying investments," and then set himself to work to get the million of dollars that he had paid her back again. This he not only succeeded in doing, but he brought ber a million of dollars in debt to him at the time of her decease. Fairy tales there are in abundance, stories by Baron Munchausen, and others equally veraeiouB ; but in history or fiction there is nothing like this. But the parties most intimately concerned seem to be satisfied, and there the matter ends. It is not yet fixed whether Judge Hilton will demand that his remains, when he balances his earthly ledger, shall lie in the shadow of the magnifi cent spire that covers the Stewart Mausoleum ; but if he should, and it be true that the dry bones of the millionaire merchant have really found a resting-place in their costly marble sarcophagus beside his wife, I can imagine them rattling like hail in a wintry storm, as the minister of God pronounces the words " asbes to ashes,"dust to dust." It is a matter of little moment after all who gets the judg ment of these ill-gotten millions. Pile his gold up mountain high, he cannot keep it long ; it is all summed up in the sentence, " Dust thou art, and to dust thou must re turn." ' Now, if any one imagines that women are not getting on, let them come to New Yoi k and look about. Everybody has heard of the Sovoaia. A very nice club, 110 doubt; lots of bruins in it and oceans of talent, good, level headed women; not ladies in the sense of persons that, can do nothing but in the serine of being able to do everything. I repeat here what 1 have often said before, that you could hear better mu-ic, better singing, and better speaking ut a meeting of the Sorosis than you caii find at any other half-dozen male clubs in j the citv. But- it is an upper-erust club ; the -women who compose it for the most part are not only talented, but well-to-do; most of them are women of wealth, or else those wiio in literature or art have«tnade their mark in. tlie world. But we have also a working woman's club, or rather a series of clubs reaching all over the city, which now has a membership of nearly five thousand. Last week tbey had a ball all amo»g themselves— not a fellow in eight. And do you think they missed them ? Not a bit of it. Thirteen hun dred of them took part in the ball, and they w^re oil dressed alike, the only difference bsing the color of the club badgeB. Nobody tried to outshine anybody else, for no one was allowed to spend more than ten cents, on adornment, nnd how sweet they ail did look in their natty French caps. Oh my, my! it was a sight to see. And the grand Patriarch's ball at Del monico's, given by the creme la ereme, was not more decorous or polite. Miss Grace M. Dodge, the great female philanthropist, who was recently deposed from our School Board because she exposed wicked teachers, presided, and it is hardly necessary to say that the girls had a royal time. The only distressing feature to it was, that the girls enjoyed them selves so much that they said they never would go to a ball again where there was a man ! That's awful. J In addition to the above, the Berkley opened its gymnasium this week, said to be the finest female gymnasium in the world. The club is Btrong in numbers and finance, and holds in its mombershipsome of the wealthiest ladies in the city. A few years ago a number of ladies felt that they would like to have some place where for gentle exercise they could play among themselves a quiet game of billiards ; then a bowling alley was added, which, by the way, is now quite a fashionable amusement with thousands of ladies in the city. Then a room was added with dumb-bells and clubs, and the finale outcome is the splendid gymna sium that was opened last week. Here the ladies are taught every exercise that can develop their frames and give them healthy bodies. They can fence and box and do everything that any man can do. But, like the Sorosis, this is one of our swell clubs. To sustain it the initiation and dues are high, but it is a most excellent thing for those who can afford it. In addition to this we have a Woman's Press Club and a Female Art Club, all helpful and excellent institutions, so you see women are getting on. The globe trotter Nelly Bly is an evidence of what woman can do when she tries. Talk about fast woman, on her arrival in New York she will no doubt be regarded as the fastest woman that the world has ever seen. We are all -wondering here why the World never mentions the fact of her journey or her coming. I suppose it is on account of its proverbial modesty. I have bad frequent occasions to speak of the sharp contrasts of life occurring every day, but at no time have they impressed me more thau in the weak just passed. Oa Wednesday a police officer was leading a tottering old man towards the police court where he expected to be committed to the Inebriate Asylum. His limbs failed him, and he sat down on a doorstep to rest, and a moment after he rolled over dead. He was the father of Ada Reham, the pet of the New York theatre-going public and the pride of Daly's Company, ani whose second daughter is married to the .talented young actor Oliver Dowd Byron. Drink was the old man's ourse, and his children are over whelmed with grief at the manner of his death* Dramatic circles are shocked and pained to learn that to learn that the favorite a-tor Frank Bangs was lying sick and destitute at a small hotel in town. It was not ouly a shack but a surprise, for Mr. Bangs has been one of the best paid actors in the United States, for many y^ars past his salary running from one hundred and fifty to two hundred and fifty dollars per week. He was in great demand, and if he was ever out of an engage ment it was his own fault, for he was a universal favorite. He married one of Singer's numerous daughters a few years ago. She was crazy till she gat him, and after a trial of a couple of weeks she was crazy till she got rid of him, alleging as a cause tbat he was fonder of his little pet dog Toby than he was of her. On the news of his unfortunate situation the actors' fund came to his relief, and he is now doing well. 