Novelist. The Mystery of the Inn; Or, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. By Anna Catharine Green. Author of "The Leavenworth Case," "Behind Closed Doors," etc. CHAPTER XXV. MARK FELT. Subjected as I have been in the last three hours to distress and turmoil, I was delighted to find mademoiselle asleep, and to behold her peaceful face. Gazing at it, and noting the happy smile which unconsciously lingered on her lips, I could not but feel that, despite the hideous revelations which lay before her, her lot was an enviable one, allied as it promised to be with that of one of such high principles as the marquis. Though I am old now, and have had my day, the love of the innocent and pure is sacred to me, and in this case it certainly has the charm of a spotless lily blooming in the jaws of hell. As it was late and I was almost ex- hausted, I began to think of rest. But my uneasiness in regard to madame would not let me sleep till I had made another visit to her room. So, leaving the gentle sleeper wrapped in serenest dreams, I proceeded to descend once more. As I passed the great clock on the stairs I noticed that it was almost midnight, and began to hasten my steps, when I heard a loud knock at the front door. This is not an infrequent sound with us, but it greatly startled me this night. I even remember pausing and looking helplessly up and down the hall, as if it were a question whether I should obey this unwelcome summons. But such knocking as speedily followed could not be long ignored. So, subduing my im- patience, I hastened to the door, and un- locking it, threw it open. A gust of wind and rain greeted me. This was my first surprise, for I had not even noticed that the weather was unplea- sant, so completely had I been absorbed by what was going on in the house. My next was the bearing and appearance of the stranger who demanded my hospi- tality. For though both face and form were unknown to me, there was that in his aspect which stirred recollections not out of keeping with the unhappy subject then occupying all my thoughts. Yet I could not speak his name, or put into words the anticipations that vaguely agi- tated me, and led him through the hall and into the comfortable sitting-room so lately vacated by the marquis, with no more distinct impression in my mind than that something was about to happen which would complete rather than inter- rupt the horrors of this eventful night. And when the light fell full upon him, and I could see his eager eyes, this feel- ing increased. and no sooner had his cloak fallen from his shoulders and his hat left his head, then I recognised the prominent jaw and earnest face, and put- ting no curb on my impetuosity, I ex- claimed at once, and without a doubt: "Mr. Felt !" The utterance of this name seemed to cause no surprise to my new guest. " The same," he replied; "and you are Mrs. Truax, of course. Mr. Tamworth has described you to me, also this inn till I feel as if I knew its every stone. I did not wish to visit it, but I could not help myself. An unknown influence has been drawing me here for days. and though I resisted it with all my strength, it finally became so powerful that I rose from my bed at night, saddled my horse and started in this direction. I have been twenty hours on the road, but part of these I have spent in the thicket just over against you on the opposite side of the road. For the sight of the house awakened in my mind such a disturbance that I feared to show myself at the door. A voice out of the air seemed to cry, 'Not yet! not yet ? Nevertheless I could not go back, nor leave the spot, which, once seen, possessed for me a fatal fascination." I was speechless. Good heavens ! were the old psychological influences at work, and had they acted upon him at forty miles distance? "You come from Albany ?" I at last stammered forth. "You must have had a wet time of it; it storms heavily, I see." "Storms!" he repeated, glancing at the cloak he had thrown off. " Great Heaven ! my cloak is saturated, and I did not even know it rained. A touch of the old spell." he murmured. "Some thing is about to happen to me ; some thing has drawn me with purpose to this house " I felt awe-struck. Would he guess next what that something was ? "At eleven o'clock" he went on, with the abstracted airs of one recalling an ex- perience, " I felt a pang shoot through my breast. I had been looking stead- fastly at these walls, and somewhere about the buildings light seemed to go out, for a pall of darkness suddenly settled upon it, simultaneously with the cessation of that imaginary cry which had hitherto detained me. Where was that light, Mrs. Truax, and what has hap- pened hear that I should feel myself called upon to cross this threshold to- night ?" I did not answer at once, for I was trembling. Was I to be subjected to another such an ordeal as I had ex- perienced earlier in the evening and be forced to prepare, by such means as lay in my power, a much abused man for a most dreadful revelation ? It began to look so. "What has called me here ?" he re- peated. "Danger to her or death to him ? They are thousands of miles away, and Tamworth could not have yet reached them, but peril of some deadly nature menaces them, I know. A stroke has gone home to him or her, and it is in this place I am to learn it; is it not so, Mrs. Truax'?" "Perhaps," I tremblingly assented. " There is a gentleman here from France who may be able to tell you something of the man and the woman you mean. Would it affect you very much to hear disastrous news of them ?'" "I cannot say." he answered; "it should not. Mr. Tamworth tells me that he has acquainted you with the story of my life. Do you think I should feel over whelmed at any retribution following a crime that was committed almost as much against me as against the pure and noble being who was the visible sufferer ?" "I shrink from answering," I re- turned; " the human heart is a curious thing. If he alone were to suffer— " " Ah, he !" was the bitter ejaculation. " Or if she," I proceeded, "were bound by no ties appealing to the sympathies ! But she is a mother—" " Good heavens !' " I had not thought it would affect him so, and stood appalled. " A mother !" he repeated; " she ! she ! the tigress, the heartless one, "with no more soul than the naked dagger I should have plunged into her breast and did not ! Great leaven ! and this child has lived, I suppose; is grown up and—and—" "Is the sweetest, purest;: most un- worldly of beautiful women that these eyes have ever rested upon." I thought he would spring upon me, he leaned forward with so much impetu- osity. "How do you know '" he asked, and my heart stood still at the question. " Because I have seen her," I presently rejoined. "Because I have had opportu- nities for studying her heart. She is called Honora; and she is like Miss Dudleigh, only more beautiful and with more claims to what is called character." He did not seem to take in my words. " You have been to France" he de- clared. "No," I corrected, "Miss Urquhart has been here." He fell back, then started forward again, opened his lips and stared wildly; half fearfully about the room. "Here?" he repeated, evidently over- come at the idea. " Why did they send her here? I should as soon have ex- pected them to send her into the murk of the bottomless pit. A girl, an inno- cent girl, you say, and sent here ?" "They had reasons, besides, she did not come alone." This time he understood me. "Oh ! " he shrieked, "she is in the house. I might have known it;" he went on more calmly; "I did, only I would not believe it. Her crime has drawn her to the place of its perpetration. She could not resist the magnetic influence which all places of blood have upon the guilty. She has come back ! And he?" I shook my head. "The man had less courage." I de- clared. "Perhaps because he was more guilty; perhaps because he had less love." " Love ?" "It was love for the daughter which drew the mother here, not the spell of her crime or the accusing spirit of the dead. The woman who wronged you has some heart; she was willing to risk detection, and with it her reputation and life, to see if by any possibility she could venture to give happiness to the one being whom she really loves." "Explain ; I do not understand. How could she hope to find happiness for her child here ?" "By settling the question which has evidently tortured her. By determining once for all whether the crime of sixteen years back had ever been discovered, and if she found it had not, to satisfy at once her own pride and her daughter's heart by giving that daughter to as noble a gentleman as ever carried a sword." " And they are here now ?" " They are here." "And she has discovered—" "The futility of all her hopes." He drew back, and his heavy breath echoed in deep pants through the room. " What an end for Marah Leighton !" he gasped. "What an end ! And she is here !" he went on, after a moment of silent emotion—" under this roof ! No wonder I felt myself called hither. And she knows her crime is detected ! How came she to know this ? Did you re- cognise her, and tell her ?" " I recognised her and told her. There was no other course. We met in the secret chamber, whither she had come to make her own terrible investigations ; and the sight of her there, on the spot, where she had left the innocent to die, was too much for my sense of justice. I accused her to her face, and she crouched before me as under the lash. There was no possibility of denial after that, and she now lies—" " Wait ! " he cried, catching me pain- fully by the arm. " When was this? To-day—to-night ? " Not two hours ago." His brow took on a look of awe. "You see," he murmured, "she has power over me yet. When her hope broke, something snapped within me here. I abhor her, but I feel her grief. She was once all the world to me." I recognised his right to emotion, and did not profane it by any words of mine. Instead of that I sought to leave him, but he would not let me go till he had asked another question. "And the daughter?" he urged. " Does she know of the approbrium which must fall upon her head ?" " She sleeps," I replied, " with a smile of the shyest delight upon her lips. Her lover has followed her to this place, and the last words she heard to-night were those of his devotion. Her suffering must come to-morrow ; yet it will be mitigated, for he will not forsake her, whatever shame may follow his loyalty. I have his word for that." " Then the earth holds two lovers," was Mark Felt's rejoinder. " I thought it held but one." And with a sigh he let go my arm and I turned to the window, with its back- ground of driving rain and pitiless flashes of lightning. I took the opportunity to excuse my- self for a few minutes, and hurrying again into the hall, hastened, with ner- vous fear and agitation greatly heightened by the unexpected interview I had just been through, to the now oft opened door leading into the oak parlor. I found it closed, but not locked, and pushing it open, listened for a moment, then took a glance within. All was quiet and ghostly. A single candle guttering on the table at one end of the room lent a partial light by which I could discern the funeral bed and the other heavy and desolate-looking articles of furniture with which the room was encumbered. Some flowers of Honora's, withering on the windowseat, spoke of tender hopes not yet vanished from her tender dreams, but elsewhere all was hard, all was dreary, all was inexorably forbidding and cold. I shuddered as I looked, and shuddered still more as I approached the bed and paused firmly before it. "Madame Letellier "—it was the only name by which I could bring myself to address her at that instant—" there is one gleam of brightness in your sky. The marquis knows the story of your guilt, yet consents to marry your daughter." I received no reply. Shaken by fresh doubts, and moved by an inexplicable terror, I stood still for a moment gathering up my strength, then I repeated my words, this time with sharp emphasis and scarcely concealed importunity. " Madame," said I, "the marquis knows your guilt, yet consents to marry your daughter." But the silence within remained un- broken, and not a movement displaced the sombre falling curtains. Agitated beyond endurance, I stretched forth my hand and drew those curtains aside. An unexpected sight met my eyes. There was no madame there; the bed was empty. CHAPTER XXVI. FOR THE LAST TIME. My eyes turned immediately in the di- rection of the secret chamber. Its en- trance was closed, but I knew she was hidden there as well as if the door had been open and I had seen her. What should I do ? For a moment I hesitated, then I rushed from the room and hastened back to Mr. Felt. I found him standing with a his face to the door, eagerly awaiting my return. " What has happened ?" he asked, im- portunately. "Your face is as pale as death." " Because death is in the house. Ma- dame—" " Ah !" "Lies not in her bed. nor is she to be found in her room. There is another place, however, in which instinct tells me we shall find her, and if we do, we shall find her—dead !" "In her daughter's room ? At her daughter's bedside ?" "No; in the secret chamber." He gazed at me with wild and haggard aspect. "You are right," he hoarsely assented. " Let us go ; let us seek her; it may not be too late." The entrance to this hidden room was closed, as I have said, and as I had never assisted at its opening, I did not know where to find the hidden spring by means of which the panel was moved. We had, therefore, to endure minutes of suspense. while Mr. Felt fumbled at the wainscot- ing. The candle I held shook with my agitation, and though I had heard no- thing of the storm before, it seemed now as if every gust which came swooping down upon the house tore its way through my shrinking consciousness with a force and menace that scattered the last rem- nant of self-possession. Not an instant in the whole terrible day had been more frightful to me, no, not the moment when I first heard the sliding of this very panel and the sound of her crawling form ap- proaching me through the darkness. The vivid flashes of lightning that shot every now and then through the cracks of the closely shuttered window, making a skeleton of its frame-work, added not at little to my terror, there being no other light in the room save that and the flickering, almost dying flame, with which I strove to aid Mr. Felt's endea- vors and only succeeded in lighting up his anxious and heavily bedewed fore- head. "Oh, oh !" was my moan "this is terrible ! Let us quit it or go around to my own room, where there is an open door." But he did not hear me. His efforts had become frantic and he tore at the wainscoting as if he would force it open by main strength. " You cannot reach her that way," I declared. " Perhaps my hand may be more skilful. Let me try." But he only increased his efforts. " I am coming, Marah ; I am coming !" he called, and at once, as if guided by some angel's touch, his finger's slipped upon the spring. Immediately it yielded and the opening so eagerly sought for was made. "Go in," he gasped, " go in." And so it was that the fate which had forced me against my will, and in despite of such intense shrinking to pass so fre- quently into that hideous spot, where death held its revel and Nemesis awaited its victim, drove me thither once again, and, as I now hope, for the last time. For, there upon the floor, and almost in the same spot where we had found lying the remains of innocent Honora Urqu- hart, we saw, as my premonition had told me she should, the outstretched form of the unhappy being who had usurped her place in life, and now, in re- tribution for that act, had laid her head down upon the same couch in death. She was pulseless and quite cold. Upon her mouth her left hand lay pressed, as if, with her last breath, she sought to absorb the pure kiss which had been left there by the daughter she so much loved. CHAPTER XXVII. A LAST WORD. Did Marah Leighton will the coming of her old lover to my inn on that fatal night ? That is the question I asked, when, with the first breaking of the morning light, I discovered lying on the table under an empty phial, a letter ad- dressed, not to her husband, not to her child, but to him, Mark Felt. It is a question that will never be an- swered, but I know that he comforts himself with the supposition, and allows the trembling hope to pass, at times, across his troubled spirit, that in the bitterness of those last hours some touch of the Divine mercy may have moved her soul and made her fitter for his memory to dwell upon. The letter I afterwards read. It was as follows: TO THE MAN WHO GAVE ALL, BORE ALL, REAPED NOTHING BUT SUFFERING: I am not worthy to write you, even with the prospect of death before me. But an influence I do not care to combat, drives me to make you, of all men, the confidant of my remorse. I did not perish sixteen years ago in the Hudson River. I lived to share in and profit by a crime that has left an indelible stain upon my life, and an ineffaceable darkness within my soul. You know, or soon will know, what that crime was, and how we prospered in it. Daring as it was dreadful, I heard its fearful details planned by his lips, without a shudder, because I was mad in those days, mad for wealth, mad for power, mad for adventure. The only mad- ness I did not feel was love. This I say to comfort a pride that must have been sorely wounded in those days, as sorely wounded as your heart. Edwin Urquhart could make my eyes shine and my blood run swiftly, but not so swiftly as to make me break my troth with you, had he not sworn to me that through him I should gain what moved me more than any man's love. How he was to ac- complish this I could not see in the begin- ning, and was so little credulous of his being able to keep his oaths that I let myself be drawn by you almost to the church door. But I got no further. There in the crowd he stood with a command in his eyes which forbade any further advance. Though I comprehended nothing then, I obeyed his look and went back, for my heart was not in any marriage, and it war in the hopes to which his looks seemed to point. Later he told me what those hopes were. He had been down to Long Island, and, while there, had chanced to hear in some tavern of the Happy-Go-Lucky Inn and its secret cham- ber, and he saw, or thought he saw, how he could make me his without losing the bene- fit of an alliance with Miss Dudleigh. And I thought I saw also, and entered into his plans, though they comprised crime and en- I tailed horrors upon me from which women naturally shrink. I was hard as the nether millstone of which the Bible speaks, and went determinedly on in the path of dissi- mulation and crime which had been marked out for me, till we came to this inn. Then, owing, perhaps, to my long imprisonment in the dreadful box, I began to feel qualms of physical fear and such harrowing mental forebodings, that more than once during that terrible evening I came near shouting for release. But I was held back by apprehensions as great as any from which a premature release from my place of hiding could have freed me. I dared not face Honora, and I dared not subject Edwin Urquhart to the conse- quences of a public recognition of our perfidy, and so I let my opportunity go by, and became the sharer, as I was already the instigator, of the unheard-of crime by which I became, in the eyes of the world, his wife. What I suffered during its perpetration no word of mine can convey. I cringed to her moans; I shook under the blow that stifled them. And when all was over, and the bolts which confined me were shot back, and I found myself once more on my feet and in the free air of this most horrible of rooms. I looked about, not for him, but her, and when I did not see her or any token of her death, I was seized by such an agony of revulsion that I uttered a great and irre- pressible cry which filled the house, and brought more than one startled inquirer to our door. For retribution and remorse were already busy within me, and in the lurking shadows about the fire place I thought I saw the lone and narrow slit made by the half- closed panel standing open between me and the secret place of her entombment. And though it was but an optical delusion, the panel being really closed, it might as well have been the truth, for I have never been able to rid myself of the sight of that chi- merical strip of darkness, with its sugges- tions of guilt and death. It haunted my vision; it ruined my life; it destroyed my peace. If I shut my eyes at night it opened before me. If I arrayed myself in jewels and rich raiment, and paused to take but a passing look at myself in the glass, this horror immediately came between me and my own image, blotting the vision of wealth from my eyes; so that I went into the homes of the noble or the courts of the king a clouded miserable thing, seeing nothing but that black and narrow slit closing upon youth and beauty and innocence forever and forever and forever. My child came. Ah ! that I should have to mention her here ! I do it in penance, I do it in despair; since with her my heart woke, and for her that heart is now broken, never to be healed again. O, if the know- ledge of my misery wakens in you one thought that is not of revenge, cast a pity- ing eye upon this darling one, left in a hate- ful country without friends, without lover, without means. For friends and lover and means will all leave her with the revelations which the morning will bring, unless Heaven is merciful to her innocence as it has been just to my guilt, she will have no other goal before her than that which has opened its refuge for me. As for her father, let Heaven deal with him. He gave me this darling child; so I may not curse him, even if I cannot bless, MARAH. October 23, 1791. I have seen one bright thing to-day, and that was the faint and almost un- earthly gleam which shot for a moment from beneath Honora's falling lids, as I told her what love was and how the mar- quis only awaited her permission to speak, to assure her of his boundless af- fection, and his undying purpose to be true to her even to the point of assuming her griefs and taking upon himself the protection of her innocence. If it had not been for this, I should have felt that the world was too dark to remain in, and life was too horrible to be endured. November 30, 1791. I thought that when Honora Urquhart left my house to be married to M. De Fontaine in the church below the hill, peace would return to us once more. But there is no peace. This morning another horrible tragedy defiled my door step. I was sitting in the open porch waiting for the mail coach, for it seemed to me that it was about time I received some word from Mr. Tamworth. It was yet some minutes before the time when the rumble of the coach is usually heard, and I was brooding, as was natural, over the more than terrible occurrences of the last few weeks, when I heard the clatter of horses' hoofs, and looking up and down the road, saw a small party of men ap- proaching from the south. As they came nearer, I noticed that one of the riders was white-haired and presumably aged, and was interesting myself in him, when he came near enough for me to recognise his features, and I perceived it was no other than Mr. Tamworth. Rising in perturbation, I glanced at the men behind and abrest of him, and saw that one of these rode with lowered head and an oppressed mien, and was just about to give that person a name in my mind, when the horse he bestrode sud- denly reared, bolted, and dashed forward to where I sat, flinging his rider at the very threshold of my house, where lie lay senseless as the stone upon which his head had fallen. For an instant both his companions and myself paused aghast at a sight so ter- rible and bewildering; then, amid cries from the road and one wild shriek from within, I rushed forward, and turning over the head, looked upon the face of the fallen man. It was not a new one to me. Though changed and seamed and white now in death, I recognised it at once. It was that of Edwin Urquhart. This noon I took down the sign which has swung for twenty years over my front door. " Happy-Go-Lucky " is scarcely the name for an inn accursed by so many horrors. February 3, 1792. This week I have fulfilled the threat of years ago. I have had the oak parlor and its hideous adjunct torn from my house. Now, perhaps I can sleep. March 16. News from Honora. The distant rela- tive who succeeded to the estates and the title of the Marquis de la Roche-Guyon has fallen a victim to the guillotine. Would this have been the fate of Ho- nora's husband had he forsaken her and returned home? There is reason to be- lieve it. At all events, she finds herself greatly comforted by this news for the sacrifice which her husband made to his love, and no longer regrets the exile to which he has been forced to submit for her sake. Wonderful, wonderful Provi- dence ! I view its workings with renewed awe every day. September 5, 1795: I have been from home. I have been on a visit to New York. I have tasted of change, of brightness, of free and cheerful living, and I can settle down now in this old, and fast decaying inn with something else to think about than ruin and fearful retribution. I have been visiting Madame De Fon- taine. She wished me to come, I think, that I might see how amply her married life had fulfilled the promise of her courtship days. Though she and her noble husband live in peaceful retire- ment, and without many of the appurte- nances of wealth, they find such re- sources of delight in each other's com- panionship that it would be hard for the most exacting witness of their mutual felicity to wish them any different fate, or to desire for them any wider field of social influence. The marquis—I shall always call him thus—has found a friend in General Washington, and though he is never seen at the President's receptions, or mingles his voice in the councils of his adopted country, there are evidences constantly appearing of the confidence reposed in him by this great man, which cannot but add to the exile's contentment and satis- faction. Honora has developed into a grand beauty. The melancholy which her un- happy memories have necessarily infused into her countenance have given depth to her expression, which was always sweet and frequently touching. She looks like a queen, but like a queen who has known not only grief, but love. There is nothing of despair in her glance, rather a lofty hope, and when her affec- tions are touched, or her enthusiasm roused, she smiles with such a heavenly brightness in her countenance, that I think there is no fairer woman in the world, as I am assured there is none worthier. Her husband agrees with me in this opinion, and is so happy that she said to me one day : " I sometimes wonder how my heart succeeds in holding the joy which Heaven has seen fit to grant me. In it I read the forgiveness of God for the unutterable sins of my parents; and although the shadows will come, and do come, when ever I think upon the past, or see a face which, like yours, recalls memories as bitter as ever overwhelmed an innocent girl in her first youth, I find that, with every year of love and peaceful living, the darkness grows less, as if, somewhere in the boundless heavens, the mercy of God was making itself felt in the heart of her who once called herself my mother." And hearing her speak thus, I felt my own breast lose something of the oppres- sion which had hitherto weighed it down. And as the days passed, and I ex- perienced more and more of the true peace that comes with perfect love and perfect trust, I found my tears turned to rejoicing, and the story of my regrets into songs of hope. And so I have come back comforted and at rest. If there are yet ghosts haunting the old inn, I do not see them, and though its walls are dismantled, its custom gone, and its renown a thing of the past, I can still sit on its grass-grown doorstep and roam through its fast de- caying corridors without discovering any blacker shadow following me than that of my own figure, bent now with age, and only held upright by the firmness of the little cane with which I strive to give aid to my tottering and uncertain steps. The grace of God has fallen at last upon the Happy-Go-Lucky Inn. (THE END.) 