A MEDIUM EXPOSED. (sax feaxcisoo chboxicle.) New Vork, 1st June. — Before the wondering eyes of twenty-five witnesses, and aided by the glare from two electric lights, a heartless char latan, who for years has tradeia and grown rich on the most sacred secrets of the household, was exposed fully and completelyon Saturday after noon in the city of Brooklyn. The pretended spirit of a dead woman was seized, held and LIT rAiuwfan +/» fhA IIIDGS Wllft lin fn that moment had believed firmly and sincerely that they were face to face with the materialised form of one returned from toe great beyond. So overwhelming was the evidence oi fraud that the assemblage was not only thoroughly con vinced, but half a dozen of toe firmest believers were ready to invoke the aid of the law to punish tbe wretched creature, who, for a few dollars was ready to practice one of toe most outrageous deceptions known to mankind. In toe systematic preparation and the novelty of toe conspirators' plans toe exposure stands without parallel in the history of similar events in any part of the world. Two storage bat teries carried in hip pockets by two reporters ana connected with incandescent lamps of ten- candle power each, concealed in inner vest pockets, furnished toe light that #as flatoed in toe face of the bogus ghost and revealed toe , cowering medium as toe personator. Her «hams - and mortification ware so com- plete that for pity's Ml»toeTO|wmitteato return to toe ctomet, whereinanginBh of spirit she threw aside her spiritual toggoy. dressed herself In everyday attire, and. cried anfl iraved ' because toe had been de tected. - The name of this so-called medium is Mrs, jCsdwdL and die Eves at No. .244 JxiEgton A-Venee, - between Bettord and Xwtrand Avenime, ill the Twenty -third V. aid of Hie city of Brooklyn. She named jiroman, about HeSel«od toes with her, as do her eons and daughters. She has three aafwanfa and hwyfiarlP inCOIPO ffOBI heTBUC- of the vxednlous cannot fall far short of £1,000. 