THE RESTRICTIONIST "AGE" BOWLED OUT. (lb the Editor of the Evening Penny Pos t.) Stzn?-Perhaps you have noticed a paragraph hi the Queanboyan Age of the 3rd instant in which the editor of that paper-who was in Sydney daring that week-had raised the sectarian cry, to endetivour, no doubt, to bring discredit on the freetrade cause. As a general rule the restric tibnisis endeavour, as the Age has now done, to make it appear when an election is coming in the dietance that the frectraders raise the sectarian cry. Ir have howled out the Age now, however, and intend to have the saddle placed on the right horse. When I saw the paragraph in the Age I sent a copy of it to Mr. Paleford, and asked him to bring it before the Conncil of the Fceetrade and Liberal Association and got them to find out if Mr. Caulfield had said what he was charged with in the Age. If it was proved he'did, then they must consider him a traitor to the freetrade party, and unless they immediately dealt with him as esuch our cause would ensuffer. Yesterday I had the following reply : "Sydney,- Gth May, 1800.-Wm. Afileak, Esq., Guudaroo.-Dear Sir,-Your favour of the 6th instant duly to hand. Mr. Puleford is unfortunately confined throughillnese to his bed. Your letter, however, will receive full consideration, and due steps will be taken, full particulaes of which will ba communicated to you as early as possible.-Yours truly, E. Puevrono, per H. Cotiues." This was the step I took. I did not com municate with Mr. Caulfield, but was rather pleased thie morning at receiving a letter-a copy of which I herewith send you, viz.: "108 Pitt-dtreet, Sydney, "7th May, 1890. "Mr. Wm. Afilolek, Gandaroo. "Dear Sir,-I have read the paragraph that appeared in the Queanbeyan Age of the 3rd instant, and which runs as follows :-' Speakineg of a general election atno distant date I was in conversation with Mr. Caulfield, the boy poli. tician-himself a recent convert to freetrade pure and simple. He ridiules the freetrade party, and says they are only protectienists under a misnomer. Talking of our awn electorate, and the chances of Mr. Downing as asuccessor to Mr. O'Sullivan, he holds that N. B. D. has not the ghost of a chance, and predicts that his colour -never mind what, only it is decidedly not Australian blue-will kill him.' I have only to day that the statements contained in this para graph are untrue. I did not speak of the free trade party in terms of ridicule to anyonen, nor is it likely I would do so in view of the fact that I have the honor to hold a seat on the Freetrade Council, and I made no reference to Mr. Downing's colour. In the battle we arc now fighting for industrial freedom we have net time or the desire to iotice the colour of anybody: As I know nothing of the Queanboyan elee. torate I have no idea of Mr. Downing's chance of success, but as he is an uncompromising free. trader I hope to son him elected for Queanbeyan. Mr. O'Sullivan is a friend of mine, but as he is striving to forge further fetters on the masses I would consider it my duty to usne every effort to keep him out of the House. "I am, yours truly, "•J. P. T. OAIurrtna." I have sent a copy of Mr. O.'s letter to the Herald, Quoanbeyan Times, and the Age; so that those interested will seeo if the next Quean. beyan battle is to be fought out on colour, it is not the frcotraders who have.started it. The proteootionists have only their own organto thank for it. Yours truly, WILLIAM AFFLEOK. 