LITERATURE. Electric lighting. Hardly any branch, of science can register such an extensive progress on the pages of its history as electricity during the last decennium. The inven tions made and successfully launched for the benefit of mankind in general count T»TtririT'Oi^ a orirl nc \\\ vnfAXxr ovitt i-Iott nvi/l ^ without bringing us something new in that line, it would mean carrying owls to Athens if we attempted oven to sum up the most important ones, which through their usefulness have already been revolutionising in various directions. But, like with everything new that makes its appearance on the horizon of daily life, electricity, and especially electric lighting, lias to contend with a great deal of doubt as to its ultimate useful ness. This doubtful feeling, however, springs in most cases from the insufficient knowledge which the average man has of this marvellous motive power. The ques tion, electricity versus gas, is therefore very seldom discussed on its merits, be cause most men who think they are able to speak on this subject would be. severely disconcerted should they be put to the test as regards their knowledge, ?which, mostly does not even go as far as being aware of the existence of positive and negative currents. As in most other cities, the idea of lighting by eleotricity lias been ventilated also in Launceston, and the more so as Nature has endowed VfctJ II1VU U 4UWUM UlUgUtUbUUU UldVUlUl motive power. But, though, this project will have to be decided upon at a near date, very little concerning it has been said or done. This is probably due to in sufficient knowledge which most men hare of the inner working of electricity, and which is greatly due to the horror which generally everybody lias to tackle a book with a lot of formulas, etc., which appear to the layman to be so many ghosts of which he is doubtful whether they kick, bite, or do something else. A very clever step to ameliorate this state of general knowledge has been taken by Mr Charles Hesch, Melbourne, agent for Messrs. G-anz and Co., electricians, of Budapest, in issuing a pamphlet entitled ' Modern Electric Lighting.' It is divided into \ two parts, viz. — I., Direct current system (a., parellel connection of lamps, and &., series connection of lamps) ; and II., Transformer system. It is written in a very popular language, easily to be understood by everybody, and in dealing exhaustively with the sub . ject it omits all high, phrases which only serve to confuse anybody who is not fully master of the subject already. ^The second part about the' transformer sys tem will bo found especially interesting,1 as it is now acknowledged to be the best way of lighting cities by oleotricity. We only can compliment Mr ]?lesch on hav ing taken the trouble to compile this most useful little work, which-will greatly assist everyone interested to. ?, make him self at home with this modern way of lighting.: ? . . ; ,;,. . , 