*'AS* THIS, "WHIN THE KITTLE WAS TO BE FILLED, DINAH CAME IN—MY DINAH." THE Courting of Dinah Shadd Br RUDYABD KIPLING. (Gmtinned from Ko. 68.) " Did I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be "wife av mine ? " I dissembled a burning anxiety that I had felt for some months—ever since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own good love and free will -washed a shirt for me, moving in a barren land where wash ing was not. " I can't remember," I said casually. " Was it before or after you made love to Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction 1" ~ The story of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many episodes in Mulvaney's chequered career. " Before—before—longbefore, was that business av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's ghost. Never woman was the worse for me whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to kape all things in place—barrin' the dhrink, that kapes me in my plaee wid no -hope av comin' to be aught else." " Begin at the beginning," I insisted. " Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you married her when you were quartered in Krab Bokhar barracks." " An' the same is a cess-pit," said Mulvaney, piously. " She spoke thrue, did Dinah. 'Twas this way. Talkin' av that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr ?" I preserved the silence of the damned. Mulvaney continued— " Thin I will assume that ye have not. I did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wans'fc tould you, I was a man that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl av women. Never man was hated as I have bin. Sever man was loved as I— no, not within half a day's march av ut! For the first five years av my service, whin I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut—an' that's more than most men can say, Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow av'hiven, I cud play wid four womon at wanst, an' kape them from findin'out anythin' about the other three, an' smile like a full-blown marigold through ut all. Dick Coulhan, av the battery, we'll have down on us to night, could drive his team no better than 1 mine, an' I hild the worser cattle ! An' so I lived, an' so I was happy till aftlier that business wid Annie Bragin—she that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an' taught me where I stud in the mind av an honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to " Aftlier that I sickened awhile an' tuk ! thought to my reg'mental work ; conceit- | ing mesilf I wud study an5 be a sargint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes aftlier that. But on top ov av my ambitious ness there was an empty place in my sowl, an' me own opinion av mesilf cud not fill ut. Sez I to mesilf : ' Terence, you're a great man an' the best set up in the reg'- j ment. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez 1 mesilf to me, 'v*hat for!' Sez I to mesilf : * For the glory have ut!' Sez mesilf to ■ me : ' Will that fill these two strong arrums av yours, Terence ?' ' Go i to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.' ' 'Tie the same thing,' sez I to mesilf, j *Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an' wid that I considliered on ut a long while. Did you iver feel that way, sorr 1 " I snored gently, knowing that if Mul- I vaney were uninterrupted lie -would go on. j The clamour of the bivouac fires beat i up to the stars as the rival singers of j the companies were pitted against each i other. ! " So I felt that way, an' a bad time ut was. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married lines more for the sake av spakin' to our ould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a corp'ril then—rejuced aftherwards, but a coip'ril then. I've a pliotograft av mesilf to prove ut. ' You'll take a cup av tay, wid us?' sez he. 'I will that,' I sez, : ' tho' tay is not my divarsion.' ' 'Twud be better for you if ut were,' | sez onld Mother Shadd, an' she had ought j know for Shadd, in the ind av his service, ' dhrunk bung full each night. " Wid that I tut off my gloves—there's was pipe-clay in tliim, so that tJiey stood alone—an' pulled up nay cliair, lookin' round at the yshina ornamlnts an' bits av things in the Shadds' quarters. Tliey were things that belonged to a man, an' Tjt, boy,' S(3£ be, pointin' tlie stem av his pipe to ou}d Mather Shadd, an' she smacked the top av bjs bjilfl hgad upon the compliment. 'That Mianfcs you wants . money,' sez she. "An' thin—an' thin, whin the kittle was to be filled, Dinah came in—my, Dinali—her sleeves rowled up to the elbow an' her hair in a gowlden glory over ■ her forehead, the big blue eyes beneath twinklin' like stars on a frosty night, an' the tread av her two feet lighter than | waste-paper from the colonel's basket in ord'ly room whin ut's emptied. Bein'; but a slilip av a girl sh/s went pink at; seein' me, an' I twisted me moustache an' j kit, here to-day an' dishipated foy're comfortable this place, says 1. ' 'lis tlie wife that did looked at a picture forninst the 'wall. Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." "1 suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till eveiybody in the mar ried quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av the attach," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. " If you read the Soldier's Poclcet Book-, which nivcr any soldier reads, you'll see that there are exceptions. Whin Dinah was out av the door (an' 'twas as thb' the sunlight had gone too)—'Mother av hiven' sergint,' says I, but is that your daughter ? * ' Ive believed that way these eighteen years,' says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', ' but Mrs. Shadd lias her own opinion like iv'ry other woman.' ' 'lis wid yours this time, for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. ' Thin why in the name of fortune did I niver see j her before ?' sez L 4 Bekase you've been tlirapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an' she shot up wid the spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd. ' I'll tlirapese no more,' sez I. ' D'you mane that?' sez ould Mother Shadd, look in* at me side-ways like a hen looks at a hawk when the chickens are runnin' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez L "Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the tea, an' went out av the house as staff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av j my back out av the sculleiy window, j Faith ! that was the only time I mourned I I was not a cav'l'ry man for the sake av ! the spurs to jingle. "I wint out to think, an' I did a powerful lot av thinkhi', but ut all came round to that shlip av a girl in tlie dotted blue dliress, wid. the blue eyes an' the syarkil in tliem. Thin I kept off canteen, an' I kept to the married quarthers or near by on tlie chanst av meetin' Dinah. j Did I meet her? Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart goin' like a farrier's forge on a Saturday morning 3' 'Twas 'Good day to yo, Miss Diuah,' an' ' Good day t'you, corp'ril,' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud ha' broken betune finger an' thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed me my shirt. " Te may laugh," grunted Mulvaney. " But I'm speakin' the trut*, an' 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would Jia' taken tlie imperiousness out of the Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an' the eyes av the mornin' elie had. That is my wife to-day—ould Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. " Twas after three weeks' standin' off an' on, an' nivcr makin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a little drummer boy grinned in me face whin I had ad monished him wid the buckle av my belt forriotin' all over the place. ' An' I'm not the only wan that doesn't kape to barricks,' sez be. I tuk liim by the scruff av his neck—my heart was hung on a hair-tlirigger those days, you well under stand—an' 'Out wid ut,' sez I, * or I'll lave no bone av you unbreakable.' ' Speak to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. ' Dempsey which ?' sez I, ' Ye unwashed limb of Satan.' ' Of the Bob-tailed Dliragoons,' sez he. ' He's seen her home from her aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' ' Child ?' sez I dliropping him. ' Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dhressed you down.1 'At that I went four ways to wanst huntin' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shud ha' been cliated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'ry man not fit to trust on a mule tlirimk, Presintly I found liim in our lines—the Bobtails was quartered next us —an' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule he was wid his big brass spurs an' his plastrons on his epigastons an' all. But he niver flinched a liair. " 'A word wid you, Dempsey,' sez I. ' You've walked with Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight cone.' " ' What's that to you ?' sez lie. * I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye shovel-futted, clod-brakin' infan try lance-corp'ril.' " Before I cud gyard he had his gloved fist home on my cheek, an' down I went full sprawL ' Will that content you 1' sez he, bio win' on his knuckles for all the world like a Scots Greys orf'cer. ' Con tint ! * sez I. 'For your own sake, man, take off your spurs—peel your jacket an' on' glove. 'Tis the begincin' av the over ture ; stand up !' " He stud all he know ; but he niver peeled his jacket, au' his shoulders had fraiv plfiy. 1 was fightiu' for Dinah Sliadd an' that cut on my cheek. What hope had he fominst n\e ? ' Stand up,' sez I, time an' agaiu wliin he was be ginnin* to quarter tJie ground an' gyard high an' go large. 'This isn't ridin' school,' sez I. ' O, man, stand up an' let me get at ye.' But whin I saw lie wud be runnin1 about, I grup his shtock in my lpft aa',"his wist-belt jp jny r|glit an, swung him clear to my right front, head undhcr, he hammerni' my nose till the wind was knocked Out av him in the bare ground. ' Stand up,' sez I,' * or I'll kick your Lead into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. ' My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. ' Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So I helped him back." " And was his collar-bone broken 2 " I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. " He pitched on his left shoulder-point. It was. Next day the news was in both barracks, an1 whin I met Dinah Shadd, wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no 'Good mornin', corp'rd,' or aught else. * An' what have I done, Miss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, plantin' mesilf forninst her, ' that ye should not pass the time of day ?" " ' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Demp sey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. '"Maybe,' sez I- ' Wasjie friend av yours that saw ye home four times in a. fortnight ? * "'Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners. ' An'— an' what's that to you ?' "' Ask Dempsey,' sez I, purtendin' to go away. "' Did you fight for me then, ye silly man 1' she sez, tlio' she knew ut all along. " * Who else 1 '■ sez H, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingerin' in her apron. " ' That's for me to say,' sez I. Shall I say ut ?' " ' Yes,' sez she in a saint's whisper, an' at that I explained mesilf; and slxi tould me what ivry man that is a man, an' many that is a woman, hears wans4; in his life. "'Butwhat made ye cry at starfcin', Dinah darlin' ?' sez I. " ' Your—your bloody cheek,' sez she, duckin' her little head down on my sasli (I was duty for the day) an' whiniperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two wavs. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first loss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an" undlier the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss come tumble-ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould MotherShadd like two little cliildher, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah nrn away to her own room. That day I tlirod on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hoold me. Begad, I cud ha* picked the sun out ar the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magnificent I was. But 1 tuk recraities at squad- drill', an' began with general battalion advance whin 1 sliud ha' been balance-steppin' em. Eyah ! that day ! that day ! " A veiy long pause. " Well ? " said I. " It was all wrong," said Mulvanev, with an enormous sigli. " An' sure 1 know that ev'ry bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints—not enough to turn the hair of a man in Ms natural senses. But I was more than half drunk vrid pure joy, an' that cantcen beer was so much whisky to me. I can't tell how it came about, but bekaze I had no thought for any wan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minutes, bekaze the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to quarters an' I must stay talkin' to a red headed Mullengar heifer ava girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheeky, the wife of Nick Sheeliy, the canfceen-sergint—the black curse av Sliie lyglx be on the whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (To be continued,) ] - 