CLUCKET. SATURDAY, 3RD MAY. BOYLE AND SCOTT'S CUP. (FINAL MATCH.) Coburfl v. llairh'Hburn.—On tho Richmond Ground. Scores : 'Coburg, flrft innings. 107 ; second innings, seven wickets for 379. Hawksburn. first inning?, ]Ci. Or course, even now it isn't a Moral Certainty that the Coburg boys will aunex Hoyle auil Scott's Cup ; albeit their proEpecti at the present time look of the rosiest hue. Hut the Hawksburn fellows are true Die-Hards ; and not until their last w ieket is down will thej' yield up the ghost. Now I dou't wish to detract from the brilliant play of the Coburgians one iota—far from it; but still I think ninety-nine out of every hundred who have taken an interest in the last preat struggle between the two premier junior eluhg will candidly admit that the representatives of Hawksburn have had the hardest of hard luck. Before the match started I nominated that the Coburg bovs should endeavour to enlist the services of Mons. La Grippe, so as lo haudicap R. Rush, and right sorry am I that the jocular remark should have been fulfilled to the letter. But, " Hang Care ! it killed the cat;' and so there's nothing left for Master llush and 1 his sturdy henchmen to do hut gird up their loins, rub a lot of resin on Lockett'e paws, wire in a docker from the jump'neU Saturday, and prove to demonstration ouce more how stable is the truism that "A Game's Never Lost Till It's Won." ts relating to George qlobo: — and THE scoring in the match Coburg v. Hawks burn, for lioyle and Scott's Cup, has been of such a remarkable character that I must insert it en COBURG. FIRST INNINGS. SECOND Is-niNos. Dunstone, b O'Couuor ... 0 not nut 23 1'eHrce, Collie 1 b O Counor 3 Miiler. b Collie 71 c Cullie, b O'Connor 30 Don. c Itusdeu, b O'Connor 27 b Collie 8 Smith, sr. M'Donald, b Lockett 8 b Collie 8 Irwin, c M'Donald, b Lockett 0 not out S5 Murray, b Collie 4 (to bat) Honeybane, c Trcadaway, b Collin 30 b E. llueh 3 M'Koozlr, run out 15 run out 34 Warwick, not out 4 niu out 1 O'Shannessy, b O'Connor 0 (tn bat) Sundries ... K.m.i, Sundries n Total ... 107 Totr.l (7 wickets for) 179. balls, S3 runs, 11 maidens, A winkete; Trpadaway, 0> halls 34 ruup, J maiden; Lockett, 42 balls, 12 runs, 2 maideus, 2 wickets. HAWKSHURN. FniRT LNNIN«S. K. Kusli, c Murray, b O Sliaunessy 0 Lockett, b O'Shannessy 5 M'Donald, st IToneyboue, b Don 22 Collie, b Don i W, Hdllows, Ihw. b O'Sbaunessy 27 Kusden, b Murray 15 Treadaway, c and b Murrnx 1 Campbell, c Murray, b O'Shannessy 30 H. Hush, c Mailer, b Murray 39 Beatty, not out 1 O'Connor, run out e Sundries 6 Total 101 BOWLING ANALYSIS.—Murray, 00 balls, 5 maidens, 30 runs, .S wickets; O'Shanness^, 1HH bnll6, 6 uiRidtns, 77 runp, 4 wickets; Don, 90 ballB, 6 mnideus, 24 runs, 2 wickets; Smith, 12 balls, 17 runs; Irwin, 12 balls, 8 runs. Tim delegates comprising the Victorian Football Association had evidently laid themselves out for a big " talkec talkee '' last Friday night, and it cannot but be admitted that their pow wow promises to bear real ^ood fruit iu t'e immediate future, aa well as further ayont. I don't quite grapple the evident desire to make some change with regard to the central umpire, either in the shape of having two of those officials to take spell and spell about, or else to appoint boundary umpires, and by so doing relieve the ccntral from a deal of unixcessary and tiring work. I fancy I know a better way than either of those, however ; and a way, too, that would make the game even more enjoyable to ttlfleld. spectators than it is at present. What's that I hear ay).— you remark—"Oh, hunkuin!" No, there's no bunkum about it-it's a baluheaded-fact. Anil of ed. course as you all *'snt to know what it is, I will let the cat out of the bag at ouce. lared" th there's May)" f.ir too much of it, now-a-days could I possibly do that?' Simply by punishing How 1 1 May).— every kick out of hounds—whether hy accideut or design—by awarding a free kick to the opposite side. Now, now, don't get your hair olT ; ces the thing's quite feasible, you know. Vou must remember that I, too, can take rank amongst the Old Fogies, and I have seen the game of Football played when there wasn't one q 'urter of the rgoay).— play, for ail that: albeit not right on bounds. In Hounds' play that is indulged in now, and on playing spaces not one-half the bi/.e there is af, our present disposal. But there was plenty of Wing the Pre-liistoric Football Age we were wont to charge right ahead down the centre ; but then, if you weie tackling Melbourne, there were one or two Obstacles generally iu the road—such as the ond) Brothers Ireland, the Brothers Campbell, Dave Uufi", to say nothing of Jem Byrne, Chubby Forrester and H. ('. A. JIarrison ; aud so one astute old Carlton gentleman—Vr. Browning by name (you are quite right, father of the illustrious George) Nomith Carlton—on Mel the old Melbourne Football Orounil —formulated an idea that these aforesaid Obstacles might be avoided to a certaiu extent by puietiing a 7.ig-/.a,j course toward the enemy's citadel. And thut was one of the main reason why Wing play was introduced. ^'hy, bless my heurt and soul, I Cin recollect a match between Melbourne aud (the Hard StulT, where the big tree stood) when, Cricket after Carlton had secured a behind Kin gall kicked off down the centre of the ground, the ball heiug secured by Dull', who booted it well ou riaht in st front Melround. "roost," tending it high and dry between up to where Charley Carr (the Ubikitus) was standing, that worthy, with a mighty e the North Carlton posts. Only think of that, a goal in three kicks ! Ay tli me ! That must have been the Day Before Yesterday, as I am positive there were not so many of my hirsute appendages seivn on with white thread then as there are now. Hut since that time it has become a recognised principle to always kiek-olf towards bounds, and in fact it has been found necessary tofiame a rule(17) to punish persons who, when kickiug-off, put it ricket clear out of bounds, l'»ule IT rends as follows : — " 17. If any player kick tho ball clear out of bounds wheu kicking-cff after the ball has gone behind, or wilfully kick or force it out of bounds while in play, the umpire shall give a mark to the opposite i-ide from the spot where the ball weut out of bounds " Mow, I would simply strike out the word " wilfully" iu the second clause of that ruie and thereby award the free-kick iu all cases. It's all very well to say that it would work with harshness ou a windy day. You have to put up with that now on kickiug-off on a windy day, and so— Where's the difference? The players would jolly soon adopt themselves to the exigencies of the situation, aud as a consequence the central umpire would be a Central Umpire, instead of as at present— a kind ot Will-o'-the-wisp, all over the shop. 1 hum's my sentiments. Jtedvcc fhd play mi botnuh to a minim THEUDIJH the courtesy of Mr. W. C. Donaldson I am enabled to lay before the readers of l'l.M'u the Sydney programme of matches arranged for the Carlton Football Club : — (Ou the Association Cricket Ground ) June 21—CAKLTON P. TASMANIA. „ 24 — CARLTON ». NKW SOUTH WALES. „ '20 - CAKLTUN I'. PKKMIKltS OF N. S. W. „ 2S—C.THLTON V. SOOTII M ELBOUUNE. PON honour, Messrs. Boyle and Scott should be taken roundly to task for the way they mislead poor, unfortunate Pressmen. To wit: 1 heir Foot contract baller*' Pamphlet this yeor contains for the names of the grounds where matches are to be played each Saturday, and owint: to this the unwary scribe who compiles the Weekly Sportiug Calendar for the Age misinterpreted N.M lt.R. to mean "North Melbourne linilicuy Reserve," instea of North Melbourne RECREATION Reserve ; and W.C.G. to stand for Wurehovstmm'n Cric Ground, instead of U'IEU.I MOTOWN Cricket Ground. All of which, of course, but emphasises tbe old, old saying that " a link knowledge is a dangerous thing." MY English correspondent writes under date, L indon, 28th March, 1S90 :— The dilliculty of the sporting correspondent is BoruetitucB to know what to write about. After such a week as wo have just experienced, his task is Ui know what not to write about. There has been so much sport, of one Hind and another, that really the duty of selection is a Bevere tax on tbe judgment. But I fancy, somehow, that Australians,being a liorEcloving people, they will bo glad to hear primarily of the opening of our flat-racing sea&on.; Noiouly was it the opening of the flat-racing seaton, but it was alFo the commencement of the flat's BeHPOP SB well. Looking at matters all round the noble army cf hackers haro fared very badly, and thej- lave displayed a wiBe caution who have refused to deal till some of tho form bas boon run through. We opened at Lincoln last Monda . No one expects good weather at Lincoln and consequently, no one wan agieeably disappointed wbeli just before the commencement of proceedings tbe Buuny eky was obliterated by heavy clouds, and a drizzling rain commenced. The first race was, of course, tbe Trial Plate. It iBonly worth 150 SOVB., and itB starters only numbered six. Hut itholds an especial interest for Antipodeans, seeing that among the balf-dozen was included thoaged Plutarch. The race was a weight-forage one, with penalties, and I'lutaieh had to put up the extreme penalty of 1211B. Naturally 1 was deeply interested in his debut on tho English shores and " Iron) information received " 1 had a trifle ou bin'l at 4 tol,which was bis starting mice. The other lunnerB were Bobbin, a tbree-vear- old maiden colt belonging to •Mr Abiugton,' with 7at. Gibs up; lbe Statesman— Manilla colt, 3>ra., 7st. lOIbs.; Scion, 3yr6„ 7st. lOlbe" MIBS Ads, 5yra., 7st. lOlbs , audNormauby 3»rs 7et 71be ' with, of coureo, Plutarch, aged, 10st, 21bs. Bobbin WBB 1 V?.Vr.lt0 o J' " ft 1 4 ",?6t i t l j No'Wauby a good second at 13 to 8 The third favourite was Plutarch, with "Deuuy Bowes in the Eaddle, and it waB a case of anv jlT-l^n ntllora tint,I.in ..... „ tl, n others. Bobbin was tho first to , leave the .. slips,and cut out the work at a good pace, at first lollowed by Plutarch. But soon the Australian was steadied and tbe Manilla colt followed Bobbiu, accoinpauitd by Mits Ada, with Scion and Noroiauby behind, l'luiarch beinn tbe absolute last. Wheu a quarter of the disiance had Ada a length behind. At tbe half-uiile post Miss Ada headed tho Manilla colt, with Normanby droniiine behind Plutarch, who, so far, had run very well under his heavy weight. On entering the straight Bobbiu rushed to lllo head of alfairs, with tbe Manilla colt second aud Miss Ada third, l'lutarch heiug beaten and falling 10 the rear. At the distance post Bobbin was beaten, aud tho Manilla colt looked like giving the bookies a rai e turn up ou tbe flret tiuie of asking. Hut coining through bia field at a terrific pace, Noruianby rapidly caught the leader, and, racing LIUJ down, wou a line and exciting race um; nn the post by a i-hort—a terribly short—bead Bobbin, who came again, being only a neck behind Miss Ada was fourth. Scion filth, and l'luiarch abBolute last It was not a case jf " Advauco Australia!" And ou the strength of Plutarch's public running the oddB against tbe Antipodean pair extended to 1H to 1 coupled I was greatly disappointed iu Plutarch's peiforniance snart from my monetary IOBB. HebeatXarellan.aslreported in a fail- aud square trial for speed ou tho Old Cambridgeshire Course, and that colt will staud but a poor chance of winning a Derby, or any other classic race over here if be cannot show immensely better form tban that. leea covered the Manilla eon heeded liobbiu with M As a matter of fact there is a screw loose somewhere with Narellan, and he has not been Been out on the heath all tbis week till yesterday. On Thursday he did a 1211J0 end a-quarter gallop, and, according to a wire I received, went freely aod well. But if he exhibited his true form last Wednesday, when Plutarch boat him by a couple of lengths, we may say cood-bye to liis Dethv preteueioue, at any rate. About Kirkhain, there is more hope, and so long as he keeps well ho will have a good word from mo. But at tbe same time 1 ebould not advise your puuting readers to risk much ou their colis, uuloss patriotism outweighs prudence. We have an exceptionally good lot of colts engaged iu this year's clsssic races, an exceptionally good lot indeed; aud you can take it iron) me that they will take all tbe beating tho best from your shores can give them. Tbe only other race of theday that .need detaiu ine is tile Battbyauy Stakes, a live-furlong handicap worth £"<00\. For this Uallopiug Queen, the properly ol Mr. Leopold de ltothschild, was made a scieaming hot favourite at 11 to 4 iu a field of thirteen. Thirteeu is popularly supposed to be a very unlucky number, au certainly tbis waB a very unlucky rnce lor backers, lor all the favourites were beaten baudtocuelv, tho winner turning up io tbe unbacked Pilgrim, by Pelligriho Irom FirBt Love, who started at the outside odds o( 20 to 1. Nor was there anything in tbe colt's previous records to warrant hackers trusting him. He has previously run three times, being beaten 011 each occasion, on two occasions by commoners. Tuesday is big with tbe fite of the Brocklcsby Stokes. The Duke of Portland IIHS won this important two-yeaiold event twice iu succession—once with Donovan and once with Semolina. Many people expected be would do tho hat trick by winning it tbe third time with Charm. Charm is a handsome bloodliko filly by St. Simon, out of Tact, sue had been highly tried with Ulva, aud her name was iu everybody's mouth. But ne so often happens in life, people at tbe laBt moment deseited their first love, and pinned their faith to a colt belonging to the notorious Mr. "Abiugton," by Uncas out of Kaiserin. He was reported to have done something exceedingly smart with a pair of old 'uns at home, and was backed against the field at down to 5 to 2. He certainly waa a nice-looking colt, and worth six times the 100 guineas which he fetched at the Neweham sales. And he ran well, too, and a hundred yardB from home looked all over a winner. But at that moment Simouian rushed up to the favourite aud a ding-dong race ensued that roused rare excilemoiit on the 6tand. jit last Simouian passed Macunca6, and got home a winner by a length and a-bRlt, with Charm third. Thostartingpriceof ihe winner wae 10 tol, aud his owner, "Colonel' North, iu my presence booked some nice little bets at that price in his favour, lie afterwords backed it at 7 to 1; but when the lviugBclere-trained colt, Patrol, became a strong order at 11 to2, Simouian diined out. Hi6 victory was a rare feather iu lbe cap of the Nitrate King, who gave 4000 guineas for him as a yearling at tile Laceby Bales last season. That iB the highest price that has yet been paid tor a yearling, and tbe victory will enhance tho value of the stock of St. Simon, who was the sire of the winner. I may add that Simouian wae reported to have been disgracefully beaten in his trial, otherwise be would scarcely have been allowed to start at such long ode s in a ii Id of eleven. Wednesday waB the day of the week, with the Lincolnshire Handicap set for decision. Tliie race is notorious for the victory ol outsiders, Oberon and Veracity, who each Btarted at 50 to 1 against, being recent instances in point. Tbe day dawned fine, if slightly misty, and hy the time racing commenced the sun came out iu all its golden glory. There were nineteoc runners, aud weigut of money and reputation made Danbydale a warm lavourile at i to 1. 1 have previously commented upon the fatuity of people who, no matter how bad ahorse may prove himsen, will always "follow him up." The Baron was one of tni6 60rt, Despair waB another, Yellow Jack was a third, while Muriley was a fourth. Danbydale is tbe lateEt, and fur the last two year6 every race tbe sou of Arbitrator and Hasty Girl bas Btarted for he has run nearer last than fir6t. It waB a repetition of tbe old tale over again, and when half tbe mile bad been covered Danbydale turned it up in the most cowardly fashion. About the Eame time Sweetbriar, a great public fancy, was also beaten, and with Dauntless pumped out aud Laureate unable to act through the heavy holding under his burden of ions {1st. *21be„ the happy tribe of jubilant metallicians soon saw that a Bkinner, or something near it, was iu Btoro for tbem. At first it looked as if tbe despised Lord George, who Btarted at tbe odds of 100 to 1 against, with 30 to 1 against for place, would come iu alone, he was pounding uu the straight at such a rate. But Shimmer soon headed him, to be beaten iu d her turn by The llejected, who eventually wou by a length aud a-balf- The winner's price was IK to 1 against, ket and outside the stable but few people backed him, the trainBr telling his friends, and truthfully, that he only fancied him a little, seeing how heavy the grouud was and that he had to carry the substantial burden of 8st. ]llb. Tbe public have lost heavily over the race, aud tbe whole tribe of sportiug prophets are clothed with Backcioth and aehee. 