LETTICE.-THE STORY OE THE POT- POURRI JAR. {Continued.) An April evening-cold, wet, and dreary. Lettice, gazing disconsolately from the how window overlooking the garden, thinks sadly of tbat bygone June morning when she and Oliver had wandered so happily among the trim clipped hedges and gaily coloured parterres.' Now the dark yew hedges seem black in the gathering dark- ness, and the flowers-the few that have ventured iortii after tñe long, cold winter -lie crushed and beaten by the heavy, pitiless rain that all the past three days has been falling almost unceasingly. Nearly a year ago young Oliver Fane had left the old manor, one of a gallant hand of loyal young Jacobites, all ready to risk life, name, and fortune in the cause of the young Charles Edward. In those troublous times, above all between avowed Jacobites, letters were far too dangerous to be sent frequently, and beyond one long epistle, dated from Holyrood, and des- cribing in terms of -the greatest enthusiasm the young Stuart Prince, there had been no direct communication from Oliver, though they had heard from a fugitive soldier of the losses and reverses which had accompanied the young Prince on his retreat from Derby. From him also they had learned of the safety of Captain Fane, and for a time the loving anxiety of the Squire and Lettice was soothed. But lately there had come the tidings of the fatal battle of Culloden, and they had waited with weary hearts for the news of his death or' his imprisonment. Of his escape they had but small hope, for the old Squire remembered yet the conclusion of the attempt in 1715, and it were vain to expect mercy from the Hanoverian monarchs, even to the noblest of their enemies, much less to a comparatively unknown country gentleman. Such was the state of affairs this April evening in the year 1746, and Lettice's heart was very heavy, and her thoughte very gloomy as she stood in the window recess looking out on the dismal rain, Behind her the firelight gleamed cheerfully lighting up the room now fast darkening as the short spring twilight waned, whilt stretched in lazy contentment before th< blazing logs lay Oliver's favourite hound watching, with half-shut eyes, his young mistress' movements. The twilight ii almost gone ; it is time to draw the cur tains j and Lettice prepares to turn away casting one lingering glance at the desolate gar- den. "What is it which makes her start and tremble so, and canses the blood to leave her cheeks, making her pale as a ghost ? Stealing cautiously along the sodden paths, keeping well within the shadow of the trees, is a figure that through the gathering mists she recognises immedi- ately. And when it draws near the house she opens the window and gently calls his name-' Oliver ! ' A great joy takes possession of her, and her courage, which but a few moments ago seemed to have deserted her, returns with renewed vigour ; for is he not here again, and what will she not do or dare for him ? Some instants more, and Oliver has reached-the terrace, which slopes down to the lawn beneath, and, as in the old school boy days, he climbs lightly in through the open window. The old hound, fully awake now, rushes forward in joyful recognition, but is gently checked by Lettice. ' Peace, Sir Brian ; ' then, turning to her cousin with unconcealed joy, ' At last, Oliver, you have come, at last,' and she scans with loving scrutiny the face of the man before her. Can this be the bright, handsome cousin who only a few short months past left his home so full of noble aspirations and brave hopes ? This haggard, travel- stained man, with hollow eyes and weak, tremulous speech ; this Oliver, the darling of the household, the chosen king, though he knew it not, of her heart. He guesses some of her thoughts, and with a feeble attempt at his old careless gaiety, he says, as he wearily sinks into the great arm- chair, drawn up to the cheerful blaze : ' So, sweet coz, you find soldiering hath not changed me for the better. I'faith I think you are not far wrong, though of a truth I should not complain, seeing that hitherto I have escaped both death and the residence so kindly accorded by the Hano- verian George to loyal subjects of King James, namely the noble palace of New- gate.' Her only reply is to kneel beside him and gently chafe his poor cold hands between her soft warm ones, for her heart is too full to trust herself as yet to words. Presently her womanly compassion is aroused, and going into the dining-room, where she knows her supper is spread, she returns with fare dainty yet substantial enough to gladden the heart of any hungry man. He eats greedily, as though good food and he had been strangers for some time past, talking the while in the half cynical, half amused tone with which he has been wont, since his boyhood, to make light of his troubles. And Lettice, falling in with his humour, an swers him in the same vein, waiting patiently till he shall choose to tell her his story. Once she leaves him, to give some orders to the servants which will guarantee the freedom from disturbance of Oliver and herself for some time, during which she may manage to devise some means of escape, for to remain at the Manor is absolute madness for Oliver. Then she goes back to the cosy room, to find that he has finished supper and is now quite ready to give her a detailed account of his adventures. He tells her of Holyrood and the young Stuart Prince, of the triumphant march as far as Derby and the retreat to Scotland." How disaster followed disaster, loss fol- lowed loss, to culminate at length in the crowning defeat at Culloden. How he had been among the few who had managed to escape from that bloody field, and how he had travelled, slowly and cautiously,- with many a narrow escape of detection, to the old home at Fane, in the hope that per- chance he might lie hidden there till such time as he could make his way across to France or the Low Countries. He looks to Lettice to help him now, as in bygone days she helped him in all his boyish scrapes and. escapades. One thing she sees clearly ; if possible the knowledge of his presence in the house must he kept secret from the servants, only Nurse Margery and old Thomas the butler knowing of it, and had they not been necessary to the plan of escape her active brain had already con- cocted she would not have enlightened then:. With Nurse Margery's assistance, how- ever, the tired wanderer was safe for the nonce from the prying eyes of the servants in his own chamber, which was usually kept religiously locked during his absence, and Lettice was wearily ascending the great staircase, when Thomas, her father's old servant, who had fought by his side in the rebellion of '15, and was devoted heart and soul to ' the family,' came to her with a face denoting grave news to tell, and craved permission to speak with her. Lettice led the way back to the room which had already witnessed such stirring scenes that day. ' What is it now, Thomas ? ' she says, waiting for the old man to tell his story, the fire bringing out in strong relief the figure of the girl in her dainty dress and white, set face, and the old man with his sharp black eyes keenly scanning his mis- tress' countenance as he gives information. ' My son Willum has just come in from York, my lady, whither he had been to sell some horses for the Squire. When he was there he fell in with Dick Taylor, an old playmate, who is one of the regiment of dragoons at York. He is body servant to one of the officers, and he heard them say as how it were likely that " that Jacobite nest" of Fane would be searched for young Mr. Oliver. Dick told Willum as how he knowed the young master weren't here ; still he said you had better know it, my lady, for he would be niain sorry if any o' " the family" were put to trouble which he could prevent, for you see Dick was born on the Manor lands, though he went to be a soldier for King George.' Lettice stood motionless, never inter- rupting him by a gesture till he had finished. Gazing long and earnestly into the glowing embers, as though seeking inspiration there, she left him unanswered for a while. At length she said, ' Thomas, dost thou remember tlie name of tbe vessel in which thy brother trades from Hull to Antwerp ? ' Thomas looked up bewildered. 4 Yes, my lady.' Then, a ray of intelli- gence lighting up his features, he went on : 4 He sent me word but yestereven that he sailed on Saturday, and if I wanted any- thing carried free o' duty to the Low Countries he would take it,' and Thomas' eyes twinkled with sober mirth at the thought of what contraband goods the worthy skipper of the ' Early Primrose ' would be called upon to carry this voyage. Lettice smiled too, but what were her thoughts she did not say, only after a moment's pause-1 Be in readiness at early dawn to drive me to Hull. Nay, ask no questions, good Thomas,' she added, as his astonishment betrayed itself on his face, ' suffice it that it is my pleasure, and obey me. Go and send Nurse Margery to me here,' and the mysterious beauty once more gave her attention to the fire, while Thomas left the room sorely perplexed at his mistress' latest whim, but resolved to do her bidding to the very letter. Accordingly the next morning, before the misty April dawn had fully broken, Mistress Lettice, accompanied by old Thomas, who held the reins, and Margery's son, Stephen, who had been Oliver's foster brother and playmate, to officiate as foot- man, rolled away from the old Manor gates, none but themselves knowing their destination. And the servants, though they wondered a little at this new freak, reasoned that, io a young lady who in a fit of pique had accomplished the journey between London and Yorkshire alone, any- thing was permissible ; besides, Mistress Lettice from childhood upwards had reigned supreme at the Manor, and her will had been accepted as law. Again it is evening. The long wet day has worn itself to a close. Outside, the dreary patter of the rain upon the terrace sounds like ghostly footsteps to old Sir Brian, the hound, who lies crouched in his favourite attitude before the fire. Over the house complete silence reigns, broken only by the distant hum of voices from the servants' hall. No sound of Mistress Lettice's high- heeled shoes pattering through the corridors, or the rush of her silken skirts along the polished floor, and the old Squire, who for the past few days has been confined to his room with a sharp attack of gout, querulously complains at the want of filial affection in leaving him without the slightest notice. The darkness gathers, the twilight is gone, the rain ceases. At length the clouds drift slowly away, and the moon floods the wet lawns and shrubberies with silver radiance, gemming each rain-laden leaf and flower with pearls and diamonds more beautiful than ever earthly monarch wore. The ghostly footsteps on the terrace have ceased. Someone opens the window at which Lettice stood last evening, and leans out into the cool night air. The night is silent, save when now and then some passing breeze stirs the branches of thc yews, and shakes a shower of glittering rain-drops to the ground. High overhead the moon is sailing serenely, one by one the great fleecy clouds rolling away from her path, and already a few stars peep faintly out from the lessening edges of cloud wrack. A glorious night, indeed, and how quiet. Stay ! What was that sound ? Nearer and nearer it comes ; at first a dull, low thud, gradually growing louder, till the breath- less listener can distinguish the tramp of. horses' hoofs on the muddy roads. The ?window is noiselessly closed, and again profound silence reigns over the Manor. Twenty minutes later the horses dash up the long gravel drive, and the great hall door resounds with a tremen- dous knocking, accompanied by the ominous command-' Open in the King's name ! ' The startled maidservants huddle together with white, scared faces, with the exception of old Nurse Margery, who wears a look of determined courage well beseeming the sturdy yeoman stock from whence she sprung. The men stand help- less, not knowing what to do, and missing sorely the clear, imperious commands of Mistress Lettice. NurBe Margery, however, rises to the occasion : 4 John,' to a young footman, ' go tell the Squire the King's dragoons are here. You silly things,' pointing scornfully to the terrified maids, ' cease that crying. What is there in a parcel of dragoons to frighten ye ? Take up your knitting or your mending and pay no attention to the soldiers, and mind,' suddenly fixing her eyes on the youngest and prettiest of all, \- ' if I find any light talk or laughter going on betwixt them and you-well, the Squire shall hear of it,' and the tone with which this threat is uttered speaks well for its fulfilment. Then, turning to the men, she marshals them around her and proceeds to the hall, where already the knock has been repeated, and that command resounded through the still air. The heavy door is thrown open, and the servants peering out see revealed in the moonlight about twenty dragoons. Their leader, a young man and, as far as Dame Margery's sharp eyes can tell in this dim twilight, very handsome, dismounts, and followed by his troop enters the hall. He looks round in wonder at the servants drawn up in solemn state, a wonder which is increased when forth from among them steps old Dame Margery, and with a dignity not to be surpassed by many a noble lady, demands the meaning of his presence at this unusual hour. He bows with courtly grace, then hesitates, hardly knowing how to address her, fairly jDuzzled as to the rank she holds. She perceives his hesita- tion and divines the cause. . Nay, sir, I am but Mistress Lettice's nurse, and in her absence govern the household.' He starts, and a look of keen disappoint- ment is visible on his face, which she can see quite plainly now in the glare of the lights the servants hold. 4 Mistress Lettice is from home, then,' he says, apparently to himself, and unheeding Dame Margery, who goes on : 1 Sir Edmund is confined to his chamber by a grievous malady, and is unable to attend to you in person, therefore he hath deputed me. What will you, sir ? ' fixing her sharp, bright eyes on him, while he feels she is reading his inmost thoughts. But his men are waiting, and it will not do to appear disconcerted by an old Jacobite nurse, so in clear tones he reads a warrant from His Majesty King George II. authorising him to search every part of the Manor of Fane for the person of one Oliver Fane, traitor, late in the service of that vile usurper, Charles Edward Stuart. If Dame Margery starts, or her brave old face changes colour, it is ever so slightly, and there is no touch of fear in her voice as she bids him ' search the house throughout, he will not find Mr. Oliver.' Accordingly the entrances' are guarded, and soldiers are dispatched in different directions, with orders to séarch the house thoroughly. Only their captain lingers behind, and Margery, impressed favourably by his handsome face and gallant bearing, is moved to entreat that he should person- ally conduct the search in the Squire's rooms, for, she says, * Sir Edmund has been ailing much of late, and a couple of rough dragoons would prove but sorry doctors.' So he consents affably, and hurries away, leaving her anxiously awaiting the end of this night's work. Meanwhile someone in the darkened library is listening with bated breath to the tramp of' the soldiery. The knocking, the entrance, and finally the separation, all are heard and interpreted aright. Sir Brian, too, has heard, and rising from his recumbent position before the fire, sits up, his ears alert, and his noble old head turned expectantly, first to soinéone, and from someone to the door. The footsteps come nearer, they pause some one's heart heats painfully ;, they pass on-a sigh of unutterable relief j they ; return and once more pause, and this time the door is flung wide open, and in the dim light are seen the scarlet coats and gold lace of two or three soldiers. Strange to say, they are unprovided with lantern or torch, and for a moment or two stand irreso- lute on the threshold, for 'tis ticklish work searching for a desperate man in the dark- ness of a strange room. The old hound growls ominously. 4 So there is a dog here. It is scarcely for his comfort solely that yonder blaze was kindled, and yet Mistress Lettice is not at home, the old Squire, if report lies not, is ill in his chamber, and that old nurse, stately as she is, would scarcely venture to appropriate a room like this to herself.' Thus the soldier reasons, for he is a sharp witted fellow, and more accustomed than his companions to deduce facts from circumstances. Thus thinks the leader of the little band, and he takes a few steps into the room, a movement which causes old Sir Brian to spring furiously forward, only to be checked by a whispered 4 Hist ! ' uttered so low that one would imagine only the sharp ears of the dog could catch it. But the quicker hearing of the man has caught it too, and striding into the centre of the room he sees a dark shadow plainly defined against the silver flood of moonlight. An ill-suppressed oath, a few more strides, and another moment he is face to face with the long-sought Oliver Fane. The firelight flickers and glimmers, showing distinctly every feature of the young prisoner, yet somehow it strikes the captor as odd that there should lurk that indefinable smile about the corners of the well-shaped mouth. Silent and self-possessed stands Oliver Fane, bearing with haughty patience the scrutiny of the soldiers, and waiting with immovable calmness the arrival of the captain, for whom an envoy has been despatched. There comes a hurry and a tramping of footsteps, and a sudden glare of lights into the room. Sir Brian barks uneasily, but is quieted by a pat from the prisoner, whose hand is as dainty and as white as that of any girl. The sergeant watching him closely detects, or thinks he can detect, a tremor in the firmly closed lips, but then the transition from darkness to light is so very sudden that the good sergeant's eyes may have been' dazzled. There is a buzz of voices, followed by a complete silence, as the. captain, who has been fruitlessly searching the Squire's apartments, enters. The soldiers who have crowded into the room niake way for him respectfully. And. then a curious thing happens. The braye young prisoner who has borne so unflinchingly the gibes and sneers of his captors, at the sight of the gallant young Royalist captain starts perceptibly, and over his face steals á blush, as lovely as any that ever dyed the cheeks of a girl. . , ' Captain Sir Philip Coiiyers stares curi- ously at this' cousin of. fair Mistress Let- tice, . marvelling greatly at the strange resemblance existing between' them, and gravely , prepares to take his prisoner in to his special care. * I must request you to. yield ' yourself my prisoner,' he says courteously ; but his 4 prisoner,' instead of complying, stands before him with an air of saucy defiance, that in a woman wquld have been charm- ing, and a burst of merry girlish laughter rings'out in the old room-such laughter as he can remember, hearing one evening at Ranelèigh. . . " ' He starts back in' utter astonishment. Has misfortune, turned the brain of the young Jacobite? or was he, Sir Philip1, dreaming? He gazes long at the young man, who is trying in vain to recover his self control, and at length so far recovers as to be able to speak. ... 4 In sooth, Captain Conyërs, His Majesty King George hath zealous servants in you and your men, that ye must needs come hither at this hour, scaring my maids with your unwelcome presence, and--' but he he proceeds no further ; for his tones are ringing and musical as the voice of a girl, and the captain, on whom the truth dawnsj interrupts him with à cry of 4 Lettice.' 4 Mistress Lettice '-for she it is-4 an' it please you, sir,' drawing herself up with a dignity worthy of Oliver himself ; 4 though at present,' she resumes, in her old banter- ing tones, 41 scarce know who I am. 44 That traitor, Oliver Fane," I think you called me, when you so roughly seized my shoulder, good sir,' she says, turning tb the sergeant, who'stands^ looking sheepishly, on his strange prisoner. ' But, Mistress Lettice, how come you here in such guise ?' persists the captain, anxious to unravel the mystery. ' Why come I here,' she returns saucily, < is easily answered. The Manor of Fane is, I believe, my father's house, and accord- ing to the best of my recollection, hath been my home from childhood. How came I in such guise ? ' she goes on. ' To pay due honour to the visit with which you have deigned to honour us; for hearing, no matter how, you were anxious to see my cousin Oliver, I deemed it a pity that you should go hence without, at least, seeing as near a semblance of his person as possible,' and the mad girl bows in mock solemnity to the youug captain, who stands before her not knowing what to do in his shame and vexation. He does not answer her, so she says in a tone of comical dismay, ' Alack, good sir, and must I go with you to York in tlie place of my cousin ? ' but he looks gravely at her, and marks her eyes bright with an unnatural glow, and her cheeks flushed as though by fever. 'Nay, Mistress Lettice, we take not women captive ; and since Mr. Oliver is not to be found here, I will withdraw my men,' and at a sign the soldiers disappear into the hall, leaving Lettice and Sir Philip alone. He makes his apologies for his untimely intrusion, and is bending over her hand, which he raises to his lips in the courtly fashion of those days, when a sudden thought strikes him. ' Mistress Fane, we are quite alone now. Hath Mr. Oliver been here since the victory of Culloden?' And for the first and last time in her life Lettice Fane tells a lie. Her honest eyes, meeting his unflinchingly, though a burn- ing blush dies her pale cheeks, she answers boldly, ' Ile hath not,' and he is satisfied, and leaves her. Very wrong of Lettice, no doubt, to lie so deliberately, but remem- ber she was but a woman, and a loving, lovable woman withal. 'Twas for Oliver's sake, and that absolved her, for she is but a lukewarm lover who cannot risk a lie for her sweetheart's sake., False morality, no doubt, but still, human nature will be human nature to the end of time. And so the discomfited dragoons ride back to York in the small gray hours of the morning, cheated and fooled By a clever, daring woman, but none more so, .I warrant, than their handsome young captain, whom the fortune of war had selected to search for the kinsman of the girl, .whom he, in company with many others, had worshipped so devoutly during her brief London triumph. For. Lettice had known and liked, in a calm friendly fashion, the gallant young soldier ; while he, he had deemed that there was but one woman on the earth worthy of a thought, and her name was ' the beautiful Miss Fane.' Judge then his surprise and her discomfiture when lie had recognised in her the supposed Oliver . Fane, though her known character for madcap pranks and reckless daring removed, any doubts he may have felt as to the reason of her 4 masquerade.' He loved her, therefore he believed her-all sufficient reason since the days of Eden. Cursing the information that had led them on such a wild-goose chase, and the mad humour of the girl who thus prolonged the search, they heartily consigned Oliver Fane--well, to a place not mentionable in .p.ólite society. " , . . . . And Lettice ? In the, old room that had witnessed such stirring events during the past few' hours she- sits, habited as her old fair , self, and pondering, with mingled shame and pride over lier bold expedient to gain time for the fugitive. Taking advan- tage of the strong likeness he bore to' her, and assisted by Nurse Margery, she suc- ceeded in coinpletely disguising him in her own dress and travelling hood and cloak so much so, indeed, that Margery could scarcely tell the true Lettice 'froin the false. With his facility in adapting, him- self to circumstances,. Oliver had readily fallen in with the scheme, and not till the last moment had he shown any sigh of the strong emotion that since he had looked upon her dear face again had well nigh, broken down his self control. But lie shrank from the idea of speaking of loyeL in such perilous moments, or of gaining her love by an appeal to her pity, aiid beyond a long, passionate embrace the cousins parted with scarce a word more than they might have used were one or the other going on the most ordinary of journeys, instead of a flight for dear life. Only as Nurse Margerj' came hurriedly in, warning them that the coach was waiting, Oliver whispered something in Lettice's ear, of which she caught but the words ' pot- pourri jar,' ' bow window,' and now as she sits by the half-extinct fire, the house at length wrapped in profound silence, the words come back with startling distinctness and she smiles through her tears at the action so characteristic of him. The pot-pourri jar had been a favourite of his, and no doubt that was a parting injunction commending it to her care. ' And yet,' thought Lettice, . 'twas but a trivial thing to remember at such a moment.' And so she sits and dreams by the fire in the -old library ) dreams of the happy past, scarcely daring to conjecture the future, and yet-and yet-^did she hut know, there lies among the fragrant rose leaves in the old pot-pourri jar something which, had she but road it,, would have altered the whole of fair Mistress Lettice's life. But she knows not, and things in- animate, cannot speak and so-well, let her dream of the happy bygone past ; she will need all the strength such memories can give her in the long, troublous years that stretch before her. (To be continued.) 'ST. MARTIN'S EVE.' 