A SPECTRE JOCKEY. Some years ago, in a race at Detroit, Danny Alackin. a jockey, was killed by the horse lie was riding making a sudden and vicious bolt and hurling his rider to the ground. When the jockey was picked up a stream of blood was running from a hole in his temple down his check and neck: A story has been current among jockeys and stablemen ever since Alackin's death that his ghost walks at night among race- track stables, the quest of the spectro being presumably tho horse that killed the jockey. This story has always been believed by stablemen, and if any ever had doubts of it they are dispelled now, for tho ghost itself was seen by at least a dozen of them at the Washington Driving Park stables one night , recently, -says an American paper. Tho midnight watch of stablemen had como on duty, and the men were lounging in front of the stables when one of them saw a slim figure in white approaching the . stables from a clump of trees on the- grounds. The man called tho attention of his com panions to tlio object. They all saw it clearly as it glided noiselessly toward the stable. When the apparition came fall in the light of the large, hanging lamp in front of the stables, and rovealed tho figure, clad in jockey garb and a face as white as the clothes, with a red streak running from the right temple, down the cheek and neck, like a line of blood trickling down, the stablemen wore paralysed with terror. The spectre jockey - passed into tho stable through the open door. Tho door leading to the stalls where the racers were was closed, but . tho ghost kept right on, passed through the door as -if it had been opened, and disappeared. . One of the stable men recovered himself sufficiently to think that perhaps this might be a clever trick of some one to get at the horses to do them harm, and he hurried forward and opened tho door leading to the stalls, with the in tention of preventing any such purpose. Two or three of his companions followed him. Tho apparition was moving slowly along tho stalls, stopping an instant at each one and then passing to tho next. The horses seemed to be aware of the mysterious presence. They neighed and plunged and stumped in their stalls as the .pectre passed along. Tho stablemen wore again paralysed by this second vision of the jockey ghost, and ' stood motionless and speechless at the door. Tho apparition glided to and paused at every stall in the stable, turned its face for a moment toward the terror- stricken men in the door, and disappeared as suddenly and mysteriously as it had come. That they had seen tho wandering ghost of poor Danny Alackin not one stableman of the midnight watch has the shadow of a doubt. Tho following appeared in our ate editions of yesterday. 