A SCHOOL HOUSE STORY. IN THREE CHAPTERS. [BRMSS. LEFTS ADAMS (MRS. R. 8. DK CODEC V LAFFAN).] CHAPTER llL-(Concludtd.) We beat over it together. Here «u the etary of it all, told in p'ain and simple language " BATHING ACOIDBNT AT SOUTHSBA. "A yonng boy named Arthur Dennison, twelve yeara of age, was drowned at South- «ea yesterday tinder peculiarly sad circumstance*. He was a visitor at that place with his unole and guardian, Colonel Vincent Delaeour; and the two hired a bolt, paddling ont some dbtanoe from shore in order to enjoy the pleasure of a dive from the boat's aide. All that was seen from the shore may be quietly told. A thick white fog came rolling down the danes and ont aoross the water, so that neither boat nor swimmers oonld be Been, and as the mist lifted Colonel Delaeour was seen straggling and exhausted, making frantic signals for help. This was quickly rendered, and the unfortunate gentleman was brought on shore in an almost senseless oondition, Ibe boat had drifted far oat to sea, and the nror boy was nowhere to be seen. Calonel Dalaoour stated that he himself was some distanoe from the boat when the fog cime on, and Shortly afterwards he heard the ohlld crying for help, and Bet to swimming frantically' aboat to find him. The search was, however, a vain one, and, oonpletely exban*ted, the Colonel had to make for shore. The 1 body of young Dennison has not yet been r< covered, nor b there muoh hops of it being fcuAd, as the strong currents and shifting ssnds reader the quest a difficult one. " To add to the painful oiroamstanoes of Colonel Delaoonr's case, it appears that the boy was heir to a large snm of money whioh now reverts to the survivor from this terrible aooident. Muoh sympathy is felt for the gallant Colonel, who is fairly prostrated by grief." The current of oar daily life does not oease to flow because thie or that strange event comes about, stirring it to its deepest depths. The ordinary round of term-time soon sets in—belli In tne morning; bells at noon-day ; bells at night; a life that would no doubt be irksome enough but for the strong interest underlying it, the work to be done, and the results to be looked for. Dennison's sad death, of coarse, made a sensation in toe boose, 4ndone or two nervous boys fancied all manner of .strange .things, tumbling over one another.as tbey went upstairs at night, because some fellow said he had seen " something" white the night before, and another roundly deolared be had met Dennison in the oorridor. Bat these things passed. The young soon forgets New interests jostle aside the old ones, and football is at all times calculated to till the schoolboy mind to the exclusion of all else, tiring out the schoolboy bodies, so that sleep, and not ghost-seeing, is the order of the night. Warlock and I often spoke together of the dead boy who had pwsed from our midst in so sad and terrible a fashion, but always with a oertjun reserve, with a sadden wish at times to pbange the subject abruptly, with a certain consciousness of thoughts In each that were kept from the other. And the leaves turned all yellow and red, ft 11 *nd drifted btfora the buffeting of the Kind into gay-ooloured heaps, that in their tin, crew dead and brown. Autumn was rivin?. winter near at hand. The days were short, the nights long, and the twOight, with its glint of firelight and Its dataeine -shadows on the walls, a delioioas time of idleness. At length eame an evening when, in the midst of this glow and shadow, a stemnge visitor was shown In, as I sat in pleasanL lazy contemplation of the fire, waiting for Bex to return from the schools. This visitor was an old, sea-worn man, with rugged face and shaggy beard, and with a pair of dear blue eyes that might have been the eyes of a child, all ontouohed as they were by the years that had passed over the taoe in whion they shone. The old man carried Us hat in his hand, i nd wore a blouse of dark blue bomeBpun loth. " Afy daty to yoa, ma'am," he said, giving a tug to the. grizzled forelock that lay upon his wrinkled brow; "I mean no offenoe by oomln' here, and hope as none 'nil be took, anther by yon nor your good gentleman." Iras stored htm on this point; and begged him to be seated; bat he refused, and stood leaning on the stout stiok 'he carried, and wiping his hand aneaaily across his mouth, as though the process might smooth the way for words that seemed hard to nttor. *' Tell me," I said, standing too, since he would not be seated, " can I do anything for you ?" *' One thing's sure,' and that fs, if you oould you would, my lady, if all I've heerd on you be true, but I'm wanting nothing no more than a few words with you. It's this way— I oome up to these here parts to see a wench o' mine as is married to a joiner, and gets a kind o' longin' on her to see hor old dad, and bein' in these parts I could'na hold mysenbaok from coming to see yo, and 'tell yon summat (if that po' young gentleman—him as were drown't—In Southsea, and never found— thanks to them tricksy sands and currents as clutches all they can, and holds on to't— drat em?" The young bright eyes, in the old, lined faoe, gazed at me eagerly; they shone in the firelight, they looked into mine, and spoke in a language all their own. > "You knew—Arthur Dennison; you can tell me something of him?" I had drawn nearer to the old man; I had ltid my hand upon bis rough coatsleeve, my I eart beat heavily; there was the sound as of rushing waters in my ears. Now I was going to know. Hitherto all had been con- «othre, and some of my . thoughts had been Noughts that seemed like sins. _ ."'Aye, I knew the little master, and I s»w him get into the boat as took him to his death." At this moment the door opined and Rex eame ln followed by Warlock. • " Can we have some tea I" said Rex, and iten stopped short. I clung to his arm. " Rex—this man knew our poor Dennison— he saw him that last morning; he has oome to tell ns about him." The old man shook his bead, smiling and looking from one to the other of the three of at. It's not muoh I know, sir—I wish it wur more, bat there be's a deal o' strange things i' loife, I thinks—Lord ha' mussy!" He was looking at Warlock, and Warlook at him. A sudden light came into his wonderfal eyes. Yo' be Maister Warlook, yo' be," he said, " 1 know ysr, sir, and I know all of ye. He tou'd me of your kindness to him, and how, when he first come here, yo' thrashed t' felly as bullied him, wi' 'a o wn walking cane. Ay, ho, he thought a lot of yo', and of all of ye, and there never was a nicer boy, sir—never, and there never will be. Lord ha' muBsy! I he's a reg'lar old fool when I sets agate think in' on him, driftin' and driftin', and a' the sand in his curly hair." Down came the tears over his rugged cheeks. Bex turned aside, Warlook passed fail hand aoron his eyes. Mine alone were dry. Apu8kmatede8irewasonmetohearall I oould oi the dead boy's last hours on earth; I wanted to out two and two together; to pieoe many cruel suspicions into proof. I was all on the alert. I would not weaken my powers of observation by the shedding cf a single tear. "How did you corns to know the poor fellow?''laidEex, asking the very question that It was in my own mind to do. "Well,Sir, it was this way," said our visitor, after passing his hand over his furrowed cheeks and wet eyes; " it came about this way. I war meadin' of my boat, and ne come down to t' shore. I'm a northcountry man, tho' I be dwelling i' the sauth this while back, and t' yonng cuap he'd lived up north ways afore his father died, and so ee took t' me, and 11* him ; and we foregathered an' took to bein* company for one another as yo' may say, and he'd come mornin' after mornin' an' sit on t' edge o' the boat, and watch me a-workin'; and he tonld me how he was here at school, and liked bein'here better than i' any other mortal place. And how he loved this lady here—same as he might his own mother if he'd ever see'd her, whioh he never did; and be said as she spoke to him gantle-liae and seemed full o' kindliness towards him, and told me how he loved to think on her. He'd had some %pes of EBein' her at Bullang—a town, sir, as yo' may have heerd on away in foreign parts; bat the gentleman as owned him—his guardian, he called him, tho' whit kind of a caretaker he was to that boy I'd rather not say, but leave it to t' Lord to settle oop wi' un ; weel, bis guardian—we'll call him that for form's sake—made a change in his plans suddlnt-like, and, as I could gather, just after t' lad had tould her how he hoped to see your good lady at Ballong. *I likes to tee her,' says he to me; 'I feels eafe-like when she's near mo.' ' Saf<s-like,' •ays I all in a maze, an' lettin' icy work go as I spoke; 'whoever's a-wantin' to harm yo,' Maister Arthur ?' At that he glenta around wi' his big eyes, same as a hare as hears a rustle I' the grass. Ay, bo' he war a feert kind o' chap as ever I sc-e'd—so be wur." So Colonel Delaeour changed his plans Suddenly, because the boy told him there was some onanoe of Bex and me going to Boulogne, did be 1 This bit fitted in admirably to the rest of the design. It was a bit of fact, and not a mere fancy, and precious to me. Warlook had moved to the fireplace, and ffM leaning against the mantleshelf, his ejes hidden by his hand. Bex, leaning back in his chair, watched me I alone stood close to tbe old sailor. My hands were clasped closely, the one in the other. I waited silently, eagerly, for what should come next. "And you saw the boy often?" I had wanted that question asked ; so Bex asked It. I always Baid he could read what was in my mind without words being needed. " Yes, I saw him often, and often upon top o' that. I saw the gentleman too, him as took care on him. He wur furrin kind o' looking customer, and soft-spoken, wi' a voioe as made yo' want to gi him a shove and send him on a bit quicker; and he made a great fuss wi' t' lad. Weel, sir, one mornin', finest ever yo' see'd, sea like my old woman's looking-glass, and sky same as if God had never bethought Himsen' of making a oloud, down comes t' lad, and perohes on my boat cornerwise. He had a fey sort o' look, like as if he'd bin keepin' company wi' boggarts an' bob'-o'-links, and sach like critters; and I speered at him slant-wise, some skeert my Ben." "Robin," sa^a he, "I had a strange rnak' o' a dream last night, and t' speerlt of it's on me still, I wur dreaming o' that good friend o' mine as I told yo* on." " Her as wur so good to yoa ?" says I, meaning your lady here, " and no offence took, I hope, no more than meant." " Her as was eo good to me," says he, and he spoke slow, sir, and soft, as if he loved the sound o' his own words. " I dreamt," eays he, "as I wur takin' leave on her—going on a long jonrney somewhere, yoa know, Bobin, and wanting to say good-by. I thought I knocked my hands agin the door, and she came and opened it, and stood there looking at me wi* her gentle eyes, and yet I could not see her plain, bat seemingly as in a mist, 'In a glass darkly," as yo' may say, and far 0% as is the way of dreamB. Then something, I canna tellyou what, Bobin, but some power outside o' me, drew me away, and I left her etandin' there, looking after me. I waved my hand to ber at the tnrn, and I saw her give me back my greeting. Then I woke, all of a sweat." "It wur a strange dream, sir," says I, "bo' I trust it bodes no ill to no one." He wur silent far a bit after that, and then he says— "'Bobin,'says he, 'I've often wished I wur back at school, and thought how still the place must be, and the long passages, and the pathway as leads 'oop to the top o' the garden, where I love to walk by mysen of an evening; and I've shut my eyes and fancied that good friend of mine walking there alone, and laughed to think how she'd start if I oould be theer and just touch her hand, or pluck her gown.' Then he grew solemn like, and, 'Bobin,'eays he, *tier's is the only voioe as ever spoke a word o' kindness to me since my father died—the only one,' says he, an' he looked across the sea as though he saw yo' theer, as happen he did, far he wnr t' querrest lad ever I see'd, and that's all about it." "Was that the morning of the day he died f said Bex rising, and resting his hand upon my shoulder. "Itwur," said old Bobin, taking out a wonderfal red handkerohief and wiping his face energetically; " it wnr, elr, neither more nor less. Even while he and I were speaking, down caaae the Colonel from the terrace above and, 'My boy,' says he, 'let us take a boat, an'go for a ewim in deep water.' I offered to go wi' 'em, bat f Colonel wur resolved, and I went wi' 'em to.get t' boat, and helped the two on 'em in. I stood to see 'em push off, and then I went np shore. I little thought aa I'd seen the last o' that laddie's face till the sea gives up it's dead, and the secrets of all hearts be laid bare. After a bit —I'd bin settin' on a rail, air, haviu' a taste o' baooy, as is tbe manner o' seafarin' chaps like me—I set off to eee a mate o' mine as lives above the town, an' I met the mist a rolling down as white as milk, an* it crep' an arep' above tbe water an' bid the sun, and, 'Lord ha' muuy 1' says I, ' bo' 1 hope them two's safe whoam, for tho' the sea's smooth, there's locks to be feared on.' Weel, weel, sir, you know t' reBt on't. One come whoam, bo' one only, and the Lord took f other into his keeping—I reckon He were the best caretaker, or whatever yo' call it, o' the two." Tbe flame of the fire flickered, the shadows danced upon the wall, and tbe four of us kept silence. " The boy oonld swim ?" said Bex at last. "Like a fish," eaid old Bobin; "an' it were sa likely he'd go far fro' the boat, and summat must ha' held him down," As I listened it all oame up before me. The dank mist creeping on the sea, the poor, staring, blinded eyes, tbe water dark and deep under the fog, and heavy hands pressing the boy, down—down—down—to cruel death. "Do not follow her; it is best so " It was Bex who spoke to Warlock, and the boy fell back to let me pass—pass on, out into the soft tumult Of the night, the tumult cf wind-swept trees and drifting cloud, the tumult that best suited the storm that beat in my heart and throbbed in my brain. Yet did comfort underlie my trouble. I could thank God that I had given eympathy and love where both were sorely needed. I could be glad that the thoughts of a lonely, homeless child had turned to me, finding peace and solace. As for Arthur Denoison's death, I knew that many a base, black orime hides its accursed Ifaoe in darkness that no human eye can pierce. I knew that many a man walks the earth free and unfettered upon whose brow is stamped the mark of Cain. I knew more than this—I knew that in the light of God's eternal day the white-robed figure that had wafted me that supreme farewell should oome to meet me. But there would be no veil upon the face. IF IN IS.] 