fflruntba. Hot. Melos. Theatre. Garner's. Second day of Show. Third Friday in Lent. The policy is leaking out. Henry George in Australia. Mr. G. Gollan off—good-by. Change at Garner's to-night. Melos won the Champion ra:e. Bragging Billy at Brandenburg. J unction run 17,CS7 oz. of silver. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 f\ Sir E. T. Smith is in Melbourne. Bismarck's Baby again in trouble. Have you seen tbe Japs at Garner's Alliance people's ideal iB prcn ibition, Germany wants more military credit?. British Blocks run, 15,433 oz of silver. What caused the wreck of the Qaetfl ? Australia the model of a modern State. Dr. Magarey President of the Alliance. Wanted, a candidate for East Adelaide. FxoduB of working-men from Port Pirir. Lord Onslow had enough of Wonderland. Another Ministerial plank—No backbone* A strong awimmer drowned iatheTorrensj Little interest taken in farmers' banquets - Home Rule meetings throughout couut.yj £2.5C0 offered for Melos 13 go to America* ~ President Kruger, of the Transvaa', shui np. W. £. Adcock trying hard to get out of gaol. How scientifically Lincoln does up his baok hair. O'Connor anxious to row Australia's best man. Mr. A. G. Downer goes to England next week. Wood Green near Whitmcre-sqaare to» night. Norwood footballers annual meeting tO» night. Electric underground railway in London tested. Mr. J. R. Cox, M.P., goes to Melbourne to-day. Ormuz's passengers freed from quarantine to-day. No rock discovered where Qaetta was wrecked. Mr. J. G. Knight is the Pooh Bah of th* Territory. Emrsror William again at it. Cock-adoodle-doo. Junction smelters shutdown for few days for overhaul. Maharajah of Ulwar delightsd with Ret/islet' electric light. In some places the Torrena Like is fourteen feet deep. Mr. Moule is President of the Produoere' Defence Leagne. An attempt to bring ont ex Mayor 3haif for East Torrens. John Chambers, Broken Hill miner*' committed suioide. South Australia to be represented &Q; Mining Exhibition. Second part of Bach's Passion Music at th* Cathedral to-nigh*. Emperor William will crush thoBe who trjj to hinder his place, Victoiian farmer fiaed £103 for ill-treating Industrial schoolboy. Ministry to have another big think ove£ the capitation puzzle. Farmers' Association declared for duty oif oats, barley, and malt. Unaccountable carelessness shown In thft grounding of Glenrosa, Sydney Single Tax Society wants duties onf raw mater : al8 abolished. Government dare not propose capitation grants to private Bchools. Sun rose at 5.54 a.m.; Bets at 6.28 p.m. Mooa set at 5.5i a.m.; rises at 7.7 p.m. Miss Elsie Hall, a clever juvenile Aufe tralian pianiste, will tour the colonies. Capitation grant not merely State-aid ta' religion but to denominational teaching. Captain Kerr, of the Glenrosa, has had hi* certificate suspended for eighteen months. As Mr. Shaw asked Mr. Play ford to contest EastTorrecs, of coarse he is not opposing . him. Australian Eleven not strODg enough ta please English sporting papers—at a distance, Lieutenant- Colonel Clexton after thirtysix years' useful service in the Defence Forced. retires. What's the use of blowing afeout a policy which the Assembly laughed out of th« House ? Five of the Ministry attended publicans'; picnic, but only two the Temperance Alliance meeting. Producers' Defence League formed ta counteract the operations of the Single Tax Association. Three plankB of the policy—No single tar^ no Eight Hours' Bill, and no licence feeB to Corporations. Capitation grantB nothing else than thsr beginning of the endowment of denomina-* tional schools. Chinaman in stalls oalled out to Lincoln when he was giving a speoimen of a Chinescf t song lest night. The Premier confesses the Ministry hawf not made up their minds on the capitation' £,-*ut question. Stated that 100,000 English colliers will turn out on March 15 if their wages are nob raised 15 per cent. Yonug Gordon and Jamie Ho ire sent to talk to the faimers, while the Premier stayed at home insubating. Northern Congregational ministers, itf common with nearly every one else, opposed to capitation grants. Hon. J. H. Gordon admits that thtf Ministry has made many mistakes. Tha publio knew it before. Guardian wants Australian clergy to deny communion to those who take advantage o£ the Divorce Extension Bill. Dr. Campbell wants a Co.-naiiasioner oC Agriculture. He waa chosen as seventh! Minister by the present Government. We know one or two things that are not included in the Government policy. Wilfr the Premier tell UB something that IB to be iq it? The policy of the present Ministry is tof foimulate measures to advanoe the materia^ interests of the colony." We have heard something like that before. Any member of the publio may prooeed against the Tram Companies for allowing th<| overctowding of cars, according to Baroi^ Pollock and Jnstioe Hawkins. Obituaries.—Pope Innocent XHL died* March 7, 1724. But why did he do thatSi Well, in 1721 he conferred upon Guillaum£ Dubois a cardinal's hat, whioh didn't fit4 Dubois was tbe son of a poor French* apothecary, and by the force of his inherent! genius- he raised himself to positions of? eminence in the Church and Stated In 1722 he was appointed First Minister of State. From that timet he re'gned absolute master, and the depraved Couit Bunk still lower in its vices. Tbe result wes that the Pope died of chagrin for, having raised to the oardinalate a man wha so disgraced himself and his profession by( his profligacy, avarice, and ambition,—Johnf Whitehead was a physician and a Method diet preacher—ergo, he had the oure o£ bodies and souls to look to. He attended John Wesley in his last sickness, preached? his funeral sermon, published memoirs of hla life in two volumes, and then gave up tho. ghost Maroh 7,1801. Memorabilia.—That antiquarian chronologist writes:—"Thecustom of reckoning brf weekswas introducedatRomeduringthethirdf century, and was derived from the Egyptians, that anomalous people who united in them-, selves all the wisdom and all the folly of thei world. In the months of March, May, July, and October the nones fell on thei seventh day. Augustus avoided even tha name of this day with that which followed the mindiries as ominous, and kept hla chamber because he supposed they had some relation to tbe novendiales—those days oa whioh the dead were buried."—Evelyn, writing from the Royal Palace at Fontainblea® on March 7, 1645, says:—" We went to the volary whioh has a cupola; in the middle or it great trees and bushes, it being f"»u 01 birdB. The Rreat garden has in the centre ft fountain of Tiber, a colosBean figure of brats with the wolf over Romulus and R«mo« The carps came familiarly to hand to ba fed." Don't carp at this, gentle reader. 'Ii. 