MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. By Mbs. Howeke. -._ :. v,. 'Well, what doyou think?' inquired Mr. Boweer, -as he looked up at me across the eupper table one evening. ,. '.You— you haven't been and bought an ottier horse, Btr.BowBei ?'' 'Horee! Can't you think of anything but horse ? I suppose you'll throw, that horse up to me to your dying day ?' ' I'm eo glad 70a have decided not to bay another 1 is it more chickens, or a new fire-escape, or another dog to eat us op ?' He turned pate and refused to say an other word for two hours. Then . he could hold himself no longer, and he suddenly observed : .'I suppose you will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ' What do you mean ?' ' Just what I say. You are soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ~' ' Axe you going to run for office ?' ' I am. It was all settled this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this ward.9' ' Mr. Bowser, is it possible that you are going to let them lead you into any Buch foolishness ! I thought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all your mistakes.' ' My mistakes !' he shouted. 'I never made one in my life, except when I married yout Level head 1 I'd like to see someone who carries a more level head than I do !' *' And eo you are going to be alderman ?' « If L live.' ' But what for ?' ' Because it is the wish of the people. My .country calls. , The committee have canvassed the ward and concluded that I was not only the bestiman for the office, but *he only one who stood any show against the vicious opposition. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot must be ready to sacrifice.' ' I'm eo eorry 1' . - : 'So sorry! For what? Because I have been selected above all others 1 Be cause honors have been thrust upon me ! Mrs. Bowser, yon have never appreciated the man you married, and you probably never will.' ''Well, I shan't eay any more. I think it is a pnt-up job to get money out of you, and I know what a gang will be running here after you. It's your own affair, how ever. Don't blame me if you get left/' ' There you go I Always opposed to me ! I can plainly see why some men never get along. If I had a wife tike some I know of I'd have been Governor of the state long ago. I'm going to run, however, and after I'm elected you'll probably be just mean enough to say you brought it about.' .. I-didn't eay any more.- As soon? as1 he' left the house next morning I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly out of eight before the bell rang, and I opened the door to find a dirty looking fellow with his hat on his ear who asked: ' Is Bowser home ?' 'No, sir.' 'Gets out pretty early, doesn't he? .Leave any money for me ?' 'No.eir.' ! 'He didn't, eh? Purty specimen of a candidate he isf Expects us to -do all tha figurin* tor authin, does he ?' * ' Who are yon sir ?' ' Who are I ?'.he/xepeated as he elanted ius hat a* 'little ' more and epit over hie shoulder. ?' I'm the party as carries this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if old Boww don't cum down liberally he gets left. fTell him to- come and see me.' Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find a ward- heeler or some other sort of political parasite on the door-step. Oneof them even went eo^ar as to ask me ito pledge-Mr. Bowser to Vote for him to f -*iui'orie-6f-ihB--Bfty^Hail elevators.' There were three others waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I .saw him give them money. : He' came in ' excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred he replied : ' Let the dear people come I They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected/and elected I eball be as cure as the eun rises on the day. What do you think f I was talking with a prominent man belonging to the opposition and he said it would be no use for his party to put ; j up'- a' man against me. Bowser stock is ,-- w*yug,liey!' '*-* -Fora week I lived in a slate of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a ward heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ringing, it was some man who wanted a . sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, nnd on three nights Mr. Bowser had to 'go the rounds' of the ward and ' see the boys.' On the last night I had to help him up etaire, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whimpered : ' Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to ehee how e'r people love me. They cry f 'r me, and — and I cry f 'r zhem !' This went on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate. Mr. Bowser said he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would nave to be on hand.' . As soon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didn't say much, but I felt pretty sure how it would come out. .. Along about. 9 o'clock lie came; home. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white. ' What on earth is the matter now ?' I asked as he banged into the hall. tlQt — gone!' he gasped. 'How gone?' 'Gone up.' ' Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. You act as if you had met a ghost and lost your senses.' ' I — I didn't get the nom — nomination !' he whispered, his knees quaking so that he had to sit down on a chair. 'Why didn't you?' ' Because they concluded that Mr. Scott was the more popular and the stronger man.' 'What! That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whipping his wife ?' 'Y— yes.' We looked at each other for a long time without speaking. Then I said : 'I thought the dear people loved you, Mr. Bowser.' , 'Yes.' 'You were to be selected above all others and honors thrust upon you.' 'Yes.' ' Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. You were the patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself.' 'Yes.' 'How much has this experience cost you?' 'kt:Four hundred.' ~ ' Well, you have made a fool of yourself, and I hope it will 'be4- a lesson to you. You'd better go to bed.' u £ — I guess I will !' At midnight he woke up, eat up in bed, and exclaimed : rt took here, old lady, I hope you feel better, having accomplished your villainous object !' ' What do you mean P' ' I mean that you defeated me in the canons! Everybody knows you, and this opportunity for revenge could not be passed over. Mrs. Bowser, you have gone a step too far! To-morrow I shall consult a lawyer about divorce proceedings 1' ' Go to sleep.' ' Yes, I'll go to sleep, but don't imagine I shall forget or overlook your base dupli city. I have borne and borne, but thiB is the end !' Next morning, however, he made no reference to the matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been withdrawn in the interests of harmony, he came home one day to observe : ' I bear that my name is being men tioned for Mayor, but I shan't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, humble citizen.' — D. F. Pros. 