WAKING DREAMS AND OTHE0 i ILLUSIONS., , SCIExE l has done much tolshoew that the. t old belief in apparitions rested oni notling; more than illusive fancies:nften 'resulting fronl physical derangelment, and we may depend upon it that the explsanation of mIany illusions that once were mysteries, is to be found in a study of the phys'siology of the nerves and of the o-ilbndr ''. thoroughly elucidate the sdbject'bofthese' illusions wvithin a brief space, we mayegin ?ti. selecting. one .or twvo.illistrations'Bof illusive vision, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of this physiologist. One of the best known cases-deriving itsinterest from the fact that thesubjectof theovisitationsin question him self narrates the facts- is,that of Nicolai, a well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, .who s-ead an aceoun@tf his case beforo,the Berlln Academy of Sclences. We shall give the account in his own words. "During the few latter months of the year 1700," says Nicobisi, ." I llhd exjperie>ced.Jm'eral melancholy incidents, wlhich deeplyaffected. me, particlarlrvy. Septombor, from which time I silffeied" `an' almost uhnintdrrupted. seriesof misfortuttes, that affected me with .the nlost. poignant grief. I wasaccustomed: to babled twice a year, and this had been done once a .the th, of July, but was omitted 'to be repeated at 'the end of the year 1790. . . I haind, in 'January and c'ebrrary of thie year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely 'unpleasant circumstances, which were followed on the 24th of February by a most iviolect altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in the morning in order to console meo; but I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most power fully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived at about the:distance of ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It was but natural tlhat she should not see anytling; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being ex tremely exhausted, fell into a restlsss sleep, which lasted about half-an-hour. The phy sician ascribed.tlhe vision to violent mental emotion, and hloped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more minute description. "At four in tile afternoon, tile form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I wias persecuted by the form, which, how ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I know were composed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively small. When I shut my eyes these forms would 'sonietimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them with iy eyes closed; yet,when theydisappeared on such occasions, they generally returned whoen I opened my eyes. They all appeared to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dresses, though the colours seemed sonic what paler than in real nature; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent slape, and some present ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased' in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I'also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more frequently they addressed their discourse to me; their speeches being uncommonly short and never of an unpleasant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both sexes, whose addresses tended to appease my grief, which had not yet wholly subsided; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed to me when I was alone. Sometimes, how'ever, I was accosted by 'these consoling friends while I was engaged in company, and not un frequently while real persons were speak ing to me. The consolatory addresses con silted sometimbs of abrupt phrases, and at othedi times they were regularly executed." Such was n'icolai's account of thle I phantom-visitors who addressed and con soled him in his domestic affliction. It is interesting to lursue still further his accountof their disappearance. Theoreader will recollect that Nicolai had neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-letting in whichlit was customary in the days we sipeak of for our forefat;.ers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches should be used, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven So'cloclk in the morning, Nicolni informs us I the operation was performed. "'No person," heis continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, but during the operation mny chamber was crowded with human visions of- all descriptions. 'lhis continued unin I terruptedly till about half an hour after four o'clock, lust when my digestion com menced. I then perceived that theybegann to move more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fsade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely whlite, But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in n3 mnber, as had general'y been .tlhe case. They now seemedl to dissolve in tlhe air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considersblo time. About I eight o'clock tlhe:room was entirely cleared of my fintastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nicolni, "I have felt' twice or three Stimes a sensation as if they were going to reappear, without, Ihowever, actually seeing sssytin g. Tihe same sensation surprisedt ne just before I drevwup this account while was examining some papers relative to these phenomena, which I had drawn up in the year 1791." Such is a historical account of what mayn appear to tile senses of a sanen and reason itblo individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will bh udvisbsle to give one or two further examples of the phenomena in question. On theoccasionof tile fire which dlestroyed lart of thie Crystsl Palace ill tile winter of 1866-7, part of the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flanmes. The clhimpauzeo, however, was believed tohnive escaped from hIis cage and was presently seoni on the roof enioeavour ing to save" himself by clutchling'in wild lespair one of the iron beams which the fire halnd spared. Tihe struggles of tihe animal were watchecd with an intense curiosity, mingled withi horror and sym lpthy for the supposedl fateowhich siwa'ted tile unfortunnato mionkley. What wa's tIhe surprise of the spectalors of aun imminent tragedy to find that thle objecl '-hiels in tile gtise of a terrified apie had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of cnsvas hlindl, so tattered, that to'the eye of thle imagination, and when moved b.y the windl, it presentedl the exact counterpart of astruggling nnimall SSuch an examplea is:of especial. interest, bIecause it proves to ns tlhat not one person alone, but a nlrge number of spectators, may bo deceived by an object imperfectly -seen, and .ided in the illusion by a vivid imagination, into fancying sll thIe 'detile of a spectacle of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. r 7\ singulnr case has been given on strict medical authority of. a lady. who, walking Sfron l'enrhyn to l'almouthl--hcr nsind being Soccupied with thle subject of drisnking fountains--wass certain she saw in tile road a nowly-erectedl fountain, bearinlg tlh in scripltion," If any man thirst, let hum come unto me and drink." As amntter of cousrse lshe mentioned her interest in seeing such I an erection to tie dssughters- of tile gentle muans who was suplosed to hlave placed the F fountain in its position. They assured her tlhat no snch foutain was in existence; lbut convisnced of thei reality of her senses on tie ground that "seeing is believing," halo replairedl to thle spot where she had seen the fountain, only to findl, however, a few scattered stones in pilace of the expected erection. Wei may now turn to consider the serintiflic exlanation of such curious lphenomena iCn n human existence. The canuses of these illhsions are not diflicult to undeerstand, since tlhey in reality depend upon a slight derangement of the powers whereby we see and ihear in an ordinary and normal methodl. 'To mauke our meaning I clear, let us briefly consider what takes place in ordinnrysensation, when we see or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence., _The eye alighting on an object transfers an impressionof that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of si rht~ which leads from the eye to the part of the brain exercising the senso of sight. We in reality do not see with the eye. That organ is? uierely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, focue, and other \- ',ise'hdjitstriays-of light streaming from the objects we see. The function of the eye is simply thatof adjusting and correlat ing the conditions necessary for the pro duction of an impression. This impression is carried in duo course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation--fthat of siglht. We thus truly see not with the eye, but with the brain, or rather with that ,portion of the braen.which liea in direct relation cth the nerres of sight. Tie eye represents the lenses of tlhe phtotographier's camera; but the brain corresponds to the sensitive plate 3?hiclt.receives the image of.lthe sitter,_autl on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, the same promiinent feature may also be ex pressed-namely, that in the brain and not in the mere organ of sense must be allocated 'the true seat of knowledge. The ear modi fties waves of sound; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hearing. The finger touches an olbject; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the hand. The impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, there to be analysed, com mented upon, and if necessary, acted upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses, rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humaanity. When we are conscious of look Ing at a real object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have seen. SSuch a sensation we call an "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we hear a tune played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called "subjective." But there are many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations. sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day-dreamercan some times bring the scenes in which Ihe hais once taken part so vividly before his mental gaze, tlhat his reverie may actuallybe broken by the words which uniconsciously flow from his lips as his imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imitn tion of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes which have once been objectively present with us. In the dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness so to speank, we project forwards, in our sleep, thepictures which a busy brain isreproduc ing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous combinations we are familiar with in the "land of Nod." And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts of science, the explanation of the otherwiso curious and mysterious sub ject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain has the ordi nary power of forming imnges which may be projected outwards in the form of the fancies of every-day life. But these pro jected fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requisite conditions. When we hear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in such a case is an internal or sub jective one. When we see flashes of light which have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in tihe same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the ,sparks or flashes of. light, are subjective sensations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation of tlhat part of the brain, which would have, received the im pressions of sight had the objects in ques tion had an actual existence. But tihe subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be found that illusive visions appear only when the health of thie subject of these visitations is in a weakly state. The de rangement of the honalth is the primary cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the plhantasms of Nicolai were persons whom li knew. Such visions then may be supposed to simply represent the effects of very recent images which atid been received and stored in thie brain, and which were evolved by the exercise of un cons'ioios memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark may be made---memory again re producing, by the subjective impressions of tlhe brain, the forms of dead friends. But whtat, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whom he could not remember; mys terious reproductions, by the brain, of events which had been impressed thereon, but which had escapled remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom Nicolai may have simply heard described, could be thus produced, and present apparently the imnges of persons with whom ed was net, as a matter of con scious memory, familiar. The brain, in other words, registers and remembers more thin memory can evolve; and it is reason anlo to conceive tlat forgotten images of .lings or persons once seen fotrmed the mysterious strangers of Nicolni's walking, dreamns, It is noteworthy that only after a long period of visitation from his fantastic friends did Nicolai begin to hear themn speak. Thus, the sense of hearing hlad also come in time to lend itsg aid ii propan gating the illusions; and the fact tlhat the visions addressed Nicolai concerning hils own immediate affairs and hiis personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows tie un conscious action of a nmind whlich was brooding over its own trials, andti which was evolving from withina itself tile conm fort andti consolatin o:f kindly friends. Last of all, that tbe )iiat'itial basis of these visionary friefids resided in the weally body of their host is proved by their dis appecaramce on the resumption of the custo mary bloodtl-lettin¢' and thie improvement of the hIealtht-an additionel fact slhowing the relation of the healthy body to the soundilind. All siuch illusive visions are thus readily explaiilid as tie creatures of an imginea tion whichl, tlhrough some brain disturh ance, is enableld eto project its visions forward .on tihe seats of sense, as tihe "ringing" in our ears is piroduced by some irritation of thie Iearing-entre of the brtin. The known vision is a reproduc tion of tile present memory, andt the un .known vision is the reproduction of a forgotten figuro which lias nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of tile memnory-chamber. Scielice may thus-as we hlave before hadl frequent occeasion to assure our readers -dispel tihe illusion by its free explana tion; nndt science has no hligler function or nobler use than whenm, by its aid, a subject like tihe present is rescued from the domain of tihe mysterious and brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge. 