amongst the books. LITERARY GOSSIP. The Italian patriot and author of Men crwZ Soldiers , Professor G. G. Abba, of Brescia, has been received in private audience by King Hum bert. His Majesty told the author he honed tho book would be read iu schools and by soldiers. He conversed on many things, especially the Garibaldian epoch. At that time, said King Humbert, when he was still very young, his heart had beaten high on hearing of the marvels accomplished by the "Thousand," and lie would have liked to be a simple citizen to be able also to give his blood for his country and escape, like so many other youths, from paternal custody. "But how can such as we escape? "he added, smiling. The Madagascar Neics published at Antana narivo, adopts for it3 motto " Madagascar for the Malagasy." It ib a olosely printed quarto of 20 pages, besides a pictorial supplement giving views of the new hosi>ital in the Madagascau capital. Great part of the number is occupied with a report of the patriotic manifestations at tho Royal review, at which tho Queen was present, with her Court and chief officers. A translation is appended of the loyal songs sung by Queen Ran&valomanjaka;'s second regiment of volunteers, and ending with tho following fervent stanza s O Madagascar, if anyone injure thee, Or use thee as a placo on which to pound rice, We are not afraid ; Or feed tho fire above the waters, Even though one side of our hair be burned up, Behold us Thy Volunteers, O most Royal Lady, our Queen. Leading cases bearing on copyright law are not, as a rule, to be reckoned among the produc tions of India ; but two recent copyright cases in the High Court of Bombay are, neverthe less, of some interest. In tho one, Messrs. Macmillan and Co. successfully maintained their right to be protected against a slavish repro duction of Mr. Palgrave's well known Golden Treasury of Songs, though that work is a mere selection. In the other, a native gentleman whoso copyright in a poem in the Urdu language had becu infringed, as he very naturally thought, by the publication without his sanction of a translation into Persian, failed to obtain an injunction, tho court being of opinion that " by translating the defendant had made the book his own." Such a view is not likely to be adopted in these days by an English judge ; but it is curious that the right to prevent unauthor ised translations — outside the operation of copy right conventions— should still be in any degree doubtful. In America it has been distinctly negatived— as in the cose of Mrs. Beechcr Stowe, who found it impossible to prevent the publica tion of an unauthorised translation into German of Uncle Tom's Cabin. Miss Braddon makes a charge against a New York publisher of issuing as hers a story witii which she has had nothing whatever to do. Tho offending personage is a Mr. William Caldwell, editor aud proprietor of theAfcio York Mercury, and the story is called The Tiger Head, or the Ghost of an Avalanche. The case is worth reverting to on account of an interesting literary discovery whioh Miss Braddon has made. This is nothing more or less than the fact that The Tiger Head or the Ghost of an Avalanche, is really a paraphrase under another name of an early play of her own. "Some years ago," she writes, "I produced at the Royal Alexandra Theatre, Liverpool, a melodrama entitled The Missing Witness, which met with considerable favor from a Liverpool audience, and would have been produced at the Adelphi in London could Mr. Edward Sakcr and I have accepted the terms which Sir. Chatterton offered to him as actor, aud tome asautlior. A few copies of this play were printed, for private circulation only, and it is doubtless from one of these copies,, misap propriated by a litorary hack, that the ground work of Mr. Caldwell's ' new and original copy right romance by Miss M. E. Braddon' has bcon stolen." The man who can appropriate a privately printed play, hand it over to some one who sows up tho ends of the lines, and then announce it as a new and original prose work by an author who had never seen it iu that form, is evidently equal to anything. In rcmiuisceuccs of Theophile Gautier his daughter writes that she remembers distinctly tho first timo she ever saw Alexandre Dumas phrc. He had been absent for a considerable time on liis travels, when one night when the house was asleep there was & violent ring at the belL Everybody was soon out of bed, and the most courageous opened a window and cried out "Who's there?" "Le pore Dumas, le grand Dumas," answered the familiar voice of Alexandre Jils. With a great laugh Dumas shouted his excuses for coining at such an hour ; but he said, " I absolutely must have a copy of tho Moniteur of about & fortnight ago, which I am sure you must have." Everybody was delighted to havo a visit from the author of Lcs Mousquetaires even at so untimely an hour, aud in a few minutes everybody was downstairs. The writer of these reminiscences describes him as a very large tall man, with a head which, by reason of its thick covering of fretful hair, seemed enormous, lie had laugh ing eyes, and brilliantly white teeth shining between very thiok lips. He embraced the whole family in the most paternal fashion ; tho lamps wero lighted, cfu pale ale was produced, and while Gautier's daughter filled his glass he paid her a compliment. " Your oyos," he said, " are tho color of this beer" — rather an unusual color for eyes. A great heap of newspapers was turned over in tho effort to find the particular number of tho Moniteur which Dumas wanted, the exact dato of which ho did not know. But the rustling of tho paper jarred his nerves, and I10 admitted that after all it didn't matter. Then ho talked gaily with Gautier, recalling old times and describing the journey from which ho b&s; just returned. When ho left it was day light. 