The latest attempt at coDslitntion making, as described in a late cable gram, is that of the new Brazilian Republic. During the ten months that have elasped since the bloodless revolution of November 15th. 1SS9, when the late emperor, Dom Pedro was packed off to Europe in one of his own steamers, the career of the ' United States of Brazil' has not been wholly free from disturbance. The deposition of the emperor, to begin with, was not unconditionally acquiesced in by all the provinces.and much moderation was needed on the part of General Fonseca's government to prevent the still strong royalist party from gaining the ascendant in the internal politics of the new state. A period of turbulence and unreason was in any case inevitable, and although the exaggerated reports of counter-revolution and civil war, in which the monarchical press ot most European states maliciously dealt, were soon shewn to have had the slenderest possible substratum of fact, it is equally certain that the pro moters of the charge of government had many di faculties to encounter before it could be completely and peaceably accomplished. At first it appears to have been thought that the mere titular change from Empire to Republic would meet all require ments ; that the infusion of an already existent democratic spirit into the old monarchical forms would suffice to ensure to the new State all those ad vim tuges that were anticipated irom the more popular form of govern nient. Accordingly the government first formed after the departure of JJom Pedro aimed at little more than the substitution of a President for an Emperor, the displacement of all imperial emblems by others ol a dis tinctly .republican tenor, and a some what fuller representation of the jjuujjh: in uiu eiuuuve cnamoer. wicn these exceptions everything went on as usual : Die imperial officials be came republican, most of the ambas sadors who had represented the em pire abroad continued at their posts to represent the republic, and most of the foreign powers — Russia perhaps alone excepted — accepted the change without reserve. Brazil had a constitution, in all essentials of a strongly democratic cast, dated 25lh March, 182G, and this, it was at first supposed, would serve equally I well under the new order of things. As time went on, however, it became apparent that the old bottles could not be saiely trusted to hold the new wine, and that if the republic was to be a success, the institutions of the monarchy must be entirely re modelled. The draft ol a new con stitution was accordingly promul gated about the middle ot July last, and after being widely disseminated throughout the various provinces ol the late empire, will be submitted for consideration to a constituent as sembly, specially convened for that object for the 15th November next, when the iirst presidential election will at the same time be held. The information to band concerning this document is rather meagre. We are told, however, that it provides lor a practical application of the federal system to the numerous provinces and districts comprised within tbe vast Brazilian territory, including a central or federal district like that of Columbia in the United States, as the seat of the federal Government. Unlike tbe dis trict of Columbia, however, the corresponding province ofBrazil will be duly represented in Congress with the other portions of the Union. Other features of the new constitu tion are that the President is respon sible to the nation only, while the late imperial ministers are replaced by secretaries of State who in their turn are responsible to the President alone, who can appoint and dismiss at will. By this expedient, which is borrowed from the iSorth American Union, tho Brazilians will have got rid of the worst inconveniences of the see saw system of party government, as evolved in almost all European countries and brought to tbe acme of perfection — orabsurdity — in the Aus tralian colonies. Defeat of a Minis terial measure will not thus entail the resignation of the Ministry, with all the delays, excitement and ex pense incidental to the formation of a new one. The federal parliament will consist, as heretofore, of two Chambers, a House of Representa tives elected by the people generally, and a Senate nominated by the various State legislatures. This arrangement, which again is sub stantially that of the United States of Northern America, serves to re mind us how persistently an ad mittedly useless and pernicious system will hold its ground, merely because it is old. From the ' Boule' aud 'Ecclesia' of Athens, or the 'Senatus'and 'Comitia' of Rome downwards, the stupid bicameral system, the outflow of class privilege, has hung tor centuries like a mill stone about the neck of the civilized world, and it is not a little mortifying to find the pallid ghost of the British House of Lords rising up in Brazil. Apart from this needless dup lication and potential antagonism of legislative authority the provisions made for the discharge of its func tions are sensible enough. The House of Representatives is elected for 3 years only, the Senate for 9 yeais, while the Presidential term of office is fixed at the medium figure of 6 years. These periods, the last named especially, are an improve ment of those under the older American constitution, the smooth working of which is seriously inter fered with by the perennial excite ment and intrigue involved in the too frequent presidential elections. As regards the question of suffrage, the franchise is probably as wide as it can safely be made in a community comprising nearly three million re cently manumitted Blaves and over one million of unreclaimed Indians. The electoral privilege is allotted, under the draft Bill, to every male over 21 years of age capable of sign ing his name ; a not wholly satisfac tory test of education, but perhaps the only one applicable to population in the mass. There is little doubt that the assimilation of the new Brazilian constitution to that of the American Union, while avoiding its more obvious abuses, was in great part due to the approximation effected between the two countries during the late Pan-American confe rence. The latter, though barren of economic results, can hardly have failed to inspire the various nation alities of the New World with a sense of community of interest that is bound to reveal itself more clearly as their individual development pro gresses. 