LEONARD LINDSAY; ob, THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. by ANGUS B. BEACH. Ceac-ved XXIV. — (Continued/ At 10 o'clock exactly I took my way over the sandy beftch to Peralta's hut, which stood a littlo apart from the other buildings, towards the landward extremity of the ranehiera. As I plodded along, sometimes , tripping over mounds of oysters ; sometimes 1 stopping to look to seaward, where all the lights of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, J suddenly heard a loud outcry, in which I could dis- tinguifih the yells of an Indian, and the gruff -voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lanterns, which gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. H3ie men bearing them disappeared through the principal gate of the foil, und then the Indians, who wcxc left out side, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, until they were threatened by the sentries, and told they would be fired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquire into the cause of the tumult, but 1 judged that it was probably occasioned by the arrest of an Indian who had committed some crime ; perhaps, as was ery common, stolen or secreted a valuable pearl. However, i did not think much of the matter, and soon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large bouse as compared with most of its ncigfibiuv, fenced all around with walls formed of double lines of strong tough stakes, the space between tbem being filled up with stones gathered apparently from the sou beach. On knocking. I' was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into a email room, with wall< roughly built of wood and stone, through which the starlight wan hUnfasr at mony cracks and crevices, ard mingling with the smoky glimmer of a gieut brass lamp. The place contained out mo most ordinary sort ot furniture— ft hammock hung in a corner, an oiled bag for holding clothes, a table, and two or tlireo small chairs, or rather large Stools. The table, however, was hud out for Supper, and showed a capital repast of fish, flesh, and fowl : while a couplo of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and begrimed, as though they bod long lain deep in a well-stocked cellar, made a carious contrast to the cracked crockery audi wooden plotters, and hacked and broken knives and frks which lay beside him. " You see," quoth Feralta, 44 that, though I may have dealing! with kings, I don't- by any means live in a palace. There arc idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, brocades and velvets me of the former class; hut good meats to eat, and good wines to drink, are of the latter. Now you sec I em an admirer of the substantial vanities. I love to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though it be picked up with a broken one-pronged fork, and I lore to drink tho choicest vintage cf Rhine or Rhone, without at all oaring whether I put my lips to u golden cap which Beovenuto hath wrought, or to a alabash whieh Qu&ko; hath scooped before supper." So saying, the pearl merchant started the <0rk from one of the flasks, and I tested eertainly the most delirious draught which yer tingled on ray palate. " Haf" quoth my entertainer, as I held alt the empty cup to be refilled, 4 'you find that better than even the most skilful impound of rye brandy and bilge water. AVsJ bieii aloft — you have a palate which I grieve to eay many gentlemen of your kind tod profession possess not, preferring the hot strong dirinka of Jamaica, and Tortugns taverns, even, to such adorable nectar as this. Why, man. hold out thy glass again, the grand Lrais himself oannot fish up a tooicer flask from the most sacred crypt be neath the marble pavements of Versailles." Talking in this way — relating to me strange anecdotes touching great generals Sfid statera, and eves kings, with «tom M flAfd-- tn Min«« Lin Words, had held familiar converse, and tfle moral of all these stories being, that the generals mid statesmen and kings u question tiere as stupid, and aa earily to be trailed and tihghed at as mere ordinary mortals— the capper and one of the wine finks were eoon despatched. Then, placing the fragments in 4 corner, Peralta product a sort of purse or kfltg of filagree workmanship, in bright silver, fed which seemed to be the only thing of prieein his dwelling — always excepting the Mats and wines— and taking from it some tQhaooo of most delicate novuur, we began to ifeoke and discuss the ccond bottle, which WU of a different kind from the first, the wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and cftming, ea he told me, from Dijon in Bur- gfindy. "While we sat thus, my entertainer took sjjnoat all the conversation to himself. Xe spoke of things new sad strange to US : of the crowu jewels of mighty poten tates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling iii the filthy back lane of the cities of Bprope— -ia die Jowry of London, (he Joden ferasse of Frankfort, and the Ghetto of Kbo- 41 And your brave Christian goes past, stopping his nose for the savonre of fish fried to oil, and elbowing aud jostling the hook- qteed, shabby old men who make way, With many a 4 Give you good e'en, my lard : ' and 4 Faugh' aaye he, 'these Sinking unbelievers ; why be they not packed bodily off to their holy city again '—and m> Itasca he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss mekimr'a hand ; while all tlxe time — ha ! ha ! la I — that very king is thinking and ponder fe in his small mind bow best he can ttueoze the next subsidy out of hia faithful aS&es; and towns, end so release the brightest whvelin the regalia, now held in pawn by old Jjaac, or old Jaoob, or old Abraham, the Vtoy dirtiest, raggedeat, vello vast -skinned todhookedest-nosed of the whole brother k%od — ha ! ha t ha !" The peari merchant said this with so much gario, and laughed with so much glee, that I feg&n; to think he must be one of the fraternity himself . He seemed to divine my thoughts, far. As if T annL- fla them. he. as it were. replied — 41 No, me, no f Sessor Boecanacr, although I have nook traffic with the setd of Abraham, I am none of their kindred ; were I such, I Weald be wiser than to come here to live in a ou this scorching coast, driving hard I httgaina tor siokoystem.1 My entertainer then went en with hia atsries of European courts, and I was listen - fag with epeu mouth, as ha told, with many a quip and many a sneer, how, under the guidance of one Ohiffinoh, he had one night passed up the back etairs at "Whitehall to hold a secret interview with Louise de Queraillcs, rinco Duchess of Portsmouth, touching cer- fefci jewels which it was convenient to raise mtrney upon until there should oome a re- fettance from the oonrtof Versailles, through Honsigneur Barillon, the ambassador of Louis ; when all at onoe there came a loud rap, accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the wjpr. Peralta started quickly up, but with- at appearing at all discomposed, and open ing the door with speed, a handsome feBow, % mulatto, dressed like a tailor, bounded in. claiming at the same moment, in a loud whisper: 11 Juan and Blanco are both detooted ! " Dien, seeing me, he atopped as suddenly m uioogn ne nan ueen booi; oat x eraiw peedily reassured him. "Go ou, man; go ou. Ha who ctandeth there ia my friend ; he is one of ua ; go on. Have they confessed? " 44 Ali," replied the mulatto. 11 They first told the truth, and then a great deal more thpn the truth, to hopes the better to save their necks. I squeezed to with them into "fee fort, and heard it oil. The soldiers art %ing. I heard the order given." Peralta stood- etiU for a moment, and then -fafid hurriedly , 44Doth it blow?" ' Jibe mulatto replied, that there was a light only, from the eastward, ri'mtli the tide two hours on the ebb. what will do well. Disco is on-flward the Ifogua?" The mulatto nodded eagerly. Peralta fafued to mo—" I a appose," quoth he, 41 you five no objeoriou to make a start "of it this toyhrtuP Nono, none, I replied," wondering with my whole soul at the mcuning of this strunc scene. "Follow iue, then, and do as I do,"rc- pliodrcraHu. Ho swallowed hia last cup of wine, and wailed when he saw me copying his example to the letter. Then, blowing the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously amongst tiio scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, so put none, though I was almost bursting with curiosity. In a minute or two we heard the measured tramp of soldiers advancing, aud presently the clash of the;r arms and the gleam of their amps burst forth together as they murchcd round the comer of a siu-ill street, fol lowed by a great many Indians. There was a hollow place close l»y where lie stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into this Poralta sank suddenly, flinging Liroself flat upon the ground, while tho mulatto und I followed his example. In a minute the soldiers marched by. with tlioir attendant ront of Indians gabbling and chattering very eagerly. "Now,'' quoth Veralta, "for the beach, and make as little noi>o as you cau in run ning." With these words, off he set. guiiur <iver the ground much faster than, to look at liira, I should have thought possible. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind him, meeting nobody, although we i hoard a distant tumult of voices iu the rancheria, and the tramp of people running hither and thither. There were half a do/cii skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheer ing backwards and forwards as "the current of the ebbiog tide run swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiffs Derail:! leaped aa nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at "Whitehall Staiis, wo follow ing closely upon his heels: but just as wo had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Feralta cried out to us to hold, and thcu stepping back upon the jetty, very coolv east loose the painters of the whole of the re mainder ol the boats from their factorings, and gathcriug the ends of the ropes together, as a ccachmun docs Jus reins, he shuttled back again into the stem sheet.-, easting off our mooriugft as, he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squudrou of Luais following in our wake. "Full awav, my good fellows." Peralta then said, taking uu oar out of one of the skiffs behind ili, ' I will steer yen." Our course was down the stream, aud wo swept along very rapidly, while, looking hack, wo , could see, by tbc lights which caine dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their heavers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, 44 it ia a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must when the devil or an angry Spaniard drive." All this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming iu the starlight, now began to heave und cndnlate, m the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, 41 Disco ! Disco, ahoy ! " A long shrill whistle was tho reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her twe high "raking masts, and, pausing on our oars, we heard tho rush of the tide against her sharp bows. 41 Disco is all awake," said Peralta, aud in a moment more we were alongside and tumb ling into the piragua, which, notwithstand ing her very considerable eize, was so light as to rock violently as, one by one, we leaped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a Hosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamour oa shore, and he asked eagerly what the matter waa. ' 4 The matter," said Peralta, u is that we must get to sea aa soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher — that puff quite ruffled the water. Jeaipa," this was to the mulatto, 44 jump forward and cut the cable — nn time tor wnicrhintr niwn trM. a awaati or an oar out on the larboard faoirs to cant her head round. Lindsay, bear a hand my man, and get the canvas upon her, or some of our nieads ashore will oe swimming down upon us with their knives in their teeth." The coolness of Peralta was capital to see. Just as Jenipa'a knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bows of the piragua, she swung round with her head towards the shore wa had just left, while Peralta, who worked as thoagh he had been afloat ell his life, flung loom the fore- eail from the long supple bamboo yard, aud then both of us clapping on to the haulyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the top of the mast, and then catching the faint pan of the sea breeze, whioh has but little power when it blows in the night time, toe sail swelled gracefully out, whilo Peralta, with the shoot iu his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mai uaail upon the piragua. We were, as the reader may gueo, iu no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugeail was very eoon hoisted by rapid jerks, up toe mast, and when after having made fast the haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, 1 paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. I heard no loud robbing gurgle, such as a teasel makes travelling fast through the water ; yet the lights upou shore were flying by us as though tre were borne on horseback towards the tea— the great white flakes and stripes of froth which had floated into the river from the bar, glanced post, showing like light veins and streaks in dtrk marble — while tho skiffs which Peralta had cut lama were almost out of sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which PerOta laughed pleasantly. 44 Year Will-o'-the-wisp may be fast, Senor Buocaoeir," he arid, 4< but mo sraft that ever came off the stocks of European ship-builders will sail with the beets whioh the Indiana — e&T;&srcn; we call them — can scoop with rude tools out of a single glorious tree. Do we not move like ea appentiou — a ea spirit f Let the Spaniards ohaee us in their clumsy wooden boxes, the pirague will earn her right to her name, though ell toe navy of Old and New Spain were flashing in her wake. I call her toe Ghost ; does not she glide like one fleeting to the eepulohre at the first glimpse of toe light of the mora- ingF" I looked at Peralta , beginning to suspect that the sudden flurry, coming after toe humming wine, caused hire to vapour a little ; but, if it were so, he very soon oaxne to him self. 44 Hark!" said Disoo, "the surf oa the bar." 44 And am," added Jenipa, 44 the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the offing." "Forward, and look out, both of you," cried Peralta, sharply. 44 Keep your eyes open on either bow. ' Meantime I crouched down by the steers man ou the weather- quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much further to sea than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely toe many banks and spits of saud, which run out from the bar, ana over which nf tli# stnullpr tarmiee could float very well. The leading ships, however, ap peared to be as close to the bar on one aide aa we were on the other. "Now," seid Peralta, 14 grant that the itupidiiy of those fellows on shore will keep them from making anr signal to their com rades out at aoa." But the words were hardly out of his mouth, when the water and toe sky were lit up with a nightly flash, and the loud report of c great gun— a email bat- tarv of which was plan ted before the fort —came tolling down toe river ; and immediately afterwards a struggling volley of small arms rattled all along the bank, as though the - aoldieta were dispersed, and. running down to wards the sea. Sy this time, the white water on the bar waa close ahead. « Starboard — starboard. Keep her a little away, master, toe channel is on toe lee bow," cried Disoo. The ooune of the piragua was riteped glancing ahead, I saw the- streak of dark water, leading to the open sea : at the fame time that tho fleet of pearl fishers answered the alarm from ashore by kindling tori-hos, waving lanterns, aud shouting and blowing horns, just as they had doue the night that the privateer h)d swooped down in the centre of them aud carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this moment, we having drawn clear of tho sand hills on shore, the hrcozc freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of the right uir. The light aails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the thiu supple masts swayed and veaked, aud the few ropes wliich stayed them upou the weather-side stretched out as rigid as irou bars'. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled hi from the o fling — uot pluugiug into the great green seas, and flushing the foam sparidngly up into Ihc air, but moving rntlier like :t bird, which, with epreadbfJI.. 'aud fur-slrefcched pinions, just iiiaui.-ea.over the sea, rather flying than swimming— borne more by the winds than the waves. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fashioued a craft — so thin and slight- was her const ruction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and bond, aud quiver in the seas ---but ever ou, gaily and Ughtsomciy she went, sliding, us it were, without noise" and without shock, leaping with n quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swells, which now, as tho water shoaled upou the bar, began to roll by us, white "with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding gbot. While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar iu the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole thing passed over me like a vision — a dream of flushing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their c-nnvas flapping, and their booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ing aud moaning, and rattling together— of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running ou the decks, leaping iuto the rigging, flashing their lorehcs and lan terns; sboutmif, yelling, and hailing the piragua aud Peralta to lie to, and put about — and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols iu the air. All thi«, I say, appeared to pas by me like a vision or & drcum — and it only lasted for a few brief moments— for the piragua, which wae steered iu a fashion which made me lock upon Peralta a a sailur rather than , a merchant, flew throUirh the panic- struek squadron, who could 110 more catch her, than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a atout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted iu the piragua's fore rigging, hut even before the rope lmd tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, hi knife flashed, the severed hcrap fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of the equadron, save one or two loiterers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by wliich wo saw swarms of men rushing from tho high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. co" Ho \ ho \ ho laughed Peralta. 44 Here mee toe elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little." And, indeed, any attempt of the big ship to follow us would have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a fow more guns, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and then setting the head of the boat about nor-nor-west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, " Northward Ho I for Jamaica. For about an hour, during which time little waa spoken, Peralta held the helm. He thai called us all round him, end apportioned the viicoea m mo ..... - being placed with Disco, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed up whose watch should begin first, and it failing to the turn of Disoo and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I waa not well acquainted with the manage ment of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much oa to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath tho half-deck which extended lrom tho bows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himself up along with Jenipa, and the pair went very quietly to sleep. During our watch, wbicn vras tranquil, I tried to obtain some infor mation from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. JJttt tho fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upoa toe weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, waa us close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, ho reminded me very truly that I ought to know more about the reason of our departure than he, having oome from the shore, while he had been sleeping on board toe piragua. At that I told him what I had heard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected and takeu to the fort, where they hod uo&fessed; not only the truth, but, as I bad heard, more than the truth. The Mosquittoman merely shrnugedhis shoulders, and said he could make nothing of it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow'a face, aa toe binnacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confess. Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Peralta' s hints about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was nol loug in arriving at toe conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which toe merchant bought of the cap tain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very coomderably cheaper rate, bv deal (og quietly with the openers themselves, to which class I concluded that Juan and Blanco must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when 1 remom- hr«? muoh that I had heard touch ins the great number of pearls supposed to be secreted by the Indians, in spite of the utmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamaica «loope had, I knew, are bow goas to hover near toe Rio de la flaoha, having their agents andcorrespondenta. in various dntguieea, lurk ing apos the coast, and of course keeping up communication with the Indian diver and openers; bub the adroitness and courage shown by Peralta in living aa a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and supporting the character of a regular pearl merchant, communicating with the captain of toe fishery, while ia reality he wac driving the best part of hietia«deby underhand dealing with the Indian, conducted, no doubt, at great and constant risk of detertion and death ; all this inspired me with no respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of the piragua. Then I thought with what cool generalship he had conducted the retreat, not losing a moiaent by delay, yet taking his measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if he were depwri- ing upon a pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had notolwerved him, when leaving the hut, take frith Lira the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that he must hate amassed; but a few minutes t-<Antin« convinced me. from the perfect unconcern with which he had walked out of the hut, not 'oaring to pick up auy one article of those strewn about, that all toe valuables which he possessed on shore, ha oarried constantly eonooaled about hia person. Indeed, in the matter of such cofltlr toys aa pearls, or precious stonee. a roan"a own garments formed by far the safest depository to be found in the ran ehiera. 'While brooding over these things, toe night passed eOently away. With the grey dtTO. Peralta relieved me, and we crept in our tan under toe faal&leck;, and Ucpt until the eon rose high into the unclouded heavaa, and the piragua wae staggering along under Teefed canvas, bending over to the whistling tads- wind, and leaping from eea to sea a hunted stag. During the - day. fttie of note occurred. Peralta avoided lairing ne further into hie confldeooqgl I had tact enough to ace that I ought ' to refrain from seeming to intrude upoa his mystery. As I watched him, however, 1 often saw him bite his thin lips, cud wrinkle Iiis forehead, and clemli his baud, as if die- tressingilioughta haunted him; and at last he broke out, addressing nobody in particu lar, hut spo&king; moodily to hiWelf — " Those poor follows ! " lie cried, "those poor fellows, Juan and Blanco— I would give every pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and sound in this piragua. The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, indeed, it may have been already done, and their bodies are swinging in this same sea-breeze?1' Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, ana said that no effort we could have possibly made would have Mifticed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. 44 No, no,' said Peralta. 44 We could not > have got them out of (rouble ; but we have been the cause that they fell into it." He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew ic forth, tho hollow of the palm filled with small pe&rlB;, all glistening in toe sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then he poured tho precious morsels from one baud to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. 44 Ay,' he cried, 44 and you will sparine in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across the western sea. Little will she think bow her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornment are but as coagulated drops of human blood. Bed, red, you ought to be, and not of that lying virgin wliitenes-: — red, red, you ought to be, as the guilt of him who bath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but as lumps of brown carrion — only good to feed the vultures and the crows !" At this, I observed Jenipa and Disco ex change curious glances with each other ; but Feralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hiding- place, aud resumed, to a certain degree, his usual manner. 44 1 doubt not, hes&id; to me," presently, but that your acuteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. The two poor lavages of whom I Hpohe were indeed" my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare Kurl liath come to iny wallet, instead of their Spanish task-masters. But all is ovrr now. while I remained ou shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Hul it been within the power of man to have saved them, 1 would have perilled limbs and life to bring thorn off, but it fell out otherwise. What ia writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find too next world a better one than this/ Having pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Feralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the oceau, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and kaulyard cracking aud straining ; the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azaro light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piraguu, as, with dripping prow and polished aides, she tore away upon ner head long coarse. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, sending the young hotblood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragua for very cheery-heart edness— Peralta smiling slyly at my antics — aud sometimes lifting up my voice, I Banff an echoing chorus to the music of wind ana wave ! 44 A day or two/ I thought, 44 and I shall see, sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout .Tem, the_tyjie- hearted, and Nicky Hamstring, the merry- minded ! " Alas ! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay — not so fast ! There are perils and sufferings for ou, by sea and land, ero you step upon English ground again CHAPTER XXV- the rmioca is picked it bt a cheat 1'fiTVATKEB, AN1) I JIND UYSELP AMONG SEW FnU'MATbS. We were within a days axil of Jamaica. At the setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta bad the middle witch. I roused up about an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua heaving upoa smooth, oily swells, all un ruffled even by a puff of wiud. There was a great dank mist around us, packing upon the water as thick as smoke from a man-of- war's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chill damp. I walked up and down the small fore deck oi the piragua, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow away to lee ward the filthy fog, whieh seemed, as it were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the piragua. St aiding at the bowe, I could not bee- toe stern, and oa for tbo bead of the sails tlioy were lost in the thick opaque air. It was onrioua to gaze out upon the water a6tbe black-looking undulations of the sea rolled under us, the mist seeming to riscandftdl with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from the motion of the wave, although nota breath of wind strayed over the ticeam I might have been upon duty about half an hour, when I almost leaped irom the deck with amazement to hoar suddenly, coming from whence I knew nnt, but ringing shrilly through the thick air, a loud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. 44 Disco," I shouted, "did you hear that? VYhat was that cry ! " But the Indian, instead of answering me, stood dumb and trembling, as though struck with terror. Distantly the cry wa repeated, and even loader and mora vehemently than before. 44 It is a spirit,'1 sail the Indian. 44 It is Mine bad spirit of tbo fog. It will coma to us and kill us." But I heeded not the superstition of the ignorant creature, and made but one bouud to where Peraltu lay sound aftleep, clatcuing and "buying him to srouso bira, and telling him in the aame breath that there was either ship or a boat close aboard of us in the fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for the apace of about ten minutes we listened with all oar ears, bat heard no sound, other than the flapping of our sails and toe creaking of the aids as they rubbed and swayed against the 'masts. It waa odd that, although both Disco and myself heard the cry so distinctly repeated, we neither of as could tell tho direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as much eea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, nd which would certainly he more than a match for the light piragua and her crew of four. All this while the dawn was gradually briirhtcning through the miflt ; the tog, which before was of a pitchy dark ness, becoming gradually of a pale grey hue, and then lifting and opening hers and there, so as to show lanes, as it were, and patches of clear air, which, in the next moment, would be again filled up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mist was evidently ininmog as the sun approached to the horizon, and we watched warily to catch the first glimpse of our unknown neighbour Presently, the fog began to ch&ngo; it oold white hue for & tinge or blush" of warm and golden light, which appeared, aa it were, to penetrate and pervade the vapour, and by which we knew that the sun had risea : while, at the same time, our glimpses into the ever-shifting lanes aud clear spaces continually being formed by the motion of the seething wreaths and muses of vapour, becoming every moment longer and dourer — Peralta, who was standing upon the starboard gunwale of toe piragua, suddenly exclaimed, in alow, earnest tone, 44 There! look there !" We all turned round at ouoo, and saw, not thirty fathoms from us, the dusky broadside aud towerife rigging of a whip. She was K&ting; up ths Uwg («u,ths mist all curling round her, and floating, as it appeared, in blurring patches and masses among her extended sails, so ilint the masts and all the fabric of spars and canvas which they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no tiuie, however, to moke any very minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon us we saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into the mom rig ging, shouted out, in French und English, that we should pull the pimgaa alongside. I looked at Peralta. He slightly shrugged his shoulders. " If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. 44 Ho ! the piragua ahoy was now aguin hailed from the strange ship— 44 come along side, dye hear, or it will be worse for you." This threat had hardly been uttered, when, eb if to back it, a cannon was ficcd from the maindeck, and wc heard, the ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pass above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away, and, as it were, cou- | denting and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around — so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three mast5?, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top- gallant-sails , spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging iu a loose and disorderly condition — the jib indeed hanging- in great festoons down from the bowsprit — so that when the ship plunged by tho head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pouring from the bcliy of the sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to be a great swarm of men, who suddenly clustered npon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out — (( Why, comrades, never believe your eyes — if it be not Old Rumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold ? Hast been a privateering in u bark canoe — or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of the Main V Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peraltu or Rumbold that he was an honest fellow, and that he mast come aboard, with all his people, and that we should hare a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearl- merchaut, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. 44 Had it not been for that cursed fog,' he whispered, 44 this would not haro happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'eu row with the tide and humour them." (TO OB 00VT1.NTBI>. 