A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word 4* Fair." ta it.- 1 commercial sense, is a *' free market." In other I word.*, a "fair"mean*a market at which all and every mar purchase or not without Jbcma *ub;e~li?d to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell witu out any auch disabilities as attach to ordinary market*. At one time the fairs in England were pirat features in the soda and iodu.-trial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communication which has resulted, these fairs hare pretty weU died out, a matter perhaps for regret. In some respects, but inevitable under the chwjed condition of the national life. * ! Here in Australia fairs are unknown, .ruleod j very little of the old fashioned method* obtain in ; thc«e fast go-a-head colonies. Life ia not m alow ! and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with & movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed, This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century, i Life, too, though longer ia its average tlua our ’ worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short fer alow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week, j Tms, however, is not a matter fo manei. If we ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average wnlnjr capacity, ! and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those 44 good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of lanl Manners who wrote:— 44 Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays hare money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it Is to •upply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We hare said that fain are unknown in Australia. We arc wrong. At this present moment, the firm ve hare mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, 44 it is a sight to do sore eves good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. For and Gibson's great shops during the day moat, indeed, bare a Urge and generou* mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into out of those places. AU moved by the one impulse—an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their gteat To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 00 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who haa become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpaaning beauty an>l grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ha* hitherto ruled her. The matron who h»f secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard will feel a greeter pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is rilled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, dozing his ahi.tlfcss slovenly bachelor days, he has beeo an utter stranger. In a word, it is. impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the oeasclrea influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fans serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the ealcula- ; tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Means. Foy and Gib»on. when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. For and Gibsoo when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, arid to them the important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is another lesson to leorn from these fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, so affaire, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed. are even as the laws of the Modes and Fenians. A fixed system—result of long experience- and large business ex perience, controls e»‘»ry detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with mneh of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. 8ooe idea nay be feemed by those who hare never visited Foy and Gibson*# premises of their sire when we inform them that the frontage extends SSOft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 500ft. The (tea show roosts, £21*1 with the eostlics* of fasinine raiment tie enormous apartments. We wondsr if fbosft* of departed belles assemble hereof nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets; and fames,-and other bewildering matters, tasteagain some slight flavour of the delights which once moved.them in the flesh. We <o art better* ia gborti.btU, m «e here Hr. Shakespeare’ authority that thnrc are more thiogs in heuren and earth than nrc dreamt of in our philosophy, it may he on the cx,r’s tluit ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy xrith the substantial thiong at Foy and Gibson’s Fair-. 