"THE BALLOON." This three act farcical comedy, which is to be pro duced at the Bijou Theatre to-night, for the first time in Melbourne, is the work of J. H. Darnley and G. Manville Fenn, was first played at Terry's Theatre, London, at a matinde given November 13th, 1888, and afterwards on the night of February 6th, 18S9, at the Strand Theatre, when it at once scored a success. JLhe plot is somewhat intricate, but may be briefly described . as follows A certain Captain Cameron is an enthusiast in ballooning, and is just about to take an aerial voy age across the Channel. He is desperately smitten with a Miss Fere, who makes a great pet of a St. Bernard dog, " Fifine" by name, which has taken an unaccountable dislike to its mistress's admirer. Came ron pays a visit to his friend, Dr. Glynn, who has just been mixing a tonic for Mrs. Theresa Fitzjohn, the aunt of his intended, Grace Wentworth. Miss Vera suddenly rushes in, and, finding Cameron in the doc tor's consulting room, mistakes him for the medico, and implored his aid on behalf of " Fifine," who has been seized with some canine malady. Cameron, to rid himself of his enemy, mixes a dose of strychnine. Presently Miss Vere returns to find the real Esculapius, who, on hearing her shout " He is dead," and seeing the strychnine bottle on the table, imagines lie has made a mistake and poisoned his future wife's aunt. And this is not the only trouble that has come upon him. Some years before, he has been led into a rather extensive flirtation with a fascinating widow, Mrs. Rippendale, to whom he has written some ardent love- letters. She has found out his address, and comes to insist on his fnlfillinc a nrnmise of marriace she asserts lie made her Mrs. Fitzjohn and Grace appear on the scene, and look upon him as a gay Lothario, and his distresses culminate in the arrival of Mr. Aubrey Fitz john, a vivacious adventurer, who, knowing of his past tendresse foe the widow, demands hush money. So, to get away from all his anxieties, the doctor rushes to the beach, climbs into the balloon, and goes out to sea. Later, the balloon has been picked up, and he is there fore supposed to have been drowned, but, fortunately, a current of air had blown him inland again, and he has dropped on an uncomfortably prickly hedge. When he returns he is at first taken for his own ghost. The wily Fitzjohn, believing in the death of Mrs. Fitz john, with whom he had committed a bigamous mar- riage, lays hands on all of her available property that he can carry off, but is proved to be an impostor, when he is recognised by Mrs. Rippendale as her husband who had deserted her, so that Doctor Glynn's difficul ties are cleared away and his love affair with Grace set right, whilst Cameron propitiates his charmer, Miss Vere, by presenting her with another St. Bernard, which makes its appearance on the scene. "The Balloon" was first produced in Australia at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, Saturday, January 25th, 1890. t J . ; — ' 