LEONARD LINDSAY, -OB THE STOHY OF A BUCCANEER. OT ANGUS B. BEACH. CHAPTER YIIL— (Continued.) 44 With IhiH, males, Ned Purvis walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply. The rest of tho crew wore whisper ing in groups upou the forecastle, and the poor old captain was standing wringing his hands boaido the magic boat, bo, prescntlv, Ned spoke to two or three of tho men, and they shook huucLs with him and promised to stand by him. Then he went down to his berth and took out a great pistol, and care fully examined the look aud cleaned it ; after wards he opened, liis chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hammered into a round hall, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the r' toL So presently, armed in this fashion, come on deck, the men following him by ones and twos, and marched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at the door. "What do you want here?" quoth the old man; "take my advice, and let kirn alone." 44 No," Bays Ned, " I brought him here, and I'll mako you rid of him and bo say ing, he put the old man aside, and entered the cabin. It was almost dark, but the light from the binnacle camo down through the skylight, and showed the strsngo passenger sitting there, as the captain had uesrri bed, with his back to the rudder-cass. " Ned Purvis marched heavily iu, and the phantom. or whatever it was. looked un at him, and so they remained for more than a minute staring into each other's eyes. The men were watching them over each other's shoulders at the door. " Foul weather Don,' says Ned at last, ns bold as steel, 'you're more free than wel come.' The spectro took no notice. " I hove the rope to you,' says Ned; 4 and I thought I was doing an act of duty by my fellow creature. But now I hear that there's no Jiving blood in your veins, aud that you roam the ocean, bringiug bad weather on the mariners you fall iu with. That may bo true, or it may not. If not, say eo, and say who you are. If you bo a shipwrecked man you are welcome bore ; but it' not, men have told mc that a silver bullet can wound even a ghost, and if you do not speak in time, by Gorl, there is a rare chance now of testing the truth of the saying. Answer !' "And Nod cocked the great pistol and levelled at the strange passenger. The fgure never moved a muscle of its wan stern face. " ' Take the dollar and mv blessing with it, then,' shouted Ned, uud he drew the trigger. " The pistol exploded, and for a moment tho cabin was bo full of smoke that they could not see what execution bad been done. \Vhcn the vapour clean <1 a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing np, his stony eyes giviug out their cold 'Sparkle, more horribly than ever. " 1 Yon gave me your benisou/ he screeched out, 1 I give you my malison ; and the exe cutors and the tokens of it will follow you night and day, until either my futo or yours be accomplished. If you do not believe rue. go on deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' These, mates, were the very words of ttoui- Weather Don ; for I have got nil the conversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Ned nnd the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled up oa deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry ; and the first tiling they did was to stare into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sure enough they saw the fins of two great blue sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping way steadily with the ship ; and just as Nod came on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in the water, as much as to say, there yon are— - very good ; and here tee are.' 44 To make a long story short, mates, before midnight euch a gale was blowing from the eastward that there was nothing for it but to pat the ship before tlie wiud ; and not ouly that day, but that week, and lor three weeks after that, did the hurricane, faf it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of her course, until atlcngth thecaptain audcrcw knew that they had sailed from near the of Africa to the coast of AtcA icA, and that if the wind did not soon take off, they would be run plump aslioro, either on the continent or one uf the islands. Meanwhile Foul- Weather Dun. as before, never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread nor «pcikc word. Indeed, if ho were talka tive, lie had no one but himself to hold con verse with ; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up tee cabin to the phantom pa«ouger. But Foui-\\\ eatlier Don was not the ouly thing which stuck to the ship. Tlieshurkskopt way with her an steadily in the thundering gale a>, in the light breeze. The crew could aec teem occasionally, ploughing along in the troughs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly ft? if they Were tewing after the ship. Well, all bauds got low and mopish. The old captain was , , huj c » cu lu i ur in, dare- devil as he was, began to quail. At last, wlcy knew by their reckoning, aud by tbc look of the sky towards sundown, tbat they vrere approaching the land, and that one way or the other their fate would bouu be settled, bo one evening, the men were gathered iu grouns, watching the signs of the sky. and pointing out to each other right ahead the &nn; coloured clouds which sailors know hangover the land. Tho weather looked as wild as ever ; the scud above flew even faster than tee waves below ; and you should have seen tee battered look of the craft as she went staggering along, under a rag of canvas, which was becalmed cveiy moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost ft wreck. H«r bulwarks had been washed w!!'" s 2'-0, the hatchways were all Kittened dukvu, Out of three boat? she lmd Jftrooi only one was left, being atronglv iftfihedto the deck, wh le the sea-battered in of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not ao much as a rope yarn to make it i! \ never budged for all the groat seas, nich had been for weeks rolling over uud. 4a i' V16,005' 80 teat the men were obliged lam themselves to ringbolts, and to the sts, and never could light a fire or wear a Jrlv Nothing. j E», aa was saying, the poor follows ® "®l"teg on as well as they could, and »a where the ship and they themselves uia be to-morrow by that time, when tho fh ,sG?nxca> who were taking their turn at helm ropes, gave aloud shout, aud the m» JtUruiQ£ about, aaw Foul- Weather Dou fading upon the deck. -G he'B going," whispered old ns?., 1j-. 8, " Tho Lord hath preserved lur if Icat goodness." wetij Foul-Wcatber Don looked eagerly tits., j M v exPected to find his treasure i a teen lie mounted the rigging — iarr I ' crew holding their breath and watch - ag uim-— and gazed from the maintop long iboka811?" lenste, ho made a sort of deck ? eRPar» aQd came down to the Ail Cr? I10 stood wringing his hands, tn nti 0 terned to Captain Purvis, aud oned for his boat to be hoisted into the n, " j a minute, mates, tho tackles were 2SS - and teey let the skiff go into the water, with & surge . would have burst another boat eotiM re8, But only the dovil, mates, floafi? fl1WtolP, » craft like that; she botthf DSi 08 %ht 88 well-corked Will yur wind, when the elements edemnly rou,i Don» quit® Vbri 70u. for nothing/ quoth Ned Von / fihould think we would, when brought us across tho oocan V'Dst our will. not a word, and flte uliJr ® rather than to clamber over «"nhT 910 fcort- When he was ? Purvis bellowed out, W,th J""- ®ool-Weather fop. fitter companions for you than tle'nhllf6 wfl?0 "Ply. md in a minute lie B'm?.and Ids boat gianoed away from vuIR 1 8t ttoaw" of loaok speck with a figure in it, in ill-' vciy crest of a lin? iking wave. Justus tine happened, uud tltcy were bcsrmnini? to breathe freely, one oi the meu shouted liind. and sure cuougli the nest nia.j they rose upon a sea they saw 5? . n,1 ibe glare of the setting sun inc- unsay eoart-line of an island. In an gale broke, lulling fast, so i. ial tvbirc midnight, they had courses and Mot-. vis on the ship, she lvi:ig-lo with her nee a i , ihL. eastward. You know, mates, uioii-.i l,i,t countries it is up wind, up sea, a " v' " iyiud, down eoa, ao that by sunrise the neat nay there was uolhine but a great no '-.tli swell is s|io',v that a "gale had just swert across tho wide Atlantic. The first tiling And Tarris did whoa ho came on deck to take I oe morning watch, was to look over the quarter, and ho confessed afterwards that ins heart felt sink when he saw the two blue sharks stiil alongside swimming Close to the surface. Tile other seaman saw the creatures too, and they looked at Xed, aud wjiihp»red among themselves. 11 oil, yiiu may 1m» sure that, after such a run as the ship lmd had across the Atlantic. "wanted refitting, aud the crow wanted vegetable food and rest : so that when the usual trade wind came to blow, aud they found from one or two fishing oiiuu&j; that they were umougfet the most uortheruof the Windward Islands, theycruised about, , looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mate;, the sharks kept their places as steadily .ir thv very masts. Ned fished for them in vain. He even baited tlie book with the choicest pieces of pork and beef aboard, but they would not as much as push the morsel i with their fuouts. 1 No, no,' eaid the meu, i .. — — nan nu» . tut; creatures nave their orders, and they obey them.' Alien Nr-d tried tlie harpoon, but though lie had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, lie could not make a hit at the MKtrks ; cither tho ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or the water made the spear gluneo ; but, however it was. Ned confessed tbat lie could not eveu fvratch their dingy backs. " Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words iu the ship. 1 oor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, aud the crew, although they used to love poor Ned, now began to look nt him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knew it. I no curse,' said thcuien, is following us in a visible shape. There can be uo good luck for Miip. or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of a'tendautfi swimming astern." " R oil. Ned tried hard to laugh it off, hut lie could not succeed, and his arguments were of us little avail. 1 Why, he would say, they yuu't jump aboard, nies.-in.ites,; the oco.iii i> ilieir.s as well as ours, and if a cat may Ii.mi,: at a king, I don't ace why a shark may noi at a ship.' 4Bu! though he spoke in this tone, I can tell von that Ned wits ill at ease himself. Roll, tii is lasted three days, and nil that time thry were cruising aWmt among the islands, looking for a place which would be snil-r to anchor in, and out of the war of Spanish ships. On the third day, wlienthe ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that the sharks came elisor to her tiuu ever, as if they wre getting more aud more watchful of their prey. This niaue the pot boil over, and tho bontswaiu and throe-fourths of the crew went to thecaptain in a body, and slid that Ned must leave tlie ship that hour, fur that lie was a doomed m?n, nnd that a doomed <iuu mauu a uoouieu huip, Aiieie was iana close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of water and provisions, aud he might Boon get his passage off in another ship, but whether he did or not he must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, but tho men would not hear his words, aud in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and s.iye — " 4 Messmates, I bare brought misfortune on the ship, aud spoiled the yoyage ; I am willing to land.' " On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished to follow his nephew, but they would not ler him because he was the only good navigator tliey would have, after Nod went awtiv, in the ship. So. presently, tho remaining 'boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, and water, buftieient for two months at least, were put in her, with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig- ; ging for water. When the bout shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to tliera, shouted to bis uncle to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat lauded iu a little cove, and Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. The men placed his provisions and the shovel upon the beach, and .shook bauds with him: aud as they rowed back to the Kbip, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly ho was alone in a desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great bauks oi Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there wan a little hill, with biuhos iu it, and one very old tree at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, was to ser- plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. R ell, lie lived here nigh a fortnight. slcCDing under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out in vain for a ship." At this time the sharks kept cruising along the shore, and Ned used to amuse himself bv flinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, however, buring climbed tbe little hill, and sut down uuder the tree, he observed a curious thing. The tree, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, hod several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood had been rudely fastened, but in such a way tbat, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after noon every day, these branches cast shadows &s; of six crosses, all in a circle on tbe sand. It was after Ned observed this that he climbed the tree, and found that tho crosses were artificial. Then all nt once it struck him that they were meant for marks, and thou he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, off he goes for hia shovel, and sets to work at once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but lie very soon scraped tlie lid of a great chest made of ironwood, and bound with hasps and clasps of metal. 114 By all the stars,' quoth Ned, 4 who knows but this is Foul-Weather Don's trea sure chest." " Mates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched tlie lid off, and there be saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones, just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba and Ifispaniola by tlioludians ! for the Spaniards. There thry had lain for a hundred ycurs, and no man the wiser or the better. 44 4 Aha,' says Ned, ' I would fain have you iu England, but what am 1 to do with you hero':1 44 However, he madp shift to carry the wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea : then he brought the box, and stowed tlie gold as liefore, covering all over with loose sand. The very next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small bark— he did not know what she was — becalmed, not a mile from the shore, waiting for the sea- breeze. So be mounted a rock, fired his gun. waved a handkerchief, and shouted. Pre sently. a boat pulled off from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessol to which they belonged was a turtier, from one of tbe largo windward islands — Martinico, I believe. So Nod told them that he had been marooned for striking tbe quartermaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port where he eould ship for England. So the turtles consulted together, and asked him if he had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at alt for money, touk them into bis cave, and showed them the treasure-chest. At the sight of it ' the turtlers stared, as well they might, aud most readily agreed to take off Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, end presently the boat was loaded almost to the water's edge with riches. The turtlers went about liko men in a dream, and tbey were only roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment wiiea they rowed the boat out of the cove and found her so heavy that thoy feared she would be swamped by the heave of tbe :a. 11 Lord!' says one of them. 'Sec- there ; if the boat were lo fill and go clown. Did you ever sec more fearful monsters ? 1 . /'And sure enough there were Ned's old mends swimming on each Bide of the boat, as though thej were appointed the guardians of tlie treasure. However, no accident hap pened, aud as they nearcd the turtling ship, the sailors cried out that tbey were coming on board with treasure euough to buy a kingdom. ' You way think for yourselves, mates, ho\v tho entire crew of the bark, which carried about half-a-dozcu men, received their freight. Ned told tlie simple truth us to how he had got it, and tlie turtier, imme diately that the sea-brcezo came, stood away for Martinico. the tivo sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a - thing that makes demons; out of men. Tho big chest stood upon the dock, and the crew hung round it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they began to handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to tho sharks astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and snid that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of turing it to use. Rrell, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, and swore that Ned was an honest man and a good comrade, aud that as he said, no it would bo done. But it was clear tbat they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice lie ob.swrpd a m;iu conceal ing a knife in his garment, bo that the haft camo handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and sourer at each other, aud gradually drawing off into two parties, ouc on each aide of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Nod tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that thoy ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captaiu over them. So Ned sat on tlie weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward. Mates, you hare all seeu a squall iu these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group begau to whisper, and thcu, all at ouce, as if they hud made up their miuds. they gave a loud shout, aud made a rush at tho box ; as they did so, they drew knives and finicker-snoe.-, and out and chopped ot each other, strug gling and cursing over the client. Ned saw the blood splash down on the gold, and lie rushed forward to separate them, crying out, 4 Madmen that you are— look out for the squall first and fight afterwards.' " But it w,i9 too late, mates. The sky got block, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing up the sea before it, and in the very centre of tho flying foam Ned swore ho saw FouMVaather Don, with hLs arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In on indtant tlie blast struck tho sails, heaving the turtier bodily on her broadside, and as 6he lurched over, tho heavy box of irold fetched awav with u mighty surge, aud went crashiug through and through the frail bulwark, and ujcii u great pxungo uown 10 tne uottom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give np it9 dead ! All this passed in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as though relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy roll, wbieh sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives iu their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces and limbs. The squall was over, and the suu burst out ; Ned rushed to the lee-beam and saw. just where the gold had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he know well. Shcseemednow saturated and rotten with water, for the charm was off her, mates ; and while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, and the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared N«d felt a heavy load leave bis heart, and he thought tbat he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised tho turtlers, who were standing looking verv like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line ran out every fathom, utid tho load touched no bottom. So they lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rope in the ship, but the sea appeared un- futhomuble. Tho gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of mun could raise it ; nnd so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul-Weather Don. Nod Purvis got safely back to Euglond, and, as I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself.' UJAJ/J ER i.V, THE AUTHOR, WITH tUXLfcV 0? Bli COiTRADES, bet out i'oe the cheek where 2ze ijjft ji1s BASQUE, AXD THERE BRAVELY CAl'TERE A SPANISH SCHOONER. Nearly a month pasf-ei awav since the evening ou which I listened tn'tho storv of Foul- Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to eome other point of the coast, where wo might have better luck. It was then that I. for tho first time, called to miud tbe boat which I had left in the creek, whore I first landed on the island. Now, as 1 hod heard many stories of buccaueera putting to sea in boats or canoes, aud boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if wo could get possession of tho Frenchman's skiff", wo could divide our party between it and the canoc, leaving ample room for tho stowage of provisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jeiu, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. We were niue in number, well armed, aud therefore of quite sufficient force to capture any Spaniard, not a man-of-war, which wo were likely to fall in with. It was therefore resolved that Le I'icard. one of our Frcnchmcu, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should start, under my guidance, for the cove to tho westward, «wd if wc found the boat, should navigate her round the coast to the hay, where the rost of the party would be prepared with provisions and ! water, ready to stow on board, so that, iu company with tho canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lo6t in putting the scheme into execution. Mcinhecr, who knew something of sail- making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which we were to carry ; with us, and which would suit tho boat, it ' being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after wc bad found her. R'e also carried & good-sized keg for water, aud u small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting chiefly to our guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to deep during the heat of the day ; and after au hour's trudge through tho wet grass and bushes, which were quite drenched with the copious dews, passed tho spot where lay the buccaneers who had been hanged by the Spaniards. Truly oar poor comrades slept in a tranquil resting - place — a spot of greenest grasa, with feathery palms over head, bending and rustling in the night wind. Wc stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, whence we could look down upon tlie blue sea beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and foilod, there was a pause, during which the sun shone with blistering power. Then, far off, on the glassy surface of the sea, came the dark belt of roughened water, streaked with white, which proclaims the daily return of the brisk north- westerlv trade, and in half au hour more it was whistling through the bushes in half a gale of wind. Wc dined this day by the little runnel where I had killod the duck, and then travelled until sunset, when we cncainpci in our blankets, well worn oat by our long day's march. The journey to the cove was fatigumg, but performed without any parti cular adventure. We sometiuus wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dugs, and I observed, when wc got glimpses of the sea, numerous great broteu pelicans, flapnin" heavily over tbe n-ater, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often divin" duwn with a splash into the sea iirter the ii-f syhicli tbey mark from a great height, in tuo afternoon of tlie second dav I reckoned thnt wc could not be far from "the cove, hut the oxaot spot was diflicult to hit, as the general appoaranee of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and tho tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. tVe had _ trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-cut, and sometimes forcing our way with our greot knives through the creepers and brushwood, so as to be able to gaze down tho iron-bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak nnd pin- naclcofstoiio; when, baring stopped to hold a consultation — for I was now becoming very fearful that wc had overshot our mark — we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. This terribly disconcerted us, tor we knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that the secret of its ciistenco was not knowo to me alone. How ever, we withdrew into the thicket, where we could not well be discovered, and lay close. In tho course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around ns, and discoursed eagerlv as to whether tlirv tt'Plf nmlwlvlw I Bnccaueers, or Spaniards who wore huntm" in the neighbourhood. A t all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landed ia my cove, ns I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skilf, if sho still lay there, to their own purposes. RTiile we were talking lowly among ourselves, Blue Peter, the Moiuito-inau, suddenly started up on Ids knees, and told us to listen. "We did so verv intently, and presently heard a rustling an& a snapping of dry Lwigs iu the wood, but although wo looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. 44 Tush!" says Nicky: "you are a fool, Peter, and take a wild pig for a Spaninrd." But the Indiau seized hit> piece, cocked it and suddenly levelling it, fired, bofore wc could prevent bim 44 Hush!" quoth he, very earnestly, 44 hush ! and we will bo safe." 44 Safe !" eaid Nicky. 44 R'hy. if thev arc Spaniards, they will be down' upou u»" in a twinkling." 44 No," replied the Mosquito-man, 14 no, no ! They shooting all round ; think mv guu one of their camarados— oh rM 44 The ir.an is right/' said Le Pieard. 44 But what, in the name of the diabie, have you fired at ?" 44 Me show you !" said Blue Peter ; and he crawled into tbc underwood so cirouinspcctlv that one scarcely heard a nistlo. and pre sently, returning, flung the budy uf a huge dog among us. 44 A Spanish blood-lionnd exclaimed Nicky; and we all recognised the fawn colour, with grim, blnck muzzle, and Ikcgreat muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question aside, tho creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed the name, 44 Manuel G. Alcursas," so it was quite clear that wc were sur- rounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and tbat, had it not been for tbc keen eye of the Indian, who observed the bio jd-houud, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have wen maw-red. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lio close where we were as attempt to shifl to toss datigerous quarters, as by moriog wc might unwittingly run into the very javra of death. At last wc decided to climb up certain trees, the brandies whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first cut the throat of the dog, and scattered the blood copiously around, so that it would em barrass and destroy the scout of aoy other hound which might pass that wuy. He then flung the body up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as wo supposed for the slain dog, aud some other phots were fired at a distance. However, the sau sank and the stars shone down through the leaves, aud wc Btill remuiucd unmolested. Making ourselves as comfortable as our position would permit, we munched our supper, of which, however, we could eat but little, for we suffered mucu from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford ub a few mouthfuls apiece, but we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. "With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden burst of ex clamation when I recognised the little hill, to the top of which I had climbed to look around, after Hcrunibling up the precipitous banks of the cove. 1 now knew whereabouts wc were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taltiog great hoed to make no uoise, wc made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine up which I had crept from the water. It wa« nut abbv. hr.«» ever, to make Out whether the cove was empty, for the morning was vol dim ana grey, and tbe trees grew thick below. We proceeded, however, inoviug in single file along the edge of the ro- k. which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bushes and pirndtical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and beuding over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied thestili deep sea beneath. As we clambered on by the edge of the precipice, asouud suddenly struck my car with which I was too well acquainted to be easily deceived — itwusthe flap of canvas. Nicky heard it as well as myself, and we all paused. The laud wind was just bejrmum:r to die out, aud only came in heavy dank puff down from the bills. We waited for the next gust ; it shook the dew from the branches in a great sparkling shower, and gave a great rustle, as it were, down the ravine, iu tbe middle of which we again beard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a sail. Being guide! by the snuud, we proceeded u few paces onwards, and then corning to a comparatively clear bit nf ground, wc crawled upon our bellies to the edge of tho cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two masts, of the class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in the very centre of the cove, very snugly, being inadc fast by four hawsers, two a-bead and two astern, to the > trunks of trees growing near the water on cither bank. She had two boats in the water, floating by her main chains, aud one of them I immediately recognised to be the object of , our journey. Here, then, was the vessel to whom the hunters, whose guns wc had hoard, evidently belonged : and, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Lo Ficard knew enough about the fashion of those seas to bo sure tbat the schooner was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did on the coast here we could not well imagine. The question now, however, was liow we were to act? Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a single man awake upon deck; but several stout fellows were lying asleep on under canvas and tarpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill upon the schooner, Nicky asked our opinion asto whether it would be possible to clamlier down to the water's edge, nnd make off with both boats before the crew awoke. Rut Le Picard thought the risk too groat. Besides, he argued, when they miss tiio boats, they can chase ns out to sea in toe schooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking, I was turning over another plan in r. y own mind. 44 Instead of taking the boats," quoth I, 14 why should wc not t&kp; the ship ?" At this they all started, and reminded mo Ui&t; we were but four men, whereas the Spaniards might well bep dozen ; and they lind dogs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Le Picard, in particular, professed a great horror. 44 Look you/' quoth I, 44 this is my plan. Yesterday toe Spaniards were hunting ashore, and to-day it is very like that they will renew their pastime, leaving, perhaps, only one tain, or perhaps not even that, to take charge , of the schooner, for you see that she is moored very safely, and with her b >« pointing down the creek so as to ho readv for a start. Now. lock at her rigging : see, her jib can be hoisted in a iuom«-nG and her fore and mainsails caa lie set merely by letting go the brails, nnd running aft the BhceU : for you observe- that the gaffs arc already hoisted, therefore 'ho schooner is ready for sea. Now I kuuw, iu -I general manner, the direction of the cove below. It ruus for a little way parallel to the coast and then turns to the right, and so opens up into the sea. What is there to prevent us boarding toe schooner when she is left almost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrriufr her awayF' 4 Thoy all applauded this desijrn, and toe more we talked of it the better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape tliat she was exceeding fast as well as easy to manage. Besides, the greater length of the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when wc had passed the elbow, anl came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothiug venture nutLiuy" have, so we shook hands gaily, aud thanked our stars for such a slice of good luck. As in many other adventure, the first and most difficiilt duty which wc had to perform was to wait, so we ensconced ourselves in thick bushes, where we could see without being easily discerned, and watched the Spaniards aa keenly as hawks do larks. The sun was above tbe horizon about half-an- hour, when a man issued from the cabin, and tapped the deck loudly with a handspike. A1 this summons the sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from under toe sails, and presently three or four bloodhounds, who seemed to have been sleeping among thorn, came whining and stretching themselves from their warm nesta. The man who had wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the mooringri. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for he wont below, and pre sently the crew had their breakfast, which they ate on deck — a couple of bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this wc observed with peat delight a number of ninskete and pistols brought on deck, at the night of which the grim bloodhounds yelped aud bayed. Tbe captain, as we called him then, appeared a.iin ; and after along dUcour.-e, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round'and handling the arms, the bloodhounds wercfod, and tho skiff— mv skiff — hauled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore Thecaptain then seemed to be giving orders to one of tbe crew, a stout fellow, who wore a great striped woollen cap and had a long uu- sheatliod knife in his girdle, and then the whole party, excepting the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat, the bloodhounds leaping in along with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of the creek. Tlie Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without, including a bov whom thev had wiJh them, and of course weighed down tbe skiff until her gunwale wjs almost at the water's edge. R'e were for a little lime in some perturbation, lest thev should chance to come our wuy. R'e heard them shouting, and laughing, uni crashing tiirmtnOi flio linnirlic ac iVi.h.p n..i,U up the steep banks of the creek, and then the boat came flouting down agaiu to tlie schooner, with the boy paddling her. Meantime, tho man with the striped cap had disappeared iu a little cook-house or caboose, from the funnel of which a smoke began to rise ; .md the bov, having made fast the boat, went aft to the cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, which we nad seen carried thither, empty. Now, as we had ec-en but one man cotne out of this cabin, aud as breakfast had bsen served there for two, we considered that there were three persons left iu charge of tbe ship, but that one of these was probably sick or disabled. H'e we were makiug these observations, the reader miy be sure that we also listened attentively, in order to And out in what direction the huntiug party had proceeded; and presently, hearing shouts and the report of guns very faintly, and gradually becoming more 60, until they were no longer audible, we congratulated ourselves that tbc hunters were out of the way, aud that so far, our task would be ca6v. The next point was, how to get on board the schooner bo suddenly aud bo quieth as to leave those iu charge of her no opportunity of giviug an alarm. First we thought of swimming, but the Picard was not skilful at this exercise ; and, besides, wo saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in tlie water. Then Nicky proposed to swing our selves aboard, by means of the wurps fixed to the trees; but, on close examination, wo found the bauks so precipitous, that it would bo very difficult to make our wuy to the rope, without giving an alarm. Wc were thusiu considerable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry in the very outset, wheu I observed a means whereby -.vc might, although wine risk, ncrvmpush our cud. I have said that the eove or creek was sj narrow that toe brandies nf the great trees, growing in the rifts of the reckon cither ride, met and interlaced, aud from these branches hung pcrpcudicularly# like great ropes, mauy long tendrils tt? withes, very tough aud strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, dependiug from a stout branch, swung close by the fore-top- mast head of toe schooner, dangling iu- deed to the cross-trees. I pointed this uut to my comrades, and they all agreed that it- would be very possible "to clamber out upon tbe bough, and slide down the withe into the rigging ; but that the deck mast be clear when we made tke attempt, otherwise we could not fail of being discovered. It was fortunate, therefore, that tuo mau with the Btripod cap continued iu tlie cook-Uousi, where wc heard him clattering amongst pots uud pauB, und concluded that ho was prepar ing a meal for the men ashore. But, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinner, one never knows who may eat it. The boy renminod about the deck for some time, but at length went iuto the cabin, und, staying there, we concluded to make the venture. Fastening our guns across our shoulders, wc again shook hands, and vowed to stand by each other to the death: Theu we crept cautiously along, until wc came to the tree from which sprauirthe great branch, which we looked to be the first stage of our journey to the schooner's deck. This tree grew about a fathom beneath the edge of the rock, but it was easy to swing ourselves down to it, by the matted vegetation, which clung to tho face of toe stoue. Then, one after another, we crawled out upon the bough, wliioh shook a little, but bore us bravely. Tho schooner was now right below, aud not & living thing stirring on her decks. 1 whs the first man, and Nicky was nt my heels. The Indian came next, aud the Frenchman brought up the rear. All of white lwiug sailors, the feat was not difficult : and as fur the Mosquito mun, he could climb like a cat. Having satisfied myself that tbc withe was well attached to tlie bough, I fimt twined my legs round the former, and theu grasping it, slid cosily down, until my feet feet touched tbc cross trees oi the Spauirii schooner, and in a momont my comrades were clustering around me, no alarm being as yet excited. After pausing a moment to get a firm grip of toe stays. I gave the word, and the whole four slid like lightning down the ropes, hand over hand, as sailors say, and came with a great bounce upon deck together. The Picard instantly leaped to tlie cook-house, and the Spaniarol coming out at the same moment, toe Frenchman dealt him a bhw with tho butt-end of a heavy pietol, which flung him backwards, quite stunuod, upon the deck, while Nicky and I ran to the cabin, meeting at the threshold the buy, aud a comely woman, very dark, and with tho blackest : eyes I ever saw, who directly set up a great shriek of dismay. But Nicky and I, 'pointing to the 1 cabin, and drawing forth pistols, made them nndcrstand that they must go below, and be silent, as they valued their lives. The 'boy slunk back directly, and the woman turned to a livid paleness, and, swooning away, would have fallen down the ladder, bat we supported her and laid her on the cabin floor ; then, dhacily inanm-- on deck, vre shut do '.vi. tbc hut- h. AH Ibis linrdlv occupied n in U-. : and. L-. Jijcfcavd and Blue Pelcr catting tbc wr.rps forward we drew our le lives. a:.d workinir with pad Will, sou:, .-evcrcd tbc tough piles of bcrnp, aft, und tbc s.-liooucr was unmoored, n c waited a moment with great impatience to see if rhc wu:i!d drift, but, remuiuin" btatiuuary, we rau up the jib, und slnckened tho brails of tho mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly ; the sea breeze had not yet set in, or if it had it did not reach us in toe depth of the creek. We therefore flung « long line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and Blue Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with aU tncii strength for the elbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Lo Picard aud I hauled upon the warp, aud soua saw that too schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, audriowlv movitigthrough the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped oa board agaiu, aud added their fttrengto to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth aud breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was bprawliug upon tho deck, I felt a breath of cool air on mv face, the jib-sheet rattled, tho light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and tbe warp upon which we were hauling slackened. The schoouer felt the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her iu close by the etarboard shore, which, when we turued seawards, would bo . the weather side of the cove. The mingled I trees and rocks seemed to glide away from us. I looked over the side, and saw the i bubbles rippling in the transparent water; and as I lifted my Lend again, I started with delight to feel the fir>t heaving of the i schooncn as riie began to meet the lazv swell. The elbow, or turn of tlie crock, was not more than tlie length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rocks. Therefore Imported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, and just as wo slowlv opened the corner I put tlie tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout to gether as we saw, at the end of a short rocky passage, the open 6ea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we were not out yet : almost immediately on rounding the point of toe creek a gust of toe sea breeze struck as ou the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off Frenchman exclaimed that we must take to the bo'ite after all, but Nicky answered him, 44 Yes — but only to carry a warn to the rocks at the mouth of the creek ! No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here the surf wa3 beating violently, coming with great lashing surges round the corner of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more than a fathom with every undulation of the sea. Here was a jugged pinnacle of rock beaten by the waves, which every now and then b::rt right above it; over this the Indian with givafc dexterity cast a loose liiteli of tlie line, while wc on board, running to the .-v.. t-. Him.cu txuuu J Li &9 OCIOre. It was lucky for us that the sea- breeze only blew up tho ravine in uncertain puff, and that the place was full of counter-currents and eddies of air, which first filled our sails one way and then another, a? we heaved and rolled upon the broken swells which dashed from side to side of the channel. R'e worked at the warp like desperate men, as, indeed, wc were. Every now and lh?n a euddea toss of the water would fling us back; but then the counter reflection of the seas from the opposite wall of rock would jerk us forward, uud wesoon found that wc were gradually making our way towards the mouth of the cove, keeping so close to the weather side that every now and then the masts, when flung over to star board, rattled atnong the bushes overhead, aud sent down showers of leave, which would fly in uncertain whirls and dires amongst the rigging. At last, the decisive moment came. In a minute we would be hove upon the leeward entrance of tho cove, or l»c out Hear at sea. I ran again to take the helm. L? Picard and the Indian, running to toe weather fore-chains, gave a last surge upon tho lino by way of a launch. Tlie schooner's head plungod into tho trough of the sea, not a fathom from the rorks, aud as she rose— her bows drew beyond the shelter of the cove — the full blast of the sea breeze caught her jib— aud her hcadswung again to leeward. 44 Help her with the foresail, comrades !" I riioutod. They lmd anticipated me — the Indian letting go the brails, and then help ing the whites to draw aft the sheet-, Tlie sail surged and flapped so as to shake the schooner to her very keel, aud the great sheet - block jerked madly to and fro with bounds which would have dashed through a strong wall. But still, though they could not vet master i:io eanva«, me scuocner was not in sensible to its lifting- power, and I felt her, as she roso with her broadside to a great clear sea. gather way, and start as it were from under ine. There was just & moment of terrible suspanse. The masts beat to lee ward until their trucks were within a couple of fathoms of the lee promontory. Yon could almost leap ou tlie great rough mosses of wet stoue which lay close a-beam, and then in a moment the schooner rose to another soa, all three sails now bellying to the wind, and once more hove deaf of the land, although I saw through the clear water a glimpse of reef under our counter, which the keel must have 6crnped, and although the head of the mainmast actually tore away the projecting branch of & great prickly bush which was waving and dnucing in the wind. RV were drawing our first deep breath after our peril when I heard a great shout above me, aud, starting round,' I saw betwecu mo and the skv the figure of a man stanliog with a guu upon the very verge of the precipice which formed the line of coast. He directly fired his piece, and 6et up a loud outcry to his comrades, three or four of whom directly joined him, and fired a volley at us, which did no damage. So we jumped up on the taffrai! rail, and waving our hats gave them a load cheer, and. told them that if they wanted their schooner, they might swim after us. and then we would consider the matter. Thoy made violent gestures, bnt the sea breeze blowing so freshly, carried bAck their voices, and wc knewnot what they slid. Carrying on as we best could with our ill-set sails, until we had made u good half mile offing, we luffed tbc schooner up into the wind, and with some trouble, irot the canvas properly extended; then putting the helm hard down, we got the jib-sheet to windward, and so Jay to, daneiug and surging merrily upon the sea. vtn TIE coxtivtfit.) 