The Land of Dumplings. In spite of the ennobling influence of board schools, the Northfolk are still remarkable for their credulity and superstition. Their belief in ghosts, witchcraft, and the evil eye seems quite ineradicable. A curious superstition, aiid one which does not, I believe, exist in other parts of the kingdom, is that which has for its object the growth of stones. A labourer's wife once pointed put to. me a large stone which stood by her cottage door, and solemnly as sured me that it was twice as big as it had been when placed there a few years before. More over a most respectable farmer of ray ac- quaintaiice, a church warden to boot, was ac customed to argue that stones must grow ; otherwise, how was it that a fresh crop came up every year and had to be picked off the land? In spite of his credulity, however, the native of the Land of Dumplings is held by his admirers to possess rather moire than his share of mother wit. The following little incident, which occurred during the formation of the first Militia regiment in Norfolk, does not al together bear out this theory. The initial at tempt to drill the yokels was given up in despair, because it was found impossible to make them understand and remember which was the right and which the left leg. At length, some bright genius hit upon the idea of tying a hay band round one leg and a straw- band round the other. Then, to the cry of 44 hay leg," " straw leg," drill went swimmingly. One characteristic that the Northfolk have in common with th3 noble savage, is their inability — or it may be objec tion, to show surprise or delight. With thfem, " middting," or 44 tidy," are the highest terms of commendation. A small boy, em ployed to weed in the garden, was once pre sented with some delicious French sweets, which his master was unable to appreciate him self. When they had disappeared, he was asked how he liked them. 44 They ain't so mucky," was his reply. The probability is that his vocabulary contained no positive terms of approbation. In spite of his stolidity, how ever, the Norfolk man is talkative enough after his own peculiar fashion. When you begin a conversation with him, his words come out so slowly and grudgingly that you fancy each will be .the -last. But you speedily discover your mistake. His font of conversation is like one of those .tiny rock springs in which water rises and falls one drop at a time. The words of your interlocutor have, after a time, much the same effect upon your mind as the continual dropping of water has upon the rock. The tongue of . the Norfolk woman, on the other hand, runs without any let or hiudrance. She is a past: mistress of invective, understands dramatic effect, and , hurls about long words \ with Unfairly . correct aim. : She prefers, "ruminate" to 44 think; " ."ac cumulate" to 41 save ; " and 44 congregate" to : 44 meet togeth r.". A few lapses she is guilty of. A row or a muddle is expessi vely described ; by her as; a ".rag'la rendez vous," sometimes varied by a 4 4 how-d'ye-do." The most dread andmysticof ail her expressions, however, is. the passive verb ,"io be quackled" which seemi to mean to be choked or " suffocated, r The Northfolk, whether male or female, are. ap.t to pride themselves upon their humour add their power of repartee, the latter bring usually of the " tu quoque " order, and of about the! same consistency as their own dumplings. . The words " rum," 44 funny," and "ridic'lous V are used to describe anything that is strange or ob jectionable. For example, in a wet week to wards the end of August you may often -kishr the remark, "Funny weather for the harvest, isn't it ?" while the most desperate blackguard in the village is generally termed 44 a funny roau." A difficult or unaccustomed piece of Vvork is " a rum job ; " and objectionable behaviour on the part . of a neighbour ; is stig?\ matised as 44 quite ridic'lous. — JLli the leat Hound. 