1 THE DERBY Mi) CUP. \- . ', (By 'Tbrax.') ???..'? ? Let's get to' business at once. We all want to back winners if we can; the Derby .aiid Ciip double in'iparticular, if possible.' If I am as succossfulin. the Melbourne Cup as I was in the Caulfield Cup. I shall be well satisfied. . I will tackle ? . ??-??: THE' DERBY first.. The Admiral, who is the favorite, will be ridden by Tom Holes, who looks hearty and well, and anticipates another Derby .victory being placed to his credit. The Admiral's performance in the Caulfield Stakes stamps him as one of the light sort, and Loyalstone's running in the Caulfield Cup increases Ms prospects. He is by Eichmond— rFootstep, and no man can train him better than Cook. ; Hales, I am told, said he won the Stakes with a bit in hand, and he .is . very sweet on his mount. Annesley will be ridden by Teddy Power, and as he won . the Caulfield Guineas he must be held in great respect. He is by Neckersgat — Ada, . and . this sire has been scoring heavily, with winners of late. Power also fancies his mount, and .as he is a consummate horseman he must know what ho is about. Titan will .W'Huxley's mount, and the sensational gelding is quite likely to cause still more sensation.'' I should not be a bit surprised. to see-Titan win, although I can not tip him after recent performances. He ooks wel 1, and gallops well, but he is said to have don e that before tho 'Caulfield Stakes. His case cannot be . regarded as hopeless, and he is in the betting again, and coming up in the market gradually. Gatling may be ridden by Mat Hams, and I have -the greatest respect for the son of .Nordenfeldt and' Petrolenso. . He has so far been an unlucky horse.- Afc Eandwick Autumn Meeting he ran second to Titan in the First Foal Stakes whe'n; in receipt of -51b from the gelding, but he got off badly and finished wpll tip.. Then' he ran second iii the A.J.C. Derby to Gibraltar, while- in the Second Foal Stakes he ran a dead-heat with Gibraltar at a difference of 71b in the weights in his favor, and lost the run-off. Gatling has gone oil well since then, and I have great confidence in him. He will as 'near as a touohet '- win the Blue Eibbon for Mr. William Gannon. 'Whiinbrol ' .is a' curious horse,- and best left alono. It is impossible to say what he can and cannot do. It iB W great pity Gibraltar went wrong, or he would, I think, have -won, and this being so I have the more respect for Gatling now he : is out of the way. Precedence, Magic Circle, Bevorlsy, Enuc, Wiora, Nihilist, 'Correze, 'VVilga, and Upper Ten are ill in the race when I write, but some' may be knocked out on Friday. I expect to see a field of about ten go to the:post,arid.I fancy when the numbers go.- up '.the .judge will have to declare either. ? . ? .GATLING or THE ADMIRAL, . has won, with Annebley next! . : f. THE MELBOURNE' CUP :/?, is run next Tuesday; so that it is nearly 'a week before it is deoided. This places one at a considerable disadvantage in making, selections, but the task must be undertaken* however diffiriult. .'I will give some of the principal' starters' with their ' probable jockeys, so far as I have been able to ascor tain. There -may :, be some changes, but not many;— ? .?:,:; . , ? Carbmo, lOst 51b Iiainage Molos, Ost 7Ib '? ....... M.Harris Cmrassior, Ost Ketra Sir William, 8nt 111b ;.; Fioldor Bichaheu, 8atlllb i Lee Siiigaporo. 8st 91b Power Marvel, 8st 81b Nornkor Donzon 8st 41b ... .... G. Eedfearn I'unce Consort 8at lib Huxley Tho Quoon 8st Gonirh Tautallon 7st 131b ...'' ... Wolkor Clmldoau 7st 121b J Anwin The Admiral 7st 01b ... ToniHalos Voiiffeanco 7st 101b... ... P.M'Gowan Swing 7st 81b, or } ,- Ma!j.o-Circlo78t31b; Moote Littlo Bormo 7st 81b Solmifo Gatlniff 7st 51b ? Muriol 7st Clb Dolanoy Oonozo Tat 31b . Dunhoy Loyulstone Ost 121b Ilnyea Highborn Gat 81b Egau Vmwi. Cat 71b O. Auwin 'i'lieie mnv bo other staitoi3, but these aio tho prinoipil ones 'To pick tho wiunur out of this lot, I think it will ba gonoially considorod is a haid task At tho head of the list wo |havo that punce among horaes, Caibino Laac year tho son of Muskbt ran' second in' the Melbourha Cup with lOst on 'his . baok. He was cot th» hore» ho is now by.fiilly half a stone ; mmi peoplu wlio ought to know say a stone, hut I'll keep it down' to half for the bc ke of ax)^-maut. On that occasion he was ridden by iliok O'Brien, a grand jockey, but not T«ry fit then, m his health was not good OwMm had ooo «- Ua (lutsW^. I totgtk i ' j which;' bound up' tight, 'and; that , was against him. In the race ha nover .was in 'it'un'til 'the 'last' seyon' furlongs, duspito report tb'-tha contrary, and .he ,.came;ylike ;? a' ?. flash,'^ . bat too lato to catoh Bravo. ; ; Ifc :.waa a great performance.. This year ho, has only filb more. 'Hois ayear bldorrnnd is, fitter by far than last year. Ho meets the field on better . torniu ; Melos, for instance, who eight .out of-ten people think will' beat him, on '4!&\- better terms. Foritho. lifo cf ine I can't see how he can be put out of a ' chance to win.- ' Baok a good horse and a good Jpck*y, and damn |th* weight,' said an did and successful English'- sport ing.friend of mine in years gono by i and I have found him right. In the case of Carbine I might add, and a ' Rood owner.' Given- fina -weather, Carbine fit, and. -Kamm'age in the best of health, and I fanoythat lOst 61b will be carried in ' a manner that will open people's, eyes^ ' ? -I' the course is very l?eavy, andit is more' than likely if .tiiis rain~continue8;.thon' I .think. Melos'Waybe;atthecrack,butnOtotherwise.' The deduction from this- is.wfl.it and- see what the weather is like. Melos, Gatling and Ethelbert represent Mr. Gaunon, and- he must play a great part with one of them, probably Melos. Marvel is the mysterious horse. I doh'fcjike mystery, so will paBS him. Singapore performed sobadly in the Caulfield Cup with Power up that he isn't safe to back. Sir William will run well, andFielder.is worth astray sov. Ojikleigh is in rattling good form, and if as well as' when ho won tho V.R.C Handicap iii 3min ?taoc, he will boat more than beat him. The Queen was nover better,1 and all con-1 nected with her me confident ..of bucceBs. She', is - stated tp have ? done ' a. wonderful trial at Eandwick '.before she left, something /under 30 for the, ?two miles'I believe. She came with a ter rific rush in the Metro'p., and could .have been Becond, if not first, had she come sooner. I cannot leave her out, »nd,'she must run for me. ? Prince ..Consort arid Benzon I can't stand,.' and Tan tallon will have to be a different horse to what he was a year or so ago. to have the ghost of a show. He. is now six years old, and perhaps his best performance was winning the Place Handicap, H mile, at Flemington Autumn . Mooting, when he, carried Tat 81b, and did the distance. in 2min 38scc', Bonnie Spec, Ost 71b, second, . and Sir William, 8at/ third.' There is a lot of money behind him, but I must leave him out. Cuirassier cannot win if his .re cent form be true, besides, he is too big- to run in the Cup. I come to a dangorousliorse in Chaldean. The son of The Assyrian and Little Footstep has tho handy woight of 7st 121b to carry. He is in tho same dangerous stable that provided last year's winner, Bravo, and, I, have it from a source' I can, rely upon that he is 'looked upon as even ?better than the- -'lame 'un.' - 1- have the greatest roBpect for this stable, and shrill' keep Chaldean on the right side o£ 'tho ledger. ' Dunkeld and Whakawai -I pass. The Admiral, if ho won tho Devby, must run well. Muriel, fat db, sounds,, well, and the Bathursfcinare has a great chance of success. She is very fit, and can get the distance, so her trainer and , owner, Mr. Joe Burton, says. 'Going to retire if you win the Cup ? ' I nsked him. ' Notj; quite,' he replied, and added, 'the mareis very well just now.' So she is, and fairly pulls the lad out of the saddle at work. She will.fimsh in the first flight. - Whim breV.will hiwe to run differently to' hia form' of late to win. Loyalstono, ,Cst 12lb, must have a. mark pufc '. to his name. His recent running BtampB him as a good one, and I fancy he will be thereabouts at the finish. Vengeance has earned a .141b penalty by his win in the Caulfield Cup, and on all form Loyalsbone should beat him and also Enuc. TfieVidea is scouted by many good judges, bui'l can not get away from the fact that Ifoyalstone ran him to a head in the Caulfield: Cup,, while Enuc. would have.abou't won had, he not been blocked. On this second reason ing, win or no win, I ^cannot hayo.Ven-: geance. ? Ethelberfc, Cst Bib, might be dan-, gorous. . Highborn will run- well, butiX must pass him over. TheSinheivOst 71b, may havo a cut in for the big.: stake- ,? Of all the light-weights I like Enuc best,' aiid if his little jockey cuts away to tho front afc the fall- of. the flag, some of tlie top weights, will havo a high old time of it to: hold tlieir own. ''? The task of hitting tho winner is harder than ever this year, be oause so many: horses have an excellent, chance of taking the .£10,006, and all tho runners .'aro' certain to have a cut for. itj The bast half, dozen, to my mind, ire Car bine, Melos, The Queen, Chaldean, Ennc and Muriel; '.Of course.'there are- others witli'ari undeniable chance, but- halfa dozen is inoro than enough to select, and I must i'r narrow them /down. To lnuko a final jump , into anticipating tho judge, t will take ' ? , CARBINE or THB QUEEN 1 Melos 2 Pbinoe Conbobt or LoyalstonE 3 THE MELBOURNE STAKES, will bo a groat guide to tho Cup, und tho winner will go near it, if in tho racii. . If. Megaphone bo well on Tuesday, I fancy he will win, and he gallops mgient heaitnon Given a l un, I fancy Carbine t, ill get homo, arid over this distance. Marvel should run; well The winner will, Infancy, be Mi. Donahl Wallace's Belectod,'1 !?* *? MEGAPHONE or.CAUBINE . 1 Melos ' . .. 2'u?, PEIhOE COVSOBT .. J 3i '?' THE MAEIBYENONG PLATE 'j,1 should bring out a good field, and to till; a long stoiy shoifc, I fancy Mr. WILSON'S BEST or ASCOT VALE . . , . ... l Haqtinotok . J'-2 v/' My ueleotions for tho' minor --uvents ar« . — HOTHAM HANDICAP. TAECOOLA or CLAKEMONT . . 1 ' ' Aqushla , ... ,,'.., ,2 Ehulbeut or Gnstoon^' , , „. s MAIDEN PLA'X%' COOK'S BES11 ... 2,}?' ... i tJprsB 1'b» . ,„ »{ % 2 VuttBftouu « mj.-- ? 1 - COBUEG SrAKES. -: A big field is sure to turn onb, &M; at the date of .writing it is impossible to say what will'6tarfc. Given a run, however, I ' . fancy . .' ?. ] PUGILIST or STJEELTBAP ... 1 s ?Bendigo ... ? ( g *- - ; Utier or Elsie' .' '' )' 3 ,'? Ou Tuesday— the weights for the dif- . ferent races have not appeared-the '1,,' r !? HURDLE RACE ' , ' will find a big field at the post, and'Beveral''' ' good jumpers arein. Ifancy ' 1 - . : .CORYTHUS or PINGABA 1 - , Ulysses ... ;,. '' t '* I Donald or Pilot'...- .'' '3 'i , :,- ' KENSINGTON STAKES ' ' ~'J . i LOliDHOPETOUNorYARRAN 1 -. .Thiklmeee ... . J ' i t^ma..; ;...;?;;; ;;; ??? \ beleftnntilnextTvee^andiflhave any ~ toter mformation it wiU, appear -in the' Dbad Bibd next Satnrdav. 