STORIES FROM THE BUSH. No. 1.-T?IE DN.D.tID I .- . BY WATTLE-BLOSSOI. We were staying at one of the most pic-e trcesque watering-places in this colony, and: while on an excursion to one of the numerous lions of the locality, "foregathered" witlh two surveyors who had first seen the place in its primitive state, and who had, in fact, helped to survey its not yet very well developed roads. - . in the evening we struolled out on the pier at that fittest of all times " Twixt the gloam ing and the murk," while the sea shone pale and mysterious beneath us. It had been a rasting hot day : but now, with the breeze iff the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sea- dew). we felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, "This seaweed smell is sugges tive of ghosts." "Why ?" asked someone. I'Well," he said, "it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of water salt water by preference- and dead bodies." " But there are no dead bodies about, are there ?" hastily inquired a lady. " Not that I know of," said the surveyor, checrfully, ' but let's take a seat and I will spin you a yarn which illustrates the theory." We sat down, and lihe told us a story, the letails of which I' ve quite forgotten, except that it had something to do with a church yard by the sea, and was sufficiently impres sive at the time, besides proving his theory o his own satisfaction. But once start so, aecinating-.a: Buibjeot".with AuTounndingas-se ' in accord, andit illnotlanguish, but'acquire nomentumn as far as it goes on, like the stone "I know a true story," said one of the ladies, "which had some connection with relations of my own." "That is a sufficient guarantee," said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, "Ex cuse my smiling." But the lady, being en couraged to proceed, began-" Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in the south of France. The railways were not so numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have all heard of the wreck of the Garonne. She was crowded with passea gers going home for the summer. Mynuclehad taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hearted man gave it up at the last moment to an old gentleman whose life was despaired of, and whose only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad for her health. Her mother in England, knowing she was with friends, and also believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, felt no anxiety about her, but was looking forward eagerly to her return. On the night of the wreck she was awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. " Mother." she said, "the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, and I have saved only this," touching her robe. " What is it " asked her mother feebly. "It is the robe of Christ's righteousness," said the girl; aind gently the vision faded away, leaving the mother alone with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend came in great distress to break the news, the widow said, " I know it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that my daughter is 'not dead but gone before.' " There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions,I have completely forgotten their names) knocked the ashes out of his unromantic pipe, and said, quietly, " I will tell you what I once saw in Queensland." ''We were camped far, very far, out in the bush, scores of miles from the nearest out stations. One night, as we sat rather late over the camp fire, we were startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs in the distance, ,as it'were galloping m:idly. It came nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold ofsus. We jumped up, and tried to scatter the embers of our fire, but we were too late, and in another moment a horse galloped into the circle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back; but why was he bending so low, as if in ironical salutation ? And why was his face of so strange a hue? Dead ! Yes, stone dead. It was a corese that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved; for, though after decently burying him, we made many inquiries, neither at a station, town ship, nor bush shanty did we ever hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together." After a while "' That is nots ghost story,',' said Surveyor No. 1. "It's a true story," re torted the other. But we were all shuddering.: The "murk" had taken the .place of the; " gloaming," and with one accord wAe turned . our backs on' the sea, and wernt iu tirthei music and lights. 