IN THE YOERING OF BARRARAN. AN ABORIGINAL LEGEND. (By William Bede, Melville.) He saluted, me friendly and en tered into conversation. He articu lated without the slightest taint of yabber, and spoke as cor- rectly as any State schoolboy of the fifth division. Civilisation had not in this case, at least, made a failure of him. Suddenly he volunteered to point out all the objects of beauty and interest and we wandered in a circle for seven or eight miles. Finally we found ourselves in the slope of Mount Moonda, surrounded on all sides by a scrub so dense that I almost feared we should never get out of it. The black- fellow, too, being aged, began to show unmistakable signs of fatigue. How ever, he cheered me somewhat by re- marking that we would soon be all right, and would reach Healesville before darkness came on. The sun had sunk beyond a range to the east, and as our progress became slower and more difficult every minute my uneasiness broke out afresh. The denseness of the leaves of the trees above us darkened the unknown path way, and increased the fear of being hopelessly bushed, and meeting the same fate as many an unfortunate who had ventured off the track before. Almost as rapidly as these words are written the blackness of the darkest night enveloped us. My companion, "Wal- len Billy, however, struggled on heroic ally and aboriginally while I followed faithfully on his heels. My tourist attire was torn into unrecognisable tatters and the fragments were clinging to many a sharp-pointed limb and ruthless bramble. My arms and legs were; bleeding from 350 wounds — I counted them afterwards with a two- gallon bucket of ointment in one hand and a whitewash brush in the other. Now and again I lost sight of "Wallen Billy, for he flushed, through the wil- derness of timber with greater success than I and several times I had to holler out for him to ease off a bit, and the obedient native waited for me, but no sooner did I place my hand on his back than he urged himself forward and left me striving in the ruck, with the few ounces of energy left me. Half an hour, of irritation followed, compli cated by the dread that the black- fellow would out-distance me, and I be a lost atom in the wilderness for- ever. About 20 yards ahead I could hear, poor old Billy groaning through the timber stricken region. A sense of shame smote me now. Here was a 'possum-fed patriarch, fully 40 years my senior, who could leave me hopelessly in the rear in a trial of endurance. The self assaults put fresh energy into me, and I plunged forward recklessly, only to trip on a spall of ironstone, damaging my thumb most disastrously. I was not quite sure whether, to pray for help or use bullook-driverese. While mentally debating the point a yell of joy from Wallen Billy, reaehed through the network of wood. The blackfellow had triumphed over pitch-darkness and indescribable difficulties. In 10 more minutes I was with him congratulating him upon his discovery. I calculated that we were now out of the scrub but was quickly disillusioned. Billy explained that we were on a cleared block of land three miles from the settlement, that we would have to remain where we were till daybreak, when all would be well. Yes, we were in a sort of bush prison of three acres in dimensions. All around wore the giant trees of the forest, closely knitted from the roots upwards with leaves and brambles, and branches and scrub. It was a great square penitentiary with too blessings. The star-lit Aus tralian sky canopied it, and a stream of purest water flowed diagonally across the lower corner. Presently we lit a fire and drank long and copiously of the crystal water. Then resigning ourselves to the virtuous necessity of keeping calm till morning, we lit our pipes and smoked ourselves into a dreamy, weird mood. Wallen Billy was silent, and somewhat nervous. Naturally I put put this down to weariness and physical pain, but on being questioned he confessed that he was now quite re freshed, and did not worry about the cuts and scratches he had received. I found I could not shake him out of his gloom, so proceeded to smother him with ghost stories. All the goblin legends were poured into his listening ears, and he became restless and filled with a feeling of fearfulness. It was not with any malignity that I conjured up the horrors of ruined castles and abandoned ancient buildings, but merely to let run at random the current of my own ghostly thoughts. When I had concluded the stories the black- fellow sat up suddenly and asked me if I could keep a secret. 1 assured him I could. Then he asked if I were courageous enough to hear the particulars of one of the most terrible tragedies in the unrecorded criminal history of Australia. His shocking earnestness and searching glare sent a shiver through my lacerated frame, and a creepy sensation ran through my neck, through the spinal marrow down to my very heels, and then back again, but I stammered out that I had courage enough to swamp the heroism of 50 ironclads in pursuit of a san guinary wooden craft with the main mast blown away. Hearing this he led me to the north-eastern corner, of the penitentiary, and showed me the remains of a rude hut. Only the stone fireplace and three posts and a few old logs had escaped the crumbling work of time. Then stirring up a hard ash- heap with a stick he revealed a collec tion, of human bones, including three considerably bleached and dried skulls. These disclosures did not lessen the horror which flooded my entire system. Therefore I was thankful when Wallen Billy suggested that we should return to the fire and refill our pipes, and these being lit with the burnt end of a bramble, he proceeded with his legend. As the blackfellow's. grammar was erratic, and his pro nunciation dubious, and his syntax strikingly peculiar, I will not attempt to reproduce his words verbatim, but will endeavor to translate his vernacu lar as accurately as I can. This is his story : "It all happened 30 years ago.. I was a boundary-rider on Mr. Herbert Lawson's station, and one day a hand some and powerful gentleman came up from Melbourne on a visit. He some how forced, himself on me during most of the time, and gave me plenty, of tobacco and treated me with extra ordinary kindness. Naturally I fell fairly into his hands, and would do anything for him. One day while we were out riding together he asked me if I would leave Mr. Lawson and work for him. I consented, and he took me down to Melbourne, where he treated me well, and I thought him the best white man I ever struck. One thing I never found, out, and that was where he lived and who he really was. But these matters did not trouble me much. After I had been in Melbourne for a month I grew tired of the civilised place, and longed to get to the bush again. He then told me that he decided to trust me with a most im portant duty, and I felt proud of the confidence he had in me. The next day we set out on horseback for Gipps- land, and after 40 miles riding through valleys and scrubs, and over hills which I had never seen before, we came to a spot where our horses were blocked, so tying them up to saplings we strug gled for two miles through a terrible forest of trees and ferns and brambles, and finally we came into a cleared spot with a hut in the corner. That spot is where we are now, and over there are the ruins of the hut. There were plenty of provisions, and I was instructed to remain here until he returned in a few days. Late one evening my mas ter returned with a most beautiful young lady, who was in an unconscious condition, and shivering and shaking in an awful manner. He carried her to the hut and placed her gently in one of the rooms. He never told me why he had brought her here, but swore he would shoot me if I allowed her to escape during his absence. He left this lonely, spot shortly after wards, and mentioned that he would return once a week with provisions which he did regularly. The young woman seemed very peculiar on awakening the, first morning after being brought here. She was very quiet and I soon discovered, almost insane. She gave me no trouble, but she never spoke, and moved about quite mechanically, as if she were at home. Whenever my master returned she would shrink from him and hide herself in her room. When he spoke to her she would never answer. Things went on like this for nearly 12 moons, when, there came an awful crisis. The young woman was sitting down just here at sunset, when my master arrived. He came so sud denly that the lady did not notice hime until he was by her side. Then she sprang up excitedly and attempted, to rush to the hut ; but he grappled her, and the two struggled desperately for several minutes when there was a shout at she entrance, and a man with a re volver in his hand rushed forward. The woman gave a shriek and flew towards him, throwing her arms around his neck, kissing him pas sionately. For a while my master was speechless and thunder struck, then he made an effort to bolt, but the stranger disentangling himself from the em braces of the woman, covered him with the revolver. Then, throwing the re volver down, he rushed upon his man like a demon, and my master noticing the movement drew a dagger and planted it in the stranger's heart, and he fell back dead. The woman stepped forward, quietly picked up the re volver dropped by her lover — for such he must have been — and, taking mar vellously cool aim, fired three times at the murderer, stretching him stiff on the blood-stained grass. Then she bent over her lifeless lover, and holding the revolver to her breast pierced her heart with a ball of lead. I afterwards gathered the bodies together and buried them with ashes, and left the awful scene never to return until this night. No one else has ever pene trated this scrub, or is aware of the terrible scene that I witnessed 30 years ago on this ghastly yoeering of the Barraran." 