A Night Camp in the Great Australian Bush. -:-+ < CHEERILY ! old horse, cheerily ! let us turn the next bluff and we'll camp on the flat, by the river. You've done a rare good spell of work to-day, and have well earned a rest.' Seven o'clock, and the sun is slowly dying behind the dark forest trees on the opposite bank. The magpies, perched high up in the giant gums, are singing him their glorious requiem. Farewell, old Sol. No ; not farewell-au revoir-for you must bring me up a gentle message from raj old world when you greet me on the morrow. 1 Ah ! here we are at last ; so now then, old boy, just one moment whilst I pick a camping place, and then off with the saddle and the bags, and hey for a roll down amongst the bracken and the reeds. < Grand old Gauntlet, what a beauty you are ; bless your noble heart. Never was there a finer horse foaled in all the Australias. Cast your eyes on him, as he stands beside me on the river bank. What a splendid upstanding gray he is, slightly dappled on the quarter, but a true blood horse, and just about sixteen hands in height. His head is clean and racer-like, and his coat as smooth and soft as gray satin. His strong, clean legs are as sound as a bell, and mark me, he is as quick upon them as yonder little piebald rabbit. Many horses have I seen in the tip-to JD . hunting counties, the pick of old England's equine blood, but this I will swear, with him stand- ing beside me now, the fresh, cool evening breeze from the river gently blowing from his silken mane and tail, and his great brown eyes roaming amongst the trees, that never yet have I met with one so brave and true as dear old Gauntlet.' The scene is lovely almost beyond de- scription. Picture to yourself a little glen, surrounded on all sides by mighty g um-trees ; a little inlet off the river bringing the water almost up to the roots of the gray barked trees. Fern and high grass grow all-about. Beside the river a forest monarch lies prone, half his length merged in the stream, and beside him two willows, evidently planted by the settler who, years ago, in- habited the ruined hut we passed back yonder bend, whispering to the great waters, as if bidding them carry some kinder greeting to their mighty lord the sea, nearly a thousand miles away. Not a sign of human life ; not a sound of aught that speaks of man. Around me in all its mighty solitude lies the great weird Australian bush, myself for miles upon miles its sole human inhabi- tant. In front of me the mighty river Murray, eleven hundred and twenty miles in length, and here a quarter of a mile in width, sweeping along as it has done for countless ages past. Every tree upon its bank is mirrored in its glassy surface with a clearness that nothing can surpass. On the other side, across this streak of running silver, the great sun, going down in amass of crimson and gold, painting everything, the trees, the cliffs, the ferns, the rocks, with its majestic glory. See Phoebus loosens all his golden hail* Right down the west Oh ! the wonderful, wonderful beauty ]£of this night 5 can I, shall I, ever forget it ? Three little inquisitive'rabbits trot out of their roomy burrows amongst the fern to watch with wondering brown eyes this strangest of strange mysteries-a man. I move ! and look with a rush back they < Once able to think, I realise it all - it was the cry of the treacherous wild doff, the dingo, the Australian wolf, the sheep-killer, and the coward.'' scuttle to discuss the matter in solemn conclave in the parliamentary halls below. A heap of sticks and bark is collected together, a match struck and applied ; a little flame, and then a thin line of blue smoke ascends, and gradually increases in volume until it loses itself in the great branches up above me. See, the fire is fairly started, and so, with Gauntlet's reins on my arm and my trusty billycan in my hand, down I go to the river bank. Filling the can with cool, clear water, I place it beside the fire, and then, walking along the fallen tree, I lead the old horse out until the water reaches his ample girth. Wade out, old boy, and drink your fill, for what could you have better ? Ah ! how cool and fresh it is, and how you do take it up, and then let it slowly trickle put again from your dainty mouth, like count- less diamonds. And see now how you shake your old gray head at the daring flies that try to settle on your taper ears. Are your friends the forest pixies in yon- der darkening bush, that you peer so knowingly in that direction ? Ah ! old boy, there are few such true and lasting friendships as this one of ours. But come, whilst we are moralising in this lazy'^fashion, our friend the billy is bubbling bis heart out on the fire. Come, come, this will never do, idling here, and we so hungry. Let us throw a handful of tea upon the bubbling water and procure some damper from the saddle-bag, and then the meal is ready. I am prepared to contend against all comers that the making of damper is a science in itself. What chef could make it ? What gourmand could partake of it like a hearty, hungry bushman ? To those who have never made it let me give the simple recipe. In the first place, take your ingredients-pure flour and water ; now mix them into a thick dough. Good ! The making is simple, is it not ? Then you choose a clean and level spot beside your camp fire and cover it with ashes, and thère you have your oven. Next, please lay the dough gently thereon, and cover it with another layer of clean wood ashes, and in due time, only to he ascertained by constant practice, you will have your damper nicely cooked. It is the bushman's food ; enjoy it. Ah ! Just look ! Before my simple tea is finished darkness has commenced her march across the land. By-the-way, have you ever thought over that simple word * Tea,' and what a wealth of old associations it brings with it. Doea it not conjure up vivid pictures from our early youth, of joyous holidays and children's parties, of quaint, old-fashioned rooms, of loving faces and gentle voices. Ah ! those faces, and those well-loved figures ; do we ever think of them, so long since hidden behind the robe of old King Time? How it re- minds one of sweet Sunday afternoons in dear old English villages, with their gentle old world peace. The high tea in the oak-panelled dining room, and the curate dropping in. The walk afterwards across the cowslip meadows, and along the hawthorn lanes, in the golden eventide, to the little gray church nestling among the linden trees. Then the meet- ing afterwards with the fair somebody at the wicket gate in the yew-tree hedge, with no one near to pry, save the flitting bats and the great moon as she rises over the hill. Let her stare, with her great brazen face all aglow j has she not seen the same thing many, many times before ? Old, old England, old Eng- land ! No one appre- ciates your charms like the exile who is parted from you. It seems hard to believe that the jackdaws still build in the old belfry, and lay up their speckled eggs, and we not near to harry them ; to imagine that the silver trout still lie up stream against the old stone bridge just below the village school, and we nol there to hook them That other couples softly whispering now steal their wa^ across the darkening churchyard, throug] the turnstile, and dowi the old sweet lane blushing to find them selves together. Al me ! Ah, this will never do ! Ere the dark- ness grows too dense we must lay a line for Murray cod. No Murray bushman who values a dainty morsel for his breakfast travels far without his line and hook. The little tree-frog will serve excellently for bait ; see how we find him. Crack ! Off comes the gray bark of the gum-tree ; quick, or he will hop off before you can catch him. Good ! we have one. Let us instantly impale him, and cast the line well out into the stream. So j now we'll tie the end to this stake and all is finished. Let us hope for good luck. Another log upon the fire, and our com- fort for the night is assured. Let us bring out the soothing pipe, and waft up our nightly incense to the goddess 'Nicotina.' I do protest there can be no more comfort- able way of enjoying a pipe than when you have your blanket spread out beside a blazing fire, your boots off, and your tired feet stretched out to its genial warmth. If there is, come show it to me, for assuredly I should like to try it. See what strange shadows the leaping flames throw out, what fantastic lights and shades creep in and out amongst the trees and ferns. Is there an Australian Don Fiema, I wonder ? If so, this must most certainly be their home. Cannot you picture them trooping in, down beneath the bracken; Don Fierna, in his red cap, with its thistle- down for a plume, holding his court in amongst the roots of yonder tree. But I wonder why it is I cannot sleep ; I am tired, and yet my eyelids will not close. Thoughts of home and home folk come thronging through my brain. Here am I, thousands of miles from home and many miles from any human soul, an exile, and for my own senseless folly. God help me. Shall I ever again see the dear old home ; shall I ever again clasp those loving hands in mine and gaze into those gentle eyes ? Ah ! who can tell. Oh ! miserable and headstrong men that we are, when our whole life's happiness is in our keep- ing, when our chances for a life of honest respectability are in our hands, how we cast them upon one side and pursue a hopeless shadow. But look ! look ! yonder through the leafy roof shines the glorious moon. See how the Goddess of the Night sails slowly up into the vatilt of heaven, shedding her silver light on land and water. What hundreds, nay, even thousands of miles of solitude she is looking down upon ; what countless miles of country never seen by civilised man or trodden by white man's foot is she illuminating. It is a curious thought. But up above me in the gum ia that melancholy bird, the mopoke, the moat dismal of all Australian night birds. Do you hear him ? ' Mopoke !' 1 Mopoke !' And see two little brown-eyed opossums are steadily watching me from a hole in that mighty limb, nibbling away meanwhile on the succulent eucalyptus leaf. And from that patch of fern, shimmering in the moonlight yonder, comes the weird cry of the curlew, ' We-weep ! * We-weep, aweary, aweary !' Why is it that their funereal notes always draw my thoughts to a churchyard I chanced upon beside a lonely moor ? I cannot tell. Old Gauntlet, standing close by cropping the grass, and now and again stamping his well shaped feet upon the turf, looks ghost- like and uncanny in the soft light. Save these few noises, and the croaking of the river frogs, all is still ; not another sound is to be heard. Peace, intense peace, reigns supreme. Por weird beauty and dreary noises the Australian bush on a moonlight night is unsurpassed. I seem to feel myself dropping off into slumber, my head upon my saddle, when ! oh heavens ! ! what was that! ! ! A yell, so terrific, so blood-curdling, so awful, that I, who have heard it times out of number before, spring to my feet in sheer terror. Again-again again-longer, more drawn out, and still more terrible, then dying away into a moan that is haunting in its. ghastliness ;' then rising into a shriek, like the cry of a soul in awful torment, then dying away into a moan, and all is once more still. Once able to think, I realize it all ; it was the cry of the treacherous wild dog, the dingo, the Australian wolf, the sheep-killer, and the coward. . I have heard of cases, for the truth of which I cannot vouch, of solitary bush- men having been driven out of their minds on being roused from their sleep by the cries of a pack of these dogs. Mark them slinking amongst the trees yonder, their gray and yellow bodies hardly discernible in the mellow light. Hark 1 here they come again ; prepare for another yell. No ; they are off ; why what's the reason I wonder. Listen ! what is that tramp, tramp, tramp, as regular as the foot-beat of an army, marching through the scrub. Nearer and nearer it comes, and a crashing, rending noise accompanies it. Old Gauntlet pricks his ears, and I have just time to catch him when its cause becomes apparent. A herd of scrubbers .the wild bush horses-are coming down to drink. , 1 Woa ; steady, old boy ; let them go. Would you like to join them, to fly through the forest in the midst of that wild, free crowd ? Gently, lad, soho.' See, onward they come, and into the water they rush. What a splashing and dashing, and neighing and squealing ; what a sparkling of the water in the bright moonlight. Look; that big gray with the small head, the queen of the mob, gives the sig- nal, and out they all come and away through the bush they go, scaring the peacefully-feeding kangaroo as they troop back to their feeding grounds. The mopoke begins again, the little frightened opossums return to their leaves, and so the night goes on. There is no sleep for me now-who could sleep after such excitement ?--and so, re- plenishing the fire, I re-light my pipe and smoke on. Peace and loneliness are the watchwords of the night, and so it con- tinues hour after hour. At length, as all things must, the night draws near its end. In the east the stars are already growing faint, and the night birds one by one cease their cries. Dawn gently breaks, and with it a feeling of un- controllable loneliness steals over me. Gradually the sky becomes lighter, and the songs of the now awakened birds herald the birth of another day. True to his position of fugleman, np above me in the gum-tree the laughing jackass gives out peal after peal of uproar- ious mirth. The laugh is taken up on both sides of the river, and is borne along the stream until it shatters itself against the great sandstone cliffs in the far distance. The magpies tune their throats, and sing out their joy for another day in such full, rich, liquid notes that I. stop to listen in very -wonderment. All creation takes up the strain, and everything is jubilant. Old Gauntlet, rising from his bed in the bracken, has a roll in the river sand for very joy, and then, shaking himself well, wades out into the river for his morning drink. The embers of the fire, which is still smouldering, are quickly raked together and started with new fuel, and the billycan, full of fresh water, is soon boiling thereon. Now for a dip as the sun rises. Eugh ! It is cold, but a plunge into the chilly water, a splash, a short swim, and out I come, refreshed and hungry beyond all measure. Pipe up, pipe up, you magpies ; screech out, you wheeling flocks of snow white cockatoos ; another day is here. Now for our fishing line. Hurrah ! Good luck Î Just at the entrance to a little lagoon struggles a shining, silver cod. Oh, so succulent and toothsome. Place him on the embers so. Now for such a breakfast, and with such an appetite. Fish never tastes as it. does when cooked at once, and a hungry bushman needs no sauce to tempt his appetite. Breakfast is over. Come, old Gauntlet, stand whilst I put the saddle and the swag upon yo.ur noble back, for we must be pushing^ onwards. Farewell, camp ; fare- well, lagoon. It is not the first, and let us hope it will not be the last, time that we shall have a night's camp in the great Australian bush. G. 13. 