Sermon. THE ATTRACTION' OF THE CKOSS. By Eev. C. Silvester HoitN, M.A. ' And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, shall draw all men. unto Me.'— John xii. ; 32. ' Perhaps the most impressive element of the Cross of Christ is its loneliness.; Of the awful solitude of 'His spirit, then,: we cannot form an estimate. '-? We have tried to understand tho solitariness of the; misunderstood, forsaken, and alone. Ihe very nature amid which .He died seemed to feel the supremo moment of the hour, more than those near tho Cross. 'We have tried to appreciate somewhat the m:. tensity of tho ory 'My God, -my trod, -why hast Thou forsaken Me ?' We have seen tho Son of God, bereft for one. moment of human, and divine sustenance,; maintain His faith and.love in the face of' Death. We have seen Him tread the; wine-press alone. But I am asking you; 1 to look with mo at the changed scene. i The solitude is past; the loneliness is! : .n™,. TMionmrnlM wlin must surolv have I hushed the strains of triumph and stayed 8 there singing while the world's redemp f, tion was at its crisis, have resumed their a majestic music, and it gathers power and a sweetness from age to age, and the ever H expanding chorus swolls with the years. W For Christ is not alone now. The Cross I wins, by its supremo attraction, the mul | titudes of earth. They press up the I slopes of Calvary, a great multitude I! which no man ean number, of all races |l and tongues andtribes and colors. ?' And m the desolate, crucified sufferer rejoices in X- an eternal fellowship and draws all men | into Him.. They! determined to destroy ? His influence, and they extended.' it; they sought to cripple His power, and theyl extended it ; they wanted to blot Him out of flight, and they exhalted Him for all to see ; they resolved th&t; His life should end in shame, and it changed into glory'..:, They fought for him while i in blind rage they fought against him. They wrote the eternal record of their own shame as they tried' to write His. In every cry of scorn there was an appeal to tho world. And as they raised Him on a cross to see Him die, they helped to draw all men unto; Him. A very won derful, but very real truth .comos out here, that even to crucify tho Christ. is to exalt Him. When you think you will get rid of Him out of your life you will be lifting Him up. You cannot help it. Only sin would ever erucifyj Christ, and the .greatness of the sin exalts the greatness of His sinlessness. xour very natrea . snan. conmonto to His . triumph. I have seen' those' into whose lives you could not look with out beholding Christ reigning as Saviour andXing. There was a winsomeness in His grace and beauty that could not fail to appeal. But I hayo1 Been those into' who lives one was permitted to look, and though at first all seemed a blank, yet, as you .gazed, you were Btartledr and appalled, for you saw in them a crucified Christ. You saw in their soul a Golgotha of death and shame. You -. saw the Christ lifo in them by- wicked hands crucified and slain, and yet, as you looked, you were drawn not tothe victor hatred, the master imssions that had inspired the' sacrifice, but to the suffering Christ whose nobleness was exalted by thoir wiokedness, and whose^love was proved by thoir hatred. Who won the day Nero, with his garden illuminated' by tho martyr fires or Christians,' or the hum blest of those loyal ones who was burned for Jesus' sake P Was any soul of man ever drawn to the monster who stained the world with innocent blood P No, but he— the Roman. Anti-Christ— raiBed on tho site of his butcheries a cross invisible' to him, but visible to others, and to that cross was the Catherine of the peoples to be. Who won the day— Gardiner and Bonnor, tho ferocious prelates of a per secuting Church, or those they sent to the- stake P ' Be of good cheer ; wo shall light such a candle in England as shall never bo put out.' That candle w:as kindled ,by impious hands. That, torch of truth was lighted at the fires of error. The men who lighted it were like those famous .wreckers who -thought they would burn' down the lighthouse, that others who looked to it 'might perish, and kindled unconsciously a beacon fire that shed its rays further over the '. sea, and comforted the voyagers through _the night of storm. Oh, believe ine, prucifiction is exaltation, and th^e faggots that you light around the truth willonly make the truth to shine the more. This very exaltation is one of the great elements in 'the attraction of the Cross. When righteousness' suffers men are rlrn wti in hiimilitv and. devotion : but when wickedness suffers there ? may ? be compassion, there is no attraction. When pride and selfishness suffer, and are hum bled human, nature^ tries to repress'; a thrill . of satisfaction ; 'but. when:' the patient and: the humble faint: beneath the cross, the heart starts and offers succour. Scarcely for a righteous man 'would one die— Pharisaism is not attractive. Yet, peradventure, for a good man some would even dare to die. Suffering exalts' the good man. When he is most cast down, weakened, and humbled, he is most, up lifted. There is a glory, of suffering which you cannot get in, another way. It is not tho man of easy, life,' gay trom ovorv ignorance oi sunuw, »«u draws you to him and' makes you' feel the virtue that is in him ; it is the man of. sor rows, who for tho joy that was set before Him endured the Cross. Tho're is an ex altation of success. ? There is an uplifting by a throne/ There is a power to draw the sensuous and the weak by.- majesty; and pomp, and triumph. When men want oulce they may kiss the feet of tho crowne'd one ; but when they want com fort they kiss tho feet of the crucified. When tho greed of.gain is on ..men .they may cluster round .the successful; but when the thirst of love is on them they cling to the crucified. When1 the passion for pleasure is upon them 'they cling to the light and the witty, the shallowness of gaiety and the fickleness of folly ; but trlicn in wniiriness thev vearn for satisf nc-; tion of. heart and soul' they are drawn to the crucified. Oh, when the exaltation of success has passed, when the intoxication of pleasure is over, when the fascination of knowledge grows weak; when the up lifting of riches is gone, wo turn to, the crucified. We say, Lord, thatlmay.be uplifted on a cross, that I may Buffer with my kind, that I may know the. exaltation of soul that comes from sacrifice, and that I may be lifted up with Thee above tho earth, where its hum of applause may not disquiet me, nor the ring of its monoy «Vinnirnra harass me. and there in. the sweet sharing of sorrow put my hands on Thine, my feet on Thine, press my brow against thy thorny crown; mingle my tears and love with Thine, and so be drawn to Thee. ? Ah, wehave reached tho point. I put my finger on the word. Wo are Irawn, not driven. Mind you, you can drive men to tho feet of Christ, to kiss them like abject cowards in fear of paiji ; :ybu can drive thorn to the font to be sprinkled with the water they disown, and which they curse beneath their breath. ? You can coerce them to Calvary. 71n--..inK ! voii cannot drive them on to the Cross. Tho- essence of the Cross is that it is a voluntary sacrifice, And love must draw them where fear cannot drive. You will see at once how infinately more is meant by coming to the Cross than free dom from penalty. It is tho Cross they shrink from, who try to escape from pun ishment. You wield before them the terrors of tho law, and the horrors of iudgment, till they run in fear and cower at tie foot of the Cross, and say;/ 1 have sinnod, butlcahnofbear the.punishment. My Father,!, Thy child; havo broken Thy commandment ; but oh, don't pun ish me. Lot me ??-off, let me off! I have 'come to -the- foot of the Cross ; but oh, I cannot be uplifted on it. I cannot bear the nails through my flesh. I cannot hang there whilo the sun is high and the' wounds are throbbing. I will try to live better, but oh, I cannot bo crucified. No, you have been driven -to the .Christ, you havo, not been drawn to the Crucified. Cowards never find the Cross, or if they do they do not understand the Crucified. Forgiveness; oh, how we have wronged Thy sweet name ! Is there no forgiveness then but the. punishment is remitted P Is there no manliness of heart that can say, Father I come to, Thee to ask Thee to punish, me for my sin, and as Thou punishest forgive. I want to see, not a chancre in Thv law. but a chancre in Thy face ; not to cease to feel the chastisement of Thy hand, but to begin to feel the love of Thy heart. I can bear punishment, I can endure pain, but I must find love. I must know the 'fulness of tho love. And, behold, it can only bo learned at the Cross, and I am drawn to the Crucified. I, too, would know tho uplifting of Bor row, the exaltation of love, and I come to find it at the Cross. - ; Do you always remember when you speak of God's omnipotence that it is the omnipotence of love you are speaking of? We have believed long enough in tho omnipotence of force. Tho heathen be lieved that. They fulfilled the devil's rights because they were taught tho omnipotence of Thor's hammer or Jov's bolt. They wore degraded and debased because they wore taught to offer the' sacrifices of fear. We have beentry ing these centuriesto break the hammer of Thor, and proclaim fTift TAicm nf Tinvft: 'Rut. i\n Wft bfiHflVeitP Do you believe itP Will you let the Cross win by its love ; or are you still determined to drive all men into tho fold? Do. you believe in tho attraction of the Cross, that the Crucified will draw men. Or will you still thunder your anathemas and declaim your word of vengeance ? 'I will draw all.' Do you believe it? Will you let Christ draw, and not goad with iron terror at the heels of a driven, terrified crowd. Ah ! to how many Faith has been No evidence of things unseen But a dim 'shadow that recasts The'Creed'bt the Pharitasiasts ; For whom no man of sorrows died, For whom the tragedy Divine ' Was but a symbol and a sign, And Ch'rist a phantom crucified. For others a diviner creed Is living in the life they lead ; The passing of their beauteous feet BlesBes'the pavement of the street j And all their looks and words repeat Old Fuller'a'saying, wise and sweet, ' Not as a, vulture but a dove, The Holy Ghost came from above.' : ,-Thegroat question of the ChnrcheB to daysooms to be the. same as the great question of.the world, ' What will draw? One says: Gothic architecture— that will draw !' Let us raise the stately arch: let the light fall through tinted panes and trecerie'd windows. And the very beauty of the place shall draw. But men. come and go, and go and come, and say ' What a lovely Church I' and yet do not come nearer to Christ. And another says, Beautiful services — thoy will draw I Soft music arid blended voices . and silver litanies shall draw men — ana men come »nd go.' and go and come, and say, 'What 3\. charming servioe j': but they do not come to Christ.. And yet another says, Eloquent sermons — they will, draw! Splendid word-painting, gorgeous imagery will attract'; and men come and go, and go and come, and' say much about tho preacher and little about the -Christ, -and then, subduing, our; carnal imaginations, there comes a sacred, voice, 'I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto Me.' And we lieuin. to- -see; that ;only he who by his life preaches self-sacrifice draws men unto ? the' ' 'Crucified. In tho camp of the wounded, amid the ghastly spectacles of the place, the crys of agony, the' sights of horror, there where thp' surgeons were at work and the knife ' was busy, stood a fair sensitive, delicate,. Euglish .lady. The turn ' of one of the- wounded men has /?nmo' unH tho sure-eon stands near him .witlr his instruments of pain. The wounded man says ho thinks he can bear it'if the lady will come and hold his hand. And she stands by his side and looks into his face with her bravo ? oye3, and feels every tremor of the hand, and sees the cold drops gather on his brow, and shares his every pang, and sathcrs into her heart his suffering and pain. She is crucified with . him. And, oh ! believo me, through these ages a Son of Man has stood bv the bedsido of an agonising lumanity, and held its' hand, and slinred its throb3 of pain, and';gatli'ercd into His soul its sorrow and suffering: And as wo awaken to understand it, tho heart melts and breaks and surrenders, and we' em brace the Love of the Crucified. I have ' been wondering if you have noticed the force of that personal pro noun I will draw. So Ho would if we would- let men see Him. X tuanli la-ott for the growing feeling to-day, that, at all costs, wo' must lift up Christ.' .It is at our own peril if we disguise Him by our fine theories about Him ; if we spin our cobwebs of subtleties till the very cross cannot be seen. We daro not ob scure the Divirio man behind human words and phrases, through which this hungering world may. try in vain to pierce for tho Bread of Life. Christ will draw— the Crucified, the Divine Lovu, the fulness of the Father's glory, the selr-sacrifioing Saviour ! Men want to be forgiven by no formula of absolution, but by Christ. Men want to be satisfied by no metaphysical dogma; but by Christ. They want, to listennear tho Cross and- hear Him say, 'Father, forgive them. They will say, Ho who could forgive then and there will forgive now and horo. He who could plead with God for .those will plead for me. They want to come' to this forgiving Christ, and be drawn to Him and by Him to the- Father. And I say, in the presence of the breaking heart of a world, a sin-stricken world, a world of pain and sorrow, let us tear down at all costs the screen of subtlety and logic and let out the love o£ tho Crucified. Wo want to see the magnetic love at play. It draws all — there is no soul, nor over has been, nor ever can be, but love can move him, love can draw him. And Christ's lovo will never cease to draw till it has drawn us up to whore Ho is up lifted — on tho cross. I tell you I be lieve more and more, men are saved — really saved, saved in all their manhood — saved to a worthy lifo and noble ex istence not at tho cross, but on it. I be lieve wo shall not be satisfied to sit at the foot of the cross and look up through all this life in snug complacency at His sufferings, and thank God He has suf fered for us, and so we have not ^ot to suffor at all. But the love will uplift us, till wo feel the throbbing of His hoart and, in tho great words of tho Apostle; ' are crucified with Christ.1 Wo are saved on tho cross, and vhon through nur fiav nf Rnnrifinft wa have endured' it with joy for His love, and when tho night brings to- us the nearness to the world Divine, when in solemn awe and joy we repeat the Master's words and say, ' It is finished,' when we bow our heads as He bowed His in death, He will uplift us still and draw us up the slopes of night and vast tho crests of death to the eternal lifo and the etornal love, where we' who' have been one on earth may still, through the eternity of God, be ono with tho Crucified. 