In The Nick of Time The Thrilling Experience of a Tele graph Operator. Mits Lily Somerse, night telegraph opera tor at the Floodwood Otatlon, sat bt fore her table, on which a telegraph ine:rumnent cliched busily, a thoughtful expreession on her face. Floodwood was a. forlornly desolate spot and one where any woman except Lily would have been afraid to come, much Ices to stay alone at niht. a ith nothin, but the wind sadly sighing through the wires overhead, and the shrill shrieks of the wild cate away up on the mountain side to keep her company through her nightly vigils. But to her there was something fasuinating in the very desolation of the place. From early childhood she had been accustomed to commune with nature in the wildest scenes, and place: and wandered at will in the mountain glens nod carons. With no foolish old woman or silly nurse-girl to frighten her childish sense with stories of hideous ghosts and monstrous goblins, she had grown to womanhood naturally brave and fearless. In truth sihe did not yet understand the meaning of the word fear. Her office was nothing more than a roughly-built shanty, seven or eight feet square, with a email window in each end, and one in thedoor which faced the rail road track. It had been hurriedly put to gether with green lumber while the road was -incourse of construction, with the intention of only. uembg it temporarily until a better one could be built, but as usual in suohcases, it had done duty for its original purpose ever sinee.. The rough, unpainted boards were now badly warped and shrunken by long ex posure to the elements, and in many places large knots had fallen completely out. `'No doubt in the winter time the bleak mountain wind cheerily whistled through these many apertures, and while one side of the unhappy operator was being nicely browned like a piece of toast by the red-hot etove, the other side would be refrigerated like a frozen rabbit. It was about one o'clock in the morning when Lily received an order from the train despatcher, which read as follows : :To Operator, Floodwood.--Hold No?.21 until No. 22 arrives.-E.KJ.C." ' ..On receipt of this order she immediately displayed the red signal light, which isfur. fiahed all telegraph stations for this purpose, in:a conspicuous place, in plain eight of pae ' min . .trr na .. ? .nd rl. ,haro..t ?ld.,a b. e n ,from the offlce window. ' ,The necessity for this order and position of the two trains, biely' stated, were as 'follo:ws ': No. 22 had arrived at .Silver Creek, ten miles west of Floodwood, a few minutes after No. 21 bhad. p?~ ed sedwood, . which was thirteen miles est'bf Floodwood. As No. 22 was late,;had could go no further on the schedule, according to the rules of the road, they, would, be compelled to lay at Silver Creek until No. 21 arrived there, unless they could get orders by telegraph to meet them :at'some other station. Floodwood being the only. intervening telegraph office between the two trains, the despatcher gave the above order to that station, and as soon as it was properly 'acknowled"ed by Lily, he sent another order to No. 22 at Silver Creek, which read in this manner: 7! To Conductor and Engineer, No. 22, Meet No, 21 at Floodwood. Approach care fully.-E. C. 0'. The iitelligent'reader will readily:under. 'stand that by means of these orders two trains.would meet each other at Fboodwood 'in "perfe?i, 'safety, notwithstanding that one of them knew nothing of the arrange ment. To ePplain: It No. 21 should arrive first, they would be stopped by the red light which showed there were orders for them at the station. The conductor and engineer would immediately proceed to the telegraph oflice, where the operator would deliver them a copy of the order to hold them for No. 22. This would be euitici nt,ond they would wait until No. 22 arrived. It No. 22 should arrive first, the execution of the order would be yet more sitlle. No. 22 would take siding, and as soon as they were clear Lily would be at liberty to take down the red signal lantern, and allow No. 21 to pass without stopping. If both trains should happen to arrive at the same time, the red signal would stop No. 21, and, as No. 22 had ind!ructions to "approach carefully," they would do so, expecting to find No. 21 occupy. inv the main track. L1ly perfectly understood the importance of the order she had just received, and dur ing the long hour, which wore slowly away, she kept careful watch of the signal light, which, however, continued to burn brightly as ever. At last she heard a rumbling noise away in the west, which gradually became louder and louder and more distinct. By this sl.e knew that No. 22 was coming, and would probably get in on the aiding before No. 21 should arrive. The rumbling became louder and louder each moment; the earth began to tremble, and the peculiar vibration in the air which gives warning of a rapidly approaching train hummed loudly in her ears. She began to feel anxious, as they were evidently coming at a high rate of speed, and not approaching as carefully as their order had instructed them; ehe also had not yet heard the whistle which is always sounded by trains when app-oaching a station, and this ommisesion increaseed her fears that something was wrong. But she was given no time for further re flecetion, as the train now suddenly dashed around a curve not a hundred yards distant, running at full speed. Lily flew out and stood between the rails, swinging her hand lamp wildly across the track and shouting at the top of her clear young voice. But no attention was paid to her signal, the train coming madly on with such a rattle and clash that it drowned the sound of her voice. The roaring, rushing train was now upon her, and she barely had time to spring from the track and escape with her life. With a rattling crash and an awful rush of air the hissing, throbbing monster sped swiftly past her, while thb clank, clank, clank of the car wheels passing over loose splice near by was so rapid that it resembled the quirk hammer ing on the anvil in a blacksmith's shop. For a moment Lily was unnerved and be. wildered, but suddenly arousing herself to action she rushed into the office, and, seizing a piece or fire-brick that did duty as a stove leg' she turned and hurled it through the window of the caboose, which was just pas. ing. An instant later the redlights on the sear endof the train had dissppeared around a ourve in the cut, and the rattle of the runaway train quickly lessened in the dis atnrce Lily's heart throbbed painfully, and she was seized with a sudden fit of shivering which most persons of delicate organisations are subject to when.under great .,xcitement. As soon as she had somewhat recovered, she went into the office and calling to the train despatcher, who aneweted at once, she said: "No. 22 passed at full speed and No. 21 not yet arrived I" " My God I" telegraphed back the des patche, as swiftly as his frightened fingers could form the letters, " the crew must be asleep. They will strike in that cut and pile up fifty feet high I Heavens, this is horrible 1" Lily then went on to explain that she had attempted to awaken them by throwing a brick through the caboose window, and on hearing this the despatcher opened his key without waiting for her to finish, and said, excitedly : "Run to the east of the siding, and if you see them backing up throw the switch and let them on the siding. No. 21 is not due here for five minutes, and there is a chance for them yet." " I have no switch key," said Lily. "Break the lock with a hammer, a rook,or anything," was the quick reply. "Run fly i" Lily seized an old axe that was lying bandy, and, with a vague idea that she might also need the red light, she took it.in her other hand and flew np the track with the speed of the wind, at the imminent risk of falling and breaking her neck in :the inky darkness. 'Onde she tumbled and fell, and the lantern was dashed from her hand, and weht rolling along the ground far beyond her reach by the sudden impetus which her fall had given it; but without pausing to regain it, she sprang to her feet and bounded on. . ;The switch at the east end of the:siding -was fully half a mile from the oflice, and about the same distance from the beginning ofI the cut. It No. 22 could be on the siding in time,' they would, be safe; but if they attempted to back down the main track past the telegraph.ofice. they were liable to be overtaken by No. 21 before going half the distance, as, according to the despatcher's figures, No. 21 should now be very close. As Lily reached the switch, a pair' of gleaming red lights suddenly appeared around the curve in the cut, and she knew that the train was already rapidly backing up,' and that she had not a moment to lose. Feeling for the lock in the darknres, she then struck it several heavy blows with the axo. whioh lshe atill at.n.d. LuoLiyon of thie blows took effect, and the broken lock dropped to the ground. She then grasped the switch lever, and attempted to throw; it over, but it resisted her utmost effort o' move it. The train was how only a short distance away, and, with'the energy of, derpair, hes braced her feet against the ewitch.etandard, and, putting forth er'stidreigth' "i"i ones mnighity effert, the obstinate lever. came over with a sudden jerk, and. No~ 22 glid esafel in on the Biding " The shrill scream of a whistle was now heard in the cut, and as soon as the train was clear she again exerted all her of her etrength, and threw the switch back to its former position. A headlight was now flashed around the curve, and a moment later No. 21 rushed roaring by. Lily, by her bravery, promptness, and presence of mind, had averted a terrible calamity. At the official investigation, which took place a few days later, the entire crew'of the runaway train acknowledged that they were asleep, and that the conductor had been awakened by a brick thrown in at the caboose window. The only excuse they had for their neglect of duty was that they had been gn the road for thirty-two consecutive hours without sleep or rest, and that they were completely worn out. Notwithstanding the fact that themanage. ment of the road were responsible for requiring the men to run this long double trip, the entire crew were summarily discharged for criminal neglect of duty, as though man's endurance was an infallible bank, to be drawn on at pleasure. 