ART, MUSIC, M TBS DRAMA. " Report me and my cause aright."-HA«tiT. It is gratifying to be able to state that the offer made by the trustees of the National Art Gallery to amateur artists to compete for certain prizes has met with a liberal response. It may be remembered that a few months ago the trustees announced their intention of expending some 50 odd pounds, divided into a dozen amounts, for the encouragement of non-professional artists resident in New South Wales. The prizes were for nude studies from life, in block and white, for drawings from the antique, for sea and land scapes, in oil or water colour, done in the open air, for life-size heads, for still-life groups, and for any study specially worthy, in the opinion of the trustees, of encouragement. A rule was made that all work I must be from nature or the round, copies from the flat not being permissible. The pictures, to the number of 200 have now been sent in, and are being effected. The various prizes will be allotted by Wednesday next, on which day, and until the end of the present month, the successful pictures will be on view in the Black and White room of the gallery. Many of the works sent in exhibit great promise. It is satisfactory to find that so many of our young artists have thus responded, both in quantity and quality, to the thoughtful offer of the trustees who, in their turn, will doubtless be encouraged, by the success of their present scheme, to' offer in the future further inducement, of a similar kind, for our amateur painters to bestir themselves into earnest, energetic work. The trustees of the National Gallery are not, it seems, to blame for the unsightliness of their building in the domain. They have more than once urged the Government to grant them a sum of money for a new treasure-house for their valuable collection of pictures, and they have been met with the reply that a new Art Gallery would be erected on the site of the old Garden Palace in Macquarie street North. A better site for a building of the kind could not be imagined. easily accessible from the city, on a high piece of land which would make the building visible and in nearly all parts of the harbour, and in a street where already are some of one principal governmental establishments, the now Art Gallery would be not only a worthy object in itself, but an attraction which would lead thousands of persons to admire the beauty of its contents. The pr. sent local storehouse of art is well attended, but it would have even more visitors if it possessed a more inviting exterior. But, whether an entirely new building is erected in -Macquarie-street or elsewhere, or whether the gallery now existing receives a new and handsome shell, some steps ought to be taken in the matter without further procrastination. The " thief of time " steals on us unawares. The Art Gallery of a city like Sydney should be " a thing of beauty and a joy for ever," which the rough, brick structure in the domain most decidedly is not 1 and, unless we set about it without further delay, we may all be dead and buried ere the foundation stone is laid of the National Art Gallery it should be. Not many weeks ago it was my painful duty to protest against the exceedingly bad display of so called pictorial a Ivertisements on the walls and in the shop windows. My protest has not been in vain, for it has apparently brought one firm at least to a sense of the right and wrong of this matter. The only t h cause which has put forth a coloured picture bill this Christmas is Her Majesty's. It represents Titania, as she fondled Bottom with his ass's head, surrounded by a troop of elves, sprites, and hobgoblins. If the picture lacks anything, it is in the drawing, which might be improved upon in certain respects the figure of Titania, for instance, is somewhat 'out of perspex tive but it shows a capital idea of colour. It is chaste, soft, yet, withal, striking to the eye, as a window-bill should be. It is a distinctly good example of chromo-lithographs, and shows that when we choose to make the effort, Sydney need not be behind other cities in this matter. Whether or no we shall ever be able to produce enormous coloured pictures for the walls on the same scale of magnificence and artistic design and execution as our American cousins and nearer English relations, is a matter at present of conjecture. But it is satisfactory to think that we can at least, bring out a decent window bill. In the meanwhile the playgoer is, in a certain sense, the gainer by the absence of wall pictures of magnitude, for they are too often used, in England and America, for the bolstering up of a bad piece. Printing " has much to do with the success of theatrical management, but it is a virtue which is frequently abused. So long, however, as advertising, in its multifarious forms, is a necessity of the theatre, it is as well that it should be done with an eye to artistic effect, whereby it increases its attraction. is . . . . Everyone will probably remember the fact of a concert being given some few months ago for the benefit of Miss Bessie Doyle a young Australian musician studying in Leipsic. For lack of means, it was likely that her course of study would have to be abandoned, and her claims to public and were warmly advocated in this column, A concert was organised by Miss Frances Saville, supported by a large number of artists and amateurs, and their generous enterprise met with good response on the part of the citizens. How well-timed was the aid thus secured is now shown by news lately to hand. It appears that the young violiniste had actually been forced to relinquish her studies at the Conservatorium and launch out into public performance. From critiques that have come under my notice it is evident that her playing was much admired, and her ability is shown by the fact that at a small concert she performed the Mendelssohn Concerto," the Adagio and Rondo from Spohr's 9th Concerto, the Fantasia Appassionata, and an Air yards by Vieuxtemps, together with a polonaise by Hand; Sitt Still, perfection was not reached. The manager of the Mercantile Bank, however, announced to her mother the receipt of £103 Is. to her credit, and at once a fresh year's study at Leipsic was determined upon. The contributors may, therefore, be assured that the " benefit " has actually done the good which it was intended to accomplish. The year 1889, the close of which has just been celebrated, has not failed to make its mark in respect of musical progress in Sydney. Of local concerts and of operatic and other musical performances there have been perhaps more than the average number, and the artistic standard reached and maintained has been generally good. Besides three comic operas board during the year for the first time in the colony, there has been the introduction of Dvorak's great work " The Speotre's Bride " by the Philharmonic Society, and at the Orpheus Society's concerts many excellent though almost unknown compositions have been brought to a bearing. The past year will, however, chiefly be remembered in the future by the visit of Mr. Santley, and. above all, as the dawn of a new era in the matter of orchestral music. Prior to the visit of Mr. Frederic Cowen with the Melbourne Exhibition Orchestra, there was general apathy about this class of music When, however, that fine body of musicians was brought to our city, it was hoped that a new taste might be created, and an impetus given in this department and as may now be thankfully recorded, that hope has been grandly realised. A taste was created for orchestral compositions, and with it came also the desire to make a new departure in that direction, with the result that, aided by Signor Hazon's talent, Sydney has shown herself capable of producing orchestral music of the highest class. The " last of the eighties " will therefore deserve to be kept in remembrance as an epoch-making year in musical Sydney. For 1890, the outlook is even brighter. Mr. Santley's influence on vocal art will not soon be forgotten, and there is every indication that the desire for orchestral concerts is likely to remain, and that adequate performances of instrumental music will henceforth be regularly given. On the oom- ¡ pletion of the grand organ in the new City Hall we shall be further supplied with opportunities of hearing (fine music in still another department, and we are promised that during the year we shall be visited by at least three artists of unrivalled excellence and fame. It would be difficult to name any three musicians who would be likely to exercise a better influence in their several departments of the art than Mr. Best, Sir Charles Halle, and Lady Halle, for the reason that they are not merely great, but they are standard and representative performers on their several instru- ments There are players of really phenomenal powers of execution who might greatly charm audiences and yet leave no good influence behind them-nay, more, there are some whose example might prove pernicious. But nothing of this sort can even be hinted at in reference to any of the three named, for they are artists in the best sense of the word. Not one of them over descends to personal display, and with all of them execution is made subservient to interpretation. We may expect, therefore, during the year to be treated to " standard performances of the best music for organ, pianoforte, and violin, such as should genuinely ele vat) the taste of our musical public Another new comer is Miss M, Pettifer, a violinist who is well union of, and an associate pianist and silw medallist of Trinity College, ! London. Miss Pettifer has lately arrived in Sydney, where she proposes to pursue her profession. The dramatic year will also be notable for the introduction to the [Australian stage of John Laurence Toole, England's representative "low comedian," Mr. Poole who is under engagement to Messrs. Williamson.-lamer, and Musgrove, will leave London, with the chief members of his company, by the P. and ft Britannia on the 20th of next month, and he is to open at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, onKaator Monday. This is an event of great importance, inasmuch as Toole stands at the head of h calling. He is as great a comedian ns Irving is a serious actor and stage manager, as Best is a organist na Halle is a pianist, as Madame Netta was a violinist. Born in 1881, and on the site since boyhood, he is an actor the essence of rose humour is geniality. There is nothing of an acrid or fantastic about him. He is C9*entiali.<a droll, with a keen sense of fun, wonderful [found expression, and, of course, a complete knowedge of the business and technique of the stage. But geniality is not his only virtue in acting. K'is performance is never marred by any trace of ¡tisarity-a remarkable circumstance, considering the Toole was brought up in the school of such ore has da as Wright, Paul Bedford, and Buckstone who obtained many of their effects by, to put (mildly, means that were decidedly coarse. There's nothing of this about Toole, who never pays to presidency. It was said in this paper, near mine months ago, before the engagement was me that Toole would be liked in Australia, for Ks not only one of the best of men, but a sound acland a humorous one, into the bargain." His engagment is un fait accompli, his appearance near at hd. It is to be hoped that Australia will extend 4 the honoured name of Toole the welcome whiabelongs by right to England's foremost comedian The recent death of, Emile Augier, at an age very close upon the stated threescore years and ten of mankind, removes familiar and giant-like figure from the ranks BiFronch dramatic author. His first piece, "Labour," was followed during his lifetime by some twenty others, written either singly or in collaboration but of these very few are known to the English stage. The late T. W. Robertson convene!, "L'Aventurière" into "Homo," the late Miss Arbery reade "Let Fourchambault" into he Griefs," and the late Arthur Matthison adapt " Los Lionnes Pauvres " under the title of " A he Step." But the latter piece was never acted fe Examiner of Plays refusing it a license at the same time that he permitted the perfounaqlof the grossly indecent " La Majorlaino " under filthy " Cent Virgoe." Mr. Matthison there published his version of M, Augiev's play, she was found to contain nothing shocked to morality, after all. M, Augier's worthy though comparatively unknown to the English stage, demand some recognition of its author in this column, inasmuch as M. Angji although lacking in the brilliancy of Dumas of the extreme cleverness of Sardou, stands in the SS ranks those dramatists. His plays partake touch of social studies, and their subjects are too finally French for them to bear adaptation stand they are wanting at times in technical skill. Augier was always a serious writer, deadly earnest, and the champion of the domestic hot He had an original manner in arriving the conviction which he wished to force upon Ithdionce. In " Gabrielle," for instance, one of hisly successes, he depicts a husband who is so dear to his work for wife and child that he does notify his wife's sentimental desires. His '. friend falls in love with his wife : but the husband disco the affair, appeals to the lover, and then to loving wife, with the result that the lover is dismal and the wife repents. Thereupon the husband to take the blame on his own shoulders, on which reduces his wife to tears. The husband all he can ever regain the love of his wife, and answered by her seizing his hand end bursting out " O pure de famille feasted t'aime !" as the curtain falls, it is hardly fair to judge a French play 40 years by the modern British standard. By the death Emile Augier the stage has lost one of its head-waters. The various Ohristtaroductions contain much food for reflection. In first place, it is curious that catchy airs are fast dying of pantomime music and that songs have developed into a hybrid mixture of song analogue. It may be that modern composers for fighter musical stage are losing their capacity forcefulness, in which case they had better retire, Here may be a want of judgment in the selection the manse, but certain it is that it is difficult remember a single number out of the jfgeously-decorated and brightly acted panto.? Aladdin." A recent visit to a morning province of the clever Silbon Stirk company, fee Exhibition building, brought to view some for evils which might advantageously be used. Although so j artificial light was to the majority of the ] female acrobats made as they do at night i Stage paint is only because but for its aid the performers we resemble ghosts more than human beings whtttounded by the glare of the gas. But where light of day only is used, it is a mishap appear in powder and patches. My third-rate is about American speciality artists'" whahremind their audience at every end and turn they hail from the land of "Yankee Doodle." joy flaunt the " star spangled banner " in you at every opportune or inopportune moi These worthies forget that art ours be, if it is not cosmopolitan, I, for anybody cares "red beat" Americans, please notajhether an artist hails from the " hub of those " or from Tim butter, so long as he is six, and a good one at that What would Wiht of Englishmen in America if they made appearance to the strains of " Bare Britanuifcirexit to " God Bless the Queen," and perpetusAveloped themselves in the ample folds of the Jack ? g TRIUMVIB. 