NEWS AND NOTES. A football match wQI be played in the reserve this afternoon between players residing in the north and south parts of town, all of whom are requested to pot in an early appearance. In reply to a communication forwarded r. to the Secretary of Lands by Sergant M'AUister, concerning unauthorised p^rsons cuttiiig dead timber on the Mount Tarrangower timber reserve, he has received the following reply, which it would be well for our readers to make a note of. A miners right does net convey the privelege of cntting on a timber reserve, without the possession of the ordinary £2 timber cutting license; all persons not having this license and cutting on Mount Tarrango-rer Reserve should be prosecuted. It will be seen in our report of the proceedings at the police court on Thursday that the Crown Lands bailiff has already taken action in several instances. On Wednesday evening the Maldon Quadrille Assembly held a "Bon Bon" dance. It will be remembered that it was to have been held a fortnight ago, but owing to the inclemency of the weather was postponed. The evening being fine there was a large gathering, some seventy ladies and gentlemen being present. At 10 o'clock each of the votaries of terpischore were presented with a large " Bon Bon," the contents of which they were supposed to wear. After a sharp fusilade of crackers a novel and picturesque scene was presented, as each donned the contents of their " Bon Bon" in the shape of caps. There were various colored jockies caps,.smoking caps, clowns and other kinds of head gear too numerous to mention, all of which were worn daring the remainder of the evening. A programme of dances having been gone through, the enjoyable proceedings closed shortly after 12 o'clock. Mr. W. Seedsman acted as M.C., the music being supplied at the piano by Mr. Hines, assisted by several young ladies, and occasionally by Mr. Voisey on the cornet. A much respected resident of Green Gully, W. T. Biddlestone, aged 33 years, eldest son of Mr. W. Biddlestone, died on Thursday night. The Carlton and South Melbourne football clubs play a match at Sandhurst on Wednesday, lOfli September, for the joint benefit of the local hospital and a fund to aid injured footballers. > - The charge <jf falsifying the books of the Premier"Permanent Building Society, made against-William Doherty, James Miiams, John Holten and John Hedrick, was on Tuesday adjourned until the September sittings of the Criminal Court. The following extract from the War Cry shows to what a pitch of religions .mania same of the adherents of the Salvation Army work themselves into;—Splendid times at Oamperdown Saturday, Sunday and Monday; three souls snatdhed from Beelzebub's grip. Big marches, the Btandard-bearer on horseback; barracks full. A rebel at the penitent-form last night. Devil raging; cleared the barracks. Blood-and-fire prayer meeting; Holy Ghost came upon as; Christ victorious again. Sympathy rising ; collections, forty-six shillings. Ensign Holbbook. Trade Special. On Wednesday the Eaglehawk Junior Football Club journeyed to Castiemaine and tried -conclusions with a team from the Grammar school on the Camp Reserve. The visitors had not the complement of players with them, but they obtained the services of several substitutes and a good game resulted, which terminated in a draw, each side securing 2 goals. For the Eaglehawk team Lavercombe, Nankivell, Hines, Johns, Barrett ana Morgan did capital work throughout, while for the school Tredennick, Laurenson, Nolan and M'Lean performed in good style. -Mr. Tolstrup acted as field umpire satisfactorily to both sides. A return match will shortly be played. During the debate on the Railway Bill in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening Air. M'lntyre deprecated the idea that the colony was borrowing too much. There was, he said, nothing to be alarmed at, as the sale of the railways would more than pay the national debt. He strongly urged the construction of a line to the Walhalla district, where there was vast auriferous wealth, and also advocated the connection of the North Eastern system with Portland by cross country lines. He spoke in favour of light cheap lines, instancing the great success of the Kooadrook tramway. He hoped the railway caucus company would stick together in support of their lines, in twenty years the railway revenue had risen from half a million to three and a half, and he anticipated it might reach seven and a half millions in ten years more. He also defended the Railway Commissioners from the continual attacks on them. The children attending the State school at Porcupine Flat have lately been in luck's way. A few days ago the head master, Mr. John She'll, to reward the scholars for tbeir diligence and to celebrate their having obtained one hundred per cent, at the recent examination, gave them a picnic. In addition to the customary eatables a novel feature was introduced, two monster plum puddings being served up hot, each child being supplied with as much as it cared for. Races, football and other games were indulged in, and altogether a very enjoyable day was spent. On Tuesday last the newly elected member for the Walmer Riding (Mr. Bertuch),. and who is also correspondent for the Beard of Advice^ called at the school and left with , the master a quantity of splendid apples for distribution among the children, .who, it is needless to say, were delighted. Then they bare " lollie day" tb look forward to with pleasurable" anticipation, so that taken altogether they are having a "rosy" time of it. A meeting of the Walmer State School Board of Advice was held at school No. 402, on Wednesday, August 20th, when there were present — Messrs. Sharpe (chairman), Bogie, Bassett, Davis and Bertuch (correspondent). Several routine matters were attended to. On the application of the Walmer Mutual Improvement Society the use of State school No. 1077 was granted in which to hold a social evening. An animated discussion arose ever the application of A. Davies and others to be allowed the use of school No. 402 once a week, for six weeks, to hold a series of dancing assemblies. It was ultimately resolved, on the motion of Messrs. Bogie and Davies, that the request be granted under certain conditions. The Truant Officer's report was favorable, no prosecutions for" non-attendance being required. The Hon. N. Fitzgerald notifies in his address in our advertising columns to the electors for the North Central Province that he seeks a renewal of the confidence extended to him for the last 26 years. This unequalled unbroken period for which he has been a representative, denotes the estimation in which he is held by his constituents. His nomination paper was lodged on Thursday. witJi the Returning Officer, at Castiemaine. Mr. Fitzgerald having given such universal satisfaction, it is hardly likdy that anyone will have the courage to come forward and oppose his return. Programmes have been issued for the grand concert to be -held next Wednesday, in the Masonic Hall, in aid of St. Bridget's Catholic School. It contains both quantity and qualify, and evidently has been well selected. Among the visitors we are to have Mrs. Russell, the favorise songstress, from Newstesd; Misa Cahill (whose selections are always heard with pleasure) from Taradale; Misses Patchett and Biddick, and Messrs. Reid, Simpson, Hasler, and Greaves from Castiemaine. The local talent is to be represented by Mrs. Hobson, Mrs. Counsel, the Misses A. Tobin, J. and A. Temby, andGabeddy ; Messrs. Hobson, Prideaux, Temby, and Father Collins. The various items are well arranged, and it is also to be noticed, with satisfaction, that the ubusI long run of solos are tobe.intersperBed with several part Bongs, &c.; The nsual dance in the Shire Hall will-be held at the dose of the concert. A prodigy in the way of young porkers was exhibited in Mr. Way's butcher's shop yesterday. Hie animal, only 15 months old, bred and fed. by Mr. H. Pettitt, of the Kangaroo Hotel, was 6ft. 8in. long from snout to butt, stood 3ft. 8in. high, was 'Oft. round the girth, and weighed when dressed over SOOlbs. Mr. Way bought it from Mr. Pettitt some few weeks agG, and put on the finishing touches before leading it to the slaughter. It is reckoned that the hams trill go about €01bs. each. A man named Herman Rotheubuche was arrested on Thursday night in the Market Square, Castiemaine, by Constable Britt on a charge cf threatening behavior. It appears (says the M.A. Mail) that Rothenbnche threatened to shoot Mr. Huish, of the Metropolitan Hotel, and also declared his intention of cutting his own throat with a knife which he had in his possession. Rothenbucheissaid tobe well connected, and is favorably known in the Muckleford district, while Mr. Huish is well known in the Maldon district. The remains of King Biily. ^ * h ? at 80, the last of the Upper t " be ' were found in the camp near Bjtharston Sunday. Death mis foond to have been due to senile debility, ' A few ext^ ^eap .lines at J. J. M'Farlane's must be sold before the end of the month. Boys' coats _at 5s. lid. ; men's coats, -good qualityf men's trousers and vests, Geelong twefed, at 10s. lid.; boys' felt hats at Is. each. [Auvr], As notified in our advertising columns Holy Communion will be held in Trinity Church at II a.m. to-morrow morning. At evensong, commencing at 7 p.m., the Rev. R. A. Cooke, M.A., will continue his course of lectures on "Gresfc-Religions of the World," the subject for the evening being " Mahommedanism and the Koran. . .The local police have received .instruc- tions from Superintendent Ryall to make their- *nnual inspection of all licensed houses in the district, and to report on same. In cases where repairs are deemed necessary the liceusees of such houses will beat once notified of the fact, so that they will have ample time to have the necessary repairs effected before licensing day comes round. A number of complaints have been forwarded to us lately of valuable dogs being poisoned. It is a pity that those who practice such nefarious and diabolical outrages do not select as their victims the numerous mongrel curs that run about the streets, barking and yelping after every passing horse, instead of sacrificing the lives of useful, well-bred, and faithful members of the canine species, which their owners can ill-afford to lose. We are pleased to notice in the Government Gazette of the 15th instant, that in the clerical division of the Public Service examination for female operators in telegraphy. Miss E. F. Hodge, of Maldon, daughter of Mr. T. Hodge, mining manager of the Eaglehawk Consolidated Company, was successful in satisfying the examiners. Out of 148 competitors. Miss Hodge with 1,341 marks was fourth in order of merit. Complaints are made of the danger workmen employed at the Laanecoorie weir are subjected to, and it is stated that several men have left the work in consequence. The weir consists of a wall 700 feet in width. The concrete wall, 250 feet width, which is constructed across the main part of the river, is continued on either side by a puddle wall, varying in height, and 10ft in width. It is reported that the stays of the puddle-wall are inadequate, and the men emplyed in its construction arc imminent peril of their lives. Mr. M'Intyre, M.P. for Maldon has been written to with a view to hve the dangerr emedied. An act of bravery was performed at the Laanecoorie weir on Tuesday evening last by a man named James Copejand, employed on the works. An elderly man named Thom&s; King was driving a horse and dray across the ford (formed throngh the Loddon to communicate with both sides of the weir works) when in some manner the horse aud dray ran over the side of the ford (which had about a foot of water flowing over it) into deep water. King, who at tbe time was standing up in the dray, was thrown into the water, and being entangled in the reins he was dragged under. Copeland, perceiving King's imminent peril, without waiting to divest bimself of Ins clothing plunged into the water {Sft. deep) and swam to the rescue.. On reaching tbe drowning man they were both seen to disappear underneath the water between the horse's legs, the horse struggling frantically to get clear of the dray. On the two men coming to the surface Copeland, by using great exertion, lifted King on to the dray, on which they both stood up to their waists in water. Copeland called out for a rope, and on being supplied with one placing it under the halfdrowned man's arms he asked him would he prefer being dragged through the water to shore or wait for the boat, which he perceived being pulled towards them against tbe strong current.' King elected to wait for the boat, but was so weak that Copeland had to hold him in his arms, expecting every moment to be washed off the dray. On the boat arriving both men, who were much exhausted, were taken ashore. Unfortunately Copeland's gallant efforts were all in vain, for although every effort was used to save King's life be died about half an hour after being rescued from a watery grave. If any one was ever entitled to the Humane Society's medal surely Copeland is, more especially as this is new the third time he has risked his life in saving ethers. One of the witnesses examined at the sitting of the Mining Managers' Certificate Board on Tuesday did not seem to be very highly impressed with the importance of geology as applied to mining in this district. The opinion had previously been expressed that tbe Government should employ lecturers on geology, mineralogy, and surveying, to give miners some instrqetion in the subjects. But this witness conld not see tbe necessity for snch a course. There had, he said, been several geologists down inspecting his mine, but when he asked them to suggest where he should drive for gold they could not answer him. He noticed that they generally inspected tbe mine " after" he had got on to the good gold. If the geologist could say tc him " Drive in fifty feet there and you'll get good gold," he would then admit that geology was of some use, but as things at present stood he firmly believed that a man even though he could not pass a technical examination and obtain a certificate, who had a practical experience extending ever many years, Was the best one the shareholders could have to manage their mines. The witness's remarks were provocative of some laughter amongst the other gentlemen present, but whether it was at his outspokenness or any other 'cause it was hard to say.—Bendigo Advcrtuer. Dear old Dow ! How glad we all were he pulled through, and to see him~briskly limping round the lobbies once again. Surely never before did a man who, from the pressure of occasion, had been forced temporarily into a dock or near it, have such an ovation. From members of Parliament in all the colonies, froin'municipalities, associations, and private folks of" all kinds, for "days, poured in "the telegrams of congratulation. In his own constituency the electors lit bonfires—hot to burn his effigy but to toast;his.praise, and.all tbe adult males of the several towns in Kara Kara went to the hotel counters on receiving tbe good news and—stopped there for the rest of the day. Of course he will rejoin the MiniBtiy, where he will be very welcome, and equally, of coarse, he will be unopposed when he goes before the electors. " Why," said a six-foot and 15 stone constituent of his to me "If anyone opposed Dow we'd eat bim!" There was: one curious thing, though, about the Sow decision. I happened to be in Dunolly, where the almond trees have already. their -spring fashion, on Sunday, tbe day before the Bench delivered its judgment, and was surprised to note the calm confidence the residents bad that their popular Minister would be acquitted. Travelling down in the train next merning 1 met an old political chum—not a pressman —who told me be had- heard in Sandhnrst, on the previous Saturday, that Mr. Dow woald be. discharged, and all the test committed. I confess I scarcely credited tbe prescience at the time, but -it proved true.—Melbourne correspondent Ararat Advertiser, The Greatest Blessinp.—A simple, pure and harmless remedy, that- cures every time, and prevents disease by keeping the blood cure, .stomach .regular, JddneyB '.and Oliver aptive, is the greatest blessing ever, con ferred upon man. Dr. Soulss American Hop Bitters is that, remedy," and its proprietors axe being blessed by thousands who have been saved and cured by it. Will you fey it? See another column. "Eagle." Messra. Barker & Co. are getting along famously with the construction of the Maldon and. Laaneceorie railway line. The jails are now laid beyond the Bradfort station. '"The workmen have been much delayed by- the extraordinary incle- -ment weather experienced this winter, hut are now in ;full swing again. A splendid gravel pit is being opened up at Porcupine, \fronr~ which they will be "euablei to pbtain an unlimited supply of excellent -ballast- According to the Scientific American, the {Teat steel air ship, Invented by Dr. de Bausset, of Chicago, ls"to"be built in Boston, to carry 200 passengers, at the rate of 100 miles per hoar throngh the air. The length of tbe ship, which is to be called the '«" Ben-Franklin, is to be 732ft., diameter 145ft., weight 416,0001bs., or about 200 tons, and the ascentional or lifting power 63tons. A company has been formed to build the ship at « cost of 250,000dol. Some of the best engineers in thte World have examined this invention, and say the projection is feasible. Among them are, the chief engineer of the Brooklyn Bridge, the chief of tbe Bureau of Steam Engineering, U.S., and the professor of physics in Franklin Institute, Philadelphia. A little book on "German Labor Rates of wages" supplies some details about wages and hours of labour that are peculiarly interesting. Here are some samples of pay received:—Machine smiths and fitters earn 3s. per day of 10 hours' work ; joiners' locksmiths, and upholsterers,. 3s. for 11 hours' work painters, carpenters, glaziera, 3s. 2}d for 11 honrs' work - ; builders and plasterers, 3s. 6d. for 11 hours' work ; cartrights and farriers, 2s. for 12£ hoars' work; laborers or unskilled workmen work the same hours as the skilled or craftsmen, and arc paid Is. 9Jd., 2s., or 2s. 6d. for 11 hours' work, according to circumstances. 2s. per day may be taken as the average laborers pay. Nineteen shillings a week represent the average earnings of a workman. . Even a. hen that misses a couple of her chicks is not such a beautiful true picture of flarry and worry as a woman looking for ber gloves when she is otherwise ready to go out. Certainly the Most Effective MEDICINE in the. world is SANDER and SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its eminent | powerful effects in coughs, Colds, Influenza, I &c..; ; the relief is instantaneous.' Thousands give the most gratifying testimony. Read this certificate:—"24th April, 1885.—Messrs Sander and "Sons,— It is with the greatest of pleasure that I testisfy to the excellence of your Eucalypti Extract. Having had inflammation on the bone of the leg, which came on after a severe attack of low fever, I was attended by Dr. J. Boyd, who had nade strenuous efforts to save my leg, but without success. He then found it necessary to amputate my limb. Having heard in the meantime of the wonderful. cures worked by the Eucalypti Extract, I oVtained a bottle, and the extract had net been applied more than an hour when I began to feel', greatly relieved. After applying the extract every four hours for nine or ten days I was out of danger. I would persuade all who may be affected with any such disease to give the Eucalypti Extract a trial, and I am convinced that they will €nd it the most wonderful of medicines.—Yours &c.;, E. J. Curnow, Wattle-street, Sandhurst. 1 (Advt.) Hollowat's Pills and Ointment.— Travellers and Emigrants—those who cross the seas change the climate, but they do not change the constitution. The altered conditions of life, the exigencies of travel and other causes render the traveller and emigrant peculiarly liable to diseases and accident when far from efficient medical aid. With these associated remedies at hand they may be said to have a physician always at their call, an*l they may be certain that situations will be constantly arising in which they will require a ready resource in time of need. The directions for use which accompany each box and pot of Hollowat's Puis and Ointment are written in plain and simple language, and axe applicable'in all cases. Throat Affections and Hoabseness. — all suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at tbe Almost immediate 'relief .afforded by the use o *' Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges"are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is. l^d. per box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," a "slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troche" are on the Govern ment Stamp around cacb box.—Prepared by John I. Beown & Sons, Boston, U.S. European depSt, 33, Faningdon Road, London England. 