THE GLOBE-TROTTER. Letter Carrying in China. / About the most curious institution in 'Chinn is the poBtal service. It includes two | quite distinct systems, one far the govern ment ollioials and the other for every one ' else. The dispatches of the government ure carried by mounted postmen v/ilh tolerable swiftness. Their carriage and delivery are under the direct supervision of the Minister of War in Pekin. Tho people at large uro not allowed to send mail by the official carriers. They are obliged to transact all their postal business through a much slower medium. In every Chinese city Lhc-ro are several post office's which receive and .deliver in their respective districts the mail matter of the general public. Bach guarantees the safe delivery of everything intrusted to its care, and in oaeo of loss of valuable papers or goods reimburses the sender without delay. The contents of every package, however, must be exactly declared at the time of mailing, as the postage varies with very trivial variations of value. . Tho postmen of this branoh of tho mail service walk or ride on asses from station to station. With some eighty pounds of mail matter a postman oo7era about three miles an hour. The minute he arrives at the eud of his route he transfers his burden to tbs Bhoulders of another postman, who, what ever the time of day and whatever the weather, hurries off to deliver it at the next station. To keep h:m3clf ready for all emergencies, the Chinese postman never fuddles his wits with over-eating. He always takes very light moals. “ Eats himself only Ecven tenths full,” tha Chinese eay. He is usually a man of fine physique, and less afraid of ghosts, witches, etc., than forty-nine out of every fifty of his fellow-countrymen. In faet, an applicant for admission to tho service is generally subjected to a kind of civil service examinatiosv of his courage in withstanding tho horrors of supernatural phenomena. If he stands the test without quailing and proves that ho ba3 not incurred the enmity of any spirit bad that might inter fere with him in the discharge of his duties, be has taken a long step towards procuring his appointment. This singular condition for admission to the service is universally considered to bo quite proper,for the average Chinaman is also afraid of spirits and tho dark that the slightest noise by the wayside at night would cause him to drop whatever ho was carrying and dart off like a shot to the nearest settlement. An ordinary letter may bo sent one hun dred and fifty miles or more for about Sd. Thirty per cent, of the postage is collected in advance from the sender. Tbi3 amount covers the expense of transportation, and is a guarantee against fraud on tho part of the Ecnder. Tho other seventy per cent, is col lected from the receiver, and represents the profit cf the service. The postmen often carry very valuable mails. The traders intrust to them drafts and silver bullion without hesitation. To protect the most important mails, email guards of soldiers are often used, or troops of fighting civilians are always ready to fight at least a dozen highwaymen. The mnnner in which they prepare themselves for such uneven combats is an elaboration oi a pugilist’s training in punching tho bag. Erom tho roof of tho empty shed in which the practice is taken hang on ropes ten heavy sandbags. The man who is learning to bo a guard stands in the midst of these bags, while his instructor on the outside seis them to swinging. Tho man among the bags then strikes out right and left with his fists for tho purpose of punching tho bags away from him. As soon 83 lie learns to keep ail tho bags in motion without letting them touch him ho is pronounced ready to go on the road to knock out mail robbers. 