A CAUTION TO CURATES. A SERMON ON SERMONS. BY ARCHDEACON FARRAR. S That evergreen of journalism-the sermon question-is treated in an interesting way by Archdeacon Farrar in the Forum (New 'York) for November. He begins by a short plea for sermons. Most sermons are bad, it is true, but then so also are most speeches delivered elsewhere. Sermons are unquestionably great soporifics, but than " must not the blame at least be shared by Eutychus who sleeps ?" Besides, " preach- ing is an ordinance, and almost a distinctive ordinance, of Christianity." Therefore, suggests the Archdeacon, congregations should suffer foolish sermons gladly, in remembrance of the great sermons of St. Francis, and Fenelon, and Wesley. Having disposed of these (somewhat half- hearted) apologetics, Archdeacon Farrar proceeds to the main subject of his article, which is " Modern Claims upon the Pulpit." He says EPIC COWARD'S CASTLE. We live in times when nearly all know how to road, and when excellent books are within the easy reach even of the poor, Nothing is more fatal to the pulpit than that in the very subjects with which it deals, it should be surpassed in knowledge by the power. Nothing is more offensive in the modern preacher, especially when he is a young and raw and ignorant, than the assumption of any right to lay down the law on disputed topics. He should rather endeavour to convince, and to illustrate, and to persuade, and to win. The pulpit is no longer a coward's castle. The preacher can be answered if any one thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self-important assertions will be taken only for what they are worth. Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of his authority, but of his conceit. Nothing will tell more powerfully and more deservedly against the modern preacher than for him to give himself the airs of the mediaeval inquisitor or the domineering priest. THE CURATE'S QUAGMIREs Against greed and oppression, against falsehood and uncleanness, against robbery and wrong, the humblest preacher may set his face as a flint. If he be faithful even in this region of his teaching, he may find an unlimited sphere of usefulness and abundant opportunities for martyrdom. And when he is maintaining with modest conviction the central fruits of the Christian faith, enshrined in the Nicene and Apostolic creeds as the primitive heritage of Christianity, he may leave his feebleness upon the vast authority of the universal Church. But when he leaves those solid bases for the quagmires of questions respecting which all Christians may lawfully differ, and when he mistakes the consent of popular ignorance or the current of fashionable opinion for truths which he may try to enforce by the vulgar methods of enclosing ? naval controversy i lie renders himself ridden-, loins and back. He may easily succumb to the temptation of degrading a sacred ordinance into a coarse engine for personal aggrandisement and party intrigue. THE PREACHER'S OURSES AGAINST SCIENCE. There are two great departments of knowledge which preachers are constantly tempted to invade, with no better equip- ment than that of a traditional and union structed opinion, which has remained un- changed in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more offensive by being ornamented with a smattering of impossible apologetics. They are the domains of science and of Biblical criticism. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has sufficient honesty to accept facts, can possibly deny that scarcely a single truth of capital importance in science has ever been emancipated without having to struggle for life against the fury of theological dogmatists. In every instance the dogma- tists have been ignominiously defeated. The world moved, as. Galileo said it did, in spite of a of the Inquisition.' A great Puritan divine thought that he had checked, the progress of astronomical inquiry when he said that he preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton you Newton was absolutely right and the Puritan divine was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulminated anathemas against the early geologists and one religious controver- sialist-with the exquisite culture and suavity which marks the ordinary language of self-sufficient bigots satisfied himself that during the ages which preceded the creation " God had been preparing a bill for the geologists." Yet, before thirty years had elapsed, the rejection of the I truths which palaeontology had revealed would have been regarded as the mark of an idiot. Let the modern preacher loam a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of judgment from the disastrous annals of the past. His curses, like chickens, will only come home to roost. THE EXPLODED DOGMA OF " VERBAL DICTATION." Again there has been an undoubted advance in the domain of Biblical knowledge. A preacher who relies only on our authorised version will preach on scores of texts which an instructed hearer knows to be mistranslated or to have a meaning quite other than the one attached to them. Further than this, an immense and silent revolution has taken place in the whole mode of regarding Scripture. The old dogma of verbal dictation has become too baseless an absurdity for any well-in- structed and unbiassed intelligence to maintain. Men have been learning more and more fully the significance of the wise rabbinic saying that the law speaks in the tongue of the sons of men in other words, that the limitations of human language and the disabilities of human infirmity were not miraculously removed from those who were chosen as the channels of divine revelation. It has been seen that different parts of the Bible are of very different value, and that much of the moral teaching of the Old Testament represents an inferior phase of enlightenment and stands far below that of the new Mankind has been slow to learn the lesson ; but the preacher who in these days thinks it necessary, as was done by a very recent com- mentator, to institute' a parallel between Joel and the Virgin Mary, to defend the human sacrifice offered by Jephthah, to treat slavery as a divine institution, to refer acts of atrocious cruelty to the direct command of the All-merciful, and to maintain the righteousness of wars which ended in the wholesale and cold- blooded massacre of innocent women and children such preacher may revel in the admiration of young ladies and religious cliques, but he puts himself out of court when he claims to impose his crude ignorance and shifting morality upon the consciences of wise and thoughtful men. Archdeacon Farrar concludes his very outspoken article by some just censures on those preachers who excuse their own ignorance by representing the advance of knowledge as due to " unbelief," and by advising all preachers to learn, as educated hearers have long learned, to discriminate between the wheat of divine revelation and the immeasurable chaff of human L theories and systems. 