¡ li>dy Hornbiiry^ Bull. ' Every letter from the tom tense breathed delighted admiration for her. charming and beautiful pupil. Since madame had baan forced fcy the lamentable occurrences of the Revolution (her two aunts perished . in «he September massacres) to take Bili, sha Bad bavai had such a pupil as th; Sha waa the admiration of every OH wko hat feen her, ajad the brightest atar in her little legitimist galaxy : every thingwentpnfeotly veil hos three months, . and Sir Joan and Ladf Hornbury were delighted. About thia time there cama to Sir John and Lady Hornbury à limbering young nobleman of vast wealth, who was in some ?ort a connection of theirs; so near that they, called him cousin. He called one morning to say that he was going to Paris, and to burden himself with any com . missions to Edith. ' I should Uko to see my. old playmate very much,' he said. 'I was a lover of hers when we were in the schoolroom ; I should like very much to see her once more, though I suppose she is getting too j fine for me.' There was not the slightest objection to his seeing as muoh of his cousin as he . chose, and Lady Hornbury wrote a note In her very best French (Madame d'Auril lise did not speak English, nor did Lord : Lumberton «peak French), whereby the Comtesse d'Aurillia« was requested to receive Lord Lumberton as one of their . own family. The comtesse received him in Frenoh, and he responded in English ; he stayd eon in Paris,'and in two months the comtesse found it necessary to write to Lady Hornbury as follows: ' MADAME,-My Lord Lumberton's ' visits are extremely frequent here, and I should be very glad to know yow in ' . atructions as regards them. I have not the least reason to believe that anything . has passed between milord and yonr beau- tiful daughter, but at the same time, madame, I think that he thinks of her a little'more than he does of my other young ladies, while she treats him with merely the kindness of a cousin. I observe that in our little family parties bhe prefers dancing with M. de Rocroy, a gentleman ol the very highest refinement and intro- duction, until lately gentleman-in-waiting to his most Christian Majesty Henry V. at Frohsdorf (whom may the holy saints hay« in their keeping!); M. de Rocroy, however, appears as indifferent to her as sha is tb him. This feeling of milord Lumberton's may ripen into an attach- ment, or it may not. I only await your instructions aa to my management in thia .Air.' 'What shell ve do ftowt' said Lady Hornbury to her husband. ' De!' said Sir John. 1 Nothing at all. If Lumbertan likes to fall in love with her, 1 don't see why we should- put a spoke in his wheel. The lad ia a good honest fellow enough, and would make sny woman in the World happy. Old d'Aurilliao says that she doesn't care for him, so there is no immediate danger; let Lumbertnn go to her, but don't say any- thing to the girl herself. Write and tell old d'Aurilliac .that we approve of his visita.! - * Bot-Edith is not out,' said Lady Hornbury. 4 My banker's book tells me that.. ' said Sir John. . IF she can make up her mind before shs does come out, all the better forker.' . -, ' He mn; gain her affections before she has had an opportunity of choosing. ' ? -4 That ia precisely what happened to yontaelf, and if yon don't regret it I'm sore I don't; yon know that wo were en gaged before yon essie ont. No, there is not sn onmarlad man in London whom I would prefer to Lumberton,' '. But, Sir John, submissive as Edith ls : now, you muBt remember the time, not so very long ago, when she had both a will /and tamper of har own. Any attempt to force her inclination would be fatal.' 4 When will a woman learn to argue?' said Sit John,"testily. ' I don't want to force her inclination, I only want her to receive Lttnbcrtoh's visits. If you don't wish Lumberton to see her, you are doing the very best thing to make her think more of him by sending him to the right about without tho ghost of a cause. ' . Lady Hornsby gave way after a "time, good-humoredly. She was a woman, and, good and honest aa sho was, would very much have liked to have had Edith out in London, and to have gone through that game of chess with eligible suitors as Sawns, in which every British mother slights. But she yielded ; Lumberton wouldmo*t certainly "do." She wrote , te Madame d'Aurilliac at once before she . went ont, and being in a hurry, wrote in English : What follows is part of her latter:-' ' Both Sir John and I quite approvo ol Lord Lumberton's visits. Edith and h< , were cousins and playmates, and th« matter is quite a family one.' . Which madame, with tho aid of i dictionary, translated to mean that thi two families had agreed on a marriage A convenance in the French fashion. The effect of this wonderful discover on the prt of madame was singular!; delightful to Lord Lumberton, wh< wa¿, by this time, honestly hea< over heels in love with his cousin ; aro , alco singularly and terribly disagreeabl to poor Edith, who, for1 reason of bs own, waa nearly out of her caird. When- ever Lerd'Lumberton came now he waa left alon« with her, Madame d'Aurilliac always quitting the room after a short time, with a far-seeing air, aa though she wera looking towards St. Petersburg to ste if theieewaB breaking up so as to allow of navigation; and the young ladies leaving alto with that - air of upieflerù or archness of which soma Parisian ladies are mistresses, and which has occasioned snore than one British islander, while suffering from the spleen, to long to throw hit boots at their heads. Lumberton desired to do nothing of the kind ; he was in love, and he liked it, though sometimes he would have withed when they were alone that he had something to say for himself. Edith of course knew that he lo?ed her, and she had no dislike for him, but would chat with him ever old times, about his sisters, his horses, his dogs, and such things, which helped him on wonderfully. Edith knew that some day or another he would speak, and she was quite ready for him. Good fellow as he was, the would as soon have married a chiffonier. She never alluded to his attentions to her mother, and Madame d'Aurilliac only occasionally mentioned his presence at her house aa a matter of form. So matters went on for months, until there came a'cataclysm. Lady Hornbury received this letter : . ' MADAM,-When I receive a viper in my bosom, or a smake into my house, what do I do? I expel that snake or that viper. Madame, I have discovered a snake in the form of your daughter's maid, Rose Dawson, and 1 have expelled her with ignominy, having first had her boxes searched by warrant from the Judge d'Instruction. Madame, we frund four thousand francs in gold, which we could not retain, so she is gone free.' 'My eyes, madame, hare long been directed in a certain quarter. I have now, in consequence of the Revolution, to address my attention to the forming ol young ladies. I haye therefore an eye not readily deceived. I hive noticed foi a long time looks of intelligence pass between M. de Rocroy and yonr daughter'i beautiful, but wicked maid. I saw an intrigue, and I watched ; last night the) were in the shrubbery together for an hour, and at last I came on them as the] were saying farewell. Him I banished from my house at once, telling him thal his sacred majesty Henri V. (whom th¿ Virgin and saints preserve till lie comes tc his own 1) should ussr of this violation ol my hearth. Her I despatched ss yoi have heard. I have.broken the truth tc yonr aweet and gentle daughter,' thougl with sorrow.' (Tobe Continued.) 