Crystals. The fightiug has begun. Tho unionists gained thoir first victory in Sydney ou Friday last. Another such victory, and they are ruined. That is, if they are not ruined already. Sixty thousand more men turned loose to assist in the process of moral snason with road metal and such convincers. The leaders won't be satisfied till they break their cause into smaller pieces than their weapon — tho road metal. In last Thursday's dobate in the Assembly a great deal was said about the father, son and holy ghost. But people must not run away with the idea that the mombers had taken a pious turn. Not much chance of that, even though pro ceedings should close, a» they now begin, with prayer. Jvverybody knows tho father alluded to ; most people make a guess at the son. But who the deuce is the ghost, and why ? Can he bo seen through, or does he wear a comforter ? Paddy O'Sullivan was particularly horrified at every irrovelent illusion to the trinicy. Nor did tho facetious Morgan come out of ths tus3le with a whole skin. Addison, S. M. of Sydney, reminded some cowardly assaulters that they were amendable to the lash— and would get it, too, if they didn't behave. Thij raised the iro of tho (3ydneyj O'Sullivan who is of opinion that a unionist, like a king, can do no wrong. One member ventured to assert that if unionists committed criminal acts they were criminals. But tbe O'S. wouldn't have it— 'They wero the bone and sinew of the country.' AH the worso for tho head that intercepts the road metal. The notorious Willis repeated the charge that Bruce Smith, sou of the late Howard Smith, and Minister for Lands, had said the striken should bo shot down like sanguinary dogs. So like Bruce to use that adjective ! Being absent himself, his colleagues h«d to content by saying they did not believe the chRi-ge. ? ? ? It was this same Willis who said at a mooting of railway men that Chief Com missioner Eddy should bo strangled. Eddy's crime lay in squashing political in fluence in connection with the railways and making them pay. Other members besides Willis would like to strangle the beggar. If our own Commissioners do as much for ns, we'll have a f«w strangles iu Queensland too. The Australian Eleven have played 38 Rames in England, winning 13, losing 16, and drawing 9. The record is about tho worst of any home going team, but they played nothing but strong combinations. In every match more or loss of the same old All- England elevon appeared. The wind-up was particularly unfortunate, as for tho first time tho Australians had almost a certain win against All-England. Barrott appears the most reliablo with the bat, aud Ferris with the ball. There ia no record of the moat important member of the team— Gate Money. We are inclined to bo jammy on the subject of the jam factory. Likewise) of tho markot shed — two projects that just succeeded by the skin of their teeth. The people of Toowoomba wore terribly slow over them, but there is now reason to believe they are also terribly sure. May the market-shod attract more buyers every week tliau it can shelter ; And may thi? factory nover lack jam, or its shareholders broad to spread it on. If this kind of thing continues wo shall begin to make uso of our advantages pre sently. Success is more due to the worthy chairman of both companies than to anyone else. It would therefore soora hasty bo con demn a man bcoause he ii a member of Parliament. Thore is only ono labour representative in the Assembly at present, and he seoms one too many. The other day a deputation from Bundamba asked Tom 'Rinnnv ta Rfand na itwin n« a vacancy occurred. This is unkind, and at such a timo, too, when the labour men wore going to sweep the con stituencies. Tlio Queensland shearers executire soemi to have a little more conscience than the southern conclave. The latter has ordered the- mon out right away, whilo tbo Blackallers will respoct agreements. It would be ungenerous to suggest that tho agreements aro to be respected because of the money hanging thereby. Although tho flesh rebels against crediting anything crcditablo to unionism just now. Shipowners, now that thoy havo ths battlo well in hand, if not won, have come down with very gonerous terms all round. .The pastoralists, too, will stick to the high figures which tho unions plumo themselves ou having achieved after mauy a struggle. This is as it should be — only the mean take a mean advantage. The employers now prove themselves fit to bo entrusted with their end of the Btick. When will tbe unions try to prove as much for themselves ? ?H ' Sale of the late Rev, R. E, G-oldingham'a furniture and' effects at the Parsonage to- day at 11.30. ? T. G-. Robinson and Co. advertises a large eale of furniture &c.; »t the Mart to-morrow, '? at 12 o'clook. , * . .'?; ' ,, ''!'., 