^ LOCAL AND GENERAL. j ; The Customs collections in Bourke for the month of May amounted to £1G80 Is, being an increase -on the previous, month of £598 14b 9d. /.v. S Rand wick Baces— Hurdl- Albert '1,' Charlie Q, Waiter 3. Sellinr. Plate ; Ernest 1, Fhaon 2, Pastmascer 3. Birthday Cnp. Eclipse 1, Insigna 2, Magnus 3. Corinthian (Plate : Goldmaster 1, Neots field 2, Hngo 3. Farewell Handicap ; Paris 1, The Bonce 2, Nonsense 3. Business people will be pleased to note that the first step towards that improved service which; the Comtnissioners promised the deputation h-is already been made, the trains leaving here at S.25a.m., and are due to arrive at 5,20 p.m. This, of course, is not as satisfactory as the time-table in vogae ljpfore the flood, but in view of the amount of work yet to be done on the line, it is cer tainly a gr°as improvement on the service which has lately been running. In addition to this we have the assurance of the Com missioners ' tliat as early as possible a more satisfactory time table will be\announced. During the prevaler. ie of the present table the mails will close at 8 a. in. The time for mak'ig the assessmants on rateable property wiihin the Municipality of Bourke has been extended by proclama tion' in the Gizetie for a period cf three months. Five of the mares sold at the recent Ho barfcviile sale are to find homes ill this. dis- trict. They are rs follows, the three first having been purchased by Mr. Hebden, of Wanaaring, and the two last by Mr. M'Dou gall, of Goodooga : — Ada, bay mare, foaled 1875, by Laureate froji Adventuress, by Kingston* (imp.)'; served bv Monmonth. Richmond Belle, bay mare, foaled 1874, by Maribymong from The Fawn, hy the Pre mier (imp.) ; served by Somnus (imp). Van quish, chestnut mare, foaled 1879, by Haw thoraden (imp.} from yictor' ie (imp.), by Victorious ; served by Gheviott (imp). Black Bose, black mare, foaled 1S71, by Kingston (imp.) from Camilla, by Yelverton (imp.) ; served by Gheviott (imp). Coo massie, ba.y mare, foaled 1876, by Maribyr nong from Alias Pen, by Kingston ; served by Somnus -(imp). On Sunday last the Bev. -C. Hamilton Shedden, the newly-appointed Incumbent toi St. Stephen's Church of England, con ducted the service both morning and even ing. It was the first service held in the church since the flood, and no doubt had the weather been propitious a large attendance would have been present. It being Trinity Sunday, the Bev. gentleman took for his text in the mornin? the 13th chaptcr of St. Paul's Second Epistle to the Corinthians, and the 14th verse, viz., ' The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Love of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all,— Amen.' Mr. Shedden preached an eloquent sermon ; he has a me lodious voice ; liis enunciation is clear and distinct, every word being perfectly spoken, In the evening a somewhat larger congrega tion was present. The parishioners are pleased in having such a worthy successor to the late Rev. C. G. E. Ash worth. On Monday last Mr. E. Rich had a pri vate interview with the Railway Commis sioners. We understand that Mr. Bach took advantage of the opportunity to bring under the notice of the Commissioners seve ral nocessary improvements that . are re quired with regard to the trucking of, and arrival and departure of goods, and we have no doubt that Mr. Rich's influence will go a .great way towards having these improve ments made. By reference to our advertising columrs it will be seen that at Mr. Wilson's photo graphic studio, opposite the Park, there is a large variety of viewB taken before and after the flood. Those who wish to secure photographs as souvenirs of the! 1890 flood should pay Mj. Wilson a visit. Tete Australians in their match against the Lancashire Eleven beat their opponents in one innmgs and 150 runs. They are not doing so . well against the Mirylebone team. A remabkably nice lot of 2-tooth rams, 600.arrivedat Byrock last week, en route to Beemery station. They are from Wardry station. 