I»I| v- » SPUIOWOOD OORREBPONDEKOE. Ir-. ! ' by A; r. Dear Siu, — Von don't hear from inc very often — a Ict, perhaps, you nrc not Incline-! 1o regret, but the' delay this time luia bemi mined bv n con sideration for mv b:ii»lifulnc<s and uuutlicr for yanr spac?. The municipal world up KutooDiba vny lutrcriy appears to have been in a slate ol volcanic eruption, niul the land has fallen pretty freely on the defeated Goydcr ?uul Mnllany, consequently 1 bare decided to remain nwnv until atmospheric -fcfcAYig'fl hiakc the 'jQufngy; tnopj enticing. Ono eSUld libt tirlp MiiUing-wlian tending the dednrntum of thopnljat the unkind \yay our friends tool: their %.fbging hoisted wo (suddenly from their fllPgblly ' constituted pinnacle of fame; but the incident wmi nbont fading frotn hieinory tvheri 1 witnessed the Rtansbury-O'Connor boatnpa. ;Any unprejudiced person watching The tertbpcCitcrs dU'r!lTgT.lifi1f"k111>;t,i?lruggIe chuM Tud cornctonny other conclusion tlian that our American f ric? , foul or no foul, Imd'nt the ghost of a show. Tar visitor knew this, but no 1 — " Aline mine Kntn.Huba munieipcc eleekshuu" — it must cud in u v.iu, tin or n Utruoy. I am a bad hand at corresponding publidy simjdv because J posscw- n ltuille«l amount of ability as a scribe, and conscience 111 preist in keeping the fact fresh in my ' momorV. >1 iml, : I , say "con science" — not limine ; because bi-a previous issue 1 ml mil toil the absence of this necessary faculty from my poivmago. Two glioses of whisky ore iihvnys requlrol to propare inc for the. prolirninarius of letter writing, xrhllo three will about luakcVucns stu|>li as a policeman, and fuur would uvakc me n full pledged aspirant for parliamentary lienors. An nspimut, ml ml not a real one for a four-glass man would never be in the r.iccfn a cmapetiUon within the precincts of the Macpiarie-stiuet, cstabllchmcnt it seems mther a pity ttiaL my fellow corres pondents down here are unable to odimatc their ability in a like mi-nrer. Hut. in ! A little brain, like a little knowledge, In n very dangcroua thing csjiccitilly vvlien allowul to engage in a game of wit and humour witli a pea and ink. What serious consequences have followed in the ca.se of our frienri- ki Hoa Kay," who attacked me a few is«ue ago. After h!-. fnvtcpisith: I recommended him to a r.-gul.ir diet of flsh iu cir.lcr to inciv.ih:' liis brain wpaeity ; but aft-M- rivvliug his his-t l.-tl-r -well— t av.-jiih! i respectfully ask that my recjuniicinlatiuii h-i wllb- drawu, for if all the fill;. iu tit r ocean ruadc ft r.igulnr passage through hi-» syRtcni aa i afterwards he was treated to a similar experience to -Jonah it could not possibly have the desired effect— too fur gone. "linn Ray" makes snnt? wonderful attcutpLnto spid bin foe (I sp'Mk in tli.1 masculine gcii'lLM1 rather than show ilisrospecL to the ojipu-iitc sex by onlci'laining a doubt of their emnplieitv in pik'Ii a frail piMduetio'.i). but like the usual run of raci1 g tipsters he is out of it, and may be till his, soul :s at rest (or otherwise) iu the region unknown, nn I his body fossilised to the same extant as thn—r which ho refers t j now us subject for jokefi, A foreigner, on being questioned ns to t lie merit oF lu-> 'L leel tic d iwi," rcjjlioi tint " he snlmells u rut veil, but he iloant schmelts Ncre he nud this is how mailers staud vidth " Iloo ltav." tbi; fimuil Oliieu went to n lot of trouble fa collect these fossil remains in addition to Cnliglp- cuing the community by giving mi instruct' vj lufluro, and the IngintlLmle of his htttn'rx i shown by the frequent utternplp to ridimile Ir.s action ; but our well moan I friend cm rest aasurd that his c.f.n-tH have been fully appreoiatod by llv ulorc sensible pmtinii of the ootrnmmfly. As for th)sc who continually introduce the affair i»:iyvr- lugly as a Biur t»n its imtiutiir, sueli as " iloo Hut," any person of onlinary intelligence neel only nvd his communication to b'.eame poF.sesei of the Id- a that the writer's brain "ill never act as adetummt to his l»ody liccoiciug fimilarly fossiliBOil as the exhibits of our triend OIslti : and now only at random ou sufferance Hiibjeet nt. any time to the cxijie se of the power vrstcl iu the niithurilic in ehurgxi of our lunatic asylums. On thnt Dcaou-it then, it is our duty ni Christian to entertain a. little sympathy for the l>ciug upon whom datne nature lia« not bestowed a vei-y l>miitiful supply of coaiiuoii-scnsc. am! eircutuntnnocs have deprived <«f the oppurtuuitios nud iudiuation to cultivate iviih the growth of tfnie. Ohiufh muttons nro aKsuming rather n vcrlou- affect at .jiringwix! just now, all owing to every one's laulf and jjo one In particular. Money and Iu right liaud oompanlhu's influcncii, I »lare «av, nr? re«ij»on(«iblc for tlidr Rharc ot the disturbance ; but they constitute one world, nud poverty (he otb-r — so, being extremes, we must cxjicet theui to remain at variance till same great social reform supplies j rumaly — or sliall I My, till the end of time ? 1 dislike, (hough, to ic mankind at enmity over church mutters, for if we dejiinilon the church na and parwiiinAB tliu luslrurucajUlitr of onr jpihlari -i to a bright hereafter, vc cr't a noble example to be act by the nsBuclnlai anil adhcrvuiti of thatnacrcl cilficp. If he veu can onlybc Kviehc! bra drau.n- fwonl struggle, then 1 think many will be better satisfied to live hero below in pc&cc; au-l harniouv with fcllow-mag, avoid connection with thr ehiirehes, nud take their cbuo rk to the plft c allotted them in the unknown wurh! beyond. Mr. J. J. Howe, member for Rodfcrn, nddro?oil ft public meeting in Idthg iwon Saturday iu the iutereblfi of Mr. John Norton, the protectionist caudidatc. The chair "a« oceupiod by Mr, VS'm. llecs. The speaker got a good reception. The number of letters dispatched io Kinrfaod by the long Ken route from this colony Inst year w. a 1 G.nfkkO, and the number roccivud by the Batne route from tlic United Kingdom wna SO,fjyO. The number of tchrams (ransmlttol from Kcw South Wales lust year u-rs 5,138.502, of the value of £215,77'!. The moasagos iu ,thp colouy.. ouniljerod ?lrt86,S9p, valuol t £21J(6H. . . The number of letters dcllvcroil by letter carriers attached to tho Geucral Tosi Office last ycArVa Unregistered, fl,0S5,O22 ; registered, 194,-4 1 B ; boo he. I08,nH7;and newfcjMii>crh, i,8SQ,G74. T The metropolitan Inspector of -weights otmI> measures has notifiod nil master baker that on arid after the 7th August all dcuomiqations of bread except two kinds most bo mode of. full 'weight. A prisoner named McDonald, In endeavouring to escajhj from Nyngun Gaol, foil over a feneft breaking his leg. He baa been bjnwio«l to Dubbo Hofqdtal. CD TlilrhdajP 7th ( rfki y r nur of wjicKt district fcr ivcr ball) was Instru- Jtpital in closing tW of tbebold Jock Dunoliub at Vinegar rfTll. . CT A strike bf 7x11 Way Labored Iirs talcon pladc ai Cixaljab (near Dubbo) grav«3 nlta, oonwiqucnt ujwji the ComuiUsioncrB inducing their wages frCii / 7s. Jkl. to Cs. Od. a day. : A sUoctnj (Qbof "VbltpotW ' Raiddc tp&Smil.;'nt. JJylstnue on WoliicMfty bight to>?i man namut Jt-jikins, manager for Mr. 0. Stewart, J.r Wood- Uwn. The deccauol vau Idgldy <y>u«eciod In 4he old country, and allboughTioBidout at KyUtouo for only a short time, be was generally rtxqxtod. The tiamber.-of nlstcrad lcttea Vhloh i iimough Hie iGcnen»l IVwt Offlao lu lSSy xat tb.l fil , as Agaiust ASBOJ iu . 