PRIMITIVE METHODIST MISSIONS. On Sunday last missionary services were held in the Bundanba Primitive Methodist Church. In the afternoon, the Rev. W. E. Smith, of Brisbane, conducted the aervice, and preached a splendid sermon from St. Matthew xi., 28, 29, and 30-" Come unto Me, all ye that labour, and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take My yoke upon you, and learn of Me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For My yoke is easy, and My burden is light." The rev. gentleman asked his hearers to notice three thingsin the text-viz., (1) The depth of Chrsst's insight. (2) The breadth of His sympathly. (3) Thie wealth of His power. In the evening, the Rev. A. Harding con ducted tie service, and took, as his text, Acts ii., and 4-" And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance." From these words he preached a good sermon, urging Christians to live nearer to God if they wished to see greater results in Christian life, and to see sinners to come to Christ. The annual missionary meeting in connee. tion with the Bundanba Primitive Methodist churchl was held on Tuesday evening last. Mr. R. Seymour presided, and there was an excellent attendance, the gathering beingose of the best missionary meetings held in that sownship. After devotional exercises, the Rev. J. A. Taylor read the annual report and balance-sheet, which showed the receipts to have been:--Sundays collection, £1 2s. 3d.; a friend, 3s.; A. Dobbhie. l£1 4s.; Sarah Hamilton, 10s. Od.; Septimus Sparks, Gs. ; John Spall, 17s.; George Hillaird, 4s. 3d. Saralh Bird, £1 8s. 'd.; Ernest Richards, 3s. Od.; Morgan Powell, 16s.; that evenings col lection, £I Is. 5d.; making a total of £7 17s. Id., being an increase of £1 Se. 7d. over the receipts for the previous year. The Rev. W. Sulith gave an excellent address on mission work. He dwelt on missionary character, and said that the word "missionary" meant one sent forth. The spirit of the workers and the work was next touched upou, it hbeing a spiritual force, working, through men, to draw men to the Spirit. It was essentially evan gelistic, and he laid particular emphasisonthe fact that that was the spirit which distinctly characterised the fathers of the Primitive Methodist Church, and pleaded earnestly, at the same time, for a revival of such a spirit in their Church at the present day. The true spirit of the missionary was selfsacrificing, leading men to forego ease, wealth, and fame. He instanced tile lives of Father Damien and several others, and then just touched upon the sphere of the missionary, which was the whole world. The address was most attractively listened to, and, at its close, votes of thanks were tendered to the collectors, and to the Chairman, the proceedings being terminated by the pronouncing of the benediction. 