Whose Was the Hand ? Br Miss BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley'á Secret," &c.; CHAPTER XXL-"ENOUGH THAT I CAN LIVE." As Clara Arden anticipated, dinner was late that evening; at River Lawn. It was neatly half-past 8 when Mr. and Mrs. Arden and Daisy met in the drawing- room, and the butler had been hovering in the hall for nearly half an hour waiting to an nounce dinner. " You are looking so pale and so tired, Am brose," Mrs. Arden said, as they seated themselves in the light of the large shaded lamp, supple mented with clusters of wax candles, a light m which she could see the color and expression of his.face better tuan in the softer lamp-light of the drawing- room. " I don't think that I am any more tired than usual," he answered. " You know what your fashionable physician said bf me. You must not expect me to look particularly robust." "He said that you<were:not to .devote yourself to intellectual, work, Ambrose, and you have been doing .nothing else since he; saw you." " Old habits are not so easily put off as doctors pretend to think. Tney tell the drunkard he must leave off brandy, and they tell the scholar lie must live without books, with just the same admirable compla- , cency, as if they were asking very little." " I'm afraid we ought to leave Berkshire," pursued his wife, looking at him anxiously. " I am sure that you will be better away from your books." "I shall be ready to -leave my books when my book is finished. I am nearing the end. When that is done I will go where you like." | " It is not where I like, but where you like," she said sadly. " I am happier here than any where else." . " Then let us stay here-till the end of our lives. You know what Horace says, Daisy." "No, no, I am not selfish enough to keep you here, when 1 see that you are dispirited and out of health. We will go back to London, we will go to Italy, anywhere." There was a silence after this, Daisy being more thoughtful than usual, and not offering.any diversion by the girlish prattle with which, she usually bright ened the meal, whether her heart was light or heavy. No word had yet been spoken about Cyril's absence. The butler had quietly removed the cover laid for him, and the chair in which he was to have sat ; but nobody mentioned his name till nearly the ,end of the meal, when Clara said rather nervously " Cyril is dining out, I sup pose ?" "He has gone to London," Ambrose Arden answered quietly. "He is not coming back to night." ? ',. Clara looked at him wonder ingly as he , answered. Had Cyril told his father that his engage ment was at au end ? She. could hardly believe that her husband would have taken the blow so quietly. It was, left for her, she thought, to tell him of his disap pointment. Daisy slipped away to her own den as soon as she was free to leave the dining- room, and Mrs. Arden entered the drawing-room alone, and sat there waiting anxiously for her husband to rejoin her. It was very seldom that he lingered in the dining-room after his wife left, him, but this evening he was sitting in an abstracted mood ac his end of the table, and did not stir when mother and daughter rose and - went away. It was perhaps the first time that he bad ever al lowed his wife to open that door for herself when he was in the room. Absent-minded and dreamy by temperament he had yet rarely failed in courtesy to the woman who was to him this world's one woman. He sat with his head bent over the empty des sert-plate, and the untouched glass of claret which the butler had filled unbidden. . He sat brooding in the lamplight for nearly ,half-an hour; aud then, with a deep- drawn sigh, he rose slowly, and went to the drawing-room, where his wife was sitting by an open window looking out at the moonlit water, very sad .of heart. He went over to her and seated himself by her side. "Cyril has gone from us for good, Clara," he said. " I suppose you know that." "I know that all is over between him and Daisy ; but I thought you did not know. 1 feared you would not be able to take the blow so quietly, knowing how pleased you were at their engagement." j " I was pleased because.it was a link that drew , me nearer to you. It was of our union I thought, not theirs. Nothin g can touch " me,. Clara, while I have you." " Did he tell you why he and Daisy had made up their minds to part?" \ * i " Yes, he told me his réasons." "And hers ? You will blame, my daughter for fickleness, I fear, Ambrose." " Blame her ; blame Daisy ! Your daughter and my pupil. Why, she was the bond between us years ago, when I was but the stranger within your gates. My love for your daughter is second only to my Tove for you." His wife took up his hand and kissed it, in a rapture of grateful affection. " How good you are to us, Ambrose," she said softly. " Harsh words never fall from your lips. If I could only see yow happy, my heart would be full of content." " 1 am happy Clara, happy in having won my heart's desire. What can a man have in this world more than that-tho one desire of his life, the boon for which he has waited and longed through years of patience and silent hope. If there is happiness upon earth I have attained it." " I believe your metaphysicians teach you that there is no such thing as happiness." " Oh, they only preach the gospel of doubt. The whole science of metaphysics consists in the questioning spirit, which analyses everything, without arriving at any definite conclusion about anything." " Poor Cyril," sighed Clara, after a pause of I contemplative silence, which seemed in harmony ' with the stillness of the summer nigut and the beauty of the moonlit landscape, garden, and river, meadow and woodland, and dark church tower. , " Poor Cyril. It seems so sad for him to leave us, to go out into the world as a wanderer ; and yet, of course, it would be impossible for our old life to go on, now that he has broken with Daisy." - " No, the old life would not be possible. It be longs to tlie past already. Did he tell Daisy where he was going ?" " To Australia, he said. He consulted wich you as to his destination, no doubt." "No; he told me he should go away ; but he did not enter upon his plans.'' " " Poor fellow. He was very unhappy, I fear." " He did not confide his sorrows to me. He had made up his mind; and it was not for me to try to change his resolution." His whole manner altered as he spoke of his son. There was a hardness in his tone that sur prised and grieved his wife, who a'minute before had done him homage as the most admirable of men. His manner in speaking of her daughter had expressed the utmost tenderness. The tone in which he spoke of his own son was cold and Stern almost to vindictiveness. Clara feared there had been a quarrel between father and son, and that Ambrose Arden had resented the can celment of Daisy's engagement with an unjust wrath. " You must not be angry with Cyril," she said softly. "I fear that it is Daisy's fickleness that is the beginning and end of our disappointment. She owned as much to me, poor child. She gave her promise too lightly, and i epented almost as soon as it was given, although she had not the courage to confess her mistake." " Well, we will say it is Daisy's fault, or that both are fickle. There are no hearts broken,. I believe. Cyril goes out into the world, a stranger to us henceforward." "Not a stranger, Ambrose. Your eon will always be dear to us both." " He will be in Australia, where our love or our indifference cannot touch him." There was a bitterness in his tone which warned Clara to pursue the Subject no further. She could not doubt after this that there had been a breac t between father and son-that these two who had been so fond of each other and so proud of each other hitherto had parted ill friends. And it was all Daisy's doing, poor little featherheaded Daisy, who should have been a bond of union, but had become the occasion of disunion. Clara Arden felt weighed down by the sense of inexpressible Badness as she sat looking out into the moonlit garden-that garden which she and her first lover had found a wilderness, and which he bad made into a paradise for her sake. It was her girlish admiration of that old garden Dy the river which had made Robert Hatrell eager to possess the place. He had laid it at her feet as if it were a bunch of roses, never counting the cost of anything which pleased her. Had it been ten times as costly a place he would have bought it for her. His image was with her to-night more vividly than it had been for a long time. It was as if he- himself were at hand, in all the warmth and energy of life, and that she had but to stretch out her arms to beckon him to her. And, oh! with what a heart-Bickness of longing and regret she turned towards that idolised image ! Face to face with the inexplicable gloom of Ambrose Arden's temper, she recalled her first husband's happy nature, his joyous outlook, and keen delight in life.' With him ber days had seemed one perpetual holiday. If she eyer com plained it had been because that energetic tempérament tooklife and its enjoyments... at A f aster pace than, suited her own reposeful temper. But how. brightj.hoWrgay those days had been ; how frank and open her companion's face ;. how expansive his speech and manner ! . He had never hidden a care from her. Were his thoughts light J or heavy she shared them, and knew every desire of her heart. . . ! : ^ . ; Í I But in this man, this cherished friend of many years, she had discovered mysteries. He: had grief B which, he would not share with J ber.' 'He was angry with his only son ; . they - had ; parted within a few hours, perhaps for all this life ; and he would tell her nothing of the cause i of their partings he invited no sympathy. He sat by her side in melancholy silence, and she felt the bur den of unhappiness which she was not allo wed to share. . . * "If he would only talk of his trouble, if he would only, let me comfort him, I should be twice as good a wife," she thought despondingly. - ". It is not my fault if our lives are growing farther apart." , After this night an . emotionless monotony marked Clara Arden's days in the house where her early married life had been so full of happi ness, and where her one great sorrow, the sorrow of a lifetime, had come upon her. The idea of going on the continent for the autumn was not carried out. The scholar's book absorbed him wholly in the waning of the year, and he pre ferred the quiet of Ki ver Lawn to all the glory of the Italian Lakes.or ail the art of Florence. He spent a good many, hours of every day in his old cottage study, while his wife and her daughter j lived very much as they had lived in Mrs. Hat- ' relPs widowhood. I " Your second marriage and my engagement to Cyril seem almost a dream, mother, when you ' and I are sitting here alone together, I and Uncle Ambrose is poring over his books on the other side of the road," said Daisy, j as she sat at her mother's feet in the morning-1 room, pretending to . Toad Leoky's England under the Georges, hut looking up every now and then to talk. " I call him quite a perfect hus band in his way- never interfering with our plans, never grumbling at his dinner, always courteous and kind, and ready to do what we like." '* Yes, he is all goodness to us," answered her mother, "and one would have nothing left to wish for if he were only happy." " I daresay he is happy-in his way, mother ! his calm, philosophical way, which used to soothe ' and tame me in my rebellious fits when I was a child. He was always the same, don't you know. Tranquil and rather mysterious-like deep still water; like Lake Leman whose depth one would never suspect if one did not seo the mountains upside down in the water-and get reminded by those delusive shadows of the real.depth below. Eely upon it, Uncle Ambrose has all he cares for in this world, having you and his books, and you give yourself groundless trouble when you are anxious about him." Her mother sighed, but did not answer. She I had watched her husband's face, with a new j anxiety ever since Cyril's departure; and she had seen the lines deepen, ana the melancholy ' droop of the firm lips grow more marked. No one at Eiver Lawn knew anything about Cyril's where abouts, unless it was his father. He had left Lamford within a few hours of his interview with Daisy, taking with him only a single portmanteau, as Beátrice Reardon informed her friend, this young lady having a habit ol' meeting every fly that ever entered or departed from the village. " lt's no use telling me you haven't quarrelled," protested Beatrice, . when Daisy denied any ill-feeling between Cyril and herself. " I saw the poor dear fellow's white face as he drove by, acknowledging my bow in : the most distracted manner, and I never ; saw such a change ia any man. A few hours befo.ehe had been the gayest of us all on trie tennis lawn, and now he looked positively like his own . ¡ ghost. You must have had a dreadful row, Damy." " We had no row, as you call ' it. We only agreed that it was ' better for us to patt." " Poor Cyril ! I had no idea he was so desperately in love with you. He used to take things so very easily," íemarked Beatrice, with all the freedom o; friendship. " Of course I always suspected you of not c iring a straw for him. You were noe the least like an engaged girl. You didn't spoon him a \- little bit." Daisy shuddered. She was one of the lew girls who are revolted by such forms of speech as pre , : " vail in some girlish circles. Miss ' ' Reardon affected a fast âià slangy manner as a kind of per ? petual protest against the dul ness and monotony of her life in \- a Berkshire villa.e. She wanted everybody to understand that 1 ' there was nothing rustic or pas : toral about her mind or her manners. " Í This was all that Daisy or her .mother heird about Cyril's ; departure. He had a one to his chambers most likely, where he could prepare at his leisure lor that long voyage of which he had talked. « : lhe greater part of his possessions, his books ' . and guns, and sporting tackle of all kinds were in; tile Albany. He had his own man to i pack for him, and accompany him to a new world, ' ? if hé was so minded. , " Not a stranger, Ambrose. Your son will always be dear to us both." . ; - "-. (See tale entitled " Wliose "Was the Hand ?" on this page.) 