A 6Ei OF OfLESSMEI. I. "Bat. lnisi ar, perceive hwo magnificent they are! There is not in Finistere, there is not ialtrituany, nay, it is certain thern is not in Preuce? osuerb a.tet of chee men. And ivory! hn.d the carin-- observe, for exomple, the variety of detail.' They certainly were a curious set of chessmen, nagnttileent in a way,but curious first of all. As tBahineau remarket. holding a rook in ou hand ad nd a knight in the other, the case paid to details bythecrverreallrwas surprising. But two hundred and fifty francs! for a set of chessmen! "?so, so, fried. I am willing to admit thatthe work i, go.i-ina innd otavwy. But two hundred and fifty frans If it were fifty, aFifty:' Up woa t M. Babinesu'sshoulders, and don no w Mt B L?ineau's head between them, in the ifahis, of those toys which are plled by a string. " Ah, mon Dieu! Monsieur laughs at moe''" And there carte another voluble declaration of their merits. They certainly were a cirious gt. I redly think ti e were the most curious set I ever aw. I would have preferred them, forinstance, to i:.rthing they have at South Kensington. a?1 they have some remarkable example there. And, of course, the prie was small. But when one has only five thosand franes a year for eerrthing, two hundred and fifty being taken a.ray-and for a set of ches men-doe t.ave a vacoancy behind. Iasked tobineast where he ?ot them. Busi ness was slack that s?aSc afternoon-it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever had, linut that must have o?en7a delusion on my part. Reportsaid he ws: a warm man. one of 3eorlaix's armnnest men, and his queer oil shop hi tho qncer old Grande I:oie--Grande Rue. what a name for an alic !-contained msany things which wtca valuable as wellU.as ueer. But there at least wae no other customer m sight just then, so obineau told me all the tale. It seemed there had been a MI. Funichon Auguste Funichoe-no, not a Breton. a Parisian. a true Parisian, who had some and settledl down in the commune of P:ouigneau, Over by the gare. This I3. Funchon was, for examplo, a thttle-well. a little-a little ex alted, let us say. It is true that the country ple said he was stark mad but: Bobineau, or his part, said ino, no : It is net necen Lary beioaue one is eccentric that one is mad. Hero Bobinaou l?oked at me out of the corner of his eye. Are not the English, of all people. the most eccentric, rd yet i it not known to all the world that they are not, necesurily, stark t??d? This M. iuni!chu was no: rich, quite the contrary. It wsu a Itlo p!tire Lee lived iu the meret iotta?,,, in fit. .ns i: it he lived lone, and. uceorleng to report, there was only ona thing he did ai so and nil r:i'ght long, ed that was, play chess. It aptpenr that he wea that rarut and most amiable of imbeciles, a chtsa maniac. L thiere Bach a word ? " What a life :" said 3. ]Bobin.eau. 'Fig ure it to yoerlf ! To do nothing- nothin.g!-but playcheoal They say"-M. lBobineau looked oiund him with an air of mystery-" they tsV he s*arved himself to death. He was so besotted ry-his miserable chess that he forgot-abso iutely forgot, this imbecile-to eat." That was what M. Bobineau said they said. It required a vioroe ?flTort of the imniuoation tquitetakei:rn. To wht astateof forgtet falns must a man arrive before he forgets to oat! But whetherM. Funichon forgot to eat, or whether he didn't, at least he diald and being de?t they sold hisn eons--srb-wtheo sold them was not quite de?ar-but at the sale O. Bobi a was the chief purchaser. One of the chief Iota was the set of irory chessmen which had caught my eyes. They were the dead man's favourite sot, and no wonder: Bobinean was of opinion that ii he had had his way he would hats had them b.ried with him inhis grae. "It is said,"he whispered, again with the glance of mystery around, "that they found him dead, ssted atthe table, the he'amen on theboard, his hand on the white rook. which wasgivingmste to the adversary's king." Either what a vivid imagination hadt obineau. or what odd things the people said! One p;cture the old man, seated tllalone, with his lnat breath finshing his gaine. Well, I bought the set of irory ehcsmen. At thi time of day I freely admit that they were . cheap at 2l0f.--dirt cheap, indeel; but a hun. dred was all I paid. I knew Biehbcau so well -Idaresay he bought them for twenty-five. As lI bore them triumphantly away my mind wa occnpied by thoughts of their originml poosessor. I waes filled b?r quite a sentimental tenderness as I me?iitated on the part they had played, according to Bobincau. in that last scene. But St. Servan drove all those thoughts awany. Philipre Henri de St. Serran ass rather a difficult pterson to get on with. It was with him I shared at that te my aartment o thopliar. "-Let us see!" I reoarked when I got in: s what have I here ?" He was eanted, his country pipe in his mouth, at the op-n window, looking down opcnthe river. The tHrre boat was maing readyto start-at MtorLaix the nautical event of the week. Thnee was quit, a bu-4te on thie quay. St. Servan just looked round, and then looked k again. I sat dwn and utied my parr-ase. "Ithink thter have bees critic~res- dero gatory criticiske-pased by a c' tin peson upon an certain set of chessmen. PerIapo that person will expl.iu what he bas to say to these," St. Seran mcarehed up to the tale. IIe looked at them through his half-c!;e-el eye lids. "Toys!" was all he said. " Perhaps ! Yet toys which male a trazsdr. Haveyou ever heard' of the name of F t;i. chou:'" By a slight morenient of his grt'!y. eyebrows he in!;mal ti that it w:,, o itle S ""These chesmaien belo:tged to him. He had just finished a game frith them when they. foun. him dcfd--the winnisg ie , a whle rook, was in his hand. Se?:?es: an pitatlh to b l,::el ovee hi -rve. TLerea a picttre for a I:tinter-eh "Bah! e wasaC'noun:'. That was all t:. Soervaa aid. AnI '?, :, St Seran tun:ed awve; to lock c,:t t, 12 window at the Htvere L;. :t a-a. There rs anendof .F h. o ricen 1hi.t. .-t thab he, meant eractls what he said. tie s',Iply meant that M. Futillonee. was not Legitnimst-cut of sympathy wit t th ntoemen wh, me!, nst .x red. visibly, LWore the nakd ero;-, at tie dlub on the other shle of the ptle:. With ' t. Serran not to be Legit:i.t tnaeant to le: ot!:ins stall-out of his range of visioc abholutett. Seeing that was so, it is strange he shJld haet bon?e with mee ashe d1. But he w a.- a roauder. fll oldman. IL W? played our first game with tht ivory ' sionforme. I had dueted-allI the ieves and hsd the board all sldwhen S e ratr n edtero. t eluteben wo dfre for eh -ooe rt i wm, s te:e domirantfeeling in mr hid wasae the thoubtti of the dead man 0sit0n,' all al one, with the whiterookinhishand.i There wns an ?ad?our of tyahoutthe at~dir f or me-a whif of ;ir in thsland c fghoet;. ,'evcrthelese,'my loins wcre tir d up, alnd I was preparevt to ccetr mosele asn msn ini the \--?ufe. Ses wer euriorotI neol maLcLEtv. -i.t Serrsnand I. Wle had p'lay 22I0 g;,no. a:d. Pntting ladr wsi adl teac d i-cored the sam, nu mlroef wine. hicnde edas da .ud oohlt SeAt one tihe I.o1s claen th ae ahdth but tincr that lericr.-ltr lcd hntur I ha not storsct ashtoglenooa. Ito hvol tr,-c l rt eostediir, tned eventzully had mnt.lethe neres eaocCtly rfe. to thee lattr dsos it Lt.erdoeaw oi:h lane to toe ao eriet of f:l th-t O.s a chess Itavee I asa aqaeptoplred o:,t-a;nd.ther ow as tiete whe I s ihoght theis ece, uo hblc, i -i he poue won rthewct n l: . areso elo e I of there eat:oc lan mi nervts; o.ilt th: croIe onst afelt Squit ero era-d p -r~ " to eit h?im out with st.rot.i. h dler it bek haio,'t. Arn intrmoital-tea?ame p ant-rle ,gnin ?notlher interol-o d rtlt a Pit iono he taen0thom tie. I pufIet a cnelou eosro inio tbh s nsor ond ti e m eetioch. ?oro siy theesir h hsad. a sir.ula rti .aece fo~~e hesi ohnlstrhd qete nou t his hatn e fecas s!jrn le. Re ta greeat tr beoig . openit , that rcl the prolardost pari t on it. le -!r leadr e tor sllHuoese tht hrar pipes it-he talent, had neer tried tueen's bnight's pan a h Tacd slot tolh. ed lpetit be, anderstood, itevnl-h tresou not hae omnfesae it to St. I(r inte-sor tho .-irld-thtor of te p latoolne. I a- watedd. to thle game ifor an hdour or, to atin aflect, for hesndherln tret hed oe hoe hrootn operioes, that woe- tarhe esrdt tart of it. lilt mysteries-never ! not if loutopan Methseah. Iam not built that way. St. Sevan andI wers two children who loin" the sea, dabble their feet in the shallows left'bs the tide. I have no doubtthat there are a dozen replies to that opening of his,,but I did not know one then. I had some hazy idea of developing a game (f my own, while keeping an eye oo his, and for that porpose put out my hand to move the queen's awn two, when I felt my wrist gr-aped y-- well, by whiat felt uncommonly like arn invisible hand. I was so startled that I almost drop d my pipe. I drew my hand back again, and wa.s eonsios of the slight detining preosuro of unseen fingers. Of course i was hallucination, but itseemedso real. and w.es so unexpected, that-moll, i settled my pipe more firmly between my lips-it had all but fallen from my mouth-and took a whiff o two to lm tmy nerves. I glanced up, cautiously, to see if St. Serraou noticed my unusual be haviour, but his eyes wor fixed stonily upon the board. Alter a moment's hesitation-it weaaba atut -I stretched out my hand again. The nhalutination was repeated, adl in very taon;ble form. I was distinctly conscious of m wrist behing swrenched aside rd guided to. ppiee I had nevor meant to touch, aod almost before I a aware of it, instead of the more I had meant to make. I had made a servile cpy of St. Serras's ouening--I had moredt queen knight's paln a single square i To adopt the language of the ate Dick Seieeller, that was a etaggerer. I own that for an instant I was staggered. I ould o ii nothing else but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke. I wae coer. 'ids that when St. Serean saw my more he knit his brows. Then the usual interval Ar rc:.ee tion came again. IHalf nconscioua'r I watched him. When, ae I suppoed, he had'decided oa his more, he stretched out his hand, as I hal done, nod also. as I had done, he drew it hack agaiu. I was a little startled-he seemed a little etartled, too. There wus a momeutsro pause ; bhack went his hand again, an, br wa of rarwing the monotony, he moved--~ing' might a pawn a single square. I wonderedl, and held my peae, There might be a gambit boaed upon these tlin., or there might not, but since I was quite lear that I knew no reply to snch an opening. I thought I would try a little experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slightest conception of any particular move if my head, but imply to oe what happened. Insthutly a grasp fastened on mr weat; my hand was guided to--king's kiight's pawn a single square. This was getting, from every point of view. to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen ap peare to be posessed of a property of which Ilobinean had been unaware. I caught myself wondhring if he would havre iunistad : a higher trice if he he t known of it. Curin's it nieadlars do fetch rsuch fancy sutns-ar.d wste price for a ght They appeared tobe auto manic eh?samen--automatic m a sense entrely their own. IHarig made my more, or halsvi hsd same. body else's more made for me. which is ir hrse the more exact way of nutting it. g eoutemrlated my antagonist. Whce he s?w whlat I 'had done, or what somebody else had done-the thin;sare equal-St. Servan frowne. He belongs to the bony variety, the people who would not loll in a chair to eare their eres-his aspect struck me as being even more poker-like than usual. He meditated his reply an un. concionablelength of time, the more uncon seionable since 1 strongly doubted if it would be his reply after all. But at last he showed signs of action. le kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the boad, his frown became uronouned, and he began to raise his hand. I write "began," because it was a process which took some time. Cautiously he brought it up, inch by inch. But no sooner had he brought it over the board than his behaviour became quite singular. He positively glared, and to my eyes seemed to be haring a struggle with his own right hand. A struggl!e in which he was worsted, for he leaned back in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. He hsd moved queen's rook's pawn two aluares-the automatic principle which im pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par tiality for pawns It was my turn for reflection. I press.. the tobahoe down in my pie, and thought-r tried to think-it out. Pss it an hallucination, and was St. Seran the victim of hallucination too? Had I moved tho-e pawns spontaneously, actuated hr the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't l' And what was the meaning of the little scene I had just observed? I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no sliht exercise of force to compel me to more one piece when I had made up my minl that I would more another piece instead. I have been told, and Ibelieve not altogether untruiy told. that the rigidity of myright wristresmbleks iron. I hare not spent so much .time in the tennis- court and fenciug.room for nothing. I had tried one experiment, I thought I would try another. I made up my mind that I would more queen's pawn two-stop me who stop can. I felt that St. Servan in his turn was watching me. Preposterously easy though the feat ap peared to be as I reolved on its performcance, I was conccious of an unusual degree cf cerebral excitement-a sort of feeling of do or (e. But as, in spite of the feeling. I didn't do. it was perhaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my rigbthand, probably to the full a. cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queer's pawn. I was just about to seize the piece when that unseeu grasp fasteneI t.u my wrist. Ipaused, with something of the feti'ng which induces the wrestler to pause h?iore entering on the veritable tug of war. F.r ore thing I was deirous to satisfo mwsdf as to the nature of the grasp-wbat it 'ias that rseemel to grasp me. It se.med to be a hand. The fingers went over the back of my wrist, andi th thumb -e. neath. The finers werelong ant thin-it :vas altoseetelr a slender hand. But it seemed to be a msn's',hnd, and an odmao's hoand t -Oeat The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On the little hger thhere -,-as a ring: and on the first joint, :her aippeared to beoi se.thm; g of the nue ur of a wart. I should say tha: it was :nmthinz but sa beautifulhal.t, it'was alto getther ioo atenuaned iand cta:. like, and I would have Lett, d that it was yellow wi??h ore. ot tit sthe pFresure was slight, sisoort as elight athe the touch of a baby's haund, with a gentle Inesination to one side. But as I kept my 'an hb end firm, stiff, reolved uponu mor own rortieu!ar more. with.ns itwece.a sud.en snap, the preseone ti'htehosd. andnot a httle to my li,:omfiture, I felt my wri't held as in an irmi v0ce. Then,.as it mu.t have seemed to St. Servan, who, I was aware, wa still keenly watchliug me, I bganl to straoge with ray own lanid. The p'cptac, might !s.ve ben :nn to linm, but the rei:ity wais, at that momen:t. Ir :it:ig but fuin to me. I o-is dragged tg one -ide. Another hand was fastened uspon inone. My fingers were forced open-I had tichtly cLinehed my tiat to entdle me better to re-ist ray wr-t rwas foreel down s, r fin'er were losed uosu a Iisce, I was ominc!!ed to t:ls,v' it f.sr 'ird` n r tin'er a ser un The move couoltetd, theoaea'n grasp i=t':utly r.!.edl and I was free, or appe:rl tI be fre, ags.in rto call mr han:l my ow. I had movedq:ueen'ee roolk's lpn:ntwo siuare. Thiso may s(em comic'1 enough to read iabout, hut it wr anythis ng but comicual to let. When the thin. was done I stared att S rt. ern. and . o Serrv? stared at me. Wlo stared at each other, 1 iupyae, a good long mieutc, then I Isrkak the pase. Luythin g thematters Iintuired. ie put up hisoassl and curlcr his moustache, and, Itf mlay .y so, he curlid hls lip asA well., " Do rou notio anytthing od. abuut--about the "ganes '* s I _ polke shout the game, I notioncd my hand tosard my s:rand-este se of chismen, ie looked at me with hard u piioue. eyes. " Is it a trick of yours'" he asked. " Is what a trick of mine ?" " If you do not knowi, then how should I ' Idrewaswhif or two from m itpe.lsokiig et him kenet all Iho time, theu 'ibgie ti:ard the bonr winlth mo hund. " It's your mo'e," I said. IOe morely inclined his hehl. There was a mom-nlat-' u -?se. Ohe' he sbtrelchil outtit hiadl he soiedonlty eian ceed it bock nginutnel half ttorted from his seat with a sied e?esr' tion. SDid you flo anything upon you;r wrat 1' "flos Dieu! It is notwhat I feloI-see thslt." Hle wa:s eyeing his wrist as he spoke. He I held it under the glare of the lamp. I bent across and looked at it. lor so old a man he had a ptetenn0rdlyl" white snd deliclat akin \--under toe glaro of toe lamp the imtprcriiots of finger moia wrct lainly raisible upon his oc'tat. I sebiesel as I sna them. "Isit i tariCo uri o t he asked agin. " It is certainly no trick of mine." " Is there any one in the room besides us I shrugged my shouldes and lookedroutd. C le, too, loobed roiuen, with_ somothmeg 1 thouegl not quite easy iti his glanee. Certlinly no one of my ocqualuknnce, and ,ertiinls no one who as visible to me." With his fair white hand-the left, not the I one which had the linger-marks upon the wrist -St. Seeran smoothed his huge moustache." "Some one or something hIas compelled me i -yes, from the first-to move, aot as I would, I bt-beah ! I know not how." ' b " Exactly thoseame thing has occurrel to t I laughed. St. Srvean glarcL Evidi ttly the humour of the thing did not occur to him, I he being the sort of man who would toraire a t surgical olpcrtion to maku him see a joke. But 1 the humorous side of the situation struek mw forcibly. "' e-hiap we are favoured by the pirsenet..f ag host--prhaps even by t?t ghost of M . Futirhon. Perhaps. titer atl, he has iot vet 1 played his last game with hisfavonuriteeet.L Tle mta have retuatod-shall we say from--where \--to try just onemoru set-to with us: It my dear Sir"-I waved my' pipe affably, as though addrnsing an unseen personage-"it is really you, I beg you will reveal younteof-materialisa s, I bellere, the olresasion now in vagne-and show as the sort of ghost you are " Somewhat to my serptrie?, and coniderably to my amus ment. St. Servan rose from his seat and stood by the table, stiff and straight as a seaffold pole. "These, Monsieur. are subjects ont which one does not jest." " to you, then, believe in ghosta?" t knew he was a supertitious man-witneas his fidelity to the superstition of right divine-but this was the first inkling I had had of how far his super stiion carried him. "" Believe -In ghnota S In what, then. do you believe? I, Monsieur, am a religious man." ,.Do you believe. then, that a ghost is present with tus now-the ghost, for testance, of M. Funchion '" St. Servan paused. Then he crosstal limself actually crowed himself before my etes. When he spoke there was a peculiar dryness in his tone. " With your permaiion, Monsteur, I will re tire to bee." There was an exasperatting thin to my! There must be a large number of men in the world who would give-well, a good round sum, to light even on the trail of a ghost And here were we in the actual presence of something let us eay aspparenty curious, at any rate, and here was art. Servau caulmly talking amut retiring to bee, without making the slightest attempt to exunmie the thiung It o? etnough to make the members of the P.ychiltl Research Society turn m their graves. The mere sug gestioet fired my bloal. "I do beg, St. Servan, that you at least will finish the game." I osw he hesitated. o I drove the nail well home. " Is it possible that you, a brave man, having given proofs of contage on countlels fields, can turn tail at what is doubt. ltes an hallucination after all " ' Is it that Monlsieur doubts my vcourage'~ I knew the tone--if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands. "Corne, St. Setrts;. -t dlowl and finish the gaome." .noth r momentary eptIte. He sat down, and-it would not be correct to write that we finished the ~ tme, but we made another ffort togo on. My pile had gone ont. I nrfilled ano lighted it. "You know. St. Servan, it i rseally nonsense to talk about ghosts." " It is a subject on which I never talk." "If something des comnpel us to make mt?ves which we do not intend. it is something which is tapahle of a natural explanotion." " Perhabps Monsieur will explain it. then ?" "I will. Before I've finibed : If you only won't turn tail and go to bed: I think it very poeible, too. that the inttuence, wehtevrr it has gone-it s quite on the orde that our imagnnation has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, but before you do anything just tell me what more you mean to make." " I will move"-he hesitated--" I winl move queen's pawn.'" ie put out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hycturical suddenness, he morad king's rook's pawn two squaeres. I" So . Our friend is still here then ? I sup po?e you did not change your mind ?" There was a very peculiar look ab?ut SL S-rvan's eyes. " Idid not change my mind." I noticed, too, that his lips were uncRm manly compressed. " t is my move now. I will move queen's porawn. Wearenotdonoyet. Whenlputoutmy hand you grasp my wrist-and we shall ase what we shll see." " Shall I come round to you?" " No, stretch out across the table-now : I stretched out my hand; that instant he stretched out his, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be. another, an unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too. " There appears to be another hand between yours and mine." " I know there is." Before I had the words well out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers naclted. and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn two sqluare. St. Servan and I at stating at eachother. For my part I felt a little bewildered. "This is very cnrious: Very cnrious in deed ! But before we say anything about it we will try another little eapenment, if you don't mind. I will come over to you." I went over to him. t" Let me grasp oeur wrist with both my hands." Igrasped it as firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to more ccuen's pates." HIe bem to raire his hann. I holding on t? his wriatswith all my strenoth. Hardlr had he rai,·e it to the level of the table when two un ,~c-n hlmds, gra.sping mine. trie them away as though m' strength were of no account. I saw him give a sort of shudder-he had moved queen's bihiops's.rpwn two stuares. ' This i devil o a ghost,'' I sild. ':. Servan aid nothing: but he crossed hin.el not once. but half a dozen times. "' iere is still one little erperiment that I would wish to make." St. Servan shook his head. " Not I:" he said. '" A, but, my friend. this is an expariment w:hich I can make without your aid. I simply wa"t to khow if there is no:'.ng tauni:ble abiu? oeuvr tunien visitor eixlet his hanls. It is my mvuse.' I returned to my side of the table. I aain adidresed myself, as it were, to'hn on re n auditor. ".3M good ghost, my good M. Fut.ichon--if it is you-you are at liberty to d-. as you d*eire with my hand." I held it out. it :nostntl' was grasya-L With mr left hoand I matl, sroed cusP n in the air ui and dow:, behind anud bef?:?, in ever.y direr tion, to far as I could. It met with rno re:.? r:ace. There seemed to be nothing tancible but thoa, invisible fimnrers which grasped omy wr st-and I L.I moved qluen's bishop's patew two s lueres. St. Servan roe frcm his seat. ' It is enough. Indeed. t is too mu, i. This ribaldry must cease. It ihad been better had Monsieur permitted me t.: retire to bed." "IThIen you are sure it is a ghost--the ohcde of I,. Fu~chen, we'll say." '" This time ltoneieur must permit :;:e to w.rth hism .s good nighllt's reat." IIe bestowed on me, as his manner was, a stilf inctlin:ion of t h head. which would hawc .le a e:raager to csuppae that we had met eic, othur for the tnts tine not tct mincutes 1o, instead of being the setualntancs of tw'lre god rearse. He mloved acrs the room. 'St. Soeran, oce tmoaEnt before yo- eo be1 are urely nat .ing to le:ve a nian alonue at tnie etot ofter:l." "I't s better that ters:lter should come too." " Half a sec?nd, anl I will. I hae ontly one remnarkto make, and that is to the ches:.t' I rose from my seat. St. Servin made a half- morvemcnt towaard the door. then chanzed his mind and remained quite stitt. '" If there is any other p?rson with us in the roomn mayI ak ithlat Irercna tlet ?us hear hi' voice, or It-sr" Just to ?':t' one wourd." Natoa soune. "It is possible-- am ac-quainted with the lawswelich?oen - eh-ghosts--thatthe faculty of s??ch is denied th thec. If that be so, might I oak for the favour of a sio --for instance, moe a pyiece wrhile my friend and I are stasdlng wher e we are." Note a ?I ; not bchs.man moert. "Thea, t. Funiehon, ii in.-ead it be von, ondoel. you are incapable of speech or eceit of movuct a piece et your own accor, and are only able to spcil our geme. I beir to inform you that. you are sn euceedingly ill-msanaered asd fo!Lish teron, and had fer better have staid away." As I said this I wals conaious of a current of cald air before my fae, as Itoegh a swiftly. moaing hand had shartel my eeks "LBy Jove. St. Servran, something las happened at last. I beHieve our friend the ghost has tried to bo my ears I'" St. eerva's reply came quietly stern. " I think it wer'e better tlht Mnasieur cse s with me." . For some relas:n St. Seran' eltmost .oan. temnptuous coldnes firxed my blod. I became udety eunrgedi.s " shall do nothing of the kind ! De you thinkI amn ging to be fooled by a trulesery I anojuring t-ik whIch would dOrt-,ee a sitlling etance? Driven tobe?dat this time of day by a ghcst! cAendech a ghbttl- If it wer some. thingtte a ehoLst one wo-ldu't mind; buta foolt af a gheat like this i" Even as the words passed my lip I alt the I touch of fingers aginst my threat, The touch ineerad my rags. I sn.tehed at them, only to find that them was nothing there " anmn you!" Icried. "Funichoan, you old fool, do you thminkthat yon an frighten mer You .ee throse .he ma : they aro, miss, b-nght and paid for with my moayl--n-ou dare to try and prevent me sying witl them exactly ast please." Again the touch against my thra?t. It made m eragethe more. " As I lv. 1 will nsmsh tlbeu all to ecs. aod Fgrind theln to powder benralth my hei!." My peasiou was ridiculous-childist. even. But then the eircuanntauem were eaasperating \--unusuallso, one emigt plead. I uwsstm?is ing three onrfnurfeet from the table. I dashed forward. As I did so, a hand was fastened on emy thtaL Instantly it was joined by another. They gripp*d ate tightly. They maddened me. With a madman's fury I stl prermed forwnertd. Smirht e wellhare fought with fate. They clutched me an with band of steel. and flung me to the ground. IIL When I reeovered conuciousnese I found St. erran hemading overme. "What is the matter '' I inquired, when I found that I was lying on the floor " Ithink you must have fainted." "Fainted. I neverdidsuch a thing in my life. It mut haeh ben a curious kind of faint, I think." " It was a curious kind of faint." With his assistance I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered. I glanced round. There were te t e hesmen still upon* the board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to epeak. I seemed to hrave lot theVusa of 'ny tongue. In ileuce he helped me to the door. tIIehlf led, half carried mo-for I seemed to have lest the ue of my feet as well as that of my tongue-to my berlrom. ite even anisted me to undress, unver leaving me tllI was between the oheets. All the time not a wored was spoken. When he went I believe he took the key outside and locked the door. That wan a night of dreams. I know not iI woe awake or sleeping, but all sorts of strgo things presented thmselves to my mental eye. I could not shut them from my sight. One figure was prominent in all I awl-the figure of a man. l knew, or thought I knew, that it was f. Funichon. He was a lean old man, and what I notied chiefly were hif hands. Such ugly hands! In some fantastical way I seemed to be contending with them all through the night And vet in the smorning when I woke-for I did wale up. and that frnm as sweet, re fre?hing sleep as one might wish to have-it was all gone. It was bright day. The saun was hining iuto the grat, ill-funSrtihed room. As I got out of hied and began to drewss, the humotous side of the thing had returned to me again. The idea of there being anything supernatural about a set of ivory che?smen ap Ipared to me tob% extremely funny. I fmeld St. Serean had gene out. It was ac:sullyi half-past ten: Ills table d'hite at ti. italtel de Bretagrn was atleveren, audbefore e brteakfasteat he ,lsaays tick a p:e'it rerrr at the club. If he had locled the door overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before he started. I went into the rambling, baurn-like rcom which serred ts for a coo,-. The chess men had disappeared. Probably St. Serva had putthemawa --I wondered if the ghost had Interferedwithhim. I lauglhed to mselfast wsnt out - fancy St. oervan contending with a ghost. The proipriletor of the Hatel de Bretagne e Ltgitimst, so all the aristocrats dine there of eoenur, St Servan with the rest, because. pre sumablyh , thelandlord's politica are congenial. As to hi coaking it is apparently teetf ferent-T nrrer knew a woreo table in aln my life! The landlord of the [itedl de l'Europe may bu a Communist for all I care -his ookeng is firt-rate, ao I go there. I went there that morning. Aft?r I had brchakf tedl I atrelled off toward the a;rnuds irue, to M. Bobineau. When he saw me, 3. obinean was anil smirks and smils-bhe must have got those chessmen foritis than fire-und-twenty franes! I asked him if he had any more of te belonhgings of IM. Funichon. " But certainly: Three others sets of chess teen." I didn't want to look at those, apparently one set was quite enough for me. Was that all he ad . '" But no! There was an ancient bureau, very tmagoificent, carved-" I thatnked him-nor did I want to look at that. In the Grando Rue at Morlaix old bureaus earved about the beg?nntng of thi fifteenth century-if you listen to the vendors- are as plentiful as coblestones. ' But I have all sorts of things of tM. Funichon. It was I who bought them nearly' all. Books, a.papers, and-" h. Bo ineau waved hi. hands toward a mul. titude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at the side of hs aho. I took a volume down. When I opened it f found it was in Smanuscript. "That work is uniqne!" exclaimed Bobi l "cau. "It was the intention of Mf. Funichon to give it to the world, but he died before his par pose was complete. It is the record of alt the game of che he ever played-in fifty volumes. Mensieur will perceive it is unique." tI should think it was umoque! In fifty volumes ! The one I held was a lrgeo quarto. iound in leather, containing osome six or seen hundred pages, and was tilled from cover to cover a with matter in a fre, clear handlwiting. written on bo,th sides of the pase. I pictured the face of the publisher to whom it was suggested that he should give to the world uch a work as that. I opened the volume at the first page. It was, as iohineau oaid. aniparctily the record, with coam pents, of an interminablte seriesoi satmeof 1 chess. I glancedat the initial game. iere are: the opening moves, just as they were given there:- Qerti s Knigctas Pawn, one saqire. King's Kniýht'a pawu, one sluare. Queen??a Rook's Pawn. two squares. Kitg's itook's awn, two s l-:ree. t i.ec. Q:,,,?,n's Kn-:ghtt' Pawn, one slUa-,e. u-It?'s Knight's Pawn, one sluare. Queen'a Rosk's Pae n. twa srlsare. King's Rook's Paws, two equains. They were exactly the mores of the night before. They were such lecular moves and made under such peculiar ecrcu rtances that I was se.arely likeiv t,. mistake them. Si far as wte hal one, St.:vcrvm and I, as.isted l the uasn ýnid. had reproduced MI. Fu'aienon's ini:ial game in the first volume of li fifty-and a very peculiar game it sCemed to be. 1 asked lohbie?eau what he wueldl take ifr the volume which I held. *' Monsieur perceives that to part them woueal spoil the act, rhich is unique.' Monsieur shall have the whole tiity"-l shuddered. I imagine l3 sbinrou raw I did, he spoke so very quickly "'fir a tive-franc piee, which is less than the vau!? of the ipaper and the bindino." Sknew then that ho had probably teen paid for .e-ting the rublish away. IIowever, I paid him his five-franc piece, and ma chel off with the volume under my arm, giving hirm to under stand, to his erident dG:iolipentmenet, that at mr leisure I would give Lima ictrutotior c as to the other fortr-nite. Ao I went along 1 thoight the matter over. 1.? Funichoh sem ltoiohavebcen a sinedasr kins of man-he aypeayl to have carried his sinsgulanrity even bevonl th! e rave. Could it haiie bevtothe Cold-blooded intention of his ghost to moke us play the atwho!e cotento of the fity volume throuh? What a fieend oi= ghost hi. Sgho.t must be I pisened the volume and otudiiel the initial g0oe. The Ieople were right who had said thant the manwas mad. None bult an imbecile would hae laredsuChgame- hisrightthand againot his lelt -and nne but a r?ain= -nedman would have recortded his imbecility in black and white, asthoughit were a thing to b roudof ! Cer taiuly nosls hbut a rimirllun::tic w';uld have ende-avourl to foift his puerile travesty of the Ig-ao and stuny of cheas utcoa two innocent Stmil, the thng wras curious. I fattered ma self that St. Servan wourld l startled when he saw the contents of the bhask I was crrring home. I re-olved that I would inotantle get' out the cheosemen and begPn a nother game-perhaps the ghbot of Sf. Funi chon would favour us with a further rexapition of his ideas of things. I even matd i np my mind that I would mmunicate with the Psychieal Srseorrch Soeiety. -?ot at nlt improahbly thee might thins the l .ce raut rentl eremarkabletouson dowon a member ot their body to inquire into th3 thing upon tho spot. I ulnmot thgan to hug mys-lf on the pcosoaies of a ghost, a-ghest. too, which might beiunduved to peeform t will--?lmost on ahe principle of "srop a coin into the slot and the figures move!" It was cheap at a hundred francs. Wnlt a stir tho.e e'eamen still might make! What vexed probleos theo might solve! t'nle*s I was much mistaken,' the ex penditure of those hundred frases had placed me on the royal road to immortalitr. Filled with such thoughts I crochet our rooms. I found that t. Serv:an had returned. With him, if I may say so. he hd brought his fncn. Sucn irilend! Ye Gsoshis \hen I oprened the door the first iting that greeted me was a strong, not to say mutfocating, smell of incene. The room was ofilledr with esmoke. Afire 'mc slninr on thekesrth. ioefore it wa St. Surran sin his kneen, his hunts lasped in front f him, in an attitude of prayer. tIy him stood a primt in his robes of sier. te held what seemed a peesle and mortar, whose eou teoto he woo throwing by handftsls into the flm~e, muttering stme dggerel to hikeelf the while. BehiNdwrre two acolytes, With sice relaio sand nice white sl.o., who were swingig ceneera-henMe the odourl which ftilled the rom. I we.: sarprlisae when Ibee'.iallthis. Thee appeared to be holding some sort of religious "ervae-- and I had not bargained for thart sort of hing when I hel arranged with St. Servan to share the rooms with him. In my surprise I uncrnsciously in terrupted the proceedings. "St. Sern ! Whatever is the meaning of this? St. Servan looked ap and the priest looked round-that was all the attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I con. eire4 to be a gim opon their faces. But I wvnu't to bo put down lIhe that. SI must ask you, St. Servan, for an explana tion." The priest turned the mortar upside down and emptied the remainder of its contents into thle fire. "It is finished, " he said. St. Seran re from his knees and crossed himself. "We have exorcised the demon," he oh. served. " You have what F" I asked. " We have driven out the evil spirits which possessed the chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck me. " You don't mean to say that you have dared to play tricks with my property 0" "Bfonsietr," said the priest, I have ground it into dust." le had. That fool of a St. Servan had ac tumlly fetclhed his parioh priest, and his onolytes and their rencrs, and betweoen them they had performed a comminatory service made and provided for the drivinr out of demons. They had ground my irory clessmen in the pestle and mortar, and then burned them in the fre. And this in the days of the Psycehical Research Society ! And they had cost me a hundred frncs s! And that iLiot of a ghost had neveor stretched out a hand or said a wgrd.--Te orn-. hill .tfogazini. 