ROMANTIC IRELAND. [By Rosa Mulholland.] As our old places in Ireland become vacant, charming places, whether resi dences merely, homes once happily and proudly inhabited, or whether historic lands, the site of storied ruins, sacred to the memory ot saint or hero, or wide estates giving lordship over a numerous tenantry—as the old owners disappear through death,misfortune,or the gradual deeayof families—itis found exceedingly difficult to get new owners for such property. Distinct evidence of this truth has come before us during the last few days, when two very interest ing properties were put up for sale by auction. One was Kilcroney, a de lightful spot in the county of Wicklow, the residence of the late Mathew Darcy, who expended £50,000 on beautifying the house and its surroundings. For this ideal dwelling there was no bid, no sale, and its only hope of a future master lies across the water, and is centred in the attraction felt towards it by some Irish-American, who has written letters of enquiry concerning it to the agent. With ail the longing which Irish exiles feel for the old country, however, we seldom hear of the return for good of those who have succeeded in becoming wealthy abroad to make their home among the mountains and valleys which they have not seen since the days of their childhood except in their dreams. In county Wicklow we have one American living in Killiney Castle, an old house in a hollow on the very summit of Killiney Hill. Let us hope that another will shortly appear to become master of beautiful Kilcroney. Also was offered for sale on the same day the old romantic ground of G-len dalough, the scene of St. Kevin's penance and Kathleen's tragic end. Glendalough has seemed so completely the property of the poet and the romancist that many will be surprised to think of it as a piece of land to be bought and sold. It is startling to hear of the round tower, the seven churches, the lake of the gloomy shore, and St. Kevin's rocky bed, all with a price on their heads, ticketed and labelled like pictures in an exhibition, waiting humbly for a bid under an auctioneer's hammer, and, worBt of all, going at last so cheap that only for the mines in the neighborhood of tower and ruin, lake and mountain, it may be supposed that they would not have gone at all. So much for the glories and sanctities of the past in a country where money is scarce and labor is poorly paid. The land went for merely the value of the mines, and scenery, history, legend, and romance were all thrown in, with the round tower and ruins, which are only " worth a song " Will some rich Australian come across the sea to build a castle in beautiful Glenmalure, and make himself master ot the enchant ments of G-lendalough ? The pale, stern ghost of St. Kevin among the dangerous rocks, the forgiving spirit of Kathleen gliding, smiling, across the fatal tide are features ot interest not to be purchased for money with every delightful demesne. The scenery, for beauty alone, is worth a heap of Australian gold. When the sun sets behind Glenmalure, where is there purple so royal as mantles tfcese hills in their autumn heather, or gold so red as is banked in the clouds above the mountain's shoulder. There may be lead and copper in the mines, but on the hills and in the valleys are gold and amethyst, and ruby and sapphire, treasure for the eye and the imagina tion worth ten times told all the dross in the Bank of England. Do come, good Australian, and bring your pros perity to these lonely highlands, make the storied valley your pleasure ground, the round tower your Bun-dial, and lesson your soul from the sacred stones which saints once piled together. But I beg you to permit no vulgarity to follow in the train of your wealth. A noble homestead, a brave and generous master, would greatly improve the splendors of this solitary landscape, but the spirit ought to be simple and unworldly that comes to light up a hearth under these rainbowed heavens. —London Register. The Late Father Anderdon.—The death of Father Anderdon, S.J., once an Anglican minister, removes from the ranks of English Catholics an interesting figure. He was a nephew of Cardinal Manning, and was born in London, December 26, 1816. In 1853 he was ordained prifest, and from 1856 to 1864 he labored for Irish education in the Catholic University. He entered the Jesuit Order in 1874. Father Anderdon, like his nncle, was a warm sympathiser with the Irish poor. He gave proof of his sympathy in a remarkable way on one occasion daring his term of office in the Dnblin Catholic University. Daring his residence there the celebration of the Prince of Wales's wedding took place, and there was the asaal loyal display on the part of the Garrison and the Castle shopmen. Father Anderdon saw the mockery of the illuminations, and he sent to the Dublin Morning News, then edited by Mr. A. M. Sullivan, the following letter:—" My dear Sir—As a quota towards the comfort of oar sufferers amid rejoicings in which no one has given as reason to share, and in order that the demonstrations may not glare on them with too obvious a mockery, please to apply the enclosed £10 to the relief of the poor in Dublin, from yours very sincerely, W. H. Anderdon." The only comment made by the editor on this significant and, nnder the circumstances, courageous act,vwas that it was " characteristic." 