NOVELIST. My Lady's Revenge. By E. GARRI~ISON .JONES. -+++~-- COIAPTI?Ii II .--(o(arOTIU ) "That's a good uANwer, Joeil," he repliesa, "your wits are no brilght an your eyea. My bueinelb il to oil these bhauket; they most eil go by sunset. I'vo got one at home for you, though-and 'tis a beauty. Maty I come d?wnu tonight and bring it, Jooio 1" " No, I shall be buoy to.night; come to morrow, and weno can go to vaopero to "So we can," he anneorad, with another Ilashing emile. "I'll come ; and as you won't tell me what briogn you hero, I'll say good day and good-bye." " Godbye, Leonard." But ho turne back wistfully, his pretty wicker work swaying on his handeomn .toad. "Those are pretty blossoms, Josie," ho ejae, pointing to the violets in her baeket. " Would you mind giving me juet one ?" "They are not mino-they are for a lady," abie answers; but whilo she speaks she breake off a little cluster and extends them to him. " Kiss them frat, please," he says, with a eort of gay audacity, " and they'll keep fresh until to.morrow." "S-' -iid J sic, cltinkin;a t Il e Cu ] in Itcr hand, ri(E lle the key, anld yun a ull IIvY thew"·· *10110 poull, ana tol: ca Ier ulaou ourl, out after somOe ittle domurring., bei places the violoit to her rosy mouth, and then puts them in his band. " Now take them, you silly boy, and run away and sell your baukete." liI touches thone with his own lips, sota them in his bosom, and hurries down thhoho attect,witha fragment of song bursting from hir happy young heart. Josio stands a mlinute looking alter him, thenl who tarts off oni a tuu, 1a 0I uvor boP i 1t1 nuo roao onalo 1U looksiith's door. Tho old man site on a littered bench, in the centre of his dingy shlop, a hugo leather apton coveriog him from breast to foot,ashe tinkers away on some bits of bright steel. lie looke up, alertly, from under his bushy brows, as Jouio darkena the door. " Ah, my child I" he says, in a hoarse, cleaking voice. " I've como for the key," said she, advano. ing a atop or two into the room. IH eyes bhr lskance, with a wicked omilo ntll li thill old lipo. " What if it isn't done 1" he says. "But you promised it should be done; I "wsl to got it this morluig I" returns Josio, withll rieieg angos. " So, so, but I'vo ohanged my mind," chlluklea the looksonitl. "Ilathor risky work making keys fromn wax patterns, for Iirlu like you. What do you want with the ley r" "I shan't tell you ; that's my business, not yours I" storms Josio, with blazing black eyes. " You've mado the key; lot mo have it at once." " Vhat a pluoky littlo thing we are l" h11 replies, o)iug her with admiration. "No ooimmon blood shiuing in Quclh eyes as them. Ye'll turn out to be u quon's daughter ouo o' theoO days." "No matter what I turn out; give me the hey." T'ho old man ushkes bis hlid. "I shun't niake nothing by the job," le says, "a1 d I ain't .a-'o°ii o' to ltin ril i ." Joti,,' heart throbu with a )Ioi iblo lear of 1dia1ipointmEnt. 'To fail now ouuld almuouL kill liher. " Sco hero," she nayo, cominlg close to its side, "you Hbhull have theiN for tIle job." She dives lir diliiledl, brown lhand into thie pocket of her )pint frock, anid bring upI twio bhiukiog pieceono gold, lHergotdmntheri ave heIr on' tih day oI' w'si cl iiiened, and the other wao thrown to hur froml the car. ringo ofa vranid IEgliti lady, when the treets of aMoulins wYero gay with some great fetivaol. " see," hie nayi, cbinkiig them in Ih, halnd, "giov me the lily, and you inll lhaove tbliro." 'Tho lookumith looks at them with greedy eyes. " Gi' 'rem here, theou," hie ?aya, irctrohiu, out hi i akinny hand. iveo i oU the Ioy firol," rutoLrt Joulo, hlrevidly. lie bubbloe acro!, t., noa old cheat, and takeo it from hllneo. "lIer, theou," lie 'vayi, putting it in her hand, i, cyca otill dLvouring the gold " take it." Jonio takes it, but heo does not relinguieh hier monoy. o" Noa ive me the cake of wax," sheo omouooida. T' lneo toUmith fluttooo nolrily, but ho prudtoee the bit of woite wax. Sh o com pares the imnpress with the hey, and oseeml sni.tfiod. "Now," elo continues, lipping both in her pocket, " promise woe to beep your tongue, aid I'll proiiso to keep nmine." ''Tin a bargain," nssents the looesmith; and she ohinko her two golden piecea into hii greedy patolm and hoarri out. Jouio ltoe reached homo ond faced lier scoldiong from tho dame with silent uendur ance, andl received a smart box on lier olcht, in tho bnrgoin from that buoy dfmo for idling away her time. But iow, at last, the weary Saturday work is well over, ond shoe gives lier glowing face a hurried wash, bruetos back tier black ourla, jumpw into a clean frock, and horriea across IthI olive vale in the dircttion of Mount Cllteaouroux, Sho sees the mad folks swarming down the great walk as she reachou the iron gate ; but Jacquoo in sitting under a tree, mouking Ilia inovitablo pipe, and he admits her with out delay. With her fragrant violets in liher hand, sheo walks slowly on, peering about her with oharp, quick glanoces. The mad folks Ilook about her, somo singing, 000oe laulhin;g, some bowing with imposing diglnity; but nowhere amid the motloy throng does shlo see Bees. Sho puts her hand in her pooket and holds the little shining key tight, with an awful fear at her heart, What if the poor lady does not coma out to-day. She strolls on till she is quite near the lunint, dismal front of the building, and then ho loohks up and eaou the French mad dootor coming down from the stone terraceo, with Bean on his arm. She looks dreadfully white and ill, and al. most reels as she walks ; but she spies Jonio below, and makes a faint, swift gesture with her left hand. Josio site down under a huge tree, a little aside from the walk, and waits in flarao im patience. They como down from the terraco, and walk slowly out int thei grounds, and pro ently the doctor ontad bht patient to a seut. Io is a small, wiry man, with a face that reminds one of a ferret, and while poor Doea leans back in the rustic seat and puts hier thin hand, to her whitoe face, lie walks up and down, with his hands behind him, and his small, gleaming oyes looking in all diroc lions, on it seams, in the same moment. Josio waits till she can enduro the delay no longer. Thn shabe gets up, and with her violets in her hand, goes straight across to the spot where the mad dootor stand,. Ho nows liher for the keeper's daughter, and node at her in quite a friendly fashion. "Pleaseo, Dr. Lenoir," says Joeie, looking straight into his faoo with her bright, oear. less eyes, " may I go and give that poor sick lady over yonder those violoto 1" Ie looks att her laird, but her eyes do not falter. Then he reachen forth, and taking the violets from liher hand, examines them closely. They oonutin no dangerous lotters, no sharp instruments, no false keys or burglnr'a tools; so le nods his assent, and 1J0ie tualts them, and hurries away to the poor lady's aide. " I've brought you somno more oiotolu,"oho ays, sitting down beside her, and putting the flowers in her hand. Beass locok up, her poor, wistful eyes pitiful to see, lier ace as white a, death. "Heaven blesi you I ' oho f.ltclrs. Th2n her voice fails, and with a alioking cub sho drope her face down upon the fragrant bloseomn. Josic catches her arm, and gives it a sharp pinch. " Try to be calm," eho whiopere; "the mad dootor is louking. Tiy not to betray yoease.l." I am ill-i thought I was dying lasot night-but I can't ice; and I stall never got away from this horrible place I"monna poor oeoe, in a childish way. Jouie looks at her, with flreo impationce in her black eyes. " Why, what a woak creaturo you aral" she rays. ooonteoptuouoly. " You'll ruin all if you go on in thin way. I toll you the mad doctor is watching us. Can't you hold up your head, and stop crying 1 Here, talk about something. Seeo thseou leaves; let' make a wreath of them." She gathers a handful of leaves from the nearelebranch, and begins to astont them, and poor Bean, commanding herself by a great tffort, makes a feeble show of interest. Meanwhio thoe mad dootor walks up and down, hie slender, nervous hands behind his back, hie keen eye takinog note of overy thing around him. But he deteots no 0 igao of treachery, and at last hIr strolls away to another part of the grounds, and B3se and her young compatoiuu were left to them selves. " l'vo got the key,"sany Joeie, in her ourt, decided way, "and you are to unloek your celland try to gut out into thi grounds after midnight. I hall boatthero " But she stops short, for Bets, utterly overonme by the ?aur prorpect of liberty, utters a faint gasp, and reeld back into her sent. Joeio'o anger flaooe up. TIho girl, youUlt an she is. it s0 a onndrouuly ovelopot d, oo strong, so ofearless, on onduriol;, that osu has little pity or patience for more feominine weakness. " Now faint if you like," sihe says, asorn fully, "and l'll go homo and leave you. If you're not strong enough to gain yourliberty, you don't deserve to have it." She turnson her heel, and walks down the avenuo in the direction of the gates. teos sitso tunned on instant. Then oul. prohendtog what has happened, slo leaps up anddarts after her. "Oh, for moroy'o hake," she implores, catching hold of the girl's arm, " don't leave mot" Jouio turns back on the instant, and the tears rise in her eyes at the eight of the piteous, suffering face. " You must be oalm and strong, then," she nayo; "you'll betray yourseol if you don't. Now, look at me. You won't faint or soream, will you?" "No, indeed; I'm strong now," erios lieet, making a piteous ollort to steady her shakinig limbs. " Then here's the key," eontinues Josio, britging it up from the depths of her pokoet., and slipping it into Beuss' hand. " Hold it fant, and be sure you don't lot it be see0n. Now walk along, and listoen to what I toll you." Bess hides the shiuinig key in her bosom, just above her poor, throbbing heart, and walhk alonges by bur young friouol'o sBide, with tile mvet oobuldieono of a child. " You are to mako the attempt to-night," rcsuoeoio Josio, walkiog, and pIretending to gather leaveo for her garland, " niter you heor thello idnight bull Otriloe--say an hour after--becauso papa goca on duty at mid. niIhto, -And he woill htelp o, I think. " Out you oiouet woiatoo for a gool timoe, whlen everyone i0 still, nid irolock your cell door and Olip out. Tlilo key always stays in tleo big door at thu ond of tile long uorritlor, nlld yoll nlust ellomotk Ibtat, anod uet out no oilertly 0s you an,. I'll be at tohe foot of th aunteroi tlrtot, 0u0l00or tle ivy, to noeet you, Now, lo you tlhink you can be ,ltooot, und go " Ye,, L'd do anyohloiog to g1t out of this iplae,,." 0" W llo, oro co0i0e0 Itpsn, and it io his looor to toO hOoioo, (ioold-boC." htuo o ldl: oot h10er dlotlodt trooown hand,o andd Dljeso o UnI P0) it 00d coveOs it with " louaveno will rewardt yo)ou '" sheo faltere. lot, t, llll hi 0eei the nm dt dooLur coining l ut0 nogailo, alld hulrits oway. ci01Al'i't,1t XIV. "I asould like to tno. wohat's oomeo over that iirl I Look at her, Jecqueo I Tllio i the third tiome sho's bounced up from tlo Inl t o tulln tho le widy.r and el ro out. And it eomte of her gaddin' iu to Ithat old onmdhuuen o muich. I tell ye,.lnequet, ithat'u whai t aile hor, and nothin' clue, and a atop muot bo ptL to it." Dauo Ferrie delivered thli rather indig. itnt outburot no she sot at uipper with her hueband, on the calfseamo ufternoonl upon whichl our last chllpter closen. "Iluub, dame," responded stolid .aeques, enlping himaelf to another howl of por ridle; ''don't lot your tongue rttn away with your witln. Wlht hoarru can como of thie lnn walking under tho Lreena it Mount OChateau ,oux ; orny hnin't ? atlchtin' diecaee, no ever I've hoard. If 'twne, my witn would han' beenr onolo 1ngo ne I'm ll thinkinl'." Jtust then Jolio draws in her onrly head, and turns to her fCther, with Ilushed aboh?el and ey?u nil nlotitter. ' fll e fur rlc,' ll) lmrl Ikw, catich" sripl, o0 says, ' I neo ie coarriage froum Nivernoia Court coming( down tlh lane." " Well, little one, 'tain's lilily it's coming bore," replies Jacques. " We don't have visitorn from Nivernois Court." " Sit down and eat that bowl ot porridge," oommandu the dame, severely. Josio is nn obedient girl, and sli loves thii stern, sensible "dame," eo she begins to oat her porridge with that vigor of will whil in lior great charaoteristio. Iut the clatter of hoofs and wheoln in tle yard very noon putl an end to the frugal evening moal. Jacques starto up from the table and runs to the door, followed by his wife, but Joeio hangs back, will an eager look in her eyes, and a vivid bloom on her round checks. It il tlioua rriogo trom Nivernois Court,and nmil theo illion cushions site Lord St. Aubyn himself. IHe lana out and looks inquiringly about, and hin eyes catch eight of Joeio, who ihas approached the window. She nods and makes a swilt and ailoat geIture. " Now, my good friend," speake out tho maiquis, asnured by her gesture that nil is right, and addrosiug Jancques, who standa bareheaded and natonialshe bleoro him, "can you give mo your attention for a low minuteols I I you can, I think I hIavo ome thing to nuggest that may prove a benfit to us both." " I am at your Eolvico, liy lord," roplieo Jaclucr. " Can't you ask biu lordallipo to gt down, and walk in?" criou the daum,ro. provilngy. " I suppose I might. My lord, will you get down and noiuo in?" " No," r'plies hin lordehip, blandly. " You just atep up hero and take n soat behiso ine, and iw'll drive out towardu Bount LChatau roux, and you shall hear what I1 Ihav to aay oni thC way." Jacqines leapn up, and io soon seated upou the illion ouehione, in rathlr a dubious manner, and the grand canliage, with its blooded bays, rolls olowly awaiy. The dams hladles her oeos with her hand and loond onriousldv alter it. " Now what does linl lordhhip want, I'd like to hknul 7" he muntlire. "A? d teu to one Jacqioue won't let la word out when hoe oomea houle, be is no clou-nioitlled." Jupei watellie thel handsome equipago, too, and when it di.ialp'rBlll, roul into the housr, with a lushiled tace, and baeins to gather up the supper dialbic in ai coner and excited manner, that confirm thi, dlamu in her idea that "'razy" is a cathilg onalady. Meantime the Nivoruuin carriage nears thle grelt iron gates of the madhouse, and Lbird St. Aubyu gazes out towards the grim tur reta with a strange tlhrill, half horror, hall blisslul exleotation, lit his heart. Can it be true that the little girl that he loved, no be shall never love another living woman, lnu guinhed a prisoner in that horriblo place? It inust be all a delusion. Lady Caaaandra could never havo done suob a heartless deed. But ho must go on-ie must see the and of it. IIt turns to the wondering peasant at his aide. "Now, my man, to eoomn to the point it once, would you like to ouhange your occupa tion ?" "Yes, my lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, unhuiltaitngly, lijt lordship nods upprovingly. " Well. I want a head groom at Niveraoio Court. You understand ahout hreaas? Vory well, whatever your pay is, I'll dohble it. Will that do?" Jacques loohk up, amuazed. " My lord, you are very Iind-" " No," interrupts St. Aubyn, " I want you to dio oe a fuvor, and this is ono of mly in. duo.amentp. lIbre i another." Ilo takis fromn his pookat a green silk purie, ll! o tho tio clasl withll ilttering gold, anil pjll it in theo ciller'j bhando. '* Now," lie sayn, bhforo the man has bad time to spelak, " 'I'll I.aulo ly favor, my good follow. I've at frind up theor" ipoining townrdn the dark turrlai of tle rntliliou~e--" a dear friend. Sho's a dell- I atle, tonder girl"-lin voiao HlialingR--"and slo was pledged to bo my wife. ''They told ome silo died, and for two years I've mourned for her. To-day I lind ihoe' ill ther--nut imad, mind you, but a prisoner, buried alive." llo otopa and wipoe the great drops from hin asolin brow, while .lncquea stares at him in jonder. "Now," contienues St. Aubyn, "I might demannd hcr--loroo them to give her upi to me; but that takes titme, you see, and would nauas trouble and delay. All this I must avoid, nud I mlust hlave eor out this night. Will you help nme 1" S"What can I do?" inquires Jaoqueo, help leanly. " Let thl gato ronmin open to-night, only for a hlort time, and shut your oycu and earn to allyou eeo and hear. The rest will be managed by othcr. So take the gold, iand keep it for a marriagie.porion for your pretty, blok-eyed daughter. You'll do it-a deed of neroy ?" ,Jaoques mues It nonlont, hiii oyen oil the plethorio purse, Ilia brain buay with Juaio's future; then ho lookn pll, and answera Utoutly : " Yen, my lord, I'll do it." S" Spolon like a inla I Alld when do you ooln? to live it Nivtnrloia Court " "The first of Ltho month, lily lord." " Very well. Drive mu baok, nou , Ed. waFrds," The oarriageorullo boaol the way it come, and Jllacqua gto olut at hiq own door. , For , lony'ns hrao, huubland, wlha did hii lordship want ?" urioe the dame the insantol lihe Lolori the liohae. "Nolling," r"sovoindil J?cimllo. qoiolly, Sollly wo'r anoingo to Nivernoii (ourt ilie lirnt of the ilmonth." "To livoe " excitedly Plhrlis tile nimaied ,Ic Uas onily nods; bhlt Joeio oan rea.l hin fi c like a book, and la 1s e001 that ill in riilht. A preat, hIonro bell, in one of tile ia li turrets ofl [ouont Chateauroux, tolhl for lild night. iilenco nil of th grav roeigl witlin and around thie qucr old plnoe, A iulitary lthat laces thlu dlr linl, uo crll, laut thl doorm rer all to tronglly and so eeourely looked, and the1 inumten have been ?o ad mirfbly traied under thu rule of Dr. JLnoir, that no outbreak or attempt to escapo is on. tioiptnld, and it is no unt:Onil thin;b for thefi Ilunrd of the hour to elumther at liu jloit, leouing ugointt one of the huge stonopilonrl, or eunted inl the old Icather nrm-chair at the and of theo orridor. The guard dozes now, Hittlnl in the chair, with hii feet elevated high obove his head, and a lonlfetemmned pipo in his month- dozes and pulla away again at intervala, lakini all the comfort to himedf that, hbi sitlation affords. llia trtained ear can oaloh the faintest 0ound, and on an instant's warning he would be up and ill puruit of nay poor coul who should be foolhardy enough to attempt anl escape. In her call down hblow, on her lnero, in tlf0 de0d, hot do rknese, with ilth little llhining key alasped inhlorthinwhita ndu , poor Bees waitu and watches. fmfn Isn heard the boll toll for midnight, anil, lik a devout nuo counting hlir hands, hlo kncolo there trying to eount tihe laggard umomrntlr they pass. In 0on hour's time, as I'lorly a bflse can tell, he mlust mako thle atllplt. Silo known too well, if she slocu;d fail, no other hnanco will ever como to her; and hlu lifts her wall face in the dark nor, and anks God to help her, as n helpleen little child milght nb aon oorthly father. Oh, to brhutho thie free, pur air OlOO mor0 ; to bO away from all theoo poor, witlefs facus; to get out into tlhe world, and mano her way back to the old cantonment, andlto ltedmond C2arew I Thatn i her droem, no bh lioneolo there ; that has boon her dream for over two long years. Strangely enough, all the yearning of her imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithful nlov of her girlhood. Shfe oarcely ever thinks of the man who held herlater promies to becomo his wifle, Lord St. ,Aubn. IIe seems to have bconloot to her with oil that brief, feverish lifo sho led at Mount Slorm liouoe, and she hao no wish to reolaim him, her old lilfo and her oerlieot love fill her soul so compleotly. Sho rises to her foot in the eolmn, oilent darkness, and groping with lhcr hands, after s0mo little trouble she ioerto tfil: l!oy in tile look. It fite; ailo turna i withl a claw, noise loen motion, nod her prison door iH open. For one huort instant sheo stlund gasping for breath, a dull, roaring aound in her ears, a tremor in barlimbo. But Iho rementhoro Jonlo and Josio's warning, and her etrenghl rattrnn to her as suddenly an it wont. She takes tho key from the look, elips out, and losing the cell door, sho locko it from the outside, removes the key, and hideo it in her bosom. Then she starto down the long, blook corridor with a stop like tile wind. A dim light glimmers at the for end, revealing the double line of sello, and the guard dozing and smoking in the old callir. Sheo flia along liho a shadow, red has al most reached the far end, her heart throb bing violently no ollunears the guard, whon all at once the blap over one of the cell win down flies up, and a wild, woeful fceo peers out,the laonol a monina woman. lier blood. shot eyes glare out into the oemiogloom, and lighton IDcase she liee along, and then a wild ehriek ringo out upon the Fleucec. "There she goes I Catho her-catch hber I There goes thu pale.faced gho0t 1" The guard in on hie feet in anl instant, nand dashing dol.n tonardlo tbh cell. Inif a dozen keepers, rolued by the unusual outcry, start up in different directioan and hurry to t11e spot; nnd poor fIlB , more dead than olive, tllttcr on till ithe relches the ol choair, and thln, with the instinct of a wild oreature brought to bay, she croucheo down behind 1t. C HAPTER XV. A BIUDD}NWDISIDING. The guards and keeparo bustle about from cell to cell, and then manino woman etill shriuks at them to catch the pale-faced ghost. But there in no ghost to be seen, and they find the cell doors all lockce anndq uiet, and after a little more paraoingl and a few onthle at the monieo, they dialropre nnd r, turn to their former quaorers. The kioeplra drop down and are 2 oon sound asleep again, hut tha guard walks up ond down and 0 moaker', pausing and repassing poor Beea erouctringin her hiding pineo. Shie lansps her h0ndo and prays that oho may diu, rather than he consigned to lier dreary cell againand whlilo rl.u prays the Iunard vnfiheun. lo betllinso himoclf that thoere is some brandy on a table in the ro. ocption room0 abovo, and feeling lnusually thirsty and fluggish, he runs up to refresh hilmsell. BDes hears hib retreating steps, and darts from behind thle old chair liao an apparition. A low noiselesso selp, and ?fho stands before the great outer door, and, as Josio oaid, the huge key is in the look. She feizes the hey with both hands. It turne in the look with a rasping sound, and the door ewingq open. She darto out, leaving it wide open behind her, flies along the subterranean court, up tieo stops, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. 'hfeo silollt summer ai0es are above bar--the cool, damp winds fall her hot brow. roAn ho st0landn dnzed withl tIle blisful faloy tflat alo in Iroo, a figure dalte out fromthlof ivy glool, and a firm hand graops her armn. " Hero you ar at lanst,".whispols Joeio'e vo0u0. "Colo-quick I" Shlo hurries hler out towards the Ulain gate, which theo filld standing slightly ajar. "Coma," urge Jloo 1o; and she drags lheo half-fainting oumfanioll through, and out into the narrow path that lendo down the steeoop. Tlhey are naclooly out when n figure risen silently from the roole of a huge tree, anhl in a Ltwining tflh ga2Io in looked, and Jacqlllle atU, t',!i . J, , plodn up nll down tlus gravel, pulling away nt his 11?p, ai atolid and inmpenoltrble nu the :lde1urt Ephinx. Meanwhile Joaim pult heir dintuled fist to hr red imouth, and ulttera it faint whitlu hko thile l'y of a bird, still holding hItr coin. h lllIiOllI, i21rnl n pawnit ti lhOuf utL nnoth:r ligure lhootu uIlp from Illlid tleo olive rowlh-- tll, imio 1l; figure thin tih .. Il leaps up th ornl~, nlld l nalplcs loein',l ille, Slhin,'" he gaspiu-" lie,?, imy dlllilng, in it you T" lalea lifll her nnil, while fInc, anld the allitl chinc thlroughll ? rif t in thu lowulying cloud nalll Inll full upon it. St. Aubyn hicoe it, re?ogniccl it in a breoth, iahd catehIui her ill hii ntIrmu with a low,. pI i 1iolnto cry. 1But1 auo Iltruilgltls, to free hler li, t slranllg exprle sonill ill her wie t. Itl eyes. ,.Ih, ILt e go. I,lrl St. ".'hyn," '.h. nur0u01nr0 , t 0 bl??k., l.uton "o.i,'lI hall no I)ut:tt of oeciug ytu. 1-1 loped it wan St. Aubyn does not compolehend her falterirng words, and holds her fast, all is old, nmand, short.lived lova bla::ing up ofrosh. Sensible, mlntlerol.foot Jsnin, however, pulot an end to his little love euone with great coolnesu. " My lord," she anyo, touching hiu o0IM, and pointing with a nod of ler curly heod towards the mndhond oe. on the upper terrace of which unusual lights are rleooaling, " booi there I In a few leinu te the Iocepers Nill be in purPuit of no. Don't you thinl we had better escplle while we can l" " Yen, yes; whabt a fool 1 1 I" orion St. Aubyn ; nud taking Beon in his strong arms, as h cnaught and held lier once before in an hour of peril, he daehoe down tlio sleep at a hsedlong paco. It is clarne torifin of the man that he should forget Josit and lose ni;ght of her dangler; Ie never cared for any earthly thing 0save lie own self.gratliication. And at this moment it pleases and charms him to have Deed restored to him in thin on noatin nod nmarvelloun fashion. So he dashes down, clasping her closely, utticrly unindful whether theo child behind lim breaks her neck or not. It might have been as well for my lord, the Marquis of St. Aubyn, it she ohad, toaking after events into considoration; but there was little fear of such a ocatstropheo. Jooeie'foot was an fleet and sure as tihe foot of a mountain chamois, and she desceonded the dangeroun path, and was at lthi door of thQ anrringe, which stood in tihe valley below, quite as soon as my lord himself. lti sprang in, still claeping DBess in fIls 0rms, and thlei, turning to speak to the driver, lhe saw the girl to whoso wondrous oouraleo and skill ho was indebted for his great happinces. "AB, I had quite forgotten," he said. " ome, my bravo little girl, jump in." Jopie'u fearless eyes had something very near akin to contempt il their shinining deths, nas asheo looked up at the handsome noblentaa. " No, my lord," sheo said, quietly, "I am goir:g hlomo." But Boeau truggled lpl and put out her whi loface. ''Please-oh, please don't leavo me I" she entreated. "I unh l" interposed St. Aubyn, before ,fosit could answer; "you may rest now, my darling, and go with me. Slo sheall come to you to-morrow. Come to Nivernoin to-morrow, my girl-do you hearl" Josle nodded, and the oarriage danshed off down the river-road, while the girl pursued her way across the grove to the little cottage on tile suburbs of Moulinoo. Thie hot, cloudy night in ended, and over the hills the Sabbath morning dawns. A bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff brceen rlflling the river, anod driltlng the flenecy oloudos nrose the dazzling, river. In the white boudoir at Nivornois Court, on a whilo velvet coooh, all starred nod fringed with silver, Bese lies. Her toilot has just been made, in obEdielnco to y lord's order, and Falice, the lFrench maid, neas found that wondrous becoming wrapper of white and blue sili somewhere luoid tlhe many tronoures of Nivernois, and clothed Bcpu's willowy figure in it. There shlo lien, fair asnon now-drop, passive as a babe, a great wistful tenderneaE in oer brown eyes. Mts. Heath, tile hoonosceplr, appears with a dainty breolafast on n eiliver tray, and insists that the young lady must atl and Bess rises obediently, and trice to eat the broiled bird, and the roll, though overy morsel threatens to ahol:e her. Then she liones down again, itho feels so tired and weak, and listens, in a Inn luid way, to the Sabbath bolls ohimingu, in Mouolinu, wondering wvhat the poor reatureso at Mount Clhle:,urou, are doing-silent tears of gratitude htickling down her ahbeck meanwhile. She in free, but yet there is oa look of regratin her sweet, meek eyen. She hears the bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian lifo; she thinks of lher father, and her tears flow fasler. "Ab." she murmurs, dospniringly, "if I could have gonoto IR.dmond I Oh, pour RMd* mnund I--hall I never so Ihimn again 1:' A olaiok, buoyant 0tep rings upon the nmaobl tiles without, nul tblore in a haurp, inltient ran at tile door. "Comt in," says Bens, languidly, and l0t. Aubyn enter.. lit reaches the couch at a hoond, ond han0 the littlA, pansiveo figto in his arms. "Mvy poor little dove, my prIociln little Bouu I" lie haluf rbe, dropping hlot Iis roe oil her trembling; month and white oboett . "11Oh, to thlink ow I lhave holiuved you dead and buried, and how I have nlonrllred for you I Oh, Ilese, Ben,, if you had conme to m0 fronm your molile, it coold nlot 0een' stralgecr. I am so happy. Child, whalt maoes you trnnblo Area you afraidl \V hy, nweet, no harm can reach you hare. You ore lmine- mine to love and aherieh forever. Beso, look at me; let me see your sweet eyes; and tell me if you are plad to get bask to nme again ?" Boasn looks up, and meets his muemerio gaze, and a faint flush rises in her wrnxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none of their old dangerous power. "Yos," she falters, 1 lomt glad." " And you will do procisely as I wish you, dearest ?"eontinues St. Aubyn. " Yco, my lord." IIe breaks into a gay laugh, and covero her fnco with oaresson. " Thot, you demure little nun," he ories, exultantly, "in an hour from now you shall soy, not my lord, but omy husband. Sco hero, Bees, this in your wedding ring, till till-well"-- he stammooeru and falters, reloniberting that Lady Ceasnndra now wears the old St. Aubyn opal,in token of her on gagement to himoolf-" till I can get thle old opal you once wore. It shall be yo7r0 yet; but thin will do now, in its stead. There in a priest all ready in the house, and we will go blefor the old Nivernois altar, and be madn man sod wife, and thoen, my own love, no earthly power shall part us. Shall it notbo sal" A faint sob esonpao her, and she looks up at hlim with ntroeatint; eyos. " Oh, my lord," he falters, " you are good and kind, but it must not be-it cannot be. Don't you know that slto loves you 7?--nldy Causandra, I meatn ? Don't you know that silo parted us, oand put m0e in that dreadlul placo, becauso-behonuse soe could not bear to seon me your wifel" " Yes, I know," St. Aubyn breal?s out flieorely, purple veins starting out on Ihis white brow. "There is no need to remind me of nil the wrong you Ihave suffered at that wicked, hOartless womlon' halnds. But thile hands of vengeance in now at hand. Lldy Unuanndrn's pride shall be huol leld in the dust beneatholl your fUctl, my darlieh. I uleldo it, though she wovre a hlnodrud tiesc toy ousin."O" lthe n starts up, her Inca wlhite wilth pain oood teoroor. " Oh, 0y lord," ooganio0 P, " do)n't lny oUCh terrible thinf(os Te fn lSt il done 0it0l 0oe0w, and I am Ifreu . f I Ian forgive her, uorely you cnttn." Sl?o, loon, I': oannot forgiv heor. I albnl hanod her over to be dellt with by the law." " My lord, for nthame," oried Mcsn, withl oslil(o; eyes00 " and ot o a wolllnll thprang froll the ioalnu rnten Shelo wato flruod ifto dooilt wlhat sahu did by your oe glvet nod in. lidhlity. Soe loved yol0, ly lord, adl loolsod u0000 70 you as iter lroototd 1 oolloed. You tdlould never hays doneotedliir for te." " ls?s t" cxol' ilu his Iordshil. " It it the tlIuth, my lordl. itl it is too late eveo noow tlo ndo all tlhine wrollg. You must Igo bask to Iler, Ioy lort, a0000 Ion true to hler, tld tell her tlatl I fr:oely lforgivne her." " And you, less, moy do..ing1" oI teries SI . A1lyn, with an nonuted noile oon his f lp.--(7it/,oo t,)/inotoo/) 