SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS. PHoTOGRAPas have lately been taken of 1 the two interesting old astronomical instru- u ments at the Pekin Observatory. These fi instruments are the most ancient of the o kind in the world, having been made by 1< order of the Emperor liublai lihan in the b year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of b bronze work, and are in splendid condition, d although they have been exposed to the ti weather for more than six hundred years. c Dn. WILIOELMS, of Giistrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead poisoning a small quantity of blood should be taken from the arm. lie has practiced this treatment in twenty-five cases, and speaks warmly of the success he has met t with, the patients in some cases expressing tl themselves as greatly relieved immediately a, after the operation, and the affection taking a marked change for the better from that time. si WiAT is called " the ice-bag treatment" b of iiternal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and s1 various other ailments, has come into ti considerable vogue on the continent of A Europe and has been introduced into Eng- y land. It consists in laying an impervious t1 bag filled with pounded ice upon the lungs and other affected parts. Eminent English a physicians oppose the practice on thel t ground that the chill induced by the ice bag weakens the vitality of the parts to i which it is applied, and retards instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient. Tnu Abbe Nollet has always been claimed by the French as the precursor of Franklin in the discovery of electricity. And now a 1 book has been found in Italy, written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and .published in 1740, two years before the dis coveries of Abbe Nollet, of which the title is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." Itcontains facts extremely curious for the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is this characteristic paragraph: "What fatal surprise awaits the first experimenter who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning, will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." APPLES have enthusiastic advocates. One 1 of them, writing for the Countryi Gentleman, I says: "It is not claimed for the apple that I it 's a complete food in itself, but on the 1 food list itpossesses a value far above the nutrients it furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, I and, therefore, the best results are obtained I from eating them after, rather than before, I meals. If one feels that he has eaten more dinner than is compatible with his after comfort, lie will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford 3 greater relief than an alcoholic drink or a t drug-store prescription." Ix the Pacific Coast region there are now four, flourishing colonies of introduced a pheasants. The most northerly of these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near Victoria; the second in Protec tion Island in Puget Sound; the third at the junction of the Willamette River with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. The two i latter colonies are now separated by so 1 narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united during the next few years. All the pheasants of the three colonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge O. N. Denny. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are de scribed as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, I about five inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shock or tremor ocCurs, the rod falls away from its support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever arrangement, which stops the mechanism of a time-piece, show ing when the earthquake shock occurred. A sxorG-LAn, Asiatic people called the 1 Ahas, who live among the hills north of 1 Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in t aconite, and they are so made that whlen any attempt is made to pluck out the I arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in ..' the wouna. The oisoa is so deadly, that I Seven a buffalo usually falls, aftter rinning a few yards, when lie has been struck by one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying-place, his soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across the stream that divides the grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily crosswhen the slightest foothold is given him. Dat. . B. lIcIaounusox, in an article on "The Physiology of Good and Evil," says: "Let us first look on the ideal of goodness orperfection. The scientific view of human perfection is strict and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any human representative who is the perfection of goodness. To them there is but One perfect andtruly sane intelligence, whose immen sity none can conceive, whose power none can measure, whose goodness none can comprehend; all space Hiis Heaven, all energy His existence, all thought His mind. Mfenof scienceof the strictest truth Iholdin most precious memory their own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs; but theyventure not to compare even them with aught that is above our common humanity." Ix the introductory lecture to the agri cultural class at tite University of Edin burgh, delivered at the opening of the present session, Professor Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with tle flock-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by the way, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. Professor Wallace hazards the opinion thlat, before many years have passed, Australia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. lIe makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal'in flavour and tex ture to tie best ltighland, Welslh, or South down mutton. Upon these two assumptions he foretells calamities to the meat pro ducers of hIis ciuntr-- which hIis country men holpe lie will not live to see. A CUnISots EPERIaENT.-DIr. Galton tells us of an experiment lie made in an \- aquarium with two fish. It was divided . into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent and therefore invisible to the i fish. In one division there was a pike, in the other a gudgeon. Every time the pike saw the guidgeon hlie rushed to seize him, Sbut every time he was stopped by thie plate Sof glass. HIe did not learn soon, but for Sseveral months made this rush, and bruised leis nose against the glass. Finally, lihe came to understand that for some reason . inscrutable to hIis intelligence he could not :seize the gudgeon, and then hlie gave it up. He now swam about, seeing the gudgeon constantly, but paying no attention to it. STlhenthe plate of glass was removed. This made no difference, the pike did not at tempt to take the gudgeon. He had acquired the hiabit of leavring the gudgeon alone. The conundnrm was, would his de scendants inherit that habit or possess the original impulse of their kind? Illustra tions of this kind or showing the operation of the principle of acquired inheritance are w hat Mr. Galton wants. 