? .-;- .' i THE UNIVERSITY QUESTION. Sir-When readily accepting Mr. Stephens' disavowal of any personal reference in his singularly sweeping and In-, tolerant remarks in council, wy hasty inference may be allowed to have been justifiable on the plea of my having been the only recent critic of the academical project.) Moreover as the only other protesters at a much earlier date, were Dr. Benjafield and " Reformer," with whose views I cordially, agree, I venture to suspect that the Director was being troubled by the whisperings of his own conaeiMM or better judgment. He in ,o,ueatiopably does violence to his better self as well as to most of his colleagues, in resort- ing to the ad captandum wages political argument against outsiders," as robbery of the loaves and fishes of the professions.' Waiving the hoarsely debateable point that at the "poor ghosts' of Risdon strikingly declare, weare all "outsiders," a true patriot would advocate the selection of the best point ble man for any important post, as being more qualified than any other to do his work, not only, well, but economically, aid for the good of the community at large. Mr. Stephen evidently congratulates; himself on having plucked the; sting from; my matter-of-fact objections to the academic cat scheme, by the crushing announcement! that the wonderful University is to have neither professors, lecturers,, teachers, nor, attendant students. The director has settled it thus, and, like Macbeth, T in ii 1 "Banda up , ) ] Each employer agitate the terrible list." Equally as kinship with, the same <. " and wholesome body," or, like Peter when he denounced his Lord, he libels and ungrateful fully malign his Alma Mater as a monstrous horrendum, etc. Magical economy being hie sale-note for catching the vox populi, hero is a Trojan gift of a sister quotation from the time-honoured Delectus :- Mannum wcligaleitpartimonia. The smoke arising from the ardour of the director's patriotism appears to have blinded his eyes to the fact that the University of I London, with Its 62 paid examiners of the ' highest possible standing, exists for the purpose of mea ting the demands of students 1 who, is, ooniieoiCniwUh.itfceroolleae* or I wd#* «*^UlrVcr«mr»fra,?|e«Joy.lull ud A second means of p«p*r»tion-»tudenu youthful scholars stand forth, and achieve he imprimatur of London, if none of the more convenient four colonial universities is thought good enough. Barring ''a' few enterprising spirits, there is here a mysterious hesitancy in measuring swords with rival combatants or competitors elsewhere. If, for instance, the much vaunted A.A. Degree be equal to that of the Melbourne Matricu- laron, why is the examination not one and the same ? Similarly, the Technical School, perhaps even more prudently, shirks the proffered papers of Kensington or even of the corresponding Sydney institution. Now, however, that, according to the Director, the admirable principle of " local industry as exhibited in the " dog in the miner" tactics of our fishermen is to operate in the production of professional men without the superfluity of systematic and costly teaching, and this in a country where the means of acquiring the requisite learning do- s not exist, all difficulties will speedily vanish ou paper. Meanwhile it is perhaps worth considering that, instead of actually importing two or three examiners, as at present, a small army must be engaged, as each of the say, 20 subjects of the academical syllabus will demand the services of a special expert, even for one candidate He never, if the usual number of candidates for the really splendid prize of 'the Tasmanian Scholarship may be taken as a guide, the gross amount will be poor indeed. Again, the Director c roses to ignore my six or seven numbers I objections as if they were all merged and triumphantly swamped in his Red or rather Black Sea, of a merely structural modification of the University plan. Unquestionably, the difference in cost will be very considerable, but will this kind of non-educational and purely examination machinery answer the purpose intended? I trow not. Nay, I feel convinced that it will but add one more to our already sufficiently extensive list of educational shares which I have from time to time portrayed in your columns without challenge or contradiction. These chiefly are-a normal school of a merely nominal type ; State schools, many of which are provided with teachers of the lowest possible, instead of the highest possible qualifications ; a compulsory system of schooling that, as 1 long ago expressly and cipated, has proved a farce ; even a programme of branches of instruction which in the important point of object lessons, etc., is largely perfunctory a Technical School, scarcely equal to an average Night school at home, and of which there should be at least 20 in the colony, and even that, in spite of its phantom foundation stone, now understood to be moribund, nothing educationally honest and robust except a handful of private schools, and these contorted and diverted from their purely educational purpose to the disadvantage of the majority, by the meretricious allurement of au A.A. Degree, known to be easily attainable by the process of sheer " cram." A High School once existed 1 Where is it What is the remedy proposed for so deplorable a catalogue of failures ? A University, not for 'evening or training, but for ex allcomers for testing their knowledge chiefly in Latin, Greek, Higher Mathematics, Mental Philosophy, etc., since the date of departure from school. If there happens to be a particle of method in this madness, it is by no means apparent to the vulgar eye, cleared as it may be by the glamour of pure, unadulterated ignorance. What are the do in aid of the country? Altogether industrial, and if a few professional men require to be imported, so much the better that they have been trained and qualified solely at their own expense or that of other people. Hence, the local demandsheiogof amudualiial character, and the professions filled spontaneously, let the exalted! notion of classic culture be altogether discarded for the present, and even specific professional training, except for law, go to the wall. This will clear the ground as well as the vision for the concep- tion of a college of science, theoretical and practical. A college that, properly framed and constructed, might become the centre of attraction for the ingenious youth of the whole of Australasia, whilst simultaneously fulfilling its local functions in a rational, -Yours, etc.. I useful, and beneficial way. J. S. LAURIE. PS-I have just received, by the courtesy of a friend, a Government document containing correspondence on the above subject, and to which Mr. Stephens makes no allusion. Having written this in entire ignorance thereof, I am pleased to observe that my entirely independent and impartial view is distinctly shared by Archdeacon Hales, and partly by the Chief Justice, who alluded to science, but not to classical teachers or professor s, notwithstanding the Director's encomium on the latter as being, like sin itself, " time-honoured." 