? ? CRICKET. Hay v. Half-holiday. At tho last annual meeting of tho Hay ?Cricket Glob much jubilation took plaeo about tho magnificent addition to the numerical strength of tho club in the shape of no less iBan fourteon new members, Koieato pre dictions, of tho splendid future of cricket in Hay were freoly indulged in, the only thing that appeared like a fly in the ointment being .?the' Doaaibilitv that the Half- holiday Club, stricken with fear by tho gigantic strength (if its antagonist, would go into a rapid decline, .and eventually : giv. up the ghost. ..The danger, however, was moro apparent than treal. The members of the Hay club .it seems are' not figh'.iug , members. Thoy1 pay : their ?iubscriptiouB like princes, and like princes tthey allow their namos to figure in the Iists of ^U^era by way of giving tono.to.tho matchps.; But when it comes to playing, and the purity » of their complexions iB menaced by solar heat | ? well, then they're not on. And ao, although a long array of names had, been published* of thoso who would form the team to play against tho Half-holiday club on Wednesday last, only five men turned up during the whole afternoon, viz., Tompaon, Duckett, Stewart, Acocki, and B. Ayre. The Half-holiday club was fully represented, and it waa decided ' to make a start with the match. It was ar ranged that the Half-holiday boys should go to the wickets, and that the five Hay men ?Uould' be assisted in the field by six of the batting side— an arrangement redounding to tho everlasting credit of the Hay club. Under , these; conditions the' match proceeded. The Half-holiday made 123 for the loss of .five wickets, Keid te W. Ayr. 31, J. Calloway 22 and M. Army tage, not out, 14 being top scorers. The outcome of the match - we- understand ie^ that inetoa'd' of 'making furthor; eEforte to' secure a cricket ground an effort will be made to construct ' an underground lawn tennis court, with a special retrigerating apparatus j for use on hot'days, and a refreahmeht bar ! at ; Tl which beautiful cooliog beverages will be ' aispsusea gVatuitously. With an under ground -tramway laid from each, member's door to'the court, iff e confidently anticipated i that evob un the warmest days, enough mem ?, I bera to play amatch of two a-iid. will be in— 4ucei to attend.' As our young men must be made to take exercise somehow, in order to [J. preserve the stamina of our race, and as they cannot of course be expected to imperil their complexions. while eo uoing, tho new . eqheme has much' t. reoommend it. Following ar. tbe detailed scores in what ia a moment of deli | oious satir. wefeel com trained to call Wednei Iaaye ?? mavou ? Half-holiday. '. ^irst.Innings.,, . ..? ?? 1 Ayre. b Tompion 31 ' ;-J. Calloway; b-Tompsou ' ? r ... 22 , AshtoD, o Tompsou ... ...12 \- Beid,b Acocks ;.. ' ... 42 Cross, b Duckett : ... ... 1 ... ? ' Army tags, not* out .!??? y T. Calloway, not out ? 0 ' Bye ... ' ... 'V; Total for five wleke'te ^ '-;,.:123ri' ;; 