THE CAMPBELL-O'CONNELL WILL CASE. Mrs. Campbeix, the plaintiff In the will case just decided, probably recognises by this time the truth of the homely proverb that a bird In the hand 1b worth two In the bush. Cross examined by Sir John Downer she told the court that It would hare been better had Dr. O Connell given her £1,000 Instead of £100 out of the property Miss Murphy left htm. The fair Inference Is that the will would never 'have been challenged had the benefaction to the disinherited couBin been more accordant with her own ideas of the doctor's duty In fche circumstances. Nevertheless it would have been better for Mrs. Campbell herself had she kept her £100 Instead of expending lb for the sole benefit of the lawyers. There never was the ghost of a chance from the start that the will could be successfully dis puted . The case differs from the memo rable trial of Moss v. Somner In Victoria In the fact, amongst other things, that it came before a judge without a jury. In Moss v. Somner the jury upset a will which they felt to be opposed to the ' principles of natural justice without troubling themselves to attend to the techni cal directions of the judge. No jury, how ever, could have rendered a verdict different from that pronounced by the Chief Justice yesterday, whether they had in view merely the equities of the case, or considered them in proper re lation to the law. However unsatisfactory to Mrs. Campbell may be the result of her Ill-advised and expensive lawsuit, Dr. O'Connellcanhardly regret that he was put in the position of defending himself against her unwarrantable claims. The jadgment confirms him In his rights under the will of the person he befriended, and at the same time the evidence clears his reputa tion for ever from any possible aspersion. Morally, as wejl aB legally, he stands clearly justified. The imputation that he took advantage of his professional position to influence a patient in his favor when disposing of her property, to the grievous wrong of her only remaining relative, has . been triumphantly refuted, and upon his ? personal honor there reats no shadow of a stain. i The testatrix, Miss Murphy, was a shrewd but uneducated old woman, un i happily of Intemperate habits. For years _ she lived principally at Goolwa with her | sister Mrs. Young, who was similarly ad \- dieted to drink. The sisters when In I Adelaide were accustomed to stay ab the ! House of Mercy, a Roman Catholic Instl i tution, where they were kindly treated. I In 1885 Mrs. Toung made a will bequeath ing the bulk of her property to the Church. She and Miss Murphy, however, behaved so Indecorously on several occasions when Buffering from the effects of liquor that the shelter afforded by the House of Mercy was eventually withdrawn. In resentment at this action the sisters mutually resolved that the Church should receive no benefit at their death, and they executed wills In favor of each other. | The plaintiff, a couBin, came to live with I them in 1888 after the death of her own husband, bub the three women did nob get on happily together. Their quarrels were ! freauent and violent, and Mrs. Camobell became the object of such antipathy that even her relationship to the two other women was repudiated. On numerous occasions they declared that she would receive nothing when they died, and the appeals of the Roman Catholic Archbishop that some provision should be made for her as a poor relation were Igaored. The acquaintance with the O'Connells was of long standing. Mrs. O'Connell was, for a sentimental reason connected with her engagement when Miss Pearson to a son of Mrs. Young who died before he came of age, the object of Bpeclal regard. Under Mrs. Young's will In 1885 a bequest was made to the O'Connells, and at Goolwa she afterwards told a neighbor that everything would go to them ab her death- However, upon her decease in October last her sister inherited under the second will. The sad event waB succeeded by a drunken bout in which Miss Murphy sought comfort for her affliction. Temporary insanity super vened, and on October 10 Dr. O'Connell look charge of her under a magistrate's order. On the 23rd her return to reason was certified by Dr. Paterson. Subsequent to this date, Miss Murphy made two wills, both leaving her property, valued at about £8,000, to Dr. O'Connell. The first was prepared by the defendant at her request, but the second, executed on November 9, a few weeks before her death, was at the suggestion of her legal adviser, Mr. Stock, drawn up by an independent lawyer, Mr. Nicholson, and attested by an independent medical man, Vc. Henry, who was perfectly satisfied as to her mental competency. Of the two grounds on which the will was disputed the first — that Miss Murphy was Insane when Ib was made— was unre servedly withdrawn. The testimony that her mind was clear after recovering in Dr. O'Oonnell's house from the effects of her drunken spree was absolutely overwhelm ing. Thus the case was narrowed down to the single question whether undue ln- flnence was used. In Moss v. Somner undue influence was defined as coercion. The exercise of persuasive influence is not sufficient to defeat a will, but on the other hand coercion may be something less than actual force. Any Influence brought to bear upon an invalid to induce him bo alter his own intentions as to the destination of his property after death, if the patient succumbs to it for the sake of peace and quietness, amounts to coercion in testa mentary law. ?-- The essential point is that the will should represent the intentions of the testator— If It does this, It Is valid. In a recent English case the law has been similarly stated, and the Chief Justice sub stantially reaffirmed the doctrine. Undue influence amounting to legal coercion, or even persuasion which If legally admis sible would be morally discreditable, did not exist in the case of Campbell v. O'Connell. There cannot be a doubt from the evidence that both Mrs. Young and Miss Murphy fully Intended the ex clusion of their cousin from benefit and the Inheritance of their property by the O'Connells. The least suspicion that Miss Murphy's residence In the house of Dr. O'Connell enabled the defendant to work upon her feelings for hla own personal In terest was averted by the evidence adduced that the testatrix, In the full pos session of her mental powers, chose him deliberately as her heir, and wlbh full knowledge of the claims of the plaintiff founded on her relationship. Mrs. Camp bell herself had accesB to the deceased. MIbb Murphy received what visitors she pleased, and neither her medical abten dantB, her legal advisers, nor the minis ters of her church who saw her In her last illness detected the slightest sign that she was under the thraldom of Improper In fluence. AH the positive testimony was Indeed of an exactly opposite character. The bequest of Miss Murphy's property to Dr. O'Connell was clearly dictated by a sentiment of gratitude for kindness re ceived, and a feeling that in thus disposing of the estate the was expressing the last Intentions of the sister who predeceased her. There are cases In which, as in Moss v. Sojnner, testamentary dispositions, by the-'trrcelty with which they Ignore the clbfme of near relations, shock the con Ectecce of the public. It may seem hard that strangers, however justly esteemed; should be preferred to a blood relation, however distant ; but obviously there Is no sort of parallel between a will under which a cousin cordially de tested receives no benefit and another which disinherits 6ons*«nd daughters In favor of a designing adventuress. These C&B6B; admit of comparison only In ?so far as the same legal question was involved In both, and In the two the law as to what constitutes undue inflaence on the mind of a testator we a eon sUtently Interpreted by the courts. 