Ifoovdist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; on,. Lady 'Chetwynd's Spectre. By Mns. Harriet Lewib. CHAPTER XIX. THE PLOTTERS ALL BUSY. ' Its all up for to-night,' Bagco muttered In hor Hindoo tongue, 'I must bide my timo, and watch my chance. It will come Boon, if 1 am ready. Tho pale-faced young girl with her baby-faoe shall not crowd out my young mistress from her rightful position bb Lady of Ohetwynd. I will destroy her SB i would an insect. She shook her band in fierce menacing at the object of her hatred, and then, growing mindful of her own Bafety, nnd not wishing to riak an encounter with Gilbert Monk, site darted down the outBiJe staircase, and was away in the shadow of tho trees almost with the rapidity of thought. She concealed herself in a secure position at a little distance, at a point commanding n view of tho door of the chalet. Hoi escape was immediately discovered, and Monk Baid: ' You are safe now with me, Bernice, lta geo has hurried home, I am positive. Sho would not dare risk a meeting with me. You are pale and worn out. Let mo take you from this place as soon ns possible. Flack has been Btaying in tho neighborhood since he brought mo the news of your departure from Mawr Castle, and I found him in the edge of the park as I went buck to the house. I sent him to Obetwynd-by Sea for acarriage and ho will drivo you over to Eastbourne directly. He is to be in waiting at the lower gate of the park, nearest tho village. Here are your clothes. It would bo well to lav aside thoBO wet garments as soon as possible. Bernice assented, and Monk went outside -the chalet and closed the door. Young Lady Ctctwynd secured it on its inner side, again barricaded tho door nt tho foot of the stair, and changed her wet garments for dry ones as rapidly as the Bwollen nnd painful state of her sprained wrist would allow. She was soon warmlyclothed. Sho rolled tip her damp garments and packed them into her travelling-bag. Her white Bilk robe, which bad so ably Bcrvcd in her appearance us a spectr?, was quite dry. She examined it carefully. It had been gathered up about her waist when she hail fallen into tho lake and was not torn nor damaged. She rolled up the robe and thrust it into her travelling-bag. Sho was attired in her bronze grey cashmere robo nnd jacket, and it only now remained to put on her hat. While sho was thus completing their attiro, Monk camo in, put out the remaining fire, scattering the embers on the hearth, and extinguished the light of the lantern, which he restored to the closet from which ho had withdrawn it. Then ho nrrnnged tho furni ture which Bernice bad piled up in tho form of a barricade, in its usual order, and con ducted young Lady Chetwynd out of tho chalet. ? ? . They halted outside while he locked tbo door, and Bernice then placed her arm in his, and they moved on among the shadows, keeping a vigilant and apprehensive look out around them. They wound along the narrow and dusky paths, avoiding tho wider moonlight avenues, and once cr twice they halted at Borae rustic srat. that Bernice might rest. But nt Inst'they approached the lower end of the park, nnd the email gate leading out upon the open high , »»y- ?'???.. ' ' I always carry a key to this gnto,' said Monk, producing the key in question from his pocket. 'I generally cross the park wben'I go to tho village. Here we nro, arid the fly ia waiting.' Klack was on the box, whip in hand. Ho raised his hat to tho young lady and to bis master. Monk assisted Bornicn into the vehicle. He hesitated about accompanying her to . ? . ? Eastbourne. Ho fenred lctt he should bo missed from tho Park, and ho had another task to do on this night— a- task which ho dreaded, but deemed; necessary to tho success of hiB plans, and even to his own well . : being. But ho darod.mit rein any risk of ??; losing Bernice again. To plnco her safely r in the hands of Mis. Crowl was the first aud most important movement to be made. Upon bia safe custody of Demies all his plans hinged. Ho decided, therefore, to accompany her to Eastbourne. 'To Mrs. .Growl's lodgings, Klack,' he *, ordered, in a low voico with n piercing glance arouni him. 'And bo lively. We've !a long; drive before us, and I havo other business on band to-night.' Ho sprang lightly into the vehicle and closed the door. Tho fly rolled heavily along the toad on its way to Eastbourne by Chetwynd-by-Bca. It was not 'yet out of sight, when the withered, dusky, witchOiko face of the. old Hindoo woman was pressed against the spears of 'tho . gate, and tbo . bead like eyes glittered ns Bigeo silently mut tered : ?..;?? .????????. ? . ' ?? '??.' .-': ;? '? ??-? ???'?? . '? ''To Sire. Growl's r A long, drive t He muBt be going to Eastbourne. ?;.' To Mrs. Crowl's lodgings/ at Eastbourne, eh? I'm Roing to Eastbourne to- morrow. And ho has other business on hand to-night I What business? I find that he .is deeper than I ? tbongbt.;. He'll *'bear;watchlng.Tirkriow wb»t?blf 'Jot! or buslneu ?;!«.: Mlssy;; w6n't bo tronblecllfl»m absent »U night. She ile'ilbu biickai this gate by two o clock, and I'll bo hero, too.' Meanwhile the antiquated fly nnd its oc cupants were proceeding swiftly along the ruad to Chetwynd-by-Sen. They entered Enstbourno after a brisk drive, and Flack drove into the retired stroet in which Mrs. Orowl had taken lodgings. Tho fly presently United before the door of a threo-storicd '-rick house, one of a row of similar JOUSCS. . . 11 This is tho place,' said Monk, opening tho door of tho carriago and springing out. Ho assisted Bernico to oligbt. Ho helped her up the steps and into tho bouse. Mi's, Crowl received tho young marchioness kindly nnd respectfully, nnd with n warmth that was very grateful to the girl. The rela tions between tho two had ueen from the first as mistress and Bcrvnnr, nnd Mrs. Crowl bad played hor part so well as never to ex cite the girl's suspicions, MrF. Crowl lead tho way up slniis, Bernice and Monk following. U'Lo woman ushurcd them into u pleasant little parlor, where lights nnd n lire whera burning, and drew up an c.iBychnir before the hearth. IScrnice snnk into the chair, tired and very pale. Miss Gwyn hns sprnincd hor wrist,' said Monk, 'l'ou will know how to treat tho ailmcnl, Mrs. Crowl, without calling in a physicinn. To-morrow evening Miss Gwyn will be able to Btnrt for Mawr Castle, and you will tnko the express for London. You will stop at a quiet hotel in town to-morrow nigh*; and cuntinuo your journey the next day. I will bo in L'indon nlso to-morrow evening— going up on tho sumo train with you, in fact, to make all sure, Wo will meet at the station. And now good night.' Ho bent over Bernico and kissed her. i^iSJXhj took his leave, and hurried down to the waTting'ir.irriagc and Bet out on his re turn. *- — . ...-'-'-*?? When tho fly arrived' iiporfHie hill over looking the village of Clielwynd-by-Sea, Monk called to the driver to stop. The order wns promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed: 'You can drive on, FInck, nnd return the fly to the inn. I'll walk homo, nnd stretch my legs after this lone drive. You need not come to the Park to-niorrmv. Pny your bill nt the inn in tbo morning, nnd go to East bourne. You nro to take charge of Miss Gwyn and Mrs. Crowl, nnJ have them at the station to-morrow night. 1 shall go up to London by tho same train.' He dismissed his confederate by a wave of the hand, and the vehicle passed on in the diatnuce. Monk walked briskly down tbo hill and into the Bilent village. Ho turned into the lonely church-yard among the graves, whoso tall white hendstoncs screened him from tho possible view of any watcher, although tho moonlipht wns still brilliant. lie crept into the little shaded stono porch, and let himself into the church. It was then about two o'clock in tho morning. It was post four, nnd the gray dawn wns breaking, when bo emerged from the church, wearied nnd worn and pnlc. Monk went on through ilie village nnd as cended the hill beyond. At the lower gnte of the Park he halted nnd let himself in, nnd hurried along the more obscure pntbu toward the house. The old Hindoo womnn hnd walched and waited for him all these hours. She saw him enter tho park, and ono glance at him ns 6ii red her that hiB 'other business' had been accomplished. She aroso from hor crouching position and followed him Btenlthily homeward. ' I've made n failure of it, after all,' the old womnn muttered. ' His business lay in the village. It concerned my litdy in some way. But what was it? I'd like to know Gilbert Monk's schemes, but they all binge on that girl. He means to preserve her lifo ; I mean to destroy it. Which will win?' Tho kitchen-maids were astir, and old llapjce, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no difficulty in slipping into tho house unseen, at the servants' entrance. She glided up to the apartments of her mint real, whom she found sleeping. She passed on to her own room and changed her garments, and fluig herself on her bed, drooping asleep. It wns somowhero about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned her. She was a light sleeper, awakening nt a sound or touch, and now started up broad nwnke upon the instant. She folded her turban nfresh, nnd hastened to tho bed-ahnmbcr of her mis tress. Miss Monk wiu in bed, her head lying back upon her pillows, a frutful expres sion on her swarthy face. She wns an noyed nud curious, aud she Exclaimed petu lantly : 'Why did yon not Bleep in my room last night us usual, lingeo ? Why where you not hero to undress mo ? I kept awake tillnear morning from sheer terror. I cannot bo alone, and you know it.' Rngco nt once told her mistress the story of her adventures during tho night, MiB3 Monk listened in breathless eager ness, ' Gilbert is the bend nnd front of this ap parition business,' said Sylvia nt length. 'And yet why should bo wish to ruin me? He rescued her from her tomb. It's all plain to me now. And he hns some object in defending her. But what can it be? Ho did not lovo her.' 'I can sco into the mystery,' said the old Hindoo woman, her dusky face lighting. ' The truth is ho has discovered who sho. is. You know, Missy, she did not know her parentage. Gilbert has found out thOjSecret. Sbo is of noble blood ; one can toll that by her haughty sir, her patrician beauty, her high breeding. She looks like a princess, nt tho least. I can sea Gilbert's game now. Hu means to nllpw you to marry my lord, and hu will then restoro my Indy to her own friends and relatives, and feather his own nest.' ~ . ?... 'Bat what would then became of me? I should bo no wife, I should be set adrift—' 'Yes, Missy. But perhaps Mr.' Gilbert would not permit things to go so far. Per-' haps be will not allow you to marry my lord. Gilbert is a Bcliish fellow and means to look out for himself, and ho won't c.ire what becomes of you. I think he brought my lady here to play ghost. I think he means to exact a cood price from my lord nnd from Lady Chctywnd's relative?, and then restore her to them as one from thu dead.' : Mis* Monk looked terrified. 'What shall we do?' sho whispered. ' What shall wo do, IUgee ?' ' Leave it all to me. We must not suffer Oilbeit to suspect how much wo know-of his plans. 1 will outwit him and destroy the girl. Leavo it to me, I sny. My lady is at ' Mn, Growl's lodgings,' nt Eastbourne, You must send me to Eastbourne to-day, Missy, to match some of your embroideries or trimmings! or something.' 'But he will not keep her at Eastbourne, whore she is, known. Ho will take her to London, and conceal hor thoro until he is ready to disclose the fact that she lives.' 'Then I'll |!O to London, too,' Bnid the Hindoo, with a resoluto gleam in her eyes, ' I'll bo more that n match for him.' ..???'. Mis3 Monk put aside her chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to I'Bteady hor nerves.' Then she allowed herself to bo dressed, in her luxuriant Eastern style, and at nine, o'clock was ready for breakfast. She bado. Ilageo await her return to. her chamber, and descended to the breakfnstroom. . Lord Ohetwynd was. already there, and Gilbert Monk followed her immediately, lonkinjj somowbnt : haggard and wearied. Miss- Monk .wai very-, amusing,' with a .forcedV gaiety,' but: Ohetwynd was -, un- ' Anything I can do for you in town, Sylvia?'1 inquired Monk, carelessly, as ho received his second cup of coffeo at tho hands of tho waiter. 'Havo you any commands for jeweller, dressmnker, boot maker or milliner ? I shall be pleased to execute any wish you may cnterlain. I am going up to London to-night,' 'Ah, indeed I' said Miss Monk, 'If you will look in at IIowoll & James's, and inquire when my opal bracelet will bo finished, I shall be obliged. Shall you be gone long ?' ' A day or so— possibly » wcok. Seotaby & Newman expect mo, nnd business is busi ness, you know.' In tho early evtning, immediately after dinner, Gilbert Monk drove over to EnBt bourne, and to tbo stntiun. Ho arrived nt tho last moment, nod was ushered into a first class compartment occupied by two veiled ladies, of whom one was Lady Chct wynd nnd the other Mrs. Crowl, '.Che train hnd begun to move, w!en the door of the second. c'ass comparlmiijt ml joining was hurrio Iy opened bv the yunrd, nnd a bent old woman, with a painted white face, grny hnir, a frilled enp, nnd a huge scuttle bonnet, wns pushed in, nnd tho door hastily Bhut upon her. This ol:l womnn wns Rngco, tho Hindoo I And thus, environed by her enemies, young Lady Chetwynd journeyed up to London. CHAPTER XX. IN A STATE 01' USCKHTAIXTY. On arriving at the London Bridge termi nus, Gilbert Monk alighted from tho first class coach ho had occupied wilh young Lady Chetwynd and Mrs. Crowl on tho jour ney up from EaBtbourno, and raising his hat to them as to utter slrangc-ra, fio crossed the' platform Kad~entercd a Hansom cab, bidding the driver convey him to Hnskcll's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. Flack appeared from a sccoml-class coach nenr nl hand, nnd escorted Lady Chetwynd nnd Mrs. Crowl to a four-wheeled cab, as sisted them into the vehicle, mounted the box with tho driver, and gavo tho samo order Monk had given— Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. An old bent woman — the Hindoo ayah cleverly disguised— had appeared from the second-class carriage adjoining the compart ment occupied by Lady Chetwynd, nnd heard the orders of Monk and Flack, and now en tered a cab and gave precisely the same order they had given— Haskcll's Family Hotel, Piccndilly. In tho course oi an hour thereafter the threo several partieB were comfortably quartered in the quiet family hotel they hnd designated. Ti-.e hour wns late, and' Gilbert Monk did. not sco Bernico again that evening. The Hindoo womnn regis tered a falso name, and ascertained that Lndy Ohetwynd was registered as Miss Gwyn of Carnarvon. . This discovery afforded the ayah food for thought and speculation throughout the re mainder of that night. The next morning, after eating a solitary breakfast in tho coffee-room of tho hotel, Gilbert Monk ordered a cab, nnd went up to Lady Chctwynd's private parlor. He found hoi' lying upon n couch near the window, with her hnir unconflncd, hor face pnlc, nnd wearing &n; rzprcesion of physical euflering. Hor whito brows were contracted in pain, and she was manifestly nnnble to travel. Monk gave a start of dismay, 'What is to bo dono?' ho asked, in a tone of perplexity. 'Shall I send for n physician ?' ' She needs a day of rest, with warmth nnd stimulating food,' Enid Mrs. Crowl. ' I can treat her as well ns n physician could, Mr. Monk. I'll havo her ready to start for Wales in a day or two.' Monk reluctantly went out and dismissed his cab, and announced at the office of tho hotel that lit should prolong his stay a day or two further. Ho then returned to Lady Chetwynd's parlor with a parcel of morning papers, resolved upon making the best of a bad situntion. Ho found Mrs. Crowl concocting an epg nog for the benefit of her patient. Bcrninc drank the preparation meekly, nnd presently dropped asleep. Mrs. Crowl pushed an arm-chair to the brnrtb, in convenient proximity to tho cbnir occupied by Monk, nnd seated her self, her glances fixed upon the beautiful sleeper. '? How lovely sho is I' tho womnn whis pered. ' Sho is superbly, rndinnlly beauti ful. And she is so frank, so honest, so gentle, so unsuspicious of harm I She is n real lady through nud through. I should like to live with her always, Mr. Monk. I wonder how you ran have Been her grow tenulifiil under your vciy eyes, nnd become accomplished nnd lit to nrloin the Queen's drnwing-rocm, and yet not fall in lovo with her!' Monk's pnper fell to his knees, nnd Ins swarthy face flushed with tho consciousness of n new and suddenly conceived passion for Bernice. Mrs. Crowl read his flush and nnitntion aright. She looked Amazed, then pleased. 'Why, I never have suspected that you lovo Miss Gwyn,' she exclaimed. ' It's something now even to you, 1 know, Mr. Monk. I am delighted sir, and I hope that if you win her you will allow mo to remain with her always. I should ask no thing hotter than to live with Misb Gwynall my life.'- ' I do not know what Miss GwyD will say to a marriage with mo,' slid Monk, thought fully. ' She likes mo nnd trusts me, that I know. Sho trusts you also, nnd you might drop a word now and then nbout my devo tion to her, nnd prepnie her to receivo favor ably, in good limo, a proposal of marriage from me. If she marries me, Mrs. Crowl, you shall bo her lady housekeeper, at a handsome Ealary, ns long ns you live.' Mrs Growl's eyes epnrklcd with delight, ' I advise you to let her know that you lovo her, sir,' she whispered, ' Givo her something cIbo to think of besides. old troubles. Take my word for it, she'l! feel flattered and pleased, nml.she'il soon get used to tho idea and like it. Sho loves you now as a sister ; it's only a step further to love you ns your bride.' Monk's perceptions nnd intuitions not be ing of tnc finest, he was glad to accept bis confederate's estimate of Bernice, and to act upon it. Ho resolved that ho would do nothing to lessen Bernice 's trust In him, but that lie would delicately intimate to her, at the first suitable opportunity, that although Lord Chetwynd had forgotten her, thero was one still who adored her, and would devote his life to hor if Bho would permit him. The opportunity he desired did not occur beforo evening, when, after eating his din ner in the coffee-room, Monk returned to Lady Chetwynd's [.arlor, The gas was lighted hero, and the curtains were drawn. Tho fire burned cheerily on the hearth, and before it sat Dornice, still pale, but with a brighter look on her proud, dark face. Sho looked stronger, too, than in the morning, and gieotcd Monk with BBmilo. He was delighted at tbo change in her, and B*t down near her, his faco beaming. ' I feared that you had retired,' he said, 'but you nro almost well again, Bernice. Mrs. Orowl is a physician as well as a nurse. I am persuaded that you will bo able to con tinue your journey in the morning.' Mrs. Orowl appeared from the innerroom, attired for the street. : 'I suppose we are to go on to the castlo tomorrow, Mr. Monk,' she said, ' and I havo a few purchases to make in town, so' I must make them to-night. Miss Gwyn was not so weak as I feared. Her wrist, is better, all the inflarnraatijn being gone from it, aud she is quite able to travel. I shall bo back in an hour, having only to go. into Oxford Bireet,.lf Mi8B;,Gwyn wlU.klndly.ailpw njfi,' ' Bernice gave assent, sad Mrs. Crowl ,de And now was comu the opportunity Monk bad craved, in which to tell Bernico hiB lovo for her. But how was he to do it? While he hesitated in what mannorto be gin bis intended communication, Bernice broke tho silence. 'Gilbert,' sho said, hesitatingly, 'I've been thinking to-day, during my few waking hours, of how strangely I am situated. You tell mo that, having apparently died, and having actually been buried, 1 havo ceased to bo Lord Chotwynd's wife. You havo been kind to me, Gilbert. You hnve suved my life twice ; you hnvo given mo rnro opportunities for improvement*, nnd. hnve been a noble brother to me. Hoy will marry Sylvia soon, nnd I am left utterly alone, with no future to louk fer ward to. I can never hope to reward you for your goodness to me. I am n helpless burden upon you, nnd 1 know thnt you nrc poor. I cannot consent to be a burden to you any longer.' ' What do you propose doing 1' ' I hnvo no further interest in England. I wnnt to go soniewheri! where 1 hnve nt least n shndow of a claim upon some one. It ib April, Gilbert, and Bhips can visit St. Kilda I wnnt you, ns n last fnvor to mo, to procure me passage to my old island home.' Monk's fnce grow sober, even to Bnd ncE3. ' You have no homo at St. Kilda now, Bernico,' ho snid. 'I don't know how to toll you, but it is better to say the truth nt once. Mr. and Mrs. Gwcllan were both drowned at cen last month, on a voyage from St. Kilda to Gl isgow. It was in ali tho papers— a sad affair — ' He paiiBed, nu'rightcd at the dead white ness of the girl's fnce, and nt tho wild look in her grent brown eyes. 'Dead I' shepr.id. '. Drowned'?' ?'' 'Yes, Bernico. It wns n terrible i.cci dent. Tho boat— a fishing craft— went down in a gale, with all on board,' 11 Dead I— drowned I' repeated tho low, piteous voice, with its wild strain of incre dulity. 'Dcndl Oh, Heaven P The girl covered her face with her hands, and wns motionless and dumb in lwr great horror nnd despair. Uonk did not dnro to brenk the silence. Ho hnd expected tenrs and moans, and wns awe-struck nnd fright ened nt the manner in which Bernice hnd received the fatal news, The slow minutes woro on, Bernice lifted her head at last, nnd turned toward him her whito, nnguishcdfnce, and her eyes full of brooding horror. She hnd shed no tears, and Monk trembled ns he looked upon a grief so mute, so terrible. ' They are nil gone now,' she said, in her broken voice— nil gone I Poor father nnd mother I ? They arc happy in heaven. It is better bo. I would not have them back.' ' Mr. Gwollan was nfllicted with henit disease, and was on his way to Scotland to consult a physician,' said Monk, soothingly. ' He could not hnvo lived much longer, nt the best. They have sent out a new minis ter to St, IC'lda, and you mi»y fiud no placo there.' ' Is there a place nnywhero for me ?' nsked Bernice, brokenly. ' I hnvo no right to nny name, no homo nnywherc. I nm only n dependent upon you. I did not mind thnt, Gilbert, when I expected to go back to Hoy nnd to hnvo menus to repny you, at least for the money you havo expended on me so gciioruiusly ; but now I I cannot be. dependent 'longer. If 1 have ceased to be Koy'a wife, 1 havo ceased to bo your sister. I ahull no longer bo a dead weight upon you.' 'My poor little Bernice? Whnt enn I say to you ? You are no dependent upon me. I freely give you all I have. I loved you ns a brother from the moment I saw you. It wns that brotherly love that took mo to your tomb for a last look upon your face, It wns that love that made me refuse to believe you dend, even when Chetwynd hnd caused you to be put, ns he supposed, 'or ever out of his sight. During these past, fifteen months I hnve v niched the unfolding of your beuuty with tenderer nftection still. And now, Bcrnicc, I love you with nil my heart and soul. Come to mo, Bernice. You arc not nlorc wh'le 1 live. Come to me, my dnriing. Bo my wife, and let me devote my days to tho task of making you happy.' Ho held out hiB arms to her, but bIic shrank from him, trembling like a leaf. 'And you, nlso I'1 she whispered. 'I havo lost my last friend. Ah, now I am in deed atouc P 'I do not understand .you, Bernice.' 'My friend is transformed into n lover,' said Bernice, sorrowfully, ' and I have lost my friend.' 'But you have pained fnr more thnn you have, lost, Bernice,' eaid Monk, gently, yet urgently. 'You have gnined some one to share your sorrows, to minister to you, to rejoice with you in your jo.vb, to weep when you weep ; some ono to whom tho world is brighter because you live in it ; some one who, for your snko, strives every day to be a better and nobler man.' 'Oh, Gilbertl Don't talk to mo like this I All I havo left is my self-respect, and thnt I must maintain. To bo perfectly frank with you, my French governess has repeatedly asked me what relationship I bear to you, and has often told me that, if I were not your relative, nor a young lady of fortune under your guardianship, I ought to leavo your protection, for my very name's sake And so, Gilbert, I am not going hack to 'Mawr Castle. I want you to crown all your obligations to mo by letting me re main hern at this hotel with Mrs. Crowl, until you can procure for me a suitable situ ation.' 'You aro surely wild, Bernice, iBlmll not consent to this absurd Bohcmo of self support. If you will not be my wife, you shall bo my sister and ward, but I slmll not let you go from mo. In time, I know I shnll win you to bo ray wife.' Ho arose,took her hand and felt her pu'se. It wns throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. Ilofcured to excite her by fur ther discussion, and to strengthen her in her now resolves by further combating them. After a few remarks, therefore, on indifferent subjects, and an expression of sympathy in her bereavement of her foster parents, Monk took his departure. Ho closed tho door behind him softly, and went down staim and out into the street, half nngry with himself fur having branched the subject of bis love until after Sylvia's marriage to Lord Ohetwynd. On Bernico being left to herself, her thoughts reverted to her fosterparenlB, and the tears that had refused to fall before fell now in a heavy rain. Tho violence of her grief soon exhausted her. Palo, and with short, sobbing brcnths, she lay back in her chair like a flower nearly beaten out of life by some fearful storm j and as Bho lay there tho doorBoftly opened, and an old woman in tho rusty alpaca gown, a scuttle bonnet, and a heavy black lace voil over her face, slowly and silently entered the room, closing tho door behind her. It was the Hindoo ayah. The old East Indian ayah's disguise wns perfect, and Burnice could not have detected under it her mortal enemy. It must havo been, then, some subtle instinct that warned young Lady Chotwynd of tho near presence of danger. Sho rose up swiftly and silently and retreated toward the door of her bed room adjoining, her big brown eyes dilating, and her whito face, under all its calm bravery, indicating a quick, spasmodic terror. 'This is a privato room, madam,' Bho said, with n gesture toward the door, en deavoring tc speak quietly. The disguised ayahenme a pace nearer. Something in her Btealthy movement, liko the springing step of a tiger, reminded Ber niee of the Hindoo woman, and she knew her undor all her disguise. Tho young marchioness rande a further retreat. ?'. 'If you dirndl withdraw immediately,' said her. ladyship, » I ehaU . ring this ,bellfll.'.'V:.i-'..v..'':'.:..';.-.;.;.~;.'-. . ;-'-:?. -A.'.- ?-,?: ': -.':: :' Ths nyah fumbled in her pricket nml drew forth a soiled Ec:npof poper, i-n which some words woro written. Then sho moved to ward young Lady Chetwynd, extending the paper ire she did 80 ; and Uurnicu's sharpened vision caught the gleam of a glEss viul in tho womau's hand. Tho young girl hnd conceived nn nwful terror of tho Etcnllhy Hindoo. Sho knew that tho womnn had followed hor up to London with intent to kill her ; an. I on tho moment, ns the woman thus npproached her with the extended document, the girl sprang back into her own room, nnd closed Ihe door nnd bolted it, in a panic of nffrighl The not announced to tho Hindoo nynh thnt her identity wna discovered, nnd that nothing ictnnincd for her but rctreut. She mndo tho retrent immcdintcly.slipping back to her own room, nud leaving her door Shu hnd barely thus hidden herself, when she heurd n rustling sound in the corridor, nnd beheld from Via gloom of her darkened room tho powerful figure of Mrs. Crowl, ns that person, laden with parcel, passed into Lady Ohctwynd's parlor. Bernice had told Mrs. Crowl of her sinister visitor, but both BUpposod that the Hindoo woman hnd quilled tho house, nnd they did not consider it wise to raise a futile Iho various cxcitcmcnta of tho evening had altogether provoj loo much for Bernico to endure cnlraly, nnd sho went to her bed. Mrs, Crowl snt up to acquaint Monk with tho fact of tho iliudoo woman's visit. Gilbert Monk was passing the door on his way to his own room about ton o'clock, when Mrs. Crowl, recognising his step, vent out and called him iuto Lady Chetwynd's parlor. She told him of Ragoe's vieit, and he. listened in honor nnd nmnzement. ' It seems, then,' said Monk, ' thnt the old Hindoo witch has discovered Ilornice'it assumed name. She must havo followed up up from Eastbourne to this very hotel. She means dentil to lSernice. We must watch our charge. Wo will leavo London in the morning, and wo must contrivo to throw thnt witch oft our tinil. If she were onco to know the way to Mnwr castle, liernice would never be snfp. This is n bad business. I nm unensy — nfrnid.' He went up to his room with a gloom unou him that he could not shake off. Meanwhile Bernice, alone in horown bed room, wns not nsleep. She was thinking. She reviewed in detnil all tho events of her short life. She realised her desolation. She snid to heraulf thntsho wns forgotten by nil who know her, and that there wa3 no place for her on enrth ns Bernice Chelwynd, Sho shrank from living longer dependent upon Gilbert Monk. Shu believed now that ho expected a recompense for all his caro of her in the shape of her hand in marriage. Loving hor husband with all her heart, sbo could not many Monk. And, strangely enough, now that Monk hnd avowed for her a'.ovc deeper than the love of a brother, she bcL'.m to shrink from him and to feel n sense of repulsion against him. She must earn her livingsome limo ; why not begin at once ? Siic was fully competent to instruct children ; why should Bhe not do bo ? She could not return to Mawr Castle, nnd Monk would not consent to allow her to leave his care. She must, then, if she in tended to help herself, 'go away 'secretly. And in stealing away from those she be lieved to bs her friends, Bernice believed that Bhc would nlso escape from the one sho know to to ho her enemy. She began to be in hnste to bo gone. At dayhrenk Bernico wns up and drcased. Mrs. Crowl had not visited her during tho ni^ht, and wns now sleeping heavily in her own, room on tho other side of tho parlor. Bernice had put on her travelling costume, her only outer garments at command. Her little bag hnd been packed by Mrs. Crowl for travelling. Sho put on her lint, nnd then sat down at her window, emptied her pocket-hook in her lap, and counted her small heard of money, fiuding thnt she poa scssc.l sonic fifteen pounds. Sho put her pockc-tbuuk in her bossoin. nnd buttoned her dress anil jacket over it. She tied on her scarf and her doubled gray grenadine veil. Sho wns all ready to start and bcKnn to find a positive relief in tho thought of battling with the world for her bread. She waited n little till the tido of shop pirls began *o more along l'iendiily towurdt) lucent Circus, nud then, with her heart throbbiug wildly, sho arose nnd unfnHtencd her door, nnd Btolo into her private parlor, has: in hand. Sho could henr Mrs. Crowl breathing heavily. Sho crossed the floor nnd let her self out into tho corridor. Gilbert Monk wns steeping In his room, and old KagcewnB nlso asleep in her chamber opposite, unsus picious of the fact that her prey was escap ing her. Bernice glided down til's stnirs unnoticed. Sho paused in the lower hall. The door nt the privnto entrance wns open, and a boy wns engnged in scouring the stono steps. As Bcruico appeared, he strangled out into the street to speak to a passing shop-boy, and young Lndy Chetwynd passed out nt the open door into the street unchal lenged. — (7i- be Conliiiwii.) Tmnti: was once. a Sootch farmer famed for hia strength, who was often challenged by people from a distance who hnd heard of his reputation, . Ono day there arrived from London Lord D., a well-known amateur pugilist, He found the Scot working in a field. ' Friend,' Baid hia loidship, alter flrut tying his horse to a tree, ' I have oomo a long way to sea which of ua is the best wrestler,' Without sayirg a word tho farmer seized him around the middle, pitohed him ovor tho heilRo, and resumed his work. His lordship slowly gathered himself to gether, whereupon tho farmer said : ' Well, havo you anything more to Bay to mo I' ' No,' replied Lord D., ' but perhaps you'll be bo good as to throw mo my horse.' Mr. BnowHiN'o used often to speak to friends of the only ocouf-ion on which ho over spoke to tho queen. Sume years ago, tbo Into Dean of Westminster and Lndy Augusta' Stanley invited him among others to tea at the Deanery to meet the queen, nnd Curly le was ono ol tho psrty. The queen began to talk to Carlylo and expressed her opinions on some aiattor with whioh he differed, end ho, as usual, contradicted her and nilenced her. As the queen'lcf t Iho room, uho stopped at the door to epcak to Mr. Browning und Bay good-bye, remarking : 'What a very extraordinary man Mr. Carlylo is 1 Does ho always talk liko that 7 I never mot him before.' Mr. Browniog was only able to assuro her that it was his invariable ouatom. A btouv ia told of a cortain mayor of Cork who headed a deputation to the late Emperor of the French, and commenced an oration to bis majesty in what he conceived to be the Frenoh tongue. 'Pardon mo,' Baid tho emperor, after ho had listened to the speech with much patienoe; '' English I know fairly well ; but I regret to say, I havo never had an oppor tunity of Btudying the Irish language,' lUraLBri : ' I saw lire. Kendall in ? A Scrap of Paper ' the other night.' Dazzlcr : ' And they eall her a moral woman I Well, I should liko to see my wife exhibiting horsell in that make-up.' ' ' '....? Two Irishmen walking along Sutter etreot Btopped under a Bign printed in Hebrew let tors. ' An' what's that, Moiko ?' aiked one. ' Begorra, rdunno but ef Oi had°moi flute, haDg mo ef Oi wuldn't troi to play it.' The difference between a bachelor and a banker is that one is a lonesome fellow and tho other Ii a low sum fellow, : : f - : 