STORIES F'ROM THE BUSH. No. 1.-THE DEAD RIDER. By WA~TrLl-.EBLSSOn. WTe were sitaying at one of the most pie turesque watering-places in this colony, and while on an excursion to one of the numerous lions of the locality, "foregathered" with two surveyors who had first seen the place in its primitive state, and who ihad, in fact, helped to survey its not yet very well. developed roads. In the evening we stairled out on the pier at that fittest of all times "'Twixt tile gloan inc and the murk," while the seat shone pole acd mysterious beneath Its. It had beau a roastin~ hot day : but now, with the breeze off the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for an of a t hobetter name. 1 call sea-dew), we felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. I toid, "Thin seasweed smell is sugges tive of ghosts." "Why':" asked someone. ' Well," lhe said, " it's well Iknown that ghosts are genettUy a colmpound of water salt water by preference--ad diead bodies." " Iut these are no dead bodies about, are there :" hastily inquilrd it lady. "Not that I know of," said the surveyor, cheerfully, " but let's take a seat and I will spin you a yarn which illustrates the theory." We sat down, and lie told us a story, the details of which I'vr quite forgotten, except that it had something to do with'l church. yavd by the seas, and was sufficiently inmpres sive at the tilme, besides proving his theory to his own satisfaotion. fBut once start so fascinating a subject with surroundings so in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire mmnentuna us far as it goes on, likto the stone. rolled from the hill. . " I know a true story," said orid of the ladies, "which had sonie connectioi with relations of my own." "That is a suflicient gunarantce,' said one of her comppaLicnkLs in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, " Ex cuse my smiling." But the lady, being on cousraged to proceed, began-" Many years ago niy uncle and aunt spent a winter in the south of France. The railways were not so numerous or well imanaged as they are now, and the most ppopular way of getting to and fron England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have all heard of the wreck of the Grmnone. She was crowded with passen gers going home for the summer. ity unclehad taken a catbin, but being a very kind- hearted mail gave it up at the last moment to ans old gentleman whoso life was despaired of, ansd whosa only wish wes to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among the passengers was i delicategfirl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad for her heodth. Her mother in n:uglaad, knowing sheo was with friensls, and also be leving that my uncle and aunt were on bouel, felt no anxiety about her, but was looking forward eCgerly to her return. On the night of the wreck shle was awlrkeneid by a sudden light inl her room. and, looking up, she saw her daughtoer, cloted in white, standing before her. "'3lother.," she said, '' the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, and I have saved only this," touching her robe. " What is it " n?ltcd her mother feebly. "It is the robe of Christ's righteousness," said the girl; and gently the vision faded away, leaving the mother alone with her grict. Next day, when their oldclergyman and family friend ',amen in great distress to break the news, the widow said, " I know it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that my daughter is ' not dead but gone before.' There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions,I have completely forgotten their names) knolcked the ashes out of his unromantic pipe, and said, quietly, " I will tell you what 1 once saw in Queensinnd." ' "We were camped far, very far, out in the bush, scores of miles from the nearest out stations. One night, as we eat rather late over the camp fire, we were startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs inl the distance, las it were galloping madly. It came nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold of us. We jumped up, and tried to scatter the embers of our tire, but we were too late, and in another moment a horse galloped into the circle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back ; but why was lid bonding so low, as if in ironical salutation 1 And why was his face of so strango a hue ? Dead ! Yes, stone dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved ;for, though after decently burying hinl,'weo made many inquiries, neither at a station, town ship, nor bush shanty did we over hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together." After a while " That is not a ghost story," said Surveyor No. 1. " It's a teie story," re torted the other. But we were all shuddering. Tho "murk" had taken the place of the "gloaming," and with one accord we turned our backs on the sea, and went in to the music and liglhts. 