THE STORYTELLER. Madame Leroux. By Mrs. Trollope. Chapter IX. The correspondence with the Oxford don led to an unexpected incident. Sir Lionel, in his letter, had given Dr. Lux a general invitation to inspect his library and to .be his guest, should circumstances ever bring him into the neighbourhood of Westfield ; and nr. lux, t a King me Daronet at his word, wrote in reply that, happening to find himselt in Sir Lionel's county, he would have the pleasure of presenting him self at Enderby Court on such and such a day, if that date were convenient. Sir Lionel was fluttered at first by the idea of receiv ing a stranger. But when Lady Charlotte had shown him that he need be subject to no trouble or constraint, when she had promised to explain to Dr. Lux the pre carious condition of Sir Lionel's nervous system, and when she had finally volunteered to assume all the care of entertaining the visitor whenever Sir Linntl should get bored — she begged pardon, she meant whenever Sir Lionel should feel over -fatigued — then he began to consider the matter complacently. ' Of course it is a distinct compliment, his coming,' said Sir Lionel. ' I am conscious of that. The books -well, there is nothing in my library of such extreme rarity — at all events, nothing in his special line of study— as to tempt a scholar of his eminence, unless he looked forward to something besides, eh, Charlotte ?' Lady Charlotte fully thought that the Oxford gentleman did look forward to something besides. And she was on the point of saying that Dr. I.ux naturally would feel sure of splendid entertainment in the bouse of the wealthy owner of Enderby Court, when Sir Lionel saved her from that blunder by udding, ' No doubt he per ceived from my letter that he was not coming absolutely into Breotia. There is a certain freemasonry between the learned — or I should rather say, perhaps, between students of every degree. Do you think he can have seen my little monograph on Amweli Abbey, in the County Antiquarian Magazine ? Ecclesiastical archi tecture is a liobbv of his, I believe. Possibly I might, if I were feeling strong enough, drive him over to the ruins some day while he is here. 1 could illustrate my views on the spot, and it might interest hm.' Lady Charlotte encouraged him in forming pleasing anti cipations of the visit. She did not now disbelieve in the de licacy of her brother-in-law's health, any more than she bad done at first. But during the weeks she bad passed in his house, her observations had caused her to think that he led too sedentary and monotonous a life, which made him fanciful and hipped ; and that nothing would be better for him thau to have his spirits roused by a little congenial society. And then, moreover, this break and chauge in their lives would furnish a good opportunity for earn ing out a plan which she had been gradually maturing in her mind ever since that little scene with Lucy in the schoolroom. She wrote privately to Lady Grimstock, begging her to invire Mildred to Grimstock Park. She guardedly explained to Adelaide that she wished to wean her niece Irom tbe close companionship of a girl of in ferior birth, with whom, since ber mother's death, she bad been allowed to become inti mate. The invitation came by le tum of post. Lord and Lady Grimstock would have much pleasure in welcoming their niece ; and they were delighted to do anything to please Char lotte. It is so much more exhilarating to do little favours now and then — or even great favours— than to be called on periodically for assistance, the granting of which comes to be looked on as no more than your duty, and the withholding of which would be considerfd an injury. Certainly tbe Griin etocks had never expressed any joy over the payment of the quarterly allowance which the Earl disbursed to eke out the miserable little annuity secured to Charlotte under her mother's marriage settlement, ' I don't say you can refuse to continue it, Reginald,' Lady Grimstock would say to her husband; 'but it is a drag, and there are the two younger boys to be thought of ! ' But now Charlotte had ceased to draw her allowance, and Adelaide was really glad of the opportunity of proving that she had the kindest feeljng towards her husband's sister personally, and that it was only her poverty which she had objecfed to. ' Aunt Adelaide has taken time enough to think about inviting me ! ' said Mildred, when the news and the letter were communicated to her. ' I don't believe I have ever been in her house, except once, when I was a little baby. I have heard mamma say she took me there.' Lady Charlotte undertook to explain this in a con ciliatory and almost coaxing manner. Lady Grimstock had been occupied with tbe care of her own babies ; she and Lord Grimstock had spent some time abroad for the sake of their second boy, who had been sickly ; since their return to England, Lady Grimstock had been constantly in mourning for the death of near relatives.' ' I am very sorry she has had so much trouble,' answered Mildred ; ' but I don't think I want to go to Grimstock Park.' It did not, however, cost Lady Charlotte very much {rouble to change the girl's mind on this point. She spoke of Lord 3rimstock's peculiar affection for her mother,' Jane had always been his favourite sister (and here Mildred's memory of things her mother had said to her corroborated her aunt's words). She said that he would feel hurt and surprised if his niece showed herself cold atd wanting in family feeling ; she praised Adelaide's gentle manners ; but the most attractive bait of all was tbe nursery full of children. Mildred adored little children ; and the account of the three boys, the eldest of whom was only ten, and the toddling three-yea^-old girl, was fascinating. ' I should certainly like to see my little cousins,' she said, at length. ' It tney had but asked Lucy as . well, I dare Eay I might enjoy the visit.' Lady Charlotte had sufficient self-command to make no answer to this ; but later in the day, when Lucy | and Miss Feltham were both present, Mildred again expressed her wish that Lucy had been included in the invitation to Grimstock Park. There was a blank silence. Miss Eeltham stole a glance at Lady Charlotte, and immediately afterwards snapped her embroidery silk and tried to rethread the needle with unsteady fingers. Then Lacy said : ' It was not very likely they should do that, Mildred ; and I don't want their invitation.' It would have been wiser to say nothing. But the expression on Lady Charlotte's face goaded her to speak. She must protest againat-tlie- suspicion plainly implied in that glance from one girl to the other, and that disdainful half-smile, that she had been hinting thi& idea to Mildred. ' Oh, but that's nonsense, dear,' replied Mildred in ] her placid, soft voice. ' You would come with me, and ! we Ehould have such fun with the children together 1 I ? dare say Lady Grimstock would — Aunt Charlotte! I I have a great mind to write and ask Aunt Adelaide if j I nmy not bring Lucy with me.' j Lady Charlotte shrugged her shoulders and raised | her eyebrows. Lmcy stinted up. ' I hope you will do I nothing so absurd, Mildred,' she exclaimed, hotly ; ! ' and if you do. I tell you beforehand that nothing shall induce me to go to Lady Grimslock's with you.' And, with flushed cheeks, she hurried out of the room. I Truly, Jacob Shard had lamentably wasted his Lady Charlotte and Lucy, after parting with Mildred.— Chatter X, wisdom off a pefsoh capable Of playing so blindly into her adversary's hands ! There was no difficulty in obtaining Sir Lionel's con sent to Mildred's visit. There were very f ew things he would have refused to his daughter ; and perhaps Lady Charlotte, in preferring the request to Sir Lionel, attributed to her niece some of her own eagerness on the subject. However, Mildred wan, at all events, willing to go. Her constitutional shyness with strangers was not alarmed by the prospect of meeting a large party at Grimstock Park. She had been assured that she would be tbe only guest ; and that, moreover, she would have full permission to spend as much of her time as she chose in the nursery. Miss Feltham had had some faint expectation of being asked to accompany Mildred to Grimstock Park ; but she was told by one of the upper servants that Lady Charlotte had. made arrangements for Mrs. Griffiths to escort Miss Enderby and her maid to her uncle's house. Upon this, the governess at once made up her mind to employ the period of her pupil's absence in going to see her married sister in Kent, with a view to provide a ' retreat for herself in the event of her leaving'Enderby Court. Although, even in her private meditations, Miss Feltham made this contingency hinge upon an ' if,' yet at the bottom of her mind she was convinced that her going was merely a question of time, and that Lady Charlotte was resolved to replace her. Miss Feltham was not particularly wily or interested, but her struggle with the world in her youth had taught her some art of self-defence. And what self-defence can there be for a weak creature set to find its own provender- to eat an not to be eaten — in this carnivorous and pugnacious world of ours, except cunning ? So she resolved to endure a very great deal of morti fication rather than voluntarily relinquish her situation. If Sir Lionel dismissed her, he would probably feel bound to do something handsome for her ; if she dis missed herself, the provision might not be quite so handsome. She believed, from words and hints let fall even during Lady Jane's lifetime, that the family in tended sooner or later to give her a retiring pension ; and she did not intend to jeopardise it by any imprudent display of feeling. Lady Charlotte snubbed her, .ignored her, and superseded her in a variety of ways. 'That was painful, but a good annuity would certainly afford con siderable compensation. During the week or two of Mildred's absence, Miss Feltham would run down to Margate and see her sister, who was married to a respectable chemist and druggist in that town. So the elderly governess was absorbed in weaving her own plan*, and building her own castles, with tbe egotism indispensable for her self-preservation. ' And what shall you d-» with yourself, Lucy ?' asked Mildred, on the eve of her departure, when the two girls were alone together in the schoolroom. Then, before an answer could be given, she added, ' I know, though! You will just go and bury yourself in the library, as soon as I am not here to make you frivolous, and drag you into the fresh air. Warner will have to dig you out of a mountain of books when he announces dinner. And then in the evenings you will sit and drink iu all the learned talk between father and the Oxford pundit, just as I should gobble up strawberries and cream ! ' 'If I am buried, it will be under a pile of half datned stnckibgs. And 1 shall spend my evenings in i drinkiDff in Aunt Snrah's moving narrative of what she j said to Betsev, and what Betsey said to her, and what Mr. Shard said when she told him what Betsey had said.' ' What!' cried Mildred, 'are you going to your I uncle's ? Why don't you stay at home here ?' i ' My uncle's house is home, Mildred ; all the home ; I have. And Lady Charlotte thinks I had better be i there.' 'Did she say so?' asked Mildred, staring at her ! friend in evident perplexity. | ' Not in so many words. But Lady Charlotte has several ways of making herself perfectly under stood.' ' I Mildred stood silently pondering for a minute. Then ' she s^id, ' Do you know, Lucy, I am afraid you are unjust to Aunt Charlotte. You speak sometimes as if you disliked her.' ' J— I like her as much as she likes me,' answered - I.ucy, with a quivering attempt at a smile. | The other girl continued to look at her quite I gravely. j All at once she drew near, acd put her arm round j Lucy's shoulder. j ' You are not jealous of Aunt Charlotte, are you, I dear ?' she asked. ? ' No, no, Mildred ; don't think that! Indeed it is not that ! ' said Lucy, keeping her face turned away, ! but putting up her right hand to grasp Mildred's left, 1 which lay on her shoulder. ; 'Because you know, dear,' Mildred went on, ' that I nobody in the world could make me leave off loving I you. It is natural that I should like Aunt Charlotte, I you know. She is my dear mother's own sister. And besides, she is very kind and affectionate to me.' ' Of course, of coarse!' said Lucy, hastily. She turned her face to her friend now, and tears were trembling on her eyelashes. Don't think me so mean— so ungrateful — such a poor, spiteful creature, as to grudge Lady Charlotte your affection. If she does not does not like me ? ' ' But she does, Lucy ! Why should she not ? Of course she likes you !' Lucy shook her head, and continued. ' If she does not, it is no crime. I have plenty of faults. But you love me, don't youj dear? I shan't care for— for any thing, if you stick to me, Mildred.' 'Stick to you! To] be hure I shall stick to you! Why do you say that ?' 'It is not an elegant or romantic phrase, certainly. But it is just what I mean. I feel so.lonelv sometimes. I seem to belong to nobody.' The grasp on her shoulder tightened. ' You belong to me,' said Mildred. 'We will iove each other all our lives long. I am not so clever as you, Lucy ; nor so good ; nor so — anything, except stanch. But 1 am staunch. You are my sister. I am not changeable.' The two children — the elder of them was little more than a child — kissed each other. Lucy's cheeks were wet, but Mildred was quite dry-eyed, and her lips were set with a determined firmness, the like of which Lady Charlotte had not yet beheld on' that young face. It was a look which Miss Feltham knew, although she had seen it hut seldom. Whenever it did appear in u conflict ot their wills, the governess habitually drew off her forces, and retreated from the field in good order. How many a time afterwards, and in how many different circnmstanrPH. Lime remembered those simple words, ' You are my sister. I am not changeable ! ' And saw once more the fair childish face, with its intent blue eyes, and soft lips pressed together ! 'There was a bowl full of tea roses ou tbe table ; and all her life long the scent of tea-roses brought before her a picture of Mildred JJnderby. But more unlikely things ^ a chance word, a verse of poetry, the sight of a passing face in the . street- - would send 'the electric spark of memory flying through a hundred links to illuminate that scene— the two young figures holding each other's hands ; the afternoon sunshine throw ing dancing shadows of chest nut-leaves on tbe smooth, gray wall of the schoolroom ; and, through the open window, the opulent repose of lawn and fiower-garden, bounded -.by 'he upward slope of the park, with ? its blue wooded vistas. Chapter'. X. The next day Mildred de parted, but Lucy's departure was very unexpectedly pro hibited by Sir Lionel.'- The baronet came down to breakfast with the family, contrary to his' custom. He was quite alert. Not only his daughter's journey was an exciting novelty, but there was Dr. Lux's arrival in prospect. Sir Lionel had taken ? the energetic resolution of driv ing down with Mildred to the station, und bringing back Dr. Lux, who was to arrive by the tram which carried, her away . As they sat at breakfast, Miss Feltham said some words which caught sir Lionel's ear. *? Eh ? What ?' said he, almost sharply. ' What is that about Lucy's going to her uncle's ? Nonsense ! Lucy mu6t stay here, and help to entertain Dr. Lux.' Miss Feltham coloured as if she hud. been detected in some thing disgraceful. Lucy turned pale, and cast down her eyes. Mildred laughed and exclaimed, ' There ! What did I tell you, Lucy ? Of course you will stay at tbe court.' Lady Charlotte had the courage of her opinions, and stood to her guns. ?' 1 promised. Mr. and Mrs. Shard when I saw them the day before yester day, Lionel, that their niece should stay with them during Mildred's absence,' she paid, speaking with the air which had become habitual, and almost unconscious, with her, of utter ing a fiat, from which there could be no appeal. But Sir Lionel, on his side, had passed the greater part ot' his life without being thwarted, and it seemed quite a matter of course to him that he should have his own way. ' No, no, no,' said he, smiling amiably on Lucy ; ?' I cannot do with out toy private secretary, especially while Dr. Lux is here.' Lady Charlotte made an effort to keep her temper and to ? achieve her aim. ' ' I don't know what Mr. and Mrs. Shard will say if ? ' she began. But her brother-in-law did not let her finish her sentence. ?'What should they say? It will not make the smallest difference to them. But if yon are scrupulous about havine; given your word, Charlotte, send down one of the men to Mr. Shard with my compliments : ? Sir Lionel's compliments, and he has arranged for Miss Marston to remain^ at The Court.' That will be quite sufficient.' Sir Lionel slightly waved his hand, as having settled the matter. J ust as he rose from the table his eye fell on Lucy's face. Ho paused, and said kindly, 'You are not unwilling to stay, are you, my dear?' Lucy looked up at him wistfully. ' No, Sir Lionel, if- -if you think 1 can be useful.' ' That's right, that's right. Warner, give orders that the carriage is ready in good time to take us to Westfield-road. Anything like hurry at the last moment upsets me altogether. And see that Mrs. Griffiths and Miss Enderby's maid set off first, in the omnibus, with the luggage; Sam had better drive them. Seud round to the stables— eh: You have sent ? No matter ; send again. Bid thein be particu lar to be punctual. Stay ! The coachman had better bring the carriage roundfive minutes before the time named previously, whatever that was.' The unwonted movement and bustle roused even the fat spaniel from his apathy. He came sniffing round Mildred, and wagging his tail with a doubtful air, as not having quite made up his mind whether the occa sion were one for rejoicing or woe. But all the while Mildred stood in the great entrance hall, quiet and 6miling, and holding Lucy's hand fast clasped in hers. Lady Charlotte, who had been giving orders to the maid, suddenly turned and saw them thus. Something like a pang of hatred towards Lucy shot through her heart. She began to charge her niece with messages for Lord and Lady Grimstock, drawing her apart, so as to detach her from Lucy, who, indeed, spontaneously retreated into the background at Lady Charlotte's approach. Then the carriage dashed up to the door, and in an other moment all was bustle and movement. When Sir Lionel did exert himself bis energy took the form of fuss and fidget. He was helped on with his light overcoat; a certain cushion was placed at a certain angle on his seat in the carriage. He hurried every one as though there was not a second to spare, although it was quite certain that if they started at once they would have to wait at least a quarter of an hour in the station at Westfield-road. ' Come, Mildred! Come, my love!' he cried, waiting im patiently at the carriage door to hand her in. 'Good-bye, Aunt Charlotte,' said Mildred, em bracing her. Good-bye, EIfy ; auf wiaicrsehen ! Yes, father, here I am !' She stepped into the carriage ; Sir Lionel followed her. Just as Warner was closing the door she called out, ' Where is I.ucv — i want Lucy !' A slight figure came flying down the steps, bare headed. with outstretched hand. Mildred seized the hand, and, quite regardless of Lady Charlotte's warning cry, stooped over the side of the carriage and kissed Lucy's upturned face, at the very moment when the horses started. A flash of the bright harness — the grinding of wheels— the swiftly retreating thud of hoofs on the gravel of the drive— and they were gone. Lady Charlotte walked through the 'hall, where a group of servants lingered, and where Miss Feltham timidly made way for her to pass, looking like Ate. When she reached the foot of the staircase, she glanced back over her shoulder and Eaid, sharply — ' Why do you leave that door open ? Let it be shut.' There was an instant's pause. Then Warner said : ' The hall door, my lady? Yes, my Indy — immediately. Miss Marston is still outside on the drive, my lady.' Lady Charlotte faced round for a moment . 'Miss Feltham,' she said, ' will you be good enough to inti mate to Miss Marston that I cannot allow the whole household to be kept dancing attendance on her caprices?' Then her ladyship's majestic back and sweeping draperies slowlv disappeared up the staircase. Miss Feltham hurried out on to the great steps. 'Lucy!' she called, in a subdued, anxious voice. ' Come in ! You are keeping Warner there, and — and Lady Charlotte desires that the door should be shut. Lucy ! ' But Lucy stood some paces down the drive, shading her eyes with her hand, and watching the carriage as it. dwindled in the distance. In a few seconds it reached a turn in the avenue, a gleam of sunshine glittered on it as it followed the curving line behind the trees and disappeared. Then she dropped her hand and walked wearily back to the house. Al r. Warner stood await ing her, still holding the door, and as she came in, be made her a bow. Mr. Warner, though always respect ful, as became a butler of his dignity, was not in the habit of making bows to Miss Marston, but. be chose to enter a protest against Lady Charlotte's harshness. He made some rather' severe observations to Mr. Campbell, thejhead gardener, over a moderate glass of toddy that evening, on the subject of her ladyship's demeanour to Lucy Marston, and, in the course of these confidential criticisms, he used one or two unparlia mentary epithets — such as ' catamaran' — which, it is to be feared, were intended to apply to Lady Charlotte Gaunt. Indeed, bis view of that august patrician was singularly like Mr. Pinhorn's view of Hannah Jackson in one respect— in suggesting, namely, a heartfelt ex pression of gratitude for having been spared the trials of matrimony ! Lucy's heart was too full to notice any of these things. She wandered into the schoolroom, and thence into the pretty chamber next to Mildred's, which had been called ' Miss Marston's room,' almost as long as she could remember. Then she laid her hand on the lock of the library door, and drew back with a nervous fear lest Lady Charlotte might be there. Miss Feltham was in her own apartment, packing and preparing for her journey. All at once Lucy put on her hat, and determined to sally out into the village. She had thought of an errand she could do there. It would be an object for her walk; some occupation to save ber from sitting down alone to think, which she knew would, in her present mood, result in weeping. She inquired of Warner (still chivalrously protesting in his own mind against the persecution by catamarans of such a pretty and pleasant-spoken young creature as Miss Lucy Marston) if any message had been sent to Mr. Shard according to Sir Lionel's directions; and being answered in the negative, volunteered to carry it herself. Her way led past Dr. Goodchild's house; and there, issuing forth from the' surgery, she met Mr. Edgar Tomiine. This young gentleman was known to the postal authorities of Westfield (in their official capacity) as Edgar Tomiine, junior, Esquire ; but by Ue inhabitants generally, was alluded to as ' Ted,' ' Teddy Tomiine,' or ' that there young Tomiine,' according to the rank and age of the speaker. He was Dr. Goodchild's assistant, and the bite mire of certain of the doctor's patients. These were sundry poor and aged persons, mostly women. They would not on any consideration knowingly have swallowed a draught or bolu6 of young Tomiine* s preparing, being convinced that at his tender years he could not fitly be entrusted with the mixing of a black draught, or a cough 6yrup ; and being, moreover, haunted by the grim idea that in the pursuit of experimental science young Tomiine would be utterly reckless as to the risk of poisoning a lone widow woman, or a superannuated farm labourer. These prejudices were utterly groundless. Edgar Tomiine was 24 years old, and as capable of weighing, pounding, and mixing as Dr. Goodchild him self. Neither— to put aside any other considerations — was his ardour for therapeutics of so consuming a nature as to make him oblivious of the existence of the coroner. But he was neither engaging in his appear ance nor pupular in his manners. He was tall and large- jointed, with a brick-coloured beardless face, very light blue eyes, and almoBt flaxen hair. Big as.he was, his clothes always seemed too loose for him, and were generally shabby and the worse for wear. He was a North-country man, and his accent was a favourite theme of ridicule with the youth of Westfield— who were extremely sensitive to any divergence from the local methods of mispronuncia tion. But such as he was, Edgar Tomiine, jnn., was as romantically in love with Lucy Marston as if he had been the graceful and accomplished hero of a novel, in the dim days when a hero was expected to be handsome and charming, and a heroine to behave with modi sty and keep a civil tongue in her head. He bad, perhaps, not spoken to Lncy more than a dozen times in his life, und he had never spoken to her alone. As to her having any knowledge of his worship, the very thought of her discovering it would make him cold with terror whenever he was in her presence; although in the solitude of his chamber over the surgery at Dr. Goodchild's, he rehearsed the most moving scenes, wherein he declared his passion in eloquent language, and she, with a low-voiced ex clamation ot 'Oh, Edgar !' or something equally delicate and appropriate, hid her face, upon his shoulder. Meeting her now, however, unexpectedly face to face, he stopped, pulled off his hat, retreated a step or two, and then stood stock still, staring at her as if she had been a Gorgon ra-her than the beautiful lady of his dreams. ' How do you do, Mr. Tomiine?' said Lncy, look ing kindly at him. She always looked and spoke kindly to him, for she bad an idea, or, an instinct, that he was sometimes lonely and homesick, and always a great deal moie sensitive than he Jooked. Her voice made his nerves vibrate like the strings of a fiddle to the bow. But he could only stand there awkwardly, with his battered old wideawake in his band, kicking one clumsy boot against the other, and 8nswer in his North-country accents. ' I'm pretty well, Miss Marston, thank you. I hope you're pretty well.' Sbe paused a moment, for he stood right in her path, as solid, and to outward appearance as stolid, as a bul lock, and then asked, with a little smile, 'Which way are you going, Mr. Tomiine':' 'Ob, I beg pardon, iMiss Marston, tor standing in your gate! 1 — I was goiDg your way.' He broueht out this assertion with a halfshame faced, half-defiant air of conscious guilt; tor, in truth, he had been just starting in the opposite direction. But he was determined not to risk losing the chance ol walk ing a few yards side by side with Lucy Marston. A girl equally in love and equally bashful would have turned away smiling, and, perhaps, cried afterwards over the lost oppoitunity. But, apart from pride of sex, which in the woman's case would have prompted retreat, and in bis suggested advance, there was a certain brute force about Edgar Tomline's way of wishing what he wished — an intent singleness of purpose which was constitutional. He had plenty ot complex motives and contradictorv thoughts iu his brain— it bad learnt to argue, to doubt, and consequently to fehr and weigh consequences. But by temperament be never jibbed any more than a draught ox. With a burning face and a beating heart he accommo dated his great strides to Lucy's step, and marched along the road beside her, between the clipped nedges, broken at intervals by a garden gate, or the rough-cast flank of a labourer's cottage. He bardly dared to look at his companion, and yet he was intently conscious of every detail of her graceful presence — from the dark waves of hair escaping from one side of her hat to the thick, little, country- made boots that encased her neat foot. In very pity for his shyness Lucy talked to him; and by degrees led bim to speak of his home— a great stone built farmhouse on the edge of a wide moor; and of his father, a yeoman, very proud of his long pedigree, and very disaainful of folks who hankered after cheap finery— material or social. He talked of his five sisters, all well married here and there in their own country side; of his brother, who was the heir to the farm, his father's right hand already, and one of the best judges of cattle in the whole country. And then be spoke of his mother, and at the mention of her name his heart seemed to overflow with love. She was the most notable of housewives; never seen on w eek days without a great bunch of keys banging to her girdle, and mis tress of every detail of indoor labour throughout tbe farm. Her poultry were models, her garden a wonder of bloom in that rugged climate. But beyond and above all that she was a woman of tine imagination, loving poetry and reading it, in her few and hard-earned hours of leisure, with intense enthusiasm. It was at her intercession that Edgar had been al owed to follow his own bent, to study at Edinburgh, aud to throw himself into tbe profession of medicine. All at once the young man stopped short. It was the prosaic cir cumstance of meeting the baker's cart, which suddenly checked the flow of his speech, and brought his thoughts back to Westfield, from the breezy uplands und low oak- panelled chambers of his home, where they hud been wundering with ihe delicious conscious ness of l.ucy's presence mingled with it all like a fragrance. ' I— I beg your pardon, Miss Marston. I con'tknow why I bother you with all this. It can't interest you,' he said. ' Oh yes, it does,' she answered gently. ' I always like to hear of homes where people love each other.' At this moment they reached tbe Jacksons' cottage, and wire seen Ircni the open doorway by Mr. Jackson, who hailed Touiline aloud, and then 'raised his fore finger to his forehead in honour of Lucy. 'You've got something for me irom the doctor, haven't you? ' said Jackson. ' Yes,' growled Tomiine sulkily ; for he would have to go in and deliver the little packet he had undertaken to convey, and thus terminate abruptly hi6 walk with Miss Marston. But the next moment he could have hugged Mr. Jackson to his heart, for the old man said : ' Wouldn't you walk in and rest for a minute, Miss Marston ? I think the sight o' you would do me more good than all the doctor's stuff. 'T would be like a sun beam in the room. And I alius say the sun's the best doctor goin' for rheumaticks.' Lucy glanced into the little parlour. She had a re pugnance to meeting Hannah Jackson ; but as Hannah was not there, she entered. She could pass ten minutes there as well as anywhere else. There was ample time still to carry her message to the Shards ; and any diver sion which took her mind away from her own sad thoughts was welcome. She came in, and, seating her self in, the Windsor chair which had had the honour of I holding Lady Charlotte not very long before, said : | 'You roust not put down your pipe on my account, i Mr. Jackson. It does not annoy me, and I know it is t a comfort to you.' After a little polite Bhow of reluctance, Jackson re- , sumed his pipe. ' Ah,' said he, ' I was a sawney I talking about the sight of you being as good as sun- I shine. A sweet kind young lady like you is a vast deal better than sunshine for cheering a man up.' He had a great deal too much native tact to venture on a com pliment to her beauty — of which, however, Mr. Jack son was a profound admirer. As he looked again at her young face, paler than usual, and noticed the downcust eyes, and the drooping curve of the mouth, he muttered to himself, ' Eh, but it's more like moonbeams than sunbeams lo-day! I reckon tbe poor young lass has been bothered.' Then, addressing the doctor's assistant, he said, ' Well, Mr. Tomiine, and how are you ? And have you good news from Itavenehaw ? You must know, Miss Marston, that Mr. Tomline's father and me's old acquaintance. 1 wqs often up at his place when 1 lived wi' Squire Parkinson ; and I've bought a horse of him before now. Ab, he's a grand man is Mr. Tomiine, of Rgyensbaw. One of th' owd sort. And the mistress, she's a grand woman. This young chap ought to go down on his marrowbones night and morning, and thank the Lord for such a father and mother.' ' I am sure Mr. Tomiine appreciates his parents,' said. Lucy, looking at tbe young man with a smile which made him dizzy. ' We were just talking about them.' Jackson's keen black eyes glanced from one to the other, and he formed a shrewd conclusion as to the state of Edgar Tomline's feelings. ' Nay, lad, thou hasn't the ghost of a chance,' said Mr. Thomas Jackson to himself. ' She's made of a deal too fine and delicate stuff for thy wear. Some thing t' the homespun line would be about thy cut. And, yet, the poor lass has hut a blue look out of it ; what with Shard, as would skin a flint, Bnd grind the orphan's bones to make his bread, and what with my lady, who wastes no love on her if all tales be true. She might do worse, poor lass ! Tomiine of Raven shaw is a warm man.' Then, after another keen glance at Lucy's face, 'But it won't do. She'll never have iliec, 'led Touiline; and thou's just scorching the great blundering buzzing wings o' thee for nought !' Lucy sat resting, and rather silent, while the two men talked of Edgar Tomline's home, and the wild moorland beyond it, wbich both agreed in considering fur finer than anything which the midland and southern counties had to show. ' Talk o' Ecenery.' said Jack son, in his rolling bass, 'where'JI you find such a gallop straight on end mile after mile over the heather, the ground likea spring-boaid under jour horse's hoofs and ihe wind whittling past your face with a sting in it that makes a man teel as though he could jump over the moon.' Edgar was pleased that Miss Marston should hear the praises of his home and his family from a disin terested witness, and encouraged the old man in his garrulous reminiscences, l or Jackson, like most Yorkshiremen of his class, although he could be duuib as a fish, on occasion, had, nevertheless, u tremendous power of holding forth w hen once be gave the rein to his tongue. All at once Lucy's attention, which bad wandered, was attracted by hearing the words ' Ciib burn Farm.' ' Do you know that place ?' she asked, impulsively. ' Eh, for sure I know u well enough, Miss Marston. It's not above five miles from Squire Parkinson's : and we don't think much of five miles in that part of the country. But Mr. Tomiine here must know it better than me ; for it's almost within sight of his father's house.' ?'Yes, yes; I know it,' said the young man, eagerly. ' A farmhouse in a hollow, with a bit of a burn running pust it. I've fished there many a time as a boy. Have you any interest in Clibburn, Miss Marston?' ' 1 think,' answered Lucy, simply, ' that this is the name of the place where 1 was born.' (To be continued .) 