? re— -;?-?:? -. r^v:_. ? ? ? ...-._????._-_ ? 1 ? . . ...?..? u^tj AGTA POP¥LI. ? ?»*? ? 'sj- ' ?' ? By The Flaneur. The ' Glorious Twelfth' is now a glorious ' frOBt.'* Time was when what Brother Stephen calls ' men of mark' — not men of the 'broad arrow' mark — but figurist3 and scientific spellers, such as John Davies— crushed in to obtain the foremost places on the platform, and thundered forth defiance to Eome, or shouted panegyrics on King Billy o£ immortal and immoral memory. To-day they slink in by back doors, stand behind pillars, and remain as mute as so many fried oysters. These men are wise in their generation. They plainly see that Orangeism is at its last gasp, and when the leprous thing gives up the ghost they will be the first to rise and kick the corpse. It has served their turn, and now, like the Chinese, Orangeism ' must go.' As for the few fanatical bigots who not having sense enough left to come in out of the wet when it rains, still hold on and declare they are proud to be called ' Orangemen,' thoy are beneath notice, and remind one forcibly of the lines in Macbeth — 1 MimDEiiEu — ' Wo aro men, my liege.' Macbeth— ' Ay, in the cataloguo yo go for men ; As bounds, cmd greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, cura, Shoughs, water-rugs, and derui-wolves aro 'clepud All by tho unme of dogs!' These things are tacitly admitted by tho clever crowd who use tho Orange Lodges solely to for. ward their own interests, but the fool-headed por tion bluit the truth out before all, and innocently publish their own fatuity in job-typo letters for the whole woild to read. Brother Stephen, for instance, honettly let out the truth when he de clared that 'at present a great many of lha more prominent public men of the colony Bcemed to bo ashamed to join the Orange order.' That's a solemn fact, and the oftener such arch-blundere'g as ' Redfein' Stephen are allowed to fill thecbaic and give the battered-out cause away at less than coBt price, the greater will be thenumber of tho o- who, who a accused of being the followers of King B Billy, will indignantly swear that they never 1 1 heard of the man before, and will want to kick i; anyone who assorts they ever saw the inside of I ! an Orange Lodge. | The speechifying at the recent Boyne Water I . ahivoo was the worst ever let off in honour of the I «?' Glorioua Twelffch'--bar none. Pareon Jones B was bad enough v/hen he placed the Boyne B | obelisk on a level with the sewer monument in fl ! Hyde Park by declaring it waB 150 faet high and fl! 'towered towards heaven/' but the cbairraan ? capped all by pointing out that Or&ngeism; was 9 j honoured (!) by the patronage of a couple of the de ? I bauched descendants of George III. Brother Vivian 8 1 fairly paralysed his audience by his truthful and 5 glowing praise of the Catholic Church, and it ia ? safe to say he will havo to submit his speeches in fl writing for approval before he is allowed to orate fl: on an Orange platform again. As an advocate of fl; the wrong side Balaam could never come within fl cooey of the new member for the Manning, and fl: Sir Boyle Rcche never fired off a more delighfc 1 fully mixed-up metaphor than Mr. Vivian's side flj splitting appeal to the pi tn pie-headed men and ? vinegar-faced women by whom he was surrounded fl to ' band together as one man, and unite by set fl ting aside all differences, when they would be like I the Rock of Ages, beautiful to look upon, loyal, I and respected by all.' Well might ' Uncle' B Abigail exclaim when he reads that lot, ' Ob, fl . that I were there to be writton down as ' beauti ? ful to look upon, and respected by all who knew | me.' » I In the country the .' Glorious Twelfth' fell fl even flatter than it did in the city. The Rev. B Dill-Macky was the only orator who rose above fl the level of a buu-and-glory banquet twaddler, I ? but his assertions were so monstrou3 and I ' uncharitable that ha disgusted even his own I peop'e, and journals like the BathurBt Time3, fll that could never be charged with partiality B for the Catholic cauae, rapped the reverend fl! romsncer soundly for hia s'anderous sfcate fl; ments and uncharitable demeanour. At Mudgee 1 this fanatical firebrand plainly said he felt none I: of that tolerant spirit which had animated the I previous speaker?, and he had nob the slightest I Bymi-athy with Roman Catholicism whatever. I And this is the man who on Sundays prates of I 1 brotherly love and charity ! 1 1 In one portion of his Mudgee address the Sev. flj. Dill-Macky said — | ' They found Rome planting schools and con I vents in every quarter of the country. The priest S; domineered over the parents, and compelled them I: to take their children away from the light of Pub flj lie schools to walk in the darkness of the Church fl schools. While they did this, too, they also fl! endeavoured to put their teachers in control in Hj the Public school?, whereby they could also effect fl| their intention.' H| I will not insult oar readers by roticing the fl; above further than to observe that it reminds me I of Hans Becker's story of how he fought the bear. fl Sound the cheerful tap-room fire Hans related 1 how the terrible grizzly came upon him one flj day when he had 'no gun, no axe, no veppon fl of any kindt to defend himself.' 'You were flj ia a tight place, then,' remarked on? of the Hi audience. 'Vait bill I dole you,' said Han3. fl ' Der bear he make my neck for a grab yoost as I flj was gettin' der fence over, und I vish I hed ten fl poundta for efery time I was scared ven he put his fl . big paws roundt me.' ' What did you do in that HJ dilemma ?' asked the landlord. ' I didn't do I; nodding mit der dilemma,' roplied the mighty |j hunter ; ' he vasn't dero at all, but I yoost fl reached pehindfe me, und pulls oudt my pig fl; putaher's knife und my leedle bistol ? ' ' Hold B on, Han3,' Bhouted a listener, ' I've got you this fl time. Y'ou said you hadn't any weapons about fl! you. Tour story lacks consistency.' ' Did I say fl I hadt no veppona ?' asked the narrator as he fl; slowly scratched his head. ' You did.' ' Ah,' flj sighed Hans, ' veil it makes nodding of a differ B ence. It's all a tamdt lie I'm tellin' you anyhow Hi you dakes it.' So also, Mr. Dill-Macky's story fl: 'lacks consistency' — not to put too fine a flj point upon tho subject. ?I An editor's life is not a happy one. No matter B how he fixes up his paper he is bound to displease fl some persons, and any attempt he may make to 9 pleaso all parties invariably lands him int) the fl; same predicament as that of the subjpet of the fl fable of the ' Old Man and hi3 Ass.' Nearly fl every subscriber has his own idea as to how tho fl paper should be run ; each idea being as dis I similar as a Dill-Macky oration is to the Gospel B aocording to St. John. Occasionally a subscriber fl favours an editor with his candid views upon the 8 matter, and then the unhappy newspaper man 8 either takes to drink, or blows out his brains with S B bow and arrow. I I have seen quite a number of theso woll-nieant 8: epistles in my time, but not one of them was a 8 circumstance by the aide of a charming little note 8 sent along last week to the Freeman by a delight 8 fully frank and innocent girly girl from Gunning, I named Tottie Y ? , who says — 'Dear Sir,— ? ? Please put a little more of the story in as we only I get your paper once a week. It io so long to wait, we ought to get more of it. Leave out a lot of pieces about that horrid old Ireland ' (are you listening, Mr. Fogarty ?) ' and give us more story. Ma says I'm just like 'Norah' in the tale, ' a regular torn-boy / and please put my name in 'Answers to correspondents.' I want to know the right name of ' Flaneur,' and if I may aend or answer any of the questions of ' Fun with the Figures.' Don't forget my name in full, and tell me what is a 'Turkish bath.' Now, be sure and answer my questions and don't forget. ' Mis3 Tottie Y., Gunning.' There is no 'put up' invention about that note whatever. Every line is given G3 writton, and in fact, I doubt if ovea Mark Twain could compose anything mote deliciously humorous and original. And now let me attempt tho impossible task of doing anything like justice to the subject. In the first place, dear Tottie, the reason you receive only one issue of the Fkeeman ever/ week is simply because that ia all we publish. This isn't much of a reason, I admit, but the ' Boyne water' was rather strong at this year's banquet, and we are not so spry at inventing reas )ns as we could wish to be. Touching the charming til*, it is no doubt tantalizing to a volatile young lady to read that ' as the Iover3 stood in the gloaming' —by the way, Tottie, lovers always stand in the 'gloaming/' which is a great mistake, because it is generally damp under their feet and they catch the '-'rheumatics' and get purple tips on the points of their amorous no3es — but, as I was saying, it is maddening to read that 'as the lovers stood in the gloaming, gazing into each other's soulful eye?, Reginald drew the fairy form of Angelina close to his manly breast, and im printing a chaste kiss upon her aUbister brow, exclaimed — ' I swear by yon silver moon, dear love, that this will be/ — (continued in our next.) The 'silver moon' is all right, and the 'alibas- ter brow' is just about as ' comey fo' as the novelist can make it, but it is the stopping so short that, ruins the whole business j and yet I do not see bow the thing can be remedied unless we make the Freeman x^retty near all tale, like a peacock or a beaver. As for ' horrid old Ireland' we perfectly agree with your viewF-, of course, but unfortunately, we have at least one Irishman on our subscription list, and we must pander to his prejudices, so to speak. He is a bit of an enthusiast too, and do you know, Tottie, this audacious fellow has actually written to say that he will come round and wreck the office with dynamite if we don't leave out that ' horrid old tale' and give him more news about Home Rule and ' Garryowen na Glory ' ? Fancy that now ! Touching ' Flaneur's' real name, that ia a matter of grave doubt. Some think he is Pastor Alien, more declare he must be the Kiama Ghost, and othew' swear he is an aboriginal chief called Tahyinah-cooni-wah-boori, or ' The Man Who Wa3 Scared By A Five Pound Note,' but, like our cablegrams, all these reports require confirma tion. However, arose will smell as sweet if you call it a Bathurst burr, and ' Flane ur' cares little what he is called — as long as ho is not called too late for dinner. With respect to the ' Turkish Bath,' Tottie, I wouldn't advise you to have any thing to do with the Turks at all. They are a dirty set (not a bit like ' Maurice' in the tale), and smoke bad tobacco, and wear more calico clothes in one day than you could wash in one week. Besides, every Turk has about 900 wivesp and he keeps them shut up in a coop like a lot of sick hens ; the only time he ever takes them out for a walk being when he runs them down to tho Bosphorus banks to drown them. Lastly, dear Tottie, the Turks don't bathe any more than the Auarchiitsdo, and if you want a real good steam ing there'b nothing like a 2-hours' wrestle with the wash-tub by the side of a smoky blazing kitchen fire. Write soon again, and write often. Will be delighted to find you figuring in the ' Figure' column. Mr. Peter M'Donagh, of the Balmaia Catholic choir, is to be tendered a complimentary benefit orr Monday next at the Balmain Skating Kink. Archbishop Carr on Sunday attenled at Yarri Glen for the purpose of opening and blessing nn-w church. The Archbiahop wa3 the guust of Mr. Paul de Ca*t l!a, of Yering. According to the N. Z. Catholic Times a s -ciety called ' The association for the Boyhood of Our Lord' has been founded in St Patrick's parish, Auckland, by the Rev. Father Gilsenan on the basis of one established by him in Sydney. At Deniliquiu the bazaar opened by the Mayor (Mr. W. J. Davit's), for the puipose of reducing the heavy debt on the church property, has been well attendod. Tho convent stall wap, of course, the principal attraction. We hear thab a good round sum baa been cleared. As a means of assisting in paying off the debt on the now Franciscan Church, a lantern enter tainment ' From London to Rome ' was giv. n by Mr. William Hurwood at Glammis Hall (the old church of St. Leonards), Paddingtnn, on Tuesday Bvening. There was a large attendance, and the Bntoitaintaent was enlivened by some excellent 3ongs by Mrs. F. J. Gow, Mis3 Galloway, and Messrs. Humphries and Vider, the Misses Collins playing the accompaniments. Father Lawler, O.S.F., occupied the chair. 