THE NOVELIST. IN HER EARLIEST YOUTH.* By Tasma. Vol. I. Chapter III. PAULINE'S DIARY. Two catastrophes to record; Uncle Chubby ii in «*ol igrsudma'e linen preaa) lot my ine "Hang it," and I am not to go to the Crokertpanyl In the teeth of two such nffllo tloMi I dort know where to go far solace. Riiiosepfay won't help ma abit, for it ia: utterly loule tossy " I don't cam," when I; do, and can too so much. Philosophy is alt very wellwhehone has an audience' for it, not It gtos a very little way -when otaehaa to pttwb It and practise it too, all by oneself. 1 know that at: this annate Chubbyis saying "Hang it 1" "Jiang it!" orat and over ajppin until he is tired, and although I' am hot Incarcerated in that fwty linen-press *»! Grannie's, redolent of livcitder and camphor, ! ftM as if I could aay "Hang it J" toa Sbsllltarn ay eyre sea-ward, "as people aay jp books," lor comfort? Will » bring a mysterious peace to my thwarted spirit, to see that stretch of bay which (iea at die fhot of our garden, tarn fromdark blsetoWarni. siateeotour ■ inrim'fcMfset.otdoaeajfaa-ibepeoptewbo , dabble in oolonrs aay) thru ;bit of ginger coloBted sky inelt intofamt green, as Its ' edges got mixed with the surrounding bine"!! Do 1 nod tire very smallest spark of eonso > tetisaihthe.iuunisttkahie whiffa »f.briny .air which.reachrny npatfilfi, mingled.with delicious d irony and lemony odours. from the Shrubbery beyond the lovrn? Chubby1* ! tsopokfe issues fohhfrom -hii- anchorite's c*Q wader his latuttstiaus, and opens that MTtmMB shark-like maw of his to give vent to the ghost of a caw. This is an utoerly mis applied quotation, bnt let it pass.! Well, do the mopoke'a tolemn eyes enliven my mnsi nsjs ? Not a bit of it I would rather wee a full length reflection of myself to-night ex pnwrfr toil-Ut than look at Sydney Harbour, painted by a coloniAl Turner in colours which ran riot over the canvas. 1 would rather be putting a judicious Quantum of " Jockey Club" behind my ears, and dabbing my arms with violent powder, than inhale all this perfume-laden breeze, " faint with too much eweet" as Shelley ssya That is a bad habit of mine; that appropriation of other people's best thoughts; but when the very thing you want to express has been said exactly as ft . ought to be said by some master mind, it seems pitiable to pot the thought into your own poor words instead of uniting it down, with two little flonriahee at either ' end, to prevent your getting the credit of it yourself. Bat to come bade to my grievance. There etts grandma! 1 cm see her through the window of the verandah where I am ou ting. It'a not quite light enough to aay for certain, but I can answer fur it, as ail rely aa it 1 were looking at her as steadfastly as the mopoke is looking at me, that afae has Jber " 1 mil and 1 shall" expression on to night 1 wonder if I were to rush into the room all tilorte and fall upon my knees, on that iob-sided hassock near the fender, -and say Cttirc el him aimie pttke 'grawfmirc ■ (it is always beat to coax her in her own lan guage), de urate ait pi'-ie de Un enfant odltx ! rends la heurckst cetic setde fou l and then to get -up a little sniff, behind my handkerchief, whether it would have aay effect. I think -not X fancy 1 can see graadma assuming that puzzled air of chilling politeness which is so utterly, disconcerting, to .a rampant petitioner. She would htoly. in the most " scrupulously chosen English "of that which I bore said, I do nor return." And I should have aaade a fool of myself for nothing. Oh, bang it! I aay it again. It ia a relief to write down the mutinous words, i should like to go to the linen-press and sing them in chorus with Uncle Chubby! I am . witting at random, for it is getting so dark, that the garden looks like a beautiful un coloured photograph with soy shrubs stand ing oat against the clear white sky. Fifioe is bringing in the lamp. Tea! 1 was right! No prostration of one's self, no eeif-absse ment; would be availing to-night 1 have been pandering over a plan of eating nothing at tea- time, not of sulking {(bat is derogatory; but of looking like a cheerful martyr, sweetly submissive, of course, but still too; broken-spirited to heed snch boddy require-! mente as coffee and cream, and thiu bread and butter. Alas for onr carnal natures JI smell a galette! Yes, Fiiine Is bringing it in, her cheeks hot from the combined influences of bee own triumph and tin kitchen oven.' On second thoughts I won't go upon the: martyr system this time. For one tiring I { am tare it wouldn't answer; and lot another, I we mightn't bare h galette to-morrow. j Half an hour after lea / Oh long evening, when will yoa be over? The short oblivion of aw troubles induced by the galeusis at aa end. and now 1 have nothing to look forward to bat thd recreative pastime of hearing Chubby go through his Ollendorff tor to-morrow. I shall ahk Mm whether he haa the hat bis cowaiu'a wife baa, which is a physical impoosUiility to begin wftli, and he will reiterate in that chanting mono tone of hit, tbat he lias not got hts cousin's 'wite's bat, hut that he has the vest of Ms; toother'stailor. And all the time-Ishall ihe Shmkiin or the Croker's araoolhffoor, : and the beautiful" Danube " will run through, my,.head, and—crowning tribulation, of nil —f hhall see Jamenna Croker—great Heavens, what a name 1-^ewaymg and slip the philosophy wis both equally futile, when X see with ray two dear seeing- eyes ham. awfully pretty Jsmnstns ready, is. I know her skin to be red and whitein the rightplaoes, her note most odJoiMJy straight, and nto tootito a sort of aggravation ol perfeetkm, after lbs style or the Venire Vietrixraouth. Then has absurd Utile don riding manner is irresistible. I feel inolined to^etandprotect her anysd^ though I know she hah just been making * square meal," and can pommel her Mtttebtofhere like the "old woman who lived to awhoe." Thank goodness! Grandma 1s dinning Chubby'# Ollendorff into his obtu to little pate. She will call me to read to her directly. I don't todnlpahe!'# In hHadamnde Oaeqan mood jtofUi^. Msst HWr we fdrefl go through * (ito'AtoiUfcshemiads toy being ntont soft fnw. iygtrtto into toe bettaitt. u reminds htoot mj vots wAhee, I snwose, who; if fSInfelstdwi relied upon, muwhave warned' tor httol ttli ojra XIHce to ltok kt{ toelhuto relrlaiers, and I Mm to be trtd I'm! toeUatogiraagsto hsi not tout I tatMyj hslieue^lt—jpt 1 oanT heto Uriaking .tost j f I %Mo|fcerwiie' ftem, tmi l tia«y bad not besn *0 partial fo mf bUrl- My cheeks have'been mt quite tit thfe coliL-it requites m super human excitementtobrighten them up with, the least bit of that Saab Which has aettled permanently inJamesina's face. In ftrct.my complexion is itll over what grandma calls "mat. ThhxfleMinjrdlstrsctkmof ecribbling1 aboaft (asyaelf (fees not carry my thoughts awaypttqrerty^froriitbe patty. Perhaps at this very second 6ft Francis is talking to Jatnetina in that" tpedsily-interested-in-ibe person- yon-are-tetking-tonsort of voice, mndif fe WiW ygnpve_TBB thiq waltx, Hiss; wilfjampat it, I know, in her own heart. I wonder why we are both so interested in bins'? He has tnwmtmcnt de ia dittin&ion; ah ' grannie hays. That most be the secret of ft lb ere is a something belonging to. Englishnien, an intonation, anj expression,' a something indescribable, indefinable, which goes farther than good looks, or cleverness, or even good morals. Very few colonials have it I wonder whether men recognise this in each other as quickly as we do in them. Oh dear ! Chubby is relegathd to the side-table with Hie ever lasting Ollendorff at bis elbow, and Grandma has captnxed " Fourier" and is opening Comte with an air whkh means business. | Is It so neat an advantage to belong to the I ISnejrtdppMiste'school? ' In afeW,nrinute| a VMrl oF- eonfttted and be wildering thoughts trill atafil -my mind. Bofarthe whole sfstenl of the uhi verse seems embodied to me in the few words*''-Might is right, but then, might raeabs law.and law.means * . ... . , jpandmu, I am -coming. A fkietant j The ties whidh hodnd Panlme's belongings together were of a complicated description. Her grandmother abided by' the h fetich principle of being no older than she appeared. Her appearance, however, varying with the different phases through which she passed in the coarse ot a day, she subverted nature's plans by growing steadily younger, until the hour of bedtime had arrived. In the night Time did double work, but Madame's theory allowed her to outwit Time in the daylight, i On the other band, she yielded herself np to hits in the obscurity. Her only child, Ernest, otherwise Chubby, so called from his pendant cheeks in the days of his fat infancy, was now in his eighth year; her only grand child, Pauline, in ber eighteenth. It was perplexing and embarrassing, but this is how « came about. This stately Frenchwoman had left her convent-school, ber indifferent image of the Virgin that simpered at ber from ita pedestal on die oratory, ber plaster cherub ingeniously perched in the alcove over her white couch, holding in bis smiling mouth the shell of holy water wherewith she was Wont to tmprinkte herself in the morning, her peaceful routine of devotions aud penances, —all these she had left at the age ot sixteen, to swear, at ber parents' bidding, to "cleave until death should her part" to Monsieur Henri Ddaunay, deputy, man of letters, and Liberal. Her family belonged to the con servative type of souls, which cannot nnder ■tand that the "old order should change." To than, no ghastly, blood-besmeared guillotine taught a horrible lesson. An era of martyrdom bad set in, and Heaven was to be peopled by sainted aristocrats and moRxrcbs, whose divine rights would be recognised by tire angels. It was with home misgiving that they contemplated the idea ot seeing a daughter -ot their house become Madame Delaunay, but many considerations biassed their decision. Detaunay, in those days when,a Bourbon King was peaceably seated <on the tktcne, was reticent in the expression of bis true opinions. He married to serve his own political ends, and to strengthen his interests with the Legitimists class, and because Honorine bad hardly any dowry, her parents listened to his pro positions, and sent for their little girl from school, in order that she might be pre sented to the man whose property she was to become during the ensuing month. Delaoaay bed resolved that tire child, who was made over to him should pursue anharaased by marital interference her own little scheme of fife. He was pro foundly sceptical of the average woman's mental capacity or moral strength, hot believed, like moat of his nation, that tire superstitious dement in ber character shonli bo fastened, as exereiaiag a restraining power against the wants of her emotional nature, which might otherwise find an outlet in love making. Hence he was willing that Haaonne shoold be on the beet o! teimi with her confessor, and was prepared to approve of hex continuing in his house the religious exercises which had alternated with the meals and needlework during tar Hie at the convent But the deputy speedily discovered that his child-wife was not of the order of which confiding dtvctri ate made. Her bright Made eyes -shone with keenly awakened interest when she first heard his voice ra the Assembly. In a different amy, but with « charming assumption of wifely responsibility, the bttle pensiauuure held forth to the man of fetters as soon as fthe found herself alone with him, recalling the heads of his discourse, requesting the elucida tion of- unoomprehended sentences, daring even to question some ot his opinions, and explaining the reason of her questioning them, Buggered and charmed, her husband took ber ufrnn his knees, and henceforth she berams his friend and pupil Her quick and retentiwbrain gaaped the most complicated snbjtgm ;.8be substituted Montesquieu and Voltafae lor Bossuat and Fonelon, and before the birth of her Utile girl studied "Brails with ardour.. Delannay's eras hardly a successful career, but he was always tta first qf area in his wifeY eyoa Under the Second Empire he obtained an appoint ment in French Guiana, willing^ expatriat ing fran a country where the prevail ing system ot government irritated and goaded him, but to disturb which be felt would bt worse than useless. From French Gulana he was transferred toSydcey.and ia Sydney, many years later, he died. Theirfirst tibild—FattlloesmothM—auerted theeffect of hex having inbibed Rousseau at the fouutain £ead,hjr proving herself essentially a child of tiatum. and threatening to enact the rut of "La Nouvelle Heloise" if she were not allowed to marry a curly-beaded midship mono! nineteen. The do> and girl were there fore k&ted;, and in three months time they qwtailor perpetuilly, and ran to Pfee and arete Dfelaunuy to of each other. "We will take her.bomeagain," they said at tstii wearied out by these constantly recurr ing scenes. A grimmer whiter, however, " ' .unexpectedly, and settled the "ot ever. AssiaU tombstone in a doeed-np cemetery ha Sydney records that it Ja sacred to the memory of Rosalie—beloved wife of Guthrie VyoBfe-sttd ii further adds In neatly tabulated sentences, that she died in child-' birth, or tot eighteen. Neither Montesquieu nor RotasestU availed when her mother bebsld the statuesque corpse ot ber wilful dsxUqg lifted into the loathsome coffin. Guthrie cried and sobbed like a penitent f yet to go throughbiabl! wittfnl brown eyes and & tale firSt They ailed tier Pauline, a* d. tHbpte to -Henri Delaunay's recollection of his mother. aid loved her with an intensify Wot dictated byi o! Bound philosophy. Ten] the principles _ __ ^ rests Ister occurred an unexpected contin gency. A second child born to Madkme] Delannay. This time she did not read Rousseau, bat kept the little Pattltne con-' ■tantlytnr ta side, and recounted to her ia broken English the traits which had dis tinguished her mother as a child. When Chsbby*D wrinkled tittle visage was first broughtto his niece to be kissed, the child considered him critically " Wfil it always be so ted!"she asked at last,and. on bring assured that from a miniature Chodktaw Indian it would devriope Into a sort of animated "wak-d≪, she was apparently tnnch relieved. Her Uncle Chubby began bis career u her plaything—-it is said -that she held him head downwards as an experiment in the minority of his babyhood. His first Bteps sad first wprds were to her matters of the profonndest interest From plaything he became playmate and companion. She did think it possf not think it -possible that she conld ever lave any human bring as she loved Chubby- Her father meant simply a vapid young man, who some years ago had paid a flying visit to the Col6nm8,aiidiiad come to tbfe North Shore to See his tittle' giri. Bhe had beta - -very shy and he hud been in 'the predicament oi in creating her shyness. Pauline was iidt sorry when papa said good bye. He was at' Malta now, whither every three months she des patched -four pases, fined wfth her" square nend-writing, st a great cost of labour to her self, and a sense of immunity from trouble for another quarter of a year. Her grandfather's death happened while Chubby was etill a baby, and Panline dated from it the hard expression that came at timet into Madame DeUutmy's eyes. "She remembered seeing her grandmother beating her hand* on the coverlet which concealed her husband's body, in an abandonment of despair. Madame Delannay coald speak of Rosalie, and habitually cried when she spoke of her; of.her husband she never spoke, and when Pauline was inquisitive in tbe matter of family . chronidea, Fifine would tell Mademoiselle of her " Bon-papa " and assure her that it was a minute comme, & riy en a pas when he was alive, whereupon Mademoiselle would bexeized with a spontaneous sentiment of pity for her grandmother, as she pictured Chiibby in Monsieur Defauoay'a place, and j herself in Madame's. She tried bard on this particular night to soften her mental attitude j towards her grandmother by recalling all that Fifine had told her, but Madame Delannay'a rejuvenescent period of tbedayhad , set in, and the jets of gas overhead threw their light on two Bmooth fronts of black hair, artistically fastened to a flattering edifice of the haziest crape, and a face which seemed to reject sympathy. The same light flickered over the beonze coronal which surmounted Pauline's head, and brought out strange metallic gleam of dark red gold. The little white frill rimcmg caressingly round her small round throat encircled a neck soft and whits like a child's. There was mute resistance in Pauline's entire attitude. Her eyes, in which, when she was excited, yon saw some wandering sparks of the colour which crept round the twisted coils of her dark hair, were moodily fixed on the book before her. Her red rebellious lips movedH unwillingly. The crimson background of the " prie-Dieu** threw into rriiet her colourless face, suggesting a study by Van Dyck, There was promise of much future majesty in the tine which aweptirom her ear downward', recalling to anyone who had closely studied it, a certain side vietr of the " Venus de Melon " as she stands on her pedestal in the Louvre, queen regnant by right of the dignity which no mutilation can take from her. But Pauline's profile, distinguished by an infantine boss, with an upward turn in it, in nowise resembled that of a Greek goddem, but possessed rather a certain defiant origin ality of ita own, asserting its beauty, in the face of ail the rales of art which bare ever mapped oat the exact proportions of the nose ana chin by rule of thumb H " Tcncz," a&id; Madame Delannay, passing her a needle to thread, after five minutes fruitless probing at an eye which was ap parently always to the right or to the left of the needle itself. Panline tamed the Philo sophic Positive on its face, and lifted two abstracted brown eyes to tbe task. The needle was submissive in her deft fingers, and she was on thepoiat of restoring it with the air of a tragedy queen who deli vers a cup of to her betrayer, when she perceived poison , . that the bard took had become quite blotted outbyasortof gathering mist which obscured tar grandmothers spectacles. Pratina is down on her knees in an instant, the Crokera' party assumes the proportions of a witch's dance, and she herself & a matricide whose right hand should be lopped off before the Is led ton writ-merited execution. "Petite grand'tucre, do be angry, please, but don't be aorry, I implore yen. Why don't you pat me « ptnUawc, like Chubby 1 1 never want to dance again unless it is a pa* seal in the vetandato It is all the fault of my instincts, Fourier would put me in a section of dancing; instruct qb how to live while I was capering ihtbeecnahine." - . Madame Delannay rabs her speejaries-with a half smile in her eyes, and Cbabby thinks tbe moment an auspidoa* one for neglect ing the "pencil-case of his brother-in-law's gtocar" and making a midden: onslaught on a peaceable cat, blinking in dreamless repose on the hearth-rug. "Dia'doitic,wo» enfante: is it then for the distraction par el unfit oi the manoeuvres of the dance, that you regret so much not to go tonightr The eyes that were baffled by the tittle hole hi tbe needle's end ate searching enoqgh now; the eyes that made so tight of tbe little hole are the eyes that are brought to con ahe hole are the eyes that are brougac so c fusion. Pauline turns up the boric, j wonld fain take refuge in Oomte. tt Ti U U» tbh reftnle fYitnrr ernn^mprP • i It is tor the whole thing, grand'mere; the dancing more especially of course." ' "Thou arts Jesuit^ ray daughter 1 Is it that, the first comer inspires thee with sq much that thou wbuldst forget thy; interest, that thou whuldst torget ray, mother's fate, and listen to the first man who ■ b°& But hekan^tmade eofteyrib grand'mere?, —I only wirii he would," (This latter half aotto voce.) . - - "How knowest thou -then oi whom I, epeak!" , . -' The mood which homes so grudgingly into Fsnline's cheeks finds its way there now, -, and prints them forth instant with a colour like the inside of a shell. "I know you want to put me to confusion, gi&nd;'mfae, and'11 know I don't deserve it. Pteaae let as return Co onr metton in the arise of Cotnte, and tell ess whether I may skip Iris prosy seflsotisae <m History." Madams Delannay doss not reply, sad Pauline sees that her thoughts ham lett the Philosophic Positive, and thnttyeoM tteeAM *re Abasing themhelvea befptA^-<pefrAfteA%w^-Aswe Ml liv* (rtwir ml; mandating ohe'wfafatb wfcatenl h«_b*e all the j>aw»«irtaae«g-^tfae- di» (• «o otovtr bially wary of approaching the fire; to her the natac of ioeer wna aatfae naaaaOf a nfaoni, mho mould de»oar<hwf little white mtidenby stealth; Hergmaddawahtcrpondefsen the laat votdi that had btea «M, Baa Sit Francis Segrave reallytnadsaofteynat She ttfthks not flanhe herself betrayed by e?et ao slfaht * change tint fat has found favour in fin em! U is • hmnfUating suggestion. Pauline relates it angrily in her own mind, nod registemmn iwwnrd now thai nefther fan: grandmother, nor nuyone.elae in ths arhole world nfanilera bare the faintest reason lor conjecturag tint she has giwa Sir fnida • pasting tbooght With tins iandebto deterawastion dnly recorded in her brain, she makes *leintof yawning. "Grand'm&rei; Comte'a positivism always sends me to the regions of dreamland. B&ntaSr;, <f dotmen.biat I Chubby* ii it were not derogating from yoor dignity aa an nncle I should take yon trader my in and carry yoa straight off to hod." . 