TWO INFALLIBLE8. ' ( Continued .) If it is here intended that the Popes' of Rome are inheritors of " Peter's 'office," to whom Christ's flock was to be, en trusted, this is as great an untruth as his other assertions. That Paul did not give such an exclusive ' interpretation to our Lord's words, is evident from his exhortation to the Presbyters of Ephesus "(Acts xx. 28), a Church established before that of Rome : " Take heed therefore to yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood." And there was no link between' Peter and the Ephesians. But what , is the testimony of the Fathers ? Augustine, of the African Church, said: "When it is said to Peter, it is said to all, Feed my sheep." Cyprian, also of the ; African Church : " All of them the Apostles were shepherds ; but 'the flocks did appear one, which was fed by the Apostles with unanimous agreement." Chrysostom, of the Greek1 Church, 'in Matt. xxiv. Ora, 77, says : " This was not spoken to those priests only, but to every one of us who have the care of the flock1 committed to us." And Basil, also of the Greek Church, says that' the same powers or commission, were " conferred on all pastors and teachers continually, forward,; an equal power of doing so." Not one of these (though all of them, are impudently claimed as Saints of the Roman Church) acknowledged the supremacy or infallibility of the Pope' of Rome, or the1 authority of the Roman Church. Not one single Father of the Church has applied one of the above texts to the infallibility of Peter, much less to any Bishop of Rome. If our Lord's words, thrice addressed to Peter, conveyed to him any peculiar privileges, it is difficult to account for the fact that Peter himself should have so far mistaken his Lord and Master's words, and likewise what may be considered the best interpretation of words, His manner, as to consider them in the nature of a direct reproof, for we are' told that " Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, ' Lovest thou Me." ' We are not aware that ariy Pope, the alleged successor of Peter, took to heart, as Peter did' in grief on this " significant similitude, that Jesus meant to commit to Peter, and in his person to those who should inherit Peter's office, the care of his flock." Popes claim that succession in themselves, which they have not taken upon themselves " in. sackcloth and ashes." The evident interpretation of Christ's words, is that He now restored Peter to the charge, from which he had fallen by his thrice denial of his Lord. Peter had boasted of his superior attachment to the Lord, and said, that whatever the others might do, he never would be offended. .Peter nevertheless— despite of his supposed infallibility, previously vested in him, as deduced from the words recorded by Matthew (xvi. 18) — had more grievously fallen than any of the Apostles, having denied his Lord thrice even with an oath. He was grieved at the reproof, and no longer boasted of his love, but simply said, " Lord, Thou know- est that I love Thee." The threefold repetition' of the question, to renew his profession of allegiance, there can be no doubt, arose from the threefold denial of Christ in His' suffer ings ; hence Peter's grief. And /this is the interpretation given by the Fathers so boastfully appealed to. The following are a few testimonies : — Cyril of Alexandria. — "Therefore Christ urges him the more sharply to say whether He loved Him. more than these, and that three times. . . . If any rightly asks for what cause He asked Simon only, or what he means by 'feed my sheep,' we answer that St. Peter, together with the other disciples, had already been chosen to the apostleship, that because in the meantime he had fallen ; for Peter, under great fear, had thrice denied the Lord ; He now heals him that was sick, 'arid ex acts a threefold confession in place of his triple denial, contrasting in a manner the former with the latter, and compensating the faults with the correction." Again, " Wherefore by the triple confession of the blessed Peter he abrogates the sin contracted of his triple denial ; for from what our Lord says-'-' Feed My lambs ' a renewal of the apostleship already de livered to him is considered to have been made, which presently absolves the dis grace of his sins, and blots out the per plexity of his human infirmity." Gregory " Nazianzen. — " Jesus lifted up Peter, who had undergone something of human infirmity at the time of the our Saviour's passion, and healed his triple denial by his threefold interrogation and confeBBion." ' Cyril of Jerusalem. — "By his weeping he evinced his true and heartfelt peni tence, and therefore he not only received the pardon of that denial, but he also retained the apostolic dignity." .Jerome. — " The question is a brief one. The Apostle Peter blotted out his triple denial by his subsequent threefold con fessions." Epiphanius. — The Lord recalls Peter af- -his denial of Him, and thrice leads him ter to confess Him, to compensate for his threefold . denial — ' Lovest thou Me ? Feed My sheep.'" . Augustine. — " The threefold 1 confes sion relates to the threefold denial, that the tongue might not be less submissive to love thian to fear. It was the mark of fear to deny the Pastor; let it be the duty of love to feed the Lord's flock." Ambrose. — " Peter, by feeding well the flock of Christ with the food of faith, blotted out the fault of his former lapse ; and therefore, a third time he is admon ished that he should feed them, A third time he is asked whether he loves the Lord, so that he should, a third time, confess Him, whom three times he had denied before His crucifixion." Again. "The holy Apostle Peter, aince on our Lord's passion he fell by the infirmity of human nature, because he thrice denied Him, afterwards that he might blpt out and be also loved from his . fall, when he was thrice' ask'ed by Christ'if he loved Him, says, 'O Lord, Thou knowest that I love Thee.' He said it a third time, that he should be a third time absolved." OhrysoBtom. — " Three times He ashed him, and thrice commanded, that He might show how much value the cure of- His | sheep was, and that this was the greatest \ proof of love towards Himself." \ All these are claimed as canonised | saints of the Church, and, with these ji authorities before us, who can venture to | persist in endorsing Faa di Bruno's un- f truthful statement, by a continued sane- / tion of his book ? Not one of the fathers r asserts that by these words of our Lbrd | Peter ' was appointed pastor over 'the I whole flock of Christ. Bishops prevent i Romanists from reading replies to their 1 books, hence the license the writers1 and E speakers take, in controversial works. I More Romish Intrigue.- 1 Catholic Times (London) of May 9fcb writes | as follows " The Hierarchy in India.- I The negotiations between England and tbe Holy See, through the medinm of Sir John Lintorn Simmons, are soaroely terminated, when other negotiations, not less important, ara announced. . These have reference to the erection in the East Indies of not less than | from twenty to twenty-three dioceses, soma , of which will be entirely new, whilst the , others will be formed from existing Vicariates Apostolic. All this hierarohy — a signal proof of the progress of Catholicism— will belong j to the jurisdiction of the Ordinary of Calcutta, , Mgr. Paul Goethals, S. J., on whom Leo XLU' haB. conferred the dignity of Metropolitan. It is with the view of conducting th?B® negotiations snooessfnlly that the British Government has chosen as representative to the Holy See, Sir Adriano Dingli, first jodge of the Civil Tribunal of Malta. Sir Adriano , is a Chevalier of the Order of the Bath, and is : decorated with the Grand Cordon of tbe 0rdet / of St. Michael and St. George. Being a ; ; Catholic he understands fully the interest o his co- religionists, while his experience <1® -j fiss him for discharging creditably the dutie of ai diplomatist." « ; The Secularist Happy Family. — Last week we punlisl boa | Bbort report by the Melbourne Daily Telegrap | of the fight that ooonrred among tue small sec i lariat body in Melbourne, in the Seoa g Hall, between the followers of Mr. Jpsep | Symes, and what are described as the anar chistaeotionof the secularists.: -'The flatter having taken possession of the hall,: wherein Mr. Joseph Byrnes had convened a: meeting on the 20th nit., the followers of Mr. SyineB, procured ladders, and entering - through the roof armed with bludgeons attaoked the others with them, and drove them out ; their discomfiture being completed by a stream of water from a Rose attaohed to a hydrant being tamed on them. Syme's party thuB secured the hall for their meeting, and several constables attended to prevent the secularists from renewing the fighting among themselves. Unfortunately the quarrels of the secularists who profess to set the world an example, have caused the death of one of their number. On Thursday, 26th ult.,. reports a Melbourne telegram, several of the adherents of Mr. Joseph Symes went to the hall, armed with revolvers , which, it is alleged, they were going to use if assailed by the anarchist portion of the secularists. No disturbance however took place, but it is stated that while one of the men, William Jackson Brown, was examining a revolver, it went off ; the ball striking ThomaB Abbott a resident of Oarlton, in the breast. Abbott, died in the hospital, and Brown was arrested. Abbott's dying depositions were taken, and the result of the inquest was a verdict of accidental death. Voyage of the 44 Storm King." —On Tuesday the life boat Storm King arrived at Albany, with Captain Jorgensen, and Johann Millson. These two, with the exception of two cockroaches, which the captain did not like to kill, were the only living things in the email craft, which bad safely made the long voyage from England to Australia. The boat left London on 12th September last year, and reached Madeira in 18 days. From there she went to Pernam- buco, South America, and after a short stay left for the Gape of Good Hope, which she reached after a voyage of three months, getting a considerable knocking about by stormy weather, especially just before she reached the Cape. After a stay of six weeks, she sailed for Australia on 18th March, and reached Albany on Tuesday last, after a 75 days' voyage. On the passage, while Jorgen sen was at the helm one beautiful night, the boat struck a sleeping whale, which spouted and plunged, and toseed the water in all directions, and more than once almost struck the vessel Through storms and cyclones the little craft passed safely, and Captain Jorgensen has fairly proved his claim that the Storm King is the best lifeboat extant. He says the voyage has proved that his craft is unslnkable, and he doubts .whether she can be capsized though a storm tosses her about a good deal. Captain Jorgensen is a Norwe gian by birth, but holds an English Master's certificate. Be brought bis invention out in Melbourne three years ago. He intends exhibiting his boat in the colonies. She is 20 ft. long, 4ft. 6in. deep, and of 98 tons register. 