WSISPEB8 ST THE WIHCS Br "(Iuisce." Evidently tbe Winter Kiglit'i Tele for tbe Melbourne public njawt l>e a faimy xtory if U'Sb to l>e Bucoessfnl. Tlierc is fan »n plenty At tbe Bijou, nod tlie liijon is crammed. Tbere is a rood deal of fun at tbe Alexandra, oaanigDiY wtiuactory and remunerative attflndance.if not exactly a jammed audience. There is fan at 1 tbe Gaiety Ball, and the "House FcU"placard ishnng out with gratify ing ngnlarity about the timetbat (tebegsra is making up nis mind where he will go. Fan too, and Bound munistokoblc inn, forms the staple of the admirable entertain tnent at the Victoria Hall, and the result is that only the early bird oan pick op a good eeat in that quarter. For the rest, alas t neither tbe charms of Juliet nor the graces of Botneb, nor tbe shrewdness of Yorkshire jack Saxon, nor tue court ship of Kitty and Bob, can atone for the absence of a regular tickler, and unless Melpomene learns to set her hearers roaring, Ifoar she will have to wait until the roses bloom again ior anything like pros perity. I like a good, airy house with plenty of room to breathe," said one Melbourne manager to smother the other day. "Then go to your own theatre" responded tbe | a vageperson addressed. "IToall find plenty of room to breathe in there." Formosa the beautiful, but not exactly the good, was revived on Saturday at the Theatre Royal, with a- very good cast and a capital setting. Mils . Edith Bland looked tbe part to adrelra.tion, and played It with excellent taste and ample power. 1 Dio.k AfsVAPt,. In R fgjp srirr lnnir»il tinnil. eotner than usual, and played with all tbe force so weak a character a8 Tom Bur roughs could hold. Atheiwold, as Lord 'Eden, wm very good, indeed, and Boyoc, as Bob Banders, perfect. The rest of the men folk wore passable, but tbe ladies were all what Jeamee calls "Hay-Wun." Miss Wil liamson's Nelly is prettily pathetic, Mrs Walter Hall's Mrs Boker a natural and effective performance, Mies G Wynne's Edith Burroughs graceful and pleasant to look npon,and Miss Tracey quite a marvel as the objectionable Mrs Dudley, The scenery is Admirable. The riverside villa by night, with the city in the distance, the garden in tbe foreground and the brilliant supper room at the side is exceedingly beautiful and the Barnes Bridge scene is very fine, u is the boat race set at the- end of the play The morality of the piece is quite as rood-at that of most pieces, the chief objection ot it being the wishy- washy, namby-pamby nature of the majority of the personages of the deama. ' ,v When Mr Mark Melford hit upon the series oi practical jokes which he strung into the comedy of Turned Up he made more fortunes than one. Ana when the Providence that shapes dramatic ends combined four such comedianB as Mr Brough and Mr Boucicault, Mr Anson and Miss Romer in the cast be did wonders for Mr Melford. Of course there are other persons of importance in the piece, and very hand some and graceful they are, as witness Mrs Brough and Miss Temple j and very sprightly — a little too much bo indeed, sometimes, as witness Mr Ward; and very pompous and starchy, as witness Mr Gurdon. Bnt the fun lios with tha fmir artists first-named, and admirably they keep it going. Mr Brough of oourso, as Caraway Bones, has the lion share of tbe loudest laughter, and deserves it by the wonderful oomicality of his doings. His " kiss roc, bina," on entering a room full of strangers, sets the keynote of the piece, and from the momont when he re-enters, soaked and sodden, after his dip in the river until the end of the play he keeps the mirth going. But the activity and restlessness and readi ness of Mr Boucicault as George Medway are iu their own style exactly as valuable and as necessary to the mirth of the piece, while Miss Homer, who , seems to revel in good practiful fan, enters into the humor of ' her situations with a zest that carries all before it. Mr Anson as a much perplexed sea captaiu, with an inconvenient blaek sweetheart, is not to be t hought of without a chnckle, and the rest of the good people al ready mentioned keep the business going briskly, so that the laughter never ceases. There is nothing new to be eaid about Now-a-days, except that now-a-day's life is nearly that remains to tt. Tb-olgfct the Trades' Hall Council are to patronise Master and Man, where they will have an opportunity of Bseing how the cold heart of the crnsty foreman may be warmed up by bringing him 'pretty close to a fiery futnace. They will also be able to note boa' effectively an advocate of conciliation mayinterposeattbo right moment, when Jack Walton comes in at the nick of lime to save Humpfirey Logan, and generally they will have a very good time. The scene I most admire myself is that wherein the irresistible Mrs Holt persuades the policeman to tiy the home-brewed ale. It is tny opinion that it woula be all over with Sir Wilfred Lawson if she got one chance at him. At the Gaiety Mnsic Hall they have changed the programme, shortened and im proved the performance, and put on a newer and prettier burlesque. Wherefore the money conies rolling in, and everything looks jovial. For a epecial and particular attrac tion amoDff the many I can commend Willie Perman's doncing with a clear couscienec. For a good musical performance m the first part, and a side-splitting series of. varieties in the second part, the Victoria Hall company need fear no rivals. They arc all very good, and the combined effect of the part singing and the orchestra is admirable. Saturday next is to be distinguished at the Princess Theatre by the revival for the revival for six nights of La Tosca, and on Saturday week Frou Frou is to be pro duced. These, with Twixt Axe and Crown, will conclude the season of Mrs Potter and Mr Bellew. It will be seen, there fore, that Romeo and Juliet have only three nights left to them, to night, to-mottow, and Friday. It cannot be said that the management have had a fair reward ior the extraordinary fains, the excellent taste and tho lavish expenditure which have signalised the revival. No Shakespearian piece has ever- heeu so well put upon the stage in Melbourne. Much of the acting is perfect, and all of it is at least satisfactory.' The first night was a crasher, but then the rain act iu and spoiled that week. During the second week the at tendance was very rood indeed, hut in the third it fell off, and'uiis week began with a thin house on Monday. Taken only in the light of a most beautiful aud poetical spec- tacle it deserved a beteriate. Held fay the Enemy is to be revived nt the Opera House, on Saturday. Messrs Macmahon bought the Australian rights from Mr and Mrs Decker, who brought tho piece here nearly three years ago. The revival will bo chiefly remarkable for the assumption of the part of Surgeon-Major Fielding by Mr William K cnold, who created -that character in London at -the Frinccss Theatre. Another nolewortbv event will be the first appearance of Mr Greenawayin a comedy character, that of the War Correspondent, Thomas r Henry Bean. The piece lb a very interesting one, and the scenes at the court martial and in the headquarters of the Federal foroe are both very striking and good in ' a dramatic point of view On Saturday next at tho Bijou Theatre a farcical comedy entitled The Balloon, bv Charles Wyndhsm and William Dnok, will be seen for the first time in Melbourne. Its bomphoations arise from the fact that a cer-. tain Doctor Glynn (Mr Brough) imagines he has poisoned by accident tho aunt of his Intended Wffe, and bo is besides-, wpnied by the return of a widow, Mrs Rip- pendale, with whom bo has flirted In bygone days. He U haunted also bya certain bibulous acquaintance, Aubrey Fitejohu, And to get rid of all his troubles he takes flight in a bsllnon, and it supposed to bate been lost at sea. t>f course he comes back, sees as he thinks, the ghost of the woman , lie thought |ie had killed and has no end of comic troubles before the affair is cleared tip, and the unlucky doctor free to espouse his lady fore. ' Mr Anson will play'Aubrey Fltzjolut and Mrs Brough will appear as Mrs Rippen- dale. , JEhe Bberidao season begins on Saturday, Ifith August, and great preparations are bring made to give the Widow O'Brien every Marine' adornment tbp most . exacting andienoe oonld desire. The ntor last act, to take ptooefa»aMatiUjhtBR<tbe filmeinated 4dtt< the adMri.UtritwnM to be » grrot iBow,1 and. nawy.p«atiB(w galore are A engaged (o Mild 141 (Uc la.i. This will be Nheridm'H Lu»t r.ppcaratiie in Melbourne.' He unffto India at v he end of his Opera House tenn, Avnioh is bnt a short one. . , The Gilbert anil .Sullivan quarrel Is thus snmined up by a London paper s- , Alack ! al. J all, welt-a-dty I What's tin" has happened at the play! Sir A. with G. will hare 00 say, . Ana 11 about a carpet! For years they've sought together feme, And wealth, that's much about die name. And now ihr'r« breathing fire and flame, And all about a carpet ! Yet has the public right to sppalc. For on iheir brad you'd vengeance wreak Tbeir fim you'll slop in this rash frrak, , And all about a carpet 1 And thus who've work-d fqr youeo long, A"d given lifpt>>j»tndi>Qg, Why punish tho- who'v«» d mis no wrong. And all about a carpet 3 Come all yonr angry thoughts disperse, Agree in harmony and -veisr. Yoorquarrel in a bowl immerse, And burn the carpet 1 Next Saturday, at Adelaide, the Royal Opera Company open a season of one month, beginning in the Yeoman of the Guard, which will be Been for the first time iu South Australia. Frank Thornton's season, which ends -on Friday night with Mamma, has been highly successful. On Saturday he departsfor Broken Hill, and after a few nights' performance there goes to England by the Orotava. Harmston'e Circus is still doing exceedingly well and Dick Tnrpln rakes in the money ot tbe lieges with extreme suc cess. At the conclusion of Mr Frank Thornton's- AiIAI.MA .A, AAH MP O P P.M.r BBtl. "America, where he will appear in a new play specially written for him by Mr Charles Bradley of this city who has recently bad a piece accepted at the Comedy Theatre, Lon don, and has another, it it understood, under tho consideration- of the management of the Theatre Royal. Frank Mayo announces that he is coining to Australia next year with a new play with which he expects to make a fortune. Mr Mayo lies long been famous in America as tbe iinpci sonator of the typical hunter and backwoods man of the Path finder species. He has travelled for a con-' siderable time with a popular piece called Davy Crockett, built 011 these lines, in which liis fine manly style of acting is shown to great advantage. Mr Kelly formerly of the Kelly and Leon Company, has agreed to produce, in Sydney, at an early- date, a new American piece, called May Blossom, of which the Australian sizhts were secured by M. 8. Hill. Tho Now 'York Actors' Fund, in eight years, has expended for hnrials and for the relief ol the sick, 116,413 dollars, or L23,2S2 12s fid. The total receipts for that time amounted to 2uG,C02 dollars (L41,338 80). The assets are 75,000 dollars (145,000) and the membership numbers 119S. A good gag lias been introduced in an Amcricjin comedy where two actors arc seen iu a Fcuipturc gallery. One of them makes an apron for the Venus di Medici of his handk'-rchief. Ilic other more delicate still, throws his own handkerchief over his -j Charles Arnold's fi.-fit 6eason as a star in America in Hans the Boatman was a finan cial failure. His contract with Simmons and Brown, his managers, was for three years, and they mutually agreed to cancel it. He goes for a year to England, Aus tralia rud the Orient. The London Unicfy Company have done exceedingly well in Faust up to Date at the Baldwin Theatre in Snn Francisco. The local journals declare the militaiy march in the second act the most beautiful stage picture it is possible to conceive and speak highly of the tuneful, catchy mnsic. The pas <Jc quavic is as popular as it was in Loudon. „ Mr David Christie Murray announces in the Now Zealand Pj-es his intention to adopt tho stage ns a profession. He had de sired to do this in early life, but was dis- euaclod by Mr Mercer Simpson, of the Birmingham Theatre. But on the 8th of July, when Mr St. Maur and Mr Murray arrived at Dunediu, there woe no appear ance of M r Keuudy, who was down to play Baron Harrfclt 1n Jitn the Penman, and there seemed to be nothing todo but to close the theatre, and lose the season. Mr Murray, however, undertook to play the port, received it at 1 1 at night ou the 8tb ; studied it until 3 in tho morning; rehearsed it at 11, and played at night. He had never before assumed any character wliatover, but did remarkably well. He now means to familiarise himself with the stage write plays and create the character parts in them. Considering that Mr Murray is turned fortv- four, and looks old for that age, he must bo credited both with ability and adaptability, to say uothing of any amount of pluck. Ho has since played the Rev. Barnabas Goodcve in the Candidate with considerable success. Despite his marital troubles, J. R.Emmctt has cleared LIS, 000 during the season. IVben poor Johnny, Hail died iu the Mel bourne Hospital his brother actors, who would have holned him before had anyone known he needed assistance, contrived to bury him decent!- in the Melbourne ceme tery in a grave close to that of the late John Dunn. Mr G. W. Anson, of ' the Bijou Theatre, who was the chief Samaritan on the occasion, now comes forward with the very moderate aud seasonable petition that a little help shall lie given by the public, to whom he devoted his talents', for a crave- 'st-oiie to mark the spot where his body repose. Mr Anson ar.d his brother actors have put together L13 of the sum, and an other L20 is required to complete it. Them surely im(:t lie many ad mirers of the Isle urlint who will glndly help to perpetuate his memory in this modest fashion. He was a great favorite both as an actor aud as a manager, and many of his creations, notably his Captain Ginger iu Our Girls are still household words among play goers. We all owe many of our brightest fiouts to the stage, to which we 1-esort with enjoyment At nil times of ouf lives, from tho moment when we jump with joy to find wc u.rc to be taken to the pautomimc, to that at which we catch a glimpse of the happiuos of our own child hood, when wc take our grandchildren to the same entertainment. Even the guilty creature sitting ot a play, for the time for get the feaf of detection and the tortures of remor&e;, aud feci once more some thrill of innocent- amusement. Therefore,' to thoso whose familiar voices charin our cares away, whose faces are as those of old friends, a little help iu time of trouble is due and a little recognition, when they havo passed away, of the good work they did in their lives, will do none of us any harm. Tbe playgoer yho sends a lew shillings or a pound ioMrG. W. Anson, at the Bijou Theatre iu aid of the Kail Memorial will be but pay ing on old debt, &ud; should be glad of toe chance. Charlie Taylor writes to say that The Taylor-Camnqton Troupe. are doing very well in the uorth-eastera district. They played Rip Van Winkle last week in. Beech- worth and Benalla, and this week they are in Nmuurkah and Sheppartom Mnccsbe fe, doing 'good business in the Goulburn Valley. ; In Sydney Paul Jones is repeating tbe success it toid, iu Melbourne. Miss Janet Achurch has had the nov& sensation of continually crowded houses, at the Criterion Theatre in the Doll's House: for which she has successfully substituted' Frou Frou, and Miss Maggie/ Moore is doing phenomenal business as Meg, at HerMajesty's Theatre. Tho Halle-Nornaa concerts closed ou Monday. The -Uev. Charles .Gl&rke; winds up his season at the School at Arts to morrow, and on Saturday will to succeeded; in that building by Mr Harry Richards, ' The Halle concert open tomorrow even ing at the Town HalL Miss Frances Satille is to-be the vocal island both Bir Charles and Lady Halle will appear jn" their choicest e elections. There are but six concerts, which terminate on Saturday night next, "week, when these famoas artiste leave for Adelaide, whence the' sail for Ebgl&nd; pq 20th May. ' My Sydney Correspondent writes —The chiqf event Saturday night was tbe produc tion of Frou Frou at tho Criterion and thougbit rained almost Incessantly tbere was a foil nircle ol fashionable first uightere. Except that the piece might be cut a little With advantage, the representation Is Weft , nearly perfection. In the title role Mfos Achurch poortrayed; tho varying moods of the eiddy and unfortunate Gilbert as only a talented actress could f -wrfaSte'4te-be early scenes ato , dressed . toilifnffy and looked charming. Her gttaleef »n$ccte was in the light comedy parte, which to exceptional ease end naturalness carried through splendidly. In the tngte scene at the end of the fourth act ana the death scene at the close she instinctively called to mind that great Australian favorite artiste, Miss Genevieve Ward. TUbomdpe is vety rood Sartorye and Herbert flamming and Miss En son give excellent support as Valrraa and Louise. Hiscock's Variety Conpanyat the Gaiety have done well in Irish Aristocracy ana to-night put on A Cup ef Tea and the Foiled Mashers. The other shows ongoing along all right. A new arrival from London Sign or Gurma. has been showing at the Bond! Aquarium. He gives wonderful imitations of overs score of English eong birds, and will be seen in Melbourne shortly. . 