THE Courtmg of Biaah Shadd By RUDYARD KIPLING. A r.T, day I had followed at the heels of a pursuing army engaged on one of the finest battles that ever camp of exercise beheld. Thirty thousand troops had by the wisdom of the Government of India been turned loose over a few thousand square miles of country to practise in peace what they would never attempt in war. Consequently cavalry charged unshaken infantry at the trot. Infantry captured arfcilleiy by frontal attacks delivered in line of quarter columns, and mounted infantry skirmished up to the wheels of an armoured train which carried nothing more deadly than a twenty-five pounder Armstrong, two Norde nfeldte and a few score volunteers all cased in three-eighths-inch boiler-plate. Yet it was a very life-like camp. Operations did not cease at sundown ; nobody knew the country and nobody was to spare man or horse. There was unending cavalry scouting, and almost unending forced work over broken ground. The Army of the South had finally pierced the centre of. the Army of the .North, and was pouring through-thè gap hofc-foot to capture a city of strategic importance. Its front extended fanwise, the sticks being represented by regiments strung out along the line of route backwards to the divisional transport columns and all the lumber that trails behind an army on the move. On its r jlit, the broken left of the Army of the Xorth was flying in mass, chased by the Southern horse and hammered by the Southern guns till these had been pushed fer beyond the limits of their last sup- port. Then the flying column sat down to rest, while the elated commandant of the pursuing force telegraphed that he held it in check and observation. Unluckily he did not observe that three miles to his right flank a flying column of Northern horse, with a detachment of Ghoorkhas and British troops, had been pushed round, as fast as the failing light allowed, to cut across the entire rear of the Southern army, to break, as it" were, all the ribs of the fan where they converged by striking at the transport reserve ammunition and artillery supplies. Their instructions were to go in, avoiding the few scouts who might not have been drawn off by the pursuit, and create sufficient excitement to impress the Southern Army with the wisdom of guarding their own flank and rear before they captured cities. Itwas a pretty manoeuvre, neatly carried out. Speaking for the second division of the Southern Army, our first intimation of it was at twilight, when the artillery were labouring in deep sand ; most of the escort were faying to help them out, and the main body of the infantry had gone on a Noah's Ark of elephants, camels, and the mixed menagerie of an Indian transport train bubbled and squealed behind the guns ; when there appeared from nowhere in particular British infantry to the extent of three companies, who sprang to the heads of the gunhorses and brought all to a stand-still amid oaths and cheers. f ' How's that, umpire ? " said Hie major commanding the attack, and with one voice the drivers and limber gunners answered " Hout ! " while the colonel of artillery sputtered. " All your scouts are charging our main body," said the major. " Tour.flankB are unprotected for two miles. I think we've broken the back of this division. And listen— there go the Ghoorkas 1 " A weak fire broke from the rear guard more than a mile away, and was Baswered by cheerful bowlings. The Ghoorkhas, who should have swung clear of the second division, had stepped on its tail in the dark, but drawing off, hastened to reach the next line, which lay almost parallel to us, five or six miles away. Our column swayed and surged irresolutely, three batteries, the divisional ammunition reserve, the baggage, and a section of hospital and bearer corps. The commandant ruefully promised to report himself "cut up" to the nearest umpire, and commending his cavalry and all other cavalry to the case of Eblis, toiled on to resume touch with the rest of the division. "We'll bivouac iiere to-night," said the major, " I have a notion that the Ghoorkhas will get caught. They may iront us co re-form on. Stand easy tall A hand caught my beast's bridle and j/M^lnpn out of the choking dost ; a larger baud deftly canted me out of the «addle, and two of. the liugest hands in the world received m» sliding. PlçaBaufc Is tije 3ot of the special «mnœponflenfc wKo &Qs; into such hands »b those of Privates Mulvaney, Orfteris, wwj. I*»- that's all right," "said the ImheWe thourfjt we'4 find ïaâ» f v J M ^ & f c L the *«fetdh trt»ut ,; from tinder the shape d ^afarta. Tbe'f&âsflua 1 these parts gets sight av the thruck," said Mulvaney, making practised investigation, " they'll loot ev'jything. They're bein' fed on ironfilin's an' dog biscuits these days, but gloiy's no compensation for a belly-ache. Praise be, we're here to protect you, sorr. Beer, sausage, bread (soft, an' that's a cur'osity), soup in a tin, whisky by the smell av ut, an' fowls. Mother av Moses, but ye take the field like a confectioner ! "Ks scand'lus." " 'Ere's a orficer," said Ortheris significantly. '"When the sergent's done 1 listen' the privit may dean the pot." I bundled several things into Mulvaney's haversack before the majors hand fell on my shoulder and he said tenderly, " Requisitioned for the Queen's service. Wolseley was quite wrong about special correspondents. They are the best friends of the soldier. Come and take pot- luck with us to-night." And so it happened amid laughter and shoutings that my well-considered commissariat melted away to reappear on the mess table, which was a waterproof sheet spread on the ground. The flying column had taken three days' rations with it, and there be few things nastier than Government rations, especially when Government is experimenting with German toys. Srbswurst, tinned beef of surpassing tânniness, Compressed vegetables, and meat biscuits may be nourishing, but what Thomas Atkins wants is bulk in Ms inside. The major, assisted by his brother ' officers, purchased goats for the camp, and so made the experiment of no effect. Long before the fatigue party sent to collect brushwood had returned, the men were settled down by their valises, kettles and pots had appeared from the surrounding country, and were dangling over fires as the kid and the -compressed vegetables bubbled together ; there rose a, cheerful clinking of mess tins, outrageous demands for "a little more stuffin'with that there liver-wing," and gust on gust of chaff as pointed as a bayonet and as delicatc as a gun-butt. " The boys are in a good temper," said the major. " They'll be singing presently. Well, a night like this is enough to keep them happy." Over our heads burned the wonderful Indian stars, which are not all prickcd in on one plane, but, preserving an orderly perspective, draw the eye through the velvet darkness of the void up to the barred doors of heaven itself. The earth was a grey shadow more unreal than the sky. We could hear her breathing lightly in the pauses between the howling of the jackals, the movement in the wind iu the tamarisks, and the fitful mutter of lnusketry- fire leagues away to the left. A native woman from some unseen liut began to sing, the mail train thundered past on its way to Delhi, Mid a roosting crow cawed drowsily. Then there was a belt-loosening silence about the fires, and the even breathing of the crowded earth took up the story. The men, full fed, turned to tobacco and song—their officers with them. Happy is the subaltern who can win the approval of the musical critics in his regiment, and is honoured among the more intricate step-dancers. By him, as by him who plays cricket craftily, will Thomas Atkius stand in time of need, when he will let a better officer go on alone. The ruined tombs of foigutten Mussulman saints heard the ballad of " Agra Town,"The Buffalo Battery," " Marching to Kabul," "The long, long Indian Day," "The Place where the Punkah-coolie Died," and that crashing chorus which announces •* Youth's during spirit, manhood's fire, Finn hand ana eagle eye, Must he acquire, who woold «Spire To see the grey boar die." To-day, of all those jovial thieves who. appropriated my commxsBariat and lay and laughed round £hat Vaterprbof-sheet, not -one remains. -They-went to camps that were not of exercise, find battles without umpires. Burmah, the Soudan, and the frontier-fever and fight took them in their time. I drifted across to the men's fires in search of Mulvaney, whom X found strategically greasing his feet by the -blaze. There is nothing particularly lovely in the sight of a private thus engaged after a long day's march ; but when you reflect on the exact proportion of the might, majesty, dominion, and power" of the British Empire that stands on thoae feet, you take an interest in the proceedings. . "TherèVa blister, bad luck to ut, on the heel," said-Mulvaney. "I can't touch ut. Prick nt out, little man." Ortheris produced his house-wife, eased the trouble witli a needle, stabbed ' Mulvaney in^the calf with thé same weapon, and was incontinently kicked into the fire. " I've bruk the best av piy toes over you, ye ..grinnin' child av disruption," said Mulvaney sitting crossed-legged and nursing : liis feet 5 then, seeing me, " Oh, ut's you, sorr ! Be welkim, an' take that marattdm* scutes place. Jock, hold him down on the cindhers for a bit." But Ortheris «scaped and vent elsewhere, as 1 took possession of «he hollow he had gasped for himself and lined with bis greatrcoat. JLe&royd;, on the other side of £?"£, grinned affably, and in a minute fell fast asleep. " There's tàje height ay politeness For yon," said Mulvaney, BghtW ïiifi pipe with a/flaming branch. "But; Jock's £atèn Italf-a-box of yôur sardines at vm »ulp, an* 1 think the tin too. What's the best wid you, sorr, an' how did you happen to be on the losin' side this day when we captured you ? " "The Army of the South is winning all all along the line," I said. " Then that line's the hangman's rope, savin' your presence. You'll learn tomorrow how we rethreated to draw thim on before we made thim trouble, and that's what a woman does. By the same token, we'll be'attacked before the dawnin' an' ut would be better not to slip your boots. How do I know that? By the light air pure reason. Here are three companies av us ever so far inside av the the enemy's flank au' a crowd av roarin', tarin' an' squealin' cavalry gone on just to turn out the whole nest av theiu. Av course the enemy will pursue by brigades like as not, an' then we'll have to ran for ut. Mark my words. I am av the opinion av Polonius whin lie Baid : " Don't fight with ivry scutt for the pure joy av fightin', but if you do, knock the nose of him first and frequint.' We ought to ha' gone on an' helped the Ghoorkhas." "But what do you know about Polonius?" I demanded. This was a new side of Mulvaney's character. "All that Shakespeare ever wrote an' a dale more that the gallery shouted," said the man of war, carefully lacing his boots. Did I not tell you av Silver's - theatre in Dublin whin I was younger than I am now, an' a patron av the drama ? Ould Silver wud never pay actor, man or woman, their just dues, an' by consequence his comp'nies was collapsible at the last minut'. Then tbfe bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made them pay for the fun. Faith I've seen Hamlut played wid a new black eye an : the Queen as full as a cornucopia. t I remember wanst Hogin that 'listed in the Black Tyrone an' was shot in South Africa, he sejuced ould Silver into givin' him Hamlut's part instid of me that had a fine fancy foi rhetoric in those days. Av course I went into the gallery an' began to fill the pit wid other people's hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogin' walkin' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. 'Hamlet,'sez I, 'there's a hole in your heel. Pull up your shtockins, Hamlut,' sez I. ' Hamlut, Hamlut, for the love av decincy dhrop that skull an' pull up your shtockins.' The whole house began to tell him that. He stopped his soliloquishms mid between. 'My shtockins me.y be cornin' down or they may not, sez he, screwin' his eye into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. ' But after the performance is over me an' the Ghost'll trample the guts out av you, Terence, wid your ass's bray,'—an' that's !:<>w I come to know about Hamlut. Eyah ! Those days, those days! Did you iver have onendin' develmint an' nothin' to pay for it in your life, sor 1 " "Never, without having to pay," I said. " That's thrue ! 'Tis mane whin you considlier on ut ; but ut's the same wid horse or fut. A headache if you dli-rir^ an' a belly-ache if you eat too much, an' a heart- ache to kape all down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' he's the lucky man." He dropped his head and stared into the fire, fingering his moustache the while. From the far side of the bivouac the voice of Corbet- Nolan, senior subaltern of B company uplifted itself in an ancient and much appreciated song of sentiment, the men moaning melodiously behind him. The north wind blew coldly, she drooped bean that hoar, My own little Kathleen, my sweet Utile KaMilwm. Kathleen, my Kathleen, Kathleen O'Moore 1 With forty-five O's in the last word ; even at that distance you might have cut Hue soft South Irish accent with a sbovéL \- ** For all we take we must : p&y;, : bufc the price is cruel high," murmured Mulvaney when the chorus had ceased. " What's the trouble ?" I said gently, for I knew that he was a man of inextinguishable sorrow. "Hear now," said he. "Ye know what I am now. I know what I mint to be at the beginnin'av my service. I've tould you time an* again, an' what I have not Dinah Shadd has. An* what am I ? Oh, Mary Mother av Heven, an ould dhrunken, untrustable baste av a privit that hag seen the regiment change out from colonel to drummer-boy, not wanst or twyst, but scores av times I Ay, scores ! An' me not so near gettân' promotion as in the fxirsfc 1 An' me livin' on an* kapin' dear o' Clink, not by my own good eonduck, but the kindness av some orf'cer— bhoy young enough to be son to me i Do I not know ut f Can I not tell whin I'm passed over at p'rade, tho' I'm rockin'full av liquor an' ready to fall all in wan piece, such as even a suckin'-chlld might see, bekaze, 'Oh, 'tis only ould Mulvany! ' An' whin I'm let off in ordly-room through some thrick of the tongue an* a ready answer an' the ould man'a mercy, is ut smilin* I feel whin I fall away «' go back to Dinah Shsfid, thryin' to cany ut all off as a joke? Not ÏÎ Tis hell to me dumb hell through ut all ; an' next time whin the fit comes I will be as bad again. Good cause the reg'iaent has to know me for the best soldier in ut. Better fcause bave I to know mesîlf for pie worst man. I'm only fit to tache the pgw disifip what IU" never learn myself an'ï»m «oip, asîbo'ï band ut, that the «limit WW» reèftpiei gets away from my * Mind ye now,' an' ' Listen to this, Jim, bhoy/—soie I «m that serjint houlds ins up to him for a warnin*. So I tache, as Àhay say at muaketry-instraction, by direct and ricochet fire. Lord be good to me, for I hare stad eome throuble ! " " Ide down and go to sleep," said I, not "béing able to comfort or advise, "yoix're the best man in the regiment, and, next to Ortheris, thé biggest fooL Lie down and wait till we're attacked. "What force will they torn ont ? Guns, think you ? " ,. " Thry that nid your loxrds an ladies, twistin' an* turnin' the talk, tho'youminfc nt well. Yo cud say nothin 1 to nelp me, an' yet ye never knew what cause Iliad to be what I am." " Begin at th6'?begimungand?gooa to the end," Ï said, royally. «« But take up the fire a bit first." I ^ssed Ortheris's bayonet for a poker.. ' That shows how little we know what to do," said Mulvaney, potting it aside. " Fire takes all the heartout av the steel, an' the next time, may be, that our little man is fighting for his life his bradawl H break, and' so you'll av killed him, manin' no more than to kape yourself warm. Tis a recruitie'e thrick that. Pass the clanin'-red, sorr." ed down abashed, and after an e low even voice of Mulvaney (To be continued.) THE MEN, FUEL FED, TURNED TO TOBACCO AND SONG. 