THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. John B l'uueison he Is " the figbtiug man of tbe Ministry." PATTERSON says he likes it; and there's no reason to doubt him ; for he never loses the chance of a shindy, nor the pleasnre of seeing " wigs on the green." One greatqutthfieaUon which Mr. Patterson has for holding the " Assembly belt," as a sort of political Frank Slaviu, is that he can " take punishment' as well as give it. There is only one historical occasion at which J, B. P. ever winced or quailed ; and that was when he shed tears on the floor of the House at some member's nasty reference to a nasty incident in the past. But tbat was years ago. You wouldn't catch Patterson piping his eye now over fifty references to that sort of thing. Mr. Bailes raked out the old raw lately by referring to the I'attersouians rejoicing over his re-union with the Conservatives, when he said that J. ]?. had "killed the fatted calf and burned the skin." Everybody looked to see if any moisture stole in the Pattersouian eyeB. Not a drop. The Member for Castlemaine came up smiling. Charley Taylor says tbat Patterson is a bully. So he told the House. But it may be questioned if Charley really thinks so, for Charley himself can give and take a little bit of a rumpus, 1 ad lie doesn't sulk over a scratch or two. We oilen wouder what will become of poor Mr. M'Lellan—whether he will break his heart, or smash his fist, or crack his larynx, or—dreadful thought!—resign in some fit of desperation. But frightful as may be the doings of Mr. M'Lellan in the House, it is uotliiug to nhat the House may some day or other do to him. It made our hair stand on end when we heard Mr. Bent's perfectly audible threat on Thursday night. We know how the notorious " luvincibles " plotted to "remove" people who in their judgment had lived too long. But thi6 was done with at least a decent veil of secrecy over the deed. Mr. Bent told tbe whole Assembly quite boldly that he was '' ready to make one to 'remove' Mr. M'Lellan." And instead of the burly Brighton pet being secured by the Serteaut-at-Arm!', he was encouraged by some member actually uttering "Hear, hear." r Now, Mr. Bent was never considered to be a cruel or a sanguinary- minded man. He was always a little rough aud uncouth, and he always said the thiug he meant, and sometimes a little more than he meant. But whoever expected that be was ready to go so far as to remove tbe Chairman of Committees V We can only exclaim with Hamlet's ghost:— " Ob horrible ! Horriblel Most horrible 1" Does this arise from Mr. Bent sitting so long in the immediate neighbourhood of the IriBh baronet, Sir Bryan ? No, that can't be; for Sir Bryan is far too fat, far too happy, far too good-natured and good-tempered to resort to desperate or cruel remedies for even such a disease as the Chairman of Committees, supposing him to consider Mr. M'Lellan in the light of a disease. And after all, though Mr. M'Lellan gets in trouble with every member of the House, he does not do anything so very wicked after all. Certainly he has never doue anything that would justify the terrible thoughts to which Mr. Best has given expression. The worst thing charged against Mr. M'Lellan may be counted to him a6 a virtue. The Ministry got him appointed to the Chairmanship, and he tries to serve the Hinintry • in turn. And why shouldn't he? Doesn't the proverb say, " One good turn deserves another ?" Is a man to bo " removed " because he is grateful, and tries to show his gratitude ? But the House—wicked, sly aud cynical House as it is—roared itself into hysterics at one of these exhibitions of gratitude on the part of their Chairman. And it teas comical, too. Mr. Gillies had uttered a mild " Heav, hear" tosoniethini, when the irreverent Charley Taylor—who seems to think a Premier is made of ordinary flesh and blood, said that a " Hear, hear" couldn't " turn truth into a falsehood." Mr. M'Lellan for a moment sat aghast in his chair. He looked heavenward to the ceiling to see if the lightning from heaven meant to do anything. But there wasn't so much as a crack in the plaster as the sign of celestial wrath. He was nonplussed as to how to deal with this " staggerer.'' At length, gathering his voice together "out of the region of bis coat-tails, and from his abdominal territories—for the M'Lellan voice is a peipelual <(c jii-oftin din — he said, " I will not sit in this chair to hear the Premier oj the colony insulted." ID those words there was a world of unspoken meaning, which the House instantly seized aud apprehended. They meant— " if it were umjhoAy else, gentlemen, I Jnight stand it. Hut the /Winter, you know ! Awful'." And the House enjoyed the unspoken part of the speech, mid fairly laughed itself into a good temper all round. It is an excellent thing to have a Chairmau who can be lanebed at as well aB bullied. Next to Mr. M'Lellan, Dr. Moloney created the heartiest laugh the Assembly has receutly enjoyed. Dr. Pearson had told the House how the dismissed teacher, Foran, had twitched his eyes at the school girls, winked, and made other kinds of fascinating grimaces. Dr. JIalouey can explain it all. Foran used to wear au electric belt, and the female teachers and the bigger scholars set a battery of beautiful eyes 011 him. The effect was irresistible. Foran winked all over, aud his face aud eyes acted like a Morse machine iu a thunderstorm. But the poor r.ian's winking lost him his billet, and 110 allowance made for the electric belt. Mr. Zeal is a shy fish. Last week Dr. Dobson was away from the House living on water gruel and throat poultices. Mr. Cuthbert wanted to get a ccrtaiii Bill through and he knew everything depended on silencing Mr. Zeal. The Minister proposed that Mr. Zeal should preside, but the hon. member pricked up his ears, coughed, and said he had no zeal of that kind. 