The Caulfield Cup. By Nemo. \- No. IL ' O ur break lest week took place when we got down to Benzoc, and the review resolved itself into the selection of Singapore, Oakleigh, Marvel, Chintz, and Rudolph, as being the best in of those that have over 8st 41b. Five were placed at 8st 31b, but the pen has already been drawn through the name of Prince Consort, who had a very hearty appearance at the weight. WhakaWai has done little to en title him to his present impost, save that when a three- yearE-old he won the V. R. C. Maiden Plate from Pakeha and Jebusite; with7»t 121b up ran third for the Free Handicap won by Remus, Set 21b, and at CaulBeld, with Sst 21b, nnished second to Dividend, 7st 121b, for the Glen Huntley [ Handicap. Since then he has not occupied a for ?ward position in any o£ his ventures, .and one can only attribute the high favour in which he has been held to his ability to accomplish ' swallow catching' gallops in private. -When trained by Mr. Dakin some of his gallops were most sensa tional, but when it came to racing the unreliable son of Leolinus almost invariably turned rogue and left his followers in trouble. , That he elm gallop there cannot be the ghost of a doubt, but on strict public form he has been somewhat imposed upon. like all the Tasmanians of note Chal dean performed well when a two-years-old, and at three placed the Usual trophies, the Hobart and the Launceston Cups to hie credit j but his Flem ington efforts have been failures, and there is nothing attractive about him at the weights.. There is no end of public form, behind Gardenia, and it may be that she has been correctly placed ; but there is little about Wycombe to entitle hm to his impost, and the indifferently performed . Whakawai may be the best of those that have been scored up at evens. The best deeds ac complished by Dunkeld carrying 8st, were winning the V. R. C. Free Handicap, limile, in 2.9, beating Chicago, 9st 121b, and Tartar, 7st 41b, and running a dead heat with Bravo for third place in the Caulfield Stakes, and at even weights. Tarcoola has a better appearance, for the son of Nevrminster has placed a Williamstown Cup to his credit, and is one of the most promising horses at present in work. Tantallon was not badly off, and should have remained in ; and now that Titan has had his resignation sent in, Leopold stands forth as the most tempting of the quartette that have been placed at 8st, unless Bothwell is being speci ally prepared for this event, in which case he will, if brought into his true racing form, trouble tbe best of them. Beyond having won the Riverina Cup, l^mile, with 7st 101b, in 2.42, from Abuse,. Sst 31b, and Hortense IL, 6st 12ib, and the Gee long Winter Handicap, 1£ mile, in 2.19, with Sst up, Jebusite has not done anything out of the common. In the Queen's Birthday Cup, run at Flemington, he failed to give 171b to Swing, and here the concession has been reduced to 31b, so that the pair should be pretty close together wher-. ever they may finish. Don Giovan and Teuton do not improve with age but rather the reverse ; and llacquarie's defeat on Saturday last does not serve to inspire confidence, while Swing would seem .to belong to the ' in and out ' clas3. It is said that Bohemian is still shaping well, but he must be getting into the ' sere and yellow,' andlnsigna and Carrington read best among those that have been apportioned 7st 101b, for The Serf is a failure, and there is still a lot of room for improvement in G'Naroo. Ernani has been a disappointment, but has earned his spurs by having won the Canter bury (N. Z.) Welcome Stakes, the Auckland Great Northern Foal Stakes, and the' Canterbury Challenge Stakes, six furlongs, in 1.15 \, in which' he lowered the colours of Medallion and Freedom, and as he is by Apremont from Nautilus, he should run a great race with 7st 91b. On his two years-old running The Tyler could not have been treated with greater leniency ; and 7st 7lb is quite sufficient for the untried Elsie .and Beaufort Theorist could not get into the first flight with any weight ; but Mr. O'Brien Has a rattling good colt in Whimberel, who nevertheless hasjbeen an un lucky fellow. He is just the sort of animal that will improve with age, and ii thoroughly wound up there is nothing about 7st 71b to prevent his having a great say in the matter.' Emma has yet to make her debut ; and Knight of the Garter is just the kind of gentleman to rattle away with a race like this, for the course should suit him well. It may be remembered that he was much fancied for the .last Melbourne - Cup, and although his deeds in public, have not, so far, been of a very startling character, he must have answered a few important questions .in. private. Yespasia has been before the public fora long time, and has run more race? than most, and she appears to have been aptly handicapped when allotted 7st 6lb, but the chances are greatly against her crossing the border. Whe» it is remembered that Magic Circle gave Utter 21b and a beating at Caulneld, won the Normanby Stakes, 5| furlongs, in 1.9J, beating Beverley and Clare, and also appropriated the Geelong Sires' Produce Stakes, it cannot be contended that she has been ill-treated, but at even weights perhaps Wiiga has a slight ad vantage. There is plenty of pace concealed about Retort and Maggie, and if Lamond can be brought back to anything like his old form he would give no end of trouble when allotted such a comfortable weight as has been deemed his portion ; but, all things considered, Wiiga has the most hearty ap pearance of the 7st 61b contingent. There are nine at 7s£ 51b, and Magnus and Camden may be the best of .them. Few horses have performed more consistently than the three-cornered looking Magnus, who first came prominently -before the public by winning the Rosehill Empire Handicap, 6 furlongs, with ?st Illb, beating Sir William, 6st 111b, and lie, 7st 51b, in 1U6. After that he carried 6st 8ib, and Tan third for Tattersall's Cup] won by Sir William, 6st 51b, finished third with' 6st 101b for the Al J. C. Summer Cup won by Lava, 7st Gib, and third with 7st 31b for the Queen's Birthday Cup won by Eclipse, to whom he conceded a stone. So, it will be seen that lie has acted fairly well orer all distances, and his allotment is a fair one. It is very funny about Camden. ' He ' has been saddled five times, and has never yet filled a place, and yetwesay that he is well in. Such a statement is rash, and needs an explanation which resolves itself into the self-confessed fact that he has been summed up on his breeding, goad looks, and his private work. On public running he should have been, placed7 among - the ' ; Gst 71b lot, but those who : daily attend Rand wick no doubt have whispered a Word or two to the different handicappers as to his ability in. private. -Whether it is right that ahorse should be handicapped upon his private doings or not is a matter which must be left entirely to the discre tion *of the gentlemen who apportion the weights for the various clubs; but for £iy part I cannot regard it as a safe, or even a fair,. proceeding. Still, when a handicapper knows that a badly per formed horse has been doing exceptionally good work, it would be heart-breaking for him to drop himintoawork with nothing on his back, so that, as usual, there are two sides to the question. Fabulous, by Leolinus from Atlantis, has shown by his Auckland form that he is not within 211b. of Leopold, and so, like the others at 7st 41b, \\\z must pass. After having wasted some time in earning the reputation of an 'in-and-out' ion ner, Shootover proved his ability to gallop by carrying let 21b to the front for the Adelaide Cup, a mile and five furlongs, in 2-53, beating Sultan 9st 51b, and Viator 7st 12 b, and he may he classed as an outsider with a chance. He failed to concede ? 191b to Simpleton in the Adelaide City Handicap, and here they are asked to meet at a difference of 21b, a very fair allowance indeed for the son of Sir Edmundi) and Hortense to receive. Although King William quite failed to hold his own with the youngsters at Flemington, he is a remarkably handsome colt, and loses nothing bv being a son of Nordenfeldt and Pulchra. He has done better since his sojourn in Queensland, for with 7st 31b in the saddle he made Lyndhurst 9st, Sir Anthony 9st, and Grey gown 7bt 31b, strike their colours in the Queen's Plate, when the mile was cut down in 1 46 1-5, but Megaphone beat himin the Scarborough Stakes, six furlongs, and left him quite out of the Criterion Stakes, eeven furlongs, when allowing him 121b ; eo that, unless Megaphone be a bit of a wonder, the ?well-bred brown colt will need a deal of improve ment to give him a chance. Tormentor has no end of breeding on his side, as he is by St. Albans from Nightmare; but there is not anything attractive about Yowi, a four-year-old son of Melbourne, and Yellina, who has also come in for 7st, and Marco may be the mopt trustworthy of those at that weight. Tartar and Litigant are both well in. Prominent among Tartar's doings are the following facts. He carried 6st 101b, and ran third to Chintz for the V. R. C. Hotham Handicap ; 7st 41b third to Dunkeld, 8st, for the Free Handicap; 6st 121b second to Swing, for the Birthday Cup at Flemington. In v each of the races referred to the quality of the field was quite up to the average, and, as he is a son of Musket, and a beauty to look at, though rather email, I have an idea that he will prove himself to be the most dangerous light weight to be disposed of on the 18th of October. Litigant, the wiry daughter of Martini-Henry and Leoni, commenced her career well by winning the A. J. C. Autumn Maiden Plate, but since then has not scored a winning bracket, and it may be that she has received her full allowance. Triden tine and Daniel have been kindly used ; and Highborn, at 6st 8lb, is one of the best handi capped horses in the race. The work presents many difficulties, and, perhaps, the following are as much favoured as most: — Singapore, Oakleigh, Marvel, Chintz, Rudolph, Whakawai, Tarcoola Bothwell, Pygmalion, Knight of the Garter Wilga, and Highborn. 