An Ocean Tragedy. Br W, CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER IX. A. SQUALL. ALTHOUGH Finn's calculations shoved Very well upon the chart, it, trill' hot lie supposed I could find anything ih them upon which to ground that hope of falling in with tJie Shark which had become a eenvietfoh Witii Wilfrid. The look-out laftfi. at our masthead might perhaps, on a telear day, compass a range of some twenty miles, even thirty if it came to a gleam of -lofty canvas hovering over a hull a league or two past the slope of Watets; bufc'What was a view oi this kind to feigbity in so Vast an ocean as we had enfceied? As I hare elsewhere said, the difference of a quarter of & point would in few hours, Supposing it good breeze of wind to be mowing, carry tke Bride wide of the Wake of the Shark and put the two yachts ont ofsight fair abreast of one another. Finn unierstood this as well as I; but when If fell into a talk with him on the a&t; evening—I mean the evening ay on which we had spoken the er—he told me veiy honestly that Ids indeed were heavy against our ig the Shark into view, though he was qaite sure of outsailing her if the course was to extend to the Cape of Good Hope ; but that as there was a chance of our picking her up, whether by luck, if I t r s chose to think it BO, or by his hitting with accuracy upon the line of direction that Fldfor would take, he had made up his bund to regard the tiling as going tb happen, for Ids own ease OT tabid as well as to keep my cousin's Expectations lively and trusting. "A.man can but do his best, sir," he to said me. " Sir Wilfrid needs a deal of humouring; you can see that, sir. I •new all along, when he first came and told me what had happened and gave me my orders, that the job of keeping him pacified would have to eohand inhandwith the business of sailing the Bride and lighting upon tJie Shark, if so be she's discoverable. My notion is that if yott'm called upon so to act as to fit an temtoloyer's taste and keep his views and wishes ^gratified, though by no more than maintaining expectation in him, the best thing is to tarn to and tiyto think as fur as you oan the same-way «a he do. I don't mind saying, Mr. Monson, that I allow the Whole of this here voyage to be as wague aa w^gueness can well be; there- tore why worrit over parts of it? Suppose We overhaul th« iSftar/e—then itH be all light; suppose we don't—then it won't be for the Want of trying." was the substance of Finn's opinion fis he imparted it to me that night. His sincerity touched me; besides, I saw woriy enough in the poor fellow to make me Sony for him. Indeed, I .resolved from that hour to back him up,* heartily agreeing with him that the adventure j was quite too vague to j usfcify anxiety in in respect of any one detail of the programme. The weather was quiet when I went to bed that night. I came below from my long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy smear of moon over, our mastheads' and a dark sky going down from it to the obscured sea-line, with here and there a pale and vapoury point of star hovering sparely over a wing of cloud that lay still lit the dusk as though what wind there was blew low upon the waters. The wide sea came to the yacht in a dusky throbbing, like folds of gloom telling with a sort of palpitationinthem to the eye; the foam glanced in places, but there waslittle weight in the wind, andthe pallid spires of the yacht's canvas floated nparly upright through the dark atmosphere, with a sound of the sob of water coming off Jvj<: weather bow and the dead plash of tho hidden :billow falling without life from her quarter, in a way that made one think there were fellows: emptying buckets over the ode abreast of the wheel. Wilfrid had been moody and reserved throughout the dinner, and retired early to bed. I sat an hour with Mi«« Laura, with the mild diversion of a draught-board between us; but we soon forgot to play in talking.. We had been but a few dOT» together, yet I had already made the discoyeiy that I wonderfully enjoyed her. company and that I immensely relished a quality of arch naivety in .her conversation which owed something of its effect to the contrast - between a sort of coquettish sagacity in many things she said Mid the nun-like artlessnessand virginal sweetness I seemed to find in the gentle girlish regard of her charming eyes. I also observed in myself that the more I eaw-of her the more her beauty gained upon me. I never remember meeting a woman's face that I would sooner have takeii as a frank egression of mind •; there was a softness ana a delicacy of feature that one instinctively accepted as an illustration of habitual refinement and purity of thought. Her manner, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and tenderness, and her smile the most amiable of any I remember. Her position was of great delicacy, and could not have failed to!painfully distress one of your Belf-conscious women. Our adventure, every reference to it, eveiy .mention ^of-t&e;^Sfiark, eveiy expression in'Wilfrid of grief, shame, temper, was, as it were, a .rude withdrawal .of the veil, from before her aster's fruity. There was no other lady on board to help her to bear, so to speak, the burthen of the inevitable topic, and yet she never made it appear as though there was pain and shame to her in the subject, outside her grief for Wilfrid, her eagerness that her sister should be recovered, her resentment against the man who had betrayed and dishonoured his Mend. I may fail to convey what I thought of her maidenly acceptance of her share in this strange adventure, but I am certain .that nobody but a person of exquisite instincts could have acted, as she did, the delicate and exacting part allotted her by _my cousin. The weather was still very quiet when I bade her good night. I went to my cabin, and do not suppose I was ten minutes in my bed before I fell asleep. • I awoke to a sound of a great roaring all about, accompanied by the cries of men on deck, the sharp flinging down of coils of rope and the thunder of shaking canvas trembling in every fibre of the hulL My bunk was an athwart- shipone, and I had turned - in, to employ the proper sea parlance, with my head to windward; but now the yacht was lying over on t'other side, and I awoke to find my heels in the air and the weight of my body upon my neck; but the angle of the craft was so sharp that it was not without a prodigious amount of heaving and floundering I managed to get my legs over and to sit upright; A squall! thought J, feeling for my pillow, which I placed in the port end of my bedstead and once again lay down. A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced through the port-hole as though a gun lial been fired into my cabir, and the interior glanced out into a noon-tide eflulgmce for one breathless instant, in which, however, I managed to catch sight of the aogle formed by a coat with a stanchion, ipon which it hung by a peg. Upon my void, it was as though the yacht was t|>oil her beam ends — Such a heel as vas not to be realised by one lying in a hunk, or even sitting upright in it. Then ctme the darkness like a sea of ink, rolliig to the sight in which the reflection o! the flash still writhed, followed by a nighty shock of thunder that died away ii a hundred rattling peals as though high mountainous land all around the "horizon, honeycombed with, caverns, and every peak as resonant as a hollow dome. . A sharp squall! thought I, but there was too much noise for sleep. It was all hands on deck I was pretty sure by the numerous scamperings over my head; the harsh voices of the sailors bawling at the ropes would be swept into faint cries by the rush of the wind, and now and again a heavy lumpish sound that put a quiver into eveiy plank, followed by a snarling noise like the hissing of half-adozen locomotives blowing off steam, was warrant enough, to ears not tmused to such sounds, that the Bride Was taking large doses of water ill pretty freely over hertaX. I lay quiet, and was presently sensible hat tiie yacht was off the wind; the ighting of her was no small comfort; he was manifestly going through it like a comet. The sea was now well aft, and the suggestion of swiftness I found in the mere feel of the hull, somehow or other, black as my cabin was and the blacker as it remained for the flash of lightning, was accentuated by the thunderous rush of each surge outstripping us in the race and hurling its black length along the vessel's side, and the fierce spitting and crackling of the smother of spume that was raised by the vessel's headlong flight and that went raging and racing astern on top of the swelling ebony fold that swept forwards from the opposite direction. Humph! thought I, if this is a case of " up keeleg " with friend Finn, he'll have to enter into something shrewder and Buret than dead reckoning to find his way back again into the Shark's wake. I had to see what was happening, and, after a spell of troublesome groping and clawing, during which .1 had like to have broke my nose by striking it against the edge of a chest of drawers built into a corner, I succeeded in lighting my lamp, and was presently snug in a pea-coat and a sou'-wester which I had been wise enough to include in the slender sea outfit I had purchased for this voyage. The cabin light was always kept burning throughout the night, dimmed by one of the stewards, after we had retired to our berths, but with plenty of flame left to see by, and, on emerging, the first object I caught sight of was the figure of a man on his knees on the cabin floor in a posture fif prayer .and apparently in an agony of fright. ^Nothing was to be heard of hin} 'until I had approached -close, for the roaring of the wind and the Washing and. foaming of seas drowned all other noises; but on stooping to make sure of the fellow, whose hands were clasped over JUB eyes, whilst he held his face upturned as he swayed upon his knees, I •could hear him praying with all his might, with an energy, indeed, that .might of itself have accounted for thie drops of perspiration that glistened upon his brow, if it wasn't that his attitude of terror explained the secret of that moisture. It was Muffin. There was something so shameful:,in the feUowY cowardice that all in an instant I lost my temper and gave him a kick which flung him at his length,face _down, upon the deck. He set up a horrible howl. " Oh Lord l oh mercy ! we're gonel we're gone! Oh, if I was only on diy ground—" , Here IseizedMmbythecollar. "Get op, you fool," I cried. "Do you know where you are, you idiot ? Cease 1 If ou alarm Miss Jennings—'' and I hauled im on to his legs, shaking him heartily as I did so. " Oh, Mr. Monson," he whined, " is it you, sir ? Tell me we ain't all dead and' gone, sir! Oh, this is 'orrible, though ! orrible! Never no more ; never no more for me!" " Be off to your berth at once," cried I angrily, though my temper died out of me at the absurd sight of his yellow, working, terrified face, rendered ugly enough to challenge the skill of a Criukshank by the manner in which, during his devotions, he had streaked his forehead and nose and his cheeks past his eyes with his plaisterlike lengths of coal-black hair. He was for speaking, but I grasped him by the shoulder and ran iiim towards his berth that lay some little distance forward of mine on the starboard side, and when he had shut himself in I m%de my way on deck, with a peep aft, as I went up the steps, where "all seemed quiet. \- The night was still very dark but of a clearer dusk. The moon made a red streak low in the west amongst some raggedclouds that seemed to fall 11 like a shortiflight of stops, every one edged with blood, to the sea-line, where the muddy crimson drained out, just showing the lurid staining of it now and again when some surge-beneath reared an unbroken head to the lustre. The night was made to look amazingly wilder than it was in reality by that western setting, jumble of ugly lustre and tern vapour like a flock of giant bats heading from the moon for some ocean solitude of deeper blackness. To windward there was a great lake of indigo-blue in the sky, in which a number of trembling stars wore floating, and vast white puffe of cloud.crossing it with the swiftness of scud in a gale ; but to leeward it was just a mass of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk on top of another in blocks of blackness such as a poet might dream of in picturing the hellish walls and battlements of a beleaguered city of demons ; and upon this mass of darkness that looked as substantial as stone to cue .eye there was a plentiful play and crackle of -violet lightning ; but no thunder, at least none that I could hear. It was blowing fresh, but the wind had taken off considerably within the last ten minutes; the Bride was close hauled; there was a 6trong sea on the bow and she was plunging smartly with at frequent intervals a brisk squall of spray over her head that rattled upon the deck like a fall of hail in a thunderstorm ; a dark gleam would break first here and then there from her deck to her rolling, but the water was draining off fast, flashing in a loud hissing through the scupper holes at every lee send, but with weight enough yet remaining in each rush of it to enable me to gather that it must have been pretty nearly waist-high between the bulwarks with the first .shipping of the seas and the first downrush of the fierce squall. They had snugged the Bride to very small canvas; the play of the white waters round her threw out her shape clear as black paint on canvas ; at moments she dived till you would think the tall black coil arching at her past the creaming glare crushed out of the sea by the smiting of her forefoot must leap right aboard her; but her staunch and buoyant bow, the truest piece of ocean moulding I ever saw in a ship,, would regularly swing with a leap to the peak ot the billow, shattering it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be followed by an echo of derisive laughter in the yelling ring of the wind splitting upon the rigging or sweeping into the iron hard cavities of the .diminished spaces of wan and spectral canvas. I took all this in as I stood a minute in the companion hatch ; then perceiving the figure of a man to windward almost abreast of me, J crossed to him. It was Finn.* " Very ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," said he, after peering at me to mako sure of my identity, "it found us with tops'l and t'gallants'l set and took us slap aback, It was the most onexpected thing "that ever happened to me; as onnatural as that there moon. Talk of keeping a lookout ! I was staring hard that way with the wind aupleasant air blowing off t'other side and saw nothing and heaid nothing until I felt it." "You had to run?" " Ay, but not for long, air." " How's her head now, Captain Finn ?" " Her proper course, Mr. Monson." '"Well, the weather is brightening. You'll be making sail again on your ship, I suppose, presently ?" "Ay, but let that muck blow away first," he answered, pointing with a shadowy aim into the mass of obscurity where the lightning still winked fitfully. " After such a blow-me-aback job aB this I ain't going to trust the weather till I can see more of it." I lingered a little, watching the slow opening of the sky to windward, and the lal unfolding of the stars down the velvet declivity, that looked as though purified by the cleansing of the black wet squall, and then bidding good-night to Finn, who seemed a bit subdued by the wildly disconcerting attack of the weather, that to a sober, vigilant seaman was about as uncomfortable a Bnub in its way as could be administered, I went below, intending to walk straight to my berth and go to bed again. On entering the cabin, however, I found the lamp turned up, and Wilfrid pacing the carpet with long strides and with an agitation of manner that was grotesquely deepened by the occasional stagger of his gait by the plunging of the yacht and the hurried lilt of his arm to clutch the nearest thing at hand for support. I concluded that he had been aroused by the commotion of the squall, but thought it strange he had not stepped on deck to see how things were. On seeing me he put his hand on the back of a fixed revolving chair, and swung, or rather reeled, himself into it, then leaned his cheek upon his hand in a posture of extreme moodiness, whilst he kept his eyes bent downwards. I took a seat opposite him, after a glance -round in search of Miss Jennings, who, I thought, might also be up. " The noise above ^disturbed you, I suppose, Wilfrid?" -saidX "I have not slept," he answered. '-Notsince half-past nine! You went to bed then, you know, and it's now two o'clock," I exclaimed, looking at the dial under the skylight. "I have not depfc," he repeated. "I wonder that the squall did not bring you on deck." 4 'For what purpose?" he exclaimed gloomily. " I could hear Finn's voice; I could follow what the men were doing. If every squall we are likely to meet is to .bring me from my bed, I may as well order a hammock to be slung for me on "What is the matter, Wilfrid?" said I, earnestly and soothingly. "Something, I fear, has happened to vex and bother you." He passed his hand over his eyes, and looking down said, "I have had a warning." - . "A what?" I exclaimed. "A warning," he answered, fetching a deep sigh and making as if to rise, retaining, however, his posture of profound melancholy, whilst he sent a slow, wandering look around, finally fastening his eyes upon me. "From whom came this warning, Wilfrid?" said I, cheerfully. "Muffin? Egad, you'll be -getting a warning from him soon, I reckon. I found the chap on his knees just now, sweating with fear and praying like clockwork. I gave frim a kick, and I wonder the howl that he raised did not bring you running out. of your cabin." I jabbered this off in a reckless, laughing way, though I watched him narrowly, too, all the time I was Nothing shall hinder me, Charles," he exclaimed, closing his right fist and letting it lie in a menacing way upon the table. "I have made up my mind to tear the creature who still remains my wife from the side of the man she has left me for; and before God"—he rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand—"my vow is this: that I will hunt them from port to port, through ocean after ocean, until I meet with them! When that shall be I know not; but this I do know—that my time will come and I can wait. But I must be on the move. Nothing - could render life tolerable to me now but the sense of action, the animation and hope of pursuit." "But the warning ?" said L "Oh, to. be vexed by ghostly exhortations—it is enough - to craze one! he exclaimed. "Heaven knows, resolution grows weak enough in me as it is to any thought of my little one that visits me. Oh no," he cned, with a sarcastic shake of the head and a singular smile, " do not believe that thoughts of my baby girl would cause me to falter even for one breathless instant on this course that I have made up my mind to pursue. But to think of the helpless lamb as alone " "My dear fellow," I interrupted, " the child could not possibly be in tenderer hands." "I know, I know," he cried, with a sob in his voice, "but she is motherless, Charles; and then how precarious is life at that age! I may never see her again!" He broke down at this and hid his face. "Come, come," said I, "your nerves have been stiained by the incident of this afternoon, or, I should say, of yesterday afternoon—unduly, though intelligibly, excited by Puncheon's report of having passed the Shark. Endeavour to get some rest, old fellow. These warnings, these visions, mysterious voices sounding out of heaven knows where, midnight shapes as thin as moonshine—Wilfrid, depend upon it, they all emanate from a disordered condition of that part of the body which the Chinese have most wisely selected as the true seat of the soul. I mean here," said I, patting my waistcoat. He regarded me somewhat vacantly and sat awhile in silence, sighed tremulously, and stepped to the foot of the companion ladder, where he stood staring up into the arch of black night that filled the companion entrance. Presently Finn rumbled out an order on deck. There was the flash of bright stars upon the gleaming ebony of the cabin windows with every heave of the yacht; the sea was moderating, and the loud humming of the wind aloft gradually fining into a dull complaining noise. Ropes were thrown down overhead ; voices began to - sing out. I uttered a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned and exclaimed, " Don't let me keep you up, Charles." "It's all right," said I, "but why not go to bed, too? Or first describe this warning that you hive had ; express the nature of it. Perhaps, like the proverbial onlooker who sees most of the game, I might be able to help you with some reassuring suggestion. c ^ <; But he merely shook His head ; and now, feeling quite intolerably sleepy, and in no mood, therefore, as you will suppose, to reason with a mind so oppressed as his with superstitious melancholy, I called a cheery good-night to him, went to my cabin, and was soon fast asleep. I was awakened by the brilliant daylight that filled my berth, and at once rose and sung out to the steward to prepare me a bath. All the time I bathed and dressed I was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he called his "warning." I supposed it was some voice that he had heard, and he had made it plain that it had referred, amongst other thingB maybe, to his.little infant. Now, though of course 1 had known for years that he was " toudied," as the expression goes, I had never understood that his craziness had risen to the height of hearing voices and beholding visions in, his waking hours; and I was, therefore, forced to believe that hit mind was far more unhinged; at present than his manners and speech, peculiar as they unquestionably were attunes, had indicated. Well, thought I, assuredly if he gets worse, if the symptoms should grow more defined, this chase will hare to come to an end. I, for one, should most certainly call a halt. Why, what could be fuller of madness than his vow last night before me—to go on sailing from port to port, and traversing ocean after ocean, until he has captured her ladyship; as if a pursuit on such lines as these weze going to end in anything better than driving all hands daft and converting the Bride into a floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is true, I have found method enough to keep my mind tolerably easy ; but if poor Wil- ! frid is going to become very much worse, hang me, thought I, plying a pair of hairbrushes with veiy agitated hands, if Captain Finn don't haul his wind for the handiest port and set me ashore for one. CHAPTER X. X GO ALOFT. IT was a fresh sweet ocean morning, one of the fairest I remejjiber ; the wind, a tender fanning from the west, ', warm enough to make one fancy an odour and balm of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as those parallels yet lay. The sky was one broad surface of cuds and feathers of pearl-coloured vapour,-an interweaving, as it were, of many-shaped links of silken cloud shot with silver and amber and gold from, the early sun. I never beheld a lovelier dome of sky so tender in gloiy and rich in delicate perfections of tints. The sea spread in a firm dark line to it like a blue floor under some: mighty roof j of marble; the sun's wake came in a misty stream of light to the port bends of the yacht, where it was flashed by the mirrorlike wet blackness of the gloscy side back deep into the brimming azure of the brine in a great puff of radiance that made one think of a cloud of brightly illuminated steam ascending from the depths. Everything was brilliant aid clean and cheerful, the decks of Hie white softness of foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemishcoiled or festooned as by an artist's hand upon the 'pins; forward stoid the long cannon radiant as. polished jet, , a detail that gave an odd significance to the saucy knowing "spring," as it is cdled, of the yacht that way. The cocks find hens in the coops were straining their/throats and blending with their cheerful voices was a noise of pigs; there was black smoke pouring away from the galler chimney, and now and again you got a whiff of something good frying for the men's breakfasts, for my cousin fed his sailors well. The 'Bride, with erect masts, was sliding over the wide folds of witer whose undulations were so long diawn and regular as to be scarce perceptiUe in the motion of the vessel; there was air enough to crisp the sea, and where the sun's light lay the tremble was blinding; «n either bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil-smooth water going away astern from under the counter; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of the yacht being a pile of white clothc—every stitch she owned abroad to her topgallant studdingsaiL The mate had charge and was stumping the weather side of the quarterdeck in his sour way when I arrived. "Good morning, Mr. Crimp." "Marning," he answered. "Ugly squall that last night." "Ugly? ay." The fellow gave the word sir to no man, restricting its use when ashore to dogs as Finn once told me; but his surly tricks of speech and manner were so wholly a part of him, so entirely natural, so uncon- sciously expressed, that it would have been as idle to resent them as to have quarrelled with him for having an askew eye or lost one's temper because his beard resembled rope yarns.,. „ • . ... "Anything in sight?" I .asked, Looking round. "Ay," he answered. "Where?" I exclaimed, running my eye over the sea. " Up yonder," he responded, indicating with a gesture of his chin the topgaUantyard where was perched the inevitable figure of a look-out man. . "But where away, Mr. Crimp,—where away, sir?" "On the starboard bow," he'answered, " 'tain't long been sighted." Breakfast would not be ready for some time yet, and having nothing to do I thought I would make a journey aloft on my own account and take a view of the distant sail and of the spacious field of the glittering morning ocean from the altitude of the masthead. I stepped below for a telescope of my own, a glass I had many a time ogled the sea with when I was doing penance for past and future sins in African and West Indian waters. Muffin was at the foot of the companion steps holding a pair of Wilfrid's boots. He cast his eyes down and drew his figure in though there was abundance of room for me to pass. A slow obsequious, apologetic smile went twisting and curling down his lips; his yellow face had a burnished look; lie was uncommonly cleanshaven, and his hair was brushed, or plaistered to the smoothness of his skull. "Got your courage back ?" said I. "Thank you, yes sir," he answered humbly with his eyes respectfully cast down. "Richard's himself again this moming, sir, as the saying is. But it was a 'orrible time, sir." " You came near to making it so," said I. " Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yet! "Yes, sir." "Howis he?" "Asleep, sir," he replied in a blandly confidential way. "Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't disturb him. He passed a bad night down to two or three o'clock this morning." I was going; suddenly I stopped. "By the way," said I, rounding upon the fellow, " how long have you been in Sir Wilfrid's service?" My question appeared to penetrate him with a consuming desire to be exact. He partially closed one eye, cocked the other aloft like a hen in the act of drinking, and then said with the air of one happy in the power of speaking with accuracy, "It'll be five months to the hour, sir, come height o'clock, Friday evening next." "During the time that you have been in his service," said I carelessly, "have you ever heard him speak of hearing voices or seeing visions?" "Woices, no sir,"he answered; "but wisions," he added with a sigh and lengthening his yellow face into an expression of deep concern, "has, I fear, sir, more'n once presented theirselves to him." " Of what nature, do you know ?" "Sir Wilfrid's a little mysterious, sir," he responded in a greasy tone of voice and looking down as if he would have me understand that with all due respect he was my cousin's valet and knew his place. I said no more but made my way on deck with a suspicion in me that the fellow had lied, though I hardly knew why I should think so. I trudged forward, and finding three or four of the men hanging about the galley I pulled out five shillings and gave the money to one of them, saying that I was going aloft and wished to pay my footing, for I was in no temper to be chased and worried. This made me free of the rigging, into which I sprang, and had soon shinned as high as the topgallantyard, upon which I perched myself so noiselessly that the man who overhung it on the other side of the mast and who was drowsily chewing upon a quid of tobacco with his eye screwed into Wilfrid's lovely telescope, had no notion I was alongside of him. I coughed softly, for I had known seamen to lose their lives when up aloft by being suddenly startled. He put a whiskered face past the mast and stared at me as if I was Old Nick, out of the minutest pair of eyes I ever saw in the human head, mere gimlet-holes they seemed for the admission of light. ." Thinking of your sweetheart, Jack ? " said I with a laugh, ignorant of his name but counting Jack to be a sure word. " Can't rightly say what I was a-thinking. of, sir," he answered hoarsely; " 'twarn't my sweetheart anyways, seeing that the only gell I was ever really partial to sarved me as her ledship sarved Sir Wilfrid yonder," indicating the quarterdeck with a sideways motion of his head. " Cut stick, eh ? " said L "Wuss than that, sir," he answered. " If she'd ha' taken herself off and stopped at that I dunno as I should have any occasion to grumble; but she prigged the furniture that I'd laid in agin getting married. Ay, prigged it. The boiling amounted to fourteen pound tew, a bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring man to be robbed of for the sake of a master chimney-sweep." He cast a slow disgusted look around and expectorated with an air of loathing. " I hope you got the master chimneysweep locked up," said L " No fear !" cried he, talking very fast; " smite me, your honour, if that there gell didn't tarn to and swear that that furniture was her's, bought out of her own savings, and that she guv me the money to order it with. Thinking o' my sweetheart!" he grumbled, lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his eye, "if it worn't for women dumned if this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-living in." I smothered a laugh, and catching sight of the sail shining faintly in the blue air, leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, I pointed the glass and easily distinguished the royal, topgallantsail, and a snatch of the topsail of a ship heading directly for us. " I wonder if she'll have any news?" said I. " Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the man, " but could you tell me how long it's reckoned in the cabin this here ramble's agoing to last ? " "What was the nature of the voyage you signed for ?" " Why," he replied, " a yachting cruise to Table Bay and home." " ItH not exceed that, I believe," I exclaimed. " And if we pioks up that there Shark and recovers the lady afore we git to the Cape, shall we keep all on or shift our helium for Southampton again ? " " Captain Finn will be able to tell you more about it than I," I responded in a tone that silenced him, though his tiny eyes looked athirst for information as he regarded me aslant over one of his huge whiskers. The height from from which I surveyed the vast plain of sea, the spirit of whose loneliness seemed to find the one touch of emphasis it needed to render its magnitude realisable by human instincts in that remote flaw of ship's canvas which broke the continuity of the boundless horizon filled me with a feeling of exhilaration I cannot express; the sweet mild ocean breeze high on- that slender yard sank through and through me, and vitality to its most secret recesses was quickened by it into a very intoxication of life, new, free, ardent; the air hummed gently in a vibratory metallic note as though it were some echo of a distant concert of harps and violins; far down the hull of the yacht, plentiful as was her beam in reality, looked like a long slender plank rounded at the bows, the whiteness of the deck showing with a sort of radiance as though it were thinly sheeted with crystal upon which the shadows of the rigging, masts and canvas lay dark and beautifully clear, with a fitful swaying of them to the heave of the fabric, off polished and brilliant things such as the skylight or the brass decorations, when flashes of fire would leap forth to be veiled again in the violet gloom of the recurrent shade. The thin curve of foam on either hand the cutwater looked like frosted silver; my eye went to the airy confines of the ocean spreading out into a delicate haze of soft azure light where it washed the marble of that magnificent morning firmament, and then it was that, sharper than ever I had before felt it, there rose the perception in me of the incalculable odds against our sighting the yacht we were in pursuit of, so measureless did the ocean distance appear when with the gaze going from the Bride's masthead I thought of the distance that made the visible and compassable sphere, big as it was, as little as a star compared with the heavenly desert it floats in. When I looked down again I observed Miss Jennings watching me from the gangway with her hand shading her eyes. I raised my hat and she bowed, and being wishful of her company I bade m^ friend Jack keep his eyes polished, as the piece that was nailed to the mast would help to lessen the loss that his sweetheart had occasioned him, and descended, hearing him rumbling in his gizzard as I got off the foot-i">pe, though what he said I did notcatcii. "What is there to be seen, Mr. Monson?" was Miss Jennings' first question, with a delicate fire of timorous expectation in her eyes. *' Only a ship," said L ''' "Not—not " " No! not the Shark yet," I exclaimed smiling. "I am stupid to feel so nervous. I dare: say I am as passionately anxious as Wilfrid to see my sister in this vessel safe — and separated from — from " — she" faltered and quickly added, bringing her hands together and locking them, "but I dread the moment to arrive when the Shark will be reported in sight." " Well, if we are to pick up that craft," said I, " we shall do so and then there'll be an end on't. But I give you my word, Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a mighty big place from that bit of a stick up there." " Too big for this chase ? " "Too big I fear to give Wilfrid the chance he wants." She sent a bright glance at the topgallant-yard and said, "Does not that great height make you feel dizzy ? " "Ay, as wine does. There is an intoxication as of ether in the air up there. Oh, Miss Jennings, if I could only manage to get you on to that yard—see how near to heaven it is! You would then be able not only to say that you looked like an angel, but that you felt like one." She laughed prettily and turned as if to invite me to walk. After a bit I spoke of the squall last night. It had hot disturbed her. Then I told her of Wilfrid's melancholy perturbation, on which her face grew grave and her air thoughtful. "He did not tell you the nature of the warning ? " Bhe inquired. "No. It evidently had reference to his baby. I wished to ascertain whether it was a voice or a vision—though I really don't know why; for an hallucination is an hallucination all the world over, and it signifies little whether it IKS a sheeted essence to affect the eye or a string of airy syllables to affright the ear." "I am sorry, I am sorry," she exclaimed anxiously, " it is a bad symptom, I fear. Yet it ought not to suiprise one. The shock was terrible—so recent too! Scarcely a fortnight ago he felt safe and happy in his wife's love and faith—" "Maybe," I interrupted, "but I wouldn't be too sure though. When I last met him—I mean somewhile before he came to ask me to join him in this trip —-his manner was veiy clouded, I thought, when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even then suspicion was something more than a seed. - But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it certainly is a sort of business to play havoc with such a mind as his. Did you ever hear of his having'warnings or seeing visions before?" "Never." "I asked his valet that question just now, and he told me he did not know that his master heard 'woices,' but he believed he was troubled with 'wisions,' as he called them." "Wilfrid has been very secret then. My sister spoke much to me of the oddness of his character, made more of it indeed than ever I could witness,—but then one understands why, now," she exclaimed with an angry toss of her head. " But she never once hinted at his suffering from delusions of the kind you name. How should his man know then? Wilfrid is not a person to be so very confidential as all that with his servant. I never liked Muffin, and I believe he is a story-teller." "So do I,"said I, "and a coward to boot," and I told her of my finding him on his knees, and how I had prostrated him with a kick. This provoked one of her cordial, sweet, cleaning laughs. It was a music to fit to gayer thoughts than we had been discoursing, and presently we were chatting lightly about dress, society, some maestro's new opera and other light topics very much more suitable foi a yacht's quarter-deck under such a morning heaven as was then shining upon us, then the raven, owl and bat-like subjects of ghosts, warnings, visions and insanity. The breakfast bell rang; Muffin arrived with a soap-varnished face and a humble bow, and in greasy accents delivered his master's compliments to us and, please, we were not to wait breakfast for him. But when we were half through the meal Wilfrid came from his cabin and seated himself. He looked worn and worried; his expression was that of a man who has succeeded in calming himself after a secret. bitter menial conflict, but whose countenance still wears the traces of his struggle. He called for a cup of tea, which with a slice of dry toast formed his breakfast. Now and again I saw him glanciqg wistfully at Miss Jennings, but his eyes fell from her when she looked at him as though he feared the detection of some wish or thought in the manner of his watching her. He inquired languidly about the weather, the sail the yacht was under, and the like. "ThereH be a ship insight over the bow," said I, " by the time we are ready to go on deck." "Ha!" he exclaimed, instantlybriskening; "we must speak her. Were it to come to twenty vessels a day passing us we should hail them all. But it is the wind's capriciousness that makes the fretting part of an excursion of this kind. Here are we creeping along as though in tow of one of our boats, whilst where the Sfun-k is there may be half a gale driving her through it as fast as a whale's first rush to the stab of a harpoon." "Heels were given to us in the small hours of this morning though," said L "We covered more space of sea in five minutes than I should like to swim if I had a month to do it in." "Oh, but she was off her course," exclaimed Wilfrid. "Only to the first of the squall," I exclaimed, "when I went on deck she was lying fair up again and crushing through it with the obstinacy of a liner." He glanced at me absently as though he barely attended to my words, and then looked round him, as I supposed, to observe if Muffin and the stewards were out of hearing. He lay back in his chair, eying Miss Jennings for a little with a thoughtful regard that was made pathetic by the marks of care and grief in his face. "Laura," he said, "I am worrying about baby." "Why, Wilfrid?" she answered gently. "Oh, it may be a mere instinctive anxiety, some secret misgiving, well founded but quite inexplicable and therefore to be sneered at by friend Charles here—who knows not yet the subtleties of a flesh-and-blood tie—as mere sentiment." " But why allow a fancy to worry you, Wilfrid?" said I. "I fear it is no fancy," he answered quickly. "I told Miss Jennings," said I, "that you have been vexed and upset by what you interpreted into a warning." "Did it particularly refer to baby?" she asked. "Wholly," he responded gloomily. " But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I somewhat impatiently, "won't you put this miserable vision into words ? What form did it take? -A warning ! If you choose to view things asquint they're full of warnings. Consider the superstitions which flourish; the signs of luck and of illluck; the meaning of the stumble on the threshold, the capsized salt-cellar and. the rest of the inventions of the wicked <old hags who ride a cock-horse on broomsticks. Why," I cried, talking vehemently with the idea of -breaking through the thickness upon his mind, though it was no better than elbowing a fog, "I protest, Wilfrid, I would rather swing at your lower-yardarm and be cut down after a reasonable time to plomb the deep peace of the green silence beneath our keel, than live in a torment of apprehension of shadows, and convert life into a huge mustard poultice to adjust to my quivering anatomy staggering onwards to the grave." He surveyed me with a lack-lustre eye whilst he listened. Might not this warning, as you call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have been some brief, vivid dream, the impression of which was keen enough, when you awoke, to make you imagine you had viewed what had appeared with open eyes?" "No!" he answered emphatically, " what I saw I saw as I see you." " Then it wasn't a voice ? " I exclaimed. "No matter," he said, "God's eye is upon the innocent. Surely he will protect my little one. Still—still—" he seemed to struggle with some thought and paused. I made up my mind to attempt a bold stroke. "Wilf," said I, "your child must be dearer to you than your wife. Since you are uneasy about the bairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift your helm for home, where you will be able to have the child by your side and where there will be no need for i warnings relating to her to worry you ? " A dangerous light came into his eyes; his strangely cut nostrils enlarged and trembled; half a dozen dark moods went like ripples of shadow over lus face. I regarded him steadfastly, but I will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for his bearing at this moment had more of the madman in it than I had ever before witnessed. He breathed deep several times before speaking. " You are right,"he said; " my child is dearer to me than my wife, but my honour stands first of all. For God's sake do not craze me with such suggestions. Look at me!" he cried, extending his arms, "gripped here,". clasping his left hand, " by my child that in its sweet innocence wouldkwithhold me from this pursuit; and dragged here," and here he clenched his right hand with a menacing shake of it, " by a sense of duty that must have its way though it should come to my never setting eyes On my baby again. Charles " —his voice sank—'' at your hands I should have expected something better than such advice as this. If you are weary of the voyage—" "No, no," I interrupted. " Why torment me then," he shouted, by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows! Is it so? Great heaven, man ! you yourself read out the entiyin Captain Puncheon's log-book." Well, well, Wilfrid," said I soothingly, "1 am very sorry to have said anything to annoy you. The fact is I am too prosaic in my views of things to be as helpful as I should like to be in a quest of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I sighted from the topgallantyard has hove into view yet?" The poor fellow rose slowly from his chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as he was. TTi« anger had left him. "Oh fqp the privilege," he exclaimed, "of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future ! Would to heaven I had been born a saint with a glory round my head, for by that light only is it possible to interpret the hieroglyphs in which the page of me is printed. "Miss Jennings," said I, "your sunny hair comes so near to the sort of nimbus my cousin desires, that I am sure if you would cast your eyes upon the mystical page that puzzles him you could read it aloud to us both by the light of those golden tresses." "Charles," exclaimed Wilfrid shortly, you are for making fun of eveiything," and he stalked to his cabin, but only to fetch his pipe, as I afterwards found. I could not discover, however, that Miss Jennings wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion of my ridiculing propensity. CHAPTER THE PORTUGUESE XL BRIO. RIGHT over -the bows on either hand the sky had cleared since the early morning; the fairy drapery of linked, prismatic, shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the sealine a dark blue sweep of water against the delicate effulgence of the heavens, and like a star climbing above that most exquisite horizon shone the sail that was approaching us, still distant a fair eight miles, but already distinctly visible from the low altitude of the Brides quarterdeck. Sir Wilfrid, leaning over the side, sent a long yearning look at her, then with a glance at the man on the topgallantyard he walked over to Finn, who had relieved the mate at eight bells, and conversed with him. I got a chair for Miss Jennings, fetched her novel—the end of the first volume of which seemed still as far off as the Cape of Good Hope —and a rug for her feet, and having made her comfortable I loaded a pipe and squatted myself on deck under thie lee of the mainmast. I was not perhaps in the very sweetest of tempers ; for though what I had said below might have been a bit provoking, Wilfrid had turned upon me for it a little too hotly methought. This expedition, to be sure, had a special interest for him, as it had a special interest for Miss Jennings; but so far as I was concerned it was a mere sympathetic undertaking. My cousin, to be sure, was "wanting"; but that consideration was not going to render any indignation I might unwarily provoke in him the more endurable. My quarrel, however, just then lay with myself. I was beginning to consider that 1 had joined Wilfrid in this cruise too hurriedly; that had I insisted upon more time for reflection I should have declined the adventure for the very good reason that I was unable to see how I could be of the least use to liiiri in it. The ocean makes people selfish ; its monotony presses upon and contracts the mind as its visible girdle circumscribes the sight. Thought is forced inwards and the intellect devours itself as the monkey eats its tail. I was already pining somewhat for the diver- {.Reserved.. sions of the. shore. Had I been sensible of any limit to the daily and nightly routine of eating, sleeping, keeping a lookout, and discussing probabilities, my humour might have lightened somewhat; but on what date was this voyage to end? Where was this white fabric that was floating in beauty over the quiet waters going to cany me? Heavy clouds of smoke floated from my hps when I thought that for months and months I might be sundered from my club, from the opera, of which I was a very great lover, from the engaging recreation of billiards, from the quarter of a hundred of pleasures with which the idle , man of means loads the blunderbuss of life to shoot at and kilTthe fJying hours as they *"iss. * » • ' • ' Poor WSfrid,~though! I {taught witha sigh; and an emotion of pity HOBS & m6 as a rebuke when I glanced at hit kfrij^ awkward figure, thought of the bittef heart-ache that left him only when "he slept, of his love for his little one, of the dreadful grief and dishonour that had Come to 'him, of this apparently aimless puisuit upon the boundless surface of the ocean of a faithless woman, with the subtle distressing quality of madness in all he did, in all he thought, to make his conduct " sadder thing than can be described. I peeped round the mast for a short vieW of Miss Jennings. She seemed to have lighted on a chapter in the novel that was interesting. Under the droop of her long lashes her half-dosed violet eyes showed with a drowsy gleam; her profile had the delicacy of a cameo, clear and tender, against the soft grey of the bul- warks past her. Deuced odd, thought I, that I should find her prettiness so fascinating ; as though, forsooth, she was the first sweet girl I had ever seen 1 I filled another pipe and sat awhile puffing slowly, with these lines of haunting beauty running in my head; Have yoo seen bnt a bright Ifly grow, Before rude bands hare toudied it? Have you marked but the fall of the scow Before the soil hath amuteh'd it? Have you felt the wool pf the bearer J Or swan's down ever? Or have smelt o' the bud o" the lniarT Or the Hard in the fire 7 OrjtaTB tasted the bur of the beef OM white l-O so aoftl O BO sweet Is she L The poet is also the prophet; and may- - be, thought I, when old Ben Jonson planned this fairy temple of words, he had his eye on some such another little ' delicate goddess as that yonder. But there was to happen presently some>~ thing of a kind to send sentiment flying. Bit by bit the cloud-mailed sky had drawn away down info tho Northward, until far past, our mastheads that way it was clear blue heaven with an horizon ruling it of asort of transparent shaipnesa .- that made you imagine you saw the atmo* i j ii. i. —** - ie edge of some huge lens. The breeze was weak and the yacht f s pace very leisurely; there Were hints of a;'calm«St hand, here and there in co^ian ^l glassy swathes which wpund 11Mb ^cm^enfai -p-iftin \ canvasin t£e heaS of tiie s^andaflap or two forwards with ihe jsmite -of "the ^anasfc by the sqm^ topB^«sthoi^;h tliON were hands aloftiazily-"beating a carpet.' The vessel ahead was steering dead for us, her masts in one.- She was much smaller 'than I Jiad supposed from iGha first glimpse I jcaught of her from the masthead-r-a little brig, apparently, her cloths showing out rusty to the brilliance as die neared us, albeit, afar they had shone like a star of white fire. Her hull was of a, dirty yellow—a sort of pea-soup colour, anii the foot of her foresail was spread by a bentinck boom. She was without an atom of interest in my eyes—< a small foreigner, as I supposed, sluggishly lumbering home to some Spanish or Italian'port with her forecastle filled with chocolate-coloured Dagos, and the cabin atmosphere poisonous with the lingering fumes of bad cooking. Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at her together, the latter raising a glass to his eye from time to time. I knocked the ashes oat of my bowl and crossed over to them. "It will be strange if she has any news to give us of the Shark," said L "We will speak her, of course," said Wilfrid. " Looks as if she meant to give us the stem," exclaimed Finn, with a glance aft at the fellow at the helm; "she is-steering dead on for us, as if her course were a bee-line and we were athwart it." > " I expect she'll not be able to talk to you in English," said I. " What is her country, do you think, Mr% Monson?" asked Miss Jennings, closing her volume and joining us. 11 Italian. What say you, captain J " '' Well, I can't rightly tell what she is," he answered, " but £ know what she ain't —and that's English." He stepped aft, bent on the ensign, and ran it aloft. "Does ghe see us ?" exclaimed Wilfrid. " Really ahe is steering as if she would run us down." I took the captain's glass and "brought it to bear. She was bow on, -and there was no sign of a head over the forecastle rail — nothing living in the rigging or upon the .yards either; the foresail concealed the run of her abaft. "She appears derelict," said I, "with her helm secured amidships, and blowing like the wind—as she listeth.'' " Time ioget 'out of her road, I think," grumbled Finn. - " Down helium 1" The turn of a spoke or two brought the stranger on the lee bow. Then it was that, on taking another view of her through the glass, I observed a couple of men standing near a jolly-boat, that SWUM at a pair of heavy wooden davits like a Nantucket whaler s on the quarter. One of them wore a red cap resembling an inverted flower-pot; the other, whilst he addressed his companion, gesticulated with inconceivable vehemence. "Foreigners of a surety!" said I; " they'll have no news for us." All continued quiet; the two vessels approached each other slowly; the stianger now proving herself, as I had supposed her, a brig of about a hundred and eighty tons, as dirty a looking craft as ever I saw, stained in streaks about the hull, as though her crew washed the decks down with the water in which they boiled their meat; her rigging slack and grey for want of tar ; the clews of her sails gaping at a distance from her yardaims ; and at her mainmast-head an immense weather-cock, representing a boat with what I supposed to be a saint standing up in it, with gilt enough left upon the metal of which it was formed to flash dully at intervals as the rolling of the vessel swung the sunlight off and on to it. As she lifted to the floating heave of the sea she showed a bottom of ugly green sheathing, rich with marine growths, dark patches of barnacles, sea-moss, and long tradings of-weed rising vividly green from the sparkle of the brine. "What a very horrid-looking boat," observed Miss Jennings. As the girl said this I saw the fellow at the stranger s wheel revolve it with frantic 