traveller. All Kinds of Ghosts. -Monsters -and -Guardians .InsentecLJby . Various Races of Men. x aave oeen in aimoBt every country in ina world, and everywhere I have found people who have seen and believe in ghosts. In western conntries ghosts are generally harm less, but in Asia and Alrioa they ate of a malignant and vicious type. The dread of ghosts is common to all aboriginal raoes of India and Ohina, and the only means em ployed to oppose their rancor and mischiev ous dispositions is to build shrines for them and to make them offerings. Any severe illness, any epidemio disease, as small-pox eholers, etc., is attributed to the malignancy of certain of these spirits, who mast be pro pitiated accordingly. In India the man tiger is, perhaps, the most dreaded of all these demon ghosts, for when a tiger has killed a man the tiger is considered safe from harm, as the spirit of the man rides upon bis head.and guides him clear of.danger. Ac cordingly it is believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people is to begin by making offerings to the spirits of his viotim, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. In China the ghosts most propitiated are of those whp have met - a violent and untimely death, .whether by design or by acoident. Even women who die in child-bed or.wretohes who. are hanged for their, orimes are believed. to have the same power of causing evil to the' living as those who have been killed' by any other violent causes, including poison, disease, lightning, eto. All these defiled spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the.manner of their death. Thus the " tiger ghost" istheghoBt of a man killed by a tiger; the snake ghost ” the ghost of a person who-was1 killed by a snake. In Africa, the" waddy”and "-lightning" ghosts are the. most, common, but the most dreaded spirit fa tbe Sirocoo ghost, whioh is reputed by the natives an implaoable spirit. Most pf the deceased persons whose spirits are how worshipped were the ancestors of some of the aborigines. The ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts consist mainly of the offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, as well as of Sewers and fruits, of the recitation and singing of certain prayers and charms before the different shrines. These oharms or prayers are ad dressed to the defiled ghosts of the dead for the purpose of compelling the spirits to detest from doing harm or to appearand receive the orders of the performers. After two or three successive performances the ghost is under stood to be plaaated. 