had often come very near as far for the cow. And she could tell Tom all about it as they went. And so hand in hand' t^oy turned their faces towards the lowlands. CHAJPTER yiT. UNEXPECliki) UK\iOiH.E. ' To think tliut 1 never fainted through .ifc .all. O. Mr. Wellwyn — well, Tom, then/ ;??' It s-iem|i;Bi» ?ntr-ingrt all at once.' Do you know' it ii only eight weeks to- day ? »in-*e I saw you first?' ' '? ' : u '?'. 'Can it be possible, ray darling? Never mind, it is to be Tom froji this out. But I am dying to hear your story, Otie.' ' Aind I thought I would die when I found myself in the ruthless clutelia* of that strong man, borne ofE through the forest nt racing speed. Sometimes I thought I must he dreaming and tried hard to wake. But all the time I kept screaming as hard as I could, nn-I I never. knew how I could scream till then. It lings in my own cara etill. But it made no impression on that roan. On he kept until ray firoat got dry and sore and I could hardly raise a sound. Then I begiin to think. and think what could I do, My father used to say I wasn't as silly as I looked, and I thought now was the time to make uso of ray cunning if I had any. I saw that the turn must be a bushranger because I used to read how those desperate people were ptuck full of revolvers and knives. It was so with him, and I thought how easy it would be to pluck out one of those long knives and. stab him in the side ! The temptation wua dreadful aud — and there came a time when I regretted not having done it — but thank 8 be to .God now that it was re sisted, Whije still gazing on the handle of onu of those knives in a kind of fascination, the horse stopped, and the man made a movement to dis mount while still holding me with one arm, I had been still for a long time and he perhaps thought I was exhausted, but I wasn't. Snatching the knife out of its sheath, I twisted out of his hand with a sudden effort, clambi-red up a ledge of rock — we wore in a levol place with rocks all round — and stood facing him with the knife in my band.1 ' Obo, my bold beauty,1 he cried— it was the first time I heard his voice ; ' you'll do a stroke with your knife. I've got something here that will soon knock you off your perch,' arid he drew a, rovolver and poiuted it at me. 'I prayod Heaven that he would fire ! for it would saye me the sin of self-murder. There was notliJng ej.se I could see for it now. But- there is plways hope in delay, and I determined to put off the dreadful deed to the last moment. Seeing that his revolver did not frighten me, he lowered it and looked somewhat puzzled. ' ' Shoot, wicked man,1 ' I cried. ' 'It will save me the trouble,' ' and I pointed the knife to my breast. . ' He laughed harshly. ' ' Although I have been bottled up for the last twenty years I haven't forgotten all I knew about you women. You don'fc kill yourselves in a hurry. Though (ho swore a dreadful oath) I believe you would stick me like a pig if you got a slant.' ' ' ' I was tempted to do it,' I answered ' but I resisted it because it was' wicked. I could easily have done it coming along.' ' He almost jumped from the ground with astonishment and then swore oath after oath, that I was a regularbrick and Vie loved me more than ever ho could have thought. Then ho tried coaxing. ' See here,' said the odious beast, ' the girls were always fond of me even when I . was a poor ignorant bushwhacker. ?But, bless, your soul, they have made a gentleman of me down below, Taught me to read and write, make moral mats, sing hymns, gammon the chaplain — there is no end to my- accomplishments. And then I'm so famous, and you girls Jove famous people, especially famous bushrangers' — 1 And so he wnnfc on for avar so lnni». It was dreadful. I never thought I could have stood such a trial. I must have nerves like a man, surely, Tom. But now standing on that narrow ledge — it wan about 20 feet high— after' the excitement I had gone through- 1 ex pocted ? every - moment ;??' to drop. And then came the temptation to put an end to it all. Aud Oh, I was so near doing it! The terrible man lost patience at last and swore he would futcjr trso down, and was starting to climb v»p, I stretched out my arm for the blow. He must have seen by my face that I was in earnpst, ' ' Stop, stop, girl,' he cried. And then he flew into a rage, and jumped about and swore like a madman. By and by ho sat down and seemed to. think. ?'' ' ' ' ' Ootuo along, thon, girl,' ha said at last, 'and I'll take you home again. Your, dead body will be no good to me !'.. . ... '??i 'I wouldn't move. He began coaxing .'again , Sometimes I was 'nearly giving in. You have no idea, Tom, how sincere he appeared.' 1 Ah,' rejoined Tom, ' he had been 20 years ia prison— 20 years' practice on the obaplainR.' 'But I kept stubborn — I really don't know how I could havo done it: I had now been standing r-on^that bare/ narrow ledge of .rock for.mariy hoiirs — 'it seemed years— buVt 'wouldn't leave it — not to put myself at the mercy of him. At last I said, if he was sincere io go away. I could find my own way bomb. ? Ho agreed eagerly— too eagerly, T fctiought. There' is a deal of Scotch suspicion about me, Tom.', ? ? . . 'Thank God for it,' answered Tom, 'and a good deal more Scotoh deter-' urination aud eudurauoe.' ? i'TU go off right aw ay j' he said. You take the horBe, make the best of your way home, 'and then let hiiu ' go, The nag will find bis w»y back. The road out is up there.' And the man pointed to the way we had entered the glen, walked away and disappeared up the rooka at the upper end. 'I was about to scramble down, jumn on the horse and fly for bare life, bufj.'it' just 'struck mo Unit the sorgo through which wi- had come down there wound round towards whore the man had gine 'uid that lie would ili.tWcftpt me. Jly co .rse was taken in aniotnent as soon aB I thought of this.' I would trust to my own legs. Run as far as I could, then hide till night an.l make my way back. So off I went up the r.icks at the end of the glen furthest from whore the man went, and a.vay through the bush, my only idea being ji»t then to get. away from him as far as p.issibla. I ran and climbed and ran and climbed again, and at la-t gained a thie'r. scrub, pushed into the rhiukcBt part and fell down exhausted. ? ' I don't know how it happened — surely I eould not have fallen asleep — but I remember nothing until I; became slo-.vly conscious of a movement- in the scrub.. I was just leading to my feet with the knife in my hand when it was torn out of ray fiugers, and then I remember a dvjadful struggle, perhaps it only laate.l a few secoads — it couldn't have lasted much more, but it seemed an eternity— and then I was dsshod to the ground, and prayed for death ! 'The next moineut I jumped up again, picked up the knife, and stood wilh its point againBt my heart ! 'What was ho'doing ? 0 Tom, gazing with strange eyes at your photograph ! It had; fallen 'out of, my bosom in the struggle- . ' Who i* this ?' he said in an altered voice. , ' I said ? : — — ' 'Yes, dearest?' said Tom encoura gingly.- ?I said,' pursued Olie, turning upon her lover the wondrous beauty of her dove-like eyes, 'I said, one that I love more than all the world ! A long pause ensued. Tom drew another photo out oE his pocket and diaplayed it with a significant smile. ' He looked at it a long, long time, (continued Otie) muttering now and thon. At last he turned his eyes on me. I thought it was a different man. 'Come, girl, I will make a bargain with you, I'll take you home if you give mo this picture. You can get another, no doubt,' he went on with a smile, or what he tried to . make a smile, ' but there are no photographers in my. part oE the country, aud it's pretty lonsome too. But, perhaps, I'll be lucky enough to find a girl some of these days who hasn't got a young man. Yep, I see it's a bargain. Come along. The horse is tied up just out the scrub.' ' I followed, him, Tom. I supposo I was upset, but my fear of him seomtd to leavo me at once. I kept a tight grip of the knife though. As we were galloping back I couldn't help asking him — feminine curiosity, Tom — how he came to find me there, 'The merest accident, girl. I saw you running away — I was watching from the top of the rocks — aad knaw my ouly chance was to get the horse and run you down. But aEter three or four hours of tearing about tho country. I was giving it up for a bad job when I struck your trail in the long grass within a few yards of the scrub. The track was easily followed through the thick underwood and I crawled in on you and caught you napp ing. It is wonderful — wonderful. It must be coming to an end.' And 0 ho spoke so strange and sad that I almost pitied him. Soon after, he cried, ' Here's your young man coming for you ! Take care of youraolf, girl, and sometimes give a kind thought to the bushranger.' He dropped me to the ground, I handed him the knife, which he took with a smile, waved his hand, and wao off, You know tho rest,' . : It was pitch dark before the shepherd's hut was reached. v i; ? .- ...UJU.iVri'.EU. \ XX, Ho left an outlaw's naino to other timed, ' Linked with one virtue »ud u hundred crimes. ; OE the wild joy and excitement in the house of Struan that night this history will, not pause to tell. The father had only just returned, sick and sure at heart, from his fruitless quest, for Otio was tho apple oE his eye, and his stubborn Highland con stitution threatened to give way before tho shoc'i Ho had managed to send word to Eedruth as well as Eastholiao homestead. From the latter came a message that all hands should bo turned out at daylight to the search — it was ,late when Mr. Minton heard o£. the startling event— and ; shortly after the arrival of Tom and Otie a trooper arrived, despatched by the inspector at the former pl;\ca, With bim c.vno Tom's horse which the ' trooper had found at the eight- mile gate and brought along in tho way of enquiry. He also brought a message oE assurance that: the: bushranger who carried off Miss Struan— ^-for it must be he— would he in the hands of tho police to-morrow. r, ;...-. \- ''We! knew it must be Small, alias Maurice,' explaiuod McPergus, the trooper, ' beoause the bould' scamp stuck- up' Mr.; -and Mrs, Haddock yesterday and said, with a wink at the lady, that ho was very lonely at home, but intended to have a nice companion' to spend Christinas witii him. Andj bpjasue,' contained the gallant civil-' military man, gazing with all tho admiration of a young Iriahman-at Otie, ' but? he was near 'keeping his promise, bad. cess to him. But it's n different Christinas entirely he's going to spend. He'll be in our hands to morrow morning, and that same's .ChrUtuiati. Faith his Christmas box '11 bo a mighty strong jug.' .: The exoitemeut of the day, coupled with this joke, tuld upon the little family, and all looked wearied out. McFeigus was obliged to depart, his orders beinir imperative, and Tom wisliod to accompany, but thU neither the trooper nor tho family would permit. The Grateful mother, in the, irt-re-t* of Tom. himsilf, pretended foil' of fc'ie rot urn of tha b-i 'hr-n^r, ? and McFergua clinched the argument by asserting that he d ire nit for the life of him ,brin-$' anyone to the rendezvous or indicate its liicility. Sj Tom lay down, but bis resolve vim laktm. He would visit this man in his- haunt and sen if nothing couU be done for him. Minifestly he was not all bad. A traue of the angel still remained, a germ that might be so cultivated as to overgrow all the blemishes of a bad life, the result perhaps nvire of his environment* than himself. See him he would and must. At the earliest' dawn of day Torn stole softly out of the hut, picked up his bridle an 1 sv\ lie aad went iti quest oE his horse.: Then was, the signifi cance oE the trite and equally tersa urpverb, 'more haste, worse sneed' driven ' home to the understanding oE Tom .Weilwyn ; for his horse, unac customed to being approached at such An unseasonable hour, made off as hard as his hobbles won Id, illow him. Tom followed until it seemed too pleasant a task to carry tho sa-Ule, so this was dropped under a bush, the fleut-footed young man vowing to run the con founded horse down if didn't stop quickly. Then came another mishap— tho hobbla-chain broke and the de lighted, steed launched over the plain with all the delighted espansiveuess of one who has gained his liberty.. There was do help for it. Tom had to follow to the eight-mile gato, and even then the work of catching that' horse was not accomplished so easily. By the time Tom got back to his saddle the sun was well up — and there were seven, or eight miles to go. Tom considered it prudent to leave the horse some distance from the outlaw's den. By using his own nimble legs to best advantage he could make up in short cuts for lack of pace, and, above all this, was the only way he could expsot to pass tho cordon oE polico which he had every reason to believe was being drawn round the place. Breathless between excitement and exertion, the young man gained the orost of a rooky ridge and looked down upin that peculiar amphitheatre ho had once seen before. All was- still for a second or two ; then the stamping of a horse, vexed by the summer flies, drew attention to a part of tho natural paddock where a racehorso — there could be doubt a!)out that — 3tood tethered to a tree. Tom's heart bent even quicker, and tljen seemed to stand still. For sud only, as if out oE the ground, issued a human figure, grizzled, dishevelled, bristling with arms. The still lithe and sturdy figure paced towards the horse, slowly ,: with head somewhat down as if oppressed by thought, evidently unsuspicious oE being observed by any human eye. Like a clap of thunder in a clear Bky, aloud, sharp report awoke the universal stillness of this solitary seclusion, and th-3 glen roared in reverberations throughout its multitudinous rocks. The man throw up his hands — turned, nud ran back. Another shot, and be turns again. Another and another and another — five — ton — twenty deadly reports — and still the quarry turned and turned in acknow ledgement of the excellent practice being made, until at last, aFter staggcr iug in short circlns for a few seconds, he dropped. But still the bullets continued to rain around him. The suddenness and startling nature of the tragody paralysed To in at fi«t. Then, seeinp; what wast.iking place, he bounded down tlia roeky declivity regardless of the bullets flying on every side; His heart was bursting with rage and pity. 0 the degenerate times ! The difference between this ambushed army, riddling their man with lead, and the gallant vouna trooper of twfnty years ago who single handed bearded tho terror in his den and took him without firing a shot ! The last ballet splashed the earth on to the prostrate bushranger as Tom knelt beside him aud took his baud. 'How is it with you? cried tho young man in a voice that startled himself. ' I am wounded,' ulfcaved tho poor wretch in a hoarse voice. 'Shoot me dead !' ' I don'fc come to shoot,' said the. other, raising tho dying man's head. ' I am a friend. Cm I d ) anything for you ?' . ? He opened his oyes then for the first time, and there appeared in their depths the awsoine consciousness oE one who deems he looks upon a ghost. ' (Jan't I do anything for you ?' persisted the youth in a choking voico. The frozen oppression of the eyes thawed into softness before a gleam of pleasant memory. The doer of evil remembered oue good deed to his credit and hugjjsd it in his last moment. A faint smile illuminated the features — and remained there. Ho had. gone to spend his Christmas in auother place. [end] STOHIES. BY DEACON DAINALL. BANK AND BUSH, OB BLOOD WILL TELL. ; ; : CHAPTER L A DISTASTEFUL PROPOSAL. .'A bank!' said the youth in tones that betrayed anything but satisf action. ' Yes,' answered the old gentleman. 'Does the prospect not please you?' ?' I did hope, sir,' rejoined the other with an effort, 'that you would have flflnf mfi iin nnn of f.Vm nfafinns — 'Rn.af- holm, for preference — as I thought I ?'*? ? might be better able there to look after your interests and repay you for your care and the excellent education you have given me.' There was a pause during which various shadows of memory seemed to sweep across the brow of the elder. At length, speaking in a very quiet and alow manner, he said, ' Perhaps so, Tom. People of your age generally ' know best what is best not only fo'r \ themselves but for their elders. The 1 only drawback is that the elders can't ?; be got to see it, and I am one of them. ' I have exercised my own poor judg ment over this matter without consulting you because when I was your ago my father never consulted me. The bush very naturally presents all the attractions in life to those whose ideas of life consist : in riding horses, hunting kangaroosand shooting wild bulls, with a brush with a bush ranger now and again to give it zest. 1 can count on my fingers a good many young men who started with these famous ? prospects— and are now shepherding sheep in the far west — while others whose parents orguardians placed; .them in ignoble commercial* pursuits -.hold souio of the most important positions in 'the land. But, ,,, i ; ofcourse,: 'you know beat.' And he ????-. turned to his newspaper again with a grave face.-though there might be de tected. somothing like a twinkle in the clear blue eye beneath the heavily overhanging^brow. . ? No, sir,|;' rejoined *'10 y°u^ m a softened voice' though with traces . o f the frown remaining, ' you know best. You know best what pleases you, and it is my duty, as it should be and is my pleasure to please you. Tliough I have always hated the thoughts of a bank, I will gb to it cheerfully because ydiV^wish it, and have no doubt about soon becoming reconciled to the oc cupation.— Thank Heaven,' he thought ' it is not far from Eastholme, and Mr. Minton will give me the run o£ the Btatiqn,on; holidays.' ' ? ' And so poor Tom Wellwyn, retat. 19, fresh from' college, with pulses boun ting' foV ' the glorious life of the romantic bush- —for he nothing doubted but. his kind old guardian, Mr. Dare, would let him go to Eastholmo or one o£ his other stations — was shunted into a vile bank. To abandon all his visions of freedom and adventure in order to 'face the round eternal of the cash-book and the journal' — in the ?] . ? language of the world he so panted to '\ , become acquainted with, it ' fetched him up with a round turn.' He put the best face he could on: it, but the best was not good enough to deceive Mr. Dare who eat in his nice library overlooking 'our beautiful harbour,' apparently absorbed in the European nows of two months ago (for the , English' mail had arrived overnight) y '' but was evidently absorbed in thing3 of much remoter date. ? * # . . # Redruth was not a town of much importance in those days. It was what the Yankees would call a one 1)688 concern though destined to ?jhy&iB..; great in the future, and already C jjj^Tje^iuK^ig ' to show signs of steady K ' progress. ?;??' The railway had not c/uite '*&-^ reached the town, yet it possessed three banks, two newspapers, and hotels ad libitum. 'jj-ceedingly ravv nn(j aQ\^ especially .- Ihe stranger from the tepid breezes of Sydney, was tho evening on which Tom Wellwyn tirat espied the hamlet of Rcdruth from tho top of the coach that then conveyed wayfarers the few remaining miles of uncompleted rail way. But all discomfort was forgotten at the sight of the hearty face of Mr. Minton, manager of Eistholino, who: awaited the arrival of his friend at the Vico- llegal Inn, where the coach still put up. Mr. Minton and Torn had hocome acquainted in Sydney where! 1 ho former frequently went to confer with liis principal, and although just about twice Tom's ago now, the two; became faBt friends when the one was ten and the other thirty.' From the vory first the strapping bushuian re garded his acquaintance with peculiar . interest, and the mutual esteem had deepened to such an extent that the hearts went into the hands that grasped \- -- 'each other on this cold October evening. The first words of the maua^er was iiuisic to the new urrival'd ear : ' Mind, you must give me every hour you can S|ure. There will bo always a horse or a trap ready for you wheuevor you \ cnu itMvc.tho bank for a day There '-; always plenty going on at Eastholmo '??it will suit ??your book, or I don't ?' — «~i. »qu.' _j(lt! felt he could have .hugged his ieudTonly that the latter at that tno nt introduced him to hiu bank boss, I i' .Adams, who had also come to meet hi now clbik and wya a particuhirfrieud \- Mr. Daro. CHAPTER II, THE PROSPECT MOKE PLEASING. Tom was making his seventh or eighth trip to Ea&tholtne.; It was only a couple of hours' rido ('tor a young fellow who liked going thepaoe) from Redruth, so that every Saturday — and of course the eve of every bank holi day — saw what was becoming a well known figure taking its way across the plain and ridges towards the splen did homeBtoad on Eastern Croek. Archie' Moore, the groom at Eastholme, accompanied him the first time, but afterwards he gener ally raced the distance by him self. It was on his second trip, made during an early afternoon that the young man dis covered it could be hot as well as cold on the high lands. Going across the long plnin he felt as if the sun would strike him to the earth where ho would wither up and commence to roll along with the ' roley poley ' grass that went tumbling along at the slightest breath of wind. On the top of a hill to the right grew a clump of timber and in this clump nestled a shepherd's hut. Where there was a hut there must be water, and poor Tom's town-bred tongue threatened to cloavo to the roof of his mouth. The hut was soon reached and out came the shepherd's wife, a neat Celtic figure with the dearest face in the world — so unexpected a vision of what was pleasant that Tom quite fell in love with her — in a Platonic sense, of course — and never afterwards did he fail to take Mrs. Struan's comfortable little domicile on his journeyings to and fro. But it was on his seventh or eight trip that Tom met his fato. The evening fell glorious and there was a three-days' holiday before the young banker who was becoming quite recon ciled to his counting-house work. How ho got the three days we will not stop to inquire, but there they were before him with all their potentialities of wild enjoyment. What wonder that he put his mettlesome steed at tho hill for all he was worth, and had reined up and leaped to the earth, in a fine frenzy, without being exactly conscious to the minutiae of his surroundings, and had even stretched out his hand for the clasp of his friend Mrs. Struan, \v hen once more ? he was brought up with a round turn. Not Mrs. Struan but the fairest girl in all the world ! We put ourselves in Tom's place for the moment and utter his sentiments. The sweetest deepest of grey eyes, matchless com plexion, wild wealth of flaxen hair, plas tic form and well-bred, modest manner. Surely, it couldn't be ! ' This is Otie,' said Mrs. Sfcruan who hatl greeted and shaken hands with Tom without his being at all conscious of anything of the sort. ' My dochtor Otic,' continued the charming old lady in her delicious Doric. 'Ye will niie mind me telling o' her. She hae been wi' Mr3. Williamson o' Billool these three year. Ye ken she went as servant but the missis took sic pride in her that she treatad her like her ain dochter. And now, Lord save us, they say Otie can e'en play the piano!' And the fond mother contemplated her offspring with an admiration largely mingled with incredulity. Tom allowed himself to be led inside. He wanted to be particularly bright and interesting. Now was the time to bring some of his college acquire ments into play and exhibit the wisdom of a paternal government which providos tho higher education for the feiv at the expenso-bf che many. The most bewitching creature ho ever saw sat opposite, and what more stirring incentive to display could be provided ? And yet, as ill-luck would have it, a particularly stupid fit seized him at the supremo moment. The more he struggled to shake off the infernal incubus the more dreary and owl-like he felt himself becoming. Mrs. Struan rattled on in the old style, while her auditor muttered curses, not loud but deep, on his own idiosyncrasy. The conversation, or rather monologue, aoon took tho direction' of Otie, and Otie the opportunity to retire, with a sweet courtesy to the visitor, who also seized the opportunity to break the spell that bound him. With an awkward apology about being late, he grasped the hand of his hostess, jumped into the saddle and lammed the unfortunate beast to such an extent that all fear of being late soon disappeared. The sun was still visible when the roofs of Eastholine homestead appeared through the box leaves, and even when Mr. Minton greeted the visitor with tho usual hearty welcome, and jocularly observed, as he eyed the heaving flanks of the horse, that ho supposed Tom had been pursued by a messenger from tbe bank to say thnt he would be wanted first thing in the morning. ? CHAPTER III. ' , AN. OUTLAW'S -DEN. , It was a great and glorious time at .Eastholmo, those three days of Tom Wellwyn's ? visit. ;. Mr. Minton had spent several evenings drawing up tho programme, so that when Tom waB ushered into the capacious house ho found it full to overflowing. In ad dition to the manager's© wn small family, who nevee seemed to fill raoro than a corner of their abode, neighbouring squatters with their wives and elder sons and daughters appeared to the number of twenty or thirty. But we will pass over the stirring days and jolly evening*, the processional rides and drive?, excursions and picnics, emu hunts and kangaroo drives, dances and pimos and all that stirs the pulses of tho denizen of tho bush, be he man or matron, aspiring youth or budding maiden, or even the three cornered, incapable hobbledehoy — for all sorts and conditons of humanity are quickened into life and sympathy in contact with tho better influences of tbo gloriouo bush ! We will pass over them because our time is short, and ?when tine is short it is bad policy to mount your hobby. The programme concluded with an afternoon ride to Billool, in company with Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, from which place Mr. Minton was to take Tom a short-cut to the neighbourhood of Redruth. Tom rode ahead with the lady while the other two maintained an eager conversation in the rear, from whence were caught odd snatches which indicated that the controversy oC crossbred versus merino formed the staplo, so to speak, of discussion. As for Tom, he managed very cleverly to introduce Ofcie Struan in the most matter-of- fact way — and that was enough. The excellent lady, who had no daughters of her own, was never weary of dilating on the praises oE her protege — so kind, so clever, so modest, and above all, so lady-like. But it was in her. Nature had done for Otie what education and example failed to achieve in hundreds of cases. Not that Otie was uneducated; far from it. Her tact and talent had done more for her in two or three years than a long and elaborate course of training for ordinary girls. Otie was one of Nature's gentlewomen. When the home paddock gate o£ Billool was reached tho ride scemod all too short to Tom Wellwyn. Tom didn't think there could be such rough country in clode proximity to the plains and gentle ridges ho had been accustomed to as his friend now ledhim into in a few minutes. All traces of civilisation disappeared utterly nor from tho top of the highest hills could aught be seen but other hills and mountains, gullies and gorges, giant trees and patches of dense scrub. Now they were toiling up a rocky declivity, now scuffling down a precipice where no horse could main tain a footing but for tho density of thicket that helped to prop him up iMr. Miuton had grown very silent and kept straight on without a word, and Tom, under such circumstances, fol lowed scorning to give utterance to any of the dabiety that naturally oppressed his soul. Presently the horse stopped and Tom, who hiid been busily occupied in keeping from tumbling over tho pommel of the saddle, looked up and saw that his companion had reined up in one of tho wildest and gloomiest gorges the mind could conceive. On every side, ap parently, except where they had descended, frowned black,knotted, preci pitous rouks, surmounted far up in the sky by giant blood woods whose' foliage moaned dismally in the wind that never found the bottom of theoheerless chasm. Down the rocks at one point dropped a feeble drill of water that was lost as as soon as it touched earth. Prom overy crevice in the adamantine walls, from base to battlement, dark stunted wattles thrust themselves horizontally, until the cloudy sky above could only be seen in patches, and a portentous twilight completed the weird appoint ments of the scene. ' Surely,' said Tom, half aloud, ' we are the first living beings that ever intruded into this decensns Avemo since the making of the world.' He had scarcely spoken when, his eyes becoming more accustomed to the gloom, he perceived that Mr. Minton was contemplating what appeared to be the remains of an old gunyah. A sheet or two of decaying bark still clung to the bole of a tree, and others almost rotted away lay on the rocky ground. Was it possible, then, that some ex ploring blacks had once ventured to camp in this uncanny hole ? ' It was no blackfellow,' said Mr. Minton in reply to this query, ' who lived hero. There is a strange tale' — he spoke as with some effort — ' con nected with tho decayed camp.' ' Let us have it by all means,' cried Tom, jumping from his horse and pro ducing his cigar case. ' I am dying for a smoke, and smoking is out of the question while travelling this delectable short-cut of yours. Is there much more of it ?' Mr. Minton likewise dismounted and lit his beloved clay. After a few puffs : ' Unfortunately I am not at liberty to tell the story.' ' O hang it,' retorted tho crestfallen Tom, ' that comes too late, you know. Nobody has any right to mention about a story if he is not prepared to tell it. You'ro not going to put mo off like that. Somehow, I suppose it is the appearance of . tVjfe place, but an over powering uVrtfire has seized me to learn the mystery of that camp.' ' Very well, Tom Wellwyn,' said his friend seriously ; ' I will tell it on two conditions : that you never breathe a syllable of the story, or anything conneotoil with it, to a soul, and that you ask no questions. The honour and memory of some dear friends are involved.' ' Then you can depend upon me. I promise.' This was said almostsolemnly. The manager smoked on quietly for a few minutes and then begun. CHAPTER IV. A WILD STORY. I will use no names. All concerned have disappeared from the land. I was a young fellow then, about your ago, Tom, and ready to resent with all tho force of my fists the imputation of being a jackeroo ; for I had. seen some three years of. station life and reckoned myself up to every move on tbo pastoral board. I was getting very handy to tho boss—as I will call him — and I know it. He had otio daughter— the only surviving child— the mother had, gone beforo my time — about 'my own age, a wild, vivacious, horsey, bush girl; One who could never be kept indoors; could rido anytliiug, and would rido.it, alone, anywhere ; clap, on the bridle and saddle in a twinkling;' mount un assisted, and off heaven knows where; always at full speed. The boss could do nothing with her. I soon found that out. She was an only child. One day Larry Ryan the horse breaker encountered a thoroughgoing ' man-eater.' Larry, who always posed as a hero ready to ride anything that was ever foaled, was no sooner in the saddle than out of it, and after several spills, which were thoroughly enjoyed by everybody, especially by — Loo — we'll call her Loo — who was never far away when anything horsey was going on, was ready to give the horse best and take it out of the smallest of the grinning tormentors that lined the horse-yard rails. It happened just into his hand. 1 Fetch the tarpot and we'll paint his trousers. He may be able to stick to him then, if the stuff's good.' And somebody jumped into the yard. Larry rushed at him in blind fury, and the next moment went flying across the yard. We all looked in astonishment at this arrival in tho arena. A perfect stranger ; dark, lithe, swaggering — something be tween the bold buccaneer and the flash native. ' Djn't cry, sonny,' he observed with airy braggadocio to poor Larry. ' I'll takeit o\i '; »f your blooming prad' — he used a different adjective, habitually used it indeed. And without more ado he seized the trailing reins and, without waiting to put them over the horse's head, leapt into the saddle. The man eater bucked his best, played all his variations out, but without affect. The stranger proved a very burr and could not be shaken off. Anyone who doe3 that before such an audience is sure of applause. But that poor girl Loo ! She was literally wild with excitement and admiration. And when tho stranger ordered them to throw down the rails and the still unconquered ' outlaw' flew out of the yard and over the plains, flying-bucking and endeavouring to run his rider against everystray tree, tho girl was like one demented. We watched the n tearing over the last ridge and then we saw saw them no more. They never returned. There was great hunting after the runaways, and Loo was among the most eager in tho search ; but it ended in failure. Rain fell that night and the tracks could not followed. The daring and impudent robbery formed the theme of every fireside and camp fire for many a day, and then was forgotten like other things. Almost from that day a change came over Loo — a change of demeanour, that is. As for her loiiely rides and scampcrings, they became more fre quent that ever. In fact she was always at it. Wet or dry, week day or Sunday, that girl was in tho saddle, and never allowed anybody to accom pany her. Several times her father insisted upon doing bo, but always returned in an hout or two — alone. The wilful hussy had run away from him in the bush. ? The buss never was a rider. Ho came into the bush too late in life, and I suppose wasn't built that way either. As the time passed the change in the girl grew more and more apparent — and sad. Prom a volatile, vivacious, possibly flash girl, all animal spirits, we began to see a moody, moping creature, with every good look she ever had gone, There were other changes too that no discerning eye could mistake. It must have been about twelve months after the stranger bolted with the horse when tho boss one morning called me into his office. ' Jack,' he said — and I shall never forget his piteous look — ,' it must be done. I cannot bear it any longer. Follow that girl. Do not let her Bee you, but ? find out what it all means. Take Fidgets.' Fidgets was the best horse, next to Loo's— oE course Loo always had the best — on the station. With Fidgets I had no fear about keeping up with her. Tho difficulty was to keep her in bight without her sighting mo. But it did not prove as difficult as I ex pected. The girl had lost hor go and seemed almost earless whether she was followed or not, or what happened. Once and twice only during the journey did she let her thoroughbred out, and then for 5 or G miles things were lively enough, for the country began to get pretty rough. I lost hor onca or twice, but as she always went straight on she was soon sighted again. At last she stopped. She had then got into a kipd of natural paddock with rocks all round except the narrow gorge through which she hod entered. A horse neighed. I looked, and felt the perspiration freezing . on my brow. She dismounted, and began to make her way towards tho far end o£ tho paddock. I followed her example, proceeding cautiously and with a beating heart. ? ; Suddenly she disappeared I crept forward to the place. . Nothing but the rock ! Not a vestige of the girl anywhere. Backward and forward I searched, looking no doubt about as foolishasfrightened.But my keen bush man's eye detected something at last! A dinge in the lichen on a stone as if a hand had just pressed it. I placed tny hand on the spot. It went through the r«ck ! I drew it back unnerved for the moment. Then summoning my faculties I investigated, with the result that what appearod tho solid rock was, to the extent of about two feet square, a lid in tho Bhape of a thin lichen-covered stone. ' It was easily removed and replaced. By crawling through the hole I almost immediately found myself in a wild gorge. £, It was a trying moment and any one'likely to be my last ; but I must see it out. Hark! voices surely. I strained my ears but it was a long time before I could gather the direction, although they seemed quite near. Crawling on my hands and knees round a rock I came almost bump against a rough-built gunyah — ao rough that it was not diffi cult to see what was going ou inside from almoit any part of the outside Applying my eye to a oraok, my suspicions were at once confirmed. It was the ' man eater' I had seen in the rock paddock above, and the man who ran off with him was now inside with Loo ! 4\. terrible interview it evidently was. Her voice was already hysteiical ; his dogged and brutal. ' You must do something, Maurice,' she almost screamed. 'Now then, tell a cove what he must do. Take you to church, hey ? And ask the blooming bobbies to give you away? That would be giving myself away at- tho Batne time. They are getting precious close on to me as it is.' ' Wretch ! Have you no natural feolinga ? Have you no consideration for your unborn child ?' ' 0 stash that, Loo, do,' aaid the scoundrel half savagely, half apologeti cally. ' Why do you bring a fellow. to it and then go and let out on him this road ? I'm sure I wish to goodness I never had anything to do with it. Grirls is all right enough but when it cornea to kids why — Hang it, Loo, can't you tell a fellow what to do.' But enough of this. I listened till my heart grew sick, and began to consider how best to proceed. I had not long to consider, ' Hush ! ' and a hand was laid gently on my shoulder. A great tall, strapping young felloiv in trooper's uniform stood by my side. I knew him. He had often been at Eastholme. With a gesture of caution he moved slowly round to the entrance of tho gunyah. It was easily done without disturbing the inmates. The quarrel had now reached a pitch of fury. ' Joseph Small, alias Maurice, you are my prisoner !' ' D ? i if I am !' — a shriek — and a sheet of bark flew out of the side of the gunyah and flattened me to the ground. What took place the next few seconds is not very clear to me as I was half stunned. A confused idea of shooting somewhere overhead first attracted my attention, and then at ray foot I saw the wretched girl lying as if dead — for the sheet of bark removed by the flight of the bushranger nearly stripped one side of the gunyah. Then the crash of underwood warned me oE the falling of some heavy body overhead, and the two combatants, locked together, rolled past me to the bottom of the gorge. I rushed forward to assist the trooper, but was not required. During the fall the head oE the bushranger had come into violent contact with a rock and he was now insensible. He scarcely re mained po, though, long enough to be handcuffed. Then a more embaraissing difficulty arose. Poor Loo now began screaming hysterically again. I was only a youngster and knew nothing oE these things ; the dame withjthe trooper ; but we couldn't be blind to the fact that the unfortunate creature was in the pangs of maternity. What could we do ? She could not be moved ; she must not be left. We hastily arranged that I should stay by her while the trooper with his prisoner hurried to the station and returned with assistance. He made all haste, but the sun was already low. It was dark before the relief party could start and the place was exceedingly dilficultto find by night. Before they arrived it was all over, and the poor girl had passed to where the wisked cease from troubling. 0 God,,that was a terrible time ! , He sat a minute with his head in his hands ; then jumped up and made to the little spring. , _ Tom remained petrified. His neglected cigar had long dropped from his fingers. A gleam of something white amid a tangle of leaves and sticks, apparently blown into the hollow of the tree against which the gunyah had been built, caught his eye. He draw it out : The remains of a lady's d -linfcv, lace edgnd handkerchief, mouldered yet with a small portion sound. And that portion bore the name quite legibly. — Laura Wellwyn Dare ' Laura Wellwyii D.ire,' murmured Tom while a rush of emotions con vulsed him, emotions as unaccountable as the impulse which caused him to hide in his pocket this strange souvenir o£ a wild story, 'instead of exhibiting it to the narrator. ? ; CHAPTER IL ' I LOOSE AGAIN. 'But come, Tom, said Mr. Minton with his bright old manner ; 'the sun is getting low and you have not; seen all the wonders oE this mysterious place yet.' .:?.? . ?.,. Tom was inwardly wondering how they were to got out without going: back. If would not bo possible to get the horses through the hole in, the rock. The way out was tho bthor wonder alluded to ? by his companion — an extraordinary natural shclE in the rock, varying from two to ton foot wide, and which, as it followed the cant of the strata formed -a perfeotly practicable bridle tr.iek from top to bottom.' No horse, however, could have. Been iu duced to knowingly face so giddy a road, but so thick was the growth of wattles and other foliage that it was more like climbing a scrubby hill than banging to the face ot a dizzy precipice. ' The trooper managod to find- that road, however he did it, tho day I told you of,' said Mr; Minton. ' Ho had ohnscd tho bushranger to within a milo of his don tho day before, and camped on his tracks that n'ight. Next m orn - ing ho followed them up ; foun'l the horso in tho paddock, and then was nonplussed, being unable to Gnd the secret eutrance, as anybody would unless favored by accident. But he was not to bo beaten. After oxploring about all day ho succeeded in getting down by this wonderful natural siding, and that's how he maaugod to pop on me as I told you. Eveu if hu had missed this, it would have only throw him baok a day as ho would have workod round till ho got to the track wo came down. A clever fellow ; I always s.iid he would be an inspector.' They had not gone many hundred yards when Tom pulled up with an exclamation. ' Why, can that hi Sfcruau's hut ?' ' Thai's the five-mile where Struan is shepherding.' ' I had no idea it was so near this wild country.' ' Not so near as you think, perhaps, It is quite six miles from this.' ' What ?' cried Tom ; ' I feel as if I could got there in four ju nps.' 'People can jump far when tho attraction is powerful.' This closed the conversation for a time. # * * A few weeks after the ..aboveJid ven- ture, Tom was taking an evening street stroll with one of his follow ' binkors ' when tliey , encountered Adonijah Rooster, Lieutenant Calabash (of the Horse Mrrines) Dr. Dipsomany, aud several other notabilities in excited discussion. ' He'll be at it again in a week,' said Calabash. * This should smash the confounded Government into atoms,' cried the Rooster, while the medical man looked like blood-letting. ' What's the row ?' enquired the irreverent Marchent, Tom's companion. ' The Government have let the notorious bushranger Small out after doing twenty years,' said the indignant Booster. ' Twenty years is not a bad spell,' suggested the banker. 'But he was sentenced to thirty,' retorted the Rooster. ' And should have been hanged,' hissed the doctor, his always high toned proboscis glowing like a live opal. Just then the group was joined by no less a personage than Trimmer of tho Redruth Balancing Pole. Trimmer had reason to be pretty mad at the moment for the following reason : Among the most important documents in his office was the black list contain ing the names of citizens who had to be written down. This document was the especial care of Trimmer himself who added to and subtracted from it as occasion served. It was Trimmer's most express injunction that every new editor — Trimmer affected new editors — should be presented with the latest edition of the list on the hour of his installa tion in the dreary little back sanctum. When the last editor had got the inevitable sack he carried' off the list with a view to ulterior purposes, and Trimmer being absent, his son wrote a fresh one out from memory. Whether by accident or design — the latter is darkly hinted — Trimmer junior's list did not contain the blackest name on. that black list, the bete noir, the arch enemy of the Trimmer world. And as the other arch-enemy would have it, the former performed some public function the same day -in a manner which alto-, gether pleased the new scribe, who, (not seeing the performer's name on the black list) thought there was no harm in saying so. . It thus happened that when Trimmet arrived by the aEternoon coach and opened jfche Balancing Pole the first thing to catch his eye was half a column of panegyric on the man, who, iE the curses of a fervent Trimmer could prevail, would years ago have had his portion in the lake. To rush to the office and raise Cain was the work of not many minutes. He had just performed the operation to his entire satisfaction, and that was perhaps the reason why his oleaginous countenance was composed into its public form of .benevolent smirkiucss when ho joined, the group. Besides, he had a piece oE newa that was bound to sell a dozen extra Poles in the morning. ' What do you say about it, Timmer ?' queried Calabash ' We were speak ing of the release of that scoundrel Small.' It struck Trimmer in a moment, for he was a clever fellow. What a wind fall! His bit of news at onee became invested with interest sufficient to sell fifty extra Poles. ' I have just got something of a startling nature to toll you about that, gentleman,' he answered with a face Eull of head-lines. ' My editor — wonderEully cultured man, Mr. Toady crawls' — he had just been howling and hissing at the cultured one for an hour and a half — ' received a telegram five minutes ago irotn Nodleigh saying- that Fineham's boy had been aiiuck up while out exor cising Heliotrope and the horse carried off.' :- ?????'? ? ? ' Ha!' screamed the doctor,' it is he. '.' Belud !' and he strode down the street with great heroic strides: ' ' ' By jingo, 1 shouldn't wonder if ho was right,' exclaimed Calabash. . , ' I know he: :is,:'; declared Trimmer knowingly, ' It will all appear in the Balancing Pole in . . the morning. ' There is a book in my library called ' Let me see, was.'there not something very mysterious about his capture in tho Billool Range twenty years ago?' hastily interrupted tho Rooster. ,; 1 Mysterious is no name for it, , Mr. Rooster,' returned the maker of public opinion. ' They did manage to keep it dark. Inspector Walker, now stationed at Sinninsorra, could tell a story about that if he liked. But ifc paid to hold his tongue. He rose very rapidly, did the inspector.' Tnia was added with n meaning smirk. ' From what I have heard the doctor say iu his cups,' whispered tho Rooster, ' I am certain ho could tell a story too. There was a girl in tho affair — of that I am curtain — and Dipjomany was sweet on hor. But how do you know that it was Small, Trimmer ? Was a description given in the telegram ?' ' It was this way,' replied Trimmer, beginning to tax his iuveutivo powers ; 'the boy was riding quietly along a bridle track lookiug out tor the owb, at tho name time giviug the horse gontle exercise. He heard the sound o£ cantering behind, bat dida'fc take, muoh notice until tho rider ranged up by his side and looking sharply at Heliotrope — that brings to mind that the flower of that now weed-pest very much resembleB heliotrope at a distance. It will bo the ruin of tho nountry if not looke 1 after in time. Whenever my gardener sees one of those weeds growing in my garden, or in my lawn, oraven in my pasture where my Alder ney cows — ' ' Cjine along, WelKvyn,' sail Mar chent. ' Old Trimmer ia into his pos sessions, and good for an hour and a-half at least.' CHAPTER VI. RAPINE AND KESTOBATON. ? How comes it that Mr. Dare never speaks of niy relations or of anything connected with me t The son of a dead friend — an orphan consigned to his care — probable enough ; but surely some memorials were consigned along with me. But I have never heard of them — not even of a ring, a chain, a letter, a lock of hair. And he has ever avoided mention of my parents. All this has not struck me beforo because I have been used to it, reared and educated to it ; but now ? ' A shrill cooeo interrupted these un comfortable musings. Tom Wellwyn observed that the hail was meant for him and that it proceeded from some one with a flock of sheep about half a mile off the road. But ivhab was his surprise to find his friend Angus Struan, a boy of about 8 years, in charge. ?' Hullo, Angus, where is your father ?' ' Oh, Mr. Wellwyn, ' cried the boy with great tear-filled eyes, ? father's gone after Otie and I have to. mind the sheep.' ' After Otie — what do you mean V ' 0 dear, dear, a wild man run away with her !' Tom reeled in his saddle. Something seemed to strike him a violent blow on the temples. ' You little wretch,' he shouted at the poor boy, ' if you attempt to play tricks on me — 'and he shook his whip menacingly. ,...''? ' But I saw him,' persisted the urchin with wide eyes. ' Me and Otie went up towards the mountain for the cow, early, and along comes a man on a horse — my, such a stunner ! — and he just catches Otie up and bolts like mad, she screaming dreadful ? ' Tom drove the spurs into his horse, and bolted like mad in his turn. Ho wouldn't give himself time to think until he had proved the truth or other wise of this astounding story. A few minutes sufficed. The terrified mother ran to meet him with starting orbs and wringing hands. She poured out words, but he heard nothing. Tbe truth was known,1 and without a word he galloped off at top speed. For O tie was more than all the world to him. The few weeks elapsed since he first, saw her hai beon improved to the utmost. No vyords of love, exactly, had passed between them — ho uttered words — but many thousands had been looked. They knew they loved each other well, but were too young and inexperienced — it was first love on both sides — to bring the sentiment to concrete form. They were sure enough of each other's love to be content with their present relations for a time. It was only on his la?t vioit that Tom had ventured to ask Otie for one oE her photographs in exchange for one of his own. He wanted it for his album, of course, and observing two of Otie's in her mother's album it occurred to him that the exchange might be mutually benenficial — to the albums — in the way of variety. Otie acquiesced without trusting herself to elaborate Tom's clever pleading. She gave the photo with a glance that was a far more cogent argument than anything ho could produce, and he confessed it from his heart. This had taken place only a few days ago, and now — ? — ' Where was he ? What was he doing By this time tearing through the timber that began to clothe the foothills of the range looming above. Where he was going it was probable he would not have been able to teli if asked. Reason was suspended for tbe time. It was instinct— incomprehensible word — that guided him straight as an arrow for the lofty vidge whence, in company with Mr. Minton, he had once looked down on the roof that covered Otie. What is that ? Has he gone mad altogether and is beguiled with visions ? For an instant, as he rose the crest of a a hill, there came, like a lighting-flash, the picture of a man. riding at a sharp pace through tho underwood towards him, and streaming close behind him the gleam of long hair burning in the splendor of the sotting sun ! Before he had time to spur his fainting faculties with conjecture, came another vision, a' horseman racing his steed away to wards the mountains — not a vestige of the haloing hair ! He had but time to drive the spurs into the smoking flanks with tho determination to over take the mystery, when he was arrested by a cry. In another moment the glorious hair streamed upon his sight again, and in another Otie was in his arms ! The necessary experience was gained in a sharp sehool. There was no sign of that awkwardness supposed to be inseparable from a formal declaration of love here, where each strained tho other in nervous arms, and mingled tears and protostations of endearment. Life is worth living for tho few moments now presented to these two pure, overflowing hearts, but it is only to two in many millions that the Fates provide such a boon. It cannot bo devised and it cannot bo bought. . Tom was brought back to the things of -this world by the unoomfortablo discovery that his horso was not there. When tho rider jumped off like it wild man without thought oE his steed, the latter, not being particularly interested in tho interview that ensuod — three are proverbially no compauy — betook him self to scenes more inviting in the way of herbage. Otio protested she would think nothing of walking home. Sho 