Theatrical Topics. By the overland mall last Sunday Mr. J. P. I Burnett arrived in Brisbane to represent Messrs. 1 J. C. "Williamson and A Garner during the season of Mr. J. L. Toole at the Opera House, whioh begins next Monday. A dramatised version of the well known American novel, " Mr. Potter of Texas/' was placed on the boards for the first time in Bris bane at Her Majesty's Opera House, before a small audience, on Saturday night. Prom beginning to end tbe play ran very smoothly. The scenery was good. The tableau of the surprise of the Egyptian rebe'a in the first act by the Jack tars, represented in this case by parts of the Naval Defence Foroe, was excel-1 leutly done and met with groat applanae. To a good first night houee, Messrs. Howe and Little's* dramatic combination opened for a season at the Theatre Royal in Frank Harvey's drama. " TboLsndof the Living," on July o. Thepiece is one which sustains the interest of the audience throughout, and in the hands of a good all ronnd company, such as now occupies the stage at the Theatre Royal, should satisfy the cravings for sensational episode and vic torious virtue, whioh is so prominent in the majority of local theatregoers. The staging and scenery were very good indeed, some of the so&nio; effects, especially the explosion in the shed, arousing hearty applause from the audience. The company will open in Mary borough on Monday or Tuesday next. The London Bellringer and Speciality Com bination are, judging from the local papers, doing well at Charters Towers. At the Melbourne Distriot Court on tbe 9th instant, Messrs. Williamson and Garner, theatrical managers, were fined £1, and £5 -5s. costs, for employing a child under 10 years of age, daring the reoent performance of the " Silver King," at the Theatre Royal. The ohild in question was Charles William Synott, A telegram from Sydney, dated July 7, states: Saturday evening saw the final production of' Artful Oarfs" and tho " Steeplechase" at the Theatre Royal, when there was another large audience. Mr. Toole as Robert Spicer Rnmford, and also as Tittonis, maintained bis world-wide reputation. At a special matinro performance given on Saturday afternoon by the Toole Company, " Dot," a three-»ct drama adapted from tho "Cricket on the Hearth" of Charles Dickens by Dion Boucicault, wag the plect de resistance, followed by tho "Trial Scene" from "Pickwiok." There was a largo audience, and both pieces were well received. "After Dark" still continues to attract at Her Majesty's Theatre, although it has been running for four weoks. At the Criterion Theatre the Brongh and Bouoicault Com pany continue to play "School" to crowded I houses. It will bo withdrawn next Friday to make room for Miss Janet Acburch's Doll's | House Company. "Little Lord Fauntleroy" has been drawing crowded houses at the Gaiety Monday will be the close of the season. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphed on the7th instant: An immenseandieuoefilled evvry part of the Princess Theatre on Saturday, to witness the initial performan'-es of " Romt'0 and Juliet," with Mr. Kyrle Bellew and Mrs. Brown-Potter in tho title roles. The prologue was spoken by Mr. Arthur Garner. The piece met with an enthusiastic reception. Mr. BoIIow'b " Romeo" is far before any other yet seen on the Australian stage, while Mrs. Potter, as Juliet," surprised oven her in est ardent admirers, her balcony scene being per fect Tho "potion" scene was a triumph of dramatio power. Tho Alexandra Theatre was i crowded to exocss when Mr. Bland Holt com menced what promises to be a most prosperous eeajon io the dramaoutitled " Master and Man," which was aocorded tho uudivided attention of an immense audience and Mrs. Holt was warmly welcomed. Mr. Wra. Rignold com- I mencoi bis engagement at tho Opera House on | Saturday. Tho house was orowded in every 1 part. The piece, "Nowadays," had a great, reception, and Mr. Rignold scored a groat sue- j cess. I Miss Genevieve Ward contemplates another | theatrical tour in Australia. j Mr. Leslie and Miss Farreu and the Gaiety Company begin their second American season . in November, play west to 'Frisco, and reach j Sydnoy at the end cf our summer. I Amy Sorton, tho well known burlesque i actress of Australia, has arrived in London. As to her plans for the future, she has told au interviewer that she hopes very shortly to appear in a burlesque which Mr. Fergus Hume has written for bor. " 1 may say," she Hddod, " that this is tho spooial roasou ♦hat brought mo homo ; but I am not at liberty to say any thing further About it. I then must have a Uttle time to look about me beforo I think of commencing work." Mr. Frr d Leslie his hsen ro-engagod for two I years by tho management of tho Gaiety. Mr. Justin H. M'Cartby'B little comedietta 11 The Will and the Way" has proved success* fal at an Avoaue Theatre matinee. Mr. Gilbert Hare, a sod of Mr. John Hare, has made his debut upon the fctage at tho new Richmond Theatre, and is well spoken of. The Daly American Comedy Company began their 10 weeks* season at the Lyceum Theatre with 11 Casting tho BoomeraDg,,, on June 10. "New Lamps for Old" reached its 100th performance at Terry's, London, lately* when Mr. Alfred Bishop played the part of Poatle thwaite. Mr. Buchanan is contemplating the repro duction of his Greek mythological play, "The Bride of Love," in the evening programme of one of the theatres. Mr. Lionel Brougb, at a public dinner at Johannesburg, confessed that ho had lost all the 3ivings of years past in speculation, and would leave South Africa never to return £JMr. J• C. Williamson, of the firm of William - son and Garner, is once more in London arranging for the production of some of the chief successes of the London season in Ans tralia. Edward Terry, the well known comedian, j has returned to England after a prolonged absence in India. He was cordially welcomed by his fellow-members at a recent meeting of the Richmond Board of Guardians. Ibsen's " Ghosts" is to be played in a French translation in Paris, under the title of 44 Lea RevenantV and it is at the Theatre Libra that it is to be given An attempt to get public support for a performance of an English version in London some time ago was a failure. Mr. Frank Gilbert Burn and is now on his way home from Australia with a present from : Mr. Toole to his friend, Henry Irving. The : present takes the form of a kangaroo, and the j popular actor manager of the Lyceum is | wondering what he will do with the ruminatiog marsupial when it arrives. Mr and Mrs. Kendal sailed for Europo in the Etruria, leaving New York on May 24. A New York correspondent informs us that the total receipts of their American tou-, which has lasted cl weeks, exceed £60,000. They will, it is said, return to America in the autumn, beginning a second tour on October 31. The date of the first appearance of Madame Sara Bernhardt at Her Majesty's Theatre was to be June 16. The season of French playswas to open with Daudet's new play, 41 La Lutte pour la Vie," and the apropos skit entitled 44 Paris Fin de Steele," which has obtained such popularity as to have added a slang \ hrase to the French language. In Madrid when an actor has a benefit bis admirers send to the theatre little gifts, such as canes, slippers, game, and such trifles, and the employees hand the*e gifts round amoDg the audienoe for inspection. In some Australian theatres, if "such trifles" were 44handed round," the actor might never see them again. 44No legacy is so rioh as honesty!" The HollowayB are settled down in the artists' quarters, at Bedford Park, Chiswick, near London. They have purchased a pretty house, with large garden, and are engaged I educating their children. Mr. W. J. Holloway is nearly restored to his usual good health. He wss elected a member of the exclusive 44 Green , Room Club" recently. Miss Essie Jer.yna | (Mrs. John Wood) was, with her husband and | daughter (Esther Lyal), at latest in Devonshire, J where they had been wandering about since j February, photographing all the inter? sting | places, and in this way filling up spare time. | They were to return to London in Jane, by ; which time their yacht (s.s. Imogen) is to be | ready for a start to Norway. Later in the ; year they return to Australia in her. The first performance of the Passion Play at Ober-Ammergau was given on May 26. Ac cording to a correspondent the theatre was crowded, and so many visitors were disappointed of seats that the performance had to be repeated the following day. Tne events of the day com menced with mass in the church at 3 o'clock in the morning. Some of the tableaux of Scrip ture tceues were greatly admired, but the Christns of Joseph Mayer did not equal expec tations, and the extraneous matter intro duced into the Gospel narrative did not always commend itself to its hearers. The parts of 41 Judas" and 44 Pilate" arc spoken of a® being admirably given. Amongst the most notable ecenes were 14 Adam and Eve driven from the Garden 41 Christ at the hou*e of Simon," in which Mary Magdalene appears with her alabaster box and annoints tho Lord's feet; and 44 The Last Supper," in which the celebrated picture by Leonardo da Vinoi is closely followed. The representation lasted from *S a.m. till 6 in the afternoon. Under date May 24 last, Mr. Charles Arnold writes that the first American tour of 44 Hans the Boatman," which began at Chicago in September, 18S9, closed at Philadelphia on May 10 last. Mr. Arnold writes: 44 Besides doing the States tbcroughly, wo have been to Viotoria, British Columbia, and were snowed up for three weeks in Oregon—a break in the routine of travel whioh was highly enjoyed by my St. Bernard dog Lion (Nord). Fifteen feet of sncw suited bim better than the hot pavements of Syduey. Ho seemed to havo all tho instincts of his race, aud novor tired of burrowing in the drifts, as if in search of more snowed-up actors. We all enjoyed good hoilth and esoaped la grippe. I shall fpend tho sumraor in Canada fishing, and shall b«gin work again next September. I met Mr. Williamson in Chicago lately. He was busy negotiating the latest Amerioan dramatic novelties. I am having a no.v play written for me by two successful authors here against my return to Australia. One of the scores will represent hu old disused mine iu Qn eu-land. The hem will bo a remantir Swiss who makes his furtuuo in Australia. Ho will be a regular Romeo in a Swiss dialoo:! I shall also pur chase any plays I see likely to snit the antipodean market." Australian playgoers will always be glad to see Mr. Arnold here with new plays. 