THE NEW MORMiONISM. (ooos TnnIME.) The Hormons have come out with a new profession of faith, theresult of a conference sf elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration says:- "We believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost; that men will be punished for their own sins, not for those of Adam, that mankind may be saved through Christ, and obedience to the laws and ordinances which appertain to the faith in Christ and through repent ance: in baptism by immersion, and lay ing on of bands. We believe in the same organisation as that of the Primitive Church -namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We believe in the gft of tongues, in prophecy, revelations. visions, and healing. We beievco the Bible to be the Word of God, so far s it is trans lated correctly, and also that the Book of Mormon is the Word of God. We believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regarding the Kingdom of God. tWe believne i thoe tral gatheringof Israel, in the restoration of the Ten Tribes, and that Zion will be built on this continent. Wo claim the privilege to worship God accecrding to the dictates of our own con science, and allow others to do the same. We believe thatwe must obey our rulers so long as they are honest, true, chaste, beneor lent, and virtuous." Article 12 of the declaration abandons the system of polygamy. The political effect of this departure will be very great in Idaho. There are 11,100 !ormoena h thin territory . who will now be able to vsotesi~ler this noe .;, declaration. At a Mormon Conference held at Salt Lake City on 0th October 10,000 persons attended. President Wooduff's official manifesto forbidding plural marriages was approved and adopted by a unanimons vote of the apostles, bishops, and elders. This is the most important step taken by the Mormon Church in a quarter of a century. George Q. Cannon, one of the oldest leaders of the church, addressed the conference, say ing that the manifesto was the act of God. President Woodruff having had a special communication from the Almighty. The speakcr said that he was sorry that the step was necessary, because he believed God had ordained polrryamy. -The martyrs of the church had slffered mnoch, 800 of them having been contined in the penitentiary for the al leged silence of polygamy; but it was useless for the church to fight 60.000.000 people any longer. Go3 \would hold the nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right to worship ac cording to the dictates of their consciences. The sufferiogs of the Mormons were recorded in HIeaven, and would one day appear upon the noblest page of modern history, but the speaker bowed in submission to Gol's will. The conference confirmed the original Articles of Faith, including the one boginning "'Ve believe, being subject to kinos, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." The action taken by the conference effectu ally ends the Mormon trouble in Utah, and bars solygamy in the fu ure. The ot?cial manifesto of President Wood ntff, forbidding plural marriages in the Mormon Churchl, is as follows:-"' To whom it rmasy concern:--I'ress despatches having been sent for political purposes from Salt Lake City, which have been widely pub lished, to the effect that the Utah Commis sion, in a recent report to the Secretary of the Interior, allege that plural marriages are stillsolemnized; that forty or more nmarriages have been contracted in Utah since last June or during the pant year; also that iu public discourses the leaders of the chuereh have taeught, encouraged, and urged the continuance of the practice of polygamy, I, therefore, as president of the Church of JTesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, do hereby in thie most solemn manner declare these charges false. " Te are not teaching polygamny or plural marriages, nor are we permitting any person to enter upon its practice. Ideny that either forty, or any numrber, of nlnlural marringea during thatperiod have been srolomnized in our temples, or in any other lrlacin the territory. One case ha.s been reported in which parties have alleged that a marriages was per formed at the Endowmenst House in Salt Lake City in the spring of 1889, but I have not been able to learn who performed the cere monry. Whatever was done was done with out ory knowledge. In consequence of this alleged occurrence the Endowment I-louse was by my instructions taken down without delay, inaosmuch as laws had been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, moreover, had been pronouned consti tutianel by the court. "ALs a last resort. I hereby declare nmy in tention to submit to thire laws. abhd to use my influence withr members of the chureh over which I preside to have them do like wise. There is nothing in my teachings in thie church, or in those of my associates, during the time specified, which can be reasonably construed to incelcate or to en cousmro.polymamy. Wher any elder of the rcrclh h':s used Ianoguageo which appeared to convey suchr techlings, he has been promptly reproved. I now uubiiclv declare my ad vie totheLatter Day Seints, whioh is to refrainfrom contracctigr anry marriage for bidden by thie law of thIe land. " (Signted) WTrw.oeD WOODSUnFr. Presi dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saint.." This document having been adopted by the conference, the l'resident offered the follow ing resolution: "That rconising Wilfred W"wdinff. President of the Cihurch of Jesdns Chr'rast of Latter Day Saints. as the onr.ly sn on earth artthe present time who holds the keys for sealing ordinaries, we cousider himn fully authorised by virtue of hiis position to issueo the manifesto which has been rcal in our Irhcriner., andl which is dated 2eth Sep temnber. 1890: further, that, as the Church General Coaferenc:e assemrbled, we accept hiis declaration concerniner plural marriages as rauthoritative and binding." This resolution was unanimously adopted by the vast assrmilrgo. After 3lr. Georo Cannon had spoken, President Wrodreff stated that trhie decision embodiedl in thie manifesto had been reached only after a long sessicon of prayer. The fla had gone forth, and the will of God nust be obeyved. The rquestion of wha~t shall be done in tIs.e rcae of membcrais who are already sealed re maincis to bie debated at a mectiug of thir.. terornon pricstheood. . 