Trt THE EDITOE OP THE ADSioowaoJAff. St,—" My darling;, what ere van doing J " Why, reading 'The Australasian,'" said he. " I hope Ira the sennonquoth she. " No, tfs the saturation question," answered be; but ebe drew up bar skirts, and the fire from her eyes animated my on bones,-so here I am againtomaiotain my oause. Mr. Lowe makes some oommenta on Clacklook. 1 have never mentioned him, and do not oare to dis miss his merits. Be next says ( Would not have made my name in England, owing to too mnch com petition. That is rubbish; and my answer to it is —had not Sterling, IsonomV, and Barcaldine a real good ahow} Mr. Lowe says at the time I was at Maribyrnoug you oould count all our first-class and fashionably-bred mares ou your fingers, it is a good thing he said fashionably-bred, for it aeema to mo a moot point U anything is fashionably bred unless it suits bis purpose, but I know mysetf of a soore or mors real good mares in this colony alone whose desoendsnts are holding their own now.' Mr. Low* rejoices greatly when he fancies he oatchea anyone tripping, end glasses over his own mistakes by saying *key go farther to prove his theory. He says, "What manner of horses would Sir Hod red, Danetaln, The Bub, first King, Obeeter, Abercorn, Carlyon, Crsnbrook, or Carbine have been if blessed with a strain of Fisherman or his progeni tors J" how, Sir, here is a man laying down the law about breeding, and he does not know that Abercorn, who has won more money than any other horse on the Australian turf, has a strain of Fisherman in him. Farther, to prove his theory that Robinson Crutoe suited Flying Dutchman mares, he must needs quote Quadrant, whom he says was "a real good performer in Hew Zealand." My way of reading Ids pedigree is as followsQuadrant by Robinson Crusoe (eon of Angler by Fisherman), from Radiance by Fireworks (descendant of Mr. Lowe's despised Sheet Anohor), from a mare by Maribyraong (eon of fisherman). This is a most unfortunate bone to eclect, for he Bbows a combination of the very blood that Mr. Lowe despises. . With regard to his ecstacies of how Goooapnt was saturated with Flying Dutchman, Owing to her throw ing three foals to King of Scoto,it just Miowa how Sara faddist will go to prove hie-theory, for by. his own letter of the 6th January he ascrfbes the goodness of Havigator and Trident to the tact of the mare being impregnated' by Angler and bis sou Pi scalor the years previous to conceiving those celebrated cracks. "But scything will do for Mr. Lowe—he is never wrong. Solitude was a good mare over five -furlongs, but that-She was as good a mare as Madcap I will not admit. If Navigator and Tridvnt owed anything to Flying Dutchman blood tbey did not ahow it the eame way as Solitude, for tbey were real good stayers, whereas she was s rank non-stayer. It would no doubt later set Mr. Lowe to tanut the "■Stud Cook "to wee how many mares outside the ones Imported with me visited me during my fourand a half Bestows and threw racehorses. 1 am not going to take the trouble to do so, but, from memory, Ions reoafi the deeds of Smuggler, Oowra, Gasworks, and The Dane, while my daughters have thrown Pride of the HlUa, Sybil, Wandering Jew, King of the Gipsies, Hertea, Salisbury, too. . I have never attacked any of my contemporaries at the stud, and I loved Pacta, qfce Premier, and Sir Hercules, and only wWh I had lived Mleog ae they to help to add io the lustra riw'bK-&sbm; baa town siueemy day. and it only ibOwaattar Ignor ance if Mr. Lows does not know John HeWsatud, io Tamo a aia, contains as good htoedgs any in the world. I commenced writing to j-on fceeausrwirtatn people, whosfraaMbe my- feteSe.malignedma. fhsvanad my say, and trill not trouble yon again, bat I do hope ■!««■ irlll nnt fin I«|I nm In am " Hi.n.I.I - l» breeders will not be isd swar by soy "theorist," far practical experience is worth a whole paddockfulof them. -I am, 40-, flSHERHAK'fi GHOST. Feb. 17. 