THE HUNT AT MEADOW BROOK FARM. By Emma W. Demeiiitt. Author of The Spire of St. Stephen's. "Hasn't Sam come with tho moil yet?" Mrs. Gibbs shut the kitchen door and looked op at the clock. "No, father, and he's more than two hours late. What do you suppose it is that keens him ?" "Well, I would not worry over it if I were yem," noticing his wife's troubled tone. "The train may have been delayed, or ho may hare stopped to talk by the way, or — any oue of a dozen things may have happened." But Sam isn't that kiuil of boy. He never stops to talk when he is sent on an errand, and yon know that he's as regular as clockwork with tho mail." "That may bo, but clockwork isn't always to be depended on. Very often there's a hitch somewhere with the wheels. Sam has been de tained, that's alL Ho'li be here before long." "I hope so, lam sure. Tho rest of us have bad our supper, but we might as well have waited, for Minna isn't back yet." The farmer juro>ed up from his chair in alarm. " You don't mean to say, mother, that Minna isn't back yet ! I supposed she was safe in the house this half hour." Mrs. Gibbs could not help smiling as slio an swered quietly, " Well, I wouldn't worry over it if I were you. Any one of a dozen things may have happened." "True enough. The horse may have shied and thrown her, or the saddle may have turned, for she rode tho grey colt to-uight. This is a different alfair altogether. Minna is a girl, while Sam is a boy, and can look out for himself better. Besides, she was put in my care, and I shouldn't feel very comfortable if anything happened to her." Minna was the farmer's ncice. She had been sent to Meadow Brook to get the benefit of the bracing mountain air, aud her two brothers, George and Hally, who bad como to take her back to tho city, wero stopping at tho farm for ft few days of nutting and hunting. After a short pause, Mrs. Gibbs asked anxiously : " But why did you let Minna rido the colt ?" "It was all wrong, I know, but it was tbe l&Bt; of her stay here, and she begged so hard that I couldn't bear to refuse her. And thon, ohe's a good rider, you know, and I bad driven tbe colt long enough to be pretty «uro that he hadn't any bad tricks. Hadn't you better light tho fire, mother! It's cold here," and he glanced at tbo wide fire place, with its huge back log and and irons piled with hickory. "I thought I would wait until Sam and Minna came. They will bo chilled through aud through, and it will be comfortable eating hero by the blazing fire." Farmer Gibbs walked up to the window and stood looking out " How dark it grows 1" ho said, "and isn't it strange that Minna doesn't t tome ?" "Iau't it Btrange that Sam doesn't come?" The farmer whedted suddenly and faced his wife. "It is strange, mother ; there's no deny ing it." He picked up his hat and went into the entry, followed by Mrs. Gibbs. As he opened the out side door a chilly blast swept through tho ftarrow passage way. Mrs Gibbs started nervously. " How the wind howls ! It sounds diBmal enough." The farmer stepped out on tho stone door step and listened intently for a few moments. As he turned to go in he heard a shout, "Mr. Gibbs ! Mr. Gibbs 1" and Jacob, the hired man, came running around the oorner of the houso. "I wish you'd comedown to the bam nnd look &t; 'Watch.' I don't know what ails tho dog ! A moment ago ho came sncakiu' through the pasture lot with his tail between his legs and lookin' as wild as a hawk. Ho made a dash for ft pile of hay and crept in, and if I try to drag him out ho keeps orouchin' down and sbivcrin' ft&dwhimnV; "Yon don't suppose he's mad, do you?" "That'ajuit what I was thinking. You had better bring along your gun in case ho should try to bite." Tho former went back to tbo dining room ftnd took out bis gun from behind the toll clock, and loaded it, and foll» wed Jacob to the barn. In a few minutes ho re turned. All rights reserved. - "There is oertainly something wrong with the dog," he said in answer to his wife's eager inquiry. "Jacob drovo him into tho dog house, and wo n&iled; up the door, so there's no danger of his hurting anyone. But what worries me most is that Sam took the dog with him when he went for the mail." " You don't mean to tell me, father, that Watch has como back without Sam ! Then something dreadful has happened." Mrs. Gibbs dropped into a chair, the picture of dos- pair. " I ought not to have told you, because you U fret so over it Hark! What was that? There! I told you so. Here is the boy, now, to answer for hiinsolf." Steps were heard outside, tho door was thrown open, and a boyish voice called out, "Did you think I was lost?" "What kept you so long, Sam?' asked his mother. "Why, you sec there has been an accident, fa :t this side of tbe station. A train was stand- JH; on the side track, and there was a mistako about turning tho switch, and tho regular train came thundering along and ran smash into the extra. Things were pretty well mixed up, but no one was hurt. I had to wait for thiB," and he tossed a package of letters on the table. " Haveyou had supper yet?" "All of us, but you and Minna." "Isn't Minna back?" exclaimed Sam, in astonishment. " Why, she weut away before I did." " Then you haven't seen her?" "Not I" — Sam lowered his voice to_ a mysterious whisper — " but I saw something else." "What was it?" Sam was putting the lantom in its place on the top of the kitchen cupboard. " I suppose you'll laugh well when I tell you." Mrs. Gibbs was so busy poking tbo fire that she did not hear the boy's remark. " You've no idea what an exciting time wo'vo had here. It seemed as if the top of my head was coming off, with your not coming and Minna staying so late aud Watch running mnd." " Has Watch come home ?" "Some time ago," replied the former. " Did you notice anything queer about him? I am inclined to think that he is going to run mad." Sam laughed heartily. " There's no danger of that. Tho dog is badly scared, that's alL I'll tell you about it." He drew a chair near the stove and pointed toward the sittingroom. " Don't say a word to them in there until I am sure. It's just pos sible that I may be mistaken, you know. When I got to tbo post office and found that it would take some time to straighten out the mail I went up to the tin shop to see if the big lantern was mended. I took it and filled it with oil and put three or four matches inside, thinking it might bo dark before I got home. Then I waited for the letters and came homo through East Woods to save time. When I reached the 'Hollow' I stopped once or twice, thinking I heard & sort of rustling in the underbrush. But when I listened all was still, so I concluded that it was just my fancy. Very soon I came to the bridge; you know its pretty dark and loueiy there, and I thought I'd light tho lantern. I took out a match, and just then I heard a crackling in the bushes, and thon came a low, s&vago; growl. Watch, who was a few feet behind me, heard it too and bristled up and started for the thicket, but the next moment he backed out and dashed up the road like mad. " "I struck a match, turned up the wick and held up the lautern so that I could sec all around me, and I'm positive that I saw some dark thing like a shadow bound off, and I heard another growl in tho distance." " I guess it was tho dog," remarked the farmer with a twinkle in his. eyes. "No, father, it was a different kind of growl. I made up my mind that I had better bo moving and I walked on as fast ns I could, swinging the lantern and singing with all my might to keep up my courage. I was glad enough when I came in sight of tho house here. Now you needn't laugh so, I am sure I saw something.". "The fact is, Sam, you've been reading so many of those hunting stories lately that they have made you nervous." "Listen ! listen !" cried Mrs. Gibbs. "What is that ? It sounds like a runaway horse ! Can it be Minna 1" S?ho had stepped outside to fasten a blind which the wind was slamming back and forth. Sam and his father d&rted; out on the steps and stood listening. The echo of hoofs rang out madly on the night air as the horse came on at a breakneck pace. There was a plunge to the right, a wild rush around the corner of the house, aud dowu the lane leading to tho barn. In the gathering gloom no one of the three could make out whether the horse was riderless or not, " She' thrown 1" said Sam huskily. "The best rider in the world couldn't keep bis scat with such a short turn as that. Come," and ho grasped his father by tho arm. As they approached the barn they were able to distinguish the dim outlines of a horse stand ing quietly by tho door. " Minna ! oh, Minna," cried the old man in short, broken gasps, stretching out his arms. The next moment a girlish voice auswercd with a little tremor, " Wasn't that pretty well done for a girl?" and they saw that Minna had sprang to the ground and was standing by the colt holding the rcinH. Suddenly shu darted to the farmer's side and clutched his arm. "oh 1" she shrieked; what teas that ?" " It's only Sam. He's gone after the lantern and to tell mother that you are safe." The young girl kept turning her head aud peering uneasily over her shoulder into tho darkness. "I suppose you will think it is silly," she said, with a nervous little laugh, "but I can't get over the feeling that it is fol lowing mc around all the while." " What in the world do you mean?" "Come in the barn!" She dragged tho farmer hurriedly over the threshold . "I can't otay out there another moment," aud she shud dered. "I feel as if it was there—in the dark ready to spring at me. Here's Sam— now shut tho door, please — quick ! and I'll sit down on this pile of hay and tell you about it." The farmer fastened the door and Sam, after placing tho lantern on a barrel, began to take the saddle from the hoi se. "I was very much to blamo for letting you ride tho horse," remarked Mr. Gibbs solemnly. "If anything had happened to you I should never havo forgiven myself," " It wasn't tbo colt's fault at nil," returned Minna earnestly. " He is as gentle as a kitten. He saw baby carriages aud bicycles and all sorts of things and never shied once. But ahy liorso would have been frightened by what ho saw. " "I went to call on the minister's daughter, and finding out that there had been on accident to tho train, I stayed longer than usual, knowing that Sam would bo Jute with the mail. I didn't rcaliso how the time passed until I happened to glanco. at tho clock. I came home by way of East Woods, so as not to keep you waiting. Although I hurried, it was quite dark by tho time I got to tho bridge. All at once Prince pricked up his ears aud threw up his head and. snorted. . I struck him with the whip, but ho had only gone a few steps when he stopped bo short that it nearly pitohed mc over his head. Just then — right at my hand — only a few feet baok from tho road, in a clump of buBhcs, wero two round, shiny spots like balls of fire ; ond I heard, oh ! such a growl." " I gave a loud scream, and I guess the screech and tho howl together wcro too much for tho colt's nerves, for he started on a furious run — faster and faster, and never stopped until ho camo to the barn." "There, father! Now, you'll believe mcl" cried Sam triumphantly. I saw the same thing, Minna, in almost the same place. What do you think about it now, father ?" "I think it was imagination with both of you." "It couldn't have boon imagination with tho dog," answered Sam, indignantly. " Nor with the colt," added Minna. " I don't doubt but that you saw something— a goat or a Btray cow, perhaps— and your imagination made a growl out of a 'moo' or a ' baa ' Now, go in the house, Minna, and get ready for supper. Sam and I will come as soon as wo rub down tho horse. Jacob has gone home for tho night." "Won't you come with mo?" pleaded Minna. " I dare not go alone." She kept close to the farmer's side, nor did she feel safe until tho kitchen door closed be hind her. In a few moments she and Sam, were eating supper by the blazing fire, while George and Hally joked them mercilessly over their adventure. " It was some meek, venerable cow, you may depend on it," said George. "It was lucky, Minna, that you didn't stay any longer or you might havo seen a whole menagerie. Good night. Harry and I are tired out with our tramp in tho woods. If you hear any more from this terriblo beast you can let us know. We'll keep our rifles loaded." As Mr. and Mrs. Gibbs and Minna sat talking by tho fire the door was flung open, and in dashed " Old Davy," a colored man who lived with the Widow Botts, whoso house was only separated from that of tho Gibbs by a narrow strip of orchard. The old man dropped, panting, into a vacant chair. " What's the matter, Davy? You look as if you had seen a ghost," said tho farmer. "Ghostes? Old Davy 'd 'ruther seen 20 ghostes all at once. Dunno what I ebber done to hab do debbilarter me like dat." " Come, come. What is this all about ?" " You see, Mnssa Gibbs, I went down to do village on an errand, an' I foun' all do folks talkin' 'bout an accident to de train. So I kiuder hung aroun' to learn all de pertiklers. Dey tole me Massa Sam hab prung do mail, 'an I stopped here to see if dcre was any letters fur our house. As I pass de barn and come to de wood pile, all of a sudden, I hears a tur- rible growl." " That growl again," exclaimed Mr. Gibbs, impatiently. "What is the matter with all your cars?" " De clouds cl'ar 'way just den, an' de moon shine out, and dere, right 'foro my eyes, was do mos' awfullest ting I eber see. Makes me creep all ober, an' feel sort o chilly like do berry thought ob it." "What was it, Davy?" asked Mrs. Gibbs. " I dunno, Missis Gibbs, but it was de debbil— big eyes, a blazin' fire, long tail and claws. Isn't wc tole in de Bible dat de debbil go 'bout like do roarin'lion? Butl'sc glad he didn't gltachancc to chaw up Old Davy dis time." "Davy Jenkins," said the farmer, sternly, " have you been at the cider barrel ?" Just then a childish voice called from the upper hall, "Fathor, father! I heard a queer noise uuder my window." "It was the wind, Jack." "Sure, father?" "Yes, dear; go to bed." " Father !" called a second voice, "Jack did hear a voice. I heard it, too ; a kind of growl ing." " Nonsense, Kitty 1 It was a dog." "No, father," and tho little girl spoke earnestly, " it was too big a growl for a dog." " Go to bed at once, dear, or you'll take cold. If you hear it again you can call mc." " Ki yi 1" chuckled old Davy, wrathfully. "Perhaps little Jack he bin at do cider barrel — an' Miss Kitty, she bin at do cider barrel, too. " "Pshaw I" sniffed Mrs. Gibbs, contemp- tously. " Some old sheep or cow has strayed into the yard. Come, father, come Davy !" and she put on a shawl and lighted tho lautcru. " We'll go nnd see this terror." The negro's teeth chattered, and his knees knocked together as he squeezed himself in between Mr. and Mrs. Gibbs, thinking he would be safer thus sandwiched. It was dark when they opened tho door, tor clouds wcro scudding over the moon. Not & sound was to be heard save the rushing of the brook in the meadow near by. Between the house and the barn was a long row of outbuildings. First a wood house, then the "corn house," a two-story building for storing grain and keeping tools, then tbo carriage house, waggon shed and hennery. As they approached the wood pile something, which was partly a roar and partly a growl, sounded in their cars, while two round spots glowed in tho darkness like live embers. The negro's eyes rolled wildly; "O, good Massa Debbil," he stammered, huskily, "I— I— I — at Bhore you don' want a poor old nigger like mo. Here's Massa and Misses Gibbs, rich, grand, learned folks — take dcm." The farmer seized his wife by the arm and tho negro by the collar and managed to stumblo with them into the corn house and look the door. "It's a wild beast of some sort," he whispered. " Oh ! ho !" mumbled Davy. "Missis Gibbs tink it was a stray sheep. Dis nigger nebber hear a sheep holler like dat." " We shall havo to stay here all night," said the former. " It won't do to risk our lives out side. Lot's como upstairs and see if wo can't contrive to warn the Widow Botts." In the meantime Minna waited by tbo fire. Growing uneasy at the loug delay, she went up stairs nnd aroused her brothers. Before they had finished dressing a loud blast from a tin horn came from the coru house. George opened the window and shouted, " Halloo there 1" "Halloo!" answered tho farmer. "Dont stir out of the house, one of you. There's a wild beast of some sort loose. We shall have to wait for daylight. Load your rifles aud hnvo them ready. Can't you warn the Widow Befcts?" By this time the children were awake, and Kitty rang the boll vigorously, while the horn continued the alarm from the corn house. " Goodness gracious !" piped the Widow Betts, throwing open the window. " What — is the — matter?" "Be sure And stay in tho house; there's a wild beast of some kind prowling around 1" shouted <jrcorge. "Mercy!" shrieked the widow, and down went the window with a bang. Minna and the children wout back to bed, but George and Harry lingered a while to talk over their plans for tho morning. "I shall be satis fied if it's a bear," said George. " How 1 should like to take home something besides a few Little squirrel skins." The party in iho corn house passed an uncom fortable night. - The farmer oontrived to get a few short naps, but his wife sat bolt upright on a bard bench with her skirts tucked closely around her feet iu continual dread of tho rats and inico scampering over the floor. As soon as tbo first streak of yellow appeared in the eastern sky tho farmer made his plans for tho attack. He took a pitchfork, and thrust a scythe into Davy's trembliug hands, while Mrs. Gibbs seized a vicious-looking pruning hook, and thus armed thoy sallied forth. At the same time tho door of the house opened and George and Harry came out, rifle in hand. Nothing was to be seen at first, but Harry's quick eyes soon discovered some fresh marks in tho soft earth near the wood pile. As they bent over them they heard the sound of voices, and, looking up, saw a number of men coming over the hill. " Halloo there !" shouted the leader, "Have you seen anything of a tiger around here?" "A tiger!" ejaculated tho farmer, with a violent start, "Goodness gracious! Bakes alive !" "We've lost oue," continued the stranger. "The train with our circus aboard was run into near tbe station, and the tiger's cage was broken and he got away. Wo've traced him up this way." "He's most likely to be in the grove yonder," said tbe farmer. " Don't kill him unless you can sees that be can't be taken alive. He's a very valuable animal— a regular beauty." " Davy rolled up his eyos. " Queer idecs some folks has of beauty," he murmured, "I tink his eyes was de mos1 dreffulesfc tings dis nigger over see.'" The old man was despatched to the house to warn the children, and then the little party cautiously began its search. The footprints were very distinct on tho frosty grass, ond led to the little grove. There was a small pateh of wood land with a swamp in the centre, making a thick tangle of bushes ond grape vinos. The tracks all led into the swamp ; there were none coming out. The dogs barked and the men shouted, but tbe tiger did not condescend to notice the racket. Then one of the dogs was urged into the thicket, but ho backed out in abject fear. "It's of no uso trying to start him in that way,' said the circus manager. "Ixst's fire a volley there isn't muoh danger of our hitting nim and the noise may start him up." Several of the rifles were discharged, and almost simultaneously came a savage roar that filled the hunters with consternation. Another terrific roar, and, they scampered behind a little icehouse which stood near by. Tho bushes parted and the tiger came limping slowly out of the thicket. As he reached the edge of tho grove ho stood tor a moment holding up a bloody paw, while his eyes blazed ominously and his tail lashed his striped flanks. His paw is broken," whispered tho circus manager. "There is no possibility of taking him alive. Fire !— any of you— but take good aim. The brute isn't to be trifled with, and a miss may cost us our lives." "Can you let me steady my rifle on your shoulder? said George to Harry. "I am too excited to try it without a rest. I may kill him —who knows ? The report of his rifle rang out sharply, aud a moment afterward tho tiger leaped into tho air aud fell back, shot through the heart. "The young gentleman has killed him," ex claimed the manager. " Capital shot that, sir. Never saw a bettor." After a littlo bargaining George succeeded in buying the tiger. "I shall give the skin to my mother for a Christmas present. It will make a superb rug, and it is what she has wanted for a long time, only she couldn't afford it. " "Wonders never cease," said tho farmer, leaning on the handle of his pitchfork and gazing down at the dead tigpr. "Who would ever havo thought that I should livo to see a real, aimon pure tiger hunt on Meadow Brook Farm?" 