THE Courting of Dinah Sliadd 13 y RUDVARD KIPLING. All day I had followed at the heels of a pursuing army engaged on one of (lie \- . ' or camp of exercise usand troops had by government of India vcr a few thousand mry to practise m hi never attempt in cavalry charged un- tlie trot. Infantry frontal Attacks de- moieu in line ol quarter columns, and mounted infantry skirmished up to the wheels of an armoured train which carried nothing more deadly than a twenty-live jx.iundcr Armstrong, two Nordenfoldts and a few score volunteers all cased in three-cighths-iiich boiler-plate. Vet it was a very life-like camp. Operations did not cease at sundown ; nobody knew the country and nobody was to s|»are man or horse. There was unending cavalry scouting, and almost unending forced work over broken ground. The Army of the South had linally pierced the centre of the Army of the 2Snrtli, and was pour ing through the gap hot-foot to capture a city of strategic importance. Its front extended fanwise. the slicks being repie- sented by regiments strung out along the line of route backwards to the divisional transport columns and all the lumber that tr.nb behind an army on the move. <>n il- r lit, the broken loft of the Army of ih«- Aorth was til ing in mass, chased by the Southern In use and hammered by the Siiuthem guns till these had been pushed far bey-iml the limits of tlieir last sup- jHirt. Then the flying column sat down to rest, while the elated Commandant of lho pursnim.' force telegraphed t lint he I held it in chuck ami observation. I L'nluckilv lie did m-t ohw.-rve that three ! miles to his riulit tlank n flying column of j Northern h"i>e. witli a detachment of < ih.ioi-klias and JJrit ish troops, liad been j pu-hed round, as fast as 1 lie failing light allowed, to cut across the entire rear of j the Southern army, i«» break, as it were, j nil t lie libs «»f the fan where they coil- I Verged by striking at t he transport reserve ammunition and artillery supplies. Their instructions wele to go in. avoiding the feu scouts who might not have In en . drawn oil' by the pursuit, and create tuili' ient excitement to impress the ; Southern Army with the wisdom of guard- I iij'j their own tlank and rear before they j captured cities, h was a pretty lnamuuvre, Speaking for the second division of the i Southern Annv, our first intimation of it was at twilight, when the artillery were labouring in deep sand ; most of lho e.-corl were trying to help thein out, and the main body of the infantry had gone 011; a Noah's Ark of elephants, camels, j and the mixed luenaeoiie of an Indian transport train bubbled and squealed j behind the gnns ; when there appeared I fr-mi nowhere in particular British in- ffitiirvtoihe extent of throe compmies. Mho Vpr.m; to the head of the gun- li"j>e.s and bronchi all to a stand si:!1 Hinitl oaths and cheers. " 1 low's that, umpire i " slid the major tv.niiiiindimi the attack, ami with one voj.e iliy drivers and limlicr gunners answered ' H«ut ! " while the colonel of artillery sputtered. " All your scouts are charging our main body," said the major. "Your Hanks are unprotected for two miles. I think we've broken the back of this division. And listen— there go the Ghoorkas ! " A weak lire broke from the rearguard mure than a mile away, and was answered by cheerful bowlings. The Ghoorkhas, who should havo swung clear of the&ccond; division, had stepped on its tail inthe dark, but drawing oil", hastened to reach the next lino, which lay almost >araUel to us, five or six miles away. Our column 6wayod and surged irreso lutely, three batteries, the divisional ammunition reserve, the baggage. and a section of hospital and bearer corps. The commandant ruefully promised to report himself 44 cut up" to the nearest umpire, and commending his cavalry and all other cavalry to the cure of Eblis, toiled on to lysumo touch with the rest of the divi- 4le'II bivouac here to-night," said the major, "I have a notion tli&t; the Ghoorkhas will get caught. They may want us to re-form on. Stand easy' till the trauBjjort gets away." A hand cuught my beast's bridle and led him out of the choking dust ; a larger lmnd deftly canted mo out of the saddle, aud two of the hugesl hands in the world received me sliding. Pleasant is the lot of the special correspondent who falls into such hands as those of Privates Mukunev, Orthcri, and Leu- royd. 11 An' that's all right," said the Irish- »n calmly. »\\\'c Uiought we'd find omewheww here by. Is there nnv- '11 (Mi & traURI>lt ' 0rth' thetjilnl'8 ' (etc)l u-o«h " from under mSJ ?c1opI,Mlt»in tho sliajic «f VT and an animal boUi laden witli cotnforts. The little man's yes sparkled. " M Uie bni'ti lieentaoiu wldieir av 1 \ these parts gets sight av the thruck," said Mulvaney, making practised investi gation, u they'll loot ev'rything. They're bein' fed on ironiilin's an' dog biscuits these days, but glory's no compensation for a belly-ache. Praise be, we're here to protect you, sorr. Beer, sausage, bread (soft, an' that's a cur'osity), soup in a tin, whisky by the smell av ut, an' fowls. Mother av Moses, but ye bike the field like a confectioner ! 'Tis scand'lus." 44 'lire's a orfioer," said Ortheris signifi cantly. 4vWhcn the scrgcnt's done lushin' the prii'U may clean tlic pot." 1 bundled several things into Mul- vaney's haversack before the majors hand fell on my shoulder and he said tcudcrly, 44 Requisitioned for tho Queen's service. "Wulseley was quite wrong about special correspondents. They "are tlic best friends of tlic soldier. Come and take >ot-luck with us to-night." And so it happened amid laughter and shoutings that my well-considered com missariat incited away to reappear on the mess table, which was a waterproof sheet spread en the ground. The flying column had taken three days' rations with it, and there Ihj few tilings nastier than Govern ment rations, especially when Govern ment is experimenting with German toys. Krbswurst, tinned beef of surpassing tin- niiiess, compressed vegetables, and meat I biscuits may be nourishing, but what ; Thomas Atkins ivants is bulk in his in- ciile. The major. assisted by bis brother officers, purciiascd goats for tho camp, and so made the experiment of no effect-. Long l.u-foiv the fatigue party sent to col lect brushwood had returned, the men wciv sutilui doit u by their valises, kettles and pots had appeared from the sur- mundiiur country, and were dangling over tires as 1 lie kid and the compressed vege tables lmbbhd together ; there lose a cheerful clinking of mess tins, outrageous demands for "a little more stullin' with that limit; liuT-wing," and gust on gust of chair .-us rojni ed as a bayonet and as delicate as a gun-butt. "The boys are in a good temper," said tin- major. "They'll lie singing presently. Well, a night like this is enough to keep l hrm iinpl'V-" Over our heads burned the wonderful Indian stars, which are not all pricked in .111 ..IK. .I.||,.., I .ut, I'lvc ivin- 1111 ..i.k'ily perspective, draw the eye through the velvet darkness of the void up to the barred doors of Jicaveu itself, The earth was a grev shadow more unreal man the sky. We "could hear her breathing lightly in the pause.'! between the howling of the jackals, the movement in the wind in the tamarisks, and the fitful mutter of mus ketry-tiro leagues away to the left. A native woman from some unseen hut began to sing, the mail train thundered p.int on its way to Delhi, and a roosting clow cawed drowsily. Then there was a hell-loofmniitg silence about the fires, and the even breathing of the crowded earth took up the strv. Tho men. full fed, turned to tobacco and song- theirolluvrs willi them. Happy is the subaltern who can win the approval of the musical critics in his regiment, and is honoured among the more intricate slop-dancers. Ik' iiim, as hv liini who plnvs cricket craft il v. will Thomas Atkins sl-iiid in time of liJed. when lie will let a better ntiiuut go on alone. The ruined tombs of forgotten Mussulman saints heard the ballad of " Agra Town." " The Buffalo Battery," " Marching to Kabul," 14 The long, jong Indian Day." " The IMneo where tho Punkah-coolie Died," and that crashing chorus which announces " YmilliV liari'V spirit, manhood's tiro, I'iriu liau-1 iuiAc:ik1c eye. Miel he fu-.jiiiiv, who would aspini To sue tlic stcv l>oar die." To-dav, of all those jovial thieves who : appropriated niy commissariat and lay and laughed round thai waterproof-sheet, ; not one remains. They went to camps ' that were not of exercise, and buttles without umpires. Burma)), the Suudan, ami the frontier-fever and fight took them in their time. 1 drifted across to the men's fires in seau-h of Mulvatiey, whom 1 found stra tegically greasing his feet by the blaze. There is nothing particularly lovely in the sight of a private thus engaged after a long day's inarch ; hut m'hon you rollout on the exact proportion of the "might, majesty, dominion, and power" of the British Empire that stands on those feet, you take an interest in the proceedings. 44 There's a blister, bad luck to ut, on the heel," 6aid Mulvaney. 44 1 can't touch ut. Prick ut out, little man." Ortheris produced his house-wife, cased the trouble with a needle, stabbed Mul vaney iu the calf with the same iveajMin, and was incontinently kicked into the tire. 44 I've bruk the host av my toes over you, ye grinnin' child av disruption," said Mulvaney bitting crossed-logged and nursing his feet; then, seeing me, 44 Oh, ut's you. sorr ! Be wclkim, an' take that maruudiil' Reiltl's place. Jock, lmld him down on the cindhcrs for a bit." But Ortheris escaped and went else where, as 1 look possession of the hollow he had scraped for himself and lined villi his great- coat. Lcai-uyd, on the other side of the lire, grinned nil ably, and in a minute fell fast asleep. "There's the height av politeness for you," said Mulvaney. lighting Iub pipe with a flaming branch. 44 But Jock's eaten half-a- box of your sardines at van wulp, an' 1 think tlio tin too. host wid you, sorr, an' how did you happen to be on the losin' aide this day when we captured you ? " 14 The Army of the South is winning all ull along the line," I said. 44 Thou that line's the hangman's rope, savin1 your presence. You'll learn to morrow how wc rethrcated to drew thini on before we made thini trouble, and that's what a woman does. By the same token, we'll ho attacked before the dawnin' an' ut would be better not t«> slip your boots. How do 1 know that? By the light av pure reason. Here arc three companies av us ever so far inside av the the enemy's flank an' a crowd av roarin', tarin' an' squealin' cavalry gone on just to turn out the whole nest av Ihcm. Av course the enemy will pursue by brigades like as not, an' then we'll have to run for ut. Mark my words. J am av the opinion av Polonius whin ho said : 44 Don't fight with ivry scutt for the pure joy av fightin', but if you do, knock the nose of him firat and frequint.' We ought to ha' gone on an' helped the Ghoorkhas." 44 But what do you know about Polonius I " I demanded. This was a new side of Mulvaney's diameter. "All that Shakespeare over wrote an' a dale more that tlic gallery shouted," said the man of war, carefully lacing his hoots. Did I not tell you av Silver's theatre in Dublin whin 1 was younger tbau 1 am now, an' a patron av the drama ? Ould Silver wud never pay actor, man or woman, their just dues, an' by conse quence his complies was collapsible at the last niinut". Then the hboy.s wud clamour m take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made ihcm pay for the fun. Faiih I've seen Hamlin played wid a new black cvo an' the Queen as full as a cornucopia. 1 remember wuu.st Hogin that 'listed in the Black Tyrone an' was shot in Smith Africa, he sejuced ould Silver into givin' liini Hmnlnt's part instid of me that had a tine fancy fm rhetoric in those' days. Av coiu'.-e I went into the gallery an' began to till the pit wid other people's hats, an' I passed the time av da)' to Login' walkin' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his lmck. 'Hamlet.' sez I, 4 thereV n hole ill your heel. Pull up your ditockins, Hnmiut,' se:< 1\. 4 llamlut. Hnmiut. for the love av dccincy dhi-op that skull an" pull up your sht"c;;ins. Tin? whole house began to tell him that. He stopped his soldo- qnMuus initl between. ' My shtoekitis may be coinin' down or they may not,' sea he. scrcwin' his eye into the gallery, for well he knew who 1 was. ' But after the performance is over me an' the Ghost'll trample the guts out av you, Terence, wid your ass's hray,' — an' that's how 1 come to know about Hnmiut. Mvuli! Those days, those days ! Did you iver have onendin' develmint an' not bin' to pay for it in your life, sor? " 44 Never, without having to pay," I said. 44 That's thrue ! 'Tis inane whin you considher on tit : hut ut's tho .same wid horse or fut. A headache if you dhrink, an' a belly- ache if you eat too much, an' a hcmt-ache to kajie all down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' lie's the lucky man." Ho dropped Ids head and stared into the lire, fingering his moustache the while. Fr<>m the far side of the bivouac the voice of Corbet -Nolan, senior subaltern of B company uplifted itself in an ancient and much appreciated sung oT sentiment, the men moaning melodiously behind him. The north wiuit blew coldly, she drwjwd from that My nivn little Kathleen, inv sweet little Kathleen, Kathleen, my Kathleen, Kathleen O'Moorc ! Willi forty-live O's in the last uord ; even at that distance you might have cut the soft South Irish accent with a shovel. 44 For all wc take wc must pay, but the priceis cruel high," murmured Mulvaney when the chorus hud ceased. 44 What's the treuble 1 " 3 said gently, for 1 know that he was a man cf inex tinguishable sorrow. 44 Hear now," eaid he. 44 Yc know what 1 am now. know what 1 mint to be at- the beginnin' hv my Bervice. I've tould you time an' again, an' what 1 linve not Dinah Sliadd has. An' w hat am 1 i Oh, Mary Mother av Heven, an ould dhrunken. nntrustable baste av a privit that lias seen the regiment change out from colonel to drummer-boy, not wunst or twyst , hut scores av times ! Ay, scores ! An' mo not so near gettin' pi-omotion as in the fur&b; ! An' mo livin' on an' knpin' clear o' Clink, not by my own good con- duck, but the kindness av some orf'cer — bhoy young enough to be son to iue ! Do 1 not kuow ut? Con I not tell whin I'm jiassed over at p'rade, tho" I'm rockin' full av liquor an' ready to fall all in wan piece, such as even a suckin' child might see, bckaze, 4 Oh, 'tis only ould Mulvauy I ' Au1 whin I'm let ofi' in ord'ly-room through some thrick of tho tongue an' a rendyunswvr an' the mild man's mercy, is ut Bmiiiu 1 feel whin 1 fall away ail' go back to Dinah Sliadd, thryin' to cany ut nil off as a juke? Not 1 ! 'Tis hell to ine dumb bell through ut all : an' nuxl tiiue whin the lit comes I will be as bad again. Good cause thu reg'ment has to know mc for the lx»st soldier in ut. Better cause liavo I to know mesilf for tlic .worst- man. 1 'in only fit to tache the new draftB what I'll never learn myself, on' I am sure, as tlio' IJicard ut, that the iniiiut wan -s these pink-eyed recruitics gets away from niy 4 Mind ye now,' an 4 Listen to this, Jim, bhoy,'— sure I am that serjint houlds me up to him for a warnin'. So 1 toche, as they say at musketry-instruction, by direct and rico chet fire. Lord be good to me, for I have stud some throuble I " 44 Lie down and go to sleep," said 1, not being able to comfort or advise, 4 4 you're the best man in the regiment, and, next to Ortheris, the biggest fool. Lie down and wait till we're attacked. What force will they turn out ? Guns, think you ? " 44 Thry that wid your lends an' ladies, twistin' an' turnin' the talk, tho' you mint ut well. Yc cud say nothin' to help me, an' yet ye never knew what cause I had to bo what I am." 44 Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said, royally. 44 But rake up the fire a bit first." I passed Ortheris's bayonet for a poker. 44 That shows how little we know what to do," said Mulvaney, putting it aside. "Fire takes all the heart out avthe steel, an' the next time, may bo, that our little man is fighting for his life his bradawl '11 break, and' so you'll av killed him, manin' no more than to kapc yourself warm. 'Tis a recruitie's thrick that. Pass the damn '-red, sorr." I snuggled down abashed, and after an interval the low even voice of Mulvaney began. To ta continued.) tee men, full fed, turned to tobacco and bono. 