BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Once moro at the head of my letter come j the figures of an even hundred (600.) This by no means represents the numbers of letters I j have written in continual succession foMiearly fifteen years. This volume of letters was begun just after the close of the- great Paris Exposition of 1878, twelve years ago. My letters, of volume first, -were commenced some months previous to the Centennial Exposition of 1876 at Philadelphia, and con tinued to the close of the Exposition at Paris in 1878. I never approach a new hundred without asking myself if I shall be allowed to complete another centennial figure. Sure as the coming light, the day must arrive when I; will not be. How far: is that off? "Aye, there's the rub." Still T feel grateful, heartily grateful, that I have been permitted to hold ■ weekly converse with so many through all these years, and while dark shadows have fallen across my path and cares and sorrows have beset me, from you-I- have naught but kind words of comfort and cheer which have brightened my course with sun light and dispelled the gloom. So, cheerfully and hopefully, I take the hew centennial number up, and if, in God's providence, lam not allowed to complete it, as the shadows lengthen and the light goes out, the happiest memories to cheer .my final hour will be those spent in telling the story of life in;this modern Babylon with all of its" glory and shame. The week has been full of startling inci dents, following each other in quick suc cession and keeping the town in a blaze of ex citement. Early in the week came "the con fessions of the midnight assassins who wreckod the trains upon the New York Central, and who placed in deadly peril over two hundred lives. When it was discovered that the conspirators were not outsiders, as claimed by the strikers, but active members of the Knights of Labor, it covered the order | with such infamy that further maintenance of the strike became . impossible, and on Wednesday it was formally declared off by Mr. Powderly, and then came a break-neck race of all t he old hands to get back. They had been deceived by their leaders with pro mises of abuudant aid which never came, the families of many of them were reduced to starvation, and all this time some of our finest hotels were quartering walking delegates from head centres who lived on the very fat of the land, and labor representatives . who sported diamond studs in their shirt fronts and smoked twenty-five cent cigars to soothe them after dinner. Every day the poor dupes were told to hoM on, and that to-morrow they would hear something startling,and they did,-when the trains were wrecked near the town of New Hamburg,but the promised aid from without never came. Great was the disappointment on Wednesday when the men, maddened by want, found themselvesdeserted by the leaders they -had trusted. They crowded and surged about' the office doors of the CentralRoad like a pack' of famished wolves,and with tearsin their eyes begged to be taken back, but there, was no rooinfor them—their places had all been filled. At last the scene became so painful that Sir., Depew fled from his office, unable to bearthei strain of the harrowing appealsfrom the star ving and sorrowful crowd. And so ends one •of the most formidable strikes that New York has seen within its limits. Though lasting only forty days,it has cost the Central Railroad Company many hundreds - of thou sands of dollars, but that is nothing to -what ■it has cost the poor laboring .people "of New York. All sorts of provisions have been raised in price, and the poor have been made •to suffer. Then again, it has been" 'accompanied ' by serious ' loss of life, many homes have been plunged in mourning, and the innocent have been made :to suffer instead of the guilty. Now comes the aftermath in the punishment of the strikers and the suffering through a:long and dreary winter of their wives and children. It .is terrible to contemplate, but a price . must be paid for every crime. At midnight with-. out a moment's warning,they sought to strike down one of the best governed and most' liberal corporations in the land, and to para lyze the business of two great cities, mvolving. suffering and.privation to-hundreds of thou sands, such as no mortal pen can paint.; They called murder and mob violence to their, aid,i and failed ; thanks to the love, of law and ; order, which are the very corner stones of our safety. To the magnificent.organization, of .our police, and the manner in which they have been handled by acting Commissioner :Burns, we are indebted for the suppression of lawlessness and violence, winch lias been so disgracefully conspicuous in other places, rwhere the vote of the striker was an impor tant political factor. And so in the language, of Mr. "Webb the great strike of 1889 becomes a back number, and sinks into history among the most sorrowful and disastrous memories of the year 1890. Nothing in the way of sensationalism "in the wildest dream of Zola or any of the novel ists in the modern Erench school can ' equal xhe suicide of a young German actress, " and an artist named Gustave Koch who was her lover. There is an unwritten chapter in this history which may yet come to light, but for the present it is an inscrutable mystery, The artist was young, handsome, and.as far as known a very estimable, upright and in-' idustrious man. He had been in the., epiploy. of the celebrated photographer^ Ealk .for a number of years, and enjoyed the confidence and respect of his employer. -He had been unfortunate in his marriage ; his wife had been betrayed by his dearest friend, and the Courts had granted him a divorce. Two years ago he met Emilie Rossi, a young actress engaged at the Amberg Theatre. Mr. Kochand Miss Rossi became warmly attached to each other, and when Miss Rossi returned j» Qeojiany Mr, }£oc|V followed her. ;:He wanted to marry her,but her mother opposed the, watch, and a viulent quarrel onsued —be tween the mother and daughter. A fewweeks ago "Miss Rossi returned to the United States to fulfil an engagement in this oity. -The-in timacy was immediately renewed, and it was understood at the house where she boarded that they were engaged to be married. So far as shown there was no obstacle in tha way except the mother's consent, atid girls bent on marrying seldom think of that, especially when the mother is three or four thousand miles away. But whatever the cause, it ap pears they resolved not to marrv ^ themselves in sicht. ^ each othe^.' She lived Rt ^ .aOuse on the Bowery, exactly opposite the station of the Third Avenue Elevated Rp^d. ^he young man loft his -lodgings, about five o'clock in the morning, and coming down town took his station on the platform right opposite his lady love's window ; he waited patiently for over an hour while the day was breaking ; presently a window was thrown up by a woman who waved her hand, the young man placed a piBtol to his head and the nex moment lie lay an the platform a helpless corpse. Almost at the sa,me instant another shot"was heard, and a short time after the proprietress pf the house coming down the stairs saw the door of her younc boarder's room open ; she entered and'fbund her laying dead on the bed, The two lovers had crossed the dark river together. It was her dying request that her body be cremated, and this request was complied with by Manager Amberg. The details are painful and shocking, and the denouement one of tho most tragic that has taken place in a decade. If the evil and sorrowful example shall ond here I shall be surprised: Let us hopo that it may end with the unfortunate actors who arc now beyond the reacli of praise or blame. Dion Boucicault is dead, struck down by a severe attack of acute pneumonia early "in the week, and after a brief struggle he gave up tho ghost on Thursday. His" death was not unexpected ; it has been evident to those who saw him during the past year that he was a very sick man, and he himself felt that the end was not far off. He will long be remembered as one of the most prolific "and successful playwrights of the age in viwh he kvc-u, a man who has furbished amusement for many ^mious of peoplo in all parts of $0 awl having said that ypu hr.ve said nil that mm truly be said ill Dion Boucicault's commendation. lie had the instinct of a literary pirate, and lie appropriated the creations of others' genius with as little compunction as a footpad .filches a purse. The man wis morally un balanced,^naturally vicious:and .deprived, the, slaye of-his appetites and his passions, with out a single -redeeming feature in his character.—Perhaps he_ was not; altogether^ responsible for this, as his moral defects were a~terrible~case of heredity. - His father : before him, who besides being one of the most distinguished scholars and scientist of his time, was also one of the most notorious letchers and debauchees in England or Ireland. Dionysius Lardner Boucicault was the natural son of Professor Dionyaius Lardner who graduated with high honor at Trinity College, Dublin, in 1817. He con tinued his connection with Trinity College till 1828, and, having entered in holy orders, acted for a time as chaplain of the college, but his life became so notorious in Dublin that he was compelled so drop the title of reverend, and was ever afterwards known as doctor or professor. While he was chaplain of the college he became acquainted with a Swiss woman named Borcecort, and took up his quarters with the iamily. It was during this time that Dion Boucicault was born in 1822\. Doctor Lardner continued a member of the Borcecort household till 1828 when he went to London to accept a professorship in •the London University. He was followed a few years afterwards by his son, whom he placed at Dr. Heasey's school at Hampstead. He continued there till his father ran away from England with the wife of Captain Heavy . side of the British Army in 1840. Communi 1 cation was not as easy fifty years ago as it is to-day. There were. no five day and a half steamers, and ho ocean cables, so that it was some weeks before the news of his escapade reached New York. In the meantime he had introduced Ivlrs. Heavyside as his wife, and was received by the late A. T. Stewart and Philip Hone, at that time one of the society leaders of New York. When the news reached here there was a terrible explosion, and Doctor Lardner was driven from the City. He wandered about the country for five years, earning a precarious living bv lecturing and writing, and in 1845 returned to Europe and settled in Paris, where he died in 1857. Captain Heavyside recovered damages against him to the amount of forty thousand dollars, so he died an exile never daring to set foot in England again. Meanwhile his son, deserted by his father, was compelled to leave Dr. Hessey's school and wandered up to London. There for a time he suffered much privation, when he met John Brougham, one of the finest speci mens of an Irish gentleman that this country has seen. He was a man of large heart and generous impulses, and feeling the keenest sympathy for his unfortunate young country man, introduced him to his friends, and wrote the greatest part of the comedy of 'London Assurance, which Dion Bcucicault afterwards claimed entirely as his own. The play was an immense success, and the poor Bohemian,became a recognised power in the 'theatre. In 1852 he was a stage manager of the theatre in Glasgow. Charles Kean and his wife Ellen Tree were playing an encase ment there, and with them was their adopted daugnter Agnes, who always accompanied Mr3. Kean to-the theatre. She was the daughter of a dead friend, and the Keans adopted her. She was a lovely innocent girl with no guile in her heart. Dion Boucicault took advantage of the opportunities afi'orded him while the Keans were on the stage, and one day the young girl was missing and Dion Boucicault also. The blow nearly killed Mrs. Kean. Like his father before him he fled to the United States, andinl853Agnes llobertson appeared at Kimball's Boston Museum, her business manager being Dion Boucicault. She created an immense sensation, and the museum was packed for weeks. The papers ■wrote whole columns about her, she was a standing toast at'the clubs, and aU the young bucks went wild oyer her, for at that time she was supposed to be a young girl. At the .end of her engagement, however, Dion -Boucicault appeared before the curtain and returned thanks on Mrs. Boucicault's, behalf. She remained his true and loyal wife for thirty years. She was the mother of the children that bear his name. Through abuse, contumely, slander and privation, she hid her sorrows and her tears and clung to him for the sake of her children of whom any father might have been proud ; but this man at the age of nearly seventy branded his wife as a harlot and stamped ignominy and shame on the brows of his own children. There is so crime baser or more dastardly than this re corded in history. He was followed'to hk grave by doctors, lawyers, litersteura, and actors, most of whom neither knew nor oared about his history. Orations may be pro nounced filled with gilded lies, and literary Bohemians, may cover with the mantle of silence his shameful record, but the infamous prime against his wife and his children -will never be condoned nor forgiven till theJud" jnentDay. ° Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 