SPURTING A OTES. THE TURK. Says the "London Truth," when so much elaborate fuss was bring made about the Aus tralian colts during the winter, I warned my speculative readers to leave them alone, having no opinion of their Derby prospects. The result of their puddle of a trial, and the miserable exhibi bition at Lincoln of Pluta-ch, who galloped with | them, show very clearly thnt they have not the j ghost of a shadow of r chanco for the D rby, but j Kirkham, at least, may win some races over long j | distances if judiciously placed. j FOOTBALL. [ The North Sandhurst and Ironbarlc Imps-met in the Reserve on Saturday, and nfcer a well con | tested match resulted in a win for the Imps by one eroal to nil, M'Tavigh, Collins. Glen, Young, I and Kosewarno playing splendidly forithe Imps. For North Sandhurst — Neilson, liuchanm, Hutchinson, and Perry did good work who claim. the match as a draw on the ground that no goals were kicked. A match was played between the Eagleiiawlc j and Belltopper Hill State schools, which resulted [ in a draw in favor of the former, the scores being I two'goals and six behinds to two goal3 and four | behinds. The best players for the former were ; Forth, Lawley, Laws, Gemmell, Webster, John, I Prowse, and Jeffrey, and for the latter Butler, : Trewhella, and Ellis. Mr. Pryor was the umpire, j Twenty of the Albion mea and defeated the 1 Bendigo in the Show Grounds on Saturday. The score- being 1 goal 5 behinds to 0 behinds. The most prominent for the Albion were Sutherland, Hughes, (Jonsidine, Burtoiiclay, O'Brien and Wilkins; and for Ben igo, Daly, Storey, Kelly, Ferguson, Davis aud Lyons. Mr. Hogan filled the position of central umpire in a satisfactory manner. i Sandhurst v, Eaglehawk at Back Creek to morrow:—Heine, Cundy, Le.iney, Goyne, Solo mon, Wilson, Curry (2), Pearson, Magee, Jones, Freeman, Hardy, Roberts. Blake, Davis, Ccrr, Eva, Refield, Gleeson, Lethbridge, Roeder, Andrews. Eaglehawk team—Buchan, Berryman, Casey, Corr, Hegarty, Herbert Miller, Mundy, Nosworthy {capt.), O'Hallornn, Riley, Rimes (2), Robbins," Steward, Morgun, Valen ine, Wilson, Wood, W. Williams. Reserve—Williams, Neale, j Murley. The Bendigo pi vy their first premiership match j to-morrow at North Bendigo, mepting the North' , 'Bendigo. The Bendigo team will be picked from j —Black, Biown. Corr, Carroll, Davis, Daly, j Ferguson, Griffiths, Hannan. Healy, Jasper, j Kenworthy, Kelly, Lyons, M'Gregor, M'Lemian. ! Neil son, Sampsou ('<!), Travis, Trayes, Walker. North Bendigo team—Caval, Chappie, Davis, Hicks, Jenkinson, Job, Lewis, Mundy, Philp, Pellow,. Potter, Roberts (2), Ross, Trewhella (2), Trewin, Thomas, Trcsize, Valentine; emergencies —Lenten, Male, Peterson, Paynting. Tho Quarry Hill division of the B.T.R.A. against the Sandhurst division to-morrow on : Loveland's SquareThe Quarry Hill team will j ■be picked from Hosking (capt), Orchard (2),; Phillips, Harrison (2), Quick, Paton, Main (2), j Dowrick, Smith, Williams, Wishart, Walter, Hill, HoskinB, Bartla, Cambridge, Straughair, Hull, Liddell, Hourigan, Pollett, Holl, Gardiner, Kecli. Excelsior. Division B.T.R.A. v. Central, for B.T.R.A. trophies, at Cherry Tree, to-morrow :— Anderson^ Brown (2), Bolger, Bond, Cook, Courtier, Dickson, Randall (2), King, Ryan, Jack Weataway, W. Saunders. Rowe, Martin (2), Harkness (2), Macpherson, Lanyon, Power, Odgera, Jones, M'Dongall, Tresize, Fuller. Watts. Central team—Maclcay, Watson, Foster, Jack man, Lament, Pryor, Bissett, Sewell. Henderson, Hall, Richardson, Stilwell, Maxwell, Burns,Davis (captain), Harris, Hands, Jackson, Neal, Fox, Cowan. Central umpire—Mr. W. Spargo. Goal umpire—Mr. T. Andrew. Long Gully Junior-i team against the 'North Park for the B.T.R A. Cup at Long Gully to morrow W. Dower (capt.), Refeld, F. Dower, Dunstan, Gibson, Annear, Warren, Hocki-ig (2), Eva, Gist, Kosewarne, Hunt, Trelevean. Richards, Jewell, Griffiths, Turner, Newton, Climas, Barratt, Mead, Trembath, Edwards, Roberts, Robertson and Jason. Park team — Wilsou (capt.), Aspinall, Austin, Curnow (2), Clifford, Glen, Henderson, Keating, M'Donald, M'Atam ney, Paul. Ramage, Reynolds, Taylor, Truscott, Watts, Marchant (2), Craven, Cojmbs, Murray. Roberts, Ljveland, Cavalier, Hart, Armstrong. Sandhurst Football Association. The Sandhurst Football Association met at the Eeeliive last eveniug. There was a large at tendance of delegates. Permits.—There were several applications for permits, but it was decided that they should stand over for a week. Umpires.—Umpires were appointed for Wed-* nesday's matches as follows:—Sandhurst v. Eagle hawk at Back Creek—Field umpire, Mr. Rkehan; goal umpires, Messrs. Tu>ner and Hill. Beudigo | v. North Bendigo' at North Bendigo — Field j umpire, -Mr. Boffey; goal umpues, Messrs. Dickason and Petersen. A special meeting of the association was subsa quently held, when it was decided to adopt Dr. Hinchcliff's motion to alter the constitution of the association to the extent of allowing each club three dele-prates, who would elect their own office bearers. This will come into force immediately, but the present office-bearers will retain their positions forthis year. Theonly necessary altera- | tion. at present will be the appointment of one more delegate by the Bendigo Club and the numbers will tb<m by even. A general meeting of the Sandhurst division of the B.T R.A. was held last night at C. Woods' hairdressing saloon. Mr. Cutidy in the chair. Mr. Cundy pointed out many advantages which were to he gained by joining the Sandhurst divi sion, and urged the team toattend well to training, etc. The election election of officers for the season wvs then proceeded with, which resulted in Mr. J. Hadden being elected captain; Mr B. Williamson, vice-captain: Mr. T. i:Iill,>hon. sec.; committee : Messrs. Cowan, Nc'ale, Palmer, B«r nett, and the secretary, captain and vice-captain. The arrangement of a match committee was left iu the hands of the general committee. It was re solved to meet for training every Monday night, at the city both's. The meeting, which was enthusi astic throughout, closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman; also to Mr. Woods for the use of the room and baths for the season. Oar Castlemaine correspondent reports The Castlemaine Football Association have decided | that the matches for the premiership and the : Crawford, EmWey and Newby trophies shall com- j nience on the 31sc instant. The fixtures are as follows:—3lBt May—Foundry v. Taradale, at Castlemaine; Maldon v. Castlemaine, at Maldon, 7th June—Foundry v. Castlemnine, at Castle maine; Maldon v. Taradale, at Tarada'e. 14th Juno—Foundry v. Maldon, at Maldon. 2lHt,Tune —Taradale v. Castlemaine, at Taradale. 28th June—Taradale v. Foundry, at Taradalf; Castle maine v. Maldon, at Castlemaine. Stir July— ' Foundry v. Castlemaine, at Castlemaine ; Taradale v. Maldon, at Maldon. 12th July—Maldon v. Foundry, at Castlemaine. 19th July—Castlemaine v. Taradale, at Castle maine. 2Gth July—Castlemaine v. Maldon, at I Maldon. 2nd August—Foundry v Taradale, at Castlemaine, Oth August—Foundry v. Castle maiue. at Castlemaine; Taradale v. Maldon, at Taradale. lGth August—Maldon v. Foundry, at Maldon. 23rd August—Taradale v. Castlemaine. at Taradale. 30th August—Taradale v. Foundry, at Taradale; Castlemaine v. Maldon, at Castle maine. (ith September—Foundry v. Maldon, at Castlemaine. 13th September—Castlemaine v. Taradale, at Castlemaine. 20th September— Foundry v. Castlemaine, at Castlemaine; Maldon v. Taradale. at Taradale. CRICKET. A match was played on Saturday between Ker.ingn.nd Pyramid teams at Pyramid. This was the first match of the season, and it behoves the Pyramid Club to practice, if Saturday's match is to be taken as a sample of what they can do. The Kerang team possessed a bowler who appeared to knock the Rtuir.os down as he pleased. The result of the match was 18 ruus for Pyramid, and (J3 runs for Kerang. COURSING. Important Sale of Ghrthounhs. There was a large attendance at Tattersa11;n Bazaar yesterday, when one of thf most fiim >us litters in Air. train, consisting of Flageolet, Fangh a-Ballagh, Friar's Balsam and Folly, Were offered for sale. The separate performance* of these dogs are bo wll-known that it scarcely nocs.^ary to specify thom. They belong to Mr. John O'Ha lo ran, of Goulburn. (JJ.S.W.) Mr. O'Hallorati does not want to part with his pet J, however. exct|i ab. a high figure, and though some p'uuky bid*) wore made by would-ba owners, no deal wai mad?. The first submitted was the fawn and white bitch Flageolet, by Tam O'Shanter—dam. IGithle.in II, The first offer wa« 100 guinea?, and the price mounted plowly t j 275 guineas, ac which the bitoU was passed in, the reserve being given as 30'J !»nineas. There was a mild sensation ai the fawn and v,-hite dog Fangh-a-Ballagh, winner oE the big Moonee Valley Cup, was led into the.ring, 'l'ho first bid was 300 guineas, and when 400 guineas was reached there was a pause. This was gene rally considered by those present an excellent offer, but the owner would not part at this price, and Faugh-a'Ballagh was passed in. Friar's IUlsam was next submitted, Tho highest bid was 150 guineas, but it was not accepted, tho_ reserve being announced as 200 guineas. The fourth of the famous liiter, the white and fawn bitch Folly, was next offered. No b'tter success attended the submitting of this hitch, 12") guineas being offered aid refused. The same figure war. refused for Fontenoy, a full brother to the four first offered. Flaneur, by Tarn O'Shanter — Tolanthe, was passed in at '15 guineas, and no offers were mado for Favorite and Fancy, sisters of Flaneur. Two puppies liy Hent Charge from Mayflower were 1 ulso submitted on behalf of Mr. O'Hailorau, but no s :L> was effected. Less reno "ned greyhounds I on behalf of other owners were offered- RufTord, by R< ut Charge—Red .Hind, was knocked down to Mr. W. Maher for 100 guineas, but it was understood that the dog was bought in for the owner, Mr." ICel!y. Rhodanthe. II., fawn and white bitch, by Bridegroom from White Flag, was sold to Mr. Sam Allen for 19 guineas. Zimpa, white and fawn dog by Harrington—Treasmrs Trove, was knocked down to Mr. G. Laneley for 12 guineas. Lava, rod and white bitch by Living stone ow, of Para1]", was purchased by Mr S. Alien'for 19 gin iihuh.—'' ' HeraM." 