STOBiES. ' According tofeehTew York Sim, a number of. questions .on spiritism and kindred subjects were; recently submitted to certain prominent -American citizens, .with a request that they would supply a short original ghost story. Dr. Allan M'Lane Hamilton sent the following story, for which lie vouches : — CALLED AWAT. I will tell you a trae ghost story, and one that sends a cold shiver through my frame whenever I think of it. When I was in Shanghai, China, in 1S7S, 111 com- v pany with Ling Look and Yamadeva we were then travelling under the -name' of fee Koyal Illusionists, one afternoon Chang, fee Chinese giant ; Ling Look, Yamadeva, several ship captains, and I drove out on, the Bubbling Well road to the Hermitage, a sort of summer garden about four miles from the English quarter of Shanghai, and while there we all took part in a game of tenpinB. One . of fee captains, a burly German, made a great many ten strikes by throwing the largest bah " in the rack. This roused Yamadeva, and he also attempted to throw the large ball, but in doing so fell back and complained of a pain in the right breast. We drove him back to the city and summoned an English physician, who pro nounced it a case of ruptured muscles, and as sured us that the young man would be all right j in a few days. On the fourth day after the acci dent Yamadeva was apparently so much better that the doctor said it would be perfectly safe for him to . go with us to Hong Kong on the steamship EMva, which was to leave that afternoon. We all embarked, and about mid- nighf on fee first night out I was . awakened by two piercing shrieks of "Kellar ! Kellar !" - These were the last words Yama deva ever spoke, for when I reached his cabin his head was lying in Ling- Look's arms — he was dead. . The ship's doctor said he had burst a "blood vessel. The captain of the- steamer kindly consented to ca rry , the body (to Hong .Kong, , and fee ship's carpenter made a rough coffin, and" the remains of our companion were de posited on the bridge. On the evening of fee second day, at-abont 9 o'clock, while the ship was calmly steaming down tlie Formosa Channel; Ling Look, Mr. Gray, of the Hong Kong and Shanghai band, Mrs. Gray, a clergyman and I were seated oh deck in the aft, when suddenly there was.- a clear and festinct whistle — ti-ta- tati-tati — spch as our company used for the purpose of recognition. ;We all were very much, astonished, arid inure or less excited. Ling Look was veriy much' worked up", and exclaimed, " That is Yama deva whistling," and answered the call by our well-known tioo-ti-ti ! This was imme diately answered by the. correct - reply; ti-i-i-i-po. Long Look - now gave fee first call, ti-ta-ti- tati-tati. This was immediately answered by the invisible powpr wife tioo- ti- ti. ' The calls were repeated by lung Eeveral times, and each time fee correct reply came from fee air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, as eveiy place was carefully searched. The ship's officers at first made light of the affair, but when fee whistling was repeated, and Ling Look would tell them beforehand what answer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and the cap tain said it was fee mostjwpnderful thing lie had ever experienced in his life. LingLookin- sisted on opening the coffin, to see if Yaraa- deva was, really dead, and when- he viewed the body he said, 41 Tamadeva is calling me, and I mast go with him." Poor Ling Look was taken sick in Hong Hong and died in fee hospital there, and we burled Mm beside his brother Yamadeva. They are-resting side by- side in Happy Valley, fee beautif nl cemeteiy of Houg Kong. Y THE PHANTOM DOCTOE. Dr. Daniel Greenleaf Thompson, president of the Nineteenth Century Club, supplied the following dream (story ' of fee Phantom Doctor : — I- was spending fee summer at Newport, where I haft gone to recuperate from fee (irdnom dntiffi of my prpfessifo:. when J.inefc ngirl with whom I fell desperately in love. Her .name was Emily Gibson, and fee fact that she - not only ignorc-d, my existence, but feat she was already engaged to another' man whom she evidently adored, did not in the least cool .the ardour of my. pas sion. From fee first moment of cur meeting I loved her as one loves once in a lifetime, and I worshipped in secret. Though we lived in the same boarding- house — a pretty vine-covered cottage over looking fee sea — we rarely met except at meal ' times. Emily and her betrothed, whose name was James Jerome,, usually wandered off by themselves during the daytime, leaving me a prey to a fierce, consuming jealousy ; and in fee evening, while I sat apart, moody and disconsolate, vainly trying to fix my atten tion upon a book, I colild hear the faint mur mur of their voices from , a retired corner of fee verandah' that overlooked the rippling moontouehed ocean. One night, however, something occrirred that caused my blood to riot madly in my veins, and ' the recollection of which, even now, sends a thrill through my .entire being. It happened in this way : I had gone to bed impressed with that acute, mysterious sense of coming evil which sometimes affects the most phlegmatic persons. I recollect the intense sultriness of fee air, fee oppressive stillness, and the gentle rhythmic swish of fee water against the cliffs below. I do not know how soon I fell asleep, nor how long I continued to sleep, but I was roughly awakened after a time by a loud rap at my door. Spring ing out of bed, I drew the bolt and inquired what was wanted. To my utter astonishment Emily stood before lae, her white wrapper barred with yellow moonlight that streamed through the shutter in the hall. Her -hair, long and golden, was unbound and floated in shining strands over her shonlders . She appeared to be greotly agitated, while as for me I was so overcome by fee unexpected sight of ber there that I 'could feel my heart beat against the panel of fee door on which I leaned. In n few words she tol-l me what was wrong. Her lover,- Jerome, had been taken violently ill. I was a physician, as she well knew. "Would I come at once and give my assist ance? She had been summoned by one of the housemaids, and Mrs. Gibson, Emily's mother, a semi-invalid herself, was already stationed in the sick room. The instant I re assured her. saying I would come immediately, ske withilrew, vanishing down the corridor, a mocn-illnminatqi, ghostly figure, and I heard her descend to the floor bc-low. When, five minutes later, I reached Jerome's apart ment, Ifound him suffering frdm internal pains t i great violence, fee cause of which I was ffiicalle to determine. .He became quieter after I had administered some morphine, and presently fell into a profound sleep. Emily remained in fee room, and as I watched Jfcrome I saw that she regarded me intently, sus piciously. It cut ine to. the heart to think I was en object of distrust to her ; but the mere fact, of finding myself comparer tively alone with ber at that silent hour of the night intoxicated 'me with joy. When I returned to my room my pulse was "bounding wife excitement. For some time I tossed about, unable to sleep. When at- lust repose came I dreamed ti strange and horrible dream, I heard Emily fo voice call ms by name andvumfoon mefo Jerome's chamber- I rose anddressed, and went down fee creaking stairs to his door, which lopened. ,He was lying in bed, and I myself watched beside hiia. No one els® was there. Qh, how I bated "him and how I loved Emily ! . How I lbattieS Ms very presenee I A fiendish, impulfo; ca-ine oyfo me to kill .Idnifoi impulse feat momentarily .grew., stronger. : My hody 3taadi:ig t on the, 'tbiesuqM qjTw a. ;jpfo.;.o2K, poison. Irbfo ' Vife !bLmclifocv I rose' jfobfoeY.s.,pil(tmv,-! auforeirig open his teeth, r-I gave mm jfche' sure. How came I bete Y Gradually I recalled fee summons in fee night. The incidents, one by one, came back to me. I remembered I had remained below not halt" -an hour. The . frightfel dream rushed upon my memory. I knew that I. had deliberately murdered James Jerome — murdered him because I wanted fee woman . he . loved, > and whose affection he had won, f Of myself. I had killed him wantonly, diabolically.' Drops of sweat broke out upon ine as this awful truth became clear to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild dash down fee stairs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breaking- day fell directly across his motionless figure. I advanced wife a halt ing, . staggering gait, and peered into his face. It was aihen. My eyes .glared in horrible apprehension as I placed one hand upon his "forehead: The touch chilled me from head to foot 1 like ice. He was dead, unmistakably dead. Then I fled .from the room, and for a time knew no more- I will pass over fee hours of aesperete agony that followed. Suffice it tcf say that, although I -feel perfectly irresponsible for Jerome's death, I yet knew instinctively feat I had murdered him. The empty viai, my unaccountable presence in the hall, my dream, all pointed to a shocking and loath some reality. I knew. that on my soul rested fee burden of this horrible crime. Then came the second chapter in the tragedy. The trouble and the excitement incident to the calamity that had occurred in the house caused Emiiy to be utterly prostrated. 1 had not- seen her ' since that, fatal morn ing when I awoke to .find myself branded as" a murderer." Like a criminal I hid in my room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, despair. Then I remember, 1 heard that she, too, was ill, and that my professional services were required a second time! Tlie misery that took posses-ion of rne knew no bounds. I was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. I shrank froth fee possible path into which my other... sehf — iiat hideous phantom of myself-r-;might . lead. me. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More dead than alive I found myself crossing the threshold of that dimly-lighted room. Again I pre scribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All fee time my heart went out to the poor suffering girl whose anguish I had caused. I loved her more .than ever. I rushed a-wav, and once more sought forgetfulness in sleep, and once mere I dreamed. I saw myself steal on tip toe' along fee "dusky corridor, starting back affrighted when I thought to hear a sadden footstep : Ithen emerging boldly from the m-joriliifefcto the deep gloom of the staircase, ( I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through theopea doorway "l saw the interior, red dened by fee lamplight that .streamed in flickering rays into fee entry. I myself, or my double, spirit or flesh, I know not which, ,saty the sleeping girl, , holding one of her bands in mine! I stood rooted to fee spot as if fascinate. . I watched myself as a tiger gloats over'its victim. My breath came in thick gasps as I saw myself rise slowly from the bedside, and with an expression of devilish canning pour something from a vial into a glass. I raised Emily in bed and gavev her fee medi cine. She began to fetruggle'violently, as if she divined my purpose. I held her like a vyce and forced fee- liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned upon me a look of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed wife malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death, throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt - a sickening : compression about my throat, and I awoke as before to find myself half- dressed on fee stairs wife -an empty vial in! my nerveless hands. For the second time I had been guilty of murder, and fee woman I adored had. been -my victim. I "knew feat she had died by my hand. So it after ward proved. She was dead; poisoned. In my own room fee sun danced ori fee floor. The clear day was advanced- The fresh salt air blew upon toy fevered temples. Outside birds sang joyously amid fee<trane- narent green of fo? .trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twinkling sapphire. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. , I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own souL I was damned here, doomed, to damnation for all eternity. My . spirit . . appeared to be slipping from my body as a shadow shifts from a 'darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled with death. I heard myself appeal tp God for mercy. I saw myself struggle madly. An icy chill came over me. 1 realised the fact that dis solution was imminent.- My eyes were as stone — sightless. My tongue clave to the roof of ray mouth. I gathered strength to utter one heartrending shriek — such a shriek as might have come straight from the in nermost depth of hell. Aund then came a wondrous light and change. I era 8 alone in my own room — not in New port, but in New York. I was not fee phantom doctor at all, but myself, and, with an exultant thrill, I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my fearful experiences had been naught but dreams within dreams — visions wrapped about with impenetrable and ghostly shades. PLAYING WITH A C0HP3E. Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the fol lowing : — Among the most brilliant of fee students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernay. To a general adapta bility to the science of medicine he added a coolness and nerve iu the usfe of the knife in surgical operations that made hi fee pride or the family and fee envy of his fellow - students. In coarse of time . Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which f oUowed won an appoint ment "as assistant Aargeon at one of the smaller , Dublin hospitals. He filled, this position with much success, his one fault being an insatiable thirst for scien tific investigation, which led to a prone- ness to operate -upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. Tins, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital staff, and Tiernay exposed himself to no very severe criticism iri following out, as he invariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : " When in doubt, alwavs operate."' One evening, some months after Tiernay had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends — his former fellow students at the university — were gathered in Lis room. They were chiefly occupied ia sipping lemon punch and chaffing Tieraav to their heart's content. And what do you think was fee subject of tlieir chaff Just this : The death of a woman under the knife, with Tiernay as fee, surgical operator ! Ah, my friends, hospital prar-lice blunts the feelings and makes men pretty callous ! The hospital surgeon comes to regard human, flesh as simply so much ligament and fibre ; human bone is simply so much osseous tissue. The circumstances in the case referred to by Tiemay's ' friends Were about as follow : — A woman in au advanced -state of illness had been admitted to the hospital. There were certain complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from ; a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that she could not survive, and, well — to put it bluntly — it was -charged that, in the interest of certain specific data, Tiernay had performed a \- species of .autopsy while fee patient was still alive.. The-assem bled company listened wife great interest to the medical points gleaned j : from. . this Invest jgation, and then, their ; thirst for scientific lore foxce satisfied, fee'- : chaffing had begun! - trite, poor dead patient i was foternafoly ; referred -to in .fee most J ! joffose-foalh' ;;;vas\\-. " the -'foctifo.n'd " fee j :teari 'fiefeA,im-:j seefoei to care "j ! 'fo-uch..nbp&tj;'tiie8e.. demafov'Vfoay -or.' fee i Tired atiast of feaffihgYTieragy, fee guesfo repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, " J. command ybu to arise ! " Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challenger persisting, he finally acceptea fee wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside fee corpse, which lay covered by a sheet,- and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last fee sound of fee big hospital clock was heard tolling out fee mid night hour. Tiernay rose from his chair, 'and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. " I command you to arise ! " What was feat? Eealiy he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense ! - Was he a man of science, or an old woman .with weak nerves ? Once more his voice i-ayg out, louder than "before : " I command you to arise ! " Horror upon horror ! , There could be no doubt of it this time. The corpse bad plainly stirred. With blanched face he t6re back the sheet- No, no — it could not have been ' " I command you to arise !'" As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt unright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned " the victim" back to life. Two minutes later, when Tiemay's friends burst in the room, they found hiin babbling and chuckling at fee feet of the corpse. His reason was gone : he was an idiot. Had the poor " victim ".. claimed her re venge ? Had she been momentarily gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer? 1 No ; there was no such sensational re tribution as this ! After all, I am obliged to spoil ray ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if yon search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiemay was simply the victim. of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, hnd. had. thus at a critical -moment galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study, Tiernay 's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results de scribed followed. 