OUR PARIS LETTER. FROJt OUR CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, 8th March. It Is with a childish or a cat-liko caution that tho French have ncceptcd tho invitation of Emperor AViliiam to tho International Labor ' Conference at Borlin. To helievo tho journals hero, the place of meeting was smoothing of a Blue Beard's chamber. Having accepted tho invitation, tho good sense of Foreign Affairs Minister Spuller seeing no forcito or othor explosive in the convocation, a Boulangist deputy proposed that France ought not to send any delegates to tho conference, no matter whether wide awako diplomatists or owl glaring economists. The Chamber next to unanimously repelled the absurdity, and this "union of hearts" is the nnthom of the day. The whole nffnir distinctly demonstrates tho extreme prudence of France not to bo drawn into any embarrassing position in connection with Germany that might entail bellicose responsibilities. Hence tho debate has had its utility. But tho French, though they will he represented at tho conference, will so tie up their representatives that tho latter will be as mechanical in their discussions ns clockwork ma chinery. Like Argus, their eyes must never closo. Every proposition presented at tho congress must be examined with tho most powerful microscope. France concluded that by her abstaining she might be placed in a perilous isolation ; accepting, she has to bo on her guard against two surprises : tho possible discussion of a text for international disarmament, and some revolutionary panacea for tho ills of suffering labor, that would make the sovereign of Ger many tho Emperor of tho Socialists and the mouthpiece of their collcctorist programmo. Imagine AViliiam IL aatting'out in search of the Holy Grail, with all the dissatisfied proUlaires of Europe, for true knights, in his train. His Majesty does not seem to havo any othor object in viow than indulging a generous day dream. He aims to regulate the hardships of the miners, of female and child workers in the first place, to nlloviato tho social hardships of the bread winners in tho next, and lastly, no Sunday labor. That attempt to sottlo tho number of working hours, to square the circie, has been made ere the Hohenzollern dynasty enjoyed its first cradle rock, aud will likely be as insoluble after it has been in terred as many years as the grimalkin mummies recently exported from Cairo to Liverpool for guano purposes. But that is no renson why the attempt to do something ought not to be made. It clearly shows that his Majesty and his entourage aro not well up in their European sociology, or they would have had at their fingers' end all that England has done, or, rather, all that Australia has accom plished—for sho truly leads tho van in labor legislation. The daughter has moved faster than tho mother. England is likoly to reap moro profit at tho conference than any other of tho invites. She will decline in advance to be a party to limiting the hours of work for adult labor. In' that which concerns women and children sho has since years protected them. She can point out that between Sundays, Satur day half holidays, bank holidays and other vacation kickshaws, hor working populations have some rests, somo breathing instants on the treadmill of life, and is entitled to suggest that tho Continental Powers would in somo parallel way imitato her. Nor do her toilers, free as thoy are in principle to work till they drop, wear out their lives by long hours of labor, as do Continental ouvriers. Sho could never go back, even wero it in hor power or nature to do so, to tho European system of incessant labor dribbling. So any plan that reduces tho working hours among continental protetaircs willbe a benefit to England by bringing tho conditions of competition to a moro equable level. In dropping her card then at the conferenco England has paid her rospects to the Imperial host, and may sow ideas for tho betterment of tho whito slaves of Europe. France wants the Kingdom of Dahomoy, it appears, to round off her sphere of influence in AVost Africa. After sacrificing men and money, and mowing down a good many Daliomoians, tho kingdom will becomo in duo oouise "protected," that is French. AVhat a pity that Do Brazza, or his later edition, Captain Trivier, was not sont to try and walk round the recently deceased Go-Le-Le, tho "Lion of the Lions," ns the Shah of Persia is tho " king of kings," and coax him with cotton handkerchiefs into tho beauty of being pro- tooted, as was his cousin farther east on the Congo, King Makoko. All tho presont blood shed might have been avoided. Lord Salis bury, it is said, has made it very clear to Franoe that tho British settlements at Lagos must not bo-injurod by tho new land grab ; nor will Franco be allowed to "span out" her colonial influence so as to become in time a controlling influence in the Lower Niger. It iB said tho deputies will reject tho credits to bo demandod for the conquest of Dahomoy. Not a bit of it. There is in tho Gallio temperament the desiro for territorial aggrandisement. It is not ovor the possession, but over its not self- supporting character that taxpayers growl. Only let the greatness bo gratuitous and the Gauls will not groan under tiie burden. But here is a fly in the pot of ointment. The Germans have thrown sheep's eyes ou Ashantee, the neighbor of Dahomey ; thoy want that as a compensation for the Demara land fiasco. It seems that some German dootor with blue spectacles— not Nachtingal— is missing from Fatherland, and was last heard of botanising in Ashantee. The king of the latter is called upon to give "up the prisoner or to produco the body ; if not, a Captain AVeissman will bo sent to civilise him. Tho Colonial Congress, whioh has degenerated into a mora talking club, has voted that Dahomey bo annexed as Frenoh territory. Decapitate Dahomey and so end her decapita tions. Tho samo congress has been bitter and sweet towards Do Brazza. The latter has beon hauled over tho coals by Navy-Lieutenant Mizon, who had been formerly a collaborator- explorer with the Frenchified Dalmatian. The lieutenant calls in' question tho ad ministration of tho Gaboon-Congo, as the two now form ono State, by M. De Brazza. The congress let them fight it out, but voted a resolution hoping that all companies formed for exploiting — say developing — the Gaboon- Congo would bo subordinate to the sovereignty of tho Stats and the liberty of Frenchmen. This resolution means more than it says. It is a blow levelled at tho company that Do Brazza has brought to an embryonio stage, intended to farm the Frenoh Congo by means of concessions of lands and part allooation of the revonuo of the colony. Tho Credit Fonci6r Society has so far becomo interested in the matter as to con sent to send out a surveying expedition to estimate cost of railways and other mites, and to make a Joshua report, if possible, on the resources of the country. Then if all he serene, a company with £80,000 capital will ho established. There is no reason, if managed with circumspection, and that there be no hurry on tho part of the interested to beoome rich, why such company ought not to succeod. Stanley has affirmed that the Congo basin can bo farmed profitably, and the Belgians liUvo shown how to do it. Up to the present France has really dono nothing with hor slico of tho Congo, nor will she over go ahead there, or anywhere else, so long as Frenchmen rely on their Jupiter, tho Government, for help, instead of upon their own individualism. Tho Panama Canal Company has naturally como to the front, liko an illuminated ghost, due to the return of tho commission— tho twelfth, bo the samo more or less— delegated by M. Brunct, tho liquidator of tho company, to report on the situation de visu, and to state what was best to be done. The cat must havo been lot out of tho bag prematurely, ns after tho commissioners landed in Franco—a few days ago— tho Panama shares foil 11 f. nnd have been dropping over sinco. All the reports in the world will novor restore confidence to the 410,000 Fronoh subscrjbors victimised. On the two last occasions thoy were solicited to raise the wind with a five line whip from M. do Lcsseps, but they declined to put even anothor " rod cent.," as the Americans say, into tho Danaed sieve through which all tlieir life savings had already passed. The liquidator, Mr. Brunut, lias no torrorB for the victims when he tells them that it is possible tho oanal may have to bo knocked down to foreigners. They would bo delighted could it bo foisted on the Germans ; it would be a commoncement of tho "revenge." As for John Bull, ho, it is woll known, will havo nothing to do with it. Then Undo Sam, if offered tho Road to Ruin, will domand some time to whittle before makiug a hid. At Now Caledonia, progress lias been mado. Island crime is diminishing, duo to improved disciplinary measures. AYlion a convict com- mitted a crime hitherto ho was judicially tried and sentenced to 5, 10, or 20 years' imprison! merit, with hard labor. Somo of the condemned had thus accumulated 50 years of extra "transportation," independent of the parent timo sentonco passed on them in tho mother country. One ricidivisle had accumulated penalties scoring up to 150 years. He was nicknamed "Mothuselah." Instead of this system of judicially piling centennials upon centennials, reformation has been moro rapidly brought nbaut by the cell, short com mons aud residence in tho disciplinary camp. Tho English consul at Noumea, Mr. Layard brothor of Sir A. Layard, of " tho right man in the right place" axiom, has retired on hiB pen- sion. The correspondent of the Temps states ho was muoh esteemed during his residence in New Caledonia. Ho was a distinguished conchologist it appears, and folt moro pride in the discovery of h new cockle shell than in the conquest of a Pacific Island where Britannia olono ruled the waves. Tho Colonial Congress, to which I have already alluded, in winding up its examination of Frenoh Iudo-China, resolved that what was most imperative for French interests was not to restore solvency to Saigon or prosperity to Tonkin, but to facilitate the acquisition of the French language by tho natives, and that while the Catholio missionaries deserved to be assisted by the State— what is not thought of for the mother country— that help should be given on tho understanding that the missionaries would first teach tho natives tho French language. A proverb says, this is the tonguo of Paradise, so tho congress looks to tho "future state,' truly, of the Annamitcs and the Tonkinese. AVhile on educational matters, it i3 well to mention that sinco the. lads attending the muni cipal schools havo been compelled to have their hair cropped close, and to go bareheaded as mueh n» possible, the health cf tha -cu-- roundheads has vastly improved. Tho Christ's Hospital boys attest the advantage of the convict clip and uncovered skull ; but many attribute their good health to their yellow stockings and long coats. Foundling hospitals have been abolished iu Franco sinco several years, nod tho agitation to restore them has collapsed, or perhaps has beon rendered unnecessary by a modernised form of that infnntilo Oubliette. The great plague of tho foundling hospital was that married women dropped their doxies into tho turnstile basket, thus defeating the aim of tho institution — tho recoption of tho infants of girl mothers, so as to destroy the incentive to abortion and infanticide, prompted by tho sonso of shame that the mothers were ruined for life. The municipal oouncil of Paris has founded a Bureau d'abundon, which the departments aro adopting, in a quiet out of the way quarter, near the Obscrvatoire, but where no observation can be made on tho mother, tho midwife, or tho fomalo rclativo, who comc3 early in tho morning, or late in tho evening, to deposit a little stranger. In a room sob apart for the purpose, and occupied by a woman, no eyo or ear than hers, the baby is given to her, with any infor mation, or none at all, the comer ehooses to supply. That woman is excused by the courts from revealing tho secrets entrusted to her. Sho tells tho person who brings tho child that once left it can never be hers again ; or, if she un- dertakes to nurse it, the municipality will make her a weekly grant, subject to its rules for in spection. This humane plan has ended " baby farming" ; or "angel making," as thi French call mercantile infanticide. The Cardinal Archbishop of Paris has issued a- pastoral prohibiting the faithful from en couraging or practising cremation. No Catholit is to havo tho last rites who desires to be cal cined. For the archbishop to substitute incine ration for burial is to aid the triumph oi materialism. Strange human nature, it is woman, always religious— tho last at tho cron and the first at tho grave — who is tho " warm est " partisan of cremation. The Russian church is neither pro nor con respecting calcination. Reuan s opinion is this: "As I do not believe is the resurreotion of the dead, it matters little tt mo personally whether I he burned, interred oi given as pasture to Tower of Silence birds." Hi weighs 18 st.— what a chance for tho. Bombaj vultures. If burial be sad, burning is more so, He states that, in Brotagne, when an old woman loses a tooth she goes to' tho churchyard and burns it, lest it might put Providence ou resurrection day to inconvenience to discover that missing link of her body. When Louis Philippe called to tnlce farewell of Princo Talleyrand, a short hour before his death, the king asked him, "How do you feel, prince 1" " Sire, I feel as if I was all on fire." " litjd I" 