A SUPERNATURAL DISCLOSURE OF MURDER. In a dilapidated portion of the Eastern Cemetery of Cuthbert, Ga., on a weather- beaten slab (says the St. Louis Globe-Demo- crat) may be seen the inscription : — " Sacred to the memory of Jim Brown." Nothing in this to attract attention; not even the date of birth or time of death is given. The spot is not known to one-fourth of the citizens of the town, familiar as they are with every incident connected with its history. In 1866 there was stationed at Cuthbert a company of Federal soldiers as regulators and general, supervisors of the people of the surrounding country. Colonel Williamson, a rnan of feeling and discretion, was in command. Under him was Lieutenant Charles Murphy, a young man who was courteous and oblig- ing. Lieutenant Murphy had a brother in Blakely, who was also an officer in his com- pany. The Blakely officer received orders from his superior officer one day to proceed on foot, in citizen's clothes, to Cuthbert, where he would receive the funds necessary to pay off the company for the quarter past. In Cuthbert he spent the night in his brother's tent, and early the next morning set out on the return trip. About six miles out he stopped at a neighbouring farm to rest. While here he disclosed the object of his journey, and told of the money on his person. Among those present was Jim Brown, a farm hand. Poor and friendless, filled with the idea that it was no harm to kill a Yankee, he set about laying plans to get the young officer out of the way and to secure the booty." Where are you travel- ling " said Brown. " To Blakely," replied the lieutenant. "Then you are wrong, my friend. This road will never get you there, and the further you go the further away you will be." "Indeed !" said the officer, in surprise; "how can I reach the right road?" " I'll agree to put you straight for a quarter," Brown replied. After some pre- liminaries the two started out, Brown in the lead. Murphy following. They left the Blakely highway, and by taking to the woods and fields succeeded in reaching the swamp of a small muddy branch. This. Brown said, they would have to cross. At an opportune time, just as it looked when no one was near, Brown stepped aside and al- lowed the Federal to pass in front. Then, by a dexterous and quick movement, he drew a pistol and fired, the ball striking a vital point and producing instant death. It was but the work of a moment to secure the money and depart. It was not long before a posse secured Brown and lodged him in gaol at Cuthbert. A few of the company secured the prisoner, and placing a rope around his neck, swung him on the most convenient limb. Colonel Williamson ran up with a knife in hand and cut him down. He then placed a special guard around him, and at the first opportunity sent him to Macon, where he was tried, convicted, and hanged. But now comes the strangest part of the story. The night after the murder, the dead man's brother, peacefully sleeping in his tent, was awakened by a violent fluttering of the cloth sides. They made such a noise that he could not sleep with their flap, flap, flap. It was a perfectly calm, clear, bright moonlight night, as still as still could be. Not a sound could be heard save the noise of the cloth tent. The young lieutenant arose and walked outside. At once the noise ceased. It must have been a fancy of the imagination, thought he, and he turned in, but not to sleep. After attiring himself in his uniform he sat down on his bunk to think. Some thing seemed to weigh upon his mind. An hour passed, and the soldier turned over and fell asleep. Again he was awakened by the noise of the cloth tent, as though in the midst of a violent storm. This time he went outside. Standing in the shadow of a large tree was the figure of a man beckoning him that way. He approached. When he drew nearer he discovered that it was his brother. He told him that he was in trouble a few miles from town, and he desired him to return immediately with him to the spot. The tone and gesture were sufficient guarantee of earnestness, and the two set out at once. Silently they walked the highway together. Then they turned off through fields and woods until the branch was in sight. Now slowly they walked down the hill into the swamp, when lo and behold! the man who was in trouble suddenly vanished, and at the feet of Lieutenant Charles Murphy lay the cold, stiff body of his brother. Unable to comprehend the terrible mystery, weak and terrified, he returned to town in the early morning. The youug officer told his expe- rience as best he could. A party was sent out to scour the country and ascertain its truthfulness. Acting upon what had been told, it was not long before they brought in the body of the dead Yankee, aud thereby secured a perfect chain of evidence which convicted Jim Brown of the crime. 