X - Ec&oei.; j; ~ '' A CORRECTION. ^ There is an old story, which has its humprous side, about the conjugal infelicity of a couple, the weaker member at last seeking the' protection of the law. The magistrate, a kindly sort of being, gave the unfortunate woman a lecture full of sententious wisdom, and advised her to give her husband another chance,;, and, to add emphasis to his words quoted the Scriptural proverb, by so doing she would ,'. heap coals of fire' on his head. 'Ah1!- your worship,'- she rejoined, 'I don't think it would be any use. I've tried boiling water already.' Now, I've tried a gentle reminder to your proof reader about making me appear ridiculous by putting in words which in my M.S. are absent, and I am trying to think of some more drastic remedy, which might possibly bear a scriptural sanction. But I think in vain. I must, therefore, ask the significant question— Is he in love? For,- if so, I can understand fully his [aches, and forgive^ them. For instance, iri'my.last ' echoesj' he makes me say^the Australian Eleven are not ?' sufficiently' represented,' instead of ' representative'; that Sir Henry' indulged his ' political proclivities,' instead of his ' poetical proclivities' ; whilst my orthography, in one or two places, would be sufficient to send the ghost of my old and revered schoolmaster back to the grave, with ex clamations not half as musical as those of Signor Hazon's orchestra in the ' Dance of Death.' I 'may be up your way shortly when the railway line is secure, and will have an interview with your, 'reader.' RELIABLE INFORMATION.!, In his lecture on protection, 'Mr. Henry Georgegave a few hints regarding America that freetraders and protectionists alike will do well to ponder deeply. '?' Mr.'George has not ' been 'simply a visitor to the United States ; he has spent the major portion of his life there, and his informa tion' is nofthat of the-'' tourist;1' it is that of the intelligent citizen. But it was really amusing to be told, as Mr. George told his audience, that it was stated by the '- protectionist ? advocates during the last presidential campaign ^that it would never 'do' to 'allow Australian'* wool to' be admitted free into the United States — it would be unfair— because the Australian squatters employed ^the ^native blacks as shearers at' starvation wages ! What next? Mr..George will .be able to tell a difterent^story-jwhen /he returns! To'iis who know the truth \ the -above- fiction is very* funny! ,-.rIt ..tickles -one's risible faculties', and- onensnhcliried-'to'forgive the inventive and unveracious protectionist Yankee because of the hearty laugh he has provoked. .-«?;/ - '?'*?. ? '' ?'' ? ' , 8. l 