MODERN FORTUNE-TELLING. (r.ONDO.Y SPECTATOR). It is necessary, wo suppose, us well us right* to punish fortune-telling for money. Quo has always an idea, after reading the pro* ceedings before the magistrate*, as if good powder anu shot wore being thrown away for nothing, and as if tho progress of intelligence would of itself extinguish that particular variety of misdemeanour. Wo do not hang witches any longer, nobody can precisely say why, and tho bumkins who affirm, ns they still do non' and then, that Mother So-and-So has “ overlooked” their children or their pigs, receive no help from tho llcnch, beyond a sharp little lecture, whioh they do not understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if they have stuck pins into Mother So-and-So on tho faith of her'witchhood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have set firo to her black cat, they aro finod, ns if their offeuco had not been dictated by ouo of tho most auciunt of all beliefs. Still, a fortuno-toller who takes mouey is a swindler, usually u couscious swindler, aud fouls must ho pro tected against swindlers; whilo there is some- : thing to bo said for tho idea that tho legal condemnation of folly helps to make it a ; littlo more raro. Tho men who passed tho Act intended it, wo fancy, not so much for tho protection of servant-girls, curious about the comploxion of their future lovers, as for tho punishmont of a land of blasphemy closely connected with tho worship of tho evil otic; but still, the Act hurts no inuoeont person, aud it does tend to check a particu larly injurious kind of lying. . There novor was a timo when fortune tolling in drawing-rooms was so rifo, or apparently so much believed in. Society rojeots astrology altogether, not, wo fancy, for St. Augustino's unanswerablo reasons, bat because it so rarely’ sees or thinks of tho stars; aud it has got beyond dreams, whioharo ; supposed tobo a result of indigestion, and to he curable by nitrute-of-ailver pills, -*r it may | be by* nux vomica ; aud the drinkert >f leu at ■r) o’clock aro in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely* to cud some day in a possible appearance of ghosts ; so they devote themselves to rather more inane forms of divination. Sometimes tho inquirer’s fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensiblo, as there is in hand writing a littlo ovidcmic of character, though I not much, the slightest inaptitude of the I lingers or defect of eyesight depriving tho | manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also that writer’s resolve to ! write a conventional hand. Tho most reso lute person wo know writes a niggling scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if of anything, of weak indecision ; whilo women with watery minds pour out those minds in nuumscript which l*ord Palmerston, whowroto a Circular Order com manding uuciul English, would lmvo pro nounced perfection. Somotimun, again, revo lution is sought from tho lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind—that is a separate folly—but tho lines, for whioh tho seekers might, if thoy know anything about it, plead very ancient warrant. Priests who wore wiso or foolish, ngos before the Sibyl endeavoured , to sell her books, convinced tbomsolves that ovory mau’a destiny was recorded by tho foreseeing powers upon hia frontal bone, aud drowned that, if tho spectator only pon dered enough, ho could discern his visitor’s fortune as clearly as his temper or his com parativo intelligence. Tho drawing-room, however, knows nothing of that, and only guesses by a rulo which, one observes, favours tho foreheads that ruck rather than tho foreheads that aro smooth. It is not a had way, if bothsoxes are present, of mukiug love without being too explicit; but it involves severo staring, and severe staring wjyx*ft Modorn_socict^qj^?0ii'*/ divination by ffieVorohead is thoroforo usually discarded in favour of divinatiou by tho hand. The gipsies aro avongod for ages of ridioulo and penultios, aud palmistry is a rage. Every body who has timo to waste knows some thing of it, and thoro aro regular adopts— Indies somo of thorn—who make out of their proficiency regular, though, wo four, only temporary, incomes. Thoy tell first tho in quiver’s character, about which they often make shrewd hits, okoing out tho result of nttentivo observation, or hints gathored within tho room by tho use of cer tain common forms, invented, wo imagine, for tho behoof of thoao advertisers who proraUo full revelations of character for a , shilling's-worth of stamps. Somo of those I common forms aro really very clever, their | object bciug ilatfcery in disguise, flattery not I of tho common sort, but uddressed to tho , foibles concealed in tho majority of mankiud. 1 No man, for instance, is told that ho is weak; ( hut a groat many are informed that thoy have a strength of purposo not suspected by their frionds, or an inner hardness whioh may soring oithor from rectitude or selfishness. No woman is over assured that she is spiteful; but sho is often told that she usually acts under a senso of duty, aud that she is even too affectionato — a useful advertisement when it is read uloud. Tho character discussed, tho fortimo follows, aud at this point tho observer will often notico an odd peculiarity. Tho magician wishes only to mako his or her prophooies definite, for it is only tho detinito whioh is impressive, ami duliuiteness is quito safe, for nobody, however sceptical, oun dony that any fortuno is possible in tho distant future. The I inquiror may become rich, though sho is I poor ; her lovor may be dark, though sho praters blondo people ; and sho may live to bo ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the sibyl will shine in her memory as a prophetess, while if sho does not she and bor friends will havo forgotten tho unfulfilled prediction. Hut tho passion for guessing by rulo is a very poteut one, aud occasionally, wo more tliau suspect, masters tho seer, who thou becomes hopelessly inconsistent, the tilings he or she wishes to predict gottiug mixed with tho things whioh, according to tho rulo, ought to be predicted. It is desired I to prophesy woalth, but tho lines of tho 1 palm moan poverty, or tho.liuos of the wrist—an extension of tho art at which wo fancy tho forgotten Hindoos or fire- worshipping, Chaldeans,' who. invented tho whole business, would have smiled—and so tlio prodiction comes out as poverty, to bo followed byuuoxpcotcdgood fortuuo. It is a silly garno, but not without its mischiofs. There is a kind of sceptical credulity which is most characteristic of our day, when pcoplo will boliovo auythiug except revolution, aud think a wizard ft far raoro likely being to exist than any sort of angel; and wo fuuoy many alistoner finds his or hor judgment of character warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledgod derived from something moro to be trustod than ex perience. Predictions, too, stick in tho mind, and work their own fulfilment, some times with effects which aro soriously in jurious. The practice, too, though it would be folly to mako too much of it, bus un doubtedly ouo offect which on many minds is far from beneficial. It develops that tusto for tho indulgence of weak wonder which of all intellectual foibles is tho ono that mo*t enfeobles the eharuotor, prematurely debauching as it does the nobler instincts of rovoreneu and faith. Tho fibre of tho mind is weakened, and tho “open inquirer” bccomos liable to a mental disease which may bo best described as iinbeoile credulity, credulity which is not faith, and is as imporviouB to oviaoneo as water covered with a film of oil is impervious to air. Tho spiritualists, when thoy aro sincere, at all ovonts seek something worth seeking, con eroto ovideiico of a*future state; but tho devotees of these methods of guessing havo ziot oven tho excuso of an ond. If thoy could soo into tho future, thoy would bo in no way the gainers, for tho very condition of its being tho future is that thoy can neither hurry nor re tard nor in auy way alter it. It has boon eaid by keen observers that ouo startling sign of tho approaching fall of u society is the nso in it of scepticism and superstition at onca; and though wo.aro not .pessimists about England, whoro endleas,' symptoms appear which aro only, skin-doep, it .wak coctaiuly Yruo boforo Romo foil and boforo tho Revolu tion dngulfed tho admirers of CaglioBtro.;,*.. 