DO DEAD MEN DREAM ' A COMB natures TO me Sen ACU of Giiosis (1 et tew ti/ / el tait. ) Messrs. Trubner and Co publish twice a your a plain unpretending looking volume in a green paper back. It bears the unat triKitivo airline of " Proceedings of the Society for Psychical Research." This dull fine covers it mine of the most sensational articles issued from the periodical Press. There are fifty pages of the present number written by Mr. F. W. H. Myers, which outdo in interest almost any filly pages which have been printed recently. They are entitled, " On recognised apparitions occurring more than a year after death," and they consist of a collection ol'woll-authoiiti cated ghost stories, upon which Mr, Myers HERBOS a theory that apparitions are in reality the dreams of the local men, and can be explained scientifically by the analogy of' telepathy. WHAT IS A a HOST? Mr. Myers dismisses as unscientific The popular conception of highest as a (load person permitted to communicate with the living. His definition of a ghost is that it is a manifestation of persistent personal energy, and that it is a residue of the force of energy which the man generated while he was still alive, which clings to the locality in which he spent his existance. He argues plausibly that the best key to the laws governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to be suggested by studying the laws which govern the manifestation of spirits while in the flesh. " Two such laws I believe to exist,, In the first place, I believe that tolormthy-the transference of thought through other than sensory channoln- exists both as between embodied spirits and as between embodied and disembodied spirits. I hold that appa- rations after death result from the continued exercise of the same energy by the spirits of the departed. " And in the second place I regard it as analogically probable that ghosts' must therefore as a rule represent, not conscious or central currants ol'intolligoneo, but more automatic projections from consciousness which have their centres everywhere." A 111511) IWAN'llllRAMINO OF HIS SKELETON. This is somewhat obscure, but it is boiler illustrated by the extraordinary story of the well-authenticated discovery of a skeleton by a revolution in a drouin. " A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Scotch farmhouse. His body is carried out and hastily buried in the open field. For forty years The murdered man retains some consciousness of this tragedy. He broods over the fact of his death in that room, his internment in that stony hillock. At last the bedroom is occupied by a man sensitive to the peculiar influence which, on our hypothesis, those breeding of deceased persons diffuse. The dream of the dead passes into the dream of the living. It persists in -'s mind with UiOyHiimo intensity us in the murdered man's own imagination. The purpose once achieved the discovery made -the obsession ceases. " And at any rate this conception of a dead man's dream-of a probably unconscious gravitation of some fraction of. his disembodied entity towards his old associa- tions flowing of some backwater of his being's current into criminals familiar long ago-will Horvo to supply a fairly coherent conception of the meaning of those vague hauntings into which, as we have seen, our narratives of recognised post-mortem ap- paritions imperceptibly glide." THE ANATOMY OF THE HM'CTIUC LATE. This story of a dead man's dream is as weird as any professional wizard over invented. It is somewhat difficult to trans- late the conception into language which can be understood by those not familiar with the technical phraseology of psychical researchers. But if we might make a bold effort we should say that it amounts to a theory that a man does not die altogether, and pass totally into a different state of being. A certain shadowy semblance of himself lingers behind, which, when the dead man elsewhere dreams of his old life, assumes a more palpable shape, and occasionally become visible to the eyes of mortals, as the slender filament of the in- candescent lamp becomes luminous when the electricity is turned on. SOME AUTHENTIC GHOSTS. Of this several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr. Myers. One story is told by an American commercial traveller, which describes how his sister appeared to him, nine years after her death, at noon- day. The peculiarity of this ghost was that the brother saw upon his sister's face a red scratch which he had never seen during her lifetime. He hastened home and told the story to his parents. His mother was at once thrown into a state of profound consternation, and confessed while laying out the corpse she had inadvertently scratched the face, and had hidden the fact from every human being until the appari- tion of her daughter's ghost bearing the scratch on her cheek compelled her to confess what had happened. Another story tells how an old Lady Carnarvon, who died in 1820, appeared in her house lit Petworth some eleven years later. A very curious story in told, in Dale Owen's " Footfalls," of a washerwoman's ghost who persistently haunted another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a priest who would pay 8s. 10d., which she owed to' K someone not mentioned. Following up this clue it was found that she actually did owe 'to, 3s. 10d. to a grocer. The sum was paid, and the hauntings ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is said to have been seen writing as lately as 1867, in the Chateaivde Fra gins, near Nyon, in Switzerland. Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these cases the apparition is due to something like the working out of a post hypnotic suggestion. WHY GHOSTS HAUNT PLACES. A " Thus we may conceive a murdered, man, for instances, as feeling persistently that he ought not to have been murdered that his existence should still be continuing in his earthly home. And if his apparition is seen in that home, we need not say that he is condemned to walk there,' but rather that his memory of his dream goes back irresistibly to the scene to which in a sense he feels that he still belongs. I say ' his memory or his dream ;' but it is, of course, possible that neither word may suggest a close parallel to what actually occurs. There may be a deeper severance in the personality of the dead. There is nothing per se improbable in the idea that our personality-so much more fractionally even during our earthly life than we were wont fo imagine should be susceptible! when liberated from the body, of still pro- founder divisions. For the present, however, it seems better to keep to more, familiar analogies, and to use the word ' dream' as the wildest term available a though, of course, without assuming that the defendant is in any sense asleep." It is evident that, if Mr. Myers is right, we shall have to reconstruct the whole of our theory of personality. in..' 