The Factory Girl. (Commenced in the Evening Nswb, Sept. 3.). We return 'to the hall .ttie novelist had just been taken from. Its occupants had. gone into various groups, and were buey laughing and conversing together j but the captain, with Keeley, little Tip,, Heavy Ben, Radio, and Bushby Bill, had drawn aside to a corner near the fire, and were speaking to each other in ^Low and earnest tones. ?* Aye, Aye, captaiw, she's in famous trim,' said Eudio, in answer to a question which the leader had just asked him. ' Then if the infonnatien doesn't come naturally, it shall be forced from him or he shall die,' muttered the captain through his clenched teeth. ' Shall we do him up to-night,' asked Rudio. ' No, I think not,' returned the captain. ' Better take but one leg ; perhaps that may be enough to frighten him into frank ness. If not we'll take the other leg to morrow.' They rose and left the hall, the others taking little or no notice of their de parture. The conversation had occurred close to the fire, at which sat the little, consump tive boy, and it seemed to interest him deeply, for he fixed his large, unearthly ayes on each several speaker, and strange Bhades of feeling flitted over his face. But when they departed from the hall, he turned again to the fire, and gazed into its depths with his old, wondering look. Hugh, the Icnif e-grinder, had spent all ihe day in his dismal chamber under ground. Hudio had come down regularly with his meals of bread and water, and in the course of the afternoon had spent more . than an hour in oiling and rubbing the rust of£ the instrument of torture, or Govan Bess, as it had been baptised by the gang. This piece of work he performed with iiuge delight, casting, as he did so, many i glances or deep meaning towards Hugh, who lay upon his couch in silence. Hudio had been gone for a long time, and no sound broke the deep and terrible stillness ; but at length dull sounds came from the neighboring chamber. This was when the novelist had eatered it, along With the old gentleman in brown. These sounds over, the old, unbroken silence succeeded, during which Hugh had found it difficult to battle with his own thoughts, for he had an instinctive idea that . his hour of sore trial was drawing near. x He was not mistaken. Suddenly a sharp sound was heard overhead, and a stream of light darted down into the chamber, falling weirdly on its black walls and the pillars of the iron frame. The working of the windlass was next discernible, and the fitful light became more fitful as the aperture was partially closed by the descending board, laden with two men. They having stepped off, it ascended, and two others were brought down. Again it went up, and went back with one only, at site of whose ox-like body and brutal countenance Hugh shuddered, for never had ha seen human being so like a ferocious monster. This was Heavy Ben. The next who came down was the. cap tain himself, who, the moment he came to the floor, took one of the torches, and, approaching the iron frame, examined it closely. ** Ha, Kudio, you have done your work ?well,' he said, as he ran his hand over the various handles, now shining bright in the ruddy light. ' Aye, aye, captain, I did it with right good -will.' *' Faith, my lad, Govan Bess has not been 80 spruce for many a long day.' He turned from the frlme and ap proached the couch on which Hugh lay, and regarded him sternly and silently for a few moments. , ' Now, old man, you don't deserve an other chance, but I'll give you one. Say where Sal and the girl are and you shall be put upon the Trongate scatheless.' 'I wad deserve tae be put upon the Trongate wi' my tongue cut oot if I did,' responded Hugh with quiet determination. ' Obstinate fool,' muttered the captain. Then he exclaimed aloud, ' Ben, bring him along.' Ben, with a growl of satisfaction, threw himself on the knif egrinder j and, catch ing him in his arms, dragged, or rather carried, him from the couch to where the instrument of torture stood. Then Rudio, removing the shoe from Hugh's right foot, rolled up the leg of his trousers, and placed the leg up to the knee in a square cavity within the frame. He turned a screw, and the iron plates which formed the walls of the cavity came together till they pressed against Hugh's leg on both sides. ' Slowly,' muttered the captain. *' Now, *re you ready ?' Rudio nodded. The captain stood before their victim, and held a blazing torch to his face. It was pale but firm j and the captain felt an eye turned upon him which spoke of no faltering of purpose. ' Work,' he said, with a slight nod to Kudio. The man turned the handle he held, and the pressure on the leg beeame great and excruciatingly painful. : Still. ^Hugh flinched not, only a flush came into1 his pale face, and veins rose up on his forehead. Rudio looked at the captain, and the latter nodded again. ' The handle tuined,xbndasharp cry broke from the captive's lips. 'Ha, you will tell now !' roared the captain, bending forward with triumphant eagerness. ,????? ' Never,' muttered Hugh, faintly, yet firmly. ' ? - ' Smash it !' thundered the captain. Rudio gave the handle a few rapid turns, and several cracks were heard. The small . bones were . breaking as the leg was being crashed within the narrow iron walls'. '?.-.?-?? The blood forsook Hugh's face till it be came .white as a linen ^heet— he heaved a long sigh— and fainted; Nature,. more merciful than man, drew around the heart of the agonised sufferer the gentle curtains of oblivion, and relieved him of the exquisite torture. :. His eyeball started for an instant, then a dull film ] settled on them, and they dos^,'%Msle his head fell down, to one sideV''' ''' ~ -?=-—'—-?— ? ' That will do, Rudio,' said the captain,: with perfect coolness. -« That leg, at all; events, will serve him little for the next f'^ weeks,' - . - Rudio, with the same coolness, reversed the handles of the frame^ when the aper ture widened and permitted the leg to be drawn out. Heavy Ben, who still held Hugh in his arms, lifted him as if he had' been a child; and bore him in. blisful un consciousness to the couch — the crashed and bleeding limb hanging powerlesBly down. 'Do you think he'll hold out lofiger, Rudio?'* asked- the captain, as he stood with folded arms in the front of the coach, attentively regarding the pals and blood less face of the knifegrinder. 'Don't know, captain,' returned the man. ' Never saw any one eo brave in the arms of Govan Bess. But a look at the marks ehe has left may make him change his mind a bit. I've a notion that he'll not want his otheT peg embraced in the same way.' ' We shall wait till to-morrow night, at any rate. Dash some cold water on his face,' and leave him to cr*nre to his senses, I should think he'll not want any supper lads. Come up after me and we shall go to ours. Keeley insists on treating us since we bave got Vn-m out of quod.' ' Hurrah,' shouted - the men, ? as the captain sprang Jightly on the board and ascended. . . At the same instant Rudio dashed a quantity of water in Hugh's face, which produced a quick, shuddering1 start over his frame. - ' Ah, fce'll vcome to nbw, I'lt^axrant,' he muttered. :?-** Well, I shouldn^ -like -to be him to- night. However7,?'!*!!- not be unmerciful neither,' he addecL,;ai he sat down the pitcher of water ^'oiL the. floor near to the pallet. By this time all the men had gone aloft but himself, and the board was coming down for him; he therefore got upon it, and likewise left the chamber. The hatch fell, the last ray from the darting torch was excluded; and Hugh lay in the now solitary dungeon struggling back into consciousness. Fitfully and by gleams did recollection return. The soul, with its thinking powers, was making its way from the realms of forgetfulness. It was re conquering- its invaded territory 5 getting the slow mastery of the foe that had. suddenly assailed, - surprised, and carried 5 it captive ; asserting its right to operate in consciousness and intelligence. Ah ! but such a victory was to be followed j-y much -anguish to its possessor. While the soul lay prostrate arid paralysed by 'the sudden onset o£ the foe, Hugh knew not of his strained and tortured nerves, nor the burning .march of the fever as it made its way through his body. All these were to be experienced when the mind came again to its kingdom. . : . . With a flash, at last the monarch mind vaulted into its throne, and Hugh began to think, to remember, and to feeli1 : His first sensation was that of 'a parched throat— the racking fever , was already, coursing tnrough his veins. . , .. ... ? All was silent and dark in that building devoted - to sin ; and crime, when a thin, ghost-like figure groped its way through, the uninhabited.-ehambers under ground, and paused wheitt it.came^to'the Mloorofihe trap. '?'? '':; . ??* ''?'? ? -': ' ' Presexttly there '??' T^ereJ sounds of 'flint striking . against steel,; and : sparks flew out 5 then there was a blaze, and a burn ing torch lighted up the place, and revealed the f orm/of the pale, consumptive boy, with a dark cloak draw-n., round his emaciated body in many folds. ??„..?. %, . The long, thin, and very white fingers grasped the torch, and he held it along the. wall, peering^intcTe very crevice, till he caught eight pf a large key lying in one, and the moment he saw it his large and lustrously bright eyes shone out beams of pleasure. He drew it forth, and softly and tremblingly put it, into the lock of the door. He tried to turn it with one hand, but he could not; then, laying tiie torch on the floor, anH- propping it up with stones, he took,both hands and strove to get it round. Poor boy, his strength was not great, and he failed to accomplish his object. A shadow of deep distress came over his speaking countenance, and fearfully he looked round the shadowy chamber lest any human eye should be watching He saw nothing, however — -nothing but the flitting shapes which the torch cast slantingly upon the floor and along the wall. ? Turning to the door he tried again, and, putting forth his limited strength to the utmost, clasping the big eye of the key till his finger veins started, he gathered in as much wind as his wasted lungs would hold, and pressed till a bright flush broke on his cheeks and large drops stood on his brow. ........ Suddenly it yielded, and went round with, a noise which was startling in the silence. Again he looked ? round and listened ; but no noise, not even a rustle, reached his ear. Heaving a sigh of relief, he stood still /for a few moments till his laboring chest should be calmed down a little j then ? taking up the torch, he drew one or two iron bolts which secured the door on the outside. Next, he pulled, and the door swing back, when J;h;e flickering rays of the torch penetrated into the interior, and discovered the* novelist in the attitude of eager ex pectation. The boy stood on the threshold for a few minutes, gazing steadily at the inmate of the dungeon, aad the novelist remembered the strange, weird «yes he liad before got a glimpse of. S6 surprised was he by the apparition, that he . stood like a stone, having no power to -do anything but look upon the figure which had thus- unex pectedly appeared before him. (TO BE iCONTINUBD. 