THE BKOICEN HILL SCANDAL. History, repeats itself ; so does human na ture, and especially just now it may be said — not in the usual 'tedious repetition' sense — Parliamentary human nature. It cannot have been forgotten, though it is astonishing how soon such things do seem to be forgotten, how the last Parliament terminated its inglorious existence, under what a thick cloud of scandal and sus picion it gave up the welcome ghost, and a similar evil end seems to await the present one. Then it took the dissolution of a ' strong' Government, as well as of the Houee, and a couple of Royal Commissions to clear the air, after all very imperfectly, for the strong Government or the best part of it, its head, was soon back again stronger than ever, and does not the Hon. John Daviea still politicaUy live ? Now the case is somewhat different, not to say, very much; worse. Again the thick cloud has gathered, but this time not over the Q-overnment benches merely but ove*; the whole House, from Mr. Speaker in the chair to the most insignificant hon. gentleman on the cross* benches — if, indeed, there can be said to be any such offensive degrees of peraonal comparison where the significance of all votes (in cash or shares) is equal. No member can be more insignifi cant than another in that sense whose vote may be sold and bought, and the charge against the House, both from within and without itself, is that there has been a wholesale attempt upon ita virtue in that way, in the matter of the Broken Hill 'Water Supply Bill, not always without success The latest and most specific instance was the charge so savagely hurled by the depart ing Mr. Crick against the Speaker, Mr. J. P. Abbott (who, by the way, was the first some months ago to begin the livelv little game himself) and the Chairman of Committees of having pocketed respectively £2000 and £1000 of good Broken Hill silver for their services, which, doubt less, if it stood alone, might go for no more than the surrounding circumstances were worth. Mr. Crick was making his second compulsory exit the same evening from tha House, and perhaps when a man has been bundled out twice on the same night, whether from Parliament or a pot- house, it should not be surprising what he says. But Mr. Crick's parting shot does not stand alone. It is the most direct but still only oneof many charges that for months past in connection with this matter have been flying about the House. As we said, the Speaker, Mr. Abbott, before he attained that dignity, was one 0,? the first to set the evil rumour flying which so strangely at last has settled on himself. Some months ago he more than hinted, not indeed that hon. members had been bribed by the Broken Hill Syndicate, of which he is or was, we believe, the legal representative, but — still worse, if possible — that many of them had attempted to blackmail that body by threatening to vote againBt the bill unless they were bribed. It is true he afterwards qualified this hint into mere ' Melbourne tittle tattle,' but it was a hint not lost, it would seem, upon hon. members, for forthwith we began to hear oa every side of cases in which the unholy bargain had either been attempted or. actually carried out. One hon. and learned gentleman at once complained that he had been ' ap proached' distinctly with improper intent, and on an ' outsider,' Mr. A. Q-. Taylor, venturing to say iu his paper that there were other hon. gentlemen not so particular he was summoned to the bar of the House only to repeat the charge and dare the House to follow the matter up. Well, the Houee, though the charge has since been reiterated by some of its own most respectable members, has not followed the matter up. It might rather be supposed to have forgotten all about it, since, covered with suspicion as it was, it passed the bill by a large majority, till the outbreak of the late member for West Macquarie revived the whole scandal, when it contented itself with denounc ing that particular outrage as ' highly disorderly and a gross breach of the privilege of this House.' So, of course, it was, and we should be the last to excuse in any way the ejected member's conduct, but it was also only saying in a grosser and more direct way of two individual members of the House what hon. members all round had for some time been saying of each other. Such a charge would never have entered, probably, even Mr. Crick's excited head if the air, as we said, had not been full of similar scandal, and in dealing with such a matter, reflecting so deeply on its own honour, the House should, not simply stand on its dignity against one outrageous accuser, but by the fullest, most searching inquiry establish against all accusers, as we have little doubt such inquiry would, its absolute innocence. Otherwise, the Premier's high-flown notion that the charges are ' not worth notice' notwithstanding, much of this self-thrown mud must stick. It is the House bearing witness, false or otherwise, against itself, and false in the main, if not wholly, as we may be very willing to think it, if the House should still be content to rest under such a general cloud of shame ful suspicion, 'what wonder if the public suspicion should come to be that ifc knows it to be deserved ? 