HOW THE ZULUS EIGHT. By H. Kideu IIagg.vhi). Concluded from ki.«l week. Now tko Zulus, running in the ahapo of a bow so its to wrap tho laager round on three : sides, wore fvithiu seventy yards, mnl now from ovory waggon broke tongues of tiro. Over rolled a number of the Umtetwa, but thu rust : cared little. Forward they sped straight to the laager, striving to force it way in. But tho Boers plied them with volley alter volley, and, packed us the Zulus wore, the elephant guns, loaded with slugs and .small shot did frightful execution. Only one man even got on to a waggon, and as lie did so 1 saw it Boer woman strike* him on the head with an axe. Ho foil down, and slowly, amid howls of derision frjmthotwo lines on the hill-side, the Zulus drew back. ** Let us go, father !” shouted the soldiers on the slope, among whom 1 was, to their chief, who had come up. “ You have sent out the little girls to light, and they are frightened. Lotus show them the way.’’ ♦‘No, no!” the chief Susur.it answered, laughing. Wait a minuto and the little girls will grow to women, aud women are good enough to light against Boors !” The attacking Zulus hoard tho mockery'of ,-«»*Ip. fnllnvim,.m,iU-u*W:-. roar. But the Boevs in the laager lmd found timu to load, and they mat with a warm recep tion. Reserving their fire till the Zulus wero packed like sheep in a kraal, they luofo.i into thorn witn tho roers, and thu warriors foil in littlo heaps. But I saw that tho blood of tho Umtctwas was up; they did not mean to bo beaten buck this time, and tho end was near. Seo 1 six men had leapt on to a waggon, slain tho man behind it, and sprung* into tho laager. They wero killed there, but others followed, aud then I turned my bead. But I could not shut my oars to tho cries of rage and doath, aud tho terribly 6*/;^*/ «SV/iV! of tho savages as they did their work of murder. Once only I looked up mid saw poor Hans Bertha standing on a waggon smiting down men with tho butt of liis rifle. Then assegais shot up towards him liko tongues of steel, and whon I looked again ho was gone, I turned sick with fear and rage. But ulus! what could I do Y They were all dead now, and probably my own turn was coming, only my death would not be so swift. Tho fight was ended, and tho two lines on tho slope broke their order, and moved down to tho laager. Presently we wuro there, and a dreadful sight it was. Many of the attacking Zulus wore dead—quite litty I should say, and at least a hundred and fifty wero wounded, sotno of them mortally. The chief Sususa gave an order, thu dead men wore picked up and piled in a heap, while those \\\ ho were slightly hurt walked off to find some one to tie up their wounds. But the more serious cases mot with a different treatment. Tho chief or quo of his indiums considered each case, and if it was in any way had, tho man was taken uji and thrown into tho river which ran near. None of them offered any objection, though one poor fellow swam to shore again. He did not stop there long, however, for they pushed him back and drowned him by force. Tho strangest eusu of all was that of tho chief’s own brother. Ho huil been captain of tho line, and his unklo was smashed by a bullet. Sususa came up to Ittm, and, having examined tho wound, rated him soundly for failing in tho first onslaught. The poor fellow mndo tho excuse that it was not his fault, ns thu Boers had hit him in tho first rush. His brother admitted tho truth of this, and talked to him amicably. “ Well," he said at length, offering him a pinch of snuff, “ you cannot walk a gum.” “ No, chief,” said tho wounded man, looking at his unklo. “ Aud to-morrow wc must walk far,” went on Sususa. “ Yes, chief.” “ Say, then, will you Bit here on the veldt, or -” and ho nodded towards tho river. Tho man dropped his head on his breast fora minuto as though in thought. Presently ho lifted it and looked Sususa straight in tin* face. “ My unklo pains mo, my brother,” ho said j , ” I think I will go back to Zululund, for there is tho only kraal I wish to sue again, oven if X croop about it like a snake, “ It is well, my brother,” said tho chief. ” Best softly,” and having shaken bunds with him, ho guvo an order to one of tho indiums, ami turnod away. Then men eumo, and, supporting tin* wounded man, led him down to the hunks of tho stream. Hero, nt his request, they tied a heavy stone round his neck, and throw him into a deep pool. I »:»w tho whole sad scone, and tho victim never even winced. It was impossible not to admire tho extraordinary count go of the timu, or to avoid being struck with the cold-blooded cruelty of his brother tho chief. And yet tho act was necessary from bis point of view. Tho man must either die swiftly, or he loft to perish of starvation, for no Zulu force will encumber itself with wounded moil. Years of inurcilc3s warfare had bo hardened those people that they looked on death as nothing, and were, to do them justice, ns willing to meet it themselves as to inflict it on others. \S hen this very lmpi lmd been sunt out by tho Zulu King Dingnan, it consisted ol! some nine thousand met). Now it numbered less than throe ; all the rest wero dead. Thov, too, would probably soon ho dead. What did it matter 'i They lived by war to dio in blood. It was their natural eiid. ” Kill till you are killed.” That is tho motto of tho Zulu soldier. It has tho merit of simplicity. Menmvhilo tho warriors wero looting tho waggons, including my own, having llrstthrown all tho dead Boers into a heap. I looked at tho heap ; all of them were there, including tho two stout fraus, poor things. But X missed one body, that of tho Hans Botlm's daughter, littlo Tota. A wild hope camo into my heart that she might have escaped; but no, it was not * The Zulus believe that after death their spirits enter into the bodies of. largo trreeu snakes, which glide about the kraals. To kill these snakes is sacrilege.—Ed, possible. I could only * pray that she \viu ut runt. Just then tho great Zulu, DoinbyaiiM. who hurt loft my ride to indulge in the congenial oc cupation of looting, imiih! out of :i waggon cry ing thut ho had g*d« tin} “ little white one." I looked ; lie wiu carrying the child ToU, g rip ping her frock in one of his huge black bauds, ileatulkodup to where wo wore, and held the child before the chief. “ Is it dead, futhtr ?” he said, with a laugh. Now, as I could well see, tlio child wan not dead, but had been hidden away, and fainted The chief glanced at, it carelessly, and said— “ Find out with your kurrie.” Acting on this hint the black devil hold up the child, a<ul was about to kill it with his i;nob stick. This was more than I could bear. I sprang at him and struck him with all my force in the face, little caring if I was speared or nut. He dropped Tota on the ground. “ Ou !” he said, nutting his hand to his nose, 11 tlio White Spirit has a hard list. Come, Spirit, I will fight you for the child.” The soldiers chewed and laughed. “ Yes, yes!” they said, “lot Bombyano fight tlio White Spirit for the child. Let thorn tight with assegais.” For a moment I hesitatod. What chance had I against this black giant? Hut I had promised poor Huns to save the child if I could, and what did it matter? As well die now as lator. However, Iliad wit ouough left to make a favour of it, and intimated to. the chief through ludaba-zimbi that I was quite willing to condescend to kill Boiubyano, on condition that if I did so the child’s life should he given to mo. Imluba- aimbi interpreted my wolds, but I noticed that ho would not look on iuo as ho spoko, but covered his face, with his bauds and spoko of mo us “ the ghost” or tlio “ son of tlio spirit.” For some roason that I have never quite understood, the ohioE consented to the duel. I fancy it was bccauso ho ■behoved mb to bo more than mortal, and was anxious to 800 the last of Bombyano. •* Let them fight,” lie said. . “ Givo them assegais and no shields; tlio child shall bo to him who conquers.” “ Yes 1 }'es 1” cried the soldiers. “ Let them fight. Don’t bo afraid, Bombyano ; if ho is a spirit, he’s a very small one.” I “I never was frightened of man or beast, and I am not going to run away from a White Ghost,” answered the redoubtabloBombyaiie, iis ho examined tlio blade of his great baugwau or stubbing assegai. Then they made a ring round us, gavo me a similar assegai, and set us some ton paces apart. I kept my face as calm as I could, and tried to show no signs of four! though in my heart I was terribly afraid. Humanly speaking, my doom was on mo. The giant warrior before me had UBcd the assegai from a child—I had no oxpuri onco of the weapon. Moreover, though 1 was quick and active, lie must have been twice as strong as I am. However, there was no help for it, so, setting my teeth, I grasped tlio great spear, breathed a prayer, and waited. Tlio giunt stood awhile looking at me, and, as ho stood, Intlabn-zmiln walked across the ring bohiml mo, muttering as he passed, “ Keep cool, Mucumuzahn, and wait tor him. I will inakoit all right.” Ah I had not the slightest intention of com mencing the fray, I thought this good advice, though how Itiduln-zimbi could “make it all right,” I failed to see. Heavens ! how long that half-minute seemed. It happened many years ago, but the whole scene rises up before my eyes as I write. There behind us was the blood-stained hiuger, and near it lay the piles of dead ; round us was rank upon rank of plumed savages, standing insilonco to wait the issue of the duel, uml in the centre stood the grey-haired chief and general, Susuj.i, in all his war finely, a cloak of leopard skin upon his shoulders. At his feet lay the spns'dess form of little Tota, to my left squatted lud.iba-zimbi, nodding his white luck | and muttering something —probably spells ; while in front was my giant antagonist, his spear aloft and his plumes waving in the gentle wind. Then ovur all, over grassy slope, i rivor, and koppio, over the waggons of the laager, the piles of dead, the dense marbea of the living, the swooning child, o%’er all shorn) the bright impartial sun, looking down like tins indiilerent eye of heaven upon the loveliness of nature and the cruelty of man. Down by the rivor grew thorn-trees, and from thorn floated tlio BWoot scent of the mimosa flower, ami came the sound of cooing turtle doves. I never smell the one or hoar the other without iho scene flushing into iny mind aguiu, complete in its every detail. Suddenly, without a sound, Bombyano shook his assegai and rushed straight at me. I saw his huge lorm come ; like a man in a dream, I saw the broad spear flash on high ; now ho was ou mo ! Then, prompted to it by some provi dontial iln»ul«u*r»or had the spells oE lmlaba —y_x_ dropped to my knee, and quick as light stretched out my spuur. He drove at mo : tiiu blade passed over my head. I felt a weight ou my [assegai; it was wrenched from my hand, his grout limbs knocked against me. I glanced round. Bombyano was staggering along with head thrown hack and outstretched arms from which his spear had fallen, llis spear had fallen, hut tiie blade of mine stood out between his shoulders—I hail transfixed him. lie stopped, swung round slowly as though to look at me ; then with a sigh the giant sank down—dead. For a moment there was silence; then a great cry roue—a cry of “ Bombyano is dead. The White Spirit has slain Boiubyano. Kill the wizard, kill the ghost who has slain Bom bvune by witchcraft.” 'instantly I was surrounded by' fierce faces, and spears flashed before my eyes. I folded my arms ami stood calmly waiting the end. In a moment it would have come, for the warriors were murf at seeing their champion overthrown thus easily. But presently through the tumult I heard the high, cracked voice of Induba* “ .Stand hack, you fools !’” it cried; “can a spirit then he killed ?” ‘'Spear him ! spear him I” Ihoy roared in fury. “ Lotusseu if he is a spirit. IIow did a spirit slay' Bombyano with an assegai ? Spear him rain-maker, and wo shall see.” “ Stand hack,” cried Iiidaha-zimhi again, “ and I will show you if ho chi be killed. I will kill him myself, and call him back to life again before your eyes ” “ Macuimizahn, trust me,” he whispered in my ear in the Sisutu tongue, which the Zulus did not understand. “ Trust me ; kneel on tlio grass before me, and when I strike ut you with thu spear, roll over like one do;id ; thou, when you hear my voice again, got up. Trust me—it Having no ehoico I nodded my ho id in assont, though I hud not the fa in lot idea of what he was about to do. Thu tumult lessened somewhat, and once more the warriors drew hack. “ Great White Spirit—Spirit of Victory,” said Iudaha-ziuihi, addressing me aloud, and covering his eyes with his hand, “ hear mo and forgive im*. These children are blind with folly, and think lime mortal because thou hast dealt death upon a mortal who dared to .-bind against thee. Deign to kneel down before me and lot mo pierce thv heart with this spear, then when I call upon thee, arise unhurt.” I knelt down, not because 1 wished to, but because I must. I had not overmuch faith in Indab »-zimhi, and thought it probable that he was in truth about to make an end of me. But really I was so worn with fears, ami the horrors of thu night and day had so shaken my nerves, that I did not greatly care what befell mo. When I had been’ knotdiiig thus for about half a miauloInduba*zimhi spoke. “ People of the Umtotwn, children cf T’Chaka,” hesaid, “ draw buck a little way, leat an evil full on you, for,now tlm air is thick with ghosts,” They drew hack a space, leaving us in a circle about twelve yards in diameter. “ Look ou him who kneels before you,” went on Iiduba-ziiubi, “and listen to my words, to the words of tlio witch-finder, tho words of the rain-maker, Iuduba- zimbi, whoso fame is known lo vou. He seems to be a young man, does lie not ? I tell you, children of the Umtetwa, he is no man. He is tho Spirit who gives victory to the white men, he it is that gave them assogais that thunder and taught them how to slay. Why woiviho Impisof Dingaun rolled back at the Blood Kiver Because hi' was there. Why did the Amaboona slay tho people of Mosili ktitze bv tin* thousands? Because hn was there. And so I say to you that, had I not drawn him from the laager *by mv magic hut throe hours ago. you would have been conquered—ves, you won ill have been blown away like dust before tho wind; you would have been burnt up like tho dry grass in the winter when the fire is awake among it. Ay, because ho had been there many of your bravest were slain in overcoming a few —a pinch of men who could bo counted on tho fingers. But because I loved you, because your chief Sususa is my half- brother—for hud wo not one father:—1 came to you, I warned you. Then you prayed mu and I drew tho Spirit forth.* But you wore not satisfied when the victory was yours, when the Spirit, of all von hadtikuu asked but one little thing—a white chilli to take away and sacrifice to himself, to make tho medicine of his magic of-” Here I could hardly restrain myself from in terrupting, hut thought hotter of it. “ You said him nay ; you said. ‘ Lot him light with our bravest man, let him fight with Bombyano tho giant for tho child.* And he deigned to slay Bombyano ns you have seen, ami now you say,*< Slay him ; lie is no spirit.’ Now I will show you if ho is a spirit, for i will slay hitu before your eyes, aud cill him to lifo again. But you have hronulit irfl- upon your selves. Had you believed, had.-ym: uttered no insult to thoBpirit. ho would lmvo stayed with von, and you «ho.ihl Imvo become unconquer able. Now ho will ari?o ami leave you, and woo he on you if you try to stay him. “Now all nieii.” ho went on. “look tor a space upon this usvcgufthat T hold up,” and ho lifted tljD btitijrtVitii I;f tint ilQL-e:im: l JJmtibjtniu lii'dt above ltt.t liutid t>» tliut all lint muliititdj could sec it. Even- eve was Hxod u]tun tlm broad bright spear. I4 or a while he hold ifc -till, then lie moved it round and round in a circle, muttering as ho did so, and still tjunr gnse followed it. For my part, i watched Ins movements with the greatest anxiety. '11 a", assegai hud already been nearer my jmisim than I found at ail pleasant, and I had no desir) to make a further acquaintance with it. Nor, indeed, was I sure that Indaba-zimhi was not really going to kill me. I could not understand his proceedings ut all. and at the l":sfc I could not relish playing the corona ii/e to his magical experiments. , V Jjijof: ! l.mh ! f.ook ho screamed. Then suddenly the great spear Hashed down towards my breast. 1 felt nothing, but, to my sight, it seamed as though- it had passed thougn Sec !” roared the Zulus. “ Tnd.'d a rimbi has speared him ; tho red assegai stands out behind his b^ck.” _ , , .■ . “Roll over. Mheiimozahn,” Imtaba-KmiM hissed in my ear. “ rod over and pretend to die —quick 1 quick !” 1 lost no time in following these a'range in struction*, but falling on to my wine, limnvniy arms wide, kicked my legs about, mul died as artistically as I couhl. Presently 1 gave a stage shiver and. lay still. , “See!” said tho Zulus, “bo i* dead, the Spirit is dead. Look at tho blood upon th “Island back! stand baek!” criod Indabn zitnbi, “ or tho ghost will lvuuitynu. Yes, ho is dead, and now I will Fall him. back to: Ufa again. Look!” and putting-down his hand, he* plucked the spear from wherever it was fixed, and held it aloft. “ The spear is red, is it not ? Watch, men. watch ! it </ruics white!" “It grows white,” they said. “ On 1 tfc “ft "rows whito because tho blood returns to whence it came,” suidludiiba-riiiibi. “Now,, great Spirit, hear me. Thou art dead, tho breath 1ms gone out of thy niouth, Yet hear mo and arisu. Awake, White Spirit, awake' and show th}* power. Awake*; arise un I began to respond cheerfully to this im posing invocation. “ Not so fast, Macuiuazahii,” whispered Indaba-ziinhi. I took the hint, and first held up one arm,, then lifted my head and lot it fall again. “Jin lives! by rim head of T’Chuka he lives !” roared tho soldiers, stricken with mortal tThon slowly and with tho greatest dignity. I. gradually arose, stretched my arms, yawned like one awaking from heavy sleep, turned and* looked upon them unconcernedly. While I did so, I noticed that old Jndaba-zimhi wan almost* fainting from exhaustion. Beads of perspira tion stood upon his brow, his limbs trembled, and his breast heaved. As for tho Zulus, they waited for no more*. With a howl of terror the whole regiment turned and tied across the rise, so that presently we were left alone with the dead, and tho swooning child. “How on earth did you, do that, Iudabu :dmbiI asked in amaze. “Do not ask me, MucumaznUn,” lie gasped. “ You whit a men aro very clever, but you don’t quite know everything. There are men in tho world who can make people believe they see things which they do not see. Let na bo going while wo may, for when these Umtetwaa have got over their fright, they will come back to loot tho waggons, and then perhaps tiny will begin asking questions that I can’t answer.” Ami here I may as well state that I never got nnv further information on this mutter from nid Iudaha-zimbi. But I have my theory, and h**re it is for whatever it may be worth. 1 believe tlmtlmluba-zimbi nttmurriaal the whole crowd of onlookers, tuyself included, making them believe that they saw tho assegai in my heart, and tin1 blood upon the blade. Tho reader tuuv unite and say, “ Impossible but I would ask him how the Indian jugglers do their tricks unless it is by mesmerism. The spectators •item lo see the boy go under the basket and there pierced with daggers; they stvm to mm a woman in a trance aupported iu mid air upon tho point of a single sword. In thom.-olvos these things aro not possible, thev violate tho laws of nature, us those laws are known to us, and therefore must suruly beillu bion. And bo through tho glamour thrown upon them by luduba-zimbr a thdt‘^Zulu Impi-Seemed to see. .Vf-H— is mv theory; if any onelot him udop't it. The explanation lies between iUusioii and magic of a must imposing character, and I prefer io accept the ilrst altoruative. 