& Society Jottings. Miss Fawcett has deoided to enter for the fini mathematical examination in the eohoola. For th she will have to specialise, choosing either pure ( applied mathematics. Henrik Ibsen's dramas are being translate into Turkish for the benefit of his Majesty tl Sultan. It will be interesting to learn what effect tb "Doll's House," "The Pillars of Society, " Ghosts," have upon him. He has so many dolli houses under the roof of his own palaoe that he ma perhaps be able to appraciate the character of Nora if he bas studied the science of heredity, " Ghosts may also appeal to him. A Russian Lady, anxious that future genere tiona should not be iu doubt as to the beauty of th women of our own century, ha* conceived the bri liant idea of collecting portraits of the loveliest w< men of all nations, and depositing them for this pm pose in a mu'eum. She and a committee of ladies ar to judge the likenesses, when they get them, but wear not informed whether competitors for tho honor ar required to enter by any particular date. It is sail that the originator of the idea, who is the Barones Klara von der Deokler, has written to the grea " beauties" of the world specially asking for thei portraits, but if thiB be so posterity will hardly b provided with the most satisfactory examples o typical feminine beauties of this period. Would i not have betn wiser for a committee to have formet in each country, and then for tho selected portrait t > have been forwarded to the Bironeas Klara voi der Decklor ? During a Discussion upon the perennial prob lem of wadding presents, one speaker maintained tha these offerings have no sense or significance wher bestowed on people amply able to provide their o wi household plenishinga ; and that the origin of th« cuatom, a kind desire to help young couples begin ning on small means, should be borne in mind ant regulate our gifts. This seems a very narrow viev of a kindly practice, as, setting aside the difficulty of drawing a definite line between "small" anc "ample" means, such things are prized moro a< tokens of affection and goodwill than for instrinsic worth, and the wealthiest of brides might value some inexpensive but well- chosen present from a poorei friend far above the rubies and diamonds of her OWE or her rich relations' choice and purchase. There are, however! one or two distinot breaches oí pretty behavior. One is when the bride-eleot sonda no acknowledgment: an unpardonable omission expect, perhaps, in tho case of gifts seat in during tho last momenta of excitement and haste. Another case is that of couples who travel for some months after marriage, and when at length settling and sending out address carda forget some of tho guests, thus leaving them to doubt if their continued acquaiotance is desired. The extremes of cooing and pecking, between which a honeymoon seeu.8 to know no medium, are, probably, not conducive to good memory ; but, hy keeping a list, young people may surely avoid an awkward stupidity which is unfortunate on their launch into social lile ap householders. A Correspondent wishes the following to be inserted : -" Dear Editor,-I read lately a paragraph on humor. Will you have patience with me if 1 can not resist combating the writer's view as to this quality being rarely found in tho organisation of women. I know that the characteristics of tho so called Englishwoman are the very reverse of humor ous, but I do think that in the ordinary type of nine teenth century society, of the two sexes woman has by far the greater sense of the humor and pathos of life, and it is natural that she should, lt has always b?en allowed that women have powers of more detailed observation than tho stronger Bex, and I think this .ia a proof of their greater ability for seizing with unerring touch the comic elements of lifo, which a man, with his right ly conaidered larger intellectual powers, passes over. The moro limited but flexible brain of tho woman Bees a flash of comedy or a dash of pathos where a man sees nothing but common and ordinary work-a day life. In speaking of women as writers, we have certainly to allow that we have never found in them a Dickens or a Sterno ; tho female mind seems in capable of transcribing with pen anything akin to the humor whioh she possesses in ordiniry society lifo ; and this it ÍB, I take it, whioh prevents, nearly always, a woman's name to booome undying in woman's book being much quoted. I do not think that the women we read of in history seem to have been peculiarly humorous, excepting, perhaps, Queen Elizabeth, who seems to have had a vein of real humor in hor dry composition; but I think the extreme rarity of this quality in historial ladies is due, not so muon to the absence of it, but beoause suolua sense of humor as a woman is capable of would be difficult to represent in words ; it requires rather to be felt than analysed. I do not mean to say that the women of tho poorer classes aro, as a rule, humorous ; but, take it all in all, a woman's good sense is gem-rally closely allied to humor and a per ception of it in the minutest details, and is one of her marked characteristics. With Haliburton I agree when he saya of fun, 'There's nothing like it, is there ? . I haven't any myself, but I do like it in other people.' With excuses for troubling you, I remain, dear editor, sincerely yours.-A LOVER OF HUMOB.'» 