ISCEUANEOUS' & ltinsne~emeu Iop OLD Sw. Loose * ·:·-·· Hop&E.; '": So the old Planters' Hotel has had to " lose op at las'" seald a gray-haired St. :i.· "?ois merchant in~anu.t ..I • enect in the Irffmne. ""ha' one of~the• S ld landmarks of St. Louis gone. I wonder what they'll?doith it now. It e; oms only the other day when the build :ing of it was begun with much ceremony; : though .when you come to thi.k of it that was over fifty yeera 4 j T Iod ' c;: oentre of the town w?~donrn th f ' iae :. istrict then, and we thought it was going • ;? tostay thore. Butit-couldn't. Mvery thinggoes weet even St. Loua and not all the attrate ofi ne ri5ies and a a generous ,ba -'co?i'kep the travel 'ling patron or the alo nes either,loyal to the old house. That hotel, Air,~ s clyqeJrqaseObed~n ith all the stirring in. - 0 detithit 'hr. . Around.it clung all the memories en which your S'oldest inabitant' loves to dwell, nd Charles Dickees immortalized it in .his 'Amer o otes'bh lin.it, I be " lieve, the bt~t~th~h~'4t~h'o'try, or, at leas 'a most excellent house.' Many's the.merry night I've spent there, and many ag~oeo otq1 hasaeenrtql.ikbout \- - the ld'hid e itsioa saansd ito patrons, which are not so troue, perhap?s, as amus ine. S"St. Louis had a sort of epidemic of spiritualismSoume joearago ,"o'butinued the talker," ad one of &h; negro porters about the Planters', a smart fellow with some white blood in him, used to work on the feelings.oftthe bothrq somuch by his talk on'th igbjijAthat'l_ had most of them pretty badly scared. He pre tended to bea medium himself, and word of it came to.tha earsof the tprorietor, who called bil dju6 4d'dty nd toTld him he must stop talking such nonsense to Sthe other porters or get out. "'If you're fool enough to believe in it yourself, which I don't believe you do,' said Mr.H-- 'I won't have you scaring the other boy&s.k;, ,'-':: 7' - i S "'Idon't go far to scah 'em, Mistah H---' says the boy. ' Thev alluaskin'. me'bout it, and I can'tuh6vl' : s'ei'" ?' mejum, nohow.' "'You a medium,'. said Mr..H--, 'Don't talk such rot to mie boy. 'Hobdid you find out you're a medium 1' *" I kin do some mysterious things, sab, said the darkey. '4iI kii inmak? i b ring 'thout touchin' it.' "'Go along,, boy,' said Mr. H-- ; *don't tell me any -o your lies.' "'Bet you my next week's wages .'gaint a.ten dollah bill I can, Mr. H- . Bet you IVafi 'St" a dozen of dem call bells 'dere a jingling 'thout ever touchin' one ob dem.' "' Well, 1'ilate'-yoi up, boy,' said Mr. H--, 'but don't try to beg your wages after you've lost them,-for you won't get them. Now go ahaad. Begin the seance. Summon the spirits., Stand, back, lboys,, orthe ghost inay get their tog fin lgers in your wooL' This to a group of the other porters who were half grinning and half quaking in expectation. "Thesmartdarkey immediately stepped into alittlecupboard-under the stairway -it was about nine o'clock in the even ing-took off his white jacket, stooped down and did'seomething, "we: could not see what, of course, and then stepped for ward, keeping his eyes on the bells, and waving his arms dat the?, jabberingisome thing intended for an impressive incanta tion. In about ajiffy a score of the bells were jingling likd-&Tad.;' The darkey grabbed the ten- dollar bill he had won, from the hands of the stakeholder, and Mr.~.H- said rather angrly ::, "'Now stop their confounded noise, can'tyou, quck!' . ",ain tmejumnuffyetto dodat, sah,' Waid tbhedaikreywith a a grin. "* Just then a furious guest came boin'~d ing down stairs, shouting, "'Whit's"t'he gas turned off for in this outrageous way, upstairs?:" ' :';· "'Stop that black rascal' yelled Mr H-, as the negro'mejumni made a break for the back entrance, but he was gone before any one.could catch him. The scamp had turned' off the gas from the upperpart of the house, and it .took a deal of trouble to go around to all the rooms and shut off the burners before the gas could be turned on again and re Bthted, .?.-;- :; i,..?. 