Chipg. -4-e- A TELEOBA.I? from Hamburg says the oldest citizenof Hamburg, if not of the whole Empire, died last week at the age of 105- years. He was a watchmaker, named Georing. He marched with Napoleon's soldiers to Moscow, and took part in the terrible retreat from that city. t-t A Spalding samekeeper who lost a duck found it lying dead in a pond. He discovered a large pike attached to it, and it appeared that the fish had attempted to swallow the duck, and had actually got the head and the whole of the neck down its throat. The well-known painter, Herr Palms, was married recently at Stutt gart, and his bride suddenly became insane after the ceremony. The couple were returning home from the registry office, when, in front of the bridegroom's house in Frankfurter Avenue, the. bride sprang from the carriage, and ran to her mother's house, where she threw herself upon the floor, crying that ghosts were fol lowing her. The unfortunate woman has been removed to an insane asylum. ;.----t-"` · t A rival to Blondin has appeared in the person of t?amuel Dixon, of To ronto, who is by profession a photo grapher. Whether or not he has mistaken his vocation, may be open to question, as he has found time to attain marvellous skill in tight-rope walking. In the presence of a multi. tude of spectators, he recently crossed the Niagara Falls on a rope stretched from shore to shore. When midway across, he stopped and performed various acrobatic feats. t 4 t The promotion of Lieutenant the Hon. Seymour 'Fortescue to the rank of commander is (Trth says) a more than usually outrageous job, for the fortunate young man has actually passed over the heads of no fewer than 240 senior officers on the list, many of whom have notably distinguished themselves, which is more than can be said of Commander Fortescue, who has not even qualified in navigation, tor pedo, or gunnery. It is really high time that these shameful royal yacht promotions were abolished. t -t An odd case in connection with the "muzzling order" came recently be fore the Greenwich bench. Thedefend ant's dog was put on the solicitors' table, and a witness named Williams confidently deposed that it' was the animal that had bitien a dog of his on two occasions. He knew it well--it was of a peculiar Chinese breed. Thereupon a second dog was produced, and placed on the table, so much like the other that that the witness was fain to confess that this might have been the culprit. The summons was dismissed. ttt An exciting scene was witnessed rr-cently at a menagerie on Ashton urnder-Lyne Fair ground. A lion tamer named Lorenzo was going through a performance with a pack of six wol us, when one of them sprang upon him, and proceed to worry him. The attendants outside the cage beat back the other five, and Lorenzo had a desperate battle with his foe. Al though severely bitten on the hands, he succeeded in beating it off, and finished the performance. t 4t The Welsh bards having read some stanzas to the Queen of Roumania, commemorative of her visit to the Eisteddfod, Queen Elizabeth, amidst great enthusiasm, read the following lines : "Long live tihe Bards, and long live the song. And the Harp with the soul's own singing ! Lay ever the thanksgiving chorus throng Where the echoes from old are ringing; Where the king has a throne, end the bard a crown, And the sword of peace is uplifted; And sweet ' welcome' sounds from the shore to the town To the stranger with singing gifted. Long live the smile, and the song, and the faith That nought from the soul can sever t ,'ay sunshine brighten each emerald vale I Hail Oymru I old Cymra I for ever I " Milton's blindness was the result of overwork and dyspepsia. Multitudes of men and women have made their eyes weak for life by the too free use of the eyesight in reading small print and doing, fine sowing. In view of these things it is well to observe the following rules in the use of the eyes: Avoid all sudden changes between light and darkness. Never begin to read, or write, or sew for several minutes after coming from. darkness to a bright light. Never'read by twi light or moonlight. Never read or sew under a strong light.. Never. sleep, so that on first awakening, the eyes shall 'open on the light of the winidow. Too much light creates a glare, and pains and confuses the sight. The moment you are sensible of an effort to distinguish, that moment cease trying to. . . 4 t A' correspondent writes to the London 8td?d(?:d :-Thie' serious defi. ciency of £2,770,251 which' the recent valuation' hase. shown to :exist in the funds of the courts and districts of the Ancient Order of Foresters, and against which there is'a set.off of only £137,769, has caused the High Court of the Order to set about a thorough and drastic reform of the financial position of the largest friendly society in the world. Uf 43 lodges, with a degree of solvency of less tnan 15s in the pound, which applied to the Hull Executive Council for relief, only two did anything to improve their financial situation. Well might the High Court postpone the granting of relief to these courts until such time as new general laws had been adopted which would compel them to adopt reforms within "before.. granting .relief from without. • 