CHAPTER II. The position of Edith Mallow in the Heathcote household was certainly, as she herself felt, a peculiar, and not altogether a pleasant ono; I though ' em a thousand times happier than , she could have been had she fallen into almost ¡ any other hands. To begin with, although treated with a great deal of kindness, and even confidence, by the mistress of the house, and, though she conducted herself in such a manner as to show that she de:e -ved such treatment, she had entered the service of the family as an assigned servant. Mrs. Heathcote, when on . visit to Sydney n company with her husband, some months before thei death of the latter, was nnxious to obtain the services of a person to act as her own maid, and as a sort of humble com- panion. Failing to find any one to suit her among the free immigrants, she had, not without some misgivings, looked among the female convicts, and had been so greatly pleased with the quiet modest demeanor of Edith Mallow, and so impressed by what she heard about her, that she deter- mined to try whether anything could be made of the young woman. She had not regretted her choice; for she declared nat Edith was a treasure ; and she often wondered how she co tdd ever have fallen into evil ways. She sometimes even doubted whether the whole matter of the girl's transportation had not been the result of a hideous mistake. She sometimes trieô by suggestions and indirect questions, to induce Edith to tell the story of her past life, but with- out success ; for Edith always seemed so much pained by any attempt to penetrate the past, that her mistress desisted. Edith Mallow returned to her mistress's room, moved stealthily to*th beside, and Baw that Mrs. Heathcote was stilt fastr asleep. She then went quietly over to a sofa, on which she lay down, utterly vorn out by che work and watching f the two previous days' and nights. Tired as she was, however, she could not sleep. She felt as ii s e gre. crisis in her life was approach- ing ; a. d a dread as of a terrible misfortune came upon her. It has been said that Ehe was remarkably handsome. Her hair, of a rich brown, had been allowed to grow long, and her deep blue eyes were fud of tenderness as she thought of all the kindnesses which had been lavished upon her in that home. Her oval face, although indelibly marked by the evidences of past sor- rows, bore unmistakable testimony to a refine- ment and intelligence inconsistent with her pre- sent position in life. Her figure was tall and slender ; and the grace of her movements seemed to contrast oddly with the coarseness of her dress. More than once Edith rose, and, drawing aside the blind, looked out on the moonlit landscape. Suddenly she heard the loud barking of dogs ; and, stepping lightly out on the verandah, she ascertained that the noise came from the hut of tne home shepherd a little way down the river. Edith went round to that side of the house, and saw a horseman riding rapidly tu ward it. Suspecting that this might be the doctor, she hurried to the back of tho house, stopping on her way to rouse old Thomas ; and then she opened the gate to Dr. Roebuck, the solitary practitioner of a very extensive district. Tho doctor rode through, and, without dismounting, said sharply "Oh, it's you, my girl, is it? How's your mistress? Are you going to take my horse? Aren't there any men about ? How long has Mr. Charles been home ?" He fired off this volley of questions at such a tremendous speed that poor Edith had not a ghost of a chance of getting in a word in answer till the doctor was out of breath; and, by that tim9 Thomas had made his appearance. The doctor ther opened fire on him with a long string f instructions aa to the care of his horse - and these were inforced oy a series of awful threats if Thomas should disobey even the smallest of thom. Tho ld man, who waa groom, gardener, anti general factotum in the Heathcotu's establish- ment, bore tho assault with remarkable equani- mity He* " knew the length of the doctor's foot/' as ho afterward said, and quito understood thot hi» most awful threats never produced any serious results. The doctor, having relieved himself of his horse, turned to Edith, and was about to opuu fire again, when she said " I thought I had bettor come to meet you, sir. I have left Mrs. Heathcote in a nice, comi'ortablo sleep." ' Asleep, is she, my dear ?" said the doctor ; "that's good news ; and so I had better not dis- turb her, I suppose, eh ? I think the best thin}» you can do is to get me something co eat, and show me where I can put myself to bed, for I'm as tired as a dog." Edith, accordingly, led him to a little snuggery, a kind of sanctum of Charlie's, at tho back ot' the house, and then gave him, after lighting a lamp which stood on the table, some cold meat, bread, and cheese, and a bottle of excellent wine, the produce 01 the Heathcotes' own vineyard. She showed him also a comfortable «ed in a little room adjoining the snuggery aforesaid. The doctor, when he had taken off his overcoii'" and hat wa, Been to be a man ? rather below the middle height, and of wiry, active build, with iron-gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and strongly marked features, in which a world of natural mirthfulness and kindness might be seen trying to fre itself from the restraint imposed by an assumption of gruff sternness which imposed on nobody Everybody liked and trusted the little doctor, who was famous for 'doing good by stealth.'* When he was seated he began to in- terrogate Edith about Mrs. Heathcote's illness; and when he had heard all she had to tell, he suddenly turned on her with the air of aa injured man, and Baid "I" should like to know what you mean by being out of /our bed at thi3 time of night, young woman. You ought to have been fast asleep hours ago." " You know, doctor, I can't leave Mrs. Heath- cote. There is really no one else to attend to lier wants ; and I ought not, even now, to bo away fron: her." * You ought at least to take some rest ; or X shah soon have you on my hands," said the doctor, and then he added "Well, well, you're a gooa girl But get to bed now." Edith went out; and the doctor watchedh<-Ï with a look which if she had happened to tee it, would have sm prised her not a little. '-"Whata faca?" he exclaimed, so like, and yet EC different. It reminds me-yes ; it reminds me that I'm an old fool to bother my head ab-mt a pretty face because it bannons to be just like another pretty face I've seen years ago. I'l get to my bed." Accordingly, the doctor went to bed, but not to sleep. He tossed and turned from side io side? and still he saw Edith's face. Only it was not her at all, but some one else's ; and it called up a whole legion of ghosts of the dead past to tor- ment him. In the morning, at the first sign of life and' movement in the house, the doctor rose unrefreshed, and, huddling on his clothes, went to the door. He saw Charlie mounted on a stout, serviceable cob, just setting off for a ride to some ¿t-station. "Hey, Charlie, you young rascal, what do you mean by waking a man up at this unearthly hour ?" shouted the doctor. "Good gracious, doctor, when did you get hen ?" cried Charlie, riding toward him ; " have you seen my mother, yet ?" "Not yet, my dear boy," was the answer. "That^ good girl, Edith, or whatever her name is, was on the lookout for me, and let me in, and made me comfortable-it must have been after midnight. She told mo that your mother was asleep ; and I thought that I couldn't do better than follow such a good example.** I can't congratulate you on your success, doctor, if I may judge from your appearance,'* said Charlie. " Try to get another sleep bolaro Ï come back to breakfast." (TO BK CONTINUED.) 