JUSTICE DEMANDED. I" modern days philosophers and writers on the science of government have laid it down as an aaiom that in any particular policy or act of ad ministration the greatest good of the greatest number must be consulted. To dissent from that proposition would be to lay an axe at the root of democratic rule. The Government of New South Wales is sapposed to be established by the people for the people, and the members of it would doubtless take the strongest objection to the affirmation that it is not show ing by its actions a recognition of that principle. But in one important par. ticular the people of Newcastle can show that their interests are, and for many years have been, de liberately ignored and neglected by successive administrations. While numbers of small up-country towns are the seat of Quarter Sessions and Assize Courts, the inhabitants of this great and important city and district are not considered worthy of having brought to their door that administration of justice which is considered the prero gative of places with a tithe of their population. For years past thepeople have groaned under the load of un necessary duty placed upon them by the system under which all civil and criminal cases within the jurisdiction of the Courts of Quarter Sessions and Assize Courts are tried at East lMait land. The innumerable representa tions that have been made successive Ministers of Justice on this subject have utterly failed in effect. Some months ago it went forth to the world that a Court of Quarter Sessions would very soon be established at Newcastle, although the Government could not see its way to have a Circuit Court held here. It was stated that plans were being prepared for the enlarge ment of the look-up, so as to give cell accommodation for the prisoners to be tried here; and on that occasion the people-although from past experience they had learned to distrust official representations-thoroughly believed that the Government was that time in earnest. IFope told a flattering tale, however, and that of the most fictional character. The cell accommodation has not been provided, a Court of Quarter Sessions has not been held at Newcastle, and the subject has gone into that dreary limbo which contains the ghosts of so many abortive efforts of ajfaineant officialdom. In view of such persistent indiffer ence and neglect, is it any wonder that the people of Newcastle regard the Government not as theirs, but almost as that of a foreign State ? The present insufferably bad arrange. ments mean that six times a year the jurors and witnesses from this district have to give up the trans. action of their business and devote themselves entirely to the service of the State for a week at a time. Besides the four Courts of Quarter Sessions held in the year two Circuit Courts have to be attended, so that those summoned from this city and district, to serve es jurymen or attend as wit. nesses, have to do so on an average every second month. The journey from Newcastle to East Maitland takes up the best part of an hour, and those who live in the suburbs and outside municipalities have to make a very early start from their homes to catch the train. If they mise this the cer tainty that they have rendered them selves liable to fine does not add to the cheerfulness with .which 'they finally make their appearance and re port themselves to the presiding Judge. If the' courts only lasted a day or two the.inconvenience ana loss sustained might be borne with resig nation, but as a rule the courts sit, as we have said, for quite a week, and even then some of the business has generally to be held over. The pre sent Circuit Court presided over by Mr. Justice FOSTEIR has lasted since Tuesday last. One great peculiarity of the holding of these courts in East Maitland is that the majority of the cases were sent up by the Newcastle Bench. Of the 13 criminal cases tried during the present Circuit Court no less than 11 were from the Newv castle and Wallsend Benches. This fact cannot be construed as an evi dence that crime abounds here. The true cause of the preponderance of Newcastle cases tried at East Maitland is that the population of the city and district is at least twenty times greater than that of East Maitland. Yet the powerful argument that the arrange ments for the administration of jus tice should be made so as to suit the greatest number is persistently ignored by those who are paid Minis terial salaries out of the common con tributions of the people. This system must be ended sooner or later, and as there is not the slightest reason for its continuance, but very powerful reason for its abolition, the sooner that a reform is made the bettor. East Maitland is a hamlet with a population of 3000. Newcastle pr'oper contains a p)pula tion of about 17,000, although we notice that in Mr. CoeItLas's "~ Wealth and Progress of New South WVales" the number was estimated on 30th June last at only 15,000. The following information regarding the population of the suburbs and outlying townships of Newcastle are taken from the same source:-Hamilton, 4500 inhabitants; Lambton, 4000; Merewether, 4095; Plattsburg, 4000 ; Wallsend, 3425; Waratah, 2200; Wickham, 4155. Adding to these figures the number of inhabitants of the municipalities of Stockton, Carrington, New Lambton, Adamstown, and the new collieries on the Sydney line, we get an estimated aggregate of over 60,000 persons living within a radius of seven miles from Newcastle. The number of voters on the P.arliamentary electoral roll this year is: For the city, 7262; for the county, 6689; a total for the city and county of 13,951. Yet, while the joint population of West and East hlMaitland is only 9000, and only 754 votes were obtained by the successful candidate for West Maitland at the lass general election, the just and well-founded complaints of the inhabitants of the second city of the colony at the continuance of a system which places such disabilities upon them, and subjects them to an indignity which is not placed on any other community in the colony, are treated with utter indifference. If any exception be taken to the latter statement, the rejoinder must be that the best proof of a sincere desire to put an end to this hoary iniquity is the adoption of the necessary means. VWhen so many people are, in such an important matter as the arrangements for the administration of justice, treated in the present fashion, they wvould be deserving of the utmost contempt if they remained silent under the infliction. 