A lMMl ILAl J. The literal meaning of te wi "F~ir, in its umeregal sense, is a "hofie ?tet." In ether warids, a"fahin'casemabrket atwfS lrall anderery fy parihase or not withent )slg subljeefld to feens st, and also where all and every sa sell with aut any asn adiabilities as attned to ordinar. markete. At ene time the fairs in England were roeat featmures in the social and industrial life of the people; but, sinue the establishment of railwae, and the quieker interommnicaton wh?sh lis aesulted, these faols have pretty well died grt, anatter perhaps for regret, in (ame respects, Slatinevitableue der the changed conditions of the national life. Here n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed varylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in thesefastgoa-bheadcolonies, Life is not so slow and lethargie as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and foree to which, even in this day, few pnovinclal folk in tle old sountrye are maeustomed. This, however, is a necessity," following upon our frere and more prosperous condition, as well as the awalened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy foroathers enjoyed, is still too short for alow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was noeomplhod in a. aee. This, however, is not a matter for mnarvel. If we live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could pOuem y earn.--T c ov~eig carning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, by the way, who are of simiat sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: " Let seince, learning arts and commerce die, nt give us hack our oannobility."' People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the eleganeies and refinements Ef home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, 2.esers. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a Eightto do sore. eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to refleet that at least 0 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter tcmperand more contented spirit than hme hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. d. per yard will feel agreater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to whichhitherto, during his shittlessslovenlybachelor days, he'has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is] impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless infliu and out- flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps over entered into the calcula tions of the origintors themselves. Wedlo not sup pose that Meossr. Foy and Gibson, when eontemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into ree koningthe philnhnropi aspct of the matter. But as a nule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and 3casrs. Foy and Gibson when they reekon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balanee a in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolern fromthesefair, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the inflence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are evenes the laws of the 3ledes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience-snd large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi mess, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some ideamay hbe formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220t. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The great show room?, P_'21 with th*ecostliecs of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavonr of the delightl which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakhspeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the embstantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. Peple--adies in psolicular- who want a new sensation, o, ght to spend an hour or two at Pey and *iheon'aFair; and if they, having done so, do not experienie a sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blasf and played out. For such people there is but one resorce-patent- mrdiecines.-[AovTr.1 