HOW A STARVING MAN FEELS. For the first two days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed to exist upon nothing his sufferings are perpapB more acute that in tbe remain ing stages ; he feels an inordinate, un speakable craving at the stomach night , and day. The mind runs upon beef, bread, and other substances ; but still in a great measure the body retains its efponrrfli On the third and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to a sinking and weakness of the stomach accompanied by nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still desires food, but with a loss of strength be loses that eager craving which is felt iu the earlier stages. Should ha chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, he swallows it with a wolf ish avidity ; but five minutes after wards his sufferings are more intense than ever. He feels as if he had swal lowed a living lobster, which is clawing and feeding upon the very foundation of his existence. R On tbe fifth day his cheeks suddenly appear hollow and sunken, his body attenuated ; his colour is ashy palp, and his eyes wild, glassy, and. cannibal-like. The different parts of tbe system now war with each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in quest of food ; tbe legs, from weakness refuse. The sixth day brings with it in creased suffering, although the pangs of hunger are lost in an overpoweriug lan guor and sickness. The bead becomes giddy; the ghosts of well-remembered dinners pass in hideous processions through the mind. The seventh day comes, bringing in creasing lassitude and prostration of strength. The arms hang lifelessly, the legs drag heavily, the desire for food is still felt, to a degree, but it must be brought, not sought. The' miserable remnant of life which still bangs to tbe sufferer is a burden .almost too grievous to be borne ; yet his inherit love of existence induces a desire still to preserve it if it can be saved without a tux ou bodily exertion. The mind wanders. At one moment he thinks bis wearied limbs cannot sus tain him a mile ; the next he is endowed with unnatural strength, and if there be a certainty of reliet before him dashes bravely and strongly forward, wonder ing wfaenoe proceeds his new and sud denimpalK, 