PonT Adelaide: 'VTtLninsoKX. DRcistrnim 24. [Before Mr. J. Formbr. S.M.1 Henry Self \van charged, on tho information of J. J. W&lsli;, Manager for McLean Brothers and Rigg at the Pbrfc, with obtaining£l hy means of a valueless chenue. Tho evi dence was to- the effect that prisoner ordered a number of goods for tho vessol Florence Maud and! then prcsentod tho chequo which was cashed. Thu cheque was sent to the Bank and' returned. The arresting constafalo stated that tho prisoner had a number of cheques in the same writing on hia jjerson. Pleaded guilty. Sent to gaol for three montlis with hardtinbouv. Prank Martin was charped, on fcho information of Jamas Cattle, with stealing eleven sheep, valued £5 103\. at tho Reedbedb on or about December 1G. Mr. J. II. Sinclair prosecuted, and Mr. G. W. Dompstor defended. James Cattle stated that ho- missed about thirty sheep on Wednesday last. On tho samo day saw Mr. Martin and his man driving fto the Port.. There was somn looso straw in tho cart, and as- ho pos.ied lie fancied he saw aomething-moro. Sent several men to search for the sheep, bub they were not to bn found.: OnJFrid&y; went to Mr. Martin's yard at the Ueedbedst Went into tbe yard, and saw about sixty sheep. Amongst them wero five of his own. Then obtained a search war rant. Went again to the yard, and found four of his sheep. Marbin was then taken in chargOi Went- to hi3 pramisea at the Port, and in- the cellar found a number of carcasses of lambs banging, and two-live lambs in a dark recess bearing his (witaesa's) brands Also foucd one sheepskin with, his brand upon it. Afterwards went to Laugli^on's skin depot. Searched and found four skins with his mark upon- them. Had never sold 6heep with s-'nilarbrands. By Mr. Dempster— Noverrrol- Jcoted any other sheep getting mixed with his. Henry White gave corroborative evidence. Ho produced a brand uiad for branding Mr. L'attle's shoep. There wa'j not anothorsimi'ir in tho market. Ho identified tho marks on tb& sbcop that wero found a-3 belonging 1 3 Mr. Cattle. Defendant reserved hi» defence. Co-nmiUsd for trio'. Bail a'lowcd in his own TrrogniEancoof £2CJ-and two sureties of £100 each. _^__^^_^-m— _ DurnleyOmpresaiFely): 'Fonmyword, d'yo know it I — aw — should see a ghost I belioro I shouldibecomoa— aw— cbattermgidioL' Miss Quiolvr (softly) : ' Do tell us about the ghost you did sco, Mr. Diunley. 