?MHm'z Mumu. Folk-tales for Little Folk. Bv UNCLE WILL. Dear Little Folk, for whom thew talcs hare been told, will not need to he reminded that Christmas is not far off now. The holidays are within Itail -almost. Thiirts December, a month in thc year consecrated in northern countries to story-telling. Old and young there gather near the fire-for though you youngsters here cannot understand it, thc air becomes very cold, and go where'you will on a frosty night you feel chilly. To keep them- selves warm people wrap themselves in thick clothes and furs if they have to go int« thc open air ; if they remain indoors they sit in a room where a blazing fire in the grate dispels thc chilly breath of winter. In tho evenings they havo indoor games, and when tired of these the boys and girls listen to stories from the mouths of those who can tell them well. When summer comes, with long days and mild weather favourable for open-air games, there is an end of story- telling for a time. Here, however, whether the weather is pleasant all thc year round, and the cold has never been BO keen,-out of a cutting cold Wind, perhaps-as to drive us indoors, wc have sat on the verandah week after week, nearly from thc beginning till the end of the year. I am beginning to think you will bc tired of mc now, and at thc end of the year I mean to make way for some one else, or for batter tales than I can tell you. Should these not be to your liking, those of yon who love stories must apply to old people of your acquaintance, and it will be a wonder if they cannot narrate legends such os you have heard from mc. Folk tales which have never been taken downstillfloataboutEuropcan countries, and some may have found their way here. I have one in my bead now I never saw hi any book, and I cannot remember when Ifirst heard it. So your fathers and mothers may have stories about the part of the country they came from, which would interest you. Ask them if they never heard tell of astrangeblack dog that used to Beare wayfarers by appearing and disappearing suddenly in lonesome roads, or about old ruins. I remember moro than one place in the south of Scotland that was said to bo haunted by supernatural beings other than fairies. One where thc narrators had really seen soinetliing was said to bo "a gey bogley bit"-a very fiendish place, where a murder had been committed, and thc person who did it hanged-for the custom was to hang thc offender where he did the deed-was almost certain afterwards to bc haunted by a black dog. Soniotimes it stood in the way of a person, and if he avoided it no harm fol- lowed, but if, as a tipsy blacksmith once dill, he tried to drive it out of tho way, he lost his wits and died soon after. Then both iii Germany and Europe stories aro told of wild horsemen and houudB, who arc heard at night in tempestuous weather careering over hill and dale in some awful hunt. Onoe a fanner near Lyme Regis in Dorsetshire had a dog spectre which haunted his house, but as he said it cost nothing, ate nothing, drank nothing, «nd interfered with no one he let it alone. One night when tipsy, and taunted about it, ho made a rush ot it with the poker. Upstairs went the dog, and the farmer after it. Justasitdisappearedoutofánatticwindow lie fetched a blow ut it, but struck the ceiling and brought down a lump of plaster, with it carnea box of money, so that tho consideration and shelter it had received wore well paid for. There used to bc lots nf stories about black dogs in Cornwall and Devon. Onco a herds- man who lind been out late heard the baying of dogs behind him. His home was miles distant, and he ran towards it, but tho pack gained on him. He glanced over hie shoulder and saw the huntsman with fiery eyes, horns, and a tail, and dogs barking lire. Terribly frightened thc man fell on his knees and prayed, whereupon thc huntsman shouted " Bo Shrove "-meaning the boy prays. All stood still a little and then vanished. Here is a story from thc southwest of England. THE HUNTED HARE. There is a place near our town' dilled Heathfield,-a gloomy and solitary waste. Heathfield was theo jost such as evil spirits delight in ; where if people really see nothing, it is quite dreary and vast enough to fancy they sec a great deal, which in these sort of cases is much tho same thin«. On Heathfield thc deviU dance ; I do not know who is thc piper, as we have here no Tam o' Shnntcr to tell us ; but I suppose thc company arc not I without musicians to sive them a few hints in tho "concord of sweet sounds." Now, as the old tale goes, there was, onco upon a time-a mode of dating which all tellers of such tales as mine should never fail to employ, as it sets aside any small cavils that might arise -from those awkward points in settling rialfattathat depend on chronology -there was, once upon a tinto, an old woman, and she made a slight mistake, I do not know how, and got un at midnight, thinking it to ho morning. This good woman mounted her horse, and set off, panniers, cloak, and all, on her way to market. Anon she heard a cry of hounds, and perceived a hare rapidly making towards her. Thc hare, however, took a turn and a leap, and got on the top of the hedge, as if it would say : " Come, catch me," to tho old woman. She liked such hunting os this very well, put forth her hand, secured the game, popped it into the panniers, covered it over, ana rode forward. She had not gone far, when great was her alarm on perceiving in the midst of the dismal and solitary waste of Heathfield, advancing at full pace, a head- less horse, bearing a black ana grim rider, with horus sprouting from under a little jockey cap ; and having a cloven foot thrust into one stirrup. He was surrounded by a pack of hounds, thus noticed by Mary Colling : " Of hounds on If cntliHelri seen to risc, With horned heads and tiaiuitiK eyes." They hnd, according to tradition, tails too, that whisked about and shone like fire, and thc air itself -had a strong sulphureous scent. These were signs not to bc mistaken, and the poor old woman knew in a moment that huntsman and hounds were taking a ride from, thc regions below. Hut it soon appeared that,, however clever the devil might bc, he was no conjurer; for he very civilly asked the old lady if she could set him right, and point out which way tho hore was flown ? l'robablyslie thought it no harm to return the father of lies. I an auswer in his own coin, so she boldly gave i him a negative ; and he rode on, nothing suspecting thc cheat. When bc was out of sight, she soon perceived thc hare in thc panniers begin to move, when to her utter amazement uroBe a beautiful yoting lady, all in white, who thus addressed her preserver : " Good dame, I admire your courage ; and thank you for thc kindness with which you have saved me from a state of suffering that mnst not be told to human ears. Do not start when I tell you that I am notan inhabitant of the earth. For a great crime committed during the time I dwelt upon it, I was doomed, as a punishment in tuc other world, to be constantly pursued eitherabove or below ground hy evil Bpirits, until I could get behind their taila, whilst they passed on in search of me. This difficult object, hy your means, I have now happily effected ; ondas a reward for your kindness I promise that all your hens shall lay two eggs instead of one and that your cows shall yield the most plentiful store of milk all the year round ; that you Bhall talk twice os much as you ever did before, end your husband stand no chance in any matter between you to be settled by the tongue. But beware of the devil, and don't grumble about tithes; for my enemy and yours may do you au ill turn when he finds out you were clever enough to cheat even him ; since, like all great impostors, he does not like to be cheated himsolf. Ho can assume all shapes, excepting the lombaud the dove." The lady in white vanished, as all such white ladies ought to do; the old market woman found the best possiule luck that inorniug in her traffic ; and to this day the story goes in our town, that from the Saviour of tho World having liaUowcd the form' of the lamb, and Hie Holy Ghost that of the dove, they can never be assumed by the mortal enemy of the human race under any circum- stances. 