SPORTIHO. OXtEY JOCKEY CLUB ANNUAL RAOE ilfiEXISfl. (Vkoji oua ow» connEBVoxDEXT.) The above mooting took placo on Tuesday last the 15th iusi, aud hs usual, attracted a fair master ol' both bipeds aud qaadrupedi. The u outlier wax all that could be wished, thought I uru sorry to eay the ' finishes ' of Iho mtioaa.racos wore anything but closo. Ia fact uftor halt lbs disunite had been traversed a ' prjcoesion a la goeno to water was tlio rule, the only exception boiug tho mlliui: races, uud they noro walK-ovoro.' Contrary to the general run of race moetiugi, to which Uxley has preiiously not been an exception, no protest or hitch of any kind occurred lo moke things interesting; bnt, I think the general public— at least most of them that worn there— will side with me when 1 say thut a more orderly, or^woll con ducted race meeting was never. witnessed in this locality, for ivuicli great credit u duo to tho etowards, including tho various officials, especially the starter, Mr F. K. Uarchy, and the judgo, Ml Q. A^.croft, who lire the ' right mon iu theic respective places,' Tno followiiu; are tho p.irticularH :— TBIAIi f'TJlKCi, Of 10 SOVS. Ja«. Brndbury's li.nj.,, 8sl «lb ? 1 h. KolmoH us Olitoito,4yi-, 7h 121b ... 2 W.Johu»tpne'» CorroLg, lyiM, 3»t i* ... 3 Friendship, (io-.is-y(ju-l?^^e, and Mary Wetii also btirtt'd. All ibe hur.os kepi in n buncli lo the Iwll-nulo posi, .wiieu tUoy gradually singled out until they attained a Binglo file, in which order thoy passed the judges box, a good length noparatiug the firB trio, the latter some Je.igchg back. c IIANIIICAI1 HUKDLB RACB Ol M BOVb. L. ProJiina'a iiMy auoloy, Ust lilt) ... I W. John»tooe'« Oorroug, 4yr», 0=1 ... 2 J. G. Howard ns Lothiar, Oyri, 'J.t ... 3 Only thrre started for tins raco, wnicli was b very font one. All tno horsos jumped m^niliciently. not ouo mtkiug a mistake, and tho race iras -Jiui; lioug oua irum start to Ouish. Bally llouloy linished about Z leugths from Oorrong, liothier doing the driviug home about half-n-leii-jth iu iho loar. tELLItlQ 11ACB OF 20 BOVS, Winner to be sold fur A'dU. One mile. Jae. Ellis' b g Councillor, aged, 8st 12lb, 1 Tnero nero lour entries tur this race, but unfortunately it ended in a walk orar tur iho above. o.J.c. handicap of 30 auVs. l£milo). L. Hulinos' us Ueu e, aged Bat lBio ... 1 Jus. Bradbury's Ailsa, aged, 8st till) ... 2 Jas. Ellis' hi E.U., aged, 8« 71b ? 3 Miiday aud Oorrong also stalled, but tho pace boiug too hot and the distance too groat they bud not tho ghost of a nhoir irith that old warrior lienoo iu their company. The motallicaus, ot waich by tne uye thore was a fair sprinkling, Wauled to sell their money ia vniviug ~x wv & ubuuvi nuivu nas ci^iuvaLQUb (0 Uyiug i to 1 against the gold, Ailsa lluislicd about throe leugths to the bad of Qenoo, h-ird hold, »ith K.D. ou herquarters. ilSi'OS.lI, B TAKES of lU SOTS. ^ mile. W, IVuntaiu's ch g Uhoster II, 3yrs, ti=t 51b 1 This race had Uro eutrios, ihuagh ouly one faced tho starter, and iho raco «as consei queutly another, walkover, nciins iian'dicai' of M sors. j mile, Jas. £llis' us ch m Jossie, 4yrs, Ust 12lb 1 Brittou and Uuuohoo's bg Midday, 3y re, 7ol lUlb ? 3 L, Holmes' us oik m Olivette, ?iyr«, rjst 101b ? 3 Go-iia-you-pleiise also started, and acted ai whipper in. Jessie bad u clear course afctr travelling about a quarter of a mile, and finished about throo lengths from Midday, with Olivette close bandy. Not much bettiug was iudulgod in us Jussio'a price was too tiigli, and any thing else would nut 'go dowu.' TUG BETTMX0, This' inevitable wind-up of the programme took place at the Commercial Hotel uu. Wed- nesday morniug ut auout 11 a.m. fit L. Darchy was eleclod to the chair, aud after a very uont and appropriate speech handed the cheques to the various wiuuer«, encli recipient being loudly applauded. i. wouid like to remark before closing my Jettor that 'tbo. wmuora' gave every en couraqemeut to tho Oxley JocKoy Club— that is to its mombors — to become guod templart, as not one glass of 'colonial' or other beverage was ordered ia by those who scooped the pools, 