WHOSE WAS THE HAND? MISS BBADDON. Author of " Lady Aud ley's Secret," " Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men'B Shoes," "Oat by the Oonnty," "Taken at the Flood," •« Weavers and Weft," " One Thing Needful," " Mohawks," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XIX. DAISY'S DIARY. When I was a child, and even last summer, 1 used to think & July day oould not be too leug, provided, of course, that July behaved m J ely, and one oonld bask in the Bunshine on the lawn or on the river, and oool oneself in the shade oi willows in mysterioUB backwaters, where the sedges are fall of bloom and the lilies lie in a tangle of loveliness, lifting their milk-white chalicea to the warm bine sky. This yearl find I am growing old, and that we can have too much even of Jaly, a monotony of loveliness that preys upon one's spirits, a perpetual sunshine that irritates one's nerves. I have only lately discovered what it is to have nerves; and sinoe I made that discovery I seem to have nothing but nerves. Mother asked me yesterday what had become of my sweet temper. She hardly recognised her daughter of a year ago in the fretful joung peraon of to-day. Wat I ever sweet tempered? I asked myself wonderingly. I know I am very nnamlable sow. - 1 was snappish to my dear old Broomfield this very morning. Isnatohed my white frock oat of her hand while she stood shilly-shallying and prosing about it in her dear old rambling way, debating whether It was or was not fresh enough for me to wear. " What does it matter* Mcried impatiently. " There is nobody to see my frook." " Nobody, Miss Duty, when Mr. Cyril is marching up and down by the boathouBe at this very moment waiting for you?" " Cyril is nobody, a fiaaoe - doesn't count," eaid L "Don't he, Mini It waa different in my lime. A young woman always took pains with herself when she had someone to walk out with." «' And yon used to walk out with all sorts of people, I believe, you dear old flirt/] said I, for one of my earliest memories is of Broomfield's long stories about soldiers and abopboys who panded the London parks with her in her previous services. " I always had admirers, Hiss Daisy, bnt I knew how to keep them at arm's length," she answered with dignity. "A young person in eervloe In London must have a respeotable young man to walk out with, or she would ' sever get a breath of fresh air." "Oh, you cruel Broomfield, to think of the •hoc-leather your victims mast hare worn tint, you meaning nothing all the time." ( t Lor, Miss,they're used to it, and it only serves them right," said Broomfield. " They're all a* artful as they're high, and 'they've always an eye to a young woman's Post-office Savings Bank-hook." I enoqpragedthe dear old thing to prattle In this fashion while she fastened my white eambriofrook, and I forgot poor Cyril, who had been -loafing about for the last hour watting for me. I am afraid I am getting tired of the Thames. I am afraid I ajnde- -veloping a horrid, inconsistent, capricious character. How odd it is that one may go on adoring a place for yean, and then weary of it Suddenly, in one week of blazing July . weather/ '•' I hone it Is only * temporary weariness, \- cansedby that very hot weather. Fount&ihbead; showB Its usual dismal -aspect of closed shutters and blinds drawn dovn. Mr. JFiorestan came in a meteor-like manner at the beginning of last week; took tea with mother on Tuesday afternoon while Z was miles and miles up the river with Cyril, . •sswnjsg myself to, death over a silly novel, while hi threw his fly for trout, and seemed \- to do nothing'but entangle his line in the . willows. When I went kownto dinner that * -evening mother informed me that Mr. Jloreatan had done- me the honour to enquire about my health—as if I were ever ill!—and, furthermore that he was to leave Fountainhead early next morning on his way to Scotland, where he was to spend the whole of August and September. I f elt inclined to hate Scotland. " How will Paris get on without him ? I'm afraid tberll-be a revolution, or at least an ^mute," I remarked, flippantly. I have notioed in myself lately that when I feel as if my heart were made of lead lam always indued to be flippant. Why should my heart be heavy ? Why, oh •why ? Cyril is so frank, so clever in his own kright, boyish -way, so altogether what a young man ought to be; ana yet I am not ' satisfied; there Is a terrible sense of failure ' and a life gone wrong always gnawing at my heart. Mother began to talk to me yesterday about my troBseau, but I begged her not to mention the odious thing lor ages. My : drawers and amotresaad hanging- closets are stuffed with clothes of all kinds, and hotr can I want more ! Tme, that I never Beem to have the right kind of gown to wear for any civen occasion. But ! .believe that is a peculiarity of all wardrobes, and I daresay ifl had the most magnificat trosseau I should find before my honeymoon was over that I mu&t; refuse really tempting invitations for want of Appropriate raiment. All this la idle beating about the bush of my " discontent.. I am engaged to be married, and X shrink with actual aversion from the mere thought of the future life I have pledged \- myself to lead," Ilikemy lover with a very cordial liking, and lam happy and at ease in his company so long as he does not remind me that he is my lover, and that he espeoto very soon to be my husband. When he does remind me of that odiouB fact I almost hate him ; just as I' hate the July weather, and the river, and the gardens, and myself most of alL Oh, it is suclra dreadful thing to know one-, self beloved by a good and true heart like Cyril's »sd not to be able to give one's whole . heart in return. If it were not for this good old stupid diary I believe £ should go out of \- my mind. It eases my heart a little to soribble about my thonghts and feelings. I could not JUlkeven tojny dear mother as I oan talk to Shis book. I wonder Mr. floreitan did not Btay one. day longer st Fonntnfnhead, just to Bee tts all again, and to tell OB-the latest newscf Paris. ; . Poor mother has anxieties of her own, and it would be cruel toplague her with mine, ; toven if I could bring myself to talk about my , trouble, wtiQh I am sure I could not. She is very anxious about Uncle Ambrose^ and I don't wonder. He 1B in,very bad health, and X fear that his mental health is in question, |md that seems more hopeless and more full of alarm for the future than any bodily aitjiw&t.; \- ' - w He. came-back-to JUver Lawn .reluctantly, and I have aeen him .change for the worse day by day since we came here.. He spends Jul his studious hpurs in the old oottage, .aitting in the library where be has all his choicest books, and where he did so much good work in past years. But even in- his jstndious hours he isfeitless, and'comeB back to his house every now and then in a capricious, purposeless way just to say a few words to, mother, or to wander, about the garden for a few minutes and to stand looking dreamily at the river an if he had some season for leaving his books and coining serosa the road and had forgotten it on the way. Be will not admit that he is ill, nor will he consent to consult a physician, though mother has urged him to see any one of the great men in .whom everybody believes. He deolares that he has never in his . life consulted a doctor on his own account, and that he is too old to begin. "I remember a sleek, white-haired gentleman with gold-rimmed spectacles who felt my pulse and looked at my tongue every day for a fortnight when I had the measles," he •aid, "and who dosed fiie with" nauseous medioine three times a day and with nightly powders. He gave me a poor opinion of the faculty which I have never been, able to outlive." ... , . It ir all very well for him to make light ot his ailments and to.refuse all advice; but I know he is ill and very ilL He has a narwous irritability at times which makes him altogether unlike the Uncle Ambrose of old; anfl something happened the other day which makes me fear that his nerves are in a worse obndition than even mother suspects, anxious though she is about him. I was dawdling in the. hall after playing tennis all the morning with Cyril, who really is quite the finest player I know. I was examining my racket before I put it in the «tand, and was almost hidden by one of the oak pillars, which stood between me and the library door. \- The garden door opened while I was standfag there and Uncle Ambrose came into the bul, looking white and weary, as heGO often looks now. He opened the door of my father's old study, expectlngtofind mymothar there. "Clara, he said, as he opsnei the door. She was not there, and the room wa; «mpty. He stood upon the threshold woticnless for some moments — for soma minutes it seemed to me as I watched him standing there, rigid as a stone figure,staving into the empty room—then he gave a groan 6f agony, staggered back into the hill, *ud eankintoa chair, andsat there languid almost to fainting, wiping the perspiration fro 03 hi-: forehead. I could see his band tremble as he drew his handkerchief outr of his coatpocket. I came from behind the pillar and ran to hfib. Be gave a cry at sight of me just as If I had been a ghost. I offered to get him acme brandy, but he said tbem BUS no occaeion. He had only suffered from a sudden faintcees, which had -come pvsr feitp a? hp Apentd the library door. "Don't tell your mother," he said, "it would only alarm her causelessly." " But she ought to know," I told him. " Indeed, indeed, indeed, Uncle Ambrose, you must consult some clever physician— you must not go on any longer like this." " Well, child, I will consult a physician, if my submission upon that paint will make you and your mother any happier; although I oan tell you beforehand that no doctor in London —not the whole College of Pnysicians —can do any good for me. The evil I suffer from is purely nervons, and no doctor has yet fathomed the mystery of the nerves, any more than a theologian has fathomed the mystery of the worlds that lie behind this life or in front of it." •1 took his hand in mine and found it as cold as ice, and the perspiration kept starting ont afresh upon his forehead. His whole being seemed convulsed and shattered. I had heard of catalepsy, and I could but think that he was in a cataleptic state during those minutefe in which he stood on the threshold of the library. If you will promise to go up to London to-morrow with mother to see a doctor I will not tell her anything about thiB attack to-day," I said ; " but if you refuse 1 mnst tell her." " Haven't 1 eaid that I will do anything to please you and your mother, Daisy?" He kept his word, and mother and he went off to Cavendish-square, and my cousins from Harley-street came down for a long day at tennis. I can only say that it was a long day. The interval between lunch and tea was a Pacific Ooean of time. I thought the blessed break of afternoon tea would never come; but the tea kettle appeared at last, and mother and her husband came home soon after. She knew I was almost as anxious aB herself, and ehe told me all the doctor had said. It did not seem to amount to much, but no doubt it was comforting. All the wisdom of Cavendish-square might be summed np under three heads—a judioiouB diet, as per halfpage of notepaper filled with the great man's writing—less intellectual work—and bromide of potassium. The diet was the most important point, acoording to the physician, and I suppose he was right, and that an injudicious he! Iping of Ayleabnry duok may have been the cause of that strange seizure at the door of my father's old den. Cyril took his father's illness rather lightly. I told him of the attack, though I said sot one word about it to mother. " My father is paying the penalty of having no fixed purpose or pursuit in life ; he is suffering from too much money and too much metaphysics. He has a brain capable of better work than he has ever done, and he is beginning to suffer from wasted energies." " But he has written books that have made their mark in the mort intellectual circles," eaid L " Yes, and therefore books that the British public don't care twopence about—books that interrogate everything and solve nothing, books that leave ns not one hair's breadth further advanced towards the comprehension of the three great mysteries of matter, life, and mind than Aristotle and Plato left ns three hundred and fifty years before the birth of Christ" "Some of the reviews said that your father's book marked a new era in philosophy," said I. " My dear Daisy, Philosophy is like the sea. The waves rise and fall, and change their forms every hour; but the shore is always at exactly the - same distance from mid-ooean." I ielt that it seemed hard upon Uncle Ambrose that the son should make so light of the labours of the father's lifetime. Oh, I am wicked, desperately wicked, steeped to the lips in falsehood and dishonour. I ought never to have listened; I ought to have silenced him in the first moment as I silenced him at last. He is too honourable a man to have insisted upon speaking had I been firm. But the crisis of my life came upon me suddenly. Those impassioned words took me unawares, and I longed so to hear all he had to say. I wanted so much to know the secret of his heart, though that heart could never be mine. Gilbert Florestan had not goneto Scotland after all. When I awoke yesterday morning I thought of him far away in Argyllshire. I pictured the barren heatheryhiUs, russet and palest green under the baking July sky, as flora and Dora—who go everywhere—have often described them to me; and I thought how much nicer those wild hi Us above the Eyles of Bute must be than our pretty little toyshop river with its willowy eyots, which look as if one could hold them in the hollow of one's hand. I felt such a longing for Scotland yesterday morning, almost as if I were homesick for a country I had never seen. 1 begin to think I must have a Soottiah anoestor hidden in some oorner of the family tree. Ail our fanoies and vagaries are put down to heredity nosradaye, and certainly yesterday morning I felt Scotoh blood seethicg and bubbling in my veins. But he was not in Scotland. Mother had misunderstood him about the- date of his journey, or else he had changed his mind. At any rate be had only gone to London to see about guns and fishing tackle for the autumn .; and there he was yesterday morning at U o'clock coming suddenly between me aqd the light as I sat reading alone in summer- honee in the shubbery. Cyril had left UB by an e&rly; traia for a -two days' visit to a Manor House near.Guildford, in religious observance of one of those college friendships which young men esteem so highly. His friend, had "telegraphed to him urgently, " Come," and he went; having carefully ascertained .first that I did not mind. How I wish I had minded mere. 1 felt a eense of relief when I saw him drive away from the gate, and yet I was dall without htm. ' I missed his cheerful society, which generally makes thought impossible, and I sat thinking deeply in the stillness cf the shubbery : where there were no birds singing any mors it seemed. Z had boots, work, a little sketch-block, and colour-bos, ample means for employment or amusement; and yet I sat idly thinking, idly dreamiag, and picturing a life that was not the life I had pledged myself to lead. In the midst of these vain and foolish dreams he whose image had mixed itself with all of them 'Stood suddenly before cue. I looked up and saw him ^standing there, -mute and serious. My guilty conscience sect the blood up to my face in a great wave of crimson. I oould not speak, nor I think could he just at first. "I thought you were in Scotland," I said at last, and I really felt fts if it was a brilliant remark. He explained, and,the Bound of our voices having made UB both jut a little more at oar ease, he sat down in the only empty chair, and took up my books, one by one, and looked at their titles.. ._..... " How learned you are," he said. " Cousiu Spinosa Beid; -I did not think that little girls troubled their curly heads about philosophy." " 1 am sot a little girl," I answered, huffed at this impertinence, "and philosophy is my Uncle Ambrose's favourite subjaat. tie taught me all I know, and I like to read tiio subjects that interest him." "Have you read muoh thiB morning:'' he asked, looking me straight in the faoe, with a cruelly deliberate scrutiny. Again the hot blood rushed up to cheekB and brow, and I felt that he must know by my wretched blushes that I had not read a word ; that I had just given over my heart and my mind to utterly foolish thoughts of him.; profitless thoughts of whit might have been if I had not engaged myself to Cyril that day at Toroello, and if he, Gilbert Florestan, had happened to care just a little for mo. Could any daydream be wilder or more unbecoming a girl with the eiightess notion of self-respect? I felt I had degraded myself by my own felly, and that I was hardly worthy to li"e. : " Have you read much this morning':" he asked again, provokingly persistent. . "-Not very much."' . " If you were like me yen would not have read half a dozen consecutive lines. I have not been able to read proparly for many weeks. An linage comes daaeicg tloag the printed lines and dazzles ms—like that kjisotrum of the sun we see. upon the pigs of a book after we have looked at the suu himself. I have been no good for intellectual work for ever so long. Miss Hatrell." It was a relief when he called me Misb Hatrell, for I had besa trembling leat he shouid call me UiUy. It was a relief to find him properly ceremonious ; but I did net know how brief the respite was to ba and how soon he was going "to shatter thicitadtl of my eclf-respcct. Be looked at all the books rearranged them methodically on the table, took up my sketch- block and looked criti caily at the half-finished sketch of a groGp of tycarriores by th9 bend ia th9 opposite shore. I doa't enppose he recognised t'oem, though bo must have known the originals frcm his boyhood. I took my little bit of embroidery out of iny basket. It was one of niv numerous beginnings ia a new etyla cf «01 k, which don't often go beyond thepreiin 1 Laij itsjf. I threaded my needle caref-i!'y Eilk of the wrone colour and began uf aftiiroll. livery stitch had 60 come 01:* inn I took up my work again this mornik'fcT 1 dm't oeem to bare known what colour 1 was UEi: " iii=e LTitre!!," he eaid at last, " when is thie marriage to he V 1 I concluded that he must mean my nr.attiaxe. tliojgh he put nb ij'iestiou ra'hcr ' vaguely, " I rtors't kBi*. Tbnre is no dite fixed yet. Nit for ages, perhaps." " A ecu in a young Udy'a vocabulary gen°raliymean weeks. There is no date UJSI 1 J But the marriage'is fixed, I suppose. There ia no doubt as to tbat 1' "No,"' I answered resolutely. "Tnere is no doubt; there never has beea any doubt; there is no room for doubt." You have, never felt the BllghteBt inclination to withdraw your promise. SacU things have been done, you know, and in all honour. Better to discover now than later that yo ir heart is not wholly given to your fiance. Better for yen, happier for him. It is not an honourable act to marry a man you do not love, only because you have promised rashly." " I have promised, and I mean to keep my word," I answered, Btill resolute; aad now the crimson flush, the fiery heat of that fierce ehamc, had cooled, and I oould feel from the faint sickness of my sinking heart that I must have turned deadly pale. "I have many reasons for being true to my promise which you cannot know—motives of gratitude, motives of aSeotion. I am not romantically in love with my fianci. I don't think there are many romantic msLrriages in our day. Girls have grown more sensible. They no longer take their ideas of life from Byton&nd; Moore." I knew that I was rattling on in a most ridiculous way; but 1 felt constrained to talk. It waB my only meanB of hiding my confuBion, a kind of cuttlefish vivacity, by which I hoped to hide my thoughts in a cloud of word?. Mr. Florestan leant his arms upon the table where my books and works were Bcattored. and watched my Ifaca earnestly whilui spoke as if be was reading the thonghts behind all my foolish babble. "You are not romantically in love with your fulur," he repeated slowly, "but you have promised to be his wife, and ?you mean to keep your proisise. You are perfectly contented with your lot. I think that is the gist of which you have just said to me, Mies Hatrell. That ia what you mean." " Yes," I answered stifly, "that IB what I mean." "Then I can only aek you to pardon my impertinent questioning, and wish you goodby." he said, rising slowly, and taking his hat, which he had put upon the bench beside him. " I shall go to Scotland to-night." He held out his hand and I gave him mine without a word. I wonder which was the colder. I thought of Mrs. Browning's simile of the stone in the brook." Ah; if mjr hand could have lain in the hollow of his comforlaJbUj, aB his possession, with what wild .happiness this heart would have beaten. We parted so with a most admirable gravity. Sir Charles Graudison and Miss Byron could not have behaved any better in a similar situation. And then, all at once, aa I heard his footstep grinding the-gravel Satan got hold of me, ana 1 ran after bim. I did more than run: I flew. He was walking very fast, and I only caught him within a few paces of the gate which opens oat of the shrubbery into the road close to hia own domain. "Mr. FJoreatsc," I gasped, too breathless to say more. He turned aud faced me, still iwith that Grandisonian gravity. "I hope you are not angry with me," 1 said, inanely. " Angry ! What right have I to be angry returned he. "I ventured, perhaps over boldly, to ask a question. You have answered it frankly, and there is an .end. Whatever hope led me to you this morning is a hope that has vanished. Nothing less than the knowledge that you are unhappy in your engagement to Mr. Arden would justify me in telling you what I might tell if honour would allow. Oh, Diisy, Daisyj'Vhe cried, clasping my hands, and changing in one instant from Sir ChiWee Grandison to the most animated and impassioned of men, " why do you tempt me to say wh»t were better unsaid—if—if you have really made up your miud. Don't trill 2 with me; don't fool me. Oh, I think :I undei stand you. I know what women are^ even the best of them. You are going to marry Cyril Arden, but you would like, just for Bpcrt.to know how hard hit I am. Very hard hit. Daisy. The arrow has gone home to its mark, aud it is a poisoned dart that will leave its venom ic the wound for many and many a year. Is it not a.pleasure, my sweet one, te -know that in making one man happy you will make another man miserable . " No, it is not a pleasure : aud Lam utterly wretched," 1 said; and, as the tears were rolling down my cheeks he could not help believing me. He took me in his arms, and heldxie to his heart, and kissed my forehead and my hair— kiEsed me, Cyril's promised wife—aud I let him, ont of sheer misery. I was too completely broken down with woe to make a good fight for honour. "Dearlove, break this foolish engagement; soatter your precipitate vows to the winds. It will be better for everybody—for Arden, whom you don't care about; for me, who adore you .; and even for your sweet, sweet self, whose heart beats throb for throb with mine—like' the rival engines which wi£ be racing to Scotland through the sumrnrr night, one of them carrying me away from yon I had recovered my senses by this time, and wrenched myself from hia arms. " How cruel of you to take such advantage of my helplessness," I said, trying ta smooth dewn the Huffy curls upon my poor ill- need forehead. " Sir Charles wouldn't have doae such a thing." "Sir Charles .<" he echoed, docbtlessthinking me mad. " I am very sorry that I was so foolish as to follow you," I eaid. " There was really no reason for my doing aucb an abcurd thing. Only £ wish to part friende." "That means you are obdurate to both your victims; You will marry Arden not cariss a straw for him—sad you wiLi break my heart, cuing perhaps just a little more than a straw for me." " You are very impertinent for miking sncb a suggestion," I said, with all the hauteur I could summon to my voice and countenance, and it is very difficult fer a girl cf my disposition to summon any. The fairy who ought to have supplied me with feminine dignity and proper self-respect muct certainly have taken cSence at my christening, for £ feel myself lamentably deficient ia those qualities, and I really think the want of them is worse than a spiadle through one's band. Worse than e. spindle. Worse than an after dinner nap ot & century. What if I were to eleep for a hundred yeiri aad Gilbert Flcieetan were to wake me, " in that new wcrld which is the old !" Ah, why have we no fairies now ? Why has life no Eweet enjprises ? Why has everything In my life gene wrong : Be did not notice my reproach, " Is there no hope, Daisy 5" hs asked, pr3 nouncing my name as if he had never bees accustomed to address me by any other. "1 have tcld you that I mean to be traa to my rromise," I eaid. " I am ashamed of myself lor ba"iaggiven you tha idea that I could possibly wavsr. Good bye, once more, and a pleasant journey to Argyleshire." I did not offer to shake hands with him again. It would have seemed absurd afser hia aivful conduct three minutes before. I turned and ran back to the arbour aa faat he ever I could go. and I .i^csed the driest and most pessimistic of the bofks upon my table, aud read and read and read for an hour aud & half, till mother came to look for me, and to tell methattheIuncaeoug3Qgha.ilsounded ever eo long a jo, I shut my book with a fcana, asi wsat meekly back to the house with tha dear mother, and I had net the least little bit of nation what I had been reading, cxap'e like Hamlet's book that it was " words, words, words." I hated myself as I had never listed myself before, though I have been ever keenly alive to my oirn hitelalness, to my hideous propensity for doing or Baying th9 worit things on every possible Gccaisicn. To-day self scorn v. as shsrp a? an acu!. bodily p»iu, as a raging tooth-ache, far or a gnawit'g rheumatism. Why Lul I so betrayed tr.ysclf, why had I gone out of my trav to let him see that I love him, and thit ray fidelity to Cyril is only maintained b7 a struggle. That while I was dismissing tii.n and his love as a hopeless case, I was to throw myself into his arms and cay, " Let us go to Scotland together, let us ba married by the blacksmith at Gretna Green ; it" ther; is any such person &n; the blacksmith, or any such place as Gretna Green left for true lovers in thie unromantic acre." I felt that ha would never moro hwa a good or proper opinion of me. I felt that :f be bad had & eiBter turn out like me ha would have considered her a disgraos to the family. I was more completely miserable than I had ever been Eince those weary days at WcEt^atc-on-Sea, when tho misery of my father's death was a new thing, and wben I was parted from my mother. A kiud ol helplessness and a dull aching sense of degradation had taken hold of me, and the worst of all was that for the first time in my life I dared not confide In my mother. We sat opposite each other at the luncheon table, neither of us caring to eat—she low-spirited about my stepfather, who was buried in hie book-room over at the cottage, I dumb and despairing. When the silence was at last broken it wa? that dear mother of mice who broke it in jasi the way which of all others jarred upon my irritated nerves. " Diisy," ehe said, " It is absolutely necessary to arrive at some definite idea about your marriage. Cyril has been pleading witb me verj earnestly, poor fellow. Ho is tired of his solitary exieteBce in chambers; tired of bachelor amusements. He is really very fond of you. and he waata to begin his domestic life." Aad then ehe went on in her sweet, tender way, which brought the tears into my eyes, to remind me that though very young, I 'am no younger than she was when she oast ia her lot wish my lather, and to tell me a.'im/ as she had so otten told me, how completely happy her wedded life was. The mo-a the said about shat perfect union the msro miserable I felt, until ut last the tens rolUJ down my cheekB, and my handkerchief be came a mere wet rag, and I felt that, if I wad like any bride at all it was the Mou'iiim; Bride in somebody's play, of whom all i knowis that hei existence gave occasion for a much quoted line about music, and »n over praised descriptive pafsage about a t^mf.le. " Do you tnick you could make no your mind to be married ia the autumn, D±isy ?" mother asked, at laBt. I believe she took my tears to be only ihe expression of a general soft hearteduose— there are eeme girls whose eyes brim over at a tender word—and not as indicative 01 sorrow, for ehe asked the question quite cheerfully. " Which autumn?'' inquired I. " This coming autumn, naturally." " Why, mother, that woald be directly." " No, dearest, we are only in July. Suppose we were to fix upon October for the wedding. That would give us three months for your trousseau. All other thint;-? arcrtady. Your charming rooms in Gro&veaor-; Equare, and at least half this house, Y JUI step-father and I will be over- housed even then; especially &B; Ambrose does not love this place, and would ltke to travel durLug some part of every year." " i T ee, there is room enough for us all," 1 «aid ;" and as for the troussaau I dun'c nare a straw about it. You have dressed me so well all my life that I never hunger for new clothes. It is only the badly dresBed girls who are eager for wedding finery." " Leave the trousseau to me, then, Daisy," said inoth«r, "and I will take care that it id worthy of the dearest girl in the world. 1 may tell Cyril that he 6hall begin his new life before the end of October, may I not?" " Tell him just what you like, mother," I answered, with a heart as heavy as lead. ''You mnst be the best judge of what is riah 1 -." l left her a few minutes afterwards to go back to the garden. I felt B restlessness which made it impossible for ms to stay in the house; a perpetual fever and worry which seemc-d a of the heavy burden that weighed on my spirits. And, oh, I hod been eo happy, so happy iu that very garden only a year ago. I want to do what ia right. If I made a mistake about my own feelings at Torcello it is not right that another should suffer for my thoughtlessness and folly. I 'cave my pro mise far too lightly. It never occurred to me how solemn a thing it is to pledge one's love for a lifetime. I was rather pleased to be engaged, to have Cyril for my own property ; and whenever doublings or questionings arose in my miud I told myself that as time went on, and we grew older, I should grow more and more attached to him, being really very fond of him, in & sisterly kind of way, to begin with. Oaly ffhen we were leaving Paris did I discover how dreadfully I had misread my own heart: for then only did I know what love—such love as mother felt for her sweetheart— really means. It was j ast in one moment, in that partiug'&t; the station, that the dreadful truth flashed upon ine. Oh, the heartache of parting, the look in hia eyes which seemed to plead for'pity, to urge me to be brave, and cast off the pretence of love and own boldly to the reality. He was not openly dishonourable ; he waited for me to break my bonds. He couid cot know bow strongly £ was bound in gratitude and family love, as well aB ic honour, to Cyril. Nobody except mother and lean ever know how much I owe to Uacle Ambrose. No, there is no possibility of revoking my premise, and Cyril is ail that is good sad true ; aad I daresay my life will be my happy with him. I have but to forget those two short weeks in Paris, and this mcming in the crbcur, and his face when he left me. Not much surely to forget, 6eetng bow much women do forget nowadays; seeing hew quickly mothers forget their lost children and sons and daughters their parents, and the most sorrowful widows the hasbands they once adored. Forgetfulnesa must be easier than it seems to one, while memory is still fresb. I went back to the house, too restless to stay long anywhere, and on my wiy to the haQ door I was startled by a most hateful apparition in the person of the odioas Frenchman who attacked me iu Churchstreet, aad who seems to have interwoven bliscelf with our liv«3 by bis perelst-nt appeals to my stepfather's charity. I kcor? how kind &nd; eoft-heaited Uncle Ambrose is: and yet I should have given him credit for more firmnees of mind than to allow himself to be huiited down by a ne'er-do-weel of this kind. The man was coming from the gate towards the hs.ll door when we met face to face, and he looked considerably abashed at encountering tne. " Ab, you ma? well feel ashamed of yourself," I said, indignantly. Vta, X am the Udy yi'a had the .audacity to waylay in the street when you were tipsy. "You are Miss Hatrell," he faltered, locking an absolute craven. " V cb, I am MisH H&trelL; What do you want at ir,y mother's house ? " " I want to see—my employer—yaur stepfather." He said those two words, " My employer" is a most detestable manner, implying contempt for tho man for whom he had worked, and by whom he had no doubt been liberally paid. " Mr. Arden is over the way at his outage," I eaid. "You cm to to him there if you like. You will cot be admitted into my mother's house." He locked at ine from head to foot with a vei-y insolent expression ; but as his cyos met mine his countenance changed suddenly, and there was mora of fear than of insolenne in bis look. His oolour faded to a sickly pallor, and he turned on his heel abruptly, muttering something which I did net hear. Ho walked quickly to the gate end «vent out, and the ehrug of his shoulders as he swung the gate open might mean anything in the world. My boudoir window overlooks the iase, and I saw him nearly an hour after wavds leave the cottage. He looked bath angry and crestfallen, and I fancy Uncle Ambrose had not proved eo amenable as the applicant had cxpccted. I wonder whether he had aentioned our meeting in Church-street tlus time. 1 think not. The part he played iu tii&t; encounter would scarcely recommend him to my stepfather's geserosity. 