LIFE AS DRAWN BY SHAKESPEARE AND MOLIERE. j Moliere and Shakespeare had an entirely J different conception of life. Shakespeare saw it moving, troubled, changing, uncir cu inscribed in its development by human will, subject to "the winds and the rain and all the breezes that blow." He says in one of those passages of the "Two Noble Kinsmen" which were evidently written by him:— This world's a city full of straying streets, And death's the market-place where each one meets. It is in these straying streets that Shake speare irioveti, tho obscUre labyrinth where man goes blindly, meetiiig here an ambiisli, there a precipice, and where he changes for tune from a chance meeting. There is noth ing certain,not one of his characters who could swear to what he will do an hour later. They do not belong to themselves. They are so much the plaything of a higher force that they do nob even feel sure of their con science. "I believe myself passably virtuous," says Hamlet. But who shall explain Hamlet? Hamlet is an enigma. How far was he mad? When is lie completely mad? But no one in these plays is quite sane. Lear is out of his senses long before he is demented ; Macbeth has hallucinations; Othello sees blood at first word ; Brutils talks to a ghost) that terrible sceptib Richard IIL sees visions. Events themselves sometimes seein half crazy, What I have said of "Macbeth" might be said of "Romeo arid Juliet," where in five days Juliet sees, ioves, marries, dias, and resus citates, and dies once more. All is falsehood, deceit, iboivildermcnt. This cavalier, it is Rosalind; this page, Imogen; this judge, Portia; this statue, Hermione. One scene in " King Lear" makes Lear (who goes mad from sorrow) and an exile (who pretends to madness) and a fool (who is mad by profession) all talk together amid tho thunder and lightning. Wa ask ourselves, Where are we? Who are we? Prospero tells us:— We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our littl# life Is rounded with a sleep. Shakespeare saw life as in a dream, and thus he has shown it. Moliere saw things in their reality. He went down to the im mutable. As for life, in his plays he sees it simple. Only those ."events happen which happen to all of ua. We love, we marry, have children, we consult the doctor, we die. The other incidents that may occur spring from the shock of character; they can bo deducted logically one from the other, and would remain in the control of man if he would but listen to reason. And this is the great moral that can be drawn from Moliore: keep your head, and all will go well. His work is as clear as day; hatred 0£ vice shows itself, and the love of truth—no platonic love, but an active love, armed and fighting to the last hour. For Moliere is in the thick of tho crowd; Shake speare dwells in the Temples of Serenity; he observes, sombre at first, peacefully later on; and he gives to our meditation and reflection the immense and painful spectacle of the world, but draws from it no rule, for what rule can be found used in a dream? Perhaps, to finish, it might be said that Shakespeare teaches us to think, but that Moliere teaches us to live.—C. Coquelin, in "Century Maga zine." Too Long without Food.—The evil habit of going too long without food is one from which many people suffer in the pre sent hurrying age. Men sit in their offices, women rush about at their shopping, and both become so obsorbed in their interests that the period of hunger is allowod to pass, and the period of fatigue and depression to sot in. The worst of it is that once the second stage is reached the desire for food is gone, and after many hours' abstinence the man or woman is too exhausted to digest a meal when they get it. To avoid this ex treme, it is only necessary to tako the most light and rapid repast during the hungry stage. A Glass of milk or merely a biscuit while hungry will prevent the after loss of appetite. And yet many prefer to ruin their health rather than take the trouble to turn into a dairy shop and drink a glass of milk. —" Hospital' A Modern Moses.—The waters of the flood were pouring through "VVilliamsport, Pa. ; the people stood in the windows of the houses in the higher part of the city, and watched the trees, broken bits of timber, and furniture carried by. At last, floating rapidly on the current, came a cradle ; it lay upon the water as quietly as a boat. A gentle man who was watching it, decided that there was a passenger aboard the queer craft, and jumping from his window into the water, he swam out and peered over the side of the cradle. Sure, enough there, sleeping as quietly as though z-ocked by its mother's hand to the sweet sound of a lullaby, was a tiny baby. The gentleman towed the cradle back to the window, from which a lady leaned and carefully lifted the baby out. There was nothing to tell the baby's nsmo or where it came from ; whether some mother had put the little cradle and baby out on the stream when she saw she could not save it, hoping that what did occur would occur— that the cradle would carry its precious pas senger safely till some modern Pharaoh's daughter should rescue it; or whether the house where it came only six weeks before as a blessing, was wrecked before the people realised what had happened. But safe and sound, warm and dry, sleeping peacefully, was this little six-weeks-old boy, whose daintiness and beauty have opened up a dozen homes to him. But who can tell 1— the father and mother may even now be watching every paper to gain some word of .the darling voyager. The best throw with the dice is to throw them away. 