CHAPTEE VII. IN THE ROYAL PROCESSION. 'The Countess Straven'sky ? ' said Philip, re- peating Beppo's information. ' Yes, sir, a Russian who looks like a -Vene- tian.' ' Your friend ? ' remarked Jenny, with a curious note of interrogation in her tone and manner. " I presume so," said Philip, as calmly as he could, with his heart beating at double quick time, and all his good virtuous resolves eva- porating. ' An unexpected stirprise,' said Walter. : -""You should surely say an unexpected pleasure,' .remarked Dolly, who was instinctively and other "wise-jealoüs offthe Russian beauty. _ " ' Did you, know she was coming to Venice ?' "asked Jenny. ? ¡ . ' . ' No,' said Philip. .-' I understood she was going to St; Petersburgh.' " ' Did she know we were coming to Venice ?' Dolly asked. , ' I don't quite remember ; -perhaps my mother may have mentioned it,' Baid Philip, suddenly finding his voice. ' She is no doubt here fdr the fêtes.' ' No doubt,' said Jenny. They slackened speed by the Bridgé of Sighs, where a barge-load of musicians were entertaining a little cluster of gondolas in which were many merry people, who joined pianissimo in the chorus of ' Funiculi Fwnicula.' The moon shone full lipon the . canal, and the scene had. a soothing and fascinating effect. Philip found himself strangely under its influence. None of the little party spoke for some time. Dolly's hand found its way to Philip's in a timid enquiring fashion. Philip struggled hard to hold it with the sincerity that had a few minutes before actuated all he had said and felt in regard to Dolly and the future of their two lives ; but the red gondola had left behind it a trail of feverish sentimènt, and he was once more in imagination travelling with a certain passenger by train from London to Dover. How mean and untrue he felt all at once, how unworthy of the con- fidence of the pure-spirited, high-minded, kind- hearted London girl ! . We will, return now, , Beppo/ said Mrs. Mill banke. ' Yes, Madame/ said Beppo. The .two gondoliers bent their backs to their work, and the boat rushed through the moonlit waters: In a few minutes they were at the- hotel. ' It is a, showy boat, that red gondola/ remark- ed Jenny to Beppo, as he gavé her his hand for thc shore. ? : ,V -.. ' Oh, yes/ said Beppo. ' But. we sh all look as smart as that to-morrow, eh, Beppo?' said Walter. ' Yes, yes/ said Beppo, grinning- fyour excel- lency has good taste.' And lie had ; for the next day, when Bepjjo and his comrade took ott' their hats at the steps and offered: their broad palms . to assist the ladies into their pretty vessel, both Dolly and Jenny express- ed their surprise and de . light.' ' Beautif ul ! ' said Jenny. ' What a change ! Is , this the same gondola ? ' asked Dolly. Beppo showed his white teeth, and his fine figure . was complemented by his fine dress, a rich blue cloth with crimson sash. The gondola was elegantly fur- nished with blue silk cush- ions ( and Oriental rugs, and at the shining steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk Union Jack, the red and blue of which the bluish-green water reflec- ted back again as if in token of amity and admira- tion. It was a glorious day. The sun was far away in a blue sky. There was not a cloud. A pleasant breeze came ¡in a warm genial ripple from the Adriatic. It seemed like an invita- tion to every sentiment of love and friendship. ' All* the world is happy/ it might have been saying, , ' And this, is the loveliest .spot in . all the world.' Philip tried to think so. 'On the Other side of the .lagoon the Church of. Santa Maria del Giglio was decorated for ( illumi- nation at. night. On the left, beating up towards them were a couple of the great boats of the] River Po, .with pointed stern and enormous , rudder, the sun finding out rich tones in the ridges of their furled sails, the red-tasselléd caps of the sternsmen presenting grateful points of colour on the black and brown of the hull and deck; As Beppo lëaned upon his oar, the gondola shot away from the shadow of a great P. and O. steamer gay with bunting and sparkling with tiny lanius. The statue of the King was still enveloped in its white covering like a daylight ghost ; and along the river the glassy trees ready to be lighted at night had an odd, out-of-place appearance. But there was a gay stream, of , people, walking, and quite as much bustle on the water with flashing gondolas and gay barges getting ready to join in the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile shot right up into the blue sky, the banners of St. Mark's flew in front of that dazzling church. On the right, by the Cus- tom House, a little fleet of coasters rested at anchor, but with their sails .still more or , leBS set, brown and yellow, and here and there decorated with strange devices. The Church of Santa Maria della Salute slept on the water, in spite of its framework of ' Vauxhall lamps, which at night were to; mark, its beautiful architectural lines against the starry sky. Mags were flying everywhere. From tlie windows of the gorgeous palaces hung rich brocades and Oriental draperies, ' tapestried stories of ancient days. In the balconies were pretty women, and below were picturesque men. Crowds were hurrying from all sorts of by-streets, and boats working their way from all kinds of mysterious canals. It was a wonderful scene. It dazed Philip. He had never beheld anything-so impressive m its picturesqueness. All his memories of Russia, and his recollections of English out-door displays, found nothing to compare with this informal kind of public demonstration, unregulated alike as regards the people as it was in regard to the decorations of the palaces, the varied colours of the flying boats, and without a single obtrusive . hint Of a master hand in the preparations for the illuminations at night. Nothing seemed to have . been designed, and yet everything was perfect in arrangement and colour, and so overwhelming was the beauty of the architectural avenue through which they were making their way, so superb the sunshine, that even the theatrical tokens of the night to come were absorbed; and became unobjectionable. There was on all hands a general air of delighted expectation. Here and there between the palaces 'WhilèBeppo was romancing -?? rt ». ito-English party came out' a'nd at odd points, are .steps leading to distant water streets, and these were coigns of vantage for the sovereign people, who filled up the open spaces. Among .these democratic assemblies were some of the most beautiful women in the ' world. The poorer citizens of this city in the sea . have inherited a physical lovliness, the tradition ? of which has come down to us from classic : history, and which lives in the never dying art of Italy, in the pictures by famous masters, and better still in .the women of this nineteenth century who still go about the streets of Venice ' bareheaded and with slippered feet. Presently the fleet of gondolas and gorgeous barges came. as it seemed to a .sudden anchor. All the varying and flitting colours of the moment stood still in one spot, as if the .finger of Fate had paused in turning life's kaleidoscope to permit of a restful observation of some specially lovely design that had been developed after many . changes. It was a.happy jumble of artistic form and tone of radiant colour, and subdued hues of brown and blue in the shadows. So beautiful ! was. the picture that it looked as if it might fade \- away at any moment, and leave Leicester-square or the. Strand mockingly, behind. This is how Philip felt, and how he phrased it in his mind in one of those moments when he was not on the look-out for the red góndola. At length the j distant.whistle of a- railway; train waa .heard. . Then everybody knew that the King and Queen of Italy, the idols of the people, and justly so, were steaming across the marshes. Next there was a firing of big guns ; then the music of military bands, the air El Hey; anon there is a movement ashore, and in sympathy therewith a movement on the canal ; at last the picturesque chaos-begins to assume something like a pleasant irregularity of order ; the day's pageant has begun. Picture the scene. It is almost impossible to describe it. You. might be told the names of every great barge ; the period of the costumes of the rowers; it would be easy to give you a running fire of historic titles and architectural characteristics of the palaces that are ranged on either side of the procession,. each one with'a wonderful history ; but by and by yoxi would begin to skip the record and search for the red gondola. It is therefore best to supply you with material for fancy. You' can fill in the details from Ruskin, George Sand, Ouida, Triarte, Howells, Rogers, and the established guide books. Get into your mind-something of the atmosphere of the most romantic period .of the world's history. Think of the haughty Doges in their magnificent robes. Try and. realise what Venice was. Then remember what she is, a poetic and, pathetic' wreck of her imperial ^greatness-the stage remaining with its gorgeous properties, its superb sets, its noble architecture, ita glorious sky, the actors dead and gone ; but to-day moved and radiated with the new life of a better age, with nobler aspirations, with \- outfit is; true, the inspi- ration of barbaric and cultured art to make the day '} shine and glitter with . gold and precious stones, . yet exhibiting . artistic links between then and now. . ' Think of these things, , : arid. then look ?? around . yon and note this modern pageant, with its relics of the past, its superb costumes, and .animated with an ambition quite as laudable as that which built St. Mark's and decorated it with beaten gold. Imagine yourself with the Milbànké's and Philip and Dolly Norcott in the midst of this . procession, the most impressive since the govern- ment of the Council of Ten. It is a moving mass of energetic life and brilliant colour. There has ' been nothing so. gorgeous on these classic' waters ?since the Carnival pageants of the fourteenth century. ' Among the guests and visitors are . representatives of the most famous of the ancient Doges. There is a family of Greeks,who claim descent from a famous chief of Venice. They are here in a gondola decorated after the ancient manner, and with their gondoliers attired as in the olden days. Making its way, to a prominent position is a stately barge, rowed by a dozen men who might be servants to the- Capulets in Romeo and Juliet; and, close by, another that might belong to the Lady of Belmont. Here is the small red fez, the long hair, the slashed sleeves that one has seen so often on the stage and in pictures of the time ; in companionship with the men. who . are propelling the Greek barge are.a party of rowers befrocked as one sees them in the.illustra- tions to Byron's'Corsair.' .. ' r / In competition for place ii a- superb gondola that looks like an exaggerated toy of gold taken from the top of some giant bridecake, the rowers in blue sailor costume with yellow sashes. Riding gaily upon the busy waters with swan-like motion in the wake of " the rest, and making for the King's barge, is a barge of white and gold ; it is followed by another in blue and white-the white being white Venetian lace, which trails with the velvet at the stern of the barge, joining many other draperies, and brocades, silks, and laces, that dabble the water with colour, and add to a reckless generosity of wealth fixing h-re and there, as one can imagine ih Italian displays of the "past. Foremost among another group of gondolas' is one which is manned by rowers who recall the glories of English country life in the days; of . Fielding ; a second/ not unlike, with' servants in plush breeches and tall hats ;., a third is a gondola of a-barbaric; style, with a hood of fantastic shape, and with men fantastically dressed, the whole effect defiant. Imagine these and"'a hundred other notable boats, gondolas, barges, all making their way to-surround the taller vessel of the King, with its -magnificent golden.-eagles, at the prow and . a typical figureof regenerated Italv. You. take yoxxr ; glass, and; you "find that around the King's barge are '. other State . vessels, . ' the ;' Bueehtor-' fdr ". in- stance, with its tradition ] of the bridal of-the. Adri , . atic; and all, at .once, the whole throng of aquatic . vehicles ' begin to. dance and ' make their way-: to . i the Koyal Palace, amidst .,. the discharge of distant . artillery and .the clash and ..' bray ' of'/ trumpets... The \- palaces bf thè Grahu Canal rise/-tip as- if from ;the' bosom : .of )... the í waters. They .are ,v brave r/w^th ooîpnr;,,. and:., alive;] ¡W^b excited . people. ;Tné ' sun shines: ; The' sky is Ca pale ultramarine ; the ^ whole thing, aifairy taie ; 'ànd-so real that j it anakes.i;more th.aft oiie- pf. tifie Milbank e party1 feeBerii'okonâl. 'Philíp "¿is lost/ifor-/-the timé being* in this feástf'of form.; ..and Í colour.') -Bolly : '. sits perfectly .sHlb/byihis side;..'/Jéniiy]:'4is;] upland down twenty times ' to catch- glimpses ' ofL' the Quéen7¡ . . Waltör-händs ¡His glass , .to. i every one ] >" by ' turns. because,, it-is ;a, very . . powerful]" on.è, and . ]:he continually thinks lie'lias spotted* the'best'incidents of' the.» show] > ïiong? ??? tíe-H fp'rej i the, .cheers .rirom ¡the Rialto .haye * been': broken tip" with,] other demon-, strativé sounds, 'they '"find theni'sèlves; really' part of the - royal procession, in- deed^ : almost . alongside the royal barge,- and .par- taking.,of a share' /of -the gracious recognitions'' bf both ' King and Queen, who smile their acknow- ledgments-of every loyal cheer,, and bow. to many a passing and accompanying boat." Jenny noticed that the King "gazed approvingly upon''..'their gondola, because it carríéd the flag which Italy most'honours among thejnations. ' .. ? At the height of the .enjoyment which Mrs.. : Milbanke felt in being so near, the royal-barge," the spirits of the party were somewhat dashed (though none of them except Philip .'could qaiite explain why they felt the shadow otthe'incident fall upon them more than upon any other iboat) . by the sudden appearance . of-jthe red gondola. It came shooting forth fro nv one. pf-the little canals right into the midst bf the'procession, and attracted universal' attention."' It stood out from the rest, hot only on account of its positive colour, but ?'?forv'.the singular distinction.' of^.the . lady .who sat' enthroned at the]bow, in.a sinrple silken costume of white silk and Venetian iace, her gondoliers in red and "black," with velvet caps ; arid her,secretary, Sig. Ferrari, in the ordinary morning dress of the time. .'' . '? ! :' ''. The red gondola took .up a . position-near-the . royal and State barges, and alongside¿¡the, -yellbw and black, gondola of the Russian .'General^and ' his wife, the Princess. The * General bowed\%o the Countess ' with 'much' impressemerit/^tlíe Princess contented herself . with the ^slightest .recognition that might 'passifor courtesy, i The . Countess, Jenny .? declared, /.fairly...ogled 'fthe General; -..but Jenny did not like, the - Countess, " an i might have exaggerated the expression of, the Countess's face. Philip ribticed\that.the''Cbimtess was ' also ; honoured' by the gracious smiles of the King and Queen. He would not .admit'to himself that there-was something in the glance of General Petronbvitch .that 'he.' did not.- like ; but he had not seen how the ; Countess "liad appealed to the vanity of ' hei* i distinguished countryman' (if; a- Jewess hiay -be'; said'tb'have a country, or a .countryman outside,.the. pale >of her co- religionists), in the;drop of her violet eyes and the play of her ostrich fan. ' When'the procession arrived àt'the canal steps ofthepalaee, the red gondola had vanished:as rapidly as it had-previously appeared, for- no ' sooner had their -Majesties -landed, than Jenny and the rest, looking round for the red. .gondola, did not find it. . Beppo, guessing their disappoint- ment,' remarked that Madame the Russian; -who looked like a Venetian picture oiit of its- franie for the occasion, had directed her í men to make for the -Fazzio Palace' the moment the ^King^and . Queen had.left their barge, and. he must own ,that they were, a couple; of clever gondoliers, though he had not ' séén either; of them!"-,on the canal for years ; curious men*; JèwVhek thought... '-. ;. '.. ,; ? > ) (>To ;be: ¡Continuad.,) ,T I ».*t 