By " The Chatterer." PART III. The Story of the Blacks THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER XVIII.—THEIR PHYSI- CAL CHARACTERISTICS, HABITS AND CUSTOMS. BURIALS. (Continued.) Mr. Schurmann gives a very good description of the tribal wailing in which the Port Lincoln blacks indulged as mourning. He says:— " The loud lamenta- tions simultaneously poured forth by them at such time may be looked upon as an hereditary custom, since they always cry together and make use of external means, such as rubbing the eyes or scratching the nose, to produce tears, if the mournful disposition of the mind should not be sufficiently affected by the example of others. The cries or sobs are also, at the commencement of a wail, rather formal and apparently forced, leading one strongly to suspect that their desire for a mournful frame of mind is greater than their feelings warrant. Still, I am persuaded that the natives feel keenly and regret sincerely the loss of their friends, for these reasons ; They lament their decease for weeks and even months after the event ; very frequently, in the evening, on arriving at their resting places, when they are tired and supposed to be in a mood suitalbe for recollection and reflection, one person will suddenly break out in slow, and sorrowful cadences, gradually inducing all the others to follow his example ; after a wail, they preserve for a while a demure silence, and exhibit every other symptoms of persons in affliction. Never, upon any account, is the name of the deceased mentioned again for many years after, not from any super- stition, but for the professed reason that their mournful feelings may not be excited, or, to use their own expression, ' that it may not make them cry too much.' " In some parts of Queensland when a member of the tribe died the body was buried and a large fire made over the grave. The natives believed that whilst the fire was burning a gigantic man came and took away all the remains of the dead man, with the exception of his shadow and fingers, and the survivors always expected to see this shadow among the trees, if they travelled at night without firesticks. The male relatives of these tribes gashed themselves horribly and blackened their faces as signs of mourning. It was the practice of the women of the Darling and Murray River tribes, on the death of a husband, to put on a widow's cap of make and fashion some- what different from that worn in the walks of civliised life. A net was placed on the head and then covered with mortar made of gypsum or pipeclay one or two inches in thickness. This cap was worn for several days, until it became solid, and being then removed whole by means of the net upon which it had been built, it was baked in the fire and laid on the tomb of the " dear departed." Even up to a recent period, these kopi could be found on some of the deserted burial grounds on the Murray. Other signs of mourning were cutting off the hair, blackening the face, smear- ing filth upon the forehead (this practice was exclusively confined to women), and inflicting cuts upon the body. Another form of burial was as follows : — Shortly after life was extinct, the knees and neck of the corpse were tied together and it was thus brought somewhat into the shape of a ball. It was then en- veloped in grass, covered tightly with a net, and so interred in a hole about five feet deep, generally dug out on the side of a sand-hill by the gins. To complete the rite a mound was raised over the body on which were placed logs and boughs, the latter being renewed from time to-time, as long as the tribe remained in the vicinity. A space about the tomb was also kept neatly swept. Still another form : — When a man died his heart, bowels, liver, &c;, were taken out and buried in the ground, the corpse being buried separately. After a lapse of several weeks the corpse was disinterred and any flesh that might be left cleaned from the bones, the skull and bones being then broken, tied up in bark, and, after being wept over for several nights, placed on a platform made in a tree, where it remained for three or four months. The bones were then taken down and carried about by the female relatives of the deceased. Immediately after the first ceremonies attendant upon a death, the camp would be shifted for fear of ghosts. 