UXABLE TO SLEEP. . There seeius no reason whatever to doubt (writes Feeiybingle" in The H'cekitf Tune that the death of young Melluish from an over dose of chlorodync. wan tbe resnlt of :m acci dent. He was iu the habit of taking chlorodyne. to induce sleep, liave you ever Known wnat real sleeplessness means 'r I do not mean the sleepl«£suea ol a night or two, but tliat con stant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, aud it is a present hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippiuglv off' the tougue, but it is n fear ful thing to buffer. Think of what must be the night-life of a mau who cannot sleep, yet who has the rourage to retrain from indulging in the 'learly-ltought stupor obtained from drug?. He seeks his bed at midnight, nud tries to court slumber by reading. He reads page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back uud strives to lis his attention once more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the priuted sentences. He lays down the book, puts out tlie h'ahr, and l'eaolvcs to tiro the brain out. Tho rijhiug of the wind around his bouse becomes endowed with language: the placid snoring of his dog upou tbe doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, lor it accuses liim of some forgcrton sin, or shapes itself iuto a prophecy of souie fearful ami impending danger. He peoples tho darkuess with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, aud wheu he closes his eyes tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down 'upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear lie knows uot what, save' that he tools they are accusations, uud that he is cureed of heaven aud lius no right to bm-deii a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then perchance he will dozs — it is not sleep — ami he will in dreams live an age oi ghastly terror. He will commit murder and be condemned to death, and wheu the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start np to find himself iu a cola perspiration that mokes him feel clammy and side. He will light his lamp aml look at his watch, and will rink back with aweary ruowi when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since he quenched the light. 1'i.nM? ten minutes Hirnucrh the lout? watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will <iawn upon him that this is tbe eternal uignt of death, nud that tbe morniug will nerer come. When at lost the day breaks it- brings no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rises sick at heart, and uurefreshed of body. Tbe light lfrsomething to be thankful for. however : but the day is soon over, aud the still, horrid, phantom-peopled night is to be faced again. What shall be do ? Hie resolution is gone. He feels that it is the madhouse or the grave. Is it eny wonder then that he should fly to drugs ' They give him at least forgetfulness. They shnt outthcterriblesightsmid closebisears to the ghofitly whisperings. They do not give him refreshing slumber, but they give him the sweet oblivion of death until tlie mom. There are good people, people who can sleep like a top. who are loud in their denunciations oi those who flv to opiates to induce sleep. 44 They jeit at scars that never felt a wound. " Payne wrote 44 Home. Sweet Home. " to Sielp to fill up au opera he was preparing, and at first it bsd four stanzas. The author never received anything for it, but though tbe opera was a failure when played in Oovent Garden Theatre, the song took, aud over 100,000 copies were sold the fitvt year. In two years the pub- lulier cleared over i'2,O0£> by the publication, and the variations, transcriptions, and imitations have been innumerable. The melody is be iieved to l»e a Sicilian air. and Douuietti has a variation of it iu his opera ' Anna Bole&a.;" Oil Girls.— An American paper says:— 44 The Australian girl is tall and slender. She kcks somewhat in complexion, bnt generally she is pretty. Tlie Victorian girl is decidedly food looking. The New Zealand girl has a far etter complexion than the Australian girl, and is fresher and inore healthy, perhaps, for the climate is milder. She resembles the English girl much more then fihe -does the Australian, aud her development keeps pace with the former. Tasmania is said to be the home of beauty, and it certainly aeecis to have more tbau its share of fair maidens. It is not at all uncommon for the Melbournian to rutmcross to the little island for the purpose of a well- earned holiday, and 4 picking up ' a wife."- 