THE STORY TELLER. Ghawee I — Continued. ' Not that now — never rny son again,' cried Sir Cecil, ' The man who, finding that desk open, could put out las wicked band and rob iiis own father in Lb father's house, is 110 son of mine. I cast him off now and for never. I pray I may never aee his lace afrain while I live.' My brother paused — not daunted in his effort-*— a little angry, and inclined to give his honest auger vent, I could Bee, but not daunted. ' I am as sorry to hear those harsh trord, Sir Cecil, as some day surely, sooner of later, you will be to have eaid them,' resumed my brother. ' I pd-suine you will give Lionel Grant the chance of proving his innocence ? You will not hund him over to the law as a thief unheard ?' 1 felt rather lhaii saw Hugh Dare-I Btart. The hand he was resting on my-chair clenched it so suddenly and fiercely that the strong wood quivered as at a blow. Sir Cecil's face worked nervously. At the words ' law' and ' then lie glared so at my brother that I expected every instant lie would strike him as he had already struck his own son that night, I knew. Sitting there I understood it all. Poor Margery's broken words pieced themselves together in my brain and made u, whole. ' I will give him the chanca of leaving my house for ever,*' sail] Sir Cecils' of going out into, the world' and earning his own bread as best he can — by honest work if he villl, Or — or^-ste.alii;g.'J The bitter word half choked the angry man, asd whitened his hale, bronzed iace as he spoke it. A sigh that was almost a gasp broke from Hugh Darell. Looking up at him through my tears, the settled pain, almost amounting to agouy, in his wbite face touched nie, and made me think moie tenderly of this man who could so feel lor the wrongs of a rival.. My brother, growing graver, and Btorner thau ever, bowed. 'I answer for him — he will take it,' he said. ' But, Sir Cecil, with the blesbiag o/ Heaven, your son, an innocent man, has no need to fear coming to, that last.' 'Without another word he left the room, and the two men let him past iu silence. I followed him. I saw no hope in. staying ;. further pleading would have been worse than vain with the stern and furious eld man, harsh and. cruel in his auger. My brother waited for me in the hall, and together we went down the broad steps and out into the quiet night. The leaves faintly stirred by the vind, made a weird music in the still 3aess- aud. the plash of the waves on the shore came faintly to us. It seemed to me that the silence was full of whisperings, and my heart throbbed as at some coming evil, eome trouble closing r.-sond us in the summer hush. Outside the Rectory, pacing like a ghost across the dim lawn, was Margery Houghton — restless, anxious, expectant. My brother did not seem to think it odd that she should be there, waiting &r; us with her questioning face» which shone ghastly and wan in the luminus dusk of the nights Prompt in his very tenderness, he answered her look at once. ' He has no pity, scarcely common judgement in his asger. I said all I could. Lionel said, over and over again, that lie was innocent. He could do no more. But it was all in vain. Sir Cecil would listen to no one. He will aot prosecute^, bufc he Las disowned him.' She rung her hands at the cruel words, in a dumb agony terrible to witness. '?We must have faith,' Eaid my brother Geoffrey, solemajy standing with bared head under the quiet sky. 'God, in his own good time ?will make clear the right. It is for us to trust iB Him and wait. Have you strength to wait even ii it should be through long years ?' The pity in his voice thrilled through her, softening her stony face, making the strange, wild-looking girl more lite our own pet Margery. 'lwil try,' she replied; but oh, Mr. Hetketb, this is hard — this is very hard !' I had no words to comfort her. Jtemembeiiug the man I bad left, white-faced and stern, walking up and down the study at tho Hail, I knew how helplees we were to do anything but wait, even if the trust was not ours. Pacing along by oar side, with bent bead, and arms loosely folded behind him, as was kis wont when troubled, or in deep thought, my brother Geoffrey listened to her. There grew a look of deep pain on his face at eight of thepaiu in 'hers* 'Hard!' he said. 'Child, tbia life is full of bard things, hard apd; bitter; nevertheless we live them. down* We live them down, if we do but try* and do oar duty bravely, bit by bit, as it is shown to us.' Looking into bis face* which seemed ! older than^ts years that uight, listen- j ing to its voice, earnest aud strocg and jijsb. with the echo of a bidden tenderness,. X detected what I had long half fancied, that my brother, loved this girl, with her shy eyes. and her- golden hah\ as be had never ia all bis quiet, studious years loved any other women, as be nryrv would love iiny o.tb^r ;- for my bioiiicr was 33 faithful as he was fond. Margery t weeping quietly, looked into hid face through her tears, almost with the rjvereut faith of a child. But bhe iiil not read its secret; she never dr.-a.rn.ed of his love. It was beuer u- -o, 1 thought ; she could only piiy him. That he could do with out. \Yin?u we got into the house Mar^iy told us all she knew of the sud-l*sn trouble that had fallen on the Hull that night — burst like a shell in their midst, scattering destruction. It was iiot much, but it served to make the little we knew clearer. Sitting aluue in the drawuigrrooni,, waiting for the gentlemen to come up from their wine, she heard voices, low at first and subdued, afterwards rising higher and higher — angry voices they seemed to hert e,n-i she sat listening to them for a whUe in silence. Then one voice rose clear above the rest — Lionel's ; hearing it she arose and went down, at ouce^ too. anxious to stay alone any longer. In the lighted hall a, strange sight met her eyes — a, sight she cauki not under stand all at once.. Sir Cecil, an open jjocket^boQii. in his hand stood at the library door ; his son looking troubled but angry withal, confronted him \ aud Hugh Darell, on the stairs was looking down upon the two. Margery stayiug by him, stood perfectly silent and looked too, astonished and half frightened. Glancing round Lionel saw her there. Perhaps the sight stung him beyond, control, for his next words, broken aud Lurried, were angrier tliati ever, and, bis voice was louder and ?hayslier,. »h,o.wiug plainly ixow far, the haughty spirit of the Grants was rising within him. Then with furious words of bitter insult and menance, the old man snatched Margery's whip from, the stand close by and struck him a vengeful blow, and then a second. Still Hugh Darell stood there quiet and dumb, not raising baud nor voice to still the storm. But Margery with a ringing cry o£ anger and pain that thrilled them, making the old man stay his hand, and bringing Hugh Darell to her side with a bound, luthed forward, tore the whip from Sir Cecil's band, and fled away with it from among them all, no one able to stay her — ran ou± into the night, bare-headed, coming to me for help, not knowing to whom, else to go. ' Sir Cecil put that pocket-book yon saw in his desk this morning, filled with notes to the amount of five thous and pounds,' said my brother. ' To night, on going to the desk in search of souie papers, he iound the book empty. Lionel has been seen in the room more than once to-day — no one else has. Your uncle baa a hasty temper^ and he suspected him.' My brother spoke quietly and calmly, but I knew what pain it gave him to stamp with even seemiug guilt the son of his old friend, whom he had known from Ms boyhood, loved, respected, reverenced till now by all who knew him.. I felt my heart fall as I listened. I had not expected such proof could have been, brought against him, I had hoped that this charge had been the evil birth of an angry hour. Margery with one little hand on each arm of my brother's big chair holding it tight, as for support, looked across at him. ' You are a good man,' she said; ' you would not speak falsely, I know, even to comfort us. Do you think that my cousin Lionel took that ''I do not,' he replied. ' Unless I heard the shameful confession from his own lips I could not believe it of him.' Just then a summons at the front door broke loudly and abruptly upon our talk and startled us. John said it was a servant from the Hall, asking if Miss Hougbton had called that even ing. I went out to him- leaving our visitor behind me, sure of her consent to any plan of mine. ' She i6 here now,' I said. She will stay to-night with me. tell Sir Cecil.' The man knowing the reason of the young lady's flight as wail as I did bowed and departed. Standing under the old stone porch looking alter him, my thoughts wandered back to the afternoon when I had seen Margery on the Hall terrace happy and beautiful, so radiant in her innocent youth that it seemed sorrow could i:ever lay its chill hand upon her. Then, like a dark shadow on this sudden memory, came the evil look on Hugh Darell's face. It haunted me — standing there, I shivered as I recalled it. And suddenly in one of those whirls of thought that come at times to the soberest among us, a suspicion of the man grew in my brain, strengthened, and settled and would not be cast out. kl He has some band in this blight that has fallen on Lionel's good name j be could clear him if he would.' So the idle fancy of the moment ran filling my brain with vague fears, intangible surmises, that brought only uneasiness with them, aud doubtings that could not be tested.. That night, later on* wben I was alone with Margery, these came back stronger than ever. She, dreaming nothing of them, 6till went back in her simple way* to the crowning thorn of this trouble— Hugh Darell bad seen and heard it alL I bad been very ill~Tiiear to death nay watchers told me — was even then weak and nervous. It was no great wonder then that this suspicion of Hugh Dareli by which I was iiauuted j should take the shape of a warning in I my miudj and frsteii itself upon me us | a tiling not to be disregarded without wilful injury to those I loved. '- At all events,' I said to. myself, ' it can do no harm to wait and watch ; unspoken suspicions can work evil to no. one.' To be continued. . 