Sporting Gossip. [Br THE VAGRANT.] The Tasmanian football team, which knocked the stuffing out of our boys on Tuesday last, can boast of having a very fair proportion of athletes in its ranks. Tommy Byan is a sprinter of no mean order, and has won a couple of Sheffield handicaps. Little Hehir was for many years the best walkor the tight littlo island ever saw, and has a record of having given Joe Scott, who was challenger of the world, 40 yardB in a mile and a beating for a good stake. Barlow is champion bicyclist of Tasmania, aud has won a race or two in Victoria, whilst Dawes is a champion swimmer. Joe Tankard, the old Victorian player, and great rival of the late George Coulthard, is now a resident of the land of jam) and has the reputation pf being able to fight like a bag-full of Kilkenny cats, whilst Charley CLerry, who ia at present suffering from a leg, and therefore unablo to take part in the matches, tells me he has won several races over all distances in Tasmania, where he has also started in nine hurdle raccB and won the lot of them.' If that record is correct Cherry is ripe enough for anything, and would make things very much mixed in a Grand National Hurdle and Steeple. "? Sardinia, a son of Meteor and Formosa, dam of the defunct Ensign, whilst being schooled over hurdles at Eandwick a few mornings ago, bolted, and after topping two or three fences in rare style, ' got ambitious, and tried to climb the outside pal ,, inga. He was buried in the evening. I ^L Mr. Barnard was well to time on Monday after __, noon with the weights for the Melbourne Cup, which were almost as eagerly awaited as the result of the O'Connor-Stanbury boat-race. Anyhow their advent is a regular God-send to the sporting scribes, who very often are at haid stiaita to dish upanythink like a readable article for their con i stitnents. When glancing over the handicap one cannot help feeling a certain degree of disappoint í ment that the courage of the V. R. G. in giving such a magnificent prize as ¿810,000, did not meet with more appreciation from horseownera at home and abroad, for although there are 150 nominations, many of the nags engaged are mere saddle flappers, and not a single entry came from outside the colonies, notwithstanding the fact that the event was advertised the wide world over. It was thought highly probable when such a sum of money was given for competition on such liberal terms that some English and American owners would retaliate for the invasion of their lands by Aus- tralasian sportsmen by returning the compliment, but it is evident that the miles of sea and land which divide the cabbage garden and the big centres of population named carry too terrors for foreign racegoen just now, but times will change or else I am much mistaken. As every one expected, Calbine has been placed in the com- plimentary but not muoh desired position of top weight ; and when one remembers that last year with 10st. in the ^ddle and in anything but the best of condition he ran second, that later he carried itet. 91b. and won the Sydney Cup, it must be confessed that lOst, 61b. is very little if anything too much for the son of Musket and Mersey, although at first sight it seems to be a terrible burden to hump with any hopes of success in such a race as the Melbourne Cap. He has been made first favourite at 100's to 4, but for my own part I fail to see how he will win. In the Sydney Cup above mentioned he gave Manti'la 461b. and half a nose heating, whilst now he is asked to concede Cardigan's sister 531b., so that on paper at least where the colt finishes the maro should bo before him. And I dou't rhink Mantilla is like'y to be very much favoured by backers. Mclos' perform- ances are certainly of a ve.'y puzzling character, at times they are first-class whilst at others he gallops like a second rater. If he we^e in the same humour as when lie downed Dreadnought and Carbine in the Champion Race, he would gladden Mr. Gannon's heart with a win, but as Carbine has several times conceded the Sydney horse 12 lbs, once 16 lbs., and a beating, it is hardly fair to ask the pair to meet on those terms again, and so I most reluctantly put Melos on one side, for the son of Goldsbrough and Melody is a great favourite of mine, although he has so far won very little for mo. Lochiel has probably seen his best day, and he would require to be at his best to win with 9st. 71b. Tirailleur is reckoned to be a champion in New Zealand, but I don't know much about him. Dreadnought could have been advantageously let .off a few pounds lighter on all past form, whilst Merrie England will hardly essay the task of carrying 9st. 31b. to victory. Some Maorilanders simply swore by Manton when he came to the colony, and he was reported to be equal to Carbine, but he could neve get his head home in front out here so far, and unless he takes a miraculous change for the better Oat. 21b. seems to be as much as ho is master of, although he is a beautiful animal. Cuirassier is undoubtedly a brilliant horse, and if he is saddled up sound and silky 9st. will not prevent him galloping at a rare pace. There were some wonderful rumours about Lonsdale last year, when he had 51b. less than now, but he has done nothing since, and I cannot have him, at least not yet. Of course it is possible that he has been carefully put by to effect a coup, but the probabilities are that he is beBtleft alone, and is he is a spinner the publio are bound to get tho genuine officequickly enough. I do not think the winner is among Sultan, Sir William, Richelieu, but Cardigan may cause trouble although he is by no means favoured. It is worthy of note that of the twelve horses which are heaviest weighted seven are New Zealand bred. The Newmarket Handicap winner, Churchill, is certainly a good horse, but 8s t 91bs Bhould be sufficient to stop him. In the opinion of many good judges, fit and well, and at equal weight, Singapore is a better colt thom Dreadnought, and it is certain that if the son of Trafalgar were in at 8st 91bs.,as the son of Malacca is, the Cup would be voted all over, so that Singapore's chance should not be lost sight of. I thought he would win last year, but he waa then all 'to pieces, although he is said to be improving rapidly just now. Marvel is generally supposed to be cjuite entitled to his name when his friends are ready to give him a chance, and surely there is nothing about ¿st 81b to frighten the party if jihey have a real down right bottler in this handsome four-year-old son of : Marvellous. And now I come to a horse which I think if in his best form on the day holds all those above him as safe as if they were hobled, and- that is Oakleigh. The public form of this son of Roodee has been of the most in-and-out description, but he has at times served it out in a style which stamps him as a racehorse of tho best stamps, Twelve months ago he carried 8st 111b and won the V. R. C. Handicap in very fast time from a big field, and if he is only capable of running such another race on Melbourne Cup day the hor^e that beats him will win. Tradition is simply a mystery, and as such is best left alone until those able to solve enigmas will make a move in the desired direction. Of the others down to 8st comend me to Fakeha and The Queen, and if one of those two do not play an im- portant part in the great handicap it is no fault of Mr. Barnard's for he has thrown them in very liber- ally. Running down the list Chaldean strike me as very handily used, and I will have him on my side on the day. That swallow catcher, Whakawai may easily get home with 7st. 121b., and with lib. less we find Titan, the champion colt of the season. Mr. Broadribb's colt is_ now trained by Hickenbotharn, and together with his two stable companions, Prince Consort and Carbine, are the popular picks, but great colt as he is I do not think he has been left with even the ghost of a chance of winning. Abercorn, Austra- lian Peer, Melos, Dreadnought, and the many ciack three-year-olds of the past were quite incapable of winning the Melbourne Cup with weight-for- age, -Martini-Henri being the only one to succeed, and although it is possible that Titan could give any of those I have mentioned 61b. and a beating as three-year-olds, I would rather gamble the other way, and even if the son of Tempe did succeed in that task it would not make him a winner of the big Victorian handi- cap, and so if he winB I lose. I will just here close my remarks for the week, retaining so far Oakleigh, Pakeha, The Queen, and Chaldean. Our old acquaintance Strenchym is^now being trained at Randwick by Billy English, another old friend, who has for some time blossomed forth into an owner of racehoises and a rider of jumpers. ., The sculling match, on Monday last, between ¿tanbury (as I am told his name is) and O'Connor, turned out just as I predicted, although the big Shoalhaven lad made much shorter work of the Canadian than I . or most of his ad- mirers expected. It must not be forgotten, though, that it is possible O'Connor did not exert himself after the contretemps atTJhr's Point, which he maintains was a foul, and which h>> might have firmly believed was at the time. He may have considered he had the race won on that foul, and so eased up. But it is a very unlikely explanation of the bad form shown by the loser. Whether there waa or was not a foul does not now matter a fiddler'a curse-not a very marketable commodity -for the Canadian or his friends were bent upott making the afEair a win, tie, or wrangle, disregarded the referee's decision after signing a document which declared it final, and lodged <an injunction against paying over the Btakes. As everyone knows, Stanbury and his supporters, sooner than lose the ¿S500 which they had already won, decided to give the Canadian another go for his '* monkey," and so the pair are to meet again on Monday. I loam with regret that Stanbury is now suffering from a severe cold. But, judging from the late, contest, the big fellow could be suffering in addition from corns, buniona, the gout, atringhalt, choiera morbus, delirium tremens, fever and ague, la grippe, warbles, heartburn, and all the other ills which flesh is heil' to, and then win easily. That is all right, but what is coming over the supporters of aquatics P A few weeks ago, Mr. Myers, who is umpire for Monday's race, waB sued for stakes which he had paid over in accordance with the ruleB governing the McLean-Neilson race, and the verdict went ngainst him, whilst tho law has been invoked over the moat recent struggle. If a man or his backers are not prepared to lose a stake in the effort to win one they should hold aloof and never play for keeps. If they are not prepared to accept the de- cision of a man they put in a position in recog- nition of his acknowledged fairness and disinter- estedness, what is the use of having an umpire or referee at all P If men are not prepared to uphold and follow rules as carefully read and signed what is the use of those rules or any other rules for the matter of that? Why not row a real catch-as catch-can go-as-you-please do-that-you-like match, and, indeed, what the devil is pho use of of rpwing matches at all ? There io" no guarantee that if Stanbury beats O'Connor again on Monday (the latter does not find some trivial excuse for withholding his money, and on the other hand if he by some miraculous stroke of good luck manages to pass the judge's boat first it would be only serving him properly if Stanbury took a deal and served' an injunction against pjying over the money. O'Connor professes to be. very indignant at the treatment meted out to him, and has announced that it will be the last race he will row in Australia, hat he offers to row Kemp for £1000 on the Thames. O'Connor is a consummate humbug. Before he arrived in the colonies he was continually out with challenges to row this man and that man for 6000 and 10,000 dollars ; when he reached Sydney and found Kemp matched he published an offer to row him for up to £1000. In the meantime he got, as he thought, a soft thing on with Jim Stanbury for ¿¡500 a-side, and when Kemp found au opportunity to arrange a match for a like amount the eloquent Canadian pleaded it was too much money, and stuck out for ¿200 a-side. Then Kemp reduced his offer to JË35C, and at length, cornered and' with the knowledge that he had run against a snag in Stanbury, Hanlan's pupil tells us " I will not row anyone in Australia, but I will row Kemp for Ü1000 a-side on the Thames." The consistency of the man is considerably hampered by limits, isn't it? Steeltrap and Sir William are the first horses to be withdiawn from the Melbourne Cup. Why does not the owner of either tho Sydney horso Neotsfield or the Singleton nag of the same name change their appellation P At present the similarity is very confusing. By the way, a punting friend of mine tells rather a good tÉing in relation thereto. When Mr. Dines' Neots- field was first entered in a race at Maitland land it was for a trophy presented by Mr. John Gillies. My friend saw the weights without the owners being distinguished, and noticed that Neotsfield-he only knew one horse of the name, and that the Sydney one-was in very light, and he at once jumped to the conclusion that Mr. Quinton had b»en caught napping. The punter went to the races, and anxiously held his tongue and waited impatiently for books to open on the. event for an opportunity to invest his modest "fiver."' However he bumped up against another friend, and, delighted to do him a good turn, whispered the plant to him, but somewhat to his surprise waa assured that it was not the horse he thought. However he was not convinced until he saw the gigantic Single- ton animal, and then his castles in the air fell with a crash and a whisky and soda. He plunged his bit upon something else, and then had the supreme satisfaction of seeing Neotsfield galloping home an easy winner with the liberal odds of 6 to 1 on offer against him. My friend sat silently, looking blue, in a brown study, but he takes considerable interest in turf guides Bince. Thero will be some interesting athletic sports at Morpeth this afternoon. Pastmaster, wüo is a nau-orotner or _ei mar, who recently did a great deed in America, has been purchased by Mr. Oatley, and has joined Highborn and Little Lady at Warwick Farm. The Queensland mare My Love, by Yattendon from My Fancy, by Blair Athol, who was the best performer in Bananaland, has joined the Kirkham stud. A Novice Handicap will be run off at the Aus- tralian Grounds this evening, when there should be heaps of fun as there are no fewer than 230 entries. Many people have been eagerly awaiting the particulars of the battle between Sullivan and Jackson, which they wero imf ormed by some Sydney journals had to take place on Tuesday last, and of course they were disappointed. They can rest assured-and I am in constant communication with Jackson's trainer, Sam " Fitzpatrick"-that there is no likelihood of a fight between the men before October or Nonember next, and I fancy if Sullivan can get a loophole to escape by there will be no meeting even then. By the way Jackson and his party had a narrow escape from instant death recently at Louisville. A tornado swept along and blew down the half of the hotel on the opposite side to where the Australian party was stationed. Peter had knocked out the champion of Indiana the evening previous in 46 sees., andean beat anything in America bar a tornado or a cyclone. Sam " Fitzpatrick'* writing on April 26, when he and Jackson were at Mount Clemens Springs, tells me that Sullivan now demands a stake of 40,000 dollars whilst the California Club only offers 20,000 dollars. 40,000 dollars is £8000, so that Mr. Sullivan values a severe thumping at high rate. ' The last Chioago Derby was won by a horse called Prince Fonso, a son of Loalnel's aire Prince Charlie.' It was a desperate race between he and a colt named Pilgrim, and it is probable the latter would have won had he not stopped to bite at his opponent two strides from the post. I am very sorry to learn that Mr. John Wilson is very likely to lose the servioes of his mare Stew- ardess, for the daughter of Clan Stuart fell in the Park Handicap, at Newcastle, on Thursday, and put her shoulder out. Celeritas also fell, and ia supposed to have been injured inwardly, whilst young Murphy, who is an apprentice of Mr. Matt Murphy, of Morpeth, was consideribly shaken. The Northern Jockey Club will hold a race meet- ing at Rutherford on August 1. An effort is to be made to form a union between the N. J. C. and Amateur clubs, as it has become painfully evident two racing clubB cannot exist in Maitland. The programme is published in this issue. Poor old Dick Lynch, who was drowned at Tam- worth during the week, was one of the oldest jockeys in Australia, and will be remembered in Maitland in connection with the victories of Bul- garia. He was also father of Mr. R. Lynch, at one time a very good horseman and now a well known trainer. Recent news from England says that Mr. Savill fancies he will not be able to get Chicago to the post; that Kirkham has had to be eased in hiB work, owing to wrenching a leg ; that Narellan is improving, and that Matt DawBon is delighted with their relatives, Wentworth, Nepean, and Mons Meg. The colts are not to be hurried, but Singapore's sister is now doing gentle exercise with a view of having a cut for the Middle Park Plato. Denny Boase, the Australian jockey, is leaving England disgusted with his treatment, who waa recently in Australia buying blood stock I understand that at the suggestion of a sport for the United States, Mr. William Fisher, of Brandon, Seaham, intends to devote some attention can timo for exportation. Mr. Fisher has Chester's to the breeding of young stock according to Ameri brother Roodee as the lord of the harem, which is made up of some fine mares, and there should be some racehorses appear shortly from the stud. 