I111'. .l,., ) 1ec. BUWaisiJ By Mas. Bowsca. (oDenrr FoeE PaESS.) "Well, what do you think?" queried Mr. Bowser, as he looked up atme across tihe suiper table one evei-lig. SYou-you haven't been and bought another horse, Mr. Bowser?" '"Horse! Can't you think of anything but lhorse? I supposei you'll throw that horose up to mo to your dyieg day. "VIt so giod you ILave decided net to buy onother! 1 it solme more chickous, or a new 'fire escape, or arnother egto eat us un th" lIo turoed pale, aln refused to say another word for two hours. Then he could hold him. self nolonger, end lie uddenly obr e tved: " I suppose vou will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Atl. Bowser?" " What doyou moean?" "Just whlt I msy. You are soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowsrer." "Areoyou ruiig to run for office ?" "'I am. It seas all setltled tis nfternoon, I am going to be nominiated for alderiani of this ward." "Mr. iBower, is itpowhble tIhat yon rigein" - to let hea lead you iiito oiy such whiiElioes! Ilhouight yu had a eere level lead than that, in spite of all your tinttakee." 'My mistakli!" he shooted. "1 neveriaade oile iii my life, except when I iarr,.e you. Lerel head! I'd like to see enuieveo who carries a more level Lead than I die!" "And no you are going to be uldernan?" If 1 live." " But what for?" "hecause it is the wish of the people. 3My country calls. Tho committee have cauvassed the ward and conucluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show againist the vicios npopsi tion. It is a sacrifie on nmy part, but the true patriot moot he reedy to samrillee." "I'm us sorry.' m"So sorryl For what? Because I have been selected above all others!. Because honoars hIave been thrust upon me! Mrs. Iaower, you have never a preciatedthe man you married, and youprobably never will." "Well, I shan'tsay any move. I think it is a put-up job to get money out of you, and I know what a gang will be runming here after. vou. It's y6ur own affair, however. Don't blame me ii you get loft." "Theroyou go! Almways opposedtome!. I can plainly lee why some men never get along. If I hada wife like some I know of I'd lhavo been goverior of llt State long age. rI' going to coo, however, and after I'm elecedm yao ' r ,, bt he jut mean enough to say you I idu't say nnay more. As soon rshe left the house nestmor I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. Hefi was hardly out of' sight befnoe tebell rung, and I. opened the doer to find a dirty-loeking fellow with his hat on his ear, who asked "Is Bolser hamoe?" "\o, sir." "Gets out pretty early, doesn't he? Leave niy money for me t" lieb, sir." "Hie did't, oh? Paurty specimen of a can didatohe is! Expects us to do allthe figrin!' fur nuthin', does he?" " Who are you, sir?" " Who are 1?" he repeated as be slanted his hat a littlo moro and spit over his shoulder,. "I'm the party as carries this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if old Bowse don't. cum downliberall ha gets left. Tell him te come and se me.' Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find award heeler or some other sort of political parasite on the door-step.. Oii of thtai even went so far as to ask me to pled go Mr. Dowser to vote for him to run one of tke City-hall elevators. Tlhere were three others waiting for him when hlie got home to dinner, and I sew him give them mone. Ito came in. excited end jubilolal, aid when I told him what had occurred, he replied: "Let the dear people come! They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure as the susrise on the day. What do you tlhink? I was talking with a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and ho said it would ble no use for his party to put sip a men agsinst me. 13-r stook is ony p, ssicy 1-- _. For na week lived in a stoae of suiserables agitation. IEvery hour in the day a ward heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ring.: ing, it was some man who wanted a sewer or other conltract- Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and'guizzmg down my currant wino, and on three nights Mr. IBowser had to "go the rounds " of the. ward and "ose the by ." On the last night I had to help him upstairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as lee whimperedl " SLay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to slice hw r people love me. They cry fr me. aiid-and I ery Fir ehem!" This went on for a week, and then the caucus. was held to nominate. Mr. Dowser said he would go through by acclaehmation, hut as the boys weould expect sms meto sf peech, not to any a !eg of beer, afterwards, ho would have to beon hanld. As soon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him,. and a nomination ineant election by a large mnajority. Iddiin't saymuch, Lutll felt rentty sure how it would come out. Along alout n o'clock hIe came home. IIHe was running. Ile also breathed hard and lookede white. "What oi earthl in the matter now?" I, asked, as hae hnged into the hall. " G-gone! " lie gasped. "Ite, gone?" "Gone sip." "Mr. Blowser, tell me what has happenod.. You act as if you had met a ghost and lost. yoursenses." 1'1-I didn't get the nom-nomination! " he whispered, his knees quaking so that he had.to sit down on a chair. Why didn't you." "lecause they concluded that Mr. Seottt was the aoro ponular and thie stronger man." "What! That eraos-eyed loafer, who vus. nrresld only last week for lwhipping his. wife?" "Y-yeam" We looked at each other for a long time with.. out speaking. Then I miid: " thought the dear people loved you, Mr.. Bowser." "Yes.", "You were to ie sselected abnoreall othesmond., hbnours thlrust upon you." .; Yes." "Yeouresuntr ncilled upeillou to dawn, the. vicious oppositiou:"' You wede the patriot hks. was rendy tosacsrifice himself." . " How much has this experience cost yoiue. eFour hunmdred." SWell, you hIavo madea fool of yoursetf; and! I hope it will he a lesson to you. " You'd better go to bed." " I-I poeus I will!" At mitigiht he woke iip, sat up in b1d, und' encinined **Lookhere, old lady, I hoele coufcl better, having ucomspliIhled year villamiou-objecvtl" " Wahet ilo eu eens :" Eeeryliodv knoes you, onl this opportunity for resenge could not ie pased over, Li. l.owser. you have polio ii dtei leo far t Ta-morrow Ishull consult a lawyer shout uinusrce ipro eediclius " G·(a to slapp." " Yes, IIi go to loe, bit doot imagino I bhall forget Oe avee look0 our leiie dup lihii. I laivo rnie and Lonie, blut tiuis iushi end !" Neat mnonsig, lesoever, hL smade sio refe renrce bIte- malttcr, anoi as s~cum of his Iuarly niaue hiw~telievo that ire hslbeemiwilkdmulan iii the iiitsesls ofo hamnoup, Lwe 1o00 home one day o.obsaerve: peI eir that my hame hi bing meo.ieied for iiayssr, heat I elisu't Lil~c ihe iieinilislion. I. prefer blebe a 1uisiis, liommihi citizen." 