THE RESURRECTION OF CHRIST. REPLY TO ARTICLE IN THE AGE. On Sunday evening the Rev. J. East Har[?]ison, pastor of the Dawson street Congre[?] tional Cnurch, preached a special sermon in reply to a recent article in the Aye newspaper. The text was taken from 1 cor. xv., 14, “If Christ be not risen then is our preaching vain and your faith is nUo v.'in.” The preacher said:—* In themedixval airts the Chris ian knight rode fort; to wrest the empty tomb of the Saviour from the custody of unbelievers, and to day the soldiers of the cross are called on to do battle around that sepulchie. It is becoming increasingly felt that this is the central position, the gain or loss of which must tUolde the issue of the conflict. It has been said, “unless scepticism can fairly dispose of ttiis central miracle, it is vain to assail the rest. They are the outworks: this is the citadel." The resurrtetion of Jesus Christ is an event of pai amount importance, scarcely secondary to the Crucifixion. “ If Christ hath not been raised," says the Apostie, “ Your faith is vain, je are yet iu your sins. Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ have perished. Then He who cdled Himself 4 the ltcsur rection and the Life,’ did but deceive Himself and us when lie said of his life. *1 have power to lay It down and I have power to take it again.’" Amongst t ie latest i 8-*aulrs upon the resm rection of Christ, as that .event is understood by the Chris* tian church, is a series of lectures by the lb v. W. K. Addis, H.A., assistant minister to the U-*v. Dr btroag. These lectures were icvlewed in the Aye newspaper, in an article of a highly commendatory character, ami 1 propose now t i deal with the portion l iken up by Mr Addis «uid the writer of the article. The lecture* dealt with the miracles of the Bible, and concerning them the Aye say*:—“Mr ddis dis tinctly states two things—thi one that the miracles have grown; the other that the Bible history enables us to so-• that they have grown." “ Kvery where," he says, “ the wine law recurs. If the cviUtnce is that of au eye*witnc!-s, or is at all near to the e\cnt, the miraculous is either wholly absent or can he easily explained. On the other hand, just in propoition as the decuments recede from the event the marvels gww in number, and become more and more ditllcult to explain, or if you like to explain away." After applying his canon of criticism to the miracles in the 1 entateuch, he pro ceeds to do 80 to the immaculate conception and resurrection cfJeMi*. I have only time this evening to deal with the latter even*. He recognises Paul as the earliest of New Test unentw. iters to whom we can appeal, and Matk as the earliest of the four evange lists, Matthew coming next. Concerning the crowning miracle of Chrstfanity, the resurrection of Jesus, the article a«k* “Was it a real uiirnclc, or was it merely a marvel; that is to Bay. an effect belonging to that class of phenomena which, although vastly mysterious are still, in a measure, explicable by psychological considerations? ’ After quoting a reference by Mr Addis to the apparent contradictions in the narratives of the evangelists, which, from their nature, cm, 1 tt ink, rather be taken as confirmations of the central truth than the opposite, the aitieleco-.timie?:—‘ Paul's evi dence is particularly important iu this case, both be cause it stands in nearest relation to the otigiunl tra dition, and mouse it is suggestive of an apparition of the risen spit it rather than of a bodily resurrec tion." “ He recounts," says our author, aprop *8 of Paul’s evidence, “ the apparitions of Jesus, first to Peter, then to the twelve, then to about live r.umlrcd brethren, then to James, then to all the Apostles, last of all to himself. Paul then puts the rest of the ap parition on a lew] with that to himself. How could that be? There is the most marked contrast between Paul’s vision and the apparition of the risen Jesus as recorded iu the Gosp-K Puul b lieved tint he had seen the Lord fiom Heaven; the Gospels, on the contrary, speak of a Christ wto had risen from the tomb." Later on Mr Addis says:—“ He (Panl)hj’s it down expres-ly that flesh and blood cannot inherit t'.c kingdom of God. He believes that the risen spiiit is clothed with a body, but it is a spi itu-1 body, alto gether distinct from that which is laid in the grave. Jcsift did not resume that body of flesh which he quitted at death—nay, He said farewell to it for eve». Paul assumes, moreover, that the belief of the older disciples upon the point was one with his own. Pa ley Aiks—What became of the body of Jesus if it did not rise to life? fcurely the bmied corpse must have remained to refute the delusive belief in the resurrection of Jesus. The answer is that the resur rection of Jesus, as the first generations of Christians accepted it, had nothing to do with His body. 'I hey felt that God could not have abandoned Jesus and left Him in the world of the shades. Enoch had gone direct to God, and God could not have done less for His Christ. One disciple after another believed in an ecstatic moment that he had actually si en the Lord. On one occasion a whole congregation felt the tame electric thrill pass through them. The belief wascisyin an age when nobody doubted the readty of ghostly apparitions.” Now here Mr Addis, abandoning the ordinary hal lucination theory of Strauss or Kenan, by which the appearances of the risen Christ wore due to the excited iiu iginations of the disciples, follows that of Schcnkel, which looks upon thun as real appearances of the spirit of the Christ, but only 6uch as are be lieved in by Spiritualists of to-day. There is here nothing unique in the lesurrcction of Christ and no resuscitation of his body. Mr Addis has recognised that he luust in this case be called upon to explain the empty tmib, and now see how he does this. He tells us his answer is that “the resurrection of Jesus as the first generation of Christians accepted it had nothing to do with Ilis body." In support of this he adds—“Tliej felt that God could not have abandoned Jesus and left him in the world < f shades.” But this latter sentence can only be taken as referring to the quotation by Peter in his speech on the day of Pentecost of the IGth psalm, “ Thou wilt not leave my soul in Hades," &c.; but Peter applies the quotitiou thus:—David, “ fore seeing this, spake of the resurrection of Christ, that neither was He left iu Hades, nor did IJis flesh see corruption.” Puul, in his address in the synagogue at Antioch, makes a similar application of the psalm to Christ. He rays, “ lU* whom God raised up saw no corruption;’- 1 but t’»e idea of this prophecy applying to the spirit cf Jesus is an absurdity, for manifestly a spirit can never know decay, air Addis had no right to make this reference uul-ss he recogni ed the authenticity of these speeches; and if he does s» he h is no right to say that “ the resurrection of Jesus, ns the first generation of Christians accepted ir, had nothing to do with His body.” But, agaiu, is not the emptiness of the tomb an his toiical fact. For this we can appeal to the go.-psl according tc Mark. Anyone referring to the revised version can see that the authentic tied portion of this gospel ends with the Bth vetse of the loth chapter; the reiuai uier was added prob.biy by some other hand. The narrative of the resurrection iu this, the o ly gospel Mr Addis will allow us to refer to, is a fragment, an unfinished story broken off short. Let us now read this together and see if it is not the commencement of a narrative winch bids fair to be as lull of the miracul ms us that given by any of the other evan gelists. The preacher then read Mark IG, 1-8, and said— “ Here we have not only a vision of angels, but the empty tomb. The women came to the sepulchre speculating “Who shall rod away the stone from the door ot ■ the tomb? and, looking up, they see the stone is roiled back, for it was exceeding great.” They enter the tomb and see an angrl who says tc them, “Ye seek Jesus, the Naztrene, which hath been crucified; lie is risen; He 11 not here; behold’ what? Not His dead body from which His soul h risen, but “ behold the place where they laid Him” Here certainly is an empty tomb or the words have nc meaning. __ We are not allowed to refer to the gospel according to Matthew as written near enough to the time to be a witness. But in this case the very postdating oi the first gospel will help us. Matthew, by common tradition, which is greatly confirmed by internal, evidence, wrote for the Jews. Now, postdate this Gospel and sec what comes of it. Matthew tells us that the Guard came to the leaders of the Jews with the stoiy of the resurrection, but that they biibed the soldiers to say that whilst the} slept the disciples came and stole the body of Jesu--, and he adds, “ this saying was spread abroad anion” the Jews, and eontmueth unto this day.” Now if the saying were not reported amongst the Jews in his day, his statement could easily have been refuted by those to whom ue wrote, if it were, the longer the time that bad elapsed between the tesunection and the writing of the Gospel the more tenacious of belief the saying is shown to be, and the more sedu lously it must have been put about at the first. Now coming to the evidence of Paul, we have what would seem decisive to ordinary minds. He speaks of the appearances of the risen Lord to the apa ties, the accredited witnesses of the resurrection, an.i to the assembled church, and adds—“ Last of all, as unto one born out of due tim.\ he appeared to me also.” Mr Addis *-nys of this—“P «ul then puts the rest of the apparitions on a level with that to him self.” Notice that the word apparition, which Mur ray tells us is now almost restricted in common use to the sense of “an immaterial appearame ofu real being—a spectre, phantom, or ghost,” is Mr Addis’ own, and quietly assumes the whole posi tion. But we have a perfect right to pay, as in deed we should think any one reading the Epistles of Paul wtfiild say, that Paul’s meaning is that hissightof the ri->en Lotd was as real and unmistak able as the others he narrates, if not, to what pur pose is the dffimt questi >n in the same epistle “ Am I not an Apostle? Have 1 not seen Jesus our Lord ?’ One of the appearances mentioned by Paul is that to Peter, but how did Peter lo*»k upon the matte. ? Did he consider that he ha; simply seen a spectre. Not only in his first epistle, which the criticism that would rob us of thestcond still leaves us, aie there repeated reference* to the resurrec ion, but in his speeches he constantly dwells upon it. One of there must suffice—“ Ilim (that is Jesus) God raised up the third day, and showed him openly” (or as the Revised Version has it, “gave Him to be manifest"), not to all the people, but unto witnesses that were chosen before of God, even to us, who d.d eat and drink with Him after He rose f om the dead. ’ Now if the appearances of the risen Christ were merely the manifestations of His immortal spirit, what is the meaning of the words, “ Him God raised up the third day,” was it on the third day that the spirit cf Christ was.aroused from slumber, if so we must of course relinquish the saying of Christ on the cross to’the thief, “To-day thou shait be with Me in Paradise,” What also is meant by the eating and drinking with Him? The writer of the article, asks, “ may it be taken as implying not a literal resurrection of the id ntical body, but the appearance of a spiritual body such as Paul speaks of, and as toe i vangclists also seem oc tasionally to have i view wr en they described it as mysteriously appearing for a >hoittime and then as mysteriously vanishing out of sight?” But we must remind the writer t hat he is appealing to Gospels which Mr Addis has ruled out of court, and ir he be allowed to do this to show that the body of Jesus bad undergone a change—a fact uot disputed, but rather emphasised by Clnistians—we have a per fect rght to continue the narrative from which he quotes in which we read:— 4 * And lie said unto them— See tn.v hands ami my feet th it it is 1 myself; handle me and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye behold me having. And when he had said this he showed them his hands and his feet. And while they still disbelieved for joy, and wondered, he said unto them—Have ye anything to eat? And they gave him a piece of a broiled fish. And he rook it, and did eat before them." This certainly is not the account of a simple appearance of a phantom. But the greatest fault I have to find with Mr Addis, as he is represented in the article, is that at the time when it is most necessary that his language should be plain and unmistakable, it becomes vague. He tells us in his preface that he has Htriveu to express him self with perfect clearness. But from the quotations in the article it is impossible to decide absolutely what his position really is If the appearances of the risen Lord were real visits of the Saviour iu a spiritual body then they were of God, and we are to believe that these God-given revelations had for their purpose the building up of the cbuich on the most gigantic luncouceplion the wo!Id has ever known. But, then, Mr Addis says:—“One disciple after another believed in an tcstatic moment that he had seen the Lord On one occasion a whole congregation felt the same electric thrill piss through them.” Now this is merely the old hallucination theory to which his own theory is as much opposed *s the orthodox one is. He adds “ I he belief was easy in an ag- when nobody ; doubted the reality of ghostly apparhio s.” Then it was a mete superstition after all, the outcome of the. ignorance of the oge. Christianity, therefore, the most philosophical of religions, is built upon the rayiugs of excited vision aries. Now, Mr Addis must take one of these positions or the other, and not leave us balanced between the two theories free to accept either. Let me,, in conclusion, put before you,' iu a few words, the only possible alternatives with reference to Paul's testimony. They are three. First.—Paul mav Imv seen a vfcion, and taken it for such, and looked upon th; o her appearances as apparitions also. But his words will not allow of this interpretation. When he desciibes the visions he had it is in totally different languige. He speaks of the ecstatic state in which he was when thej* canwto him, of his b-ing "ciught up even to tho third heiven,” and says. "Whether in the body or apart from th*? body 1 know not; God knoweth.” When he tells of the appuatauce of the ris *ii Saviour to him his tone is utterly and fferent. He spctks as detailing a fact, not a fancy; an actual interview, not the seeing of a phantom. Second.—Paul may have seen a vision and taken it f w an actual appearance of Christ, such as we usually understand it to have been, ai.d may have looked upon the other appearances as similar facts. Now if this h so, the proving bis vh w of Christ to have been a vision will in no way invalidate trie other appear ances We may consider that Paul was mistaken as to what he himself aw, but must still give him credit for having sufficiently sifted the evidence for the other appMtatices. He appeals to the greater num ber of the 500 who saw Jesus on the one occasion as remaining to he questioned, had he held no converse with any of them 'I He says that P. ter saw Jesus; we know he stayed afoitnight with Peter, conversing with him, did he never during that time hear from Peter the story of the resurrection ? There remains to us onlv the third possible alterna tive-tint the appearance to Paul and to the Apostles were whit the Chtistinn Church has taken them to be; that the tomb was empty, for the body of Christ bad been ranedj altered we know it to lure been, but sti‘l bearing the priut of the nails and the wound in the side; and we can exclaim with Paul, "Now is Chri*t risen from the dead and become the tirst fruits of them th it rlept. ’ 