TOPICS OF THE DAY. Mr Justice Hood sat as tho judge of tho Court of Mines tri-dy aad heard a case of Uaycs against Levjnson, which camo before him on a special case stated by Mr J. C. Thomson, warden at Uallarat. It appeared that An&stMui; Ilave, of Uallarat, widow, took proceedings against Mark Levuiscn for the purpose of naving it declared that the defendant waa in illegal occupation of Crown lands at llallarat occupied by him as a machinery arena. It appeared from tiie evidence of E. Hayes, the on of the plaintiff, that ho haa a residence area of part of the ground, and had taken proceedings by miner's right in his mother's name under ni.i legal advice, and to get a clear title to the land. Ho had applied to l/o registered for tho land without objec tion, and was rcgintercd for part of it. The Warden expressed his mtcutiou of finding Iu favor of the defendant, on tho ground that the evidence disclosed champerty. The iiucstion reserved for the opinion of tho Court woa whether champerty waa dis closed by tlio evidence. Mr Finlayson ap peared for tho plaintiff, and Mr Goldsmith and Mr Wesley for tho defendant. After Arguments his lienor stated ho would remit the case hack to tho Warden, with an inti mation that If ho found that Hayes was using his mother to enforce titlo which ho hnd not there would bo champerty, but not If ho had a title and was only making uso of his mother to enforce it. An appeal is being mada on behalf of the Littlo Suiters of the Poor by a number of tho foreign consuls resident in the city to tho Itailway Commiasioncra to grant the Littlo Sisters free passes on the suburban lines, so that they tnaygoabout tho work. The Commissioners, however sympathetic with the work done by the Little Sisters, will be unable to comply with the request, as to do so would necessitate tho granting of a simi lar concession to tho members of other bodies doing charitable work, and would lead to very awkward complications. Tho Crown law officers have decided that the scheme by which it was proposed to disposo cf tho properties of tho Commorcial Hank of South Australia (in liquidation) by lottery is illegal. Notification to tbis effect wilt bo sent to the Melbourne brokers of tiie proposed scheme, Messrs Hal Sbepjwird and Jtarke, of Collins street, nnd thoy will also bo Informed that should any farther steps tio taken towards carrying out tiie scheme uction will bo at once taken against them. It is considered that the promoters aro liable to be proceeded against under tho Polioe Offences Act and under the Companies Ktatntc. In view of this decision of tho Crown Law officers, it is not, howovcr, likely that the scheme wilt begone on with, as representations to thin effect were made on behalf of tho promoters to the police authorities some days since. The O.R.M.8. Lusitania, from England, after making a long passage from Albany to Adelaido, telegraphed this morning from Capo Jiordu, 44 Short of coal." Advertisers aro reminded that in order that advertisements may on Saturdays ap pear In thewholo of our issues, they muat bo to hand not later than 10.30. Advertise ments received after that hour cannot bo in serted in our earlier editions. Mr M'Hugh renewed his application to Mr Justice Iiood this morning upon behalf of Frederick James and George C'uiio, who have hccu committed for trial for house breaking, that money taken from thcmshould 1-0 given back to tucni for their defence. Ho thouuht tho cuo of Lawrcnco was a Keccdcnt for tho adoption of this course. is Honor said lie would commuuicato witli Mr Justico Hodges as to whether ho con sidered tho question of jurisdiction in that case. Ho also suggested that such an ap plication as the present might bo inado at the trial, when tho judge would no, doubt, if necessary, grant an adjournment. N.G.L. steamer Hohcnstaufcn, from Bre men, via ports, due in the Bay late this afternoon, Mails ex O.R.M.S. Lusitania expected overland to-morrow morning. Tho Chingtu arrived at tho Heads early this morning, and after clearance by tho medical olficor at Sorrento proceeded up chaotic! for tho Bay. Somo 15 tniles down a dense fog was steamed into, which neces sitated tho steamer coming up easy. The Cldngtu, under tho command of Captain Huut, left Hong Kong 7th April, Port Darwin 17th, Cooktown 24th, Brisbane 1st May> and Sydney 7th. A largo quantity of general cargo was put out at tho latter port, and there is niso a quantity of rice nnd sugar to bo transhipped here. The report shows that the voyage lias lieon one of a rough nature almost throughout, though a very pleasant one. At tiie start tho vessel ran into westerly winds, with a beam sen, causing tho teamer to roll con siderably. After leaving Port Darwin and ncrtjM tho Gulf strong wuuIh and thick weather, with strong head sea, wore encoun tered. Cargo was put out at the different jiorts of call. In running along thu Aus tralian coast tho weather proved muro favorable, tho sea being smooth, wkids moderate, with plenty of rain. Since lust trip here there lias been u change in tho The first section of tho Xccriro ' line to Jiudivick, will !>c oponcd for pasecngor and light goods traffic on Monday. Sco adver tisements. Constable John Nicholson, stationed at Fitzmy, was recently beforo tho Metropoli tan Su>criiilcndcut of Police, charged with misconduct as a constable in lieing under the inllncncu of liquor when on duty. Tho con stable was recommended for dismissal from thu force, but, in cunscqucuco of hinprorious good character, haa been allowed to resign. Constable O'.Sullivan, stationed at Russell street barracks, has been recommended for dismissal in consequence of a charge of being under tho infiuoncoof liquor when on duty having been found against him. Tho resig nation of Cnnstahlo Thomas S earner, who has been npitointcd assistant hackney car riage inspector under tho Melbourne City CouucU, has Iteen accepted. Tho Ptthlio Servlco Board linvo Ix-cn notified by tho Crown Law authorities that n vacancy has fx-en created in tho polico magistracy by the projected retirement of Mr Call, P.M. Tho Board will nominate a magistrate to fill tho vacancy in iluu course. The shadow pantomimes on thuPost Ollieo tower, which have been a cause of merri ment to thu town for many weeks, nro to bo discontinued after Monday next. On tlmt night positively tho Inst jwrformanco will lie given— or, as tho authorities put it, fluul ex- jNjrimonts willltc made— it is hoped, -when sufficient tight will bo thrown upon the diffi culty nnd tho dial to render unnecessary a partial demolition and ru-huilding of tho tower. Tho steamer Katoomba, from Sydney, duo hi tho Bay yesterday evening, did not arrive till this morning, having been de tained through strong bond winds and sea to Gabo Island, after which S.W. winds with filto weather prevailed till arrival. During tho progress of tho inquiry into tho management of tho Pcntridgo Stockado a list of grievances was hcanl, amongst which waa ono which serves to illustrate tbo manner in which warders were dealt with for alleged breaches of the regulations. 8omo time ago wo referred to tho caao of a' warder who waa fined L5 for al leged indiscretion in dealing with a prisoner who had assaulted him. The fino waa imposed, and tho chargo formulated eight and half days after tho uffcnco was alleged to have Iwcn committed, , whereas tho Public Hcrvlco and the Prison regulations provide that a charge against an officer or lufxjrdlnato cannot bo heard uuloss formulated within seven clear days after the commission of tho offunco. Tbe warder in aucstion, under these circumstances, waa legally fined, and consequently, it la ncod- less to say, tho Board promised to ro -con sider the matter. . Tho Cldof Justico announced in the Full Court this moraiog tlint tho court would bo re-constituted, so ss to hear on Monday morning tho appeal Ricketson v. Bourchlor. After that tho Full Court would proceed with tho list of appeals, etc., as at present set down. Esperanto Bay (W.A.), with! JO points, is tho only rainfall record during tho 24 hours ending 9 o'clock this morning. ! The trip to Mildara, proposed by Mcssri Chaffoy Bros, for next week, promises to bo very largely attended, it now having been MAU0 clear that members can get Lack in timo for tho dinner given by the President Of tho Legislative Council. The party, which wi'l Include Messrs Patterson ana Dow as representatives of tho Ministry, will jcavo Spencer street station next Monday afternoon at 4.40 p.m., and will dine at Baf- la rat. Breakfast will be aervod at Murray Bridge next morning, Gawler, on tha line to Morgan, being the next refreshment station. ' Morgan, the terminal station on the Murray, will be reached about 3 o'clock in tho afternoon, and - the party will then face the dangers of the deed until Friday morning, when they will be landed at MUdura. Friday and the morn ing of Saturday will be devoted to cram on irrigationist's benefits, as exemplified at Mildura, and at midday on Saturday tho intrepid explorers will commence their journey homewards via Morgan and Ade laide, Melbourne being reacbeoon the morn ing of Tuesday, tho 20th Inst. Several olnoers of tho customs will aooompany tbo party oo official business. Michael M'Donnell, polico constable, answered to his hail at the City Court this morning charged with embezzling tho sum of LI0 17s 4d, the property of her Majesty tho Queen. This is the constable who had to execute a distress warrant and, it is alleged, put tho proceeds in his pocket. A remand for a week was granted, tho Crown being agreeable. A final meeting in - connection with tho movement to establish a scholarship to perpetuate tho memory of the late bon. A. I. Clark, M.L.A., was held at the Exchange Rooms, Kelson PIacc, Williamstown lost evening. After a general discussion, it was resolviid, on tho motion of Mr Sutton, seconded hy Mr Orr, " That this meeting after due consideration of all tuo circumstances in connection with the proposal to establish a University Scholarship, havo decided to abandon such." A letter was then read from tho late lion, gentleman's widow, in which she expressed a desire that the com mittee might direct the application of the sum suliscribed towards erecting a monu ment in tho local cemetery. Accordingly, thu course was decided upon, and the meet ing adjourned after appointing a committee of three to select and report upou a suitablo design. It is estimated that a sum of over L500 will bo Available for outlay. The monthly meeting of tho commitUo of the Victorian Eye nnd Ear Hospital was held at the institution' on Wednesday, 7th instant. Present s— Mr E. M. Gibbs, presi dent and treasurer (in tbe chair), Ur Bowcti, T. J. Davcy, C. T. Plunket, and George Mowling. A letter was received from Mr K. Xewhigin tendering his resigna tion as a member of the committee, in conse quence of his intended visit to England, which was accepted with regret. Tho secre tary reported that ho was receiving but n very feeble response to his appeal, through the prexs, for pictures to adorn tho walls. Accounts for L213 19s 7d were passed for paymoot. The state of the house on 30th April was reported as follows : — In-patients — In house' at last report, 41; admitted during tho month, 21 ; discharged (cured or relieved), 28 ; rcmamiuing in house, 34. Out- paticutsMalcs, 578 ; females, 48-1 ; new cases, 281 ; total attendances, 1343. Operations— In-patients, 24 ; out-patients, 19 ; total, 43. A well attended and enthusiastic meeting of domestic servants was held in tho Trades' Hall hut evening, Mr M'Farlaue in tbo chair. Tho rules referring to Jbo mode of conducting tho affairs of tho Association weru read by tlio secretary. They were thcu considered scrintim, and rules 1, 2, and . 3 adopted without amendment. One of tha members brought forward a motion to tho effect that the secretary, Mr Morrish, write to tho daily papers, atailng that a labor bureau in connection with tho Union will shortly lie opened in tho Trades' Hall, aud requesting tho patronage of employers. Tho mooting then adjourned to next Thursday. At tho close soveral new mem bers were enrolled. The usual fortnightly, meeting of tho Austral Solon was held in Buxton's Art Gftllcry.mi Thursday evening, Mrs Sidney Dickenson in tho ciioir. Aftcc the formal business was transacted Miss Costilla read a napcr on Australian Art. Professor Sidney UickcriAon, M.A., delivered a very able and interesting address on Art, illustrated with very fino dissolving views, showing tho por traits of old and modern masters and their most famous works. At tiie close Mr Dickenson showed a number of tho art !>couty spots of the world, most of which ' ho luid visited, and was able to givo Ids hearers highly interesting details of each view. A copy of one of Valleski's greatest works was shown In the gallery and a most interesting discussion . on its merits followed. After a humorous Irish recitation by Miss Trevor Wallace, given with great archncrf and jollity, Baron Von Mueller seconded a hearty vote of thanks to the performers, proposed by Miss Murphy, and a very enjoyable evening terminated. F, Wilson, sen., of 10 Walker atroot, Prahran, writes " I have in my possession a portrait in oils of tho lato G. V. Brooke, wtiieh I am willing to prctcnt to nuy lady or gentleman who will interest themselves iu having it bung iu somo public institution, A man so noblo, who in his last moments gave Ills kind farewell to the people of Mel- bourne when the steamer London was sink ing, in my opinion ids memory should bo pcrj)ctuatcd. Should this meet with the ap proval of any of your readers, please direct to 'F. W., Post Office, Prahran,' naming tho institution in which they propose to hang the portrait." Mr Marshall M. Lylc. solicitor, delivered nn address at tho North Melbourne Branch of the A.K.A. lost night, nnd in the course ot bis lecture he said lie did not believe in circumstantial evidence. As an instance in point ho referred to tho case of Bluett, tho subject of what was known as "Tho Williams- town Mystery-" After tho corpse found had been positively identified, said MrLylu, by Mrs Bluett nnd a numl>cr of tho dairy man's friends, by certain peculiar marks about his body, it bccamo his (Mr I.ylu's) husiuusi to put a notice in tho newspopors with rcgaid to tho administration of Bluett's estate. Shortly after the Ap pearance of tho Advertisement a mau came into his office and raid, "Is Mr Marshall Lyle in 7" Mr Lyio said, " Yes ; 1 am he." Tho visitor looked at hiut steadily, and said, 44 Well, I am Bluott." Mr Lylo said hu thought the strnngor was n upecinl edition of Hamlet's father's ghost, ana oxclaimod to tho substan tial apparition, " Blow it 1" Tho man said he was ia fact Bluett, pulled some of his clothes off, anil began to show the peculiar mirks about his t»dy, which his wife mid friends had spoken o'f, nnd which corresponded with those on tho dead body. After further proofs, ho (Mr Lylu) was com pelled to believo tlmt tho living Jlluett was ; tho real ono, uml that thu dead man . was only a falsu representative, who had put iu an appoar- nncn to deceive them and lead them astray, This remarkable caao had convinced him tlmt circumstantial cvidenco was not to bu relied upon, and waa, in fact, practically no good. Yesterday was polling day for tho olcctioa of a councillor to tho Nunawadtug Council to thu vacancy croatud by tho resignation of thu iato President aud present Secretary, Mr Haughtoti. There were two candidates, Messrs Serpoli anil Aspinall. Tho former was clcotou by a majority of 73. Attention is called to tho advertisement elsowhero cf tho Australian Open Exchange. In our advertising columns wdl lis f-jand the director report and balance-sheet of tho Kngfisb and Australian Mortcaga Bank. Tbo profit and loMaoeiunt, attei providing for all charge, aud including the lialancn from pre vious half-yrar, shows a profit of L42.&23 18a 53 available fur distribution, which it is pro- uoscd to appropriate as follow t— In payment of a dividend at th rato of 14 per cent, per annum. LSI, 000; transfer to reserve fund, thereby increasing it to L220.000, L6000; balance to next half-year, Lie, 022 18s Od. It ts announced that an important executors' salo will bo held to-morrow afternoon, when Messrs Monro and Baillicu will sell by auction acre and half-acre blocks In tlto Grango Katato, township of Daode- nong. The salo will bo conducted in a large marquee, and will commcpco at half-past 3 o'clock sharp. Trains Icavo Prince's Brldgoat 11.69 a.m. and 2.20 p.m. Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. Wo havo been requested to call attention to tho programme, as advertised elsewhere, of thu South Melbourno Regatta, to be hela on tbe 24th May. Eutries received up to 8 p.m., 16lh inst. Under the iioad'of Victorian Railways are advertised arrangements for excursion trains on tho Beochwortb and Myrtleford Bnand also for the servico to the Hunt Club .races to-morrow. , A matinee performance was given on Tuesday last by tho theatrical profession in Sydney in aid of the Bourko Relief Fond. It was originally Intended to have taken plfleo at the Tnoatre Royal, but in ordor to save expeoso in the cartage of scenery, ete., . for Midsummer Night's Dream; which was one of tho attractions, Mr Rlgnold generously, granted the tree use bMUa theatre. The principal item In the programme wee tbe appearance of MrsPqtter and Mr BeUcw In an act from La Tosea, which was received with the greatest enthusiasm. The pro moters, Messrs Williamson and Garner and Geo. Rlgnold, will have the pleasure of | handing over the handsome sum. The Richmond Calbotie Young Men's So ciety are thinking oi inaognratingan address from ths Cethnlie young men of Victoria to tbo 1'opc. They inteud giving a special dramatic entertainment in aid of tbe Build ing Fund of St. Patrick's Cathedral The annual Grand Masonic Ball will be held at the Freemasons' Hall on Thursday, 29th May, ouder the patronagj of Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., and tho United Grand Lodge of Victoria. We have to acknowledge, with thanks, the following additional donations on be half of the lady in distress whose case was mentioned in Tuesday's Herald : — Tiie Bishop of Melbourne, LI Is ; Mrs Goo, LI la t Lady Benjamin, LI ; also subscriptions per Mr T. Smallman, P.M., L2 12s Od. Tho Melbourne University Boat Clob ball, under the patronage of His Excellency tho Governor and the Countess of Hopctonn, will be held in the Wilson Hall on 20th May, Tuesday week. To-night is the last night on which fthamas O'Brien will be played at tho Alex andra. Marvellous Melbourne will be pro duced at this theatre to-morrow night. Tbe Noble Vagabond will bo withdrawn from tho Theatre Royal after to-night. To morrow After Dark will be produced. 