BREVITIES. Last November 9 was the forty-eighth anniversary of tbe birth of tbe Prince of Wales ; and tiiu following day tbe Duke of Fife, hlsson-tn (aw/completed bls40tb year. At Sandringham 300 labourers and others were feasted in honour of tbe Prince's birthday, and 200 West End tradesmen, who are patronised by tbe Prince, dined together as uanal. Tbe attention or tne eyes wnicn aeiaina Princess Christian on tbe continent is thought very serious. The diseatie of tbe eye from which she suffers is said to be toe same as attacked George III. The Crown Prifoe of Greece and bis bride did not disappear for the orthodox honeymoon, but (lay by day mixed freely with the Royal Ruests iu Athens. Tbe Empress Frederick, mother of the briile, spends mucb of ber time in tbe Acropolis sketching There ia again a rumour that tbe Duchess of Albany is desirous of contract ing a second marriage with a German prince. Tbe Queen is said to be etronly opposed to ber eon's widow marrying Again. Tbe DucbeBS of Fife (says the World) IB thorougnty enjoying me emancipation of ber new life, tor she is to be seen walk ing about with her husband and looking into the shop-windows with as keen an interest aB any country cousin. Tbe jewelled collar presented by the Sultan to tbe Empress of Germany Is said to be worth £45,000. The Emperor, tele graphing to Prince Bismark as he was leaving Constantinople, said his stay was like a dream, which tbe magnificent hos pitality of tbe Grand Seiguior rendered paradisaical. The Emperor aud Empress have arrived at Venloe. Tbe Czar will visit tbe Sultan in tbe spring. Queen Natalie has again again trium phed. King Milau has gone to Belgrade to sign a deed of Hrrangement with tbe Queen, and be will then definitely settle down in Paris. The Imperial family of China have a domestic difficulty. Tbe dowager Em nress comnelled her son tbe Emperor fo marry her niece while be was bent on marrying a lady outside the Imperial olan. Tbe marriage took place montba ago, but tbe Emperor obstinately refuses to see bis consort. Tbe news of Dr. Peter's death is dis credited by the Germane. Some ivory sent from Africa by Mr. Stanley h«B reached Sheffield, and sold for £85 per owt Lord Charles BereBford bad a serious fall while bunting, but is going on well. The mother of the Duke of Westminis ter has just entered upon ber 93rd year. Tbe Duke of Westminister has bad eonie worn-out tenements on bis Grosve uor square estate demolished, improved workmen's dwellings taking tbeir place. A portion of tbe site has been laid out by tbe Duke as a public garden. Miss Durnlngfimith bos spent £10,000 on tbe erection of a fiee library st Kec elngton cross. Tbe memorial of tbe late Mr, Firth will take tbe form of a book fund, to be ex, pended In distributing throughout the public, workmen's, and school Board libraries books dealing with municipal and other suitable subject?. Owing to the .mildness of the season, roses, primroses, and other flowers were in bloom in tbe gardens around London In November. Apple- blossom was to bei seen at South Norwood. Tlie Shah has ordered a gl'tbs, the vari ous countries of which are represented by precious stones— France by sapphires, Russia by diamonds. England by rubles, wblle emeralds will figure bs tbe various oceans and Beas. Madame Pattl has transformed tbe colour of ber balr. To the surprise of her friends, she reoeutly appeared as a blonde Instead of a brunette. Fair tresses are now all the fashion. Mr. Edison Ib a member of a theoso pbloul society iu New York. Sir Edward Clarke, tbe Salicilor General, has set an example whinh might well be followed hy other public men wbo find reports in newspapers that they deem slanderous. Instead of pr-'Cf-»dlng against the &iar; for printing a speerU hy Mr. Conyheare which reflwted on Sir Edward's conduct when standing (or Southampton, he chullen i«l Mr. Couy beare to repudiate the slander or Htatid hy it in a oourt of law. This resulted in an expression of apology hy Mr. Couy beare. A danger exists t hat seals will he ex terminated. The U. 8. agent lo B'liriug Sea tbiuks the BUpply Ihere cannot last more than six years unless au eud is put to illegal fishing, hy whlcb six seals are killed and left iu the water for every caroase tbat is secured. A Fair Rents' League has been started In East London. It is declared that workmen ought to be able to obtain sani tary dwellings at Ib a week. Fifteen millions out of fifty millions goes to the ground landlords iu Loudon. The agricultural value of London was £1 per acre, any other value being created by tbe community. A Russian ginntess has arrived in Lin don. Although only 12 years of age. Bhe Btands nearly 7ft. In height and is still growing. A great clock has just been completed at Portsmouth which strikes on bells weighing 6 J tons. The inscription no one of the bells says thai It was cast on tbe 70th anniversary of the Queeu's birthday. A magnificent lunar rainbow was witnessed at Blackburn, Footliall matches were played ici tbat district by moonlight. Lord Coleridge fined 17 jurymen £10 each, tbey having failed to auuwer to tbeir names. One director and tbe executors of another have oeen declared by a Judge to be liable for the sum of £250.000 invested iu connection with tbe Sheffield and South Yorkshire Buildiug Society. Ought milkmen to be permitted to ' yelji' their wares in the streets ou Suu day morning to tbe disturbance nf a con gregation ? Tbe West Londun magistrate tbinks tbat a man can call out bis milk so long as h3 does not do so with the de liberate purpose of annoyiug the wor shipper. The magiBtrate, however, de cll ued to answer tbe query whether a man ought to be allowed to make as much noise aB be liked in the streets on Suuday mornings. For weeks a 'gtiost' haunted the lonely spots around Ock brook, Derby shire. to the alarm of the inbabitaniB. One night tbe apparition, with a blue 'cloud' about its bead, was seen darting about among some tombstoneB. A villager and a policeman made bold to capture tbe ghost, which turned out to be a young womau living iu tbe village. Four at a birtb is reported from Llanelly — three girls and one boy. The latter and one girl died. A man at Cincinatti, who has just died successively married three sisters, and for bis fourth wife married his mother-in-law Each wife died leaving an infant. The laBt wife was not only slater. in-law to her own daughter, but stepmother to her own grandcbildreu, A young man in Hungary, calling him self Count Vay, wooed and wedded a young lady. Some months after the mar riage it transpired that tbe bridegroom was not a mau at all, but a countess, who all ber life had been brought up as a male. The bride's father bas caused the countess to be arreBted. Her object in getting married was to poasess herself of money owned by the bride. A large owl bus taken up its quarters in the grouudB of Guy's Hospital, and seems quite at borne in one of the lofty trees. At dusk tbe owl quits itB perch in search of prey, and several half devoured sparrows and rats have been found lying about. A mousier of tbe deep— a king cuttle fish — became stranded on the Irish coast. Its arms or tentacles were 30ft. long, so tbat it had a prasp of 70ft , sufficient to drag down a vessel or strangle a w'lale. A porter at Hexham station in tbe darkness encountered an animal which he took to be a large dog, which attempted to attack him. He partially disabled tbe animal with a pole, aud then found that be had been dealing not wltb a dog, but with a Russian bear which had escapeil from a circus. A printer's boy io Parle, selected for an old man a lottery ticket for tbe recent drawing of tbe Exhibition Bonds, Tbe old man humcirouBly remarked that If it took the big prize he would give tbe lad lO.OOOf. A few days after, tbe boy waB injured in tbe machinery and diBabled for life. Tbe ticket gaiued tbe prize of balf-a-milJion francs, and the boy secured bis 10,000. Tbe Paris Exhibition is already in course of demolition. On the closlngday the visitors numbered 400,000. It is esti mated tbat visitors to Paris from tbe pro vinces aud from a distance during tbe six months spent 50,000,000 sterling. Some people made fortunes in connection with the Exhibition, one restaurateur clearing 1,000, OOOf. Mexico was ravaged for eight days by a blizzard. 20,000 sheep and hundreds of cattle perished in the drifts. The stoppege of tbe Great Carnegie works near Pittsburg. U.S., to enable tbe men to attend tbe funeral of tbe de ceased superintendent, wbo lost bis life by an accident at the works, ia said to have cost tbe company £10,000, owing to the chilling of tbe rolls, the banking up of tbe furnaces, and the cooling of the tremendous machinery. An AtlantiCliner, tbe Queensmore of Liverpool, laden with cotton and cattle, took fire while ou ber maiden voyage. The men worked at the pumpB until they could not Bee one another for tbe smoke, There were a 1000 live cattle on boird, and as the deck became too hot for tbem, tbey were driven overboard to perlBh in tbe sea. The vessel ran on tbe rocks off tbe Irish coaBt, tbe crew esoaping. Tbe ship Garston, nf Liverpool, was wrecked in tbe South Pacific. The men were iu an open boat for 10 days, their rations being a biscuit and two tblmble fuls of water dally. For some time the water was alive with sharks, which snap ped at th« oars. Making a sail of their shirts, tbey reached Humphrey Island and were well treated by tbe natives. A Bri tish vesselarrlved toanuexthe island and the men were taken off with tbe excep tion of one, wbo preferred to remain and cast in bis lot with the islanders, A Kendal banker, who was tbe first to ride up at the death of Ihe bare, wblle bunting, dropped dead from excitement, During tire mayoral banquet at Welsh pool Councillor Hurst suddenly expired. Although the streets were so densely thronged daring the passage of tbe Lord Mayor's procession, only about 15 injur ies, moBtly trifling, bad to be attended to at tbe hospital*. A little obild fell iuto a pond near Ply mouth. The mother ran to Its assistance and falling In, both parec't and eblld yyere drowned. A man thinking a train had entered a Manchester station, went to ,»tep nut aud falliuir over a lofty bridge, was dreadfully Injured. At Wel lington, as a mother uud her daughters were entering their house, a shot waB fired, killlug one daughter aud wouudiug tbe mother and sister. The father stated that he was taking down a gun when it accidentally exploded. At Hoxton, two little children left iu a room were burned to death iu the absenue of their mother. At Cborley, a man died from the effects of Bueezlng after tukiug a pinch of snuff. A farmer's sou, shockingly injured In a threshing machine, was carried to Pres ton Infirmary in a state of collapse through Iobs of blood. As a last resource Dr. Oliver, bouse surgeon, submitted to the transfusion nf Mood irom his own body to tnat of tbe patient, hot the opera tion prolonged lift* only a few hours. Mr. Blackmora, tlie novelist, who Ib a muiket gardener at Teddiugton, prose, cuted bis heBd gard-Mier for selling £5 worth of pearB, and a greeugrocer was Wtnrgeri with receiving the stolen fruit, A poaching ufiray occurred near Llanelly. A poacner struck tbe game keeper such u violeut blow ou tbe bead with the butt-eud ot his guu that the weapon exploded, killing the poacher himself, The gamekeeper is not expected to recover. A domestic near Leamingtou reported that the burglars had entered and carried ott a quantity of valuables iu her mis tress's abaetics, Suspicion falliug on tbe girl herself she committed suicide. A mau who has been ruined by borse racing aud committed suicide al Green wich, left a statement for the coroner and samples of poison for the jury. Women play an important part iu burglaries. Tbey watch houces, their sex placing them above suspicion, and they dispose of the booty. Tne police entered a house iu Clerkeuwell, and arretted thrre men and a wom'un who were fniind iu possession of the proceeds of many burglaries committed in the Loudou suburbs. A woman at Lambeth also stands charged with receiving and dis posing of the proceeds of several burglaries. Two boys who went lo school at Brad ford six weeks ago mysteriously disap peared, uud no trace of them can be fouijii. A boy having been murdered ami mutilated in the surne locality some months since, the latest disappearance has spread alarm. A hand of brigands recently organised a plot to steal the Indian mails during their passage through Italy. Tbey stopped the train by hoisting a danger signal, but fled when tbey shw that the Government, getting wind of Ihe plot, had filled some of tbe carriages with soldiers. An attempt to steal a kiss ended fatally in Buda Pestb. A confectioner's wife was cutting paper in a shop, when a youug man attempted to kiss her. Lift ing her hand in self defence the kifne entered tbe young mau'd heart, causing instant death. Miss Dixel, of Pittsburg, an heiress to £1,200.000, wbo recently entered a uuu ilery, having passed tbe probationary period without faltering in ber resolve to renounce tbe pomps aud vanities of the world, has now tasen tbe white veil of tbe nun. An eccentric lady who lived alone uear Hyde Park was found dead at the foot of tbe stairs, down which she bad falleu. Tlie bouse was richly furnished, but iu a state of filth. Tbe deceased kept many cats, which she fed on luxuries, aud when one died she bad it buried in au expensive colfin. It is stated by Mr. Mtllo, M.P., tbat tbe Irish party have Pigott'e secret diary, and tbat its publication will put tbe sensation of tbe CommiBsion far out of eight. Lady Butler, painter of ' Tbe Roll Call,' ia painting an Irish eviction scene for tbe next Academy. The railway fromluuiskeen to Carrick macrosB has beeu boycotted on account of the company's refusing compensation to an evicted tenaut. Tbe Limerick landowners, have pro tested against wholesale and complsory land purchaBe schemes aa ruinous to the resident landlords who benefit tbe country. Viscountess Combermere bas be queathed £28,000 to tbe North Cork In firmary. ? 