A DREADFUL STORY; \- T . ' Bv Arthur Law. , The month was J uly, the year 1869, and the place Rangoon, in British Burmah The Monsoon had set in, and the cool weather arrived ; that is to say, the thermometer had fallen to 90deg. in the shade, at which we Europeans experienced a perception of energy pervading our languid. frames, arid .this natives shivered at- the inclemency of tlib weather.; Havipg wakened iromour oomacose uuu uiauuyisicu wiou a Hgiiu v.uau could actually be worn indoors over a shirt and drawers without positive inconvenience, we took- heart once more, and, banishing suicidal inclinations, deter mined, to endeavor to support existence for a further period; Our- renewal of vigor inspiredvus with, hope, and we felt that action was possible. What should jwe' do ? Here/someone suggested brandy and soda- but as that had been done to death, we decided against it— for the present. " I have it," cried Benyon, rising to his feet, with an impetus , which , the brilliancy of the idea engendered, and flinging the 'end of his cheroot over the verandah, " theatricals .There was magic in the word at which , the latent spark of histripnibffire fanned into instant-life, and filled our bosonis with the glow of expectant faine. Aniong no other , sorts: and conditions of men may be fo und somanydisciples of Thespis as in the ranks of, the. British officer,, and in ;no, matter what part of the globe he may find himself., there will he set up his temple and worship at its shrine.; Most people, who interest themselves in the matter at all, conceive (for some hitherto inscrutable reason) that they are born actors, but lie is even more cracked upon, this point, than others, for which- indeed, his vanity, is riot altogether accountable, since it is at' all times difficult to ; believe oneself unde ervirig oi adulation, ! and do not his friends greet his every effort with admiring plaudits, while the local press assures him that he is possessed of histrionic gifts which would' compare favorably with the. genius of a Garrick ur a Kemble,,and to which the talents of the leading mem bers of the lnoderxi stage are but as those of the merest tyro. Theatricals being, carried unanimously, the avail able stock ot playbooks was ransacked for the selection of a suitable piece, the search resulting in our deciding upon " The Corsicau Brothers" as the principal attrac tion. Benyon, our manager and leading man,'- cast himself with much promptitude for the unhappy twins, arid distributed the remaining characters'' among us . to bur cbmplete dissatisfaction. The usual difficulty of the ladies was fortunately no obstacle, as certain of the Officers wives were always available, and the best look ing drummer boys would appear as the ladies of the ballet. 'Benyon, stanirling'over six feet in his stockings, it was a little difficult at first to fincl a suitable repre- . sentative of the ghost of Louis ; bub at length Coventry was. prevailed upon to undertake it on being told - he would put an end to the whole performance if he refused.- Coventry was the keenest sportsman in the regiment, looked, upori the pursuit of game as the only v worthy- object' itfdife,ftrd4ielfi.tbea'tncals in'- supreme' contempt ; but promised his assistance on this occasion, merely adding, that it would be his first and last ap pearance on any stage. Rehearsals commenced, pro ceeded with the accustomed bickeriugs, dissensions, and recriminations, and the eventful daj of perform ance arrived. We ran through the piece, in the mor ning for the, last time, and then dispersed to our respec tive bungalows to; keep cool and pull ourselves together for the evening. Long before eight o'clock, the hour appointed for-the curtain to rise, we were made up and dressed, and dividing the time between taking last fond looks at our parts and peeping through a hole in the drop at the audience as they poured into the front. . The; hour' had struck, the band was- playing the last bars of tlie overture, and we were clearing the stage preparatory to ringing up, when all at once Benyon exclaimed in a loud whisper, "Why, where's Coven try?" Someone ran to the dressing-rooms and returned shaking his head. No one had 'seen him ; strangely enough no one had thought of him. At that moment Coventry's chokra ran in and handed a note to Benyon,- who read it aloud as we crowded round him. The note, a leaf torn out of a pocket-book, was to this effect, "Just heard there are duck on the lake. Don't be alarmed ; shall be with you long before I'm wanted. T. C." "Duck on the lake," growled Benyon, "I wish they were at the bottom of it. However, I sup pose he's safe to be here.- Now then, you fellows, it's time' to begin." The curtain rose, and the play begin ning, we forgot for a time the absence of Coventry, till someone observed, " The act is half over, and he's not here yet." Benyon, coming off and overhearing the speaker, was on the point of sendirig round to the drum-major to tell him to come behind at once and dress for the; part, when White rushed up from, the dressing-room, calling . out, "All right, Coventry's here, just saw him come in at the stage door. The threatened hitch in the performance being thus averted, the play proceeded, the tableau at the end of the act, , .where in a vision Fabian, sees his brother dead upon the ground at the termination of the duel, was a great success, and the curtain fell upon loud applause. Indeed the entire play went smoothly from first to- last, and Coventry acquitted himself so well in the ghost scenes as to cause Benyon to confess that he wouldn't have believed he had it in him. The rain, , which had been falling as it only can fall in Burmah during the monsoon, had ceased, the wind had dropped, , and the moon was shining from out a cloudless sky as ; we left the Assembly Rooms and turned our steps towards the iriess house. . Just as we reached the ; gate of the compound a white figure rushed from! out the deep shadow of the trees into the road before \- us, and, wringing its hands, cried out to us in tones of terror or disiriay. Recognising, at length, in what we at first tookior, a mariiacj Coventry's butler, we called ! out, " What's.the matter?" to which he could only reply, " Coptry Sahib, Cootry. Sahib!" and pointed, to 'two Burmahs,, who at that moment appeared upon the scene, carrying ' a litter between them which they set dowri iipon our approach. I think there was not one of lis who did not involuntarily halt and shrink back as if fascinated by an instinctive horror of what lay before us then so still and motionless. At length' Benyon walked slowly up to the litter, and gently withdraw ing the handkerchief from the face, disclosed- the fea tures of Coventry, white and fixed, with sightless eyes turned up towards the sky. We gathered afterwards from the men who had. brought his body home, that in rising suddenly to his feet in the boat, he had over balanced himself, fallen forward, and his gun,'>which was under him, going off, the charge had lodged in his left side, killing him instaritlyrT He had sent off , the chokra with the note to Benyon about half'-an-lioiir before the accident occurred, so, allowing for \the 'dis tance , the lioy had to go, he must have met his death at the moment when White saw- him enter the Assem bly -Rooms. Thirteen years have, passed, and Time and- Death have 'drawn their pen through, many names " upon the regimental; roll call ; biit the youngsters notice that on a certain evening in July the senior- officers draw their chairs together after mess, arid talk" in low tones of a bygone night in Burmah ; and, asking one another what it means, they hear the story of that fatal time", and how the ghost of Louis dei Franchi was represented by a ghost indeed. Note.— Should any of my readers be sceptical as to the truth of this; strange, narration, I beg to refer them to the other actors who took part in that memorable performance ; and I have merely to add that they will not corroborate it-. 