FOOTBALL. SATURDAY, ISTD APRIL, Carlton r. Xorth Par};.— On the Prince's Oval. North Melbourne r. Varlisitlc.—On the North Melbourne Recreation lidserve. J'oit Melbourne r. South JHel>oiirne Juniors. WHAT do I think of Four Thousand Six Hundred Guineas for litan ? 01), the money was worth him. You are quite right. Carbine was a cheap investment at three thousand guineas; but then 1 radition wasu't at three thousand and fifty. Besides, 'I itan's not built their way, and when his racing days arc ended he will have to go aud help feed the lions in the Hoyal Park. You talk about a Land Boom ! Spare my days ! there must have been a Gelding Boom ill Sydney last week. Only 1500 guineas were offered for (Catling, a colt tiiat piomites to down the mighty Titan the next time tliey meet. You mark my word if he don't. ACCORDING to the Argus on Saturday, " Mr. T. Payten informed the chairman of the Australian Jockey Club Committee that he wished an inquiry to be held into the running of Titan in the Champagne Stakes, as rumours had come to his knowledge that tiie race was not lost on its merits. The committee have not yet decided whether it is neeeesary to accede to the request." It will be remembered that Titan (who was ridden by Tom Hales and started at 4 to ] on) WHS defeated in the Champagne Stakes by Wilga (ridden by Mick O IJneii, and against whom 20 to 1 was ostensibly on offer). Of course the A.J.C. Committee will not deem it necessary to holil an inquiry. Why should they? Just turn up vour "Shakespeare" and read Marc Antony's oration over the dead body of Ctesar, where he says :— " For Brutus is au honourable man. So are they all—all honourable men 1' THIS is how the New York Smi expatiates on the Pugilistic Boom which lately swept over AT,erica :—" It has cost San Francisco 20,000 dol. more to have its prize lights than it cost Stanley iu about the same per od to rescue Kmin Pasha, to fight innumerable battles, to transport hundreds of men hundreds of miles and feed andmiiutain them, and probably to establish a great empire in the interior of Africa. The average pay of the popular milliliter in San Francisco is about 3500 do)., and Joe M'Aulifie in four battles iu the last year and i - half received 3100 dol.; Jackson, for three fights in ICBS than a year, received 7500 dol., aud made a couple of thousand more by teaching boxing; aud the • Marine,' iu six months on two lights, made 6500 dol. All of which would seen to indicate that in this wicked city the Man of God is not valued as highly as the Man of Muscle. Nor has the fever abated entirely, fur since Peter Jackson thrashed Jem Smith iu England there have been olfeied purses for a contest between him and Sullivan that nialte tile California Oiuh purses heretofore given as small in comparison as a real estate agent's conscioncc. The California Club modestly offered 10,000 dol.; San J< ee raised them 5000 dol.; San Diego made it 20,000 dol.; El Paso stayed ; then Sam Davis, with Ills Lake Tahoe scheme, suggested 25,000 dol.; Seattle, Santa Cruz and Mose Gunst also thought it worth that much ; New Orleans and Victoria simultaneously offered 30,000 dol.; and now ail Kastern despatch Rays that some mau named Pacheco will l'jise 35,000 dol. for the fight.' THERE were some " pweliminawy eintawV amongst the football clubs last Saturday, the results of which'were as fallow .-—Carlton defeated Britannia (23) by 2 goals 4 behinds to 1 goal 5 behinds; North Melbourne put Rainbow (23) through by 2 goals 2 behinds to 3 behinds ; Melbourne euchied their next 23 by 7 goals 4 behinds to 2 goals 2 behinds ; Richmond scored 4 goals 10 behinds against East Richmond (23) 2 goals 2 behinds; Fitzoiy " smatlierooed " Clifton (23) by 10 goals and 24 behinds to 1 coal 1 behind ; the Union Jacks compelled the Premiers to knuckle under by 4 goals 1 behind to 3 goals 5 behinds ; St. Kilda made Napier Imperial (23) sit up bv li goals 8 behinds to 2 goals 5 behinds ; whilst Footscray brightened the hopes of their supporters by scoiing a decisive victory over 23 of the North Park by 2 goals 7 behinds to 1 behind. As matters have eventuated it would have been much better had the Secretary of the Victorian Football Association placed himself in touch with the majority of the delegates constituting that body before he obtained the consent of Messrs. 11. C. A. Harrison, H. H. Jiudd, T. P. Power and J. lioyd to act as a committee for the selection of umpireB. Not that 1 suppose either of the four gentlemen named will feel the indignity very acutely, Of course the delegates have a perfect right to elect whoever they may think proper ; but nevertheless I fancy that had Borne few who voted against the Honorary Life Members thought the matter out thoroughly tliey would have arrived at a different coLclusion. Messrs. Harrison, Budd, Power and lloyd were specially honoured by the Yictoriau Football Association for valuable services rendered to the Associali in—not to any individual club. 1 hey had spent time and money iu bringing the game of Football to the eminence it stands in Victoria today; and as each and all of them have been Practical Exponents of the game, it presents itself to me as being something more than a blunder that tliey should be shuttlecocked about by one or two venomous aud vindictive jackanapes, who never knew how to kick a football in their lives, and whose connection with the gillie of late years has been wholly aud solely attributable to Mercenary Motives. I use the ••voids venomous aud vindictive advisedly. I know of that whereof I write ; and 1 state most emphatically that in at least one instance the antagonism displayed was the outcome of pure personal malice and spleen. However, the deed has been done now ; and methiuks in the immediate future even the oldest of Old Fogies will quickly be able to discern the Beginning of the End. AND touching that sauie " Old Fogy " business, it strikes me that the delegate who evidently wanted to pose as a Y'oung Man from the Country could give oue, if not more, of the Quartette of Old Fogies a year or two start and a beating. It's fully a quarter of a century ago since I proposed him as a member of the Carlton Footbill Club, aud he was no Spring Chicken then, I can assure you. HOT, Lord love you ! It's quite possible, even in this young country, to Out Fogyise even an Old Fogy. For, mark you, the following appeared in last Saturday's Hertibl, under the beading of Mr. T. S. Marshall:—"Mr. Marshall, who is alto head teacher of the Kensington State School, is un enthusiastic admirer of football, THOUGH HK HAS NOT PLAVED HIMSELF ! " Gnat C&'sar's ghost I Such is Football Fame ! lhenp, old boy, it's high time you were poleaxed ; you are even more Antedeluvian than the Old Fogies themselves. THAT'S a funny paragraph which appeared in the fourth edition of the Evening Standard on Saturday last, under the heading "Anglo-Australian Football Association," where it goes on to say: — "Players v. Spectators.—This match was played on Middle Park, when a good number of the Association turned up. The Players won by 3 goals fo 1." By golly, that wouldn't be the case under Australian rules. I took a stroll up as far as the Princes Oval on Saturday, to see how the new talent of the Dark Blues would shape, and if the Players had tackled the Spectators there they would have had a bit of bad luck. AND then, again, Saturday's Jlcrald wasn't out of the funny business—doubtless occasioned by the orthodox 'typographical error." Three portraits were published, purporting to be the " Football Celebrities," T. S. Marshall, T. Lsydin and Phil. M'Sliane. Instead of that the " Intelligent Comp, had inserted three blocks evidently intended to be 1 used as "Shakespearian Delineations '—the First, Second and Third Murderers in " Macbeth." HERB'S something like a Football Record for you I " W. E. M'Lagau, the London- Scottish veteran, holds a unique position among international Rugby foothalleis. Be has the followiug dates on bis International cap : — IS7S, '79, SO, 'SI, 'S2, 'S3, 'SI, '85, S7, 'SS and '00. Hut for illness he would have played in 18SG also." What's that they call him ? A "London-Sottish Veterin I" Well, at the Antipodes some of the V.F. A. delegates would dub him "An Old Fogy." But then tliey never had a football cap at all. MESSRS. Boyle and Scott's Footballers' Pam/'hlet has again made its welcome appearance, and, albeit bearing evident signs of a very hurried production on the part of the printers, is simply i .valuable to all followers of the great winLer pastime- especially when it is procurable for the low price of a" Ihrumbo." There have beeu some aluable additions made this year, notably an xcellent review of the Past Season by " Follower," f the Leader, aud the tabulated accounts of Premiership Matches, compiled by " Markwell," of the Australasian I notice that the Diagram of a Playing Ground has been excised this year, though why it should be so long as Law 9 of tile game remains as it at present stands is a bit of a conundrum. You see, it takes that diagram to expliin Law 9. 'Cos why? 'Cos the diagram in last year's pamphlet (des gned by the Secretary of the Association) explained ; that " The Goal Line is 10 yards in front of goal, and is drawn at riaht angles with the Bchiud Posts." Now, Law 9 of tile Austra'asisn game still sticks to the 10 yards in front of goal business, albeit no Captain of a team has as yet taken advantage thereof to secure a kick-off with, fay, au advantage of 19 ya'ds 2 feet (i inches. That he eould do so is open aud palpable ; for mark how Law 9 reads ;— 9.—Iu casb the ball is kicked behind the goal line by one of the opposite side (nxcept when a goal is kicked, in which case the ball is kicked oil from tbecentreof the grouud), any one of the side behind wboBe goal it is kicked may liriuf; it ten yards iu front of anv portion of the space within the Roil line (to he mtitrated by a white mark ten yard* in front) ami shall kick it towards the opposite goal. Now I maintain that sentence I have italicised locates the goal line very clearly—just as clearly iu fact as Mr. Marshall's diagram last year did— namely, ten yards in front of goal. Tins is but another example of how the Rules have been botched about whilst the tiukering process has been in vogue of late years. From time immemorial —^that is to say, from the time of the Old Fogies—the rule of the game has been that—" Two posts, to he called the kick-off posts, shall be erected at a distance of ten yards on each side of the goal posts, in a s raight line with them ; the intervening line between such kick-off' posts BIIUII constitute the goal-line. " This has always been recoguised, ami in fact Law 2 rcwls to that effect at the present time. But I.aw 9 has been so transmogrified that a portion of it actually abrogates Liw 2. In the days of Auld Lang Syne the rule read— 5—In case the ball is kicked behind goal, within the kick-ofl' posts, anv one of the side behind whose goal it is kicked may bring it 10 yards in front of any portion of the space between the kick-oil' postE, and shall kick it towards the opposite goal. Aud when you compare that simple old time law with the rigmarole of rubbish that stinds in its place on the Victorian Football Association Statute Book of the preseut day, you are bound to agree with me that it would be all the better for Football bad we some of the D.-ad Lions (old and fogyised though tliey may he) on the Victorian Football Association to try and educate a few of the Living Asses who now bray so loudly at its meetings. MY English correspondent prattles as follows :— There wa6 racing at Mauchester on Saturday. I did not attend Llie mealing, as it requires something of a more exhilarating nature than second-rate hurdle racing to draw me to Cottonopolis. A more unlovely spot than New Darns would be hard to hud on the earth, and wbeu, &B; was the caBe last Saturday, the fog enveloped the course as with a black uiautle, those who stay away have much the best of the bargain at the tiuisli. Besides, 1 hud other aud more pleasant fish to fry. " These are the days of advance." as Tennysou sings, even in eifete old England. No matter bow we faro in the Parliaments of the world, or iu the Prize liiug of the universe, iu racing we can hold our own, and soiuelimeB boast ol haviug a bit iu hand. The rapid rise aud coutiuued prosperity of Keinpton Park and Sandown Itsciug CJubs has fired the omulation of other promoters, and recently there has beeu successfully Jloated a new venture, known as the Hurst Park Club. Hitherto the racing uuder its auspices has been confined to pony aud galloway ventures, hut now the executive are going " the whole hog," and steeplechasing and fiat racing under Jockey Club rules will he included iu its programme, provided a liceuso frnui the latter august body can be obtained. The course as at present planned is adequate to anything, aud found favour iu the eyes of the select party of Pressmen and friendB who journeyed to Moulsey Hurst on Saturday. 'Appy 'Auiptou. ouca the favourite resort of the scum of the metropolis, died long since iu anything but tbeodour of sauctiiy. \Vheu the meetings were hold at that pleasant—ou]y from a scenic point of view—place it would have bsen impossible forOid Nick himself to have scratched togothermore plentiiul orproficient specimens of rascaldom. At laBt the place stuuk iu the nostrils ol the raciug world, its licence was withdrawn, ami 'Aiifiv 'Amptou was '"Appy" no more iu the lumberer'B and tickeL-suatcber's eyes. The pleasing specialty of the old ing uoique opportunities of escape when the populace or the myrmidons of the law became oppressive iu their attentions. Uut out of the ashes of Hampton has arisen Hurst Park, and we are promised that uuder it6 auspices the apostolical iujunction about everything being doDe decently and iu order will be implicitly obeyed. The meetings, of course, will be gate- money affairs, aud none but those flourish now-a-daya. Besides borBeraciug there will be other diversions, and the Australian cricket team is booked for a rnaich during theensuing season. Th« inaugural meeting of the club v i 1 take place on the 19th and 20th of March, and a "swagger'' company may be anticipated to attend. Already some 30U0 members have beeu enrolled, and thera aie more to follow. The executive seem determined to dcBerve success, and have already arranged for a £500 hurdle handicap. It was the advent of thiB formidable compelitor for public favour which raised the Kempton Park authorities to frame their £1000 Champion Hurdle Race that is set for deciEion next Tuesday. Wemayoxppct a fierce rivalry to rugo hetween the three Home courses now — Kempton Sundown and Hurst—willj Alexandra Park throwu iu to keep tbiugs lively. Sir John Astley, the pairon of tbo "wobblers' when " wobbliuE' was the rage, is a leading light of the new " show,' and the principal patrons of the Turf are enrolled iu its membership. Altogether the Hurst Pari Club bids fair to eclipse the fame of 'Appy 'Atuptou, even before that place fell into disrepute and witn a five-furloug course that rivals the best at Newmarket. and cricket grourds tiiat promise to excel those at the Oval aud Lords', and tenuis lawns as level as billiard board, and a cuisine that promises to bo a revelation of delight, and premises that are uiodeln of convenience aud luxury, there should be a big future before the latest aspirant to public patronage. Since writing this, the Calendar containing the iuaugural programme of the club has come to hand. It iB deviBed on a sullicicntly liberal scale to secure a fair Bbare of patronage at the hands of ownerF. On the opening day, Wednesday, Jfltb March, there will bn the Hampton Court Handicap Steeplechase, worth 500 sovB., to be run over three miles of ground. The entrance fee is only 3 SOVB., with 10 sovs. extra for acceptors. Forty entries have neon obtained, including some of the best as -ell as the worst steeplechasers in lingland, with a detaebmeut of three—Nus, Fetiche and Yordiere—from La Belle Franco. On the same day (hero will be the Wolsey Hanoicap Hurdle Jiace Plata of 200 sovs.. lor which 50 nave entered. Oo the ensuing day the Huist Park Hurdle Knee Plate of 000 sovs. will be the leading feature, followed by the Mole Steeplechase I'iato ol 200 sovs. Sixty-five subscriptions were received for tho first event, while the latter only secured twenty-two. Tho weightB for none of tbeee llaudicarm are yet published, but provided the handicapnerdooBhis work in leBs erratic fashiou than is Bunietimes Ilia wont, big fields should face the starter at the inaug'Jral meeting. Although the club is striking out new paths for itself there is apparently no intention to forsake the form of sport for which it was originally famous. Pony and Galloway racing was once the specialty of the Hurst Park meetings, and now the executive promises to even further develop this feature by arranging for a Pony and Galloway Derby. The HurBt Park executive have evidoutly inscribed on their banner Lhe motto of Australia, Mr. "Abington" J3aird has made another of his not infrequent appearauces iu tbe Law Courts. This time it was tbo Divoice Division that engaged his attention. Being a bachelor, it may readily be understood that it was tho character of co-rcspoudeut tbat this time fell to his Bhare. The aggrieved party was a Mr. Darbishire, who Bought freedom from biB matrimonial bonds on tho grounds of hie wifeG carryings on with Mr. llaird. Of course the co- reBpoudeut formally denied his guilt, that always being part of tbe programme with the most flagrant offenders. Tho lady is more popularly known as Miss AgneB Hewitt, aud, according to the evidence, like Voltaire's heroiue, she has had an extensive experience of the other sex. She i B an actress by profession, and her huBband follows tbe same calling. Tbe only real question at issue was not whether tbe lady had transgressed the Seventh Commandment, for that was freely admitted, but whether BIIG bad dooe so witb tho counivaoce and approval of ber lord and master. Tho jury found that Mr. Darhisbire was Dot a coneeutiug party tc tho irregular proceedings of bis wife, and brought in a verdict in bis favour, witb £500 damage?. Sir James Hannen did not appear to be over-pleased witb tbe verdict, for be summed up dead ag&iust; any monetary abe should be. Boeing tbat prior to marriage sbe was living in a condition of concubinage, aud therefore bad not tbe same value as a virtuous woman. Then, again, there was no evideuce to show that Mr. "Abington" kuow sbe was a married woman. But tho jury paid little beed to tbo exposition of bis lordship; they were evidently not prejudiced in Mr. Baird s favour, and this sporting " goutlemau's " amours aro becoming common property. Of course there was a large and representative attendance of sporting and theatrical folks at this pleasing social function, for a good divorce case nowadays draws better thau a new play. Bow Mr. J)<tird will fare when his action against the Pelicau Club couies ou cau only be at present a matter of conjecture. But if he goes into tbo wituess-bcx, and should Mr. Slavin be Bubpiunaed against him, we may expcct soma very pretty details. No paper out here bas yet dared to publish a full and faithful account of tho proceedings at the ring Bide at Bruges, hue the world will not loog remain in ignorance of the interesting narration if the case of Baird v. tbe Pelican Club is fought to a finish. An event of some interest to both home aud colonial sportsmen is the arrival of Chicago iu this laud from Aiitipodeau shores. He was deposited at Tilbury to-day from tba 6.6. Orient as fit and aB well as could be expected after so loug a confinement, with a bout of sea-sickness thrown iu to assist matters. Ho will be located at Stamford for training purposes, and become tho stablecompanion of Hingmaster. As tho wioner of the Caul field Cup, the Hourke Cup and the Melbourne Veteran States, the six-year-old son of Tbfc Drummer, out of Cpri&aude;, can scarcely expect to get in any handicap without a respectable weight. He comes over here with a tall reputation, both for speed end staying powers, and he is popularly credited witb possessing tbe ability to nivo 2llb. to Hingmaster over auy distance of ground. It is to be hoped tbe OHicial Handicapper will not form quite EO exalted a notion of bis abilities as havo eome of tbe puoting coguosceuti. If be ebould, I do not seo bow bis party are to make bim pay his way. It would mean potting him in tbe Liverpool Cup at about lOst., a weight tbat has never yet beeu accorded any animal over such a dietauce of grouud. I sbaJl make it my business to And out anything I can in regard toChicago's future, bat I am afraid tbat if bis party are as close asare Ringmaster's connection. I shall not learn very much. The policy of secretion and finwse tbat the Hingmaster stable havo seen fit to pursue since their arrival over here have not, I think, paid very satisfactorily, All the baudicappers seem to keen their eyes ou bim, not, perhaps, so much by reason of what he has done as because of tbe tall stories afloat as to what he can do when allowed. Maybe he is over-rated, but, if so, histuauegers have only themselves to thank. The,tactics they have pursued in some of bis race6—notably for tbe Ascot Stakes last year —were too palpable to deceive anybody but a confirmed idiot. THE " Outcasts'' will hold the'r First Smoke Night at tho bay View Hotel. Carlton, this (ihureday) evening. The Pirate King wil! commence the sW^hter at a quarter to eight o'clock sharp. / OLYMPUS. 