ALL FAIR IN LOVE Amy Randolph ts N. T. Ledger. Click, click, the sharp needles of the December snowstorm were rattling against the casements of old Mrs. Maple's farm-house; patter, patter, the last dead leaves of the-old sycamore tree drifted down upon the doorstep. It was an old, had house, and Mrs. Maple was an old, old woman. But you will sometimes find tufts of snowy blossoms bursting from age lichened apple- trees, and sprays of greenery on the boughs of century-old oak trees; and so it happened that Henry Maple, the ancient crone's great-granddaughter, was the bud and blossom of her worn-out life. Old Mrs. Maple owned house and land, and had money out at interest; but she was a shrewd old lady, and liked to keep her affairs in her own hands. And pretty Minny, albeit an heiress in prospective, taught the district school, and took care of the farm dairy out of hours. " It won't hurt her to work for her living if she is to be rich one of these days," said Mrs. Maple. "2 worked when I was a girl." . And upon this dreary December night Mrs. Maple's swift knitting needles gleamed like steely lightning in the fire- light and Minny sation a low chair be side her, mending table-cloths, while ever and anon a big drop would splash down upon the darned spots like a glistening globule of dew. "Bat, grandmother, why?" burst out Minny, at last, with blue eyes lifted up like forget-me-nots drenched in rain, to the old lady's parchment-like face. "Because I say so," said old Mrs. Maple. And the fire crackled, and the snow clicked softly against the window panes, and the knitting needles made zigzags of light as they flew back and forth. " But you say, yourself, grandmother, that he's a good young man," pleaded Minny. _ Old Mro'.~Haple~nodded.- .-. Without a bad habit in the world." And again old Mrs. Maple nodded like a Chinese mandarin in a collection of curiosities. "And forehanded with his farm ?" For the third time Mrs. Maple nodded. "Then, grandmother, why won't you consent to our marriage ?" urged the girl. " Childs' ssid-Mrs.-Maple, turning her spectacle glasses fall upon Minny's sweet, flower like face "I've told you why, half a hundred times! It's because your great-grandfather Maple and his great- grandfather were mortal enemies. Because your grandfather's last words upon his death bed were: I leave my soul to Heaven, my money to my dear wife, and my everlasting enmity to Job Crofton!'" *'. But, grandmother," said Minny, with a shudder, " that was very wicked I And surely, surely, the shadow of a tombstone. I should be a reconciliation P" Old Mrs. Maple shook her white head.. " Yon r grandfather was a very vindic- five man, Minny," said she; "I never disobeyed him living, and I never will disobey him dead." "But, grandmother," coaxed Minny, with her fresh cheek against the old lady's hand, " he wouldn't know it. How could he P" " Child, child, your grandfather Maple knew everything, said the old lady, with a sudden superstitions glance over her left shoulder, as something seemed to rustle at the casement. "And I do believe his ghost would haunt me if I didn't give good heed to his last words. No, no; Gilbert Crofton can never be your husband; and you may as well give up the idea first as last." And Minny Maple cried herself to sleep that night. "For I never can marry him without Grandmother Maple's consent," she sobbed.'" I'll stay single for his sake until the day of my death; but I can never disobey the kind old son! who has taken a mother's place to me and brought me up from ft baby." . ._.._ But the next night there was an apple tree at Deacon Dangerfield's, and Minny Maple was there. Gilbert Crofton did not make his appearance until late. " Gilbert," said the little francis, who sat reproachfully amid a crimson aral-, andie of apples, " what makes you so late?"- '-"a ¦' " I've been busy," said Gilbert. " But never mind so long as I'm in time for the Virginia reef." And they walked home together through the snow-drifts, talking happily of what might be if only Grandmother Maple's adamantine heart could be soft, ened. : But, late. though it was, with the old clock on the stroke' of one, there was a light shinning, reply.. from the keeping room windows, and, through the' incur tained casement they could see Grand mother Maple marching up and down the room like a sentinel on duty, her high heeled boots tapping on the floor, her fingers instinctively wandering around and around the inside of her empty Snuff bel.l; ': ?¦¦¦¦'¦/' '' ¦ .: '¦ ;, 's s.'; , . ' - . | 'Minny hurried into the room. ; " Why, grandmother," cried she, " whatever is the matter P Here are the logs all burned down to White ashes and the candlewick guttering, and you in such a United as never was! What has happened, grandmother?" . . Mrs. Maple turned her keen blue eyes upon her great-granddaughter with an expression like that of a sleepwalker.' "Many, come in," said she.') "And shut that door. Is that you, Gilbert Crofton, the great-grandson of Job. Come you in also. Children." with her old hands shaking as if palsy-stricken, I've seen a ghost! "Impossible!" cried Gilbert Crofton' . "Dear grandmother, you must have been dreaming," soothed Minny, creeping up to-her sideband drawing, her down into the old armchair beside the hearth. " Dreaming!" shrieked the old woman, " I was as wide awake as I am at this moment. I had been over to see Mrs. Muir's sick child, and it was close on 10 o'clock when I got back. And the minute I crossed the threshold, 1 had that queer feeling of some one being in the room creep all over me. And there, sure enough, in the chair opposite, where he used to sit thirty good years ago, was your great grandfather Maple, with his old ear wig and his suit of a butter nut brown, and the very green spectacles he used to wear for his weak eyes. And he took his pipe out of his month and looked at me just as your Grandfather Maple has looked at me a thousand, thousand times,: and says I':' Reuben, is that you ?' And says he: 'Tea. Lois, it is.'. And says I Oh, Reuben, what brings you back to this world ??' And- says he To wipe, out the stains of a wicked world. And says I: "'Are you happy, Reuben rs And says he Yes, and that's the reason I want others to be. And then [ began to tremble all over, and says I Is it anything I can do, Reuben ?' , And says he -' Trewarne more offending nor giving offence in the other world, Lois, and Bob Crofton's soul and mine are at variance no longer' a Says ? lie: 'Let there be peaches, and let the young man Gil bert ilie{;j6iir grandchild's husband.' And then he knocked the bowl of his pipe on, the edge of the gridiron, as I've seen big do if so often; and he got up, aMid be jacked out of the room just for all the world like a living creature. ' I've often heard as ghosts can go through a keyhole, Flit your Grandfather Maple's ghost opened; the door, and forgot to shut it after him into. the. bargain. So, when I roused up enough to know what was going on around me, the floor was covered with snow, that had drifted in, and the candle was, Wowed out." Oh, grandmother! do you think this was real?" cried Minny, with startled eyes. "Didn't I see it with, my own eyes, and hear it with my own ears?" demanded old Mrs. Maple. " It's your ' grand- father's ghost! And I might have known that if he wanted to appear he could, for he had obstinacy enough for anything, Rest his soul! You may marry Gilbert tJrofton if you want to to- morrow Minny! And perhaps your grandfather's ghost will be easy then!" So the young people were happily married, and Gilbert came to live at the farm, and managed-all the old lady's affairs for her. And she lived to be a hundred years old, before she closed those keen, blue eyes of hers upon the matters of this mortal world. But one day, in turning over the relics of the roomy, old garret, Minny came across a red chest, clamped with brass, and faintly odorous of dried lavender and rose leaves. She opened it. "Oh, Gilbert, look here!" cried she " my great-grandfather's best suit laid up in camphor gum and sweet herbs! Why do you suppose that Grandmother Maple has kept it j>" . "I don't know, I am sure," said Gilbert, with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. " Perhaps for the younger genera- tions to masquerade in!" Minny sprang to her feet, a sodden light seeming to illumine her whole face: " Gilbert!" cried she, f did you?" " No matter," said Gilbert, * laughing; "shut up the box, Minny, your grand- father's ghost will never Instant the house again." And it never did. 