tHE WEDDING NIGHT. Woi~ som6tinls iiii Mid why lMiss St. Saurver had nut married, lMen honever (lid. Possibly they were aware that she could have married whenever she chose. In this they were right. It was Claverhouse's opinion. He at least did not imagine that tTie offer he had just made was at all a novel thing to her. INor did she take it as though it were. She had h habit. of frowning a little at times-a frown that brought her flie dark brows together. She frowned in this way now- while she looked at tile oUi?ng man tontetnplatively out of lier yellow-brown " I cannot picture to myself why a man like sou should wisht to marry a woman like sne. I am not ductile, not malleable. I -save not thei qualities that make a good wifse-for such as you." Claverhouse shlrugged his shoulders. '- I love you." "oh, yes. The old story." " Meanwhile you do not answer me." " Wcll, I answer you now. And in a way which, to h degree, sirprises myself. You want me to mdiny you? I will do as yeou wishl." Never, surely, was there a stranercourt ing. Claverhouse would have swished to draw lier to him, but something in her mnien forbade approach. Whether she loved him would have been a question he could have asked hii'uself very pertinently under the conditions existent. But he did not put the query to himself. She con sented to marry him. And for the rest, lie loved her. This fact alone filled the horizon for him, suffused it with a glamor in which all other issues showed shadowily through a veil. When news of Cla, wrhouse's anticipated marriage reached his fr.ends it occasioned a wondering murmur. He had been deemed an eccentric where women were concerned: almost a misogynist. In many other ways he was unlike other men. As a boy lie had been a dreamer; as a youth at college lie had been called "Miss Claverhouse" until he one day quietly knocked down a big fellow in whose mouth the appellation had most frequently been. IIc had a skin fair as a girl's, and his frame was slight, tall and delicate. 1e had travelled most of his time. Hie had never taken any active part in life whatever. lie spoke little, and his mode of address had some thing of the drawling gentleness of a very feminine woman. People did not fre quently affect to understand him. Gener ally, this verdict concerning him would have been that he was e*cetdingly easy going and harmless. Andl ihy should Miss it. Shuiesir care 6 narry thilus fashion of man? 11i ha. money, to be sure; but so had Miss St. Sanurur, how. Time had been when she had not had, and that only shortly before. But a belle she had always been; ond a beauty too according to those whose taste was conceded to be that of the connoisseur. Nd. It was inconceivable that she should want to marry a man who was "so de cidedly a Miss Nancy !" Yet, inconceivable or not, the weddint day drew nearer. It was felt to be, by the friends of both, another eccerittitity that the marriage should take place ih Flifidit. Why had they not come home for thei beid mony? But Miss St. Sauveur hisd hIto wished it. She had always, for the matteri of that, been given to strange caprices. And as for Claverhouse, what cared he ? There was a full moon, and through the yellow whiteness suffused by it a light in a boat moored on the river hard by glowed dilly red. A man had been waiting in the shadows down by the river for an hour-for twn hours-then three. The lights in the house had seemed to him to be about to burn for ever. Through the mellow, flower-scented u-aiiiith of the night there came at intervals an echo of laughter, the tones of a piano, the ringing notes of a song. The man lighted a cigar, *-ited agair, and then tossed it away With it mufflet ?ith. HIow long would this last He took out another cigar. MBit this he did not light. His quick eye had discerned a moving shadow au?dig tihe inotiodlibs shadows of the treet. It was a wditih's shape. His restlessritiss subsided at itioe. veered into a stebl, tidtlet in which each nerve was tense with purpose and set as iron. "Well-you waiited to tee me and here I am." The words cliae haughtily froin under the scarf of lice that half concealed the womat's face. Nevertheless the man gixe a short laugh. He leaned back against a tree and crossed iiis aims. She might take what tone she liked. She had come out here. She had tacitly consented to meet him, to hear -hateter he had to say. If he had lost his pidttisfhti watild ifbt lit?il dbile that. Had ythlii 9hAdt Bii*ti less thick liite she must hhMe tieh thb ttihiuitph in his eyes. fairly ?"hiielu sd i thi i&s...; At that the JLdithine St. ijthieur he knew flashed lit tlip iiihI;. "Fairly I Fair t lil ie ly.- you!-to use the *?iod ? B:y What tUatirig do you flhd yotSlelf here ?" " We will wait iiall that. 1 hit bitoly wbek t toat ~ftlTre w to he mairied. 1 t-s iisii lazlct, but I manage~i to get back liHl." "I aiii t bsit illliemdil iii tw dhya fibih "'You?" . "'Yes, t" lie suddenly iifintsesit his arms aihdtdi dit h.tphearer td her. he~e moonlihht fell on his fAeA. Alshe met his compelling glance Josephine St. SatililI" shivered. "Yes,I! You love me. Deny it if you can. What are you mairyinig this muff for?" lie had caught the involuntary quiverinig of her nerves and gauged his whole in fluence; but now he saw her react-gather her strength together passionhtely. "How dare you come hero and say these thinge tome ? Youi a man who can lie to a woman and deceive and play such a coniedy as Satan might blush at ?" "I kept from you the fact that I had a wife when I told you that I loved you last year. That is true. But, as I have since said, I expected at any moment to secure a separation--a divorce. "Well?" That tremor had seized her again. "Well, the divorce is now minie--has been fr a hininth." "What is that to me?" Tie wordi; were mntlfoed, and the voice that spoke them trembled. He drew yet a step nearer to her, and she cowered a little. Indifferent, invulnerable, superb, she had found her master, as such women always do. She kneow it and he kew it. "Simply this. We can be married now. You have come into money recently, too. That makes it easier. Before you had nothing and I had nothing. It would have been hunger espousing thirst, even had there been no other oblstacle." She laughed cynically, that trembling through all her limbs increasming every moment. "1ow magnificently, how nonchalantly you say that. You are the sort of man who does not mind living on his twie." Iit made a gesture which seemed to iraive that field of aticussion also. The taunt left hitn itimnoved. "Your mairing this fellow in two days is absurd," he sid. eall of her fte was'now in light, half in shandow. His commanding eyes plunged into hers. She made a desperate movement ito *aid him off, to protect herself from her ostW u-aknless. Blt he lhad wound his arms iabout her, and all struggle was qauenched in a wild kiss. After that she listened to whalt he had to say in motionless quiescence. His plan was bold, swift, sure as himself. HIer sedding was fixed for the following night but one. In the confusion she was to shp from the house, to meet himin the thickets a quarter of a mile down the river. lie would convey her in safety to thle nearest coast town, and oa the next day a vessel sailed which would take them to Havana. Thence they could go to England. Thie moon had passed her zenith and wn-as westering slowly lwhen Miss St. Sauveur approached once more the long open win dows of the hIouse. A tall, slighlt figure encountered hier. "You!"she looked at Claverhouse. "I thought you were gone an hour or more "I found that I had forgotten something and retuned." Ile stood ta-irling his leat carelessly in his hand. " What-was it? I hope you found it." " I did not come back in vain-no." Her hands and lips had grown cold. She leaned toward him tentatively. She had never been lavish with her careses, Claver house's kiss grazed has cheek. The chill passed from her. "Absurd! low could lhe have seen or heard ?" she said to herself, "Absurd!" "Disher's do bride I * " No, I guess hit's one of them that waits on her." The dusky faces pressed close together on the outermost fringe of the lawn were accented by wide open eyes and gaping mouths. I'or miles up and down the river it had become known that a litgo wedding was to take place at Orange Orove Sprint that night. The chocolates-coloiired E citl of humanity waited patilntly, bdt beveni to its outer limit there ptmesently cOimhini cited itself a consciolisnss, boith bf ihde fined suggestions in the aiu that sdluthtliog was amliss. The music played pifufictoril', paused, anil began anew. The white-robed bridesmaidt flitted to and fro. There was a stir, a growing murmur, in the house ?aught up by the house servants and finally percolating to that waiting crowd outside. The bride wals gone I The bride was gone and thie groom had not come. Mliss St. Sauveur lhad gone to her room early in the evening with orders that she wvas not to be disturbed. And JosephiseSt. Sauvcur was not a girl whom, even on sunch an occasion, people disobeyed. When the hour for the wedding arrived, however, andt with it the few guests bidden, hier door was knocked at and, no response forthcoming, nually broken open. Thie roomn was empty, andt on the bed lay the white dress, the white veil. In thie dismayed confusion that ensued no one at first observed that Claverhouse, too. should have come by this. But as the wild search for tlhe bride continuned without result it burst upon those assemnbled below that they were congregated together to witness aem occurrence strange indeed-a tarriage at which neither groom nor bride haIld nllpeareld. Suddenly a quivering cry rang over the lawn. A small negro boy stood, with goling eyes, tile centre of a circle that pressed ever mnore tightly around him, and sitrange words were those he liolred out stammeringly. One or two of the white people cried at ftrst that hlie Ihad seen a ghost. But the boy, his teeth chattering. insisted thlathe had not been mistalken, and, tollowing his stumbling Steps, tlhey came to a thicket down the river here, in the thecikered moonlight, there lcadnib some tlhing ghlostly-the pallor e a modtioless. tbt turned upward, and neat it i shadowy forth, the dead body of Josephlinoe St. Theru had been a doibie mtll-dter by wthoih ttiililtthd itho could shlP The tllet vittitl Whe fi~dgisc by one of the ueste d?,thit Eiuiliitit iof treat fascina tion aetil fi?t life Who ti khocking shout PlFtila for thhl Jalhti WI On a vtsel sailing for EngisiRd hit hext lay thlrd exi barked a tall, fair;, ~tllturn, lelicate-ldoking man, rather bofHit bf ldrese and gentle of voice. IIe wrotl hij anme J. Sfihith and appearcd to be travellidg without luggage. Tl~ih iiiitbites before the ship weigltd anelidr li?lokh~t of iihen rowed swiftly hrs s id b U hiit boyi h-lookin - god? nk a h J li~tkli ?Ufl8 to tili sh~i?'S leckr. Tltei i lj Ri iitgiiiitlitlersation, qd tli?rL thia i~aldi WHlt?fd ithil faced ' J. eiriIth." The lmtttdjlmAc hlh~~d~~~j~A d Ut ' Toil ai~ lodkiti if?i Jsitn it.flilthise, 4tiesletell et thi hei-diqtr of a ties tLhulllteiir tid ft-t: iithi-O-hhieless btll Li' l ib isoim ydti StIL. I hoiib it ti S , gili dash ovetbogit a ifes idlt44t out; F'tst hi , Islies wdiild blti ettee tl th.li It sidt I amdi lhii blnt he ll smil"h The manl had at handi li lilt shotldtlli;. "Thiee is no mistdht~te; I sti. 8ti Icknltbledge the deed P' Into John thaerhosi 'h mild efhs thuft :ame a fasdinating blue liglli - The man dropped ins hi?ih d T'h i.Sis It sudden plunge, an oath froth the bfilcti ii r"ish of tuaily feet overt tie deck Too hiith. Whnt Jitli Clavielblhu h ii bWt- i e it-iae leck ealah he libtl PaSbia bboit-ti tll iftih of? ?tho dt?i and jistfi tit afith± 1 D)eai said thb iltlid?. 