TJTTRTT TEAKS OP COLONIAL GOVERNMENT. Thirty fears of Colonial Government* A Selection from the Despatches and Letters of the Bight j Honourable Sir George Ferguson Bowen, . G.C.M.G. Edited by Stanley Lane-Poole. (Longman, Green, and Co. 32s.) Theee are few l)ook6 that give a greater infflght into the practical administration of •oiir colonies than "Hie selection from Sir George Bo wen's letters and despatches /grhicn.Mr. Stanley iane-Poole has edited phSer the title bf "thirty Tears of Colonial Government." During that - period Sir George IJowen -administered with marked success most of the chief dependencies of the Crown, including Queensland, New -Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong Enng. The two volumes before us "contain a" VMitahle -record of his ;work .in each of these JbolOnies, and of the problems with rwWtih he had to deal. The principle on which be uniformly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of his success, was toregard himself, on the one hand, as the specialgnftrdian oflmperialinterests, and, on-the other, to defer, to the utmost to the witiies of the colonists in Matters of purely hseMiohterii. ' .r: Itwasifl 1859 that he was appointed the first Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held an appointment ih the Ionian Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely.in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's "Handbook" ■fdr jthat ; interesting' country. Modern Greeks; he once explained to Lord PalmeV stoh, pronounce the words meaning."we," and "you " in precisely the same manner. " Ah,.they confound 'we' and 'you' do they?" said Palmers ton. "I fear that is not the only way in which, modern Greeks rnnfnnnd ' meiiin ' nnd ' tiiiim." The fol confound * me.uui and' tuum.'" The fol lowing extract Contains an interesting description of r Queensland in 1859. "I Shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shaU be comfortably lodged at night in. the houses of the principal 'squatters,' or -pastoral settlers, whose stations average' that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patri arcbial style among their immense, nocks and herds,amusing themselves with hunt ing, shooting, fishing, and the exercise of a plentiful hospitality I have often thought (especially in reading Thackeray's novel, 'The Virginians') that the Queensland gentleman-squatters hear a" similar relation to the oth&r; Australians th&tthe; Virginian planters of a hundred years back bore to the other Americans. ... \- I But'there is a perfectly distinct class of people in tiie towns. Brisbane, my present .capital, .must resemble what Boston and the' ether Puritan towns of New England were at the Close of the last century. In a popu lation df 7,000 we have fourteen Churches, thirteen public-houses,' twelve .policemen. The leading inhabitants of Brisbane are a bard-headed set of English and Scotch mdr^ignts and mechanics—very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." - • Tbe.Queensland of tiiosedays was almost entirely a pastoral eotmtry, «.pd Sir George Bowen .tells an amusing story about one of &eyffiuicipal; squatters^ , - a bscond Job. " A successful Queenslander, who became a inetnber of the House of Commons, where lie supported Iidrd Palmerst-on, was invited itf-dnepf the political receptions of Lady Waldegrave at' Strawberry"-' Hill. - >That accomplished hostess prided herself on her information abaut her gueste; and op the arrival of the gentleman referred to,*Uhe is said to have greeted him wi&,*Oh,.Mr. , I am very glad.fo fitsfe you. .riear that you have as many sheep and cattle as tbePatii arclis—that, in Bhort, you are a second Job.' Her guest replied: ' I hope, Lady Walde grtlve, you do not .meab to cdmpare »ie to Job, who, as WC learn from the Bible, had | ohly TjBOO. sheep, whereas I httyd' 300,000. i Job was a rakie.stnngy-barKet'.' It should ted'xplain^ that young settlers, on begin ningv eiieej^faniting in'tiie interior, with only ftom 5,000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot generallyajford to btnld at first houses, of wood or stone ; and are obliged for some time to content themselves with comfort table huts blade from the bark of the so called" stringy-gark" eucalyptus. Soihey were often known, to the great squatters by the sobriquet of ' stringy-barkers." In those days they played whist in. the wilds for skesp points and a bullock on the rubber. ' ' Prom Queensland Sir George was tent to New Zealand, then in the throes of the Maori troubles, which be largely succeeded - in ahsnaging daring his government. Like most of those who have dome in contact with them, Sir George whs full of appro; ciation for the. fide qualities of the Maori race. ^Tlie following story is here given at . first hand:— A Stbange Conveesion. ' Among the loyal Maori chiefs iwrated to meet the Duke-of Edinburgh Was one of I the original signers of • the Treaty of Wai tangi in 1840, and who had ever since been a firm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwards said to the Governor,' Do you know, sir, the antece dents of jfchat old heathen ?' ' No, my dear Bubcm,' was the reply, ' hut I do know tfiat fie brought five hundred of his clans men into the field to fight for the Queen, so I invited him to meet the " Queen's son."' 'Well,',continued the Bishop, 'when I first arrived in New Zealand, that chief came to : me-and said that he wished to be baptjs.ed, f knew that he had two wives, so I toid trim that he must first persuade one of them to return to her family. He said he feared : that would be difficult, but that he would tee what could be done; and come back to me in two months. When he returned, he exclaimed, 'Now missionary, you may ptise me, for I have only one wife.' I tody 'What ba.Ve you done with our dear sister, your first wife ?' He replied, smack r his lips, ' JT have eaten her " in 1873 Sir George was promoted - to Victoria,, where he remained until 1879, when Ms term expired, and he was assigned the government of Mauritius, the only vacancy at - the time. : Compared with Australia, there was qfiite an air df aijti "tuity about the old French colony in which rami and Virginia had lived and loved. Laboehdonnais' Ghost. " The Australasian Colonies are too young, for ghosts, but here we1 have a haunted chamber, where the great Labourdonnais, -tile famous French Governor of Mauritius, is believed by the French Creoles to walk nightly. We put a high civil functionary there, hut he declared that he heard strange noises, and nothing would induce him to occupy the room again. However, next week the English admiral of the station arrived with his squadron, and when we asked him if he would have the haunted chamber, the best spare room in the house, he s&id;, ' I aig afraid of no Frenchman, dead or alive'; and he neither heard nor saw a ghost during the month he spent with us. It is true that he was supported by his Flag Captain in the room on his right, and by his Flag Lieutenant in the room on his left. Then, ioo,a strange noise is often heard at night at the time of full moon, as of a carriage driving by the chateau; and some Creoles declared they had seen Labourdonnais pas sing by in his coach and six horses, with his escort and lacqueys—all skeletons in the uniform of the age of Louis XV. Bather suspecting some trick, the aides-de-camp of a former Governor sat up with their swords and a bottle of iced champagne on the table; and when they heard the strange noise approaching, they turned out the guard with loaded rifies aud fi^ed bayonets, and all sallied forth—to see a grand herd p£ wild stags from the neighbouring mourn tains tossing their antlers in the bright tropical moonlight." Ilong-Kong was the last of our depen dencies over which Sir George Bowen was called upon to preside. During the years lie spent there he took occasion to visit both China and Japan, The Altae of the Sen, "There are some grand Buddhist temples at Peking; but the most interesting object there is the famous 'Altar of Heaven,' where, for at least three thousand years, the Emperors of China, the lords of one-fourth of the human face, have once a year, offered a burnt sacriiuQe to:the. One God of ^Heaven—withntes likejhoee observed by Abraham in the -wilderness. This is the Holy of Holiee ofChina, and admission to it is a rare - honour. The last permission given, before hay visit, "was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by a walled parkas large asHyde park, and with groves of immemorial trees, beneath "Which roam the sacred Cattle reserved for the. Imperial sacri fices; and ia the middle of this park a_ collosal structure _ of "white marble, rising on-teiracesr with broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice—as the Sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow-capped mountains— offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the' One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known, in Europe that the Court religion— the Only ' established' religion (so to speak) in China—is still monotheistic, far older than any of the'idolatrous cults. A China man may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, Just as an Englishman may be a We&eyan; or a Humanist. _ Btii, aB I have said, these are riot * established' religions in the Eng lish sense" In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed tosee a good deal of Italy, where, he tells u$, Mr. Gladstone is re f arded as the chief foreign - founder of talian nationality, arid with almost the same sort pf affectionate veneration as that with which the Americans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences has been to make him an ardent supporter of Imperial. Federation. Mr. Stanley Lane Poole lias very adequately performed his task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled arid useful career in two volumes of more than usual iriterest. Literary World. 