REVIEWS. .ÏHE STORY OF THE NATIONS. GERMANT. (1) Never was history presented in a more de- lightful form than in this story of the rise, growth, federation, and unification of the Ger- man nation. We have had instances of colla- boration in fiction, in poetry, in economic science, but we do not remember better work done bj-joint authorship than in this fascinating book by Mr. S. Baring Gould and Mr. Arthur Gilman. Both aro expert litterateurs, both are catholic students of history ; Mr. Baring Gould has made Teutonio annals a special study, and to no one is the progress of the arts and letters more familiar than Mr. Gilman. There is a charm of style about the book which makes it a real story, and yet one is conscious reading, as you are carried along by tho smooth and brilliant paragraphs it is veracious history. The narrativo is as fascina- ting as that of a romance, and indeed we can conceive of no romance so intensely interesting as, say, the in- vasion of tho Huns, the revival of the Holy Doman Empire under Charlemagne, the rise and fall of the various dynasties which have ruled and dragooned Germany, the growth of the Hohenzollern power, the Napoleonic wars, and the great drama which had for its climax the unification of the Fatherland. The story of the Beformation even is told with fresh interest. Theie is in Mr. Baring Gould's history no didactic soliloquy. When opinion has to be expressed it is done moderately and with such dainty fairness as to disann criticism hy- the most partial of religionists. On which side his political sympathies are there can be no doubt, and yet they are not obtruded but stated with a reserve which eames weight. Take the closing sentences of the book as a fair sample of style. " Gemían Emperors in grasping at that vainest of shadows, tho Boman Empire, lost the opportunity of consolidating the German nation under a firm Government. It was this grasping at a vain shadow which had made the Empire so weak and Germany so incoherent that Napoleon was able to ruin it almost hopelessly. It took Germany many cen- turies to learn this truth; it did learn it in the end. It has taken it still longer to learn the truth that in Unity is Strength. But it must by no means be supposed that every problem lins been solved, and that Germany now knows tho safe road that leads to pros- perity-. It has learned one or two lessons, but it has another to learn. It has solved certain problems, but there is another to be solvod which is full of diffioultj- and menace. In order to make Germany unified and powerful, its manhood has been organised iuto an army. Every able-bodied man is a soldior. Ho has to drill and serve throe years actively with the colours. Only those who are studying for the learned professions, and are capable of passing a high standard in examina- tion, are let on with one year of active service. Now, this system unquestionably is of great advantage, not to the nation only, but ' also to the individual soldiers. All the young men receive a discipline which trans- forms louts and boobies into trim and intelli- gent men ; for the German military course is not one of drill of the body only, but a mental drill as well. Consequently, all the manhood of the country is brought to disciplino, subordi- nation, and to the sense of interdependence. But on the other baud, the cost to the country is enormous and crushing. Some of the best years of a young man's life, tho most valuable years for acquiring knowledge of a profession, aro lost to him. Moreover, the country has to be heavily taxed to feed, clothe, and equip this enormous body of recruits. Many men, rather than serve these three years, run avvaj- to America or England, and the drain in this way of able-bodied men is so serious as to perplox the authorities greatly. Now, Germany having armed all her male population, France, Austria, Bussia, Italy have had to do the same, so that the con- tinent of Europe is burdened with this terrible cost, and one nation cannot withdraw its shoulder from the burden, because it fears to be crushed by the superior force of the others. Consoquentlj-, as you seo, though the empire of Germany is a splendid power, it is also a very crushing power to the people, and though the nation has escaped from one set of difficulties, it has plunged into another. What tho rosult will bo we cannot tell, but in this world there is no great gain made in one direction without a loss in another. Still mankind is teachable, though often terribly slow to learn. Where a mistako has been made, better experience comes to insist on a redress. The groat advantage of tho study of history is that it teaches us to look at the mistakes that have been made by preceding generations, and to avoid the like in our own." The chapters contributed, wo toko it, by Mr. Gilman are no less interesting than those by his colleague. For instance, those on the Irish missionaries who carried the Gospel of Christ to pagan Germany, on tho Minnesingers, on how men began to print books, on dress and art, and on the noble German litorature. The book is profusely illustrated with maps, pictures of historic scenes, battles and sieges, and por- traits, the latter especially being of profound interest. A word must also bo said as to the excellence and beauty of the engravings. The story of Germany must prove of value to tho historic student, and it ought to find a 'place among the textbooks of the higher forms of our grammar schools. HOW MEN PBOPOSE. (2) Only a woman could have hit on the happy I idea of writing a book about the all momentous question (to her sex) of " how mon propose." And probably the majority of persons who read the title will jump to the conclusion that the author is an American woman. Only in the United States-so the general impression runs -are women so advanced and so emancipated from the subjection of old world theories regard- ing the weaker sex-that one of their number would be prompted to make a psycho- logical study of the preliminaries to marriage. Nevertheless the idea is a happy one, and it has been developed in a most attractive and entertaining fashion by Miss Agnes Stevens, of Chicago. " While from earliest times," sho writes in her preface, " the themo of love has filled a large placo in the pages of poetry and romance, yet it is chiefly writers of the moro recent school of fiction in England and Arno rica, who have found in the marriage pro- posal a fond subject for the exercise of their literary skill. The proposal, as the term is now commonly understood-a proposal of marriage with love-making accompaniment maj-, indeed, be said to be a modern invention. In France and on the Continent generally they manage these things differently ; marriage pro- posals are more formal and ceremonious affairs, often managed by the unromantio attorney, and lacking the admixture of sentiment which renders them so interesting not only to those chiefly concerned, but also to other curious mortals. Hence the literatures of those unfor- tunate peoples are lacking in this charming element." And charming element it is, as Miss Stevens^ selections prove. She has been most catholic in the choice of illustrations culling extracts from the leaders of fictions from Bichardson to Christie Murray, and from Hawthorne to Howells. Indeed the contrasts of style presented by such a variety of writers is in itself a fine literary study, and aspirant fictionlsts could not do better than foUow with the closest attention the art with which situa- tions are planned and dialogue is contrived to serve the purpose intended. Miss Stevens displays some humour in the classification of proposals-the youthful, the vicarious, the humble, the pompous, the successful, the un- successful, the resultless, and the renewed. There is surelv sufficient variety of human interest in the delineation of character under such a diversity of circumstances. It difficult to say to which sex the book should prove most attractive. To sweet seventeen and to all those ladies of a greater and more uncertain age with whom hope is not yet dead it Bhould be a subject of most delectable perusal. Instructed (1) "The Story of the Kation»: Gertnany." By 8. Baring OoulU, MJL, with the collaboration of Arthur Gilman, MA. London : T. Fisher Unwin. Brisbane: Watson, Ferguson, and Co. (2) " How Men Propose ; The faithful question and Its umt. Lore scenes from popular warka of fiction collected by Agnes Stevens." London I T. Fisher Cn win. Brisbane; Watson, Ferfuson, and Cfe in the hundred curious ways in which men in every stage of incipient insanity and love-sick idjotcy work themselves up to the grand climax, they will be armed as with triple brass, to meet, to encourage, to resent, or to embrace a proposal. On the other hand, if it be possible for a man to retain memory in the elysium of love's young dream or to reap advantage from the lessons learned in calmer moments-vvhioh the majority .never will-the study of these scenes may aid him in steering gingerly amongst the shoals and narrowB winari surround the fortress of a woman's heart, and in attaining the .bliss of a coy assent. The book is indeed a species of lover's vademécum, and as such should have a great vogue. ' It is beautifully printed and handsomely bound. CYRIL. (3) That this remarkable production should have roaohed a third edition is evidence of its popu- larity. Yet the popularity must be rather with the classes than tho masses. For the ordinary reader the book is ponderous, over- loaded, wearisome. It extends to pp. 790 ; it deals with an endless variety of scenes, and subjects, hopping about amongst them in the most bewildering manner; it has little plot, and contrives grievously to obscure the little that it has. Without table of contents, without headings to chapters or to pages, it traverses Britain, Spain, Italy, Austria, Russin, aud in each takes up every topic under the sun. De omnibui rebus, et quibusdàni ali is should have been its title. (Why Cyril should be chosen for title any more tuan Evelyn or Viera or a host of others is a mystery.) Of Nihilism, Pan slavism, Pan-Latin, and Pan-Teutonic con- federations; of the Triple,Allianco and Dutoh art in the Netherlands ; of wars in America, India, Crimea; of the consecration of nuns, the insurance of sailors, the education of women ; of hunting, shooting, rowing, cricket, tennis ; of schools and universities ; of law and lawyers, and literature and novelists ; of witchcraft and family ghosts; of dogs and horseB; of charity and religion, morphiana, and social morality ; of female suffrage, church comprehension, papal progress, and tho land laws ; of manual labour, and pugilism, and tho Soudan expedition I" Hurrah for Australia 1 Hurrah for Dalley!); above all, so far Bpeoial topics are conoorned, of Gordon and Gladstone (" the hero ns foil to the humbug.") - these aro some of tho thou- sand and one questions on which our author dilates through his characters or in jiropria persona, and on which he indulges in not a little spreadeaglelsm. He calls himself or his hero (Evelyn, not Cyril) a Liberal, but he bates the Liberal leaders with a perfect hatred, and goes in for ancient types of school and college, for Queen and country as they aro, and church as it ought to be, with an altogether refreshing vohemencc. Evelyn and Cyril aro almost impossible youths, knowing next to everything before they aro out of their teens, speaking half-a-dozen languages, and ultimata in any country with everybody who is anybody. Their principal achievements are with a Russian family at Trieste, whose function nevertheless in advanolng the main purpose of the book (which may be described as tho pro- motion of England's traditional greatness) it is difficult to decide. Finally Cyril dios, and Bolemnly hequeathes to IIÍB elder brothor the regoneration of his country; and tho book winda up with a politioal manifesto. Yet through all there is no question of the author's knowledge and literary power. Eaoh separate topic Is treated clevorly, if not always soundly ; the delineations of oharacter aro striking, and the dialogues sparkling. There is enough here to furnish a score of novels of the ordinary Btamp, and that probably is the use to which M. Drage will be put. His book will be road by specialists and professionals. For the oi itollot, to whom after nil the novelist must look, he would have accomplished more bad he attempted less. THE BEPEOACH OF ANNESLEY. (4) The author of tho "Silence of Dean Maitland" has already made a nicho for himBclf in the world of fiction. His strength doos not lie in plot, though"plot Is not wanting, and is fre- quently presented in the most dramatio fashion ; nor does it lie along the other lines with which many novelists fill up their books, and which to -the impatient reader aro often padding, such as word painting, or moralising, though he can do both well. His foite is the analysis of human oharacter and conduct. Few men possess his insight into motives, and can so delicately distinguish and prosent their ever varying shades and combinations. His novels remind us again of what tho crltio as well as the omnivorous reador is in danger of forgetting, that tho proper study of mankind ia-not nature In general, or science, or even morals, valuable as these may be in their place -but man. Tho only or chief fault to be found with the " Reproach of Annesley" is that the point of central Interest in the book, tho event wbioh makes the ".reproach," Is unduly de- ferred. We are of course being led up to it in previous chapters, but too long a time elapses before the ordinary "plot" interest (which after all is indispensable) is aroused, or the title of the hook understood. Putting this aside, the book presents us with an intensely realistic delineation of character; and it is nono the less attractive that the hero, Instead of proving the base man that Dean Maitland did, coraos out of the, orucible with heightened nobleness. To the lovers of plot we may just hint that the story contains a disappearance which is supposed to be a murder, and which was at least an attempt to murder, though notbythe suspected party ; that the history, hidden under this disap- pearance, is of the most marvellous kind ; and that with true art the writer leaves tho reader under the spell of the mystery till near the close of the book. The denouement ¡a not so easily guessed tis it often is, and even in some of Maxwell Gray's previous writings. Con- siderable interest ia added to tho narrative by tho Use made of " tho family curse," and of the provincial dialeot. I) "Cyril," a romantic novel by Geoffroy Drage. London: AV. H.', Allen & Co. Brisbane i Gordon & Gotch. (i) " The Reproach of Annesley," a Kore!, by Max- well Gray. London: Kegan Paul, Trench, and Co. Brisbane : Qeorg* Robertson and Co. What literary man was it who Bald that all his best work was done in the railway train ? Mr. J. A. Symonds, in the page of his auto- biography in this month's Fortnightly, carries the theory of the inspiration of travel even further. He says:-"It has been ray constant habit for many yearB to do a considerable amount of hard study while travelling. It would be difficult to say how many heavy German and Italian books on history, biography, and criticism, how many volumes of Greek poets, and what a library of French and English authors have been slowly perused by me in railway stations, trains, steamers, way Bide inns, and Alpine chalets. I enjoy nothing more than to sit in a bar-room among peasants, carters, and postilions, smoking, with a glass of wine beside me, and a stiff work on one of the subjects I am bound to get up." What a cunous contrast Mr. Symonds, " enjoying nothing more" than the bustle of a bar-room, presents to Carlyle, who required a noise-proof study 1 It is almost a pity that the rising generation is not inured to noise as Its pre- decessors were. At AYinohester, for Instance, a generation ago, all the lessons were conducted at the same time in a single schoolroom ; and I remember hearing Lord Selborne say that he attributed his power of mental concentration largely to the discipline of the scbool-babel at Winchester. The nerves of the present gene- ration could never Btand such noise. Pathans, as may be supposed, are not familiar with the theodolite and flag of the sur- veyor. But at Kilah Abdulla, beyond Quetta, the Madras Governor's party found that a fron- tier surveyor busily at work was the victim of a terrible suspicion. The Pathans, he said, believed that the theodolite was a kind of photographic camera, and, like the camera, it took pictures upside down. More than this, I they think a person using the theodolite can see through the walls of houses, with the ap- palling result that the ladies of their families are photographed by the infidel standing on their heads. It is not surprising, therefore, to hear that the surveyor is highly unpopular, and is apt to be shot at» 