MA3M&SUKE; CARRU- THERS' LATEST ENTER- PRISE. [From Truth.] (Continued.) This ohlralroos reflection seamed at once to restore bit cuasnlmlty and to strengthen the molw he had apparently formed ia his mind. H* pat op the letter after miking a note in his pocket-book of * pencilled address whioh was written on the back of it, and than prooeeded with a mocking smile to ooUoji, together and stow away about hii person a number of Bank-notes, whioh represented hia recent winning* at oarda and the ferewelloSerlnge of benevolent friends. They amounted altogether to a very considerable •Bin—almost enough, he meditated with biturners, to have renuoitated hit fallen fortunes bad be been in enjoyment of his old >sd energy—quite sufficient, he evidently thought, to purchase forgiveness from his wronged wife. "My modem Danae shall be approached in a «oower of gold," he murmured quite cheerfully. " She will be glad enough to see me when she learns I have not come emptyhanded. Besides, doty should ooont for something with her, unless she Is more of . a hypoorite than I give her credit for." JViso chis equivocal tribute to his wife's tetter nature, on whioh be relied far less than on the potent influence of his bundle of Bank-notes, Marmadulte Garrotters oeaied to specaUte about the issue of his pity aoted enterprise, and aet about making preparations for a journey. He consulted a Bradshaw, paoke&afew; necessaries in a email handbag, destroyed a number of papers, and oaieioUy looked the drawer! of his eaoritoire and of his wardrobe, as-though he meditated the possibility of a prolonged absence. His occupation rendered him painfully conscious that he was far too unwell to travel, for ere he atarted he was oompletely overcome by bis mild exertion. Bat bis strength of parpose triumphed over his physical weakness, and a few bonrs later he alighted on the platform of a remote Berkshire .Railway Station, and enquired for the address of a Mrs. Walters. The information was easily forthcoming, for 8helborne was only a small village, and Mrs. Walters occupied the position of mistress of the local National School. The bueolic porter who replied to his questions staled at him in a manner whioh denoted deep concern at the aspeot of the stranger, who dragged bis limbs so pun fully after him, end looked like a man in the last etage of liakness. Mannaduke Cirruthera noted with an inraiid'a .sensitiveness the porter's clumsy sympathy aad resented it. For this reason he sharply declined the suggestion of a fly, and declared be would walk to his destination, • Fortunately he had not far to go, for the ivy-grown bufry of the little sohoolhouae waa within tight from the station. Laborious aa he found the effort of walking even this <short. diatanoe, Carruthera almost wished it -longer, for be felt strangely unequal to the ordeal whioh he thought was in store for him. He had atarted with the fierce determination of overcoming his wife's repugnance to his plans by sheer foroe of will and by appealing to her self'interest., He intended to persuade her to receive him back again, to be his nurse and attendant, to minister to tas comforts, and to soothe the tedium of his monotonous invalid life.' fis autioipated that his wife would .demure to hit request; would even be indignant at first at the suggestion of peenniary reward. The thought of her high spirit and' well- founded contempt for him rendered him furious with inward tage, for his miserably weak and enfeebled condition made him, at this (supreme moment, mistrust his fir—"^. attd anticipate the possibility of ignominious failure. Whee he at length reaohed the cottage which had been pointed out to him as hia wife'a residence, he was .struck by the air of peace and stillness which pervaded it. No sound of children's voices came from the open windows of the adjoining sohoolhouae ; It waa, in fact, holiday time, and the school wu dismissed. The villagers were busy haymaking, and the highway was deserted. The beea and the butterflies had undisturbed possession of the little patoh of garden ground, and ranged at will over the fragrant bushes and flowering shrubs whioh bordered the narrow, tiled pathway leading to the schoolmistress's door. As Uarruthers walked along it, hiieohoing footsteps aroused no attention, sod finding his knook unheeded, he tried the door him^i which yielded to his touch. He iifossod the threshhold and entered with one ctepiinto a trim little sitting-room, with cool white eurtains and drawn olinda. As soon aa hls aun-dazsled eyes could penetrate the pleasant gloom, he perceived tbe apartment was empty, and simultaneously he was seized with a sudden fa intn ess. With outstrietohed bands he staggered to the table, and from thenoe guided himself to a ohair. oh which he -sank breathless aud to the last degree exhausted. Then it was that a curious thing happened to him. It seemed to him that he fainted ; passed away painlessly in a swoon from this life into the world of by-gone days. For when he looked np again there etoed before him the vision of a child playmate—tbe little sister who had died long years ago, the embodiment«f the one pure joy and sorrow of Ms oMthly experience. She stood there as he bad kaownand always remembered her— a fair ohitd of six or seven years of age, with large, wondering eyes of bluUh-grey, and lougourling hair, the oolour of ripening corn. Carruthera sat and stared in silent bewilderment, less overcome by awe or amazement than by a strange chastened feeling whioh stele over his heart as he waited in breathless interest for what might happen. Presently the fchild spoke in a clear, muaioal voice, which caused him a fresh thrill " Who are you? What do you want ?" She question dispelled his mystic mood, end brought him abruptly back to the con: sciousness of his . immediate surroundings. But be was scarcely les? moved when he noticed that the child, in speaking, made tome tnfling gesture whioh reminded him of bis wife, for be then realized that his poetic faaoy bad not been wholly srouadless. The little girl was his. own offspring, aud he reco'leoted at the same moment that the scornfully rejected Bank-note had been his tardy offering to tbe deserted mother when be 'e«rnt the sews of the infant's birth. For the first time Carruthera was stunned toy Shame and remorse at bis own brutal hsartlsssness. The beauty of the.child, and her.strange resemblanoe to a beloved sister, aUnosa op bis stagnant conscience. All these years he bad never troubled to enquire whether bis child had lived or died. T$> be aura, the poor mother bad carefully kept out of sight, but this did nut now seem to him to exmse his want of humanity. It was with humility whioh was bitterly sincere that he at length ventured to beckon theohild—his own bfaild—to bis side; and when the little girl advanoed shyly, but without hesitation, aad planed her. obubby hand in his, he experienced a ohoking sensation of grateful joy. V Whai ia your name he murmured, huskily. " Ethel," lisped the ohild, looking up, wottderinglv. .".Ethel I" •Oarrathers repeated the name with a start; aad again for a brief instant he fell under ith® spell el his former facer. For Klhel had been the name of his dead sisUrl Then he remembered that in the early days at his ill-Starred marriage he bad tola hisyoutag wife that if they ever had a girl ehOd Jne should like her to be so named. Strange, hetfaoueht, that even alter he bad left her, his wife should have recalled to mind his wish. Carruthera hung his head, and said in-a softened voice— "I oame to see your mother. Where is she?" I To be continued.) Messrs, UnromsoHK & Co. are now pro duoing some exquisite photographs, showing the rapid advancement mads in High Art Photography of late. The Studios of this firm In the Arcade an fitted in a most luxurious style, possessing all the advantages of the latest soiwitifio instruments, together with appropriate aooassoriec. The staff of artists engaged Is selected from Europe and America, whe pay spsoisl attention to the lighting and posing of figure combined with ait'st'.o modelling of features by skilled ft touchers, enabling thsm to supply the Elite oi South Australia with Photographs in the h ghost style of art. In order to introduoe ti eee elegant pictures the prioe for three mi ntha vrtll be the earns as those oharged In A r elafde for ordinary photographs. 360thso 