A PIT-BROW LASSIE. By JOHN MONK FOSTER. Author of 'A Poor Man's Tragedy.' 'The Moss Pit Mystery,' 'For Love and Gold.' [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.--Kate Visits the Mine. It was Saturday evening again, and once more Luke Standish and his sweet- heart were strolling together in the fields behind Bannister's Row. Just a week had elapsed since their last walk, and their conversation naturally turned to the subject they had then discussed, although neither of them had anything new to advance on the matter. "I suppose, Kate," Luke remarked, "that you are still determined to visit the old workings of the King Pit?" "Yes," she answered, "as soon as you can contrive to take me there." "Then you can go to-night." "To-night," she echoed, hardly prepared for such an immediate response to her wishes. "Yes, between eight and nine o'clock. It will be quite dark by that time, and no one will be down the pit beside us." "Will any one see as go down?" "There will only be the man at the engine, and he cannot see who gets into the cage or out of it." "Won't he think it strange if you go down to-night?" she asked. "Not at all, for he knows I have to go down. Some of the colliers' places are full of firedamp, and whilst speaking to Mr. Latham this afternoon I offered to go down to-night about eight or nine to see that it was not becoming dangerous." "You did it because you remembered my wish, I suppose." "Partly on that account, I must admit, though I didn't tell the manager so." "Then I'll go with you," she exclaimed. "How long shall we be down, do you think?" "If we descend about eight o'clock we may get back again by ten." "You will change your clothes?" "Certainly, and you also. If you ap- peared on the pit brow in that white dress anyone might see you a mile off, and it's quite certain the engine-tenter wonld do so." About an hour and a half later the lovers stood on the brow of the King Pit ready to descend. Around them lay the colliery yard, still, dark, and deserted, for they and the engineman were the only beings about the place. The old night- watchman was comfortably seated beside a pot of ale in the nearest tavern, and so was not likely to notice who descended or ascended the pit that night. Luke was standing between the mouth of the shaft and the engine-house, whilst Kate stood behind one of the spars of the headgear, quite in the shadow and utterly beyond the reach of the engine-tenter's eyes. Presently the cage rose slowly to the surface and stopped. Then Luke got in, Kate slipped in also on the other side, and he gave the word to descend. Kate did not cry out when she felt her- self being dropped at a swift rate down that dark vertical tunnel. She had been down a coalpit before, and therefore was quite cool. Seizing the crossbar in the middle of the cage she steadied herself during the descent, and won a word of approval from her lover on account of her courage. Luke had a lamp in his hand, another in his pocket, and when the pit bottom was reached he handed the latter to Kate. Then, after a few minutes' rest, they made their way towards the places which, as the fireman had stated, were filled with firedamp. When the colliers' places were reached Luke found that no appreciable change had taken place. Owing to a fall in an air-road close by a dangerous quantity of the fiery gas had accumulated, but it was safe so long as no one went near it with a defective lamp. With the greatest in- terest Kate watched her lover test the firedamp in the usual way. Telling Kate to put her lamp on the floor for a moment Luke pulled down the flame of his own until it became a faint blue speck. Then he raised it slowly toward the roof, and presently the girl saw that the lamp gauze was filled with a luminous pale- blue vapor. Next he lowered the lamp again from out of the gas, which rested in a layer along the roof. "Is there much, Luke?" Kate asked breathlessly as they turned away. "Enough," he answered, "to kill a thousand men if they were down the pit when it went off." She shuddered just a little at this, but said nothing, and Luke now took a path that would lead them into the old work- ings on the north side of the pit. At a good pace they trudged on, Luke Standish leading and telling Kate to speak when she felt tired, so that they could rest. On and on they sped, never abating their speed, and in half an hour they were amid the old galleries. The girl was too excited now to feel the least fatigued, and again and again refused to rest when he asked if she were tired. They were now at the bottom of the old road and the next moment ascended it to- gether. Five minutes more and the fall was reached. Kate seated herself on the side of the road and wiped her heated face, whilst Luke, taking a seat on the stone he had previously used for that pur- pose, said--- "This is the place, dear, where I saw your father. I was sitting on this very stone, and I saw him go right into those stones"--pointing to the fallen roof--- "and disappear among them." "Where did you pick up the box?" she asked calmly, though he could see that her face was unusually pale and reso- lute-looking. "Just there, beside your feet. What is it, Kate?" He saw her jerk her head round and look right down the road, but after that brief ejaculation he could not utter another word--he could only watch Kate, who seemed to have become quite uncon- scious of his presence. Fixedly the girl stared down the road for a few moments, and then her head turned back towards Luke as if her eyes were following something he could not see. But he noticed that her eyes were distended and filled with a weird, un- natural expression, that her mouth was closed firmly, her nostrils dilated, and that her gaze was now fixed on the fall behind him, as if she were spell-bound--- fascinated. The next moment he saw her sink prostrate and senseless to the floor, a deep sob of agony bursting from her lips. Chapter XVI.--Beyond the Fallen Roof. When Luke Standish saw his sweet- heart swoon away and fall prostrate on the road he broke the spell that had hitherto kept him dumb and motionless and sprang to her aid. Taking Kate in his arms he waited impatiently for her recovery, for in their present circumstances he could do scarcely anything toward quickening her resusci- tation. Taking her hands in his own he felt that they were icy cold, so he began to chafe them as well as his awkward position enabled him. In a few minutes the girl began to struggle in her lover's arms, and presently her eyes opened, and she glanced, around in a dazed, wondering kind of manner, exclaiming--- "Where am I, Luke? What place is this? What has happened?" "Don't agitate yourself, darling," he replied. "You will be all right again in a minute." He hereupon ventured to press his hot lips against her pale cheek, adding, "You fainted, you know." His words brought back to Kate in a rush the recollection of the cause of her unconsciousness, and clinging more closely to her sweetheart she cried brokenly--- "I saw him, Luke! I saw him! You most have seen him too!" "Who?" he asked. "My father. He came right up the road, went past me and you, and then seemed to melt away into the fall there. You must have seen him." "I saw nothing, dear. But I saw that your eyes were fixed on something I could not see." "Did yon hear anything?" "No." "But he spoke to me twice. First when he went past me, and again just be- fore he disappeared amid those stones. He mentioned my name each time. It is very strange that you neither heard nor saw him." "I saw and heard nothing," Luke res- ponded. "You must have fancied those things. I am satisfied now that I was dreaming as you have just been doing. We have both been the victims of a heated imagination." She shook her head decisively. "No," she cried, "it ss not imagina- tion. In your ease it may have been; in mine it is quite impossible. It was as real as such things can be. I was fully awake and remember everything. I was sitting there, you on that stone, when something caused me to look down the road, and there I saw my father coming slowly towards me. At first I thought he was going to stop, but he only looked at me, whispered my name, and went on past you and towards the fallen roof." "How was he dressed?" Luke asked. "He had on an old-fashioned cloth cap, wide at the top, a blue flannel shirt torn at the elbows, and cord breeches patched at the knees." "Just as I sketched him!" Luke ejaculated. "Yes, just as you sketched him, and as he appears in the photograph at home." "It is very mysterious," Luke mut- tered, adding, as Kate rose to her feet, "shall we go now?" "Yes, let us go," she responded, taking a long last look at the heap of fallen roof. "But the mystery of it all seems clearer now to me." "Clearer?" he replied, as they went down the road together. "What do you mean, Kate?" "I mean," she said, "that I perceive a meaning in all that you and I have seen. I believe now that my father never ran away from my mother at all; that he went neither to America nor Australia; that he never even left Ashford." "What became of him then?" "I believe," she replied slowly, solemnly, "that what is left of him lies up this road under that heap of roof. He must have got lost in the old workings, as you and the others did; but he was not so fortunate as you were." "Just what I had somehow began to fancy might have happened," Luke made answer. "It ss not a fancy with me," Kate murmured. "It is a conviction. My father left home that morning, seventeen years ago, in the very clothes in which we have both seen him, and never being seen again, of course my mother came to think that he had gone away. I shall never rest satisfied until that roof is cleared away." "But how is that to be managed?" Luke asked doubtfully. "I don't know, but it must be done," she cried, "even if I have to come down by stealth and do it myself." "It will take a man a week to do it, Kate." "No matter, it shall be done. I shall go to the manager and tell him all, and he will perhaps have the dirt cleared up." "Perhaps he may. Anyhow we can see what he thinks about it." "What time will be the best to see Mr. Latham?" "To-morrow afternoon, I think. He is a very nice man, and will certainly listen to what we have to say, though, of course, we can hardly expect him to believe it as we do." "And my mother?" "Had better know nothing just yet. If the manager consents to have the fall cleared up we can tell her then." And so it was agreed. On the following afternoon Luke and Kate repaired to the residence of Mr. Latham, the manager, which lay only a few minutes' walk from the King Pit, and on presenting themselves were at once received by that gentleman in his parlor. Mr. Latham was a man of 50, or there- abouts, and had been connected with the collieries he at present managed for over 30 years. He had begun his working life there at 15 as a mining student, and had gradually worked himself up to his pre- sent position, filling in turns the appoint- ments of fireman, underlooker, mine sur- veyor, under manager, and, finally, the honorable and lucrative post of general manager. He was greatly respected by his work- men on account of his genial nature and love of fair dealing, and, although he had the reputation of being very sceptical on matters of religion, no man in Ashford had a larger or warmer circle of friends. For the rest he had a fine gentlemanly appearance, and spoke with a slight nasal twang that reminded one of America, and gave to his utterances a humorous flavor. Mr. Latham seemed puzzled a little as his eyes rested on his visitors. A visit from either of them alone would not have caused him much wonder, for he had always evinced a kindly interest in the young fireman, and had often spoken to Kate since the afternoon she fell from the shute. In fact, it was owing entirely to him that the handsome pit-brow girl was permanently appointed to the place of number-caller. As briefly and as clearly as possible Luke related the whole story of his singu- lar experience whilst lost in the mine and that of Kate's on the previous night. Mr. Latham listened incredulously to his fire- man's account of the spectral apparition and his sketch of it that had been identi- fied by Kate, together with the finding of the tobacco-box bearing Jonathan Leigh's name and its recognition by Mrs. Leigh. "This is the most singular thing that ever came under my observation," said Mr. Latham gravely as he examined both the rude sketch Luke had made and the photographic view of the Red Lion. "It appears incredible, but, of course, I cannot discredit your word so far as believing you saw it goes. Yet it must have been an hallucination or mental illusion, for no one believes in ghosts nowadays. That is the only rational explanation of the matter that presents itself to my mind, and I think it the only reasonable one that can be given." Kate shook her pretty head de- cisively, while Luke was rather in- clined to accept the manager's view. It appeared more probable to suppose that he and his sweetheart had been subject to the same hallucination than to believe that they had received a supernatural visitation. But the mystery of it all was not lessened in any way by taking this aspect of the matter. "Then what is your idea of the matter, Miss Leigh?" the manager asked. "I believe," said Kate firmly, "that it was my father himself that I saw; that he never left Ashford at all, but was lost in the mine somehow, like Luke and the others, and that he lies beneath the fall of roof." Mr. Latham was quite familiar with the story of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance; had even a distinct recollection of the miner himself, and the girl's emphatic utterance had evidently made some im- pression upon him, for he asked, after a little pause--- "And what do you wish me to do? Have the fallen roof cleared up, and thus either prove or disprove your sus- picious?" "Yes," Kate responded quickly in grateful tones, "that is what I wish to be done. I feel certain that my father's remains will be found under the roof." "Well, we shall see," the manager answered; then turning to Luke he added-- "How long will it take to clear up this fall?" "A couple of men will be able to do it in two or three shifts I think." "Then if you have any men to spare to-night set them on to clear away the fall. You need not give the reason for its being done. Lead the men to think that the dirt is being removed in order that the old workings beyond may be examined; and then, in case Miss Leigh's suspicions prove to be unfounded, and nothing is found, there will be no talk about the matter." The lovers thanked Mr. Latham for his kindness and withdrew. They had a short walk together to chat over the result of their interview with the manager, and ere they parted they decided that Mrs. Leigh should be taken into their confidence. Both Luke and Kate felt that the clearing away of the fallen roof would disclose something, and the narration of their ex- periences to Mrs. Leigh would prepare her for anything that might come to light. So Kate went homeward to relate to her mother the various chapters of the mys- terious story, the closing part of which yet remained to be told; and it need not be recorded that Mrs. Leigh was greatly disturbed on hearing the strange things her daughter related. When night came Luke Standish went to work, and acting upon the power Mr. Latham had given him he selected two of the miners to commence the work of clearing up the fall. The men chosen were Joe Thomson and Harry Edwards, two of the three who had been lost with him in the mine, and as soon as he had given the rest of the night shift men their orders he accompanied old Joe and Harry to the old road. "Wot are they cleenin' this heer fa' up for, Luke?" one of the men asked as they stripped themselves for work. Luke had expected some such question, and bearing in mind the manager's sug- gestion he at once replied--- "Ah think it's being cleared up so that the old workings further on can be examined. We want to know if there's anny gas in 'em." This statement satisfied the miners, and after a few minutes' chat with them Luke went away, promising to return that way in the morning in order to lead them out of the labyrinth. It was between four and five o'clock a.m. when the fireman returned to Joe Thomson and Harry Edwards, and he found that they had cleared away a con- siderable portion of the fallen roof. Won- dering if they had either seen or found anything during the night, Luke exclaimed banteringly--- "Well, Joe, what han yo' fo'nd? Some goold amang t' dirt; or haply yo'n seen a ghost or two?" "We han seen nowt, nor fo'nd nowt, o'ny a road o'er t' fa', Luke." About half the dirt had been cleared away, and sufficient had been removed to enable one to scramble over the top into the road beyond. Luke saw this, and climbing up the dirt-heap, he slid down the other side, never dreaming of the startling discovery he was about to make. On reaching the other side of the fallen roof Luke took a step or two along the low road, glancing casually about, and sud- denly his attention was drawn to some- thing lying against the side of the road. He hastily stepped forward, bent low to examine the thing he saw, and then a hoarse cry of terror left his lips and he dropped on his knees like one who was paralysed. Was he dreaming or mad? There before him lay the semblance of his sketch \--the figure of Kate Leigh's father--- beard, face, clothes--everything--just as he had before seen him. But Luke was soon convinced that what he saw was no illusion due to either mad- ness or slumber. His cry of terror had startled Thomson and Edwards, and hur- riedly scrambling over the roof-heap they ran to his side, to be appalled also by the sight of that which had so terrified Luke. In a little time when the three men re- covered their voices the younger man, Harry Edwards, asked in an awed whisper-- "Who is he, Luke?" The fireman remained silent, but Joe Thomson spoke, and his words set at rest for ever all Luke's doubts regarding the identity of that silent, terrible form lying there before them. "It's Jonathan Leigh," Joe cried. "Bur heaw has he getten heer! Ah thowt he went to Mericy teens o' heeurs sin'!" "Yes," Luke responded in a strange undertone, as if he were afraid to waken the sleeping figure, "it's Jonathan Leigh, Kate Leigh's father. You knew him, Joe?" "Ah did, Luke; ah knowed him weel." Even as the men spoke the object of their speech seemed to be vanishing away. It was the merest shell, scarcely more tangible to the touch than a shadow--- preserved so long only by having been excluded from the air; and now, with the fresh atmosphere playing upon it, it began to lose each moment distinctness of outline, and before they left the spot that which at first to them appeared a sleeping man had become an undistinguishable heap of dry bones and mouldering rags. In one of the adjoining roads a piece of brattice--a kind of rough canvas used in mines for ventilating purposes --was found, and in this the last remains of Jonathan Leigh were carefully gathered and carried to the pit bottom. An hour afterwards the news of the extraordinary discovery was being discussed in every corner of the mine, and by noonday the news was all over Ashford. Along with the bones of the dead man had been brought from the mine such articles of his attire as had withstood the wear and tear of time. These articles were as follows:--An old cloth cap, with leathern "neb," or peak; a pair of clogs, such as miners wear in Lancashire; a few shreds of clothing; and, finally, a broad belt of leather, in no way damaged by either its long imprisonment or ghastly work of girding a dead man's waist. These things were carefully guarded by Luke, and on ascending the shaft he placed them in Kate's possession, after telling her of the discovery. The intelligence upset the girl very much, and, at Mr. Latham's suggestion--the manager happened to be on the brow when the fireman came up the pit--she had a holiday. There is no occasion to dwell upon what followed. Mrs. Leigh, when the inquest was held a few days later, identi- fied the cap, clogs, and belt as articles which her husband used to wear; and Joe Thomson testified to having recog- nised the remains as those of Jonathan Leigh before the air shattered the dead shell to dust. Of course there was not the slightest evidence forthcoming as to how the de- ceased came by his fate. It was generally supposed that he had got lost in the old workings, and that the fall of roof had imprisoned him, leaving him to die an awful lingering death. The verdict was one of death by misadventure. At the enquiry nothing was said by either Kate or Luke of their spectral visi- tations, nor was the finding of the to- bacco box bearing the dead man's name mentioned. Any allusion to those matters might have aroused a curiosity which those concerned thought it better not to awaken. And so the inquest passed away with- out any one suspecting the extraordinary manner in which the unfortunate Jona- than Leigh came to be discovered, and in due course his remains were interred in the Ashford Cemetery. The sad event brought to both Mrs. Leigh and her daughter not only the sorrow that might have been expected, but also a feeling of sad satisfaction. It was more pleasant for them to know that Jonathan Leigh had been the victim of misfortune than to think, as they used to do, that he was false to his manhood and his marriage vows, and a renegade to his wife and child. A day or two after the discovery behind the fall Luke Standish revisited the place, and whilst examining the old workings lying beyond he found an old Davy lamp which had evidently belonged to his sweetheart's father. He had occasion to visit the spot frequently during the time he acted as night fireman at the King Pit, but never again did he see anything of a spectral character. Chapter XVII.--The First Breath of Suspicion. A fortnight had slipped away since that discovery in the King Pit workings which had set all the little town agog with wonder, and Arthur Willesden was care- fully maturing his diabolical plans against Luke Standish. During the past two weeks the heartless schemer and Moll Sheargold had met again on the canal bank and he had advised her how to set about the task she had under- taken. Her first business was, he told her, to drop here and there among her intimate friends a hint as to her own con- dition and the man who was to be held responsible for her fall. This Moll did in a masterly way; and those who thus gleaned the faintest inti- mation of her position never thought she was throwing the blackest of all suspicions upon an innocent man. They believed her because it seemed only the concluding portion of a tale of which she had told them the earlier part long ago. As Arthur Willesden had shrewdly guessed, Moll Sheargold's love for the fireman was well known to her workmates, whom she had all along led to believe that her affection was returned and that she and Luke had often been out together. This was a positive untruth, but only Moll and Luke were aware of it. The other pit-brow girls had seen Moll and Luke chatting together frequently about the colliery, prior to Kate Leigh's ap- pearance on the scene, and were naturally inclined to think that what Moll told them was true. And so the dark work went on, unsus- pected by Luke Standish, who never dreamt of the storm that was being pre- pared for his special behoof. Nay, he even lent himself innocently to the furtherance of his unknown enemies' plans. Acting upon a hint from Willesden Moll Sheargold waylaid Luke upon the pit-bank, somewhere in Kate Leigh's sight as often as possible, and kept him chatting as long as she could; and this little trick gave great force and considerable coloring to the insinuations the girl had judiciously scattered. It was no especial pleasure to the young fireman to have the dark handsome pit- brow girl stopping him and putting all sorts of questions to him, still there was nothing very unpleasant about it, even when Kate happened to be within sight. His trust in his sweetheart's good sense was only equalled by his great love of her, and he knew that she feared no rivalry now. Another week passed and the passing of each day added new growth to the scheme which Arthur Willesden was so carefully maturing. Slowly Moll Sheargold widened the circle of those to whom her secret was confided, and the matter was now known, in confidence of course, by almost every woman and girl who worked about the collieries. As yet not the slightest whisper of all this had reached Kate Leigh's ears nor those of her lover. Luke had completely failed to understand a faint jocular allusion of one of his pitmates. They would be the very last of all to hear of it openly, for indelicate of speech as many of the miners and brow-girls were they yet refrained from speaking of the subject before Kate and Luke. Whilst Moll Sheargold was thus care- fully laying the foundations of the case which at the proper season she intended to launch against the man she loved out of hatred of Kate Leigh, the man whose tool she had become was so conducting himself that when the storm came no one would sus- pect him of having had a hand in its brew- ing. He had never ceased to pay Kate the utmost deference both in word and manner, and although it was impossible to hide his deep admiration from her, a thing he never attempted, he did not cause her the least embarrassment by try- ing to force his attentions upon her. And his invariable courtesy and kindliness so far won upon the girl as to make her re- spect Willesden very much. This satisfied Arthur for the present. When the right moment came he would give voice to all his aspirations readily enough, but the time was not yet. Mean- while he pursued his scheme of diverting all suspicion from himself, and his first step in that direction was to make himself known to Luke Standish and compel the young pitman to believe that he was really a friend. This was not a difficult task. Kate in- troduced her lover to Willesden, and in a little while the latter had quite overcome all Luke's prejudice by his glibe tongue and frank ways. After that first chat with Arthur the pitman was forced to admit to himself that his new friend was not a bad fellow after all, and Willesden did not permit this favorable impression to die for want of nourishment. Having learned that Standish was a mining student, and considerably ham- pered in his studies on account of his slender means, Willesden contrived to give the young fireman an agreeable sur- prise by purchasing and presenting to him a couple of fine works on mining. Luke accepted Willesden's little gift, utterly disarmed and completely won by his new friend's generosity and charming ways. After this they became very friendly, the simple pitman never dream- ing that he was taking a snake to his breast. About this time an incident occurred which gave to Kate considerable uneasi- ness at the moment, and afterwards became a piece of conclusive evidence against Luke when Moll Sheargold's case was launched forth upon him. It was Saturday night, between nine and ten o'clock, and Arthur Willesden and Kate Leigh were making their way past the King Pit in the direction of Bannister's Row. They had been to a school concert, to which Luke was also to have gone, but when the time came he said he had to go to work that night. It was a beautiful night in the late autumn. The gleaming stars were out in their countless hosts, a full moon rode high as the sun at noonday, and neighbor- ing objects and the adjacent country stood out almost as clearly as in the day- light. Arthur and Kate were walking in the shadow of the waggons, chatting, when in the road, which ran at right angles to the waggon road, thirty or forty paces ahead of them, a couple of figures appeared, walking slowly and talking earnestly. The figures were those of a man and a woman, and as they passed across the waggon road the moonlight falling full upon them revealed their identity to Kate Leigh, who, with her companion, re- mained unseen. A cry of surprise almost burst from the girl's lips as she recognised Luke Standish and Moll Sheargold. A wave of irrepressible indignation passed over Kate, but she mastered her- self sufficiently to restrain herself from giving utterance to it. Arthur Willesden had evidently not noticed her agitation or its cause, for he continued the conversa- tion, and neither by word nor look showed that he had recognised the people who had just crossed their path. Kate was pleased to think her com- panion was ignorant of what she had just seen and felt. It was humiliating to know that her lover and Moll Sheargold were at that very moment together, but it would have been more humiliating still for others to know it also. What was Luke doing with such a girl at that time, and in such a place? This was a question that Kate could not avoid putting to herself, but she could not frame any answer thereto to satisfy her. Luke had told her that he would be working that night, and it was only at his request that she had consented to go to the concert in company with Arthur Willesden, greatly deploring that her lover could not go also. And now instead of being at work there he was with a girl who had scarcely even a decent reputation. What did it mean? Had Luke delibe- rately misled her? Was his having to work that night a fiction? Had he pressed her to accompany Willesden to the con- cert so that he would be at liberty to meet Moll Sheargold? All the way home the girl tortured her- self by turning over such thoughts and suspicions, and although she was able to disguise her sufferings from her mother, and also from Arthur Willesden, she broke down on retiring to the privacy of her chamber. And as she lay there sobbing herself to sleep she vowed that unless Luke gave her the fullest and most satisfactory ex- planation she would at once end their en- gagement. It was better to end it all at once than to torture herself continually, as was now the case. (To be continued.) 