Chapter IV. Evelyn took the uewa with nnhoped for calmness. Mrs. Jardine was obliged, in the course of a week, to return to her own home ; but she urged upon TaaiiiBton the necessity of sending his wife away from Cairnsmuir at change of scene was imperative. To this but her spirits did not revive, nor did the ever &gaia; resume her former manner towards her husband. The gulf between them remained fathomless, though after a time she returned to him at Cairnsmuir and assumed her duties as mistress of the Castle. She took up her abode in the oldest part of the building— the ancient stronghold itaelf : and the two lives that were pawed mder the same roof never for a moment touched. Absolute silence and reserve reigned between tihftm. As time went on, Evelyn became thinner and more and more ethereal in appearance, asdlshe began to show consumptive tendencies, which had long been feared by her brother and Mrs. Jardine. Thainston watched her with desperate anxiety, but he dared not even otter a remonstrance against her reckless then might have been of saving her life. She used to wander desolately about the cold, deserted bonne, going from room to room like some restless guilty spirit. She refused now to mingle with her fellows ; would see no one, and discouraged all attempts of her friends to induce her to resume her old habits of life. Cainumuir seemed a grief- etricken place. Mrs. Jardine'e gloomy prophecy had been f ulfiUed to the letter. About a year after the establishment of the new master and mistress at Cairnsmuir, old Buchanan, who had never held up his head since John's melancholy end, was taken ill ajid died, Evelyn standing by his bedside, and receiving his last words. 'Oh God t if only I might die too !' A eenBe of unutterable desolation over whelmed her as Bhe closed the eyes of this trusty friend of many years, who had loved her brother and herself from their childhood. Now she was left alone with her misery worse than alone ! Seeing the hectic flush grow deeper every day on her cheek, and all the cruel symptoms of her fatal malady rapidly increase, Thains ton at last in desperation ventured to break the awful silence, M Don't yon think that you ought to go away somewhere ?' he said one day, on finding her sitting alone in the cheerless drawing-room doing nothing, her eyes fixed on the carpet. ' Go away somewhere V* she repeated vacantly. ** Yon are ill * *htw place is too damp and cold for yon.' She startled him by a laugh ; it was the first time she had laughed since her brother's death. ' We have duties to the living, you know,' the husband pursued in rather a shaky voice ; your lore is all buried in your brother's grave. You have none left jar me.' She looked at him in deep surprise. 'And you care about that?' she said, with a curious searching glance at his disturbed face. He raised his hinds above hia head. 'Ohl Evelyn, don't yon know that your terrible hatred is driving me mad f' He was aa pale aa Evelyn herself, and hia whole frame trembled. 'It is very strange,' she nnumnredt covering her eyes with her hands with a gesture of mingled bewilderment and misery. ' Speak one kind word to me,' be pleaded ; ' will yon never wake np from your sorrow and love me again ! Will yon let it kill yon likethu?' He was about to tonch her thin, flushed cheek, but she shrank away from him with a gasp, and he quickly withdrew his hand, turning, if possible, a shade paler than before. And then there was a long, miserable silence. It seemed the more dead and ominous for the steady, fateful tacking of the clock, and the dull eigbing of the rising wind outside. The afternoon was rapidly waning, the castle lay in the shadow ; river mints were stealing up and clinginjp, round the walls. Evelyn, whose gaze went past her hnsband like a flying arrow unswervingly directed to some distant goal, seemed to be watching the darkness creeping c=: the last gleam of rosy colonr in the sky lading into grey, the gloom of coming night deepening over the river and the woods beyond. In the hollow a circular film of vayourlay hanging like a white wreath in the dusk. A hoarse voice broke the still ness at last. ' What are you looking at, Evelyn V ' The mists rising from tbe moat.' she said. ' They rise so every night.' ' I watch them every night,' was the calm answer. He looked at her furtively, but made no reply ; and presently, after wandering to and fro from the window once or twice, as if trying to make np his mind to say eomcthiag more, he weot out and left his wife alone. And so the days went by, and the gulf of separation between these two remained dark and deep aa ever. Kvery night the mists stole up from the river, and tbe weird cloud-circle rose above the moat ; the winds beat upon the castle walls and moaned in the branches of tbe Dule tree. Toe old place had been allowed to go to rack and ruin ; Thainston was unexpectedly neglectful of the property that had fallen so suddenly into his hands. As for his wife said the neighbours sadly — she was dying of galloping consumption, and would make no effort to cave herself. 1 be damp stains grew darker on the walls, and the mosses spread and spread in tile large courtyard, while the imps and demons became greener about their grinning mouths, as the water poured or dripped npon the paving stones beneath. And still husband and wife lived on together in their gloomy home, facing one another at their cheerless table, always cold and ceremonious, as though they had been perfect strangers. And for ever between them lay the secret known to both : known, but held in unbroken silence. An unwelcome third, it sat beside them at their hearth, stole by them like a ghost at twilight, or Sauntered before them with mocking gestures in the full glare of the morning. It had become their constant companion ; and each knew well that it was present, and always present to them both. Evelyn seemed to be drifting rapidly away as the weeks went on. Bach time that her husband returned from his frequent journeys he found her paler and thinner than before. The spectre that haunted them seemed to be draining away her life. Thainston watched her sinking day by day, and knew that her doom wu sealed. He found fcer one afternoon lying on her couch in tbe deep recess of her favourite window, whither it had been wheeled that she might look out through tie branches of tbe Dole-tree to the river, which was now in flood, and seemed to be harrying away u if grief-driven, to calm its trouble in the far-off sea. Thainston hedtated, and then came forward. There was a look in her face as (he watched the hastening water! that sent a pang to his heart. He ventured timidly to sit down beside the couch. *' Evelyn,' he said in a broken voice, ' this place is killing you ; won't you be persuaded to leave it t' 'I have lived here and I shall die hen,' she answered. Then after a pause, ' I shall die very soon now ; I feel death coming. I am hurrying away like that river ? ' She paused for breath, and Gilbert started np in alarm. 'Look how it is tearing over the stones,' she went on; 'it cares for nothing if only it can getaway from the burden of its sorrow. When it reaches the sea and loses itself entirely, die poor little river will find peace at last.' Thainston stretched out his hand towards her, but she drew away, not now in horror but with a look of hopeless grief. For snob grief the peace and immensity of the ocean of Death was alone the solace. Love and faith lay bleeding like some wounded bird that creeps into the grass to die in slow and lonely pain. Thainston was kneeling by the conch, his face covered with his hands. ' Speak to me, Evelyn,' he broke ont ; ' only speak to me. I am the most miserable man on the face of the earth 1 Have pity on me ; curse me ; strike me ; tell all the world what I have done : ? anything rather thui Hiis horrible hatred and scorn. Oh, pity me 1' 'Do you think I have not pitied you! That I did not know the horror of your life? Ever since that night my heart has bled for you, even while I hated you, even while the sight of you filled me with l«***l»*ng My old love and faith and admiration died in torments. I conld not hate and loathe yon as 1 annnld have l^fthcd and hated any other man who bad done what yon did; I hated you more, a thousand times morel I suffered in your suffering, and when you seemed callous and unrepentant '—she gave a gesture of desperation— ' sometimes I almost wished that I had done tfae deed myself, rather than that von should have done it-anything seemed leu intolerable than He broke into a fit of terrible sobbing. Then, checking himself with a strong enact, he made several attempts to speak. She waited patiently till he regained control over his voice. 'It was a horrible inspiration,'' he said hoarsely. 'I must tell it yon all. I was— by my own fault— in the power of a man who extorted money from me by threatening to disclose a disgraceful secret. When I met you I was penniless — deeply in debt ; it was my passionate love for yon that tempted me. I should have lost yon. * On that very night he demanded a sum greater than I had any possibility of paying; I was desperate — at any moment my happiness might have been torn from me ; I — bad taken a large sum of money from ? ,' 'Leave that part of the story; I under. stand enough.' ' That night your brother said he would sleep in the Dule-chamber and Jj^pp*^r and by some horrible fatality he actually told me the whole secret himself ? ' Thainston was breathing deeply. 'Then tbe devil entered into me, and gave me that accursed inspira tion. Every detail flashed instantly in mv mind ; I had no need to think it out. A picture came before me : I saw him emerge alone from tbe passage through the archway ; I saw my own foim creep after him in the darkness as he went along the path by the moat. I saw the heap of fallen masonry, over which, in very fact, he stumbled. I saw myself strike him a death-blow at the instant that he swayed, with one of those murderous stones, and then roll the body into the moat. Even the minute particulars of the after- ' search mapped themselves out before me; every event was born in my brain as we two stood that night side by side in the Dole chamber by the fireplace. A sort of ?'?^—- possessed me, I think ; you know the wicked calm and cunning that has prevented even a suspicion of my crime ever since I committed it. But I am Bane at hut, and ? doomed I' There was a long silence as Thainston finished his confession. His face was turned away from his wife, and he dared not look at her or raise bis bowed head. She spoke at last in a low, weak voice. ' I too have a tale to tell before I die,' she said. In a few broken sentences she explained in what manner she had become acquainted wit* the miserable secret 'It was the work of the Devil— my purgatory is just over- yours-not yet Mow, come nearer,' she whiipered. He started forward, seeing the death change begin to steal across her face. Her moments and her words were numbered. 'Bury me beside him. Gilbert '—.he stretched out her hand and laid it on his head. ' Let your own life be an atonement— I will plead for you.' The pause between each sentence was growing longer. She spoke in gasps. 'I will tell bim how you suffer— atone— atone— do not spare yourself —we have lost each other in this world— try— try and oome to me in the next— I shall be waiting for you — always.' The wave of life was spent ; she sank back in the last dreadful struggle. '? Ah ! stay with me 1 stay with me 1' The miserable man stretched out hia arms. aUwgfag to her desperately, and fell Bobbing on his knees, Bnt »be could no longer answer him, plead u he might. When two honra later the moonlight began to tonob with ralvet the mist-wreath over the moat^ and creep in through the branches of the Dole Tree, it left in qniet darkness the peaceful face of the dead woman, while it fell npoo the haggard, dutorted features of the man who still knelt beside her, madly disputing ber with Death in the frenzy ol bia intolerable anguish. The End. 