Ocean Reminiscences. ; -i ? ?. ? — : — ? ? ' Let me recall a trifling incident ot my ship-board life, an experience small and brief, indeed, but vividly fresh and ol clearest and keenest outline in memory. We were on the Mozambique parallels, well ' to the eastwarda; the weather hot, the eky cop perish, and the sea of a saUowish blue, with a thick, elow now of a swell as of tbe water was heavy and sluggish with oil; a weak breeze of wind blew off the port-quarters, with a sort of sting ot heat in it, like the bite ot the Bun itself I and the chip under all etudding-eails op that Bide went rolling for ward in a kind ol loathing way, as though alive to the trucke with inBtinct ; and I very well remember the slopping noise ot the water as it fell from her bow like flinging buokettuls of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clock in tbe afternoon, I when tbe thiekneas over the atarboard bow died out along tbe horizon there, and showed the eea-line clear to the edge ol the I ooean, with a twisting and glancing ot yel low fires in it from the sun, as though lines of melton brass were elowly sinking in it. I It was then tbat a sail was made out some three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap parently a large ehip, showing to her oourses with her mizzen- topmast gone, and tbe spanker-gaff naked, with some oolora flying at it. Ab we elowly rose her eha Bhowed like a frigate upon the water, with her band ot broken ports and ber big wing ot standing jib ; and 1 heard the captain tell the mate, after taking a long view- of her through a telescope, that he believed she waa such and such a ship, naming a well-known Indiaman ol tbore days. She waa in distress, it was now gathered ; for it seems that Bhe carried a brace of signal halliards at her gaff -end, on one ot which was hoisted tho English ensign, jack down, while on tbe other fluttered a row ot . bunting out of Uarryatt'a Code, signifying that thero waB serious sick ness on board. I can see that ship now as I eaw her then; her canvas had th9 whitenesB of froth touched by moonshine ; she rose and fell very majestically, ber ports bristling and fading as she leaned to the heave of tha waters. By the aid of tbe glees, which I furtively employed on tbe mate turning his bsok, I could distinctly make out the whito quarter-boats swinging at her davits, the gleama off the glass of her large windows, the hurried sbsdowing of her Bails, as tboy swung in and out, and tho flags hovering in reds and whites and blues from the peak end. The helm of our sbip was shifted for her, and we got her right nnder our flying jibboom end. There was not enough yawn in tha foot of the foresail to disclose Eer from the poop ; and it being now four o'clock and my turn to qnit the deck, I strolled for ward on to the forecastle to watch the very noble picture on the eea line, that was.ren dered significant beyond expression by he? appealing colors, and by tbe mntilation of her abaft. A ? group of our Jaoks stood agaioBt one of the catheads, gazing too. I had not been locking above three minntes when one of them exclaimed in a hoarse .voice: ' What, the blazes I -- Ia that- there muck a-drawing up around her, or is she adis eolving !' ? 'The 'Flying Dutchman,' or my eyea ain't mates I' raid a second man, in eub dued voice of mingled awe and astonish ment. ? ' Watch her a-dying out I Smite me, if mortial eyes ever eea the .like of that afore.' My gaze was upon tbe ship as the men spoke ; and, sure enough, I observed her to be elowly melting out, not as though a fog were driving down npon her, but as a ^rain bow dies, the tints shining and. fading -ahd' perishing. In a few moments all was blank, sea where she bad been. There was an expression^r^ismay on Siery-WMS-tiddeBrlfEIsEered face I glaoced at. The captain, the mate, and a number of passengers were moving and mopping like tgobline over the brass rail at the break of tho poop in searoh of the amazing phentssm. -It was, ot course, a mirage; but it took all handB, from the skipper^ down to the oook'B mate, some time to -realise it, so marvellous - had been the illusion, so substantial to the vision tbat rolling and stately fabrio, so ex qaisitelybad tba painted mirrowing of her . fitted the line of the sea. - With some fanoy that the real object oould not be far off, the captain continued to bead in the direotion in which the mirage had shone until darkness came when the ship was brought to ber coarse afrrsh. A few days before we Bailed from Calcutta we got news ot this phantom vessel. She had been eome leagues below the horizon on which her likeness was painted, signalling for assistanoeto another sbip seven 'or eight miles distant from ber. Had the quality ol tbe atmosphere remained as it was, by whioh I mean had tbe mirage lin gered a while longer, no donbt we shoald bave brought the simulacrum of ths other -vessel into view. Thus it. will be seen that ebips as well as men have their ghosts. This resalls to me another incident, belonging, however, to no experiences ot my own. It was the chlel mate ol this same ship from whose deok we sighted the mirage who told me the etory. He was third mate of a very handsome clipper barqne, bound' to 1 a New Zealand port. The captain of ber was a tall, anstere man, with a grizzly beard, and an eye of the dead blackness ot unpolished jet. Instead ol speaking of him as the ?? old man,' bis sailors called him the monk.' He was exceedingly reserved; skid little *r nothing at table or on deck oatside such In struction* a* be bad to give ; yet, spite of bis m'onastio or: collegiate looks, whiob might : have qualified .him to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchantman's quarter-deok, he was an excellent.Milor.-and a man ot considerable 'refinement of speech; ? \- Nothfng particular ooonrrednntil the little barque wa* drawing cn to the equator, when it wa* observed thai .tbo captain grew rest less. He eeemed unable to sleep ; through out the. night-watches be was.loeessantly arriving on deck, and lor a wbols ball-boar at a time be would stand rigbt in front of tbe binnacle, obscuring it to tbe sight ol tbe man at the wheel, and keeping bis eye fixed npon tbe.card witb tba llfeleis air of a person aoting in hi* sleep, At noon one day tbe latl- ' tnde waa found to be about six mile* no^th. There wu a-pleassut breeze blowing off tb* port beam, and tbo clipper keel was made by tbo log to be eliding through it at some (even miles In tbe boar. Tbe cepteio, patting down bis sextant, walked aft to tbe binnacle and stood betctfo it, holding his watcb in bis band. There wa* a light u oi tare r itt tb* gaza bo rooted upon Ibe dial plate. Sud denly be called to th* second mate, who hid charge t ' Hand* to tba port braoei, Oet tba yard* trimmed lor a westerly coarse. Down be low.'-. Tbe little ship csmo round witb' tbe mtn rounding In upon tbe braces . too astonished, to dog out. Tbo csptaio walked tbe dcok chafing bis hands and obaekllng, II Now, air. we have It,' he cried to tbe second mate. 'Have what, ilrt'. sakid tbe astounded 0 Oleer, . ' The equator, 1 lr,' rosrsd the uotala, . 'The iqoatorf''cr!«d tba piate, looking round bits, » ?«t, sir, tret m rbalrjb* thitaagReilo bearings— a for* and a alt Uq«, ill. Keep to thai coarse, d'jro bear.' Not aa Inob ett to palter 0hrbotri, ct quicker than jet »tn eay Jick BobIn«oir l.rllbIow^onr brain* out I' ^ , ?'!' , 'j. : 7b« ueooi m»\\*f gliosis*:, 'ibrotwfe'Uii ?kTjIjbl. fhttfirt, lb* eblii .otyair - In »W: tiro! B«Jta Q«or^:.7urQis;lriirt^» ^ r iaea :«lf- ronl*r^|kitI§^IMt^ni around; and nota Utile amMtX-tio ib p loond lo th« MifeW AacrlciCn^ ' This is to bo an achievement, sir,' i shouted the captain to him, ' that'll rank I ma foremost amongst tha mdBt famous men this century has produced.' Tha mate viewed him with a stupid look ol interrogation. . ' Sir,' cried the oaptain, approaching him with an expression of ecstaoy on his singu lar countenance, ' tbe keel of thiB barqne will be the first that ever ploughed the lina ot the equator without a hair-breadth oi de viation for 1000 miles at leaBt ; and mark you this,' he cried, drawing himself ereot, and extending his.olenched fist at the mate, ' il I catoh the vessel's head off her oourse by the smallest fraction of a point, I will blow out the brains of the man who has charge of the deck at the time.' He elapped bin breast that the two men might gness what- ha ooncealed there, and, poking up bis sextant, Btalked below. The unfortunate creature weot entirely oat of his mind that night, and they had to . pinion him to prevent him from destroying himself, or dealing death to' tba ship by firing her. He died within tbe week, raving mad, not a little to tbe'relief ot tbe mates, who could do nothing for him beyond seeing him carefully watched. 