TILE LEW UORMOX1SX. (london to£es.) The Mormons have come out with a new- profession of faith, the result of a conference of elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration savs : — " We believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost ; that men will be punished for their own ains, not for those of Adam, that mankind may be saved through Christ, and obedience to the laws and ordinances which appertain to the faith iu Christ and through repent ance : in baptism by immersion, and lay ing on of hands. We believe in the same organisation as that of the Primitive Church — namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We believe in , the gift of tongues, in prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. We believe the Bible to bo the Word of God, so far as it is trans lated correctly, and also that the Book of Mormon is the Word of God. We believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regarding the Kingdom of God. We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, in the restoration of the Ten Tribes, and that Zion will be built on this continent. We claim the privilege to worship God according to the dictates of our own con science, and allow others to do the same. We believe that we must obey our rulers bo long as they ore honest, true, chaste, benevo lent andrirtuouB." Article 12 of the declaration abandons the system of polygamy. The political effect of this departure will be very great in Idaho. There are 11,100 Mormons in this territory who will now be able to vote under this new declaration. At a Mormon Conference held at Salt Lake City on Cth October 10,000 persons attended. President Woodruff's official manifesto forbidding plural marriages was approved and adopted by a unanimous vote of the apostles, bishops, and elders. This is the most important step taken by the Mormon Church in a quarter of a century. George Q. Cannon, one of the oldest leaders of the church, addressed the conference, say ing that the manifesto was the act of God. President Woodruff baring had a special communication from the Almighty. The speaker said that he was sorry that the step was necessary, because be believed God had ordained polygamy. The martyrs of the . : church had suffered much, 800 of them having been confined in the penitentiary for the al leged offence of polygamy; but it was useless for the church to fight 00,000,000 people any longer. God would hold the nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right to worship ac cording to the dictates of their consciences. The sufferings of the Mormons were recorded in Heaven, and would one day appear upon the noblest page of modern history, bat the speaker bowed in submission to God's will. The conference confirmed the original Articles of Faith, including the one beginning 44 We believe, being subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." The action taken by the conference effectu ally ends the Mormon trouble in Utah, and bars polygamy in the fu ore. The official manifesto of President Wood ruff, forbidding plural marriages in the Mormon Church, is as follows ; — 44 To whom it may concern : — Press despatches having been sent for political purposes from Salt Lake City, which have been widely pub lished, to the effect that the Utah Commis sion, in a recent report to the Secretary of the Interior, allege that plnral marriages are Btill solemnized ; that forty or more marriages have been contracted in Utah since last June or during the past year ; also that in public discourses the leaders of tbo church have taught, encouraged, and urged the continuance of the practice of polygamy, I, therefore, as president of the Church of J.esua Christ of Latter Day Saints, do hereby in the most solemn manner declare these charges false. " We are not teaching polygamy or plural marriages, nor are we permitting any parson .to enter upon its practice. Ideny that either forty, or any number, of plnral marriages ' dunng that period have been solemnized in our temples, or in any other place in the territory. One case has been reported in which parties have alleged that a marriage .was per fumed at the Endowment House in Salt Lake City in the spring of 1680, but I have not been able to learu who performed the cere mony. Whatever was done was done with out my knowledge. In consequence of this alleged occurrence the Endowment House was by my instructions taken down without delay, inasmuch as laws had been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages,' which laws, moreover, had been pronounced oonsti- tutianel by the court. 44 As a last resort, I hereby declare my in tention to submit to the laws, and to use my influence with members of the church over which I preside to have them do like wise. There is nothing in my teachings in the church, or in those of my associates, during the time specified, which can be reasonably construed to inculcate or to en courage polygamy. When any elder of the church has used Language which appeared to convey such teachings, he has been promptly reproved. 1 now pubucly declare my ad vice to the Latter Day Saints, which is to refrain from contracting any marriage for bidden bv the law of the land. " (Signed) Wilfobd Woodruff. Presi dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints." This document having been adapted by the conference, the President offered the follow ing resolution : — 44 That recognising Wilfred Woodruff, President of the Church of Josus Christ of Latter Day Saints, as the only m&u; on earth at the present time who holds the keys for sealing ordinaries, we consider him. folly authorised by virtue of hi position to issue the manifesto which has been read in our bearing, and which is dated 24th Sep tember. IHJHl; further, that, as the Church General Conference assembled, we accept his declaration eoncemine plural marriages as authoritative and binding." This resolution was unanimously adopted by the vast assemblage. After Mr. George Cannon had spoken. President Woodruff stated that ihe decision embodied in the manifesto had been reached only after a long session of prayer. The fiat had gone forth, and the will of God must be obeyed. The question of what shall be done in the case of member who are already sealed re mains to be debated at a meeting of the Mormon priesthood. 