fig WMK. I It is reported that two Japanese warships — the Kongo and the Hiei — will probably call at Sydney shortly. It is staled that the British consul in South-east Africa is annexing territory on the shores of Lake Tanganyika on behalf of Great Britain. The Minister for Works has directed that a dredge shall at once be despatched to commence the deepening of the' Parramatta Biver. A stbakoe death of a child near Kiama is re ported. The shock of seeing 'a ghost' in a juve nile game brought on paralysis which ended fatally. We learn by cable from London that Mr. Gladstone and Mr. J. A. Fronde have written to Sir Henry Parkes upon the question of granting respansible government to Western Australia. Toe following students have passed the B.A. examination at the University, in addition to those whose names are published in another column : — ? W. J. L. Close, IL Wolstenholme. A Fbekcbiuk, Jean Baptists Bouet, was this week fined £30 and costs, or in default three months' imprisonment^ for selling wine at a house in Argyls street without being the holder of a licence under j the Act The appointment of the Land Court, provided for by the sew Land Act, has not been made yet, but it is thought probable that the names of the gentlemen who arc te occupy that position will be announced in tbe course of a few days. : Tiie Postmaster-General has determined upon the construction of a telegraph line from Parkes to Dubbo, via Peak Hill and Tomingley, a distance of about 90 miles. Tenders for this work will be called for in the course of a few days. | The Governor of Tasmania (Sir George Hamil [ ton) has, on behalf of himself and Lady Hamilton, written to Sir Henry Parkes, inviting him to pay a | visit to Tasmania, and become their gueBt Sir Henry Parkes has also been pressed to pay a visit to New Zealand. The shipping arrivals on the 27th ult include the steamers 'Victoria and the Star of Victoria from London, via ports, with general merchandise ; the value of tbe latter's cargo was £44,000. The ship Battle Abbey also arrived with a general cargo valued at £40,300. A jockey named Wilkine was admitted to Prince Alfred Hospital on New Years' Day suffering from a severe fracture of the thigh and other serious injuries. Ho was riding Sydney in Tattersali's Club Cup at Bandwick, when, the hone felL He died at 3 a.m. on the 2nd instant. j ? Lieutenakt-Coiosel Bathes died at the resi dence of his son. Captain B. Barnes, Enfield, on the 27th ultimo, at the advanced age of 61 years. Until March last the deceased gentlemain held the position of obief paymaster to the military forces of New South Wales, The funeral took place on Sunday. Thb revenue returns for the quarter and year just closed show the total receipts for the December quarter to be £2,508,623, being an increase of j £69,755 as compared with the corresponding 1 quarter of last year. The total revenue for the year was £9,063,399, or £177,039 more than the previous year. j Mb. O'M alley Clabke, S.M., has been granted ! leave of absence for six months ; and the leave granted to Mr. J. M. Marsh, S.M., has be?n ex tended for three months, previous to his retirement from the Civil Service. Mr. Delohery has been appointed to act for Mr, Clarke, and Mr. Lee, S.M., for Mb Marsh. Sin Henby Pakkes, vrho appeared on Monday afternoon to be suffering from very great fatigue, found on bis arrival at the public offices on Tuesdaf that he was too nnwellto proceed with his work. ?Notices were .therefore sent? out postponing until Thursday afternoon the meeting of theCabinetthat had been ftrivened'for Tuesday afternoon, and the ? Premier went home. - Loud Gakwugton 'has received a despatch from ; the Secretary of State for the Colonies, stating that her Majesty has been pleased to receive the address sent to her by tbe Legislative Council and the Assembly of this colony in favour of granting responsible government to Western Australia, It is further intimated that the Enabling Bill will be introduced into the Imperial Parliament early next session, Lono Cabbikgtox will leave Sydney on his visit to Now Zealand by the H.M.S. Orlando, which is expected to sail early on Monday morning. The Governor's tour will occupy about a month, and, during his absence Sir Alfred Stephen will exercise his functions as Lieutenant-Governor. It is expected that Lord Carrington will reach Dunedin on January llth, 'Wellington on the 19th, and Auckland on the 25th. ( The China Navigation Company's sleamthip Cliangsha arrived here from Hongkong on Satur day night. The accounts which'she brought include a number of disasters at tea, including a fatal explo sion on board the Kaiser-i-Hand, one of the P. and O. liners, a collision between another P. and O, steamer, the Ancona, and another vessel, and the total loss of a British ship, and, it is feared, a boat's crew, consisting of seven men. Sir Samuel Geiffith, leader of the Opposition in the Queensland Parliament, had an interview with Sir Henry Parkes on Monday relative to the question of federation. Mr. Beeves, M.ILIL, of New Zealand, also had a conversation with tho Premier relative to the same, subject The letters received by Sir Henry Parkes within the laBt day or two supporting his views on federation include one from Lord Brassey. A deteeiiikation has at last been arrived at in reference to the construction ?£ tbe Tass tramway. Sir Henry Parkes recently said that the Yass tram way ought to be made-, and he would put himself in communication with the Department of Public Works, and he would do all in his power to have the work speedily started. The Premier has since carried out his promise, and we are now informed that it is the intention of the Minister for Works to have the constiuction ?£ the tramway com menced early this year. Tub Colonial Treasurer is endeavouring to have all the necessary arrangements perfected for enabling the sew system in connection .with the basking business of the Government to be brought info operation from the first day of tie year. The current working accounts will be withdrawn from tbe banks at present charged with them and transferred to the New South Wales, the Commercial, the Joint Stcck, the Mercantile and the City ba.nke, It is the intention of Mr. Al 'Mil lan that in future all Government deposits shall be distributed as much ss possible among the various banks. New Year's Day was favonred by fine weather. Holidaymakers were plentiful, and there was no lack of amusement provided. The total cumber of persons carried by tram was ii,i 81, as com pared with '48,138 last year.' : The number of persons whp booked at the different subui ban stations was as follows: — Main Suburban line, 2G,724; -lllawaraa, 17,440; Nor', hern, 1419; Western, 1093; Southern, 1105. The traffic by the trams was exceed ingly large. A number of special carriages were despatched to Bondi, Coofree, Botany, and the races. It is estimated that tbe days takings will amount to over £1000. One of the largest demonstrations that have ever taken place in the colony in connection with the Salvation Army was held on the 1st inst for the pur pose of welcoming Commissioner Coombes to Sydney. He was met at the railway station by about 4000 ' soldiers,' and tbe procession extended a most from the station to the barracks, in O'oul burn-street Several b ^nds took part in the pro ceedings, and played a number of popular tunes. At 5.30 an immense meeting was held at the bar racks, and a similar one at the Centenary Hall in the evening, when a number of speeches were delivered. At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Trades Hall Company, held in tho temporary build ings recently, the desirability of at once completing the Trades ' Hall was again warmly discussed, and the following motion was unani mously carried : — ' That a Building Com mittee to consist of five members, be appointed to draw np a report upon the continuation of tbe Goulburn-street frontage to Dixon-street, and the material required.' Since the temporary buildings have been available, all the space has be^n nightly occupied, and numerous applications from trade Foc.etics have been refused. Tkk Colonial Treasurer (Mr. M'Millan), the Minister for Justice (Mr. Gould), and the Post master-General (Mr. 1). O'Connor), who tog-ther will officially represent this colony at the Dunedin Exhibition, have arranged to leave Sydney for New Zealand on Monday next, the Gth instant It is their intention, should nothing intervene, to go to Melbourne by the afternoon express, and on the following day, Tuesday, to join the Univn Steam ship Company's vessel Te Anau, on which boat they will proceed to New Zealand. Tlie Ministerial party expect to be in Dunedin about the 13th of the month, and their visit will extend over a period of three weeks. Thb work of erecting the great organ in the Centennial Hall has been prrceeded with during tbe holidays, although the Town Ilall departments have been closed, and considerable progress has been made. Already in the recess provided for the pur pose the fiamework of the instrument has been placed. The heavier portions have been put together, thus relieving slightly the mass of materials which for tome weeks has encum bered tho floor of the building. A number of the wooden and several of the metal pipes havo also leen fixel in position. A great deal jet remains to be done, but at the present rate of pro gression the completion of the work should not long be delayed. Tiif, P. andO. Company's R M.S. Victoria landed a large number of* passengers last week from London. The ship coming directly to the Circular Quay was an advantage to her passengers, en abling them, to step at once ashore and obtain pos- . cession of their baggage. The Sydney-bound list of passengers included Sir A. K. C. 'Stepney, M.P., : who is visiting the colonies on a tour, and a / good many old colonists reluming from a visit to Europe. These , include Mr. G. : Merfimah, Mr. Woods, and other?. Mr., Powell, for.manyyears.jiianager.of the London. Dock Com pany, was a passenger to Australia by Ihe Victoria on a visit (o his l rotber, Mr. James Powell, the collector of Customs at this port Among the addresses which have fiom. time to time been piesented to Sir Henry Parkes by residents of various parts of the colony is one from tbe Municipal Council of Ten'erfield, which foresees a peculiar interest The majority of the addresses presented to tho Premier are on an elaborate scale, being richly illuminated. The T-'nterfield address is quite unlike all the others, being very unpretentious in design, and yet it evokes the admiration of all beholders who may have artistic tastes. Tho chaim of the adcress is the border which encloses the lettering. This border, which iB the work of a Public school pupil, is composed of a rustic square, ornamented with flowers and foliage. The design ha* been pro duced with pen and ink, and the work is exceed ingly moritorioua By carefully inspecting tlie border, one finds that it bears the name of H. T. W, Brennand. Tin: board appointed some time ago to inquire into the detail survey work, the general survey of the co'ony, and the trigonometrical survey, completed their labours, so far as the collecting of facts was concerned, about a month ago. The board, which consisted of Mr. Conder (chairman of the Cooma Land Board), Mr. M'Donald (District Surveyor, Hay), and Mr, All worth (District Surveyor, Maitland), examined a considerable number of witnesses. ... It is believed that sorre of the facts brought . to light were of a somewhat startling nature. The board have within the lest month made a very careful review of the facts which came under their notice, and embodied in their rejort recommendations which, if acted upon, will, it is rumoured, lead to a thorough re organisation, if not reconstruction, of certain depart* ments. Great anxiety is manifested in some quarters relative to the outcome of tins inquiry. As has been arranged with the Admiral, Lord Charles Scott, the homeward-bound crews from H.M.S. Egeria and H.M.S. Hoyalist left here on board the steamer Port Victor on New Year's Day, The Port/Victor will very likely go to Portsmouth, via Colombo. About 300 blue jackets embarked, and the 'tween decks were fitted up for their reception, as in the case of the outward-hound crews. Ihe marines are provided with bunks, and the crew with hacimocks, The tables are fitted so »s to lift out of the way, thus leiving a clt-an deck during the greater part of the day. The 3bip's saloon is at the disposal of the officers. Captain Bird looks forward to making even a faster run home than he did to Sydney, so that the Port Victor as a troopship, should feive tbe Admiralty every satisfaction, tlis outward voyage being very favourably spoken of by i the officers of the new crews. The steamer take3 I about 6000 bales of wool and 200 tons of bullion . and ore in her lower holds. 