ttcveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ou, Lady Clietwynd's Spectre. By Haujiiet Lewi*. CHAPTER XXI. A rOOB HAVES OF nEruuij, I Cornice had no clearly defined plans on I leaving the hotel. She knew no one in } London. She knew nothing and suspected nothing of the wickedness ibxt lurks on every side in the great metropolis. She had money, and in her simplicity she imagined that she would easily find a home in that great wilderness of houees. But bow to find the desired home she did not yet know. She joined the tide of shop girls, and walked on toward Regent Circus in the gray chill of the early morn ing. She wandered on, hour after hour, bearing her travelling-bag. No one seemed to notice iter. Tnc few people whom she met appeared absorbed iu their own affairs, and bestowed scarcely a passing glance upon the veiled and slender young fiyure that trudged go wearilv onward. " It is time that I found lodgings," thought Bernice, with a horrible sense of bor loneii nrss creeping upon her. "I must procure them immediately. It would be terrible to have the day wear on and the night come and find me shelterless." But the task was not bc easy as it seemed. There were placards in plenty in windows signifying that the houses to which they per tained were to be let. And there were little yellow bills and pieces of white paper in other windows, with the legend, " Apart ments to Let," but the houses were for the most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging-houses, and Bern ice rccoited from the frowsy heads at the windows, the broken panes of gJass_ and the slipshod maids on the steps. !">he turned from one street into another, growing more tired and less fastidious at every step. At noon, nearly exhausted, she went into a pastry-cook's shop and asked for a cup of tea and a roll. 1 nesc were supplied her anu she was given a chair, but such demands in that quarter of Kentish Town were au parently not numerous, and lieinice felt herself to be an object of considerable curiosity to the shopkeeper and single at tendant. On paying her small bill at the counter, she inquired if lodgings were to be obtained in the neighborhood, adding that she was a stranger in London and could not give re ferences. "There are lodgings to be had in the neighborhood, Miss—plenlv on 'em." replied the shopkeeper ; " but references are gener ally required. Some lodgirg-house keepers may bc willing to take pay m advance in stead. A y-jung girl like you ought not to bc hunting lodgings by herself. There* dangers and perils lurking on every side for a beautiful young creaturc like you," an J siJC j looked with compassionate interest at the ■ pure, pale, high-bred facc,|Iit up by dai k,Isos> ! rowful eyes. Why, you are a real iadv, Jliss. lou surely ought to have friends 8 >meivhere. " My friends are dead," said Bernice he' l.ps quivering. « My father was a minister of the bcottish Kirk. 1 am aloTll. in tbe world, mndam, and am come here to earn iny own living. I want to get lodgings while J seek a situation as governess." c The shopkeeper meditated. She was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. She saw that Bernice was a stranger io Lon don ways, thatsbe seemed like a pupil fresh from a convent or place of equal seclusion «nd she trembled ot the pitfalls that lay be fore one so innocent, so unsuspecting and so guileless. " I believe in you, Miss," the woman said, Abruptly, after a long, searching scrutiny of The lovely, half shaded face. "I'm not a pejson easily taken in, as people will fell you <but I believe in you, and I'll teli you ot a re sectable lodging-house wheie you mav cet a room. It's mound the earner in Victoria 11 ad. Its kept by a very good customer of mme, a woman that's made a pretty penny ehe'sa little queer, Miss, but her lodgers a're all respectable, mid this h-nse is that neat i you might cat oir the kitchen Ho.-,r. The ' woman's name is Mr#. Sharp, which sharn is also her nature. If you pay in advance and tell her I sent yon, which iiiy name is Gib bons, I know si c'll do well by you —;ts h n-j as your money lasts. And vou "can't i xpcct strangers to do for you no longer, you know Miss." " ' ' Bernice assented, and obtained the address of Mrs. Sharp,and then, thanking the shop keeper, set out in search of Mrs. ij.'iarit's lodging-house. Turning (he a-ijacent corner, L'ernice found herself ifi Victoria it .ad. a <iin«v street lined with rows of dull brick house's Here, as elsewhere, were plenty of apart ments to let, but young Ludv Ohetwvnd prfssd on to number forty-two, Sirs. Sharp's residence. It was a corner house of the row, and presented a brighter and cleaner appearance than its neighbors. The stone steps were very clean, the windows were all spotless, and the bra-s knocker was polished like gold. Bernice sounded the knocker twice or thrice heavily. A servant-maid admitted her into a verv -narrow hall, and Bernice asked for Mrs. •3- aip The maid ushered Lady Chetwvnd" into a small parlor, and hurried away to her .jnistress. Beruice's gaze wandered about the room, vaded^'tTery eS3eiiCe of respectability per A heavy step was heard in the narrow, 011-clotbed ball, and Mrs. Sharp entered the presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously stat ing the object of her call. ' Mrs. Sharp listened till Bernice completed ner statement, and then coldly said : " So Mis. Gibbous sent you to me, and voti nave no references? I pride mvself Miss, upon the respectability of mv house, and 1 shouldn't feel justified in* tak'ng lD« n OUng l)erson without references." *' I am a stranger in Landon," said Bernice, with gentle sweetness and a shadow or pleading in her fresh young voice, " I am very tired, madam, and f long for a place in which I can rest. My father was a minister of the kirk. lie has receutly uieu. I must earn my own living as a goreraess, and it will be of advantage to me to give as my address a very respect, able lodging-house. I will pay you in ad vance." " I p-efcr gentlemen," said Mrs. Sharp, showing signs of relenting. " They can get their meals, all but breakfast, out." " I am willing to get my own meals, madam." ''If you can wait on yourself and cook yrnr own meals—not in my kitchen, though —and can pay in advance, and have no company, and live quiet, and are not out evenings, why, tln*n," said Mrs. S;>arp. «' 1 don't know but I'd consent to take y«>u in. Cut one thing must be understood: When your money is gone you must go awav quietly, without a word. Is that a bar gain 7" " Yrs," said Bernice, " I agree to all this.'* *' Then you can come this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee on. You can get meat roasted at the pastry-cook's. Will you look at your room I" " If you please, madam. I—1 should like to stay now," said Bernice, bravely, although her cheeks flushed. " "Indeed 3" exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. " Where is your luggage ?" " AH I have is in this bag,"an;wered Ber nice. *• I am poor, madam—" " Hum? I should think so. My room is sixteen shillings a week in advance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if you want to see the room come up." Bernice assented, and Mrs. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and ushered her into the front room, which contained few, if any, comforts be yound the barest ncccssaries of existence. But bare as was the room, Bernice looked upon it as a very haven of refuge. " It is all in order," she observed. " WI13' may I not remain here now! Here is the tirst week's rent." •She produced her pocket-book and took from it a sovereign. Mrs. Sharp saw that more money remained in the puise, and con sented to allow her logger to remain. ' I don't know where to get a spirit lamp," said lit:mice, hesitatingly. "I I never went into a shop alone. Would you not kindly stud a servant upon a few errands for me, madam I I am willing to pay for the favor." *■ I don't want any pay for allowing tne maid to go, but if yoa choose to pay her, that's your affair and hers. I will send her up to you," said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted grariousniss, and the lodging-house keeper retired, soon sending up her house-maid. This young woman had an honest, trust worthy face, and Bernice liked her. She consulted with her in regard to her wants, and gave her a sovereign to expend for her in materials for housekeeping. The young woman departed, and was absent an hour, but finally returned with her arms full. She was followed by a small boy, wbo carried a basket fuii of stores. The house maid emptied ths basket and dismissed the boy. "I've got everything you mentioned, Miss," she observed, "and some things you did not speak of. There's the Times as you was so particular to have. I did not buy it ; I hired it till evening. It's been hired out all the morning, and was just brought back. Here's faggots for the lire, ardcbilTit is.and j I 11 kindle a little blaze—you look so cold and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of coals, to put into your closet yonder. And htre is' bread, and a cold roasted fowl, and a tea kettle and a spirit lamp. And here's nine shillings left." Bernice bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the servaut, who hastened to make up a bright lire, and to wheel up a big chair be fore it, and to fill the tea- kettle and set it on the hob. Bernice took possession of the big chair, and read over the columns of \\\ ants in the 7ivies. She had imagined that a situation as governess wouM be readily found, but she saw no advertisement in the paper that seemed intended for her. •' I'll advertise myself," she thought, sud denly, the idea striking her, as she btlieved, like an inspira \m. " I will write out an honest advertisement, saying what I can do. Surely, among all the millions of English people, someone wiil want me." ^ She brooded over t'ie idea while the house-maid made her tea and placcd tlie few edilties on the bare table. When the girl was gone out Bernice drank her tea and ate her bread and jam and a portion of cold | fowl, with actual relish, and then wrote with I the small gold pencil on her chain, upon a piece of wrapping paper that had en veloped the sugar, a notice that ran as fol lows : " Wanted — By a young ladv without references, an orphan and a stranger in Lou don, a situation as governess. Understands English, French, and Gorman, music, draw ing and dancing. Would accept a very fimall salary. Addicss Miss G., Ti;nc> office.,"' liseeiiied to Bciniua that this advertise ment could not fail to secure the situation she desired, and she decided to put it in three of the morning papis. In the course of the afternoon she called up the house maid, aud unfolded her plans to her, and the vming woman undertook to procure the insertion of the advertisement in the news papers. When the housemaid had retired, young Lady Ohetwvnd countcd over the contents of Iht purse with a si^h. The sum she had thought so lar>;e only that morning was slipping through her fingers with unpleasant rapidity. " i must get something to do before it is ft! 1 gone," she thought. -At any rate, I have found a safe aud respectable shelter. I wul economise in my food, and make my money go as far as may be. There must be no more fowls, no meat: and whatever my privations and povtitr, I am not dependent up>>n anyone now but myself." Day ait or day passed, and no satisfactory response camc to Bernice's advertisement. S'je consulted Mrs. Sharp as to how she could bccome a gnuerness. " \oa wiil never be one, Miss—never! Y<>u arc tno young, too ignorant of the worid, too beautiful. Your iit'e is a mystery, lou don t tell who 30:1 are nor whence vou came. It ami in nature for a young girl like jou, who have been tenderly nurtured and cducateil like a line lady, who arc a lady to be wandering about so utterly friend less : ' and Mrs. Sharp looked severely upon her ycun-» lodger. " And no one will cn"a<re a young lady to educate their children who has no <-ne in the world to sptak a word for her, or to say that she is a respectable younf woman. People don't trust their children to any ami everybody without making in quiries. I advise you not to waste any more money in advertising."' •' Li then; any thing I car do without being calied upon for references " Are you a skilful milliner? Can'you expect me to keep you no longer than you? money lasts." " Certainly not." " I work hard for my money," pursued Mrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, " and I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too doe to work. That's what I won't." There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did not intend to lose money by her, but she did not resent Mrs. Sharps manner. To the contrary, she spoke in a subdued, sorrowful voice, as she answered: *' I want work, madam, and I am willing and anxious to work. Can I not learn a trade? Can I not learn to make bonnets or dresses Z" "Who is to apprentice you and pay the necessary premium 1 I don't see anything before you but to become a maid-of-all work; and what lady would want a finer lady in her kitchen than herself ? I advise you to write to your friends, and have them take you away. Your money'll soon be gone, and then will come the alms-house—or a return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think over what I've said, and when your funds get low you can decide what you can do." " I would like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance," said Bernice, her face very white, and a brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes. •' I would like to make sure of a shelter as long as possible." She paid the necessary amount, and Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing ma terials being upon the table. The landlady withdrew, and Bernice was left to herself. And now began for youtig Lady Chetwynd a struggle for existence, such as is endured by many a high-bred and educated young woman, and which involved so much of suffering, of " hope deferred," and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from lecording it. During the three weeks of her slay in the bouse, Bernice had not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew well the contents of the small parcels which Bernice now brought in for herself. She knew that her young lodger was growing paler and thinner day by day ; she noticed that the elastic young step be gan to Hag, that the girl's tread on the stair grew daily lighter and slower ; she saw that the dusky eyes crew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre as bright as unnatural. And knowing and seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her house, and she grew anxious for the month to terminate, that she might sen 3 Bernice away. During all this time Bernice had seen no one whom she knew. Gilbert Monk had ob tained no trace of her, although he had set Mrs. Crowl and Fack to search for her throughout London, where he was convinced that she still remained. He had gone down to Chetwynd Park, and was waiting and watching for her there, knowing that sooner or later she would return to the old home and the dear presence that he!d such fasci nation for her. And thus the month had gone by, and two days only remained to Beinice before she must become again homeless and shelterless. She had but a few shillings in her purse. And now came upon her the longing Gilbert Monk had anticipated— to look once more upon Lord Chctwynd's face. " I may not live long," she thought. *• I must see him. He need not—he must net— see me. I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghost as before, if danger of dis covery arises. Gi'bert Monk has Jongsiuce given over the search for me. and is no doubt ia London reading law. I must see Roy once more before she claims him. I am in no danger of discovery. I shall be very guarded. But I must learn when the mar riage is to take place. I am dying with my yearning for lloy—my husband." She could not withstand that sick longing of her soul. She persuaded herself that she would incur no risk of discovery. And ou the very night before her rent was to expire Bernice packed her travelling bag afresh, and stole out of her lodgings late in the afternoon, unseen b*" any inmates of the house, and hiring a cab, proceeded to the railway station. And soon after dark, closely veiled, she was seated in a second class railway carriage on her way to East bourne. She alighted on reaching her des tination, secured a lly at the station, and pursued her journey to Chetwynd-by-Sea. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her at the village inn, and in the dark, cool May night, with only a few stars gleaming through the azure dusk, she pursued her way on foot to Chetwynd Park—her lost home. 