r A Close Shave. A few years ago, says a writer in the Minneapolis Journal, I was taking an after-dinner smoko in a hotel in Chicago with a gentleman who had been a colonel in the Confederate army, and had held con- fidential relations with the Jeff Davis Government. We were talking about the ohanges in Chicago since the war, and he said " I was in Chicago during the war, in 1862 or '63. It looked like a rural retreat compared with the present splendid city. Then even the Crosby Opera House wasn't built, and the town was largely built of wood." "Wore yon a prisoner in Camp Douglas?" I asked. "Not much," he replied, " although I came very near not only getting into Camp Douglas, but losing my head. I had a decidedly narrow escape. Do you want to hear a thrilling episode, the news- papers Call it?" " Certainly." ' " Well, I came through the lines-no matter how -on special business, the exact nature of which I don't care to divulge even at this late hour. I was quite a youngster then, comparatively speaking, you know, and had a good deal of the dare-devil about me. I went into the war from the start. I was one of the first fellows in New Orleans to mount''a blue cockade on my hot. Those were stirring times, my dear fellow ! "Well, as I was saying, I came boldly np to Chicago.! Got through the Union lines in Ken- tucky, where there were mon; [facilities for tháf. The hedge was full'of gaps'and litters weat regu- larly through. But I had to be cautious in my movements. The Federal authorities were on the lookout for seoret emissaries. I came to meet some parties from Canada, amd I met them, transaoted my business, and went around town for several days enjoying myself. " One morning I received a note from a lady of my acquaintance, who had a kindly feeling for the South, and who was well posted on current move- ments. She wrote: " I learn on undoubted autho- rity that you are known to be in Chicago and that they are on the lookout for you. When you get this stay where you are until night and then go to Mrs. X's,-street, and show her this note and I think you will be all right.' " Here's a pretty mess," I said to myself. How- ever, I determined to weather the gale. I had been through many a big battle, but to get in a tight place like this was calculated to make a man nervous. I might he arrested as a spy and shot. I wasn't a spy, however, but couldn't prove that I wasn't. "I wasn't molested during the day. I stuck close to my quarters, and, changing my olothes and putting on a slouch hat and pulling it down over my eyes, I launched out on the street and-pursued my way to the address indicated in the lady's note. " The streets were pretty lively with people, and a regiment of soldiers were marching down Lake street to the Illinois Central depot to take a train for the front. Fine, strong young fellows they were in that regiment, too, with a band of music playing one of the popular war songs of the day. I got to the house all right, and found the lady to be an old southern friend. An old friend, but a very young and handsome lady, the wife of a very agreeable Chicago gentleman. ' You'll be all right here,' she said, and I thought so, too. ',' She, her husband and I had a very pleasant evening together, and parted for the night in high spirits. I was tired and went to sleep very quickly. Don't know how long I slept, but I was awakened by a thundering knock at my door. I Bprang up and found my friend, the master of the household, pale as a ghost, standing in the hall. An officer and a guard are at the door, and you must hide-I don't know where-or we shall all be ruined.' " ' Go ahead,' I said, ' and let them in. I'll take care of myself and you shan't be compromised.' "It was a desperately rough situation. Just then my friend's wife came quiokly to me and said : ' Come in here ; we must do the best we can and adopt heroic means. Get in there and don't breathe I or you're lost.' I ' She pointed to her bed. " ' Get under the mattress and be still as death, and get air when you can.' In an instant I saw her plan. The bed was a large one. The springs were large. I pulled np the mattress, jumped in on the springs and pulled the mattress over me. The lady then returned to her bed and quiokly laid down as naturally as you please over me. She wasn't very heavy, bufe,the mattress was. and the' springs seemed to have edges cutting into my legs and side. " Hardly had we disposed ourselves in this unique manner when the Lieutenant and his men were ad- mitted to the house. We could hear loud talking, and a deal of profanity, as they explored the house from cellar to garret, and looked in every closet, and ran their bayonets into piles of clothes. At last the door of the room opened. The officer touched his hat, and remarked that he couldn't use much ceremony, as the case waB urgent. He had been informed, and'was convinced that Colonel -was in this house, and he meant to have him. " Mrs. X-pleaded sickness as an excuse for not rising and aiding the search, and said : ' Look everywhere, sir, over the house. There's nobody here except myself, my husband, and the servants. All the closets and coal bins are at your disposal. We have nothing to conceal.' " ' Oh !' said the officer, ' I've heard all that many a time. I shall have to look all through your room, madam.' "He did. " He looked in each closet ; called his men in | and made then run their bayonets into the wall to , be sure there were no secret closets anywhere. He > stooped down, looked under the bed within four feet of me. Jove ! but I was in a cold sweat. One movement, one creak of a spring, one sneeze, or hard breath would have betrayed me. But, after three minutes of suppressed vitality, the lieutenant withdrew, muttering, ' This is d-d strange.' "Still he lingered down stairs; went into the cellar again, into the back yard, tore up boards from the floors, and ran his bayonets into the par- lour sofas. At last the gang cleared out, thoroughly disgusted. They did their duty certainly, and de- served promotion. " I waited on those infernal springs two hours before I moved. I was afraid they would suddenly come back. But they did not. The guard waB kept around the house until ten o'clock next morning and then they withdrew. " I spent the day with my friends, borrowed a suit of clothes and a hat from ray friend, shaved my moustache off, and at eight o'clock in the evening, taking leave of my kind protectors, I lighted a cigar, stepped boldly into the street, and before midnight waa a good many miles on my way to the Confederacy. That is what I call a pretty close shave." 