L.-'-'---·----". --': 2: . . . ..... = I MISS INGRAM'S HEIRESS. BY E. CHABLES, AUTHOB Or "A'S AUST5ALIN' IDYL,5' ETC. cnAPTER xvII (CONTIUaEn). DMs5's tears fell at the sound of Iris sym pathetic voice, but she forced herself to be calm, seeing that lie was much moved, and anxious to pain him as little as possible. "It was so very sudden," she said. "Dear aunt seemed so well and cheerful a few days ago; happier than I have ever seen hebor." " We shall miss her," said Leslie husklily; "but we must not regret her death, it was an easy one. Her life wans not very bright, and her deeply religious feelings must have made her ready and willing to die." " She seemed prepared for it," said Daisy. "She hinted at her death a few weeks ago." And then asno she opened the door of the parlour, Daisy asked the question which nearly everyone of us asks in some form or other when a sudden bereavement falls upon us: " Oh I Mr. Leslio, do you think if she had Been a doctor sooner her life might have been prolonged ?" "I do not," he replied. "These insidious hoard-disoases are mostly incurable, and no one can foresee the suddenness of death which is inevitable in these cases." "Ilit a fire in this room an hour ago, thinlking you might come this morning," said Daisy, as shelo preceded him into the room. "Poor old Keziah cannot do any. thing. She will not leave her mistress's eoom." "Poor creature Il it is hardest for her. Bhe was deeply attached to Miss Ingram, and lifo has no consolation to offer her," said Leslie, as he sat down in the room where the work-basket with some half finished work, tile faded holly and ivy leaves, and an open book with Miss Ingram's spec tacles between the leaves, were pathetic re minders of th.p stirring life that had tenanted this spot a few hours ago and was now stilled for ever. " My sister will soon be here," hlie said, after a pause, bringing his eyes, that iad wandered round the room with pained regret for the absence of his old friend, back to the pale girl who was gazing sadly into the glowing coals. " Selo will stay with you till after the funeral and then you will malo Rothesdaln your home, will you not ? " "You are very kind," said Daisy, a faint flush rising to her face as she met his warm look. " I should like nothing better; but what is to become of Keziah ? She has no friends, I believe, poor ol creature." "Keziah will come too," said Leslie. "I meant that lwhen I asked you to come." "How can I ever thank you for all your kindness? " said the girl, the tears starting to her eyes. "I am only makinig use of a friend's pri vileges," he replied, rising and going to tie window as if to look oult for his sister. He was afraid of betraying tile deeper feelings hidden under the pleasant guise of friend ship, for since hlie had slownu that she was free the visionary hiopes whiclh Ihad once be fore deluded him had risen within him again, and hlie wais Ihaunted by half-stifled wishes whichif formed into words might turn her from him as his too hasty jiudgment uhad done before. So at least he thought; and his one anxiety swas to maintain the conti. dential relations which had lately been established betwveen them. As for Daisy, she thought his words and tone colder than before, and woudered with a swift pain why this undefinable shadow should from time to time intrude itself into their pleasant friendlliness. She sat still, feeling the utter weariness of mind and body that comes after the first passion of sorrow is over. Tho night hnd bIeen a terrible one for her aloneo in the house with the dead, and the despairing grief of tile old woman whoseo dislike to herself seemed in nowise abated by the mutual sorrow that ought to have drawn them togethebor. All her efforts at comforting Keoziah had proved unavailing; she had rejected the cup of ten which Daisy had brought her, she had refused to allow her to assist in the last sad offices which Keziah wished to perform for her mistress; and Daisy had finally been ordered out of the room and had heard the key turned in the door. The old servant meant to do all that remained to be done for her beloved deadalone. Daisy had not beeu able to sleep; the shook of her aunt's sudden death, coming upon the nervous excitement of the last few months, had overcome her strong young health, and she felt utterly worn out. Now, when Leslie turned away from hier she felt suddenly forsaken by her last friend. She had unconsciously jarred upon his feelings again, she thought; and when he moved from her with what appeared to her as suid don coldness, she could not repress tile misery that welled np within her bruised opirit, and the tears fill silently but fast. Leslie, turning back from the window, noticed at once these signs of distress, and forgetting everything sot his deep, pitying tenderness he appro.ched hastily, and bent over her taking both her hands between his oWn. "Do ndt distress yourself any more'," he said, his own voice full of genuine distress. " You have been crying already more than is good for you, and you mest now try and be brave and cheer up for the sake of your other friends. My sister and I will do all in our power to soften your loss." "I know-I know"-said Daisy, strug gling against the sudden burst of sorrow that had overwhelmed her. "You must not mind my tears. I cannot help regretting that Aunt MIargareot and I could not have learnt to understand each other from the very first. It was all my fault-she meant kindly; but I was shallow and selfish, and now we had just begun to know each other and love one anothllerl I If only we could have remained together a little longer I " "The parting when it came would only have been the harder," said Leslie; "and you must lot thle thought that you had learnt to love her and won hier love, com fort you- it was a great comfort to her, I know." "Yes-I am so thankful for that," said Daisy; and thllen after a little while she asked suddenly: " Is Sour sister-- Mrs. Thurstan I mean-like Mrs. Gaudiu ? " A faint blush stole into her cheeks as she uttered the name of her formeor lover's mother. Leslie's eyes had taken such an anxiously questioning look, and the thought struck hier that hle might be attributing somo of her grief to her double lonelinessiu iosielg her hotrothed as well ao her aunut. c5he could not undeceivo him at this moment, hal ,she wished lshe had not asked that qlesrtiou. "No," hlie rI;'lieI, ;ftc' n a usust inmper ceptible pa:uso; " i's: sie:.s not resemuble Violtat a!l: h i. : s vey ts.ah :L;e me. I hope you will like hbr." "I am sure I shall," replied Daisy warmly. "And here she is," added Leslie, as the sound of approaching footsteps was hoard is the garden; and in another moment Mrs. ThursAtan was in the room. When Daisy saw her face, so like that of her brother, the deep grey kindly eyes and the same sympathetic grave smile, and heard the voice so similar to Norman's tones, saying-" My poor child, I've come to look after you and see that you don't fret any more, and we must be good friouends "-all her heart went out towards this plain-faced but pleasant looking woman, and she allowed herself to be folded in a warm embrace, and felt as if they were old friends. " MIy sister will be able to'comfort you better than I can," said Leslie, observing the two. "Nobody could do that," said Daisy earnestly, with a grateful look towards him that sent a warm glow through his heart. " Thank you for those words," he said, with low-toned forvency; and then he left the room, and Daisy heard him ascending the stairs and she knew he had gone to take a last look at his old friend. This made her tears flow again; but when Leslie returned alittle later, his face somewhat graver and paler than before, he found her listening to his-sister's cheering words with an expression of resigned hopefulness which assured him that the friendship he had hoped for had already been established. After her aunt's funeral Daisy, whose nervous system had, as we already men tioned, been greatly shaken lately, broke down altogether, and she was so unwell that she was unable to be present when Miss Ingram's will was read. The unre mitting care and cheerful society of Mrs. Thurstan, and the pleasant change from dreary Ashley Cottage to homely Rothes dale soon however restored the young girl to her usual health ; but her buoyant spirits did not return, and Leslie, seeing her so silent and subdued, could not refrain from attributing the soberness of her mind to another reason besides that of her aunt's death. "Poor little thing," he thought, " she is still fretting about my rascally nephew,' and this thought gave him much bitter pain. Keziah did not go to Rothesdale. She signified her intention of returning to the home of her childhood in Scotland, where she meant to take a small cottage and live on the legacy which Miss Ingram's fore thought had provided for her. She took leave of Daisy after the funeral, and her parting words were characteristio: "You've tasted o' the cup o' bitterness, young leddy," said she, "and I trust you'll turn away from the sinfuluess of this world." Little love though there had been be tween them, Daisy felt sorrowful at parting from her aunt's old serving-woman. Hler hard-favoured face, disfigured with weeping, was the last link that bound Daisy to the old home where she had spent so many happy and sorrowful hours, the home vwhich was bound up for her with so many power ful memories. " I am sorry you are not going with me," she said. " It would have been a consola tion for us both to have been able to speak of dear Aunt Margaret sometimes." "We're better apart, Miss," said Keziah, buts Daisy fancied her face softened a little. " Age an' youth dinna go weel togither. You could ne'er abide my words o' warning, an' I could no'er abide your flighty ways. But I wish you weel for the sake of her tlhat's gone." And so another human being passed out of Daisy's life, and she felt strangely old hand lonely. It seemed to her as if her youth was gone, and she were left solitary and nothing but ghostly memories around her. And when this feeling had passed away, and the new friendship formed with Norman Loslio's sister had become a cheer ing influence in her lifo, she was still aware of another soddening consciousness-the consciousness of failure. It was not twelve months ago that she had come to Jersey full of buoyant hopes, with a firm conviction in the irresistible power of her own attractions; and now sheR was forced to acknowledge that she had failed to bind any hearts permanently to her own self. Only her aunt had really and truly loved her, and she was now beyond the reach of her affection. The man whom her heart had chosceu for her one love gave her only friendship .anud seemed to turn from her whenever a sympathetio under standing appeared to spring up between them. The ardent young lover, whoso life's happiness seemed bound up with her, had ahown that he could turn to another with the same superficial warmth. The old woman before whom she had humbled her self with th?le innate yearning for affection which was one of the main-springs of all her actions, had remained impervious to her blandishments; and not one was left to love her and satisfy the tenderness of her heart. Mrs. Thlurstan was kind nad full of friendly sympathy; she had even gone so far as to offer the lonely girl a home when once established in her own household again; but still shle was a comparative stranger, and there would be the unknown husband who would perhaps object to boher presence. Daisy, sitting in the Rothesdale breakfast room one morning, watcling the gusty rain sweeping across the lawn, felt that the foregoing reflections were selfish, but natural to her position. The thought, " what is to become of me ?" would not be silenced. She could not remain at Rothes dale after Mrs. Thurstan's departure; and whither should she turn her stops ? Porhaps it would be best to return to the old Mar seilles school after all. Madame would welcome her warmly; and although she had not yet heen made acquainted with theo exact provision made for her iu her aunt's will, oli had been told by MIrs. Thurstan that she was amply provided for. Yes I that would be the best. She would go back to the school and live there; it would be a convent-like refuge, and sheo could live on memory and be unmolested. But when she had arrived at this con olusion the tears fell fast and thick. It would seem so hard to part from him, from tho friend who had become so infinitely dear to her, and the sight of whose face, tho sound of whose voice, was the only joy her lifo held this moment. But suddenly she started up and dashed tie tears from her lashes. She had heard Ieslio's step in the hall. " What a selfish, feoolish, sentimental creature I am," she thought, " How he would despise me if he know that I was crying over my own petty troubles. But now I will be brayvo and shd Sgrip hard' with whatever fortune may befall me," When Leslie oasmo in she showed no signs of her pa1):ssing Cutioi, but scorned composed and even choerfulh J1o him?cbif however was lookinog p.ale and hIarasscd, nud Daisy noticed again a crttaiu stifflnes in his manner towards her which had caused her considerable uneasiness since her ro covery. Did he dislike her presence in his household? Ho had invited her so cordially to come. Or was he annoyed at the re sponsibility Miss Ingram had laid upon him in appointing him her niece's guardian. Well, this would soon be over. Perhaps he was worried by some private cares, and his abstraction and coldness had no relation to her after all. "Do you feel well enough to hear the provisions made for you in your late aunt's will?" he asked after a few preliminary common-places. " Quite well enough," said Daisy readily. " May I trouble you to come to my study now ?" he asked, meeting her troubled and almost pleading eyes for a moment and averting his own quickly. And then, with out waiting for an answer, he turned away and held the door open for her to pass into the hall. A faint wintry ray of sunshine struggling through the clouds fell across the mosaic floor, and Daisy remembered with a swift backward turn of memory the first day on which she had entered that hall-the first meeting face to face with Leslie. How changed she was since then-and he was changed also I How changed, and in what she could not define; but she felt he was a different man from the cheery host and unsparing mentor whom she had confronted that day. A few moments later she was seated in the study before a glowing coal-fire, while Leslie unlocked one of the drawers in his writing-table and, producing a letter and a document, gave them into her hands say ing: "Before you.read these I want to say a few words." He paused, leaning his arm on the mantelpiece and looking down into the fire. Daisy sat waiting in silence looking up into his face that was so strangely careworn and gloomy. Her heart was full of sympathy, and she wished for nothing so earnestly as that he would take her into his confidence. "You will be greatly surprised at the conditions imposed on you in this will," he said at last, "and I wish to tell you that I was quite ignorant of such a will having been made. My partner drew it up, and he was of course bound to secresy. I feel almost certain that the peculiar condition under which Miss Ingram bequeathed her fortune to you will be extremely distaste ful to you, and feeling and knowing this, it will not hurt you if I tell you at once that itis utterly impossible for me to fulfil the part assigned to me in this strange testa ment. It is completely at variance, with the principles and rules of life that I have laid down for myself, and it is so contrary to my ideas of this subject that whatever my inclinations might otherwise have been, I must once for all declare it an impossibility to do what is required of me. 'I seem to be talking in riddles," he added with the ghost of his former smile, " but when you have read the letter, which I have no doulit is a facsimile of the one addressed to me, you will understand my meaning." He walked away to the other end of the room, and, taking down a book from the shelves, appeared to become absorbed in its contents, while Daisy, wondering more and more, slowly unfolded the letter. Miss Ingram informed her very shortly that, having become convinced that a mutual attachment existed between Mr. Leslie and her, and being moreover persuaded that the happiness of her life would be secured'if she married a man of such intrinsic worth and of such high moral character; she had made a codicil to her will in whichl she bequeathed her fortune to her niece on condition of hIer marrying Mr. Leslio, failing to fulfil which condition she would receive the sum of £1000 only, which would be settled securely upon her, while the rest would go to an orphanage in Nor thumberland, The letter conosluded with the fcllowing words: "I trust, my dear largaret, that I have acted wisely and lovingly for your future wvelfare. If, as I hope and desire, you will marry the manu I have destined for you, and who I believe loves you, Jour happiness will be socured as far as this can be in this world of change and sorrow. If, on the other hand, some unforeseen circum stance should prevent you from fulfilling thb condition I have prescribed to you, the legacy I have left will bie sntHicicenut for modest wants, and you will be safe from adventurers who would wish to marry your fortune, not yourself. And now, having done all that worldly wisdom could devise for your good, I commit you to the care of that Eternal Friend who watches o'er even the very humblest of his children." Daisy read the letter wmith deep emotion. This message from the deal was very touching to her; but her heart sank as she realised what a terrible mistake her aunt had made in her anxiety to secure her happiness and that of the friend in whose hands alone she ventured to leave the accumulated wealth which had brought so little enjoyment to its late owner. It would not have needed Mr. Leslie's vague hints to tonvince her that he would never consent to a marriage so dis tasteful to all his feelings. Aunt Margaret had known him so long, and yet she had not thought of the possibility that hle would refuse to take a wealthy wife, or indeed any wife, forced upon him in such a manner. And she had made another mistake. She had misunderstood his kind friendship for the daughter of the man whom he had loved, and, having guessed her niecoe's secret, had persuaded herself thllat she had also fathomed the depths of his heart, and read in it the love which she desired for that niece. Oh I it was terribly humiliating to be placed in such a position with regard to that proud, self-contained man whose very delicacy of feeling made the alternative of either marrying her or depriving hler of her inheritance by refusing to marry her, equally painful to him. B1ut now sho must look at the will, though she felt no curiosity whatever to know what the fatal inheritance was which now rose as a barrier between her only friend and herself. " Whatever my inclina tions might otherwise have been." What did hoe mean by that ? Was it possible that if this ludicrous and yet so tragic condition had not existed, or if she, Daisy Iugram, had beon as poor as when he first know her, ho might have felt inclined to woo her ? Did be love her the least little bit after all ? Daisy Hlushed at her own wandering thoughts and unrolling the legal-looking, formidable document cast her eyes over its contents. It was with some difficulty that sho worked her. way through the legal phraso plogy and sqcceeded in grasping the most important facts. Her thoughts wandered away repeatedly; a redoubled tenderness had gathered in her heart for the mlan who might have beI ni her proteitor through life if only poor dear Aunt Margaret had not mitAdl coul i ; sald mistake. 'llhen sho forced her attletion again to the volu-oinong wordro and phrases before her, and, when sho came to the words, "I hereby bequeath the sum of £50,000, together with the property in Nor thumberland known as Ingram Hanll, to my niece, Moagaret Ingram, on condition that the said Margaret Ingram do marry Norman Leslie of Rothesdalo, Jersey," she rose and folding the paper, laid it on the writing table, feeling that never had she experienced such an intensity of hatred towards auy thing or any person before as she did at this moment towards that luckless inheritance. Yes ! it had come to this, that she, who a few months ago thought wealth the pana cea for all evils, now loathed the very thought of riches which must for ever divide her from what she valued most on earth. To be wealthy, courted, and admired had seemed to her the highest good; and now she was not consecious of one impulse of regretfor the rich inheritance her aunt had left her, and which the rigid principles of the man of "peculiar views" deprived her of. All shei regretted was that this would probably estrange him from her, and that thile friendship which was her only comfort now, might be broken by her aunt's well-meant but eccentric provision. (To be contlinued.) 