LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, Decf.mbbr 16. THE RABBIT BILL. The House was in committee ou tho Rabblft Bill when our report of the proceedings closed yesterday morning. We continue the report Clause 0, "Miuister to bo responsible for public lands." Mr. K. B. WTLTCTNSON moved the omissioa from the liuos 29 and 80 of the words "in respect of any rabbit-proof fence upon, neac or for the benefit of such holding." The amendmeut was agreed to and the clause an amended passed. Clauses 7 to 11 were agreed to. Clauso 12, "Notification of infested dig trict." Amendments wcro made providing thafc rabbit-infested districts e'uouid be declared by proclamation by tbo Governor in tbe liastttc alter 80 days previous notice had been given in thu samo publication aud in some local paper. The clause n amende i was agreed to. Ohtu.-e 18— »" Rabbit- proof fences." Mr. FLUMB moved to reduce the maximum mesh from lia. to lin., but after considerable di.icuaaion tbe amendment was negatived. Mr. GREENE moved an amendment pro viding that the funce should bo cither the wire netting or such other fence us the local land board might determine. This was agreed to. Mr. LAKEMAN moved tint the details of the fencing should be determined by the local land board instead of by regulations to bo made under tbe Act. Mr. LYNE pointed out that the case was mot by Mr. Greene's amendment. The amendment wus negatived on division by 81 votes to 9. The clause as amended wns agreed to. Clause 14— 44 llabbit-proof fenco to bo as improvement." Mr. LYNE questioned very much the wisdom of making rabbit-proof fencing an improvement entitling tbo pastoral leasees in the central division. Mr. CHANTER moved aa an amendment to insert afier the word " acts " in line 42 the fol lowing words No such improvements shall be taken 'into consideration as huviug any valm or effect in r- g::rd to any application for at extension of lease in ibe central division of the colony." Mr. GORMLY denounced thi3 feature of thi clause. He was prepared to resist it ua longal the forms of the House would permit. Air. WILLIS thought tno clause as applied t( the central division was a dangerous one. Mr. GULDEN poiuted out that the cla#us< merely gave the Grown tenant the privilege ol reckoning his improvements made by way ol rahhit-pruof fencing iu the sumo way as hi would other improvements. If a man chose to invest bin money in this fencing he should havo the same advantages ns he would if hi expended it iu other improvements. ("Hear, hear.) Mr. ALTSOjN agreed with Mr. Cullen. Mr. A'liGGKE'i'T thought that if tho amend ment were agreed to the beneficial effects ol the bill would bo destroyed. Mr. COLLINS had beeu converted by the argument ui' Mr, Cullon. Mr. DRUNKER thought tho clause a capital method of overcoming many difficulties. II would give tlie pastoral loascos no greate? claim for an extension of tenure than they had already. This clause simply applied to infested districts. A:tcr further discuaaiou, Mr. DRUNKER expressed his willingness to withdraw thu first portion of the clause, stating that a rabbit-proof fence shall be a permanent improvement within the meaning and for ail the purposes of the Grown Lauds Acts. He moved accordingly, Air. CHANTER was opposed to tho clause us a whole, and was ueMrous of hnving it withdrawn. Ho was willing to have his amend ment withdrawn iu order that ho might have the rest of tho clause omitted. Mr, Brunkcr'a amendment was agreed to. Mr. CHAN TER moved the omission of the remainder oi tlie clause. Tho amcmhueui was negatived on division by 28 votes 10 1 1. Consequent amendments were made in the other subsections. Mr. LAKEMAN moved as a new 6ub-section a loug provision giving power to tho bolder of any freehold estate, conditional purchase ot occupation license the right to a loan from tho Minister to cover or contribute to the cost of eroding raboit- proof fencing, or as a con tribution toward making rabbit-proof, fencing already erected ou certain prescribed condi tions. The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment could not he received as it was not covered by the uiesiage recommending tho necessary ap propriations under tho bill. Air. LAKEMAN moved to report tho point lo the Speaker. On a division the motion was negatived by 23 vote to 13. Mr. LAKEMAN deplored the act of tho Government in not having allowed tho mattor to go to tho Speaker to be decided. It was un precedented. lie would uo\r just ns Boon ser tbe hill dropped. The clause as amended waa then agreed to. Clause 15— 44 Notice of intention to fence." After the clause hud been discussed at consi derable huictli several members suggested (it being 0 o'clock) an adjournment for breakfast. Mr. MLMILLAN said that the Gorcrnmcut had yet to gut through the additional estimates, tho .suppk-mentary estimates and a loan bill. Mr. LHBDS: As fur as the supplementary estimates were concerned they could go through in one vote. Mr. MMtLLAN : If the Government did not get through this business that uight and ita Appropriation Bill on thu following day it would be impossible to close tbo session until after Christmas. It lud beeu decided by tho Government with tiio almost unauimous con sent of the House that a great effort should bo made to close the session before Christmas. Tho Lower Ilouso could conclude its business on Friday and the Upper House would probably meet on Saturday morning and then tbo proro gation could take place ou Monday. If this bill was uot got through by breakfast then it wonld he impossible to deal with it. Mr. CHANTER : Then there's not a ghost of a show of ita being dealt with, Mr. U'MILLAN thought that that being so it Vould bo bettor to movo the Chairman out of the chair. (" Hear, hear".) v Mr. D1BBS agreed with the suggestion I Sovoral other members opposed it. Mr. Melville then (at 6. 10 a.m.) left the chair for it quarter of an hour. On resuming, Mr. CHANTER urged an adjournment for a few hours iu Older that the bill might bo further considered. Mr. URUNKEIl reminded the hon. member that the bill had bceu Leforo the country for tome months. Mr. CHAPTER proceeded to discuss the clause. Mr. INGLIS took exception to the hon. member wandering and meandering over the Act in the mom trivial manner. Mr. CHANTER referred iu uncomplimentary terms to Mr. Ir.glis' ability. The CHAIRMAN urged hon. members to cease recrimination. Mr. BRUNKER pointed out that if the dis trict represented by the hon. member (Mr. Chanter) was not affected by rabbits other districts wcro materially so. If the hon. mem ber continued in his present opposition the bill would bo lost. He urged that a division be como to on the clause. Mr. CHANTER continued in opposition to the clause. Mr. BRUNKER said that it now appeared to him that tho hon. member was dealing with the bill with the deliberate intention of obstructing it. Tho CHAIRMAN said that the hon. member must not charge another hon. member with obstruction. Mr. BRUNKER withdrew the expression, but ho must say that the hon. member was treating. Qho matter in a very trivial manner, nod in (jk very selfish spirit. If the hon. member wcut Ipn in this way he would throw the whole kcsponaibility of defeating the measure, which was a very importaut one so far as the country generally was concerned, upon the hon. member. Mr. CHANTER denied that ho hnd been ob structing the bill, but bo might say that ho proposed to debate the measure clause by clause, and he was willing to take the responsibility of the result of that action. Mr. M'MILLAN : Oh, tho bill is lost; it doesn't matter now. Mr. CHANTER moved to amend the clause by omitting the words, " occupation license or annual lease." ( The amendment was negatived on division by $4 votes to H. The clause was then agreed to on division by $6 votes to 3. Clause 1C. 11 Notice of intention to bring occupation license or annual lease within a group." Mr. CHANTER argued at length against the clause, which, however, was agreed to. t Clause 17. "Groups of holdings." Mr, CHANTER moved to omit the word " adopted" in line 21 of sub-section V1IL and Insert " rabbit proof." Mr. BRUNKER pointed ont that the amend ment was an absurdity. Mr. CHANTER didn't care. He knew it was ioolish. ("Oh, oh.") But Mr. Greeuo had placed it on tho notice paper, and as he had not moved it he (Mr, Chanter) would. (" Oh, oh.") An Hon. Member : A gross waste of time. (" Hear, hear.") The amendinunt was negatived by 26 votes to 2. Mr. BRUNKER moved to insert a new sub section providing that a group of holdings might be subdivided by the board whero the holders of half the group were agreeable. The amendment was agreed to and tho clause D8 amended passed. i Clauses 18 and 11) were agreed to. Clause 20. " Contribution towards the cost and maintenance of rabbit-proof fence." Mr. WADDELL moved as an amendment a eub-section providing that the holder of any land should not have to par for boundary fence until he had made use of it. The amendment was negatived bv 22 votes to 5. Mr. ALISON moved also as an amendment an additional subsection that on the application of the bolder of a resumed area the land board might on sufficient cause being shown, and Gubjcct to appeal, exempt tho owner from a contribution or might reduce tho contribution below one-half the cost The amendment was negatived by 22 votes to 8 and the clause as amended was agreed to. Clauses 21 to 26 were agreed to. f Clause 2G. — " Duty of occupiers and owners to destroy rabbits." Mr. ALISON urged that it would be impos sible for an owner to destroy all rabbits. It should be provided that it should ho the holders' duty to use all lawful and reasonable xneanB. Mr. BRUNKER pointed out that clause 28 provided that the penalty for default shonld apply only when the occupier or owner failed to fully and continuously perform the duty to the best of his means and ability. . After discussion the clause was agreed to. Some consequential amendments were made In clause 27. On the motion of Mr. LYNE it was agreed to omit words in clanse 28 relating to proof of existence of rabbits and of owner's default. Clauses 29 to 31 were agreed to. Clause 82 was amended by making the maximum penalty for killing a natural enemy of the rabbit £20. Clauses 83 and 3d were agreed to. 7- Clanse 36 was amended by making the maxi mum term of imprisonment for impersonating nn inspector six months instead of 12. The remaining clauses were then agreed to pud the preamble passed. The bill was reported with amendments and the report adopted. ADJOURNMENT. ;The House adjourned, at 8.51 o.m. Thursday, December 18. The Bpeakcr took the chair at 4.30 p.m. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. / 'Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. Traill, said be had observed that in the South Australian Parliament an amendment had been finsistcd on reducing the tonnage af a ship "bringing Chinese to that colony from one Chinese to 600 tons to one Chinese to 50 tons. -This was not in accordance with the model bill . agreed upon at the conference held on the sub ject between representatives of the several Australian Governments. Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. 3urns, said the Government was very sensible that tho Friendly Societies Act ought to be 'amended, and at the opening of tho session it was intended to introduce a bill for the purpose. Therefore the Government was sure to intro duce the bill next session, if they lived bo long. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Dr. Ross, gaid there were five surveyors engaged on the survey of the railway from Molting to Parkes and Forbes. The field work would be finished about the end of January, and it was antici pated that the tenders would be invited for the work some time in March next. Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. Tonkin, said he was informed by the Inspector- General of Police that many respec table people frequented the trotting and race meetings held at the Agricultural Society's grounds at Moore Park, but a9 a charge for . admission could not be enforced other nndesir- nble classes attended— women of illfame and members of the criminal classes; children of isight years of aga went also and were seen to $>ut money on the totalisators. With regard to the suggestion that the subsidy to the Agricul tural Society should be withheld until they terminated the agreement with the Driving !Park Clnb, would receive attention. Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. Prank Farnell, for Mr. Haynes, said there were many intricate questions involved iu con nection with the contract for iron pipes in the piatter of tho Potts-hill water supply duplica tion service, and before coming to a decision he had been compelled to seek fnrtber information, when this was before him he would lose no time in finally determining the matter. The whole of the wrought iron part of the work, gained at something like £50,000, had already foeea contracted for. f Mr. BRUCE SMITH, in answer to Mr. ' Slattbry, for Mr. Copoland, said the petitions praying that on submitting the proposed rail way from Glen Innes to Inverell to the Public Works Committee he would also eabinit the -alternative line from Guyru to Inverell had tieen read and fully considered. There was no power unacr too riiDiic >v ones acc to aamit ot alternative proposals being submitted for the , consideration of the Works Committee. Mr. M'MILLAN, in answer to Mr. Slattery for Mr. Crick, said the Railway Commissioners >ad not reduced the pay of their regular staff kt Darling Harbor or elsewhere, nor had they Increased their boars. L Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. VARBOUR, for Mr. Hurley, said the report of the officer commanding the naval forces, made in Jannary, 1890, would receive attention daring tho recces. Sir HENRY PARKES, in answer to Mr. Barbour, for Mr. Hurley, said the following Information has been supplied by the colonel commanding the forces in tho absence of the _ major-general commanding : — Of the 3,000,000 rf solid case cartridges 1,500,000 rounds hare een proved equal to service requirements. The Jeport was withdrawn to enable farther teBts to be applied to the 3,000,000 solid case cartridges. On January 1 last, in addition to the solid case cartridges, there wero 1,640,000 rounds of rolled case cartridges in store, thus making over 8,000,000 roands of rifle ammunition up to proof In tho colony on that dntc. In November last » fnrtber 1,000,000 rounds arrived in the colony, And 1,000,000 more were advised ab shipped in fengland for New South Wales early in the fame month. THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. Sir HENRY PARKESmovod— " 1. That, in he event of nuy vacaucy by death, resignation t>r otherwise in the representation of tho colony In the National Convention, to be held in Sydney in March next, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, is hereby empowered to . appoint a member of the Legislative Council or Assembly, as the case may be, to any such vacancy. 2. That the foregoing resolution be sent to the Legislative Council requesting its concurrence." The motion was agreed to. FORMAL MOTIONS. Tho following motions passed without de bate By Mr. MOI. i.i.an — "That so much of the standing orders be suspended as would preclude the passing of ;t bill, intituled " A bill to autho rise the raising of a loan for the public service of thu colony and for other purposes," through all its stages in one day, and would also pre clude the resolutions ot the Committees or Supply and of Ways and Means respectively, whereon the bill is proposed to be founded, being received on tho samu day on which they were como to by the said committees respec tively." By Mr. Lakkmax— "1. That the Hay Athcniuum Trustees Enabling Bill be referred to a Select Committee, with power to send for persons and papers, for consideration and re port. 2. That such committee consist of Mr. Carrnthers, Mr. Gortuly, Mr. Barbour, Mr. Perry, Mr. Curley, Mr. R. B. Wilkinson, Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Waddeli and the mover." By Mr. O'Sullivan, "That tho report from the Select Committee on 'Adelaide Jubilee Iutercolouial Exhibition,' brought up on De cember 12, 1890, bo now adopted." MARR1CKVILLE TO BUR \Y OOD-ROAD RAILWAY. The SPEAKER read a message from the Legislative Council intimating that they had passed tho Marrickrillo to Burwood-road Rail way Bill without amendment. THE CASE OF MRS. BUTTERLEY. Mr. M'MILLAN, in answer to Mr. Willis, said that iu the case of Mrs. Bntterlcy— whose husband was killed ou the railway— a sum of £100 was granted and that was increased by an additional sum of a like amount. She had no further claim whatever upon the depart ment. PETITION. . Mr. MORTON presented n petition from John Bartholomew Casey, late clerk of Petty Sessions, d c., Kempsey, and visiting magistrate to the Bellinger River, und to Gladstone at the Maclcny River, asking consideration of his claim for a pension for service between the years 1853 and 1883. The petition was received. PAPERS. Mr. M'MILLAN laid on the table a dispatch respecting the Sydney branch of thu Royal Mint. COHMITTEE'3 REPORTS. Mr. DALTON brought up tho report of the Select Committee ou the claims of William Tom, James Tom and J. H. A. Lister on tho first discovery of gold iu Australia. Mr. GOllMLY presented tho report of the Select Committee ou Ryan's conditional pur chase at NVagga Wagga. The reports were ordered to be printed. RABBIT BILL. Mr. BRUNKER moved the third reading of the Rabbit Bill. Mr. WADDELL said he did not wish to interfere with the passing of the bill, but would like to poiot out to tbc Minister in charge of it that clauso 29 provided thai where laud was injured through the existence of rabbits, n cor responding reduction should be made in the rents. He had drawn the attention of the hon. gentleman to the fact that a large number of tenants had had their rents already decided by the laud boards, and could not appeal lo the Land Court. In reply, the Minister had told him that the lessees could not appeal to the Laud Court and still get a reduction. But he found ou looking to the Land Act of 1884 that it was provided that uu1u3S appeals were made under 20 days after adjudication, the' appellants were shut out from remedy. Mr. BRUNKER said that that was provided for in clause 6 of the Act of 1889. Mr. GORMLY was of opinion that tho bill had not, ruceivedithat consideration that it should have received before it became law. He regretted that the Hon. the Minister for Lands had not been able to bring it forward earlier in the session. Last night a number of amendments had been made iu committee and the report was only brought up at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning. In consequence sufficient time hud not been allowed to hou. members to give the amendmeuts proper consideration. He affirmed that tbo bill would not give satisfaction to the country and would cause hardships and distress to a number of people who would be compelled to erect fences while they had actually not tne means to do so. The Government, ho main tained, bad not acted right, cither to the House or tbc country, in delaying bringing forward this bill until the last day of the session and then asking tho House to pass it in one sit- ting. Mr. LAKEMAN blamed the Government for bringing on a incasnre of this natnre at the fag end of tho session and trying to pass it in oae sitting. He wouid vote against the third read ing, as ho believed that in six mouths tho Minister wonld have to come down and ask for its repeal. Mr. BARBOUR, although objecting to the introduction of so many inspectors under the Act and regretting that provision was not made for granting assistance to Bmall holders to enable them to pay for the erection of fences, would rote for the third reading rather than not have any hill at all. The motiou was agreed to on the following division Ayes-— oo. « Sir Henry Parkes Mr. R. B. Wll- Mr. Havlos \ Mr. Garland kinson Lees Faruell Jonc3 Leo M'Mlllaa.'j Molesworth Wheeler Drunker Garrard Olubb O'Connor J .Abigail F. Smith Gould Dowel W. Brown Bruca Smith Stephen' Steveuson Sydnoy Smith Nobba Colls Burns Hawkcn Ewing Tonkin j Barbour Paul Morton Collins Kidd Yirlaa Gruicxshank Heaver Bibbs Willis J. Abbott H. TaylorJ O'Sullivan Cass Want llolborow Torpy Street Copoland Dawson Hutchison Ball MTlae (.Canterbury) Miller Vfaddell M'Court M'Furlane Creer Daugur Hurley Noes, 13. Mr. Howo Mr. Crick Mr. Cbnntcr Wright Walker Schoy Hayes Lakoman / Porry Alison Gormly ' Barnes Dr. Ross. The bill was then read a third time and passed and forwarded to the Legislative Council for concurrence. CENSUS AND INDUSTRIAL RETURNS BILL. Sir HENRY PARKES moved the second reading of the Census Bill. Ho said the pro visions were pretty well known to members. For the first time provision was made for getting a complete return of the industrial operations of the people of tho colony. In other respects it provided for taking the census ia as accurate a maimer as it can well be done. Tho Honso then went into committee to con sider the bill in detail. In reply to Mr. Walker, Sir HENRY PARKES said he did not think it would be possible to ascertain what percent age of men who described themselves as of a particular occupation were not following up their avocation, bat he wouid consult with the Government Statist on the subject. There wonld be a general aggregate return of the unemployed. The bill, without amendments, was reported to the House, and the third reading fixed fer a later stage in the evening. THE ESTIMATES—PRESIDENT OF THE WATER AND SEWERAGE BOARD. The House went into Committee of Supply to further consider the Estimates, certain post poned items in the Works Department being first dealt with. "President of the Water and Sewerage Board, £1000." Mr. BRUCE SMITH said that on the pre vious occasion when the item was voted Mr. DibbB took exception to the president of the board practising his profession. The hon. member had referred to a speech made by Sir Henry Parkes in 1888 ex pressing the opinion that the gentle man would not be allowed to carry on his private business as architect. Mr. Rowe in his profession had been making, according to Mr. Dibbe, £3000 or £4000 a year. When be was ap pointed president of the board, Mr. Rowe contended, he eutered into no stipulation that he Bhould be precluded from practising his profes- sion, and there wa9 a strong flavor of proba bility about his sido of the contention. It was well known that he had a large practice, aid it was improbable that lie would give up £3000 or £4000 a year to take £1000. Mr. Dibbs desired that the House should not vote the £1000 salary for -1891 without the stipulation first being given that he should no longer practise his profession. Speaking as a layman, hon. members would agree with him that whatever might have been the understanding the mere fact that this gentleman had been allowed to go for three years practising his profession and taking his £1000 a year for a portion of the time was sufficient from a buslnes8i let alone a legal point of view for him to continue for the fourth year on the same terms. In a court of law Mr. Rowe would have no difficulty in estab lishing bis right. , Mr. TRAILL s Was his engagement for four years ? Mr. BRUCE SMITH : Section 7 of the Metropolitan Water and Sewerage Act pro vided that members of the board should hold office for four years and section 8 provided that tho Governor-ia-Council might appoint one member to be president. The board was con stituted In March, 1888, so that the members of the board would be appointed until March, 1892\. Mr. Rowe accordingly held the position of president for that time. There wa3 no mis taking his claims to his salary for 1891. Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT : What was his salary at first? Mr. BRUCE SMITH : £900. Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT j Was the appoint ment a permanent one? Mr. BRUCE SMITH: No. Mr. WRIGHT : Wo can reduce tho Balary by £600. Mr. BRUCE SMITH : Ho apprehended that few members would be prepared to take that summary way of dealing with the question simply because Mr. Rowe did not peacefully accept como new conditions which had been imposed upon him. He had read the evidence which ho had given before the Public Works Committee in regard to tho new hospital build ings as it was published in the press, und ho was bonnd to say that it was such an would necessitate liia looking very carefully at the official report when it was published. The services referred to in that evidence were rendered in connection with the hospital before Mr. Rowe received the appointment, it would ecm, therefore, that it could not be considered an alluding hid position as long us ho occupied the pojillou of president of thu board with credit to hituficif and the country. The Govern ment hud come to the conclusion that it was highly desirable in view of tbo very extended work which the president of the board would have for tho future to do that Home gentleman should occupy thu position who should have nothing else lo do. It was intonded during tho ensuing year to enter into fresh arrangements either with Mr. Kowo or some other gentlemen to preside exclusively over tho department. Mr, DIBBS referred to speeches of Sir Henry Parkes and Air. John Sutherland to show that tho alteration now promised should have becu made over two years ago. If they gave the president of the board £1250 a year it would be better than to allow him tho right of private practice. For that sum they could get a thoroughly qualified water and sewerage engi neer, who could at the same time act as presi dent of the board. If the Minister would givo him the assurance that the anomaly should bo remedied lie would be satisfied. Mr, BRUCE SMITH would do so. He wonld givo tbo as9urunco that before thu Estimates were again brought down the holder of tho office should not have the right to practise his profession. The item was agreed to. i MR. WHIT TON'S PENSION. "Difference between tho pension to which Mr. John Whittou, M. Just, C.E., late Kngineer-in-Chief for Railways, is entitled to under the Civil Service Act aud the full salary which no enjoyed during his tenure of office — viz., £1809 per annum — proposed to be given in the form of nn annual addition to his pension as a recognition of his distinguished services to the colony (under the terms of the GOth section of the Civil Service Act), £1125." Mr. BUUCE SMITH said it would be useless for him to affect to bo indifferent to the feeling of tho House respecting this particular item. Some hon. members hud been good enough to inform him as to the nature oi their objections, lie was obliged to those hon. members, as it would enable him to summarite what he knew of Mr. VThUtou's title to this somewhat unusual pension which it was proposed to grant to him. He wouid like to point out to hou. members that the services rcudered by this gentleman unci tho circumstances under which he served his country were equally unusual aud almost unique. He fouuu on inquiry that Mr. Whittou entered into the service of this country as far back as the year 185(5 and did not retire from that service until May 80, 1890. His services, therefore, extended over a period of more than 84 years. He did not retire— aud he asked hon. members to notico this fact us it would havo a distiuct bearing oil the ovcr- liberalily of the proposal, us some people might think it. — until he was upwards of 70 years of age. lie could, had he so chosen, have retired from tho public service many years before he did with probably a very handsome pension. Mr. Goodchap, who stood neater to Air. Whit- ton in length of service thau any other public servant, served the country for a much shorter pericd. and had served in a subordinate position much longer than Mr. Wliiiton did, and yet ho retired in the prime of life with a pension of £900 a year. An Hon. Member : Too much. Mr. BRUCE SMITH : They could not make full of one and flesh of auother, and if Mr. Goodchnp was to receive £900 a year alter a limited service he ventured to think that this proposed pension of £1800 a year was not tuo large under all tho circumstances of the case. If it were no joke it w«3 desirable that that fact Bhould be shown in a serious way. Mr. Whitlon was 70£ years of ago when hu retired, and presuming that he was goinc to have an average lease of life it was not probable that lie would enjoy the pension more than fonr or live years. He did not leave the service uutil he was quite prostrate and not abie to do any more work. He had given tho whole of his life to his country. An Hod. Member : Yes, and was well paid for it. Air. BRUCE SMITH : No doubt ; but ho worked well. Had he with his large engineer ing capacity entered into private practice he would have found little difficulty in earning £1800 n year. Air. HAYNES : Ia it not a fact that pen sioners live longer than anyone else ? (Laughter.) Mr. BRUCE SMITH: Mr.Goodcbap retired with a pension of £900 a year in the prime of life, and Lie might enjoy it for 20 or 25 years. But if Mr. Whitton lived to the age of 75 he would only enjoy his £1800 a year for four years. It "was beneath the dignity of the House to wa9te time in discussing a paltry amount of some £1200. Somu complaiuts had been inade as to tbc manner in which Air. Whitton had carried out some of his work. But at that time there was no Public Works Commit tee to criticise either the works or thu expendi ture thereon. The whoio responsibility of determining the cost, the direction and the details of building up tho whole of tho railway system rested oil Air. Whitton'a shoulders. The Government as a whole felt justified in award ing this pension to Mr. Whittou. The sugges tion did uot emanate from himself but was the desire of the whole of the Cabinet, aud he believed a majority of the House would confirm the wishes of the Government. Air, LYNE said he rose with some degree of pain to more tho reduction of the item, because no one could recognise more fully thau ho did the groat works which had becu carried out by Air. Whitton under the difficulties with which he had to contend. But they had the country to look after as well as Air. Whittou. For a long period he drew a very largo salary and was very well paid, because when he com menced his services the railways had not grown to those gigantic proportions that tbey bad now assumed. He thought it a moat enormous thing that the House should be naked to vole a pension equal to the salary paid when this gentleman was in full work. His pension should be at least £1000, hut he was opposed to granting the largo sum of £1800. Sir H. PARKES aaid he should like to say a few words before the amendment was made. Mr. LYNE. in deference to the wish of the Premier, deferred making his amendment until Sir Henry Parkea had spoken. Sir HENRY PARKES said he believed 34 years had elapsed since he first made the ac quaintance of Air. Whitton, and during that time ho had had every opportunity of examining his conduct. lie, him self, as doubtless hon. members were fully aware, was no advocato for pensions ofanykiud. (" Hear, hear.") He should never think it was against the good of the country if there was no system of pensions, and if the Civil servants had to depend, us other persons had to do, ou their own exertions to provide for a time when they could no longer discbarge tho duties to which they bad bceu accustomed. Therefore he could not be accused of favoring pensions, hut he ventured to think that if ever a country was justified in conferring a handsome pension on any servant this was a case whero justification came in. Mr. Whitton came to the colony soon after the advent «f responsible government ; he was, in fact, the father of all the railways in the colony. The whole of our railway system was attributable to the skill of this eminent engineer. No doubt he had made what, in the light of later developments, might appear to be mistakes, but they must remember that when Air. Whitton entered Into the Govern ment service the country was not what it was now. It was in a state devoid of information compared with the present time. The interior of tbc country was comparatively a blank and ho had, if he might use the words, to grope his way to a large extent in Btrikiug tbc railways through the interior of the country. No one who did not make allowances for the time when Mr. Whitton arrived in the country could possibly appreciate the services of this valued servant and what was due to him. (" Hear, hear.") He remembered well firot meeting Air. Whitton, a day or two after his arrival, at St. Alarys, where he had gone to make inquiries for the extension of the v from Parramatta. He became ac- quainted with bim then and had 6ince become more intimate with him than most of the public servants. Ho had watched Mr. Whitton'a career carefully and had becomo convinced that he was no ordinary man. If ho were called upon to describe Mr. Whitton'a principal characteristics, he should denominate them as streugth, simplicity and directness of purpose. Auyoue who came in contact with him could not fail to be struck with these characteristics, lie would call the attention of hon. members to what the value to this country of these qualities really meant. Air. Whitton was an engineer of unquestioned competence, who with the cre dentials ho brought here and his own conduct afterwards established for himself a high position of influence, rendering it impossible for him to swerve from the aim of bis life. Through out the whole of his career there never was a person in any class of society who dared to asperse his character for strict probity and Btrict directness of purpose. If ever there was an honest public servant, Mr. Joho Whitton was that man. (" Hear, hear.") No person had been hardy enough to question his sterling honesty of purpose. If ever there was a time for a call on the generous patriotism of the country, this was a case where thev should not higgle about pounds or hundreds "of pounds. If he was to he pen sioned, why then pension him in tho handsome manner that became a great public servant. If they looked at what was done in large private ustabliBhrnente, they wouid see that in the Aus tralian Alutual Provident Society when the late secretary (Air. Ralston) retired after a compara tively few years' service he was pensioned off at £1500 a year. Mr. LYNE : I don't tlunk they had a right to do it. Air. WALKER: There wa9 a great row about It. Sir HENRY PARKES : If thero was a row about it, as it was elegantly termed, the pension was awarded by tho directors, who were tho best judges of his services. Thoy bad the heat opportunity, and whatever tho policy-holders might have thought of it they who came into cloao coutnet with him, Mr. Ralston, appraised his services at £1600 a year pension. His argument was this that the country if it was exceptionally served by men singularly gifted, and Air. Whittou as an engineer was a great man and would have made his mark any where, as he undoubtedly made bis mark hero by having built our railways in a way which forever would be a credit to tho country, it should substantially rccogniso thu services. Tho trustworthiness of tho railways, their strength, their durability, were beyond nIL question. Tho highest economy could be com bined witli tho highest generosity on tho part of the country in dealing with public servants of this character. If tho House assented to giving this pension to Mr. Whitton for the few short years that remained to him it would do honor to itself, and ho was perfectly sure that the taxpayers of the country, if tho case were faithfully put before them, would concur with tho pension. (Cheers and dissent.) His judgment was as good as that of any hon. member and he believed thoroughly that if the people of the country had the case put before them, believing as he did that the people of this country were a generous people, where there was a just causa for generosity — (cheer?) — they would concur with this Legislature in handsomely dealing with this well-tried and faithful public servant. (" Hear, hear.") Alinistcrs had endeavored to get somu person to succeed Air. Whitton from tho mother country, and they could not obtain the services of any person with any pretence to the capability, tho capacity and the character of Air. Whitton for less than 50 perceut. move than the salary that he was paid. ("Hear, hear.") They could not at this moment obtain the services of any engineer of established character like Air. W hi lion at any sum approaching the salary for which he had served the couutry. But there was a much lower way of putting it. It would be admitted that, compared with Air. Whitton, Air, Goodohap was an inconsiderable public servant ; he was in otlice as Commissioner for Railways for a much less period, aud yet ho retired with a pension calculated at three- quarters of hw salary. Without saying one word depreciatory of Air. Goodchap ho sub mitted that Air. 'Whitton was entitled to at leuit £1350. But was it worth while iu the case of an old and faithful public servant like this to quibblo about £200 or £300? He was opposed to pensions altogether, aud would give his vote for any intelligent proposal mado to Parliament for their abolition, and if entertain ing those views and after having watched evory act of Mr. Whitton'a official life from tjio time that he arrived in the colony he felt that tho full amount of his salary might well bo afforded to him for the rest, of his life, surely his opinion ought to command some consideration. He left thu matter in the hands of tho committee with the hope that Mr. Whittou would be dealt with nt least as generously ns tho late Commis sioner for Railways, Air. Goodchap. ("Hear, hear.") Aud on the same calculation hu wonld receive three-fourths of his salary— viz., £1350 per aunuui. Air. LYNE said that the speech of the Premier might tend to lead members to criticise the other side of Air. Whitiou's character. But he would not do that. He, as Aliuister for Works, could endorse all that the Premier hnd said in recard of the iutcgrity of Mr. Whitton. While he'was Minister he took no man's advice with so much confidence as he did Air. Whittou's. He hoped tlint if the Government was going out oi the colony to get an eugineer- in-chier it would go to a new country like America to get one. ("No, no.") Several hon. members : Why not give our own country a show ? (" Hear, hear.") Sir HENRY PARKES : Ministers have deter mined to try the next in authority on the staff. (" Hear, hear.") Air. LYNE; He was very glad to hoar it. ("Hoar, hear.") He understood that the best engineers in America did not receive more than £1800 or £'2000 a year. Mr. Whitton, although the highest public servant in the country, re ceived tho highest salary also. ("Hear, hear.") But the people of the country had to pay these pensions. Sir HENRY PARKES: Remember you have been Minister for \Vork9. Atr. LYNE said that he should like to move a reduction to £L0U0 a year. Several hon. members: £1200. ("Hear, hear.") Atr. BRUCE SMITH suggested that if Air. Lync was to make a reduction he should do it upon the same basis as the pension gruuted to Mr. Goodchap. Mr. Whitton had retired at the ago af 71 years a chronic iuvalid, with no chance of after service. Air. LYNE moved that the item he reduced by £075. ("Hear, hear.") Mr. GAlvVAN had been for many years an advocate of reduced salaries where the country demanded them. But there were times when eucIi a thing would be the very worst possible thing for the country. ("Hear, hear.") The expenditure which recognised souud and honest service was always justified. Air. Whitton for over 30 years had served the colony faithfully and well. He had become broken in health and had passed to the verge of the grave, and he appealed to every mau with a spark of patriot ism iu him not to touch ouo shilling of this money. It would be au insult aud an outrage, and he hoped that the House would iu no way assent to U. (Cheers.) Mr. HAYNES would vote against the item altogether. He hoped that the Premier would soon put into practice his professed principles of being opposed to pensions. Atr. WALKER agreed with Mr. Haynes. Mr. KING said that the pension granted to Air. Ralston was £1200 n year, and not £1500, aa stated by the Premier. The pension was so strongly disapproved of by the policy holders of the society that it led to the resignation of tbo directors. Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT thought it advisable that they Bhould be very careful in matters of this kind. They had nothing to do with Mr. Whitton'a private character, but the real ques tion was bad he any fair and proper claim for this extra payment. If it could be shown that he had been treated in an unfair way he (Mr. Abbott) wonld be one who would vote tor making up for that uufairness. He would he willing to vote for a portion of the increase— say, up to £1000 a year. Mr. SCHEY rose to speak, but was met with continued cries of "Question " and " Divide." The CHAIRMAN had to call the House to order once or twice, and intimated that if he had again to call for order he would be com pelled to name the lion, member who might be guilty of disorderly conduct. Mr. SCHEY (proceeding) said they had listened to a good deal oi sentiment on this question, hut sentiment should not be their guide in granting pensions, When Air. Whitton came out to the colony he was certainly not considered to be an engineer. (" Hear, hear.") There had been a peculiar set of circumstances duriug thu whole of his services in this colony by which a large amount of money had gone into the pockets of his brotjier-in-law, Sir John Fowler, which never ought to have gone there. He would point out—("No, don't;" "Ques tion " Divide.") The CHAIRMAN again appealed for order and intimated that it would be the last time he should bo appeal. Mr. SCHEY was proceding to discuss Mr. Charles Fowler's evidence before a select com mittee, when the Chairman ruled him out of order. Mr. HURLEY moved — "That the question be now put." This was agreed to on division by 47 votes to 2G. Tbo amendment to reduce the item £1125 by £525 was agreed to on division, as follows : — Ayks 02. Air, Wright Mr. Traill Air, Chanter Lyuo Torpy Creer Lovlon Tonkin M'Court Alolcaworth Hayes Abigail Cans O'sullivan J. Abbott HUtas Waddeli Leo Olubb Mawthornoj Clarke Colls Plumb Lakeman Walker Hurley Suaver Hutchison Garland Howo (Glen lanes) J. Wilkinson; Collins Garrard Alleu Paul Perry M'Farlane Nicoll fico Ball Greene Wymam Brown Crulokshank Copoland Barnes King Jone3 Kidd Barbour Lccs Stevenson! Gormly Kdmunds WIllU A'ileokctt Millar Dolborow Tookey Schoy Curley Dawson iDoive! Noes, 21. Sir Henry Parkes Mr. Vivian Mr, Garvan Mr. O'Connor Rawkon Baynea Gould Ritchie Shepherd B. Smith Hutchison Cullcn M'Millau (Canterbury) Wheeler Drunker Farnell Datigar Curruthers Morton . Hassull Kwing. Air. O'SULLIYAN explained that he paired with Mr. Inglis and voted by inadvertance. The CHAIRMAN then put the question that tho sum of £525 be granted, explaining that if tbiB were negatived Mr. Whitton would only receive the amount to which he was ' entitled under the Civil Service Act. The motion was negatived as follows i— AYES, 37. Mr. Brunkor Mr. M'MllInn Mr, O'Connor Gould Carrnthers ; Beaver Garvan Torpy Ritchie Tonkin Wheeler Shepherd ilavrkea MVFarlauo Lee Crulokshank Dangar llolborow Bruce Smith Sir Henry Parkes O'SuHlvan Culleu Mr. Lovien Garland Tletcucr Hutchison - Lyuo Hayes (Canterbury) Parnoll See Clarke Vlviuu Morton Plumb ' Greeuo - Wymuu Brown liwing. Noes, 49, Mr. Stephen Mr. Crick Mr. J. Wilkinson Chanter Porry Howo Collins Barbour Creer Garrard llaynoa ,'Kicoll Hurley Miller Lakoman Stovenson Hassnll Wright Willis Hutchison Paul Toohcy (Glen Inues) i Traill Kidd Walker .-Copoland AUen Wnddoll Abigail Edmunds Joseph Abbott < Colls Club M'.Court Barnes King Gormly Lcch JJaweon Schoy Dowel Hawthorne I Cues I Ball A'Beokctt M'Uao Jone3 Moleaworth Curley. " To meet the abatement which should in the terms of the Civil Service Act be deducted from tho pension of the late Engincer-in-Chief for Railways, £1301." Atr. KIDD protested against the abatoraent in this ease, which, if granted, would enable Air. Whitton to receive u penaiou of £675 per annum. He could not see tho justice of this when there bad been a great reduction in tbe allowance to numerous lower paid officials in the service. Air. BRUCE SSIITH explained that every civil servant \va9 supposed to deposit 4 per cotit. of his salary per annum in order to make up a superannuation fund. A large number of civil servants had served tho country prior to the passing of the Act, and unless somo exceptional steps were tafceu it be came necessary tor them to make up the 4 per cent, during tho back years they had served tbe couutry before.the Act came into force. If this system of making up the 4 per ceut. were not followed out thu older the civil servants got tho less they would receive. It might happen that thu services of somo of them ran so far back iu the history of the country that when they came to deduct tho many accumulated 4 per cents. Binco the passing of the Superannuation Act, ail the 4 per cents, that an officer was liable to before the statute came into force, not only would his pensiou be reduced. but an actual debit would he created. ("Hear, Hear.") Ho could understand hon. members bringing in a bill to abolish pensions or dealing with them in somo other broad com prehensive spirit ; but ho could not understand them suddenly takiug out one civil servant and crucifying him for the sake of showing their disapproval. He was in favor of pensions himself : but if they wcro to be abolished the civil servants should have nt least some notice. If the claim were uot agreed to, Mr. Whitton would be entitled to a pension of only £356. After further discussion the item was agreed to ou division by 58 vote lo 18. SUPPLEMENTARY ESTIMATES. "Further Supplementary Estimates, £200, 500." Atr. M'MILLAN said that when he made his financial statement he announced that it was his intention to place £150,000 on tho Supple mentary Estimates for lurtber repairs to roads and bridges owing to the disastrous floods in the country some nine months ago. Hu promised thai if circumstances warranted it and tho strike was ended he wonld grant an additional subsidy of 5h iu tho £ to munici palities. Ho bad now much pleasure in currying out his promise, aud although somo hon. members might say that lie was more dis tinguished tor broken pledges than for anything else, yet at this particular time of the year he wa beginning to keep his word. (Cheers.) Air. CRICK thought there was no credit due to tbe Coloninl Treasurer for his action, as he was only obcyiug the orders of the House. The vote was then agreed to. ADDITIONAL ESTIMATES. Additional Estimates, 1801, "Legislative Council— clerk of Parliaments £40 and clerk assistant £60 increase in salary," and " Per manent and volunteer military forces, £4074," were agreed to. Colonial Secretary—" Charitable allowances, £47,150." Tiio vote was agreed to. "Miscellaneous services, .ilS.SOO.'1 In reply to Air. O. O. DANGAli, Air. M'MILLAN said the sum of £1500 had been placed on tho Estimates as compensation to Mr. Heury Bayliss, P.M., Wagga, for his conduct in opposing armed bushrangers iu 1SG3. He gave chase to the men aud was fired at and seriously injured. Air. CRICK condemned the items of £1000, special grant, for improvements to Machattio Park, Bathurst, and the gratuity of £500 to Mr. Charles Aloorc. Air. HAYNES moved that the item "Gra tuity to Mr. Charles Atoore, director Botanic Gardens, in appreciation of his services in con nection with tho Centeuuiai-park, £600," bo reduced to £250. On a division the amendment was negatived by 44 votes to 21. Air. MORTON moved tho omifisiou of the item of £100 as a special fund to the Grafton Rowing Club. Air. M'MILLAN explained that the club had done good service in the past iu saving life and property in times of flood. As the club's sited was destroyed during the late flood, it was proposed to grant this sum to permit the structure to be rebuilt. The amendment was negatived on a division by 48 votes to 12. Air. JIAYNES movo! the reduction of the item "Bathurst Municipal Council, for improve ments to Alachattie Park, £1000," by £750. After discussion the amendment was nega tived on the voices ami tho item as printed agreed to. Atr. CASS moved the reduction of the item "Compensation to Henry Baylis, P..M, Wagga, for services rendered in opposing armed bush rangers in .1803, £1500," by £500. Tho amendment was negatived by 89 to 18. Air. CASS then moved the reduction of the item by £-100. Tho CHAIRMAN said he could not accept such an amendment. After the vote just taken he could uot regard that as a substantial reduc tion, and could not accept it. Air. CASS insisted on his motion and moved that the committee dissent from tbc Chairman's ruling. The matter in dispute was then referred to the Speaker. The SPEAKER rnled that the reduction was of a sufficiently substuutial character to war rant the Chairman in accepting it. On the resumption of the Committee Mr. Cass' amendment was negatived and the vote then agreed to. "Administration of Justice," £7G2 17a 4d, and "Secretary for Mines and Agriculture." Agreed to. LOAN ESTIMATES. The House proceeded to consider the Loan BstimntGH. Mr. LYNE appealed for an adjournment as the House was physically incapable of criticis ing the various items, Mr. M'AHLLAN declined to accede to the request. Mr. DIBBS pointed ont tho importance of thuso estimates, but extravagant though thoy were, he urged that they be passed that sitting in globo and let the Government take the responsibility of them. The wholo vote (£7,021,767) was then sub mitted. 