GENERAL NEWS. ? ♦ ? ? On Wednesday Mr. Sale proceeded to Yfl garnin the interests of the Methodist Church of this Colony. The onlv nlace at which rain was record ed to have fallen for the twenty-four hours previous to 9 o'c'ock this morning was Bun bury at which O 02 of an inch was register ed. A meeting of the Chamber of Mannfac tures was held at tbe Mechanics* Institute on Wednesday evening, when the rules were passed. Under the heading of special steam notices, in our advertising columns, the Adelaide Steamship Company announce the Bob Boy to leave Fremantle for Bun bury and Vasse, on the 3rd* proximo, at 10 ajn., at excursion rates for those desirous of visiting the Vasse Show, return ing to Fremantle on the following Friday evening or Saturday morning. Some important reduced freight notices by the Adelaide Steamship Company appear in our advertising columns, one of which states that the freight on floor by the ejb. Flinders leaving Adelaide on the 29th instant has been fixed at 25s. and for general cargo at 30s. Last Wednesday, at a meeting of the Fre mantle liberal Association,a letter was read from Dr. Jam eson,on minting to contest one of the Fremantle constituencies at the forth coming general election, and leaving the choice of the constituency to be contested to the Association. It was decided that Dr. Jameson should, contest the North Freman tle electorate, for which Hr. W. S. Pearse is a candidate. An announcement to this effect appeals in our advertising columns. On 'Change yesterday Centra's were offered at 20s. without buyers. InPrasers a sale took place at 7/6. 6/ being offered for Pi asets South (pro), with setters at 10s. For Exchange (pro) 1/1 was offered, with sellers at 1/6, 3d., being offered for con tributing with sellers at Is. For 'Bunbury Tin 6d. was offered, without sellers. For Stanley Brewery S3 was offered, with sel lers at 20s., JE26 10s. being offered for W.A. Bank, without.eeHeis. Last Wednesday the opening and dedication of the Soot's Church Fremantle — a full diacription of which we shall pub lish to-morrow — was celebrated by a special service. The opening service at 4 p.m., was well attended, all available seat ing accommodation being fat™ up. There was a large number of visitors from Perth, among those present being the Hon. J. Forrest, Mr. W. S Pearse, Mr. F. A. Moseley, Dr. Hope and the Rev. J. John ston. Ihe service was conducted by the Ber. D. Sbearer,|M.A., and.Bev. R. Hanlin; and the former preached a sermon specially adapted, to the occasion. Special hymns were rendered by the choir. Evening service was held at 7*30 The collec tions taken in aid of the building fund amounted to £23. The opening services will be continued next Sunday at 11 a.m., 3~15 p.m. and 7*30 p.m. A strike has occurred at the Jarrahdale Timber Mills, in consequence of the men, some 200 in number, asking for an increase in their wages of Is. per day. At present they receivs 8s. per day of ten hours. An offer of 6d. per day increase ha.3 been re fused. The Fremantle Football Club have a balance of JB10 3s. in hand, after deducting a weekly allowance, from the accident fund, paid to one of the members, who was injured while playing in a match. There was a clean sheet at the Fremantle Police-court yesterday. A correspondent signing himself ' West Perth' writes : — 'Can youkindly inform me when Mr. W. Traylen. is going to address the electors of West Perth. I hear he does not intend to give public utterance to his views; if bo all! can say is that he will lose a considerable amount of support, for I know several of his own supporters — men who had pledged themselves to him ,promise another candidate on the ground that they are not content with the utter balderdash in tiiis sentleman'R manifesto. I have beard that it is that he does not care to pay for the Hall, or the advertisements conven ing the meeting; if this be so lie will not suit me. I want a liberal man — one who will spend his own money (and I have not seen Mr. Traylen do much in this time yet) as well as that of the country. And again, let me say if he intends to spend the coun try's money and will not venture his own be is not lie man we want. At all events let us hear what he proposes to do ; we do not want the rubbish he has written in his private circulars about the past. Let him have the courage to meet the electors face to face, if he be not afraid that his vast political career will come up like a ghost before him.' H.M.S. Penguin will leave Fremantle on Tuesday next en route to Hobart, where she wQl lay up for three months. After wards she will proceed to Sydney, and then survey the coast towards Fort Darwin. A partial eclipse of the moon took place at about 9-15 last Wednesday night, but it was onlysligfatly visible here. Our Special Reporter at Geraldton, wiring late yesterday, states: — 'The Coralie Troupe proceed to Fremantle by the ejs., South Australian to night The discovery of auriferous quartz at Turn, 130 milts from. Geraldton, is still causing much ex citement, and shares in tbe venture are moving rapidly. Mr. H. J. Sannders has been appointed broker for tbe company at Perth.' ?' A Xjover of Music' writes as follows : — I notice that the Fremantle Musical Associ ation and Fremantle Orchestral Society are rehearsing Handel's Messiah for Christmas. Now as the Perth Musical Union generally performs this great work at this festive period of the year, might I suggest that for once Fremantle and Perth combine, and thus give greater effect- to the beauties of. Handel's noble work than either society could do independently. Two or three joint practices 'would suffice, and the Mes siah coutit* g-ven both at Perth and Fre mantle. 1 he arrangement would no doubt be. much appreciated by Sir William IJobinson, and a chorus of between two or three hun dred with an orchestra of 30 or 40 perform ers wonld be most attractive to the public, and se ;ure good audiences. Mr. M. F. A. Canning addressed a large gathering of. East Perth electors at Weld Square last Wednesday. Bespoke at consid erable length, ai d with bis usual clearness, and was accorded amoit respectful h-«win.;r Oa Saturday evening Mr. Canning again addresses the electors at the Perth Town HalL Mr. H. J. Sannders addressed the electors of the Canning District last Wednesday at the new.HalL The Chair was taken by Mr. Gibbs, and there was a large attendance of electors. Mr. Saunders made an excellent speech, in which he traversed the ground covered by bis Perth address, and at bis conclusion the iwnfanti that ^a was a fit and proper ««'Kfl»*ft was unanimously carried. Yesterday the Defence Commission arriv ed in Perth from Albany. The names of the Commission we have already given. They have fully examined Sing George's Sound and are satisfied that an inner )mo of defence should be at once constructed there. The Commission left Perth to- day in order to examine the site of the Freman tle fortifications. This eveaing they return to Perth and start for Albany again to morrow. It is notified in to-day's (rosette that a holiday from December IQth prox. to Janu ary 15th, 1891, will be allowed on the Til gam goldfields during which period the labour conditions of the Goldfield Regu lations will not be enforced. A meeting of the North Ward. Free Electorate Association was held last Wed nesday,at the Beaufort Arms Hotel. Daring the proceedings a considerable amount of business was got through,and various local political subjects of the day, comprising Free Trade and Protection, State aid to faa-m^ra, the alteration of the franchise and other matters were discussed. Several new members were added to the ranks of the Association, which is gradually becoming a power in political circles. The sale of land at Subiaco held by Messrs. Hugh McKernan & Co. last Satur day gave strong evidence of an early ad vance in the price of suburban lands. Toe amounts realized in many instances were more than double the upset prices, .£17 15s. being the highest. Upwards of 100 lots were sold when the sale was dosed for the day, Mr. McrTeraan announcing at the fame that the remainder would probably be offered for sale en tJsat day fortnight. Mrs. O'Shea, the respondent in the recent divorce suit of O'Shea versus Parnell, inherited last year £50,000. 