The Man in The Mask; on, A Desperete Stiratiagem. TOLD rY AN Ex DETECTV'B. During. four months" The Man in the Mask" was a celebrily in Winelit and around the place for several miles. Ile weas also a mystery. Hise existenc eould notbe doubted even by those who hadneltseen him, because the stories told of his ooaeional appearances were so olear and circumetantial as to be ab solutely convincing., Those who hadrseen him remembered the meeting pvith pain. His interviews with the tow persons La had chosen to favor,.with hie attention wero usually short, sharp and alarmingly earnoest. Ho demanded all the money, the watch,and any other articles of yalueo which the person whom he confronted chanced to have in his possession, and the demand was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was in. timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full. In the face of the person whoso goode were required. The men who had nme " The Man in the MIask," and continued their way much poorer in consequence, could not dereribe him. HIie face was completely covered by a dark grey meek. They cdnld only seo he was a big fellow, with a hunch on his back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that his voice was deep and gruff. The people in WVinoliff did not know any man who anewered to that Im perfect description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than live miles distant from Winaliff, yet to everybody in and around the place the dating robber was a mystery. In no instance had the hnysteriosu Man in the Muak fond it neceseary to inetot bodily injury in order to securo the booty he sought. But the fact that he weas .a robber who re vived the practices of the highwayman of old was eslloiently disquieting. It might be some ohivalroue sentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pockets of men whose all was but a little. Be appearedonly to those who were reputed rich and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest means. lie was, there. fore, very naturally sot down in the minds of all law-respecting persons as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty. The performance ol the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to the task of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in the Mask. One evening in February a gentleman named Helham was driving towards Y}in. cliff. His vehicle was a light gig, in which he frequently travelled long distances, and displayed all the good pointo of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby et his youth, which did not appear to lose anyof its strength though his ago was in the filties,was to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that oexpensive taste in all seasons. Mlr. Welbom was driving towards WlInclif, Intentdng to patronise its well known hostelry, the IRoebuck Inn, for the night, and to drive over the twenty-two miles of road that lay between Wincllf and London on the follow. ing morning. The night had fallen ouddenoly. The sky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than five miles from the intended hballing-place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal conmort for man end beast that wero t hbe found at the inn, when an event occurred that gave a very differont tone and character to his thoughts. Mr. Welham was approsehing a point whers a wide, graesylane opened on' the high road. When near that point, a mounted man suddenly emerged from the lane and reined up leis horse In the centra of the road as it to bar his progress. Mr. Welsam peered into the rider's faco as he approsohed him. It would be more exact to say he looked inequir. ingly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a face. " Stop I" was shouted in a mufilod voice. Tlee stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly soen filrmly grasped in his hand, the muzzle of whilo loohedl like a round, dull, black eye, staring menaoingly into Mr. Weltam's face. In an instant thle gentlneman realised that he was in the presence of the reddubtable Men in tlia Mask. Why lshould I stop? Who ar you to givesauch an order?"' xclaimed Mr. Wolbhom, at the same tlime, however, pulling up his horse as its head nearly tounhod that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. a Stop to save your life, If you think it worth saving. If your horse moves a yard I'll stop hlim withll a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, it you like. You see, I hold your life in my honds; but I don't want your life if I can get your money witllhout It. Iam desperate, and I can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt; refuose, and the next in. stant you will be a dead nman, and I will take what I want." It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest voice that came from behind hlie rncsle. The words were not spoken in a way lthat gave any hblnt of agitation or passlon. The volo was probably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted that tihe hearer could not doubt the speaker meant to do all Ihao sld- oven to murder-rather than permit his victim to evodoor frustratlo himn, t What do you want 7" I. Wollhem snold, recognising tllo neceseity for coneing to terms with his aesallait. SMoneyle . and overytlhling I may turn ointo money. Quik I Your purso, yor watch, your jewels. Lay them In my lancd-all. Dropl the reines, If you attempt to eoonpe or to resist you will force me to murder. Qulick I -usd hewareoi Ti'o lan Ite lhn Bsl( walked eis hlrro to ithe side at tiei gig, hooppingle, \Velletan co. vnrred wlith ie rovolvrr ulntil theu eeinunl of I Ilie weapon nearly touched ls11 oar, 'lIn I grntlletnen Instantly drolaldel thnt le must I sulmetll to the robbery cn thie lalt of two evilsn brtween whleh he wan ennpoelrel to celren.e, 'I'hn lrocperty cic nneecec wee pic e crl Il tIe I roeelcr'e lleft Ihandl 11I trane r lI Ired to a piocet in the side of thee lumpg durle elult eeI wcrr, whelclh ompllully couvered li mu fromlu tIer care to t In he ou, " You have robbed me of everylthiei," Mr. Welhham anid, hoping the licn in tio Mauck wuuolld accep t ihnt irsttetivon thalt his buai nIta'3 ecomplCted nod peraeit too victim to pursue his cray. "Not yet. You have a book, or ease, that maybtfiUcllcdlwith vale b papers." "'Only a few letters and papers relating to business." "I want none of them. But bring out your book and open every scrap of the paper before me. Do not try to cheat me, mind." ' " Cheat /' repeated Mr. Wlham, particu. larlyemphasieisg theword. He produced his pooket book, however, and proceeded to open each paler it con. tained, so that the robber, in the light aflorded by the gig.lamp, could discover its oharacter. From an inner pooket of the book the masked man directed him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound notes. It is hardly necessary to add that the robber immediately caused them to be placed in his hand. He directed Air. 'Welham to scouro his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horse and drive back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return; but if he attempted to follow the Mask, the consequences would be fatal. Half an hour after his unpleasant adven tore on the road, Mr. Welbham arrived at the Roebuck, in Winelif, His first care was for his horse, which was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journey. When he had seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught of brandy and water, and asked, the nearest way to the police station. "The polieos station, air I I hope none of the moen about our place have been uncivil? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any inoivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one in the Roobnuk," said a man, who appeared to hbe the actual manager of the rstabliehmont,and second in authority to Mr. HIilyard only, who was the landlord of tboh inn. " No, no; I've nothing to say against any. body at the inn; but I have busines at the station, Is Mr. Hilyard at home?" "Yes, sir. He was here a few minutes ago. Shall I ring for him 1" " Do, pleaee." The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made his appearance alter a few neconds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenoancoo, and generally well-fed appearance, toldof good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a decidedly pleasing impres. sion. "I want a word with you, landlord," said Mr. Welham. S"At your service, sir. Will you stop in heroe?" said the obliging IBoniface, opening a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that was used as an ofioe, and was also the "governor's" private room downstairs. Sir. Wolhbm stepped in, and immediately told Mr. HIlyard of his encounter with the Alaon in tbob Mask. The landlord was sorry and indignant at the same time. "I've tried all I can to find out the follow, and I believo the detective otilce in London is looking after him, but it doesn't seem tobe a bit of use. II e comes and ho goon like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few months, but nobody seems abl to guess where he comes from, nor where he goes to. He's a real puzzle, air." I " Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine in money and goods just now. I thought it best to tell'you, beoause you may put other gentlemen on their guard. I must give information atthepolice ofiee. Where is ill" " Only a few minutes' walk,' I'll send a man to show you." " Yes; I've lost too much time already." The landlord opened his door and spoke to his manager. " Call Brown at once. The Mask is out toenight, it seems. This gentleman was robbed a few miles from here,sand wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the station." Brown was soon in attendance. The rob bery was reported in the elation, the stolen property described, and once moro the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capture of thu Alan in the Mfask. It happened that the discovery of the rob. ber, who committed his depredations in a style so much like that of highwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the gentleman who had tuotered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Weiham's return from the polico station he was in the emoke-room of the inn, when the manager approached him. "Mr. Hilyard wishes to speak to you, if you can spare a minute,"ho said. "loan spare ten minutes it Mr. Ililyard has anything particular to say." "Ise will see you in his private room, if you please. Hle says the matter is import ant."! Mr., TWelham went to the little room be. .fore described, and was much struck by the esrious expressioan of the landlord's faces. " You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why 1 disturbed pyou. A man from the station has been here. He tolls ma some money has been stolen, and that the nov. ereignes hlave a peculiar mark. If any sov ereigns with that mark comes into my hands I am to ask tbh person who oilers it where he got it, so thlat it may be traced back to thie thief, Was there a mark of any kind on the rgold you have lost 1" "Yes; thero were six sovereigns in my purse, and a small re, with a fine line before and alter it, were scratalhed under thie head oa each," Mr. Wellhae, replied. "That is the mark the policoeman ds. scribed, I see now it was your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I oau tell Ie thlat I gave a sovereign in clange, with just such a mark, nlot more than a quartor of an hour before I heard of it," STlhat Is aetonishing I Are you euro the mark was exactly like mine?" " Yes. I cannot hbe quite positive about the lines, but I remember the to distinctly, nod I believo there was alilttlasratel betare ased after the letter, just as it they were itended to shut it in, like," " I'reclsely." "I noticed It when my man gave it to mn, I had sent him out in the a ternoon to eel. lsr a tow semal acoeunts, nseed he didn't come bacrk uhtil after you arr red. Then ho was drunk, sle had got only one pound seven from one of soy eustomers, and when lea paid it in I sent him off to bed, That marked sovereign was the ons bie pald ma, and I looked at it olosely at tlie time, I must got rid of him," "I must seo him at onoo, oir. Ae your man iterso you one roveralaes bearing my easrk ieo may hlave ruors. lie bay he tlb aicehed robber lieleucif, or le nuest lenow wierro ie ee o be foecnd, I insist on tie nceen'e beisg lueationod acid sunrehad I" lir. WYelliim exelelelaed, excltedly, " II ee only estueral hleet you eleould, sir, ned I cc cwivllneg I0 ell yoee tee every wey, UIet, yec nee, it wvoelid he Ititlee ieee, tleecee rseete to reu it a sujpiele tol out tise a ciligihway robeleer wee, ocen eel ny eeervenecte, leneet chilt ill tel, tenoure. \eV Ieneet bu ciiile iee irove ii, 'lieu, I ehleil tecti ieee to debith eicce, eeee theet will reoiee cii euuelulano froeee t1e teecec He.'' hee eau l w it we or'te ihihiee ieeie 11ev cee,, eee ce 'cae ic. lenr II cee'eei' o e dreee hele wd'eet aced eueeeo to eolio la" Mlr. e'ellletci cc. aletreiede Ito was IOn far tone in licpiu:r t., at ahe any attempt to aowipe before nmoe time in ithe uoronig. I will send a line to the eta. Lion asi.iong for two men to be centl h re directly, or you may send the note. When thr nen arc hare, we will ro to wiat us to gol the real truth from him," said the landlord. " Very likely. iub there is no time to be lost. Givn me paper, and I will write." The paper was laid on the table, and MIr. \Yelham wrote a few words requesting the presence of responsible oflicers at theo foo. buhk Inn. Another line intimated that a clue to theidentity of the maskeed robber had been found. A few minutes later a sergeant in plain clothes and a constablo in uniform were in the Rnoobueck. Mir. ilyard told the sergeant abshout the marked sovereign he had received, and gave the name of the man to whom he had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then the four went to the little hback room over an eutlouse where the suspected man-otall.work slept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the sleeper. " BSearch first," suggested IMr. W'Velbam, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been carelessly thrown on a chabair. - The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust his fingers in the pockets, finding only a sixponoe and three pennies, which he at once returned. " There is nothing here but a pipe, tobacco, and dirt," whispered MIr. WVelham, after examining every pocket he could find in the noat. " There's money here, I think," said the sergeant in plainclothes, speaking in sup. pressed tones. Ho had carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon the bed, and bad drawn from one of the pookets a little packet wrapptd in a piece of newspaper. On opening this packel it was fojnd to coontain five sovereigne. IMr. Welham and thu plaincelothes man looked at them closely, and the marks waere plainly discernible under the head of anob. The coins were refolded in the paper, and returned to the troueers pocket. Then the s sergeant seized the sleeper by the shoulder and abshook him roughly. He awoke and sprang up to a sitting posture in the bed, r when the constable in uniform stopped for ward ready to grapple with the man should She resort to violence. "Why-I sany-what's the matter ? What Sdo you all want ?" the man ejaculated, as he became thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in confusiEn. "Your master wants to ask you a question. Unt be careful what you say. I Smust take notioe of every word," said the tsergeant. " But what's it all abont? I'll answer any I question Mr. Ililyard wants to ask me. What is it?" 11 1 want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when ho paid his account 2" "Yon want to know that? I think you ought to know when I gaveit to you. It was a sovereign, two twosehillin' pieces, half a nrown, an' a ahillin'. Ile said I might keep the sixpence over for a glass, an' I did." "Did you giveme the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you came here drunk." "No, air-not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunlk. I'd bad a low drinks, I know, 'anuse I'd been ahout a hit, but I knew what I was doin'." "I ask-did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Denson?" " Do you mean to say I didn't ? I'll swear Idid." " Had you any other sovereigns?" ''"No; I don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few for you," The sovereign you gave me wasmarked," "I didn't mark it." " BuDot you have other sovereigns in yonr pocket with the same mark on. How or where did you get them " o " Sovereignes in my pocket? How do you know what's in my pocket? You needn't trouble aboutemy pookets, iMr. uIilyard. 11 there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets Snone of 'em'ud be yours." "I'm sure they're not mine; and there's reason to think they should not be yours. Sergeant Lynee searched and found them there." "Boarched I Found them I" he exolaimed, his effrontery giving place to alarm. "Yee; I must take you into custody on suspicion of having stolen the money. 'This gentleman has been robbed, and I have found part of the stolen property in your pooket. You must come with me." Protestations of innocence were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they could not alter facts, and they were unavailing. Jake lnieoough was conveyed to the polioo station. she members of the local foreoo were jubilant at the thought that thelong-dreadnd Dlan in the Mask had been captured and inoareerated in Wincliff, the central point around whibch he had moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutes after Mr. Welbam had re. ported his loss to the polioe authorities in Winalif, news of the robbory was wired to the headquarters of the detective depart. ment in London. As soon as I appeared in the ofio next morning the case was given into my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring tile offender to justice, and I started at ones to commence my investigation of a ease in which I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in Winelilli beforo the prisoner hlad been taken before tlhe mnagistrats, and it was there 1 learned nearly all the particulars I have mentioned. In the first place, I was ceurous to se0 the man who had becomo a oriminal celebrity, My first view of him was obtained through the gratinog in the door of the cell in which he was naeonfined. There was nolthing in sis appearane to correspond with my preoon. ooived notion of a desperate highwayman. But we know how deceplive andi misleading appearance frequently are, The spirit of a devil may he sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person oi more than ordinary virtue, I spoke to Jake Iiseoough, and he replied to me with the air of a man whom the dieoevery of hIs orsme had utterly noaflindod. I could not lain from him anything more than repeated aseuranoo of his tanocenes. When I said tre sovereigns in his poiket told a diforeant tale, he merely sald? "I know nothing about them sovereigns, Tbedevil must have peutthemthere, I never did. I hadn't even a shillin' the last time I remember eelin' for money, an' eow live p ee d eamo to he In my pooket I dont now. hbollove thora'n sem dodge in the whole aslair that I enl't undersland. The gentleman that was robbed or tiergeant Lynes Issows aore about it tIlan I do. I never robbed anybody in a esasle or out of a iseask, ass' I wasn't ridln'alsout tlie road ashor sledsr clllcer. IJan u oll oncry ptnoe I was in, an' I swear I never now that essonsoy before I iesait ie lbe uoerieaset'' baInd, if sceeserls' will dcc rime ony good, "lH'earinil will lnot 0V00 yes frose fiolersi OeriiI lied for Irisi, or, at leisict, rueenasdil. I'cl ,1 yesou if I could. If you eon tell erie welicro yvcu were, issic iIf ottirer anrs serve youI reese cccl seer licci frlRcIoI sVelei irc irecillasccoseI 5 icer ealcici nust ccli alic he ia Ifs 1 011ecnnncI wonL rdhedF~~IIR that wll show tha~t fUll u(In't ieve suiblibil slim, . At crere ussest ice ic tloo leuc a ct Oee thin, even if tie hli Ias fest horse to elte,'' t"I wasn't on the back of a lorer all yes. Itori 51." "Aa'ertious without prooef ore no defense oag t strong cvidence. The finding of the elm;oy an your poclot wilt rugh 1* t. "An' I can't explain nothing about that. I don't know how it came there, an' I don't know how long it was there; in fact, ao I said beforo, I don't know anything about it.'' The prisoner named a few persons with whom he Iaid he had been about the time at which the robbery was committed. Imade notes of the names and places he mentioned, intending to test the oaccuraoy of his state monts by personal rquoiry. Mr. \eVolbam could not sot off on hit drive to London so early as he had intended that morning. iHo appeared in the court wlln the prisoner was brought up on the charge of having committed robbory from the person on the Queen's highway. 1le naserted that the five sovereigns found in tho prisoner's pocket were part of the money of which to had been deprived udeer threat of death; but, as the robber was masked, and aehe ap peared to be humpbacked, he could not say whether the prisonr woas the man. Mr. Ililyard told his story,whioh wae olear and ciroumtalntial. He had sent to tho gentleman to whom he gave the sovereign in change, but had not yet heard from him. The landlord's statement left little doubt as to the prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lynes do. posed to finding the money. The prisoner, when quostiocod, said he wan not nonr thO sceno of the crime when the robbery was committed. He could provo that by calling witnessee, and he would awear he did not know anything about the money found in his pocket, After hearing all, tile magis. Irate agreed to remand the prisoner for three days, during which the meeot seaurehing inquoiry should be made. Boon as the prisoner was removed from the dock, I arrangcd wilth the police authori ties for an immediateo and rigorous seneab of the room he had slept in at the Roebuck Inn. Without appearing to take a prominent part in the business, I accompanied thl erarclere and esuperintended their proceedings. Mr. flilyard affordod us facility to visit theb places in which the prisoner was principally employed; but a very thorough search failed to discover any other particle of the etolen properly. or any artiole of attire corre spending to the description Mr. Welham had given. While in the yard of the inn I asked the I ostler whether. Jake Bicough had taken out a horse the preceding evening, and learned that he had not. Mr. Itilyard had ridden out for about an hour in the evening to call on a gentlemen who lived a few miles away, but he handed the horse to the caltler again abouthald an hour after dark. I then wont in searoh of thlo persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke about the trial and the charge, and what I loarned from Jahe's friends corroborated what he had told me. "I oan swear, an' so can others, Jake never left the Grey Goose from about half. I past three till nearly six o'clook. We vwero playin' quolts till it got dark, an' then we turned into the parlor an' played dominoes till Jake weont home. He was a bit 'freah,' but not more so than I was. lio might'ave called somewhere else on the way-I dar'saesy he wouldn't pass the Nelson without callin' in for a glases-but it was a long time after dark when hlee left mo. IIe's not a likely sort to be takoen for the Mlan i' the Mask." Before night I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jakebcould not have com. mitted the robbery. But how was the presence of the coins in his pooket. to be anooaunted for l And how did it happen that only the marked money should be foand in his possession, while thirty pounds in notes, a gold watch and chain, and two diamond ringe had utterly disap. peared. I thought over all had learad long and earnestly. I put the diflorent little items of knowledge together, as it ls my habit to do, and tried to get a certain olear idea out of all. Before I slopt that night, I was fully oertain of two things. One was that Jakb Hitcough was not the robber, though some of tho booty weas found in his pocket; the other was that Jakeohad met the real Man in the Mask, and I could find eim. As early as possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate, and sent word that I wanted a few words on important buseiness. 1le gave mo an interview at once. I told him my busineat in WVinoalitl, and then laid before him the theory I had formed the night befolore. I cannot d-o. scribe his astoniohment as I proceeded, and I believo he thought as I did at last. I went from his house with a search warrant in my pocket. Then I wvent to the polloe otilco to complete arrangements for the atop I intended to take. The landlord of the 1oobuok Inn woas partaking of his ratlher late breakfast when I, two pollee sergeants, and four men entered his hostelry on seriouns bosinese. His ruddy complexion faded to an achy paleness wohen I told him I held a warrant empowering me to search his house for stolen goods. Reooovering from the stun. ning eseot of the intelligence, he made a step toward mo as if he would kill me, but two of the men following inotruotions pro. viously given, stopped before him. " We have to do our duty, Mir. lil. yard, and I hope you'll not make it more unpleasant. We must search your rooms evon if we have to overcome oppoal. tioon." "Caged I-caught Six mon to on I" he hiased, glaring at the men he re. garded as uenemies with an expression of face that was wholly sauggestivo of Inur. der. "I'll go up with you," he added, suddenly, as if speaking on esom impulse. "No, silr. You would notaslettue, Iwill leave three men hero to provent you from following us," said the oergeant-aftor whlih anonouncement Mr. HIilyard sank, semlingly powerless, in a chair, Our progress was no0 longer impeded. We wonl to lr, IIllyard's bedroom, and in a small box on the droeslng table feund the.gold watch, the diamond rings and tse notes whieb air. Weolham hd loot. In another boe, fastened with a padlook, ws found a tightly-folded parcol, whioh, on beoing opened, was found to oentain somo of the propertlos used in tIe "make-up" of the Plani the Mnask. Tiocre was tho long, dark solek, with a bundle of glass. eloihs sewn on the inside between the shoulders to elmulote a hump when worn. WithIn that was a dark hat of soft loll, to tie Inner ed of the rins of whloh and otondlig Iadlf aroand il,waos trimly acked a p1o10 of stIll paetlboard, with two round perforations about twoetlerdo of Its length from the bottom. It was dark drab in color, and tiest was the mask whlob had so long shlelded the robber frot rnoog. altlon, Aereet of MIr. rllyard leaneedlately iol. lowed lisese discovlerios At blos oabsequ10en01 trial lee coeclesed that he had tlaeod the emearboi mleclloy Iln Jakte Hllsoelgi'n IleolohotS while le ol ela unt, tie It Iht retulrold steer tie robbery hlu lead tivoee onu of thes uetleas siovorolgne teo een teloiniln lIe elesarega. Iis nflowavardls leuernel tllht teon olel wva emarhenid, seln' feareul It m~lieht be ieracel to blim. 'To turn UlIIllluitoe Or irne hi ne111 leo Inveoeet'iU thes neheelees we loovt loose iho. heel ,'nni serg ondte n II reldooc Ulp lollie l0rIeel1 lid ell otinver. the judeelefruoee eneensie leleu' lie ee neveo leretor lnol 10r(15 lIeu circe eoyotoriuu ' lelsie l roles bLaeea,"1 LI IU IlnLTDU1' hl( : 111 