AMONG THE SWISS. In a Picturesque Land. ' Mountain-looked Valleys. The. part 'of Switzerland where wo were passing tlie month is the very ideal of a pas toral country (says a correspondent of the San Francisco Oiironiulk). It comprises the canton of Freiboun and the eastern part of the canton of V uud. It has been designated the garden of Switzerland, and is certainly the prettiest pait of the coun try, so far as wo havo seen it. Although it does not lack mountains, some of them us much as SOOOft. high, it has no porpotuully snow-clad peaks, but an unending series of hills, green to their summits, winding rivers and_ torrents, and such a multitude of fertile valleys strewn with hamlets that tho miud .is quite bewildered by their intricacy. In Ruskin's "Modern Painters" he endeavors to describe tho peculiar charm of Swiss landscapes, in dependently of their mountain' chains, to thoso who liavo not seen them by bidding such unfortunate people imagine, an exten sive park, covered with groups of trees, manes of forest, pretty villages, and clear, rapid streams, with greenest turf between, and then tho whole slanted up against pro. tccting hills, so that tho eye cun tuko in everything at once. Imagine two such slants, I. would add, with a noblo river wiuding between, and you have a Swiss valley. Just now all these valleys are given up to haymaking. ' A rainy May and June, and now a clear, hot July, havo been specially favorablo to one of the most important crops of tlie dis trict ; and every field is piled with hay or glistening with the soy tlies oi tho mowers. Men, women and all available children are busy at the work. As every square foot of arable' land is improved here,' grass is grown and cut in every by-corner and steep slope, in some cases so steep that the haymaker hus to bo secured by a rope. As carts cannot bo employed in such places, it is a most com mon sight to see hay brought down to tho road on men's backs in prodigious bundles which fairly hide the bearer, often enveloped in an open not. A man passed us yestcr- day. staggering down a hill with a load so enormous that we uttered a cry of compas sion, but he laughingly pointed down to his own barn just below him, and, untying his net, pitched the whole fragraut mass right over its roof to his barn door. Chateau d'Oex (pronounced day) is one of a series of villages scattered along the valley of the ijarinc, lying 3000 or 4000 feet above the sea, and much sought by natives and foreigners in summer for their pure, bracing air. Good hotels and ponsions are found in each of them — a peculiarly glowing advertisement having aiione determined our choice of this place above the rest. A range of mountains, bearing tho rather ungraceful name of Gum- fiuli, extends on one side of tlie valley, and Mount Cray shuts off the sun by 5 o'clock on tho other. There are not more than 300 inhabitants in this hamlet, but the neighboring villages of Rougemont, Lcs Moulins, Sc., touch it so closely that it cannot fuel solitary. The Sarine river' flows beside it through a gorge crossed by a suspension bridge, and three mountain torrents rush through it on their way to tho river ; in short, if the flies were dead nothing more could be asked to make Chateau d'Oex a most desirable summer residence. This valley and its lateral ones once formed a little kingdom by themselves, the kingdom of Sarine, governed for centuries by their feudal lords, the Counts of Gruyercs. At the time of the first crusade the then count accompanied the army to the Holy Land, with a large body of his followers ; previous to this epoch tho history of this district is' rather uncertain and sometimes mystical. Many legends are told of it, among the rest that long after uruyeres itseii was setuea a neiguooring valley remained unknown, divided from the rest of tho world by an impracticable barrier of rocks and guarded by a fearful spectre. At last an adventurous knight resolved to penetrate the mystery, and, collecting workmen, after three days', labor cut his way .through the rocky wall, and found beyond no haunt of happy . monsters, as they had anticipated, but a smiling valley inhabited by shepherds gentle and amicuble, but speaking a language entirely foreign to his own. The two settlements lived long in pence with ono another, until a more hostile iuvusion from a different quar ter impelled the Btrungers to seek protec tion from the powerful count, and to adopt him for their leudal lord. Tho castle of Gruyeres still exists, the finest old chateau in Switzerland, standing on a height above the little town of the same name, from which the counts could behold nearly all the valleys of their small domain. It dates from the ninth century Its walls are 14ft. thick, being flanked by powerful towers and further guarded by a lofty enclosing wall. It is kept by the present owner in good condition and used as a museum, but we had only time to look ftp at its imposing structure as we drove by. The house of Chalamaln, a celebrated fool of one of tho counts, stands near, by. But in ,1555 this little kingdom of the Sarine came to an end. The last count, Michel, got deeply into debt. He had lent money to the King of France, who never repaid him ; ho could not pay his own soldierB he taxed, his people so heavily that ho alienated their affections. ' He tried to coin his old gold and silver plate, but tho neighboring towns would not allow that, of course, and finally he fled. Berne and Freibourg took the matter up, paid his debts, and summarily divided his domains between them. ' One of the castles of the cpunts of Gru- yeres stood in this village, -'only .a slight trace of: which remains, and from' it the name of Chateau d'Oex must have been de rived,' although this is uncertain. " D'oex" probably was a corruption of "d'enhaul," another' name of the district being " Fays En Haul," upper country. The people are very simplo and primitive in their manners, and are very superstitious, thinking much of dreaws and omens, and having many popular charms against evil. '.Many houses are reputed. as haunted, or, as the pcoplo cautiously express it, in many houses " one perceives," that is, percoives ghosts. This dread of saying what is per ceived reminds us of the Irish horror of naming fairies. The peasants are very kind and sociable among themselves, and poverty is really unknown, every family helping, as a matter of course, those who are badly off. In tho long winter evenings purties of neighbors meet continually and play games, partioulary a game of cards played for nuts. A great many of tho houses Sear inscrip tions, whioh are carved or burned into the brown wooden fronts. It is very interest ing to spoil them out. Often they are texts from the Bible, and other religious mottoes, such as " God bless our going out," "God bless our going in," "God bless our daily bread," "Bless us in life, and most of all in death." But some times we have scon more worldly wisdom. One inscription runs: "Building is not a trifling thing ; it often leads to a crash." Another: "It is easy to build, but nobody comes to help you to pay whilo another still takes a more cheerful view of the sub ject : " When one has a house well built and well furnished then the world looks bright to him." -Many of the houses still bear the dates of their original foundation, having remained in the old families for centuries. I spoke of the excellent hotels in this and the other valley hamlets. They are much patronised by the English, who are apt to seok resorts which cannot be reached by railroad, such as the Engadine, Zermatt, and the Sarine valleys, and Americans occasionally visit the place, though more rarely. We were surprised, a day or. two since, by the . sudden appearance of a body of 27 Amerioun bicyclists, who -have boon " doing " Europe — a fine-looking, jolly set of young fellows, who rushed in for ono night only, and were off for Inter- laken by daybreak the next morning. Their machines wore not such as we havo usually scon, but are adapted for mountain roads, the two wheels being nearly of a size, not largo, but - strong, with thick tires of rubber and heavy steel bars, whilo the conveniences for carrying liiggngo wcro increased. Freibourg, tho largest town in tho valley of tho Sarine, is where tho river flows through a gorge oven deeper than at this place, a gorge that reminded us of tho Colorado canyons. Tho rocks in that district are of soft sandstone, and both tlie Sarino and one of its tributaries have cut thoir way to a depth of 200ft. or 300ft., so that tho town, which stands at their junction, is entirely enclosed by tremendous ravines. The rosult is extremely pic- tnrosque, but also extremely inconvenient, tho passage of ono of theso gorges having demandod more than an hour's labor in ascending and descending boforo tlie inhabitants could communicate with their neighbors. This evil has within 50 j-ears been over come by the construction of two suspension bridges, which have given new life to the old town. The one that hangs like a thread in mid-air above tho Sarino is 270 yards long, tho chains which support it being secured by 128 anchors buried deep in tho bosom of tho earth. The view from it — tlie baro perpendicular rocks, along whoso summit rises a row of houses, socining but a continuation of the precipice, so ruggod and weather-stained are they, tho beautiful cathedral tower soaring above them, clusters of mills and crowded stono cottages at the bottom of the ravine, with tho foaming river rushing among them and still eating its way into the cliffs, as if it would under mine the town — is ' most striking. Tho othor suspension bridge, over the Gotterori gorge, is about as long, but is even higher above tho water,, which flows more than 300ft. below. The chains of this bridge are secured in the precipices themselves. The streets of Freibourg are steep and irregular, sometimes actually passing over tho roofs of tho houses in lower streets, and presenting the appearance of bastions and fortifications. It is a Catholic place, having soveral large monasteries and a seminary for priests, and chapels of great renown, beside its spleudid cathedral, which was founded in 1285. This cathedral contains the famous organ, said to bo of the richest tone in the world, and which is oven larger than that in Lucerne, the number of pipes being no fewer than 7800. Daily concerts are given upon it, and- it is almost worth a journey to Switzerland to listen to the magnificent music that pours from it. Another very interesting possession of Freibourg is its old linden tree, said to have been planted in 1476, after tho victory of Morat over Charles of Bur gundy. A young native of the town ran home from the field of battle, about 10 miles, to announce the result of the struggle but, breathless and exhausted, ho could only utter the word victory when lie fell and oxpired. A twig of linden was ill his hand, which was planted on the spot where he fell, and tlie tree has ever since been pre served with religious care. It might well bo 400 years old. It is a mere shell, sup- Eorted and clamped witli iron, its wide rrnclies resting on posts of stone — a most venerable figure of green old age. 1 A young scion is springing from its centre, which will continue its lifo for ages to come. At ono time the tree was apparently dead. It ceased bearing leaves, and tlie disconso late inhabitants could no. longer meet as they had for ages under its shade. Some children ono' day threw a match into its hollow trunk and it blazed — but resolved to save its shell, the Freibourg people poured im quantities of \ water and -extinguished the conflagration. -What was their delight when, on the next spring, the ancient tree, as if refreshed, put forth now and vigorous foliage, covered itself with blossoms and resumed a new life which has not yet ex hausted itself. 