Nicholas Nubbles Says : " The Worker " (monthly journal of the as sociated workers of Queensland) bias been received, and contains a deal of interesting matter. Now that the Council has shown no disposition to invite the Hon. Bruce Smith to town, the River Navigation Committee should re-commence their agitation, and request him to visit the district and inspect the river. Only about £60 remains to be drawn by per sons entitled to grants from the Flood Relief Fund. _ Very few complaints have been lodged regarding the disposition of the fund. As our local contemporary says, "it would be extremely difficult to dole out a fund satisfactorily to all concerned." It is the Britisher's preroga tive to grumble-and be uses it liberally, too. Only about 14s were received in the shape ot subscriptions to the local Water Brigade last year. And yet, when a flood comes along, people com plain loudly about the inefficiency of the organi zation. Some of the members of the local Water Brigade animadverted at the annual meeting upon the apathy displayed by the farmers regarding the management of the organization. At the North Shore R. C. Regatta recently, the handicap skifif race for trophies presented by the club was won by A. Berckelman (late of Windsor), with 5 seconds start. Good boy, 'Dolph. The next sitiing of the Licensing Court will be held on the 2ist inst. Three applications for new licenses-two for Wiseman's Ferry (Mrs. Black and Mr. J. Walmesley, sen) and one for Kurra jong (Mr. H. Lucas). Rookwood folk want to rob us of our proposed Agricultural College. The selection of Ham Com mon in place of Rookwood is a " grave " question to them, and the decision of the Minister kinder ap"pals" them. They intend to rehearse" their grievance before the Minister, but they needn't ex"spectre" change his decision, for they haven't a "ghost " of a show. They had better remain " mute," and let the thing " pars-on." About three farmers attended the annual meet ing of the Hawkesbury Water Brigade. Wanted to know the whereabouts of the St. Matthew's Institute Treasurer, as he has not been at any of the Society's meetings. It is a strange thing that our young men don't try to improve themselves in the art of public speaking, by joining a debating society, especially when in after life they may have, io connection with their native town, to take an interest in Eublic matters. The reason why Windsor is Bhind other places is that we have very few in i our town to make our wants known. It is ques tionable whether there are half-a-dozen young men in the town who can make a capable speech, j judging from the utterances at our public meetings. ; Mjs. J. Wood and sister, Miss Madde^, of Sydney, with their usual kindness, have consented, to sing at the coming Church of England concert An old Riverstone resident states that land could be bought in Riverstone township for 7s 6d per foot in 1882. He also says that you Windsor people have no go or energy in you, notwithstanding you have monied men in your district. To, improve Wind sor, he sarcastically states, it wants submerging for 24 hours. Mr. J. P. Abbott stated in the House the other night that according to returns up to December, 1888, the average expenditure upon National Works in each district was £z8 per head. Of this, the Hawkesbury and the Murrumbidgee headed the list, as they show with /70 per head of the population. Ana yet there are some people always growling at our Member, and say we never have anything done for U9 by the Government. Mr. Board has returned from a trip to Bris bane ; he enjoyed splendid weather. M'Grath's Hill folk require a letter-box placed there. It is rather hard that when a M'Grath's Hill man writes a letter he must journey to Wind sor to post it, A letter-box might easily be cleared by the postman who passes daily to Windsor. Mr. J. Woolley has gone away to Queensland on a droving trip, and will be absent about four or five months. | A very good picture of the officers of the 3rd | Regiment appears in the Sydney " Illustrated News" of last issue, and in the group several familiar faces are noticeable, including Colonel I Ho'borow. Officers Guest, Linsley, Anderson. Hill, and others. In a pugilistic encounter at M'Grath's Hill recently, one of the belligerents had a limb broken or put out of joint. At the Small Debts Court the other day, a plaintiff said of a defendant, " He takes contracts at so low a price that unless he steals the gravel he can't make them pay." One witness, at the same Court, after looking repeatedly for an unsoiled leaf in the Bible, and Ming unable to find one, kissed the back of the Book each time be was sworn. A local magistrate on Wednesday got a little mixed, like Dan O'Connor, when he said, " The defendant was virtually insolvent, but he wasn't insolvent." The Great American Frolics are to occupy the »oca'. School of Arts on Monday and Tuesday evenings next. Surely vve can get someone to initiate the early closing movement. No wonder the employees take little interest in matters intellectual, when they in a great many cases knock off work just in time to go to bed. At the Water Brigade meeting the other night, one member wanted to know " what benefit the farmers got out of the Water Brigade?" Alter that, we give bkn up. A foreigner, a defendant in a Small Debts Court claim the-other day, denied that, he had promised to pay plaintiff £z for the right of\vay through the latter's land. He said "there was nothing mentioned about £2,; he had promised a COUPLE OP POUNDS, but sot £2." He had to pay the couple. " Was it an Ai fence ?" asked Mr. Walker of % witness in theCourt the other day. " Ho, the fence wasn't a fence at all," was the i*eply. We've heard of cockatoo fences, and dog-leg fences, and wire feaces. and all that sort of thing, but an At ftnee is a new thing altogether. A young fellow Upto(w)n threw out a challenge to a friend the other night to shoot in n pigeon match against him at 50 yards rise.. perhaps Ike was attempting to take a nse out of theother. A concert in aid of the Church of England Sunday-school will take place at the New-street School-room on Thursday evening next. Mr. Joe Ridge, who has been away from Windsor for nearly 20 years, visited town this week. An indignation meeting in connection with the main-street and the condition it is in, will be held ! some time next week. Mr. Crawley has taken the premises recently j occupied by the late E. Greatrix, and commences j business next Monday. j The Small Debts Court sittings was very lively on Wednesday. '. I never said ' By Gob that's high,' when you showed Huxley's me bill," said a witness in a Riverstone case; " but I did say he had<a good idea of drawing up a bill and not for getting items." "Call George Brown" said a plaintiff at the same court. " Why, that's my witness" cried out the defendant. 41 No, he's mine," retorted plain tiff, and high words were about to be indulged in when the Bench came to the rescue. Rowe will row Atkins over the champion course for £100 a-side on the 26th instant. Neilson and Stansbury have gone to Tasmania. The marriage is announced in the Sydney papers of Mr. Fred Everingham, late of Hawkes bury River to Miss Fanny Fuller of the Glebe. *A local marriage took place on Wednesday. Mr. Kinnivan, a good Single Tax exponent, and one who has lectured a deal in the Western districts, was in town this week. A certain lieutenant of the Volunteers, fully armed and in his regimentals, was riding to the butts last week, when his horse capsized him, and with his rifle he struck in the mud at the Chain of Ponds. Wonder who he was. Mr. J. M'Grath has been away in the back^ blocks lately. He reports that there is plenty of, water, uorth and west, but that in consequence of the bad road most of the pubs are short of whiskey, which, in that part of the country, where people are pretty hard drinkers, is a dire calamity. Mr. M'Grath saw quite a host of Windsor hands out back. He is off again in a week or so. Mr. P. Butler, who has bean very ill, is now on a fair way towards recovery. The market for flooded corn has gone down to zero. With all the factories in existence, and an im port duty on that commodity, butter in Windsor is is 6d per lb. Is it not time to establish a factory here. Best factory butter is 6d in GouJ burn. The first genuine frost of the season was experi enced an Wednesday morning. And it was a frost-you bet. A wee; or two ago the " Bulletin" said, " We can spell the name of the champion sculler in nine letters-Peter Kemp." Nine letters, however, will also spell the names of Stansbury, Bill Beach, Wm. O'Connor, Ned Hanlan, Jno. Teemer, &c.; See that now. 