The Proposed British Postage Tax. A prophet who not only has hitherto been without honour in his own country, but who will now, probably, be held in less honour than ever as having helped it into rather a difficult position, is the so-called member tor Australia, Mr. J. Henniker Heaton — supposing, that is, that the proposed reduction of postal rates by the Home Government is at all due to his long literary and other labours to that end. He claims it, we see, and it has been claimed by his friends here for him, as " a successful issue of bis labours in the direction of cheaper postage," and a glorious triumph over his old enemy in the matter, the English Postmaster-General, Mr. Eaikes, and if there is anything to be proud of in a success which will, probably, be " declined with thanks" by those most concerned, he may be fairly enough entitled to the personal triumph. But a much more important qnestion than whether bonfires should be lit in honour of Mr. Henniker Heaton or, as the playful Mr. Raikes would probably have it, Mr. Henniker Beaton's " ghost," is whether there is anything in the proposed reduction so far as the colonies are concerned to light bonfires about, and the general opinion seems to be that there is not. The proposal has not been received in Australia with the general joy which the representative (self- styled) of that considerable con stituency appears' to have anticipated, if it does not seem much more likely to be incontinently rejected. The intention may be good, even, as it has been described, " wise, gracious and states manlike," but the conditions are not equal. It is one thing for the Home Government to propose to make a certain sacrifice of postal revenue which it can very well afford in view of the assured advantage, as it puts it, of "establish ing closer relations between the colonies and the mother country," but it is quite a different thing for the colonies to be asked to . make a much more than pro portionate sacrifice, which they can very ill afford, in view of a doubtful ad vantage, as they take ,it, for which at the best they do not particularly care. The cost to the Home Government, it j8 calculated, would be about £80,000 a year, in which, however, its connec tion with India is to be counted. The cost to the colonies would be something more than half that amount, relatively of course a much larger cost, and then what would they get for it ? Well, they would get a cheaper postage rate for their English correspondence in the difference, by one route, between 6d. and 2d., and by another between 4d. and 2d., and the question is whether there is anything in such a cheapening of the postal rates to make up for the inevitable loss in the postal revenue. The answer to that question will prob ably be as it is regarded from a senti mental or a practical point of view, and in our own case, at any rate, in the present state of the colonial exchequer, ought not for a moment to be doubtful. It is really, it will be seen, a proposal for additional taxation for the purpose or in the hope of " establishing closer relations between the colonies and the mother country" and even if it would have that effect, which may be very well doubted, most people will probably agree that there are manv better uses be found for our money.— 'Freeman's Journal. 