/'-'Gbil&ren.; Kinfi Frederich's ttusc- A Storj of Threo Mysterious Gold Pieces— Tho Howard lt?o;ivcd by a Dutiful Sun. How tbo Dear Old Mother's Letter Touched tbo llo.irt of Her Sov ereign—Days of Pcsoa and Plenty That Camo Becauso a Lad Honored His Mother, Ono summer raorniug, a great many years ago, a boy was lying uound aBlcep on a henoh in one of tho rooma at Sans-Souci (ths country palace of the King ol Pruesin) with all hia clothes on. Very g»y clothca they were, from the trim blue jacket, with ita embroidered cul'i i and shining brass buttons, down to tho ninart Ehoen, with their wo'.l poliahcd it:el bacLlca. But tho paor little ftllo\V3 facowiia not (ia gay ao hia ilress by tny mcnc.i. Ic looked cndly pale, and as v.'ji'n and tired as if he bad been up all night. Ho indeed he hnd, foe tough old King Frederick, who could work from four in the mornkif; till ten at niftht without seeming a hit worse, sonietimcn forgot that hia poor littlu fagc-boy vni uot as ittonR aa himaolf, un-] wuuM often keep him on duty till Karl fell asleep from sheer fatigue, just u« ho appeared to havo done now. All iU or.co n bell rang sharply in tho next room. At that r.ignhl the psge ought to hr.vo jumped up anil gono in to receive liiB orders fur tho day, aa ho bad to the first thing every morning, no matter at what hour he hail Gone to bed. ISut he was so fast r.nlcfp that ho never he&ld; it ; and the bell rang again still more sharply without any answer. Then tbe door of the inner room opened, and out came a very strsngo figuro in deed. I; wan a small, I-?3n gray-haired old man in a shabby nniform coat and a pair of long riding boots, which looked aa though they had not been cleaned for a month ; and as if ho were not untidy enough already, he had 9-nearcd the wholn front ol hia coat with muff, which fell off in flakes whenever ho moved. Hie face mii-ht have been carved in atone, so cold and hard did it look; but iu tho rridst of it there pjearand an eye so dear and bright and piercing that it scorned to go rrjhS through every ono upon whom it rested. But for thi-i commanding glance one wonld most likely have taken him for a beggar, and havo wondered what businees such a slovenly old fellow could have in the palace at all. But in roality this queer, shabby littla old man wac no other than King Frederick of Prus3ia uimself, the greateet General and statesman in the world, and famous through out all Europe uuder the name of '-Frederick the Great.' Oao could see by tho flash of his oyo and tho sst of hia hard old mouth, as ho came &tridin;^ out, that ho wa3 very ungry at being kept waiting, and thai a terrible scolding awaited iha poor littlo page, who lay sleeping there en peacefully, knowing nothing at all about it. But aa the King's eyo fell upon the iaii'fi unconEcioua face his mood seemed to ohange. ??Iluml' muttered he, with the very ghost ol a emilo flickering over hie iron face. 'How famously tho young dug sleeps I I only wish I could have such a nap now End then. One can eeo that ho hasn't got to worry himself about governing fivo millions of men, or carrying en war ogainet Cvenationaat onoe. na I what'a tbia /' A oiumpled sheet of ooarao paper, which seemed to have dropped from Karl's hand, waa lying on tho floor beaido him. The King pioked it up, and theea were the fitat words that caught his eye, written in tho fhaky, atraggling hand of a very feeble old woman : ' I thank you much, my door ohild, for tbe money that you hsvo bo kindly sent me, which has been a great help. Take your old mother'u blessing for it, and sco that you always do your best to be a worthy sad faith ful servant to our master, tho King; whom God bless and pro3ervo.' Ao ho road that simple, message the soldier-kinB'B grim face eoftened as no ono had over seen it foften before. Perhaps tho memory of bia own mother, dead years ivgn, rci-e up in hia mind onoe more ; parhaps'ho was touched by the old woman'n prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this had becu the boy'a last thought before he fell asleep. ' Wero all my Bnbjjoto like that,' he mur mured; ' 1 should ba the luckiest King in Europe. And bo he has been saving money from his wogfa (and poor enough wugca they are, I am Burp) to oond to hia mother I Well done, my boy ; thou art a true Prus sian I' At that moment Karl moved olightly, as if about to awake. The King noticed it, and a new idea au peared to strike him, which must havo been a droll one from the momentary twinkle that lighted up hia stern oves. ' Yes, that will bs tho best way,' said he to himself, ' and a fino surprise, it will be to him.' S'.epping back into the room whence he hod issued (which certainly had very little ' rojal luxury' about it, for it was almost as foam na n nflttlo.DlinA umII* »a tionltn^ nnn.. a bettered deal table and a broken ohair). Frederick hunted in the table drawer till ho rummnged out a well-worn writing c-ibu, from one cf the pockets of whioh he toot threo gold coin?. Theco ho flipped into the page's 'pocket alcng with the letter, taking groat oare not to awake him in doing bo. Then ho rang his hell violently and called out : 'Karl, come here I'- ?-- .... .. . Tho sharp, stern voice effectually roueeS our hero, who started up at once, und drew back in dismay as he Eaw Frederick's keen eyes liicd upon him. ' Pardon, your majesty, pnrdon I' tt&m-; mered ho. ' I wob — ' ' Never mind about that jus! now,' inter rupted the King. ' Come iu hero and get your orders.' As Karl sprang eagerly toward to obey, tho money, whioh had been put losely into his pockot, rolled out again, and fell ringing nnd chinking upon tho floor. 'Hello, young man I' cried Frederick, i^MMH^lcooiI deal rioher than I ^^^^^^^^^HM^liinR your money 