PART II. "I was not an inconsolable lover. I had loved a woman who was simply beautiful, and my attachment was only of a transitory rapture. Boy and girl love is but a faint shadow of the intense passion which possesses us in riper years. Physical beauty, although considerable in its.power: is not sufficient to enthrall us after boyhood. ■ Mind—beauty of mind—must accompany a beautiful face, when a man is to be held a captive. I took my time—I was in no hurry. It was three years before I found' my true love, I found her in Dorothy Staple ton, your dear grandmother. She was virtuous,, she was pretty, she was cultured, she was merry. Dorothy Stapleton was my heart's desire. I proposed to hen and was accepted. "Again I nad the cnoioe of one of my fathers seats, X left the decision to your grandmother. "'HI am to deoide,' she said,11 should say the old castle on the 60uth coast. I think it would he delightful to live there. I am rather romantie, you know,' she added, with a merry laugh. "• Ethwald!' exclaimed Gwendolyne. ' You want to live at Ethwald Castle?" '"Yes, why not?" "You don't know anything about it,, my dear Dorothy.' "' I know that it is a veiy old structure, and that part of it is still habitable.' \- "' Oh yes, part of it is still habitable, but no person in his or her right senses would dream of residing there.' " • For what reason, Gwenny V "' For a terrible reason, Dorothy. Ethwald Castle is haunted." " ' How delightful?' exclaimed my Dorothy. ' The very thing to give it a great charm for me. We must live there, indeed we must.' "Ethwald Castle is haunted," continued my sister gravely, 'not by a common churchyard ghost, whioh is quite harmless and of no im portance whatever, hut by a Bed Demon.' "' Oh, I am so glad you have told me this, Gwenny,* returned Dorothy, 'now nothing shall induce me to live anywhere else. A Bed Demon! Just fancy having a ghost of one's own. I have never seen anything of the kind, nor have I ever lived in a haunted house." "It is all very well for you to sit here and talk in that light way, Dorothy,' continued my sister, but you would very soon change your tone if you were at Ethwald." . "' X am not talking in a light way, Gwendo lyns,' she answered. ' I should like to see this Bed Demon above all things. His appearance every now and then would relievo the mono tonyof our lives by the sea.' ' He appe ars about four times a year, doesn't he, Maurice,?' said Gwendolyne refer ring to me. '"So say the poor superstitious country folk,' returned I, much amused at tire conversa tion. "' Yes, they often see him,' went on Gwen dolyne. ' He is red from head to foot, they say, with long, dishevelled red hair. _ In his left arm he bears a woman robed in white, and in bis right hand he carries a torch, whioh he brandishes above bis head when he readies the summit of Badver's Tower. They say that the wild yells of the Demon and the shrill screams of the woman can be heard far and wide, and the chains that are round the Demon's body rattle as he ascends and descends the tower.' " Dorothy laughed heartily. ' It is the very best apparition I have ever heard of. Beautiful! beautiful! I shall know no peace of mind until I have seen it.' "'You mean that you will know no peace of mind after you have seen it,' said Gwen dolyne, looking rather cross. 'Take my advice. Dorothy, don't go to Ethwald Castle. " 'Nothing and nobody shall induce me not fo go to Ethwald Castle,' said Dorothy with deoisiou. ' The more I hear of the Bed Demon, the more aarious am I to reside there. I sup- ; pose you have not seen him, Gwenny.' " 'Uo, thank Heaven 11 have not. X would not sleep one night at Ethwald Castle to be made Empress of the world.' "' You little ooward !' I exclaimed. * Your superstition and credulity equal the poor ignorant country people's. You ought to know, better, my dear sister. I am rather ashamed of you.' . " 'Ashamed, indeed!' she ejaculated. 'Well, , you needn't be; a much greater personage than either you or I believed in ghosts and demons, and all that kind of thing.' "' Indeed!' said I, 'and who was that, may I ask?' " 'The Bard of Avon.' '"Oh, yes,' interposed Dorothy. 'Shak* peare thoroughly believed in supernaturaliswi; and so do L But Maurice/ she continue:)', turning to me. 'I suppose there are many stories and legends in existence regarding th" doings of those who formerly oocupiea tii" castle.' "' Yes, there are many, Dorothy/1 replied. 'Inever heard of an old castle that hadn't a legend or that wasn't haunted. Ethwald is not an exception.' '"Do tell ine the legend, Maurice,' urged Dorothy. As we are going to live there I have a great desire to learn all I can about the place.' "'Yes, Maurice,' said Gwendolvne, 'tell Dorothy the legend of Wicked Sir Guy. Perhaps she will change her mind about resid ing at Ethwald after she has heard it, and you have made her understand that it is his wicked spirit that haunts the castle.' " Begin at once, dear Maurice,'said Dorothy. ' I am all impatience.' " Well,- my dear, I comply with your request.' This is the legend of ' Wicked Sir Guy*:— "Ethwald Oastleand its broad lands changed owners many times before they fell to our family. Atone time, with the exoeption of itB towers, the oastle was levelled to the ground. It was afterwards restored and enlarged by Richard de Walden in the reign of Edward the Third. Successive lords added to its embellish ment until the reign of Henry the Fifth, when it was granted to Sir Guy Merton, a man of ungovernable passions, and remarkable from his childhood for cruelty and ferocity of disposition. He was florid-skinned, red haired, and of powerful frame. His neigh bours hated him for the innumerable acts ofbarbarityofwhichhewasguilty. They would have manifested their hatred openly, but fiis j great power and strong castle prevented them j from attempting such a thing: nevertheless, ] they hoped that the day would borne when they would have an opportunity of avenging the many wrongs and indignities which nave been inmoted upon them. That day did come, after yeats of waiting, and with it the destruc tion of Sir Guy. He had reached the ageof forty and was yet unmarried, and it occurred to him that it would be well for him now to marry, as he desired to have a legitimate heir. He had seen and coveted as a wife the young and beautiful Cicely, daughter of Sir William Sternhold, a neighbouring knight. , Sir Guy made advances to the lady, but being repulsed by her ho boldly • carried her off, and kept her prisoner in one of the rooms of his castle. The abduction of the lovely Cicely, whose reputation forgoodness and beauty was widespread, created intense excitement far and near, and Sir William Sternhold bein assembled to do battle with the. detested Merton, and avenge the insult offered to the lady and her father. . Sir Guy knew well the storm of. indignation' his base act would call forth, and had previously prepared for the. fight. It was a hard struggle they had. Eth wald Castle was soon oombarded by Sir William and his company—a band as brave and skilful in arms, as ever lived. The place : was vigorously assaulted, but all their attempts to storm it were unsuccessful. The position of the castle being inaccessible, and the defensive measures of Sir Guy being so strong, the at- 1 tainment of their object, tney feared, would \ prove futile. ' "But in- one of Sir Guy's retainers the ' unhappy Cicely had a sympathizer—nay, more, . a friend. One dark and tempestuous night,, j.while the dense clouds hung low over, the castle, and its walls were lashed furiously by the mountainous waves, the gates were ; opened and the enemy entered, " Sir Guy now saw that he was betrayed, ( and that all further resistance was useless. He rushed to the chamber where the lovely. Cioely was confined, and dragged her forth. Presently he appeared upon the battlements of Radveru Tower. Grasping the almost lifeless daughter of Sir William Sternhold with his left hand, and brandishing a flaming torch above his head with his right, he laughed a long and de moniacal laugh of deifianoe. Then throwing the torch into the midst of the enemy, he clasped the lovely Cicely in his arms and leapt with her into the raging sea. Thus perished the most wicked of knights and the most virtuous and beautiful of maidens." 