REMARKABLE CATS:. Tim followting feline gossip we have gnthered from various sources, and now yj' before our readers for their_ amuse ment. W hile cats have been known, like the finiished motlhers in Jerusalem, to devour their own offspring, they havre also been known, when dleprived of their kittens, to adopt young hares, hedgehogs,. rats, and even chickens: The tmusualsight of a rat and five young ones in the sine nest with a cat and three kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially are clever at opening doors; others deplor able poachers on weekdays, become the very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbntlh day comes round.- Besides being capital hunters 1and mole- catchers, others can lish, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. Unt let the following anecdotes speak for thecm selves: The cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of a mouse- hole and then retired to await the result, had surely something in commoti with thle human speculitor and quack who does pretty nearly the same thing through a news paper advertisement. While black cats are supposed iW' the duperstitious to have some connection with the Evil One, others make capital ghosts. A farmhouse in the north country was s haunted by an invisible ghost, which, for a considerable tinme, hadl been in the habit of ringing a certain bell, and the most latnentable results were about to follow, when tlhe fimer with tile famnily' Bible, oand a student with a Hbottle of whisky, sat lup all night and effectitally laid the gllhosts It was dil covered, very mich to their satisfaction, tlhat the bell'had been rung by puses In her efforts to seize the hlandle, whllch consisted u of ait hanrs foot. Malay people have lieadnl of the plouglltuan's -ise and affectionate cat Myseie. A ploughtmann at the fooeet of t thle Ochlils had been long ill-his homo was in poverty- wlhen the doctor said the poor snmoulea ' p 1.m nito j -a ngtg wasm not keplt p by sitimulants ant animal food. Let tile seqtl' l be told in the words of the plllgil nt's wife. a"I put awe' my marriage gown and ring to get him wine; 1 but we hai1 tnetlhing in the house but milk and mninlt Surelyv, sir, it was the L.ord I himself that tput it into that cat's head; for that sane nighlt she broughlt in a fine young rabbit, and lalid it on the verra bed; and the next night tile same, andl every night the same for a month, whiles a nrabbit and whliles a bird, till George was up and going to his work as usunal. BIlut she nlever brought anythling hatne after thlat." Tile ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors is simtmetues remarkable. A large cat in the country was in the Ilhablit of openine the door for hiimself in the follow ing manner. The hiandile of the door wvas one of the old fanshionetd ooped ktintd, whlichll relquired to be graspetl and the latch pressed withl thle thlllumb. He leapt on to the windowr-sill, whlich was near the door, spriung from their and calught the hoop withl his forepaw, and Ihung on until Ihe piressedl down the latch with tile other this operationrequiring considerable force when tha lld oor swinging open.llpuss dropped to the floor, and quietly walkedi in. In a like ingeniolus manner, a cat has been knowrn to open a kitcheln-dlresseor tloor iby working tile tbar which nated as a fastener rotundl from a lihrizontal to a perpendicular position, andl thus gainring ingress. A correspondent sends its the following: "A frientl of mine itas a eat whlich gives a doutble knock at the street-tloor whllen it wants to get in. Thle louse lhas a side door which lhas the uppller ipanels gllass, and tilhe knocker is placed below this, so that by standing on its hind-legs it can relacl the knocker, which it takes hIold of with both paws antid gives a reguilar doulble knock. - Visitors who do not know Tomt's knock tdo not notice nnytlhingin it diflferet front that given bly it lIunan being, and find it very dilticult to believe it is thle cat, until, ivaliting till the iknock is repeated, the door is openedl, tind Master Tom walks in. They are obliged to look pretty shllarp to see that t Ire is in before tile Ilouse is shllut up, as e I has several timies retulrnedl home in the middle of a coldl nighlt, andt knocked again anil again, until someonie has been com pelled to get up and let hint in. Occnsion ally when tile door is opened in answer to i his simnltois, lie will stand pulrring for a I short time and then walk away, as if lie enjoyed tile funl of giving them the trouble I for nothing." 1 Anothellr contribitor writes: "We had a horse whlichl was kept in a stable not far I from tihe Ihouse, and into tihe stablle my man i itltrodtuced a kitten, and a very. close illntimacy soon grew tup between the kitten andti the Ihorse. I have often seen her on hIis naek, which her equine frientd quilite seemed to undlerrtand, and she made her lied julst under his manger, andi we have frequently seen them hlaving Iits of fun together. The Ihorse would advance hisi Ilhead towards her, when puss would put up both hier pnws and pretendl to scratclh his nose, whichi he seemed rather to enjoy; and then lie -would seize grimnalkin by tihe skin of hlerneck in his teeth, andlift her up andl quietly drolp hier, only to repent the game, -whichll Iboth seelmedl to elnjos "After a while we sold the horse, where upon1 the cat seenmed quite disconsolate. P'reviously the stable had been her home, where shile always stayed excelpt for an oc casional run in thile garden. But now she could not ie induced to stay there, andt for weeks site nlmentedt tile loss of Ier friend by fretting and mewintg about the house." "I amn tempted," says a tlhirdl correspon dent, '"to illtuire whletller instances are common of cats showving affection for strangers at first sight. Twice this has happenled to me; onlce on return from India Iafter eighlt years' absence, and tile second tilme on inthlleran Hill, near Bomnay. "On the former occasion, lhaving reachedtl Ihome itn the forenoon, I was taking a soli tary walk in tile garden after lunch, when a siramnge cnt. trotted utp to nie, rtbetlitself against tle, rollell on tile 11ath1 and frisketl ntoit in front of lie, never censing its de monstration unmil I re-entered the Imouse nud room, into wlhici it accomplllniiel Iml. I irss on the ploint of esptessintg toy sur prise arnd gltitic'tionat the wirml elcomlte their pet 11a01 given me, when my ftttlher erxlsimlted: " Wlat ia calt yott never saw a cal in this Ilouse," anti poor u'ttss. frightenel at tile tope of voice, hiew out of tite room, Ilnd wos never eCen agliln. Poe cisely the same extravtgont tokens of regard were shown me at Matheran on en tering a hloise t1111t itadl beels closely sllhut up dllring tite rains. In this instance the cat Ibelonged to tite Malllee wiho lived on tite llremiiees, 1ut it was a recent acqutisi tion, and hid never seen me before. Tite llttltceltmlent was itlso short-lived like the former one, and ended tliat imorning by l'uss being calugllt witl its Ielad in the butter-slishI whIen Iireakfmstwansannounced. Both animals were full growvn." 'An anecdote wliich Ites just renched me from Americe," writes a fourth contributor, " seems to outdo ll1 fornier records. About a year ago, a cat, ttniterslded and unknown, came to thee Ilouse of Mrs. Leollard, a lively Irishwoman. living at 13, Fifteenth Street, South irmoklyn, Inited States; anl the day after russy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs -hich a hen had deserted. Madame l'mss was driven off the eggs re peatedly, for fear she would break them, hut persisted in returning and lying on them. At last, to the astonishment of tite household, she appeared withi four cllicks, wimicel site bad succeeded in hatchlingl Since then, site has hatclhed fotr broods; and on November Stb, when my correspon miCnt wrote to me, site was hatcelinug a fifth! Tite writer says: " When I called to see this citicken-itatciing eat, I foundin one corner of tite kitchen a lrge bird-age, around wh-licit a dozen good-sized clmicktens were strutting and picking up a meal. Inside the cnge, on some straw, was time cat, cover ing four eggs. -In order to do this, site streteled herself full length over them, and so Ilid them from view.' Mrs. Leonard says: ' She leaves them at intervals, but only for a short timo; and tite chickens she has brought into the world show as much filial affection for her as is generally shown by chicks for titeir natural mother.' Thle eat Ihas always evinced great kindness towards lher offspring When hier first brood ap hiarced, salt carried one citicken up a stair, taking it cat-fashtion by the back of tite neck. Tite chicken's skin being tender, blood flowed fron. thie young Itiped; bit the eat applied hier tongtte to the wound daily until it healed, and now tite chicken is a full-grownhien." Itn tite course of an animated discussion in the columimns of the iSotsmnn nenspaper on tite subaject of animal- intelligence, several good cat stories were related. We quote one or two of them. Sonie tweistyfive years ago a young lady residing in the Crown and Ancior Lane, Carlisleswhile alone redding a book at the fireside, fell asleep; She was suddenly awakened by the eat, which -hiad;mounted her back, and: was violently tearing her hair, to discover that her clothes had 1 caught fire to such ian extent, that-- she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. The tenacity of life in the cat is well illustrated in thefollowingatory from Land I aiii4 )aaer, given is -thei'iords of.:tthe narrator: Orcatly to the sorrow of the - children, our cat, a half Persian, suddenly disappeared, and her accustomed placeb - the learth, "knew her no more." Search was matlde high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we i conjecturedl either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise last Fridtlay on seeing puss quietly walk in, i scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covredwitlih fur, and take her seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed and caressted adt liituni. 'file next day we learned Iher adventures. It seenms on the 24th of February, puss had strayed in to I pay a neighbour a -isit, and then finding a plank of the flooringt up-a man was alter- r ntg the gas-pipes-bd retired into ttlis 1 oto reek mice. In tdns course the plank was nailed down, and the cat matde a prisoner. IHere then, without fond, drink, or air, puss renainedt until the 20th of 1 Marchl, when her incessant scratching made the occupier of the house fancy a rat must have a nest there, andt take uip the flooring to lay poison. The poor creature was taken out considerably more dead thnn alive; buit i kindly hursed and fed with little drops of beef-ten, and the next day found strength to crawl lhone. After her twenty-six dlays fast, I think poor puss fully entitled to a most absoluto indilgence during the re mainder of Lent." Another corresponldent to the Scostman, gives a brief hingraphical account of several ( of his feline friendts. " No. I was a she-cat of the gray brindledt kindl, which I believe I is the Scottish breed. She, like Nimrod, eas a iiiightyv hi,,te-r. Itsa, rabbits, antd partridges all fellvictlms J t her sporting t propensitites. W'hat is remarkable, is, that whatever she killed she invariably brouglht honie,itudlaidlat nrvmnotlhersfeet. If they I were worth keeping, as they often were, I they were approprnatel, while puss sating hier song of pleasure; if they were not worth keeping, they were given hacktolier, 1 antd she dlevoulted them with relish. She ate none till they were lifted and then thrown down to hier again. Shel was fond I of fislh, but unlike other eats, she was willing to wet hier feet for them. Often hlas she ibeen watched sitting on the burn bank until a trout camne within reaclh,when dtown went hier upaw and out came the trout, almost without fail. "No. 2 was a Tomi-cat, red and white. Like No. 1, he was a mighty hunter. At first ie brought thie fruits of the chase ( hiome; but afterwards became more selfish, antd devoured what hie could on the spot. I What was left tie kept hidden until it was required. Perhalps your reanders may con sider what follows Ibouit hlim as incredible but it is a fact nevertheless. lie seenmed to become weary of the lying-in-wait process of catching gaine, and actinally endeavoured to run down hares by speed of foot I Ever after that we considered him as having ai want.' ie was shot because, when a cer tain gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pounced uponi a covey, and deprived the sportsman-garedener of his game. Out of roecvnge, lie lodlged the lshot in poor GTib." A lady in Norfolk writes as follows: "We hail a cat that always camne to family worslhip. Shite kinew the hell, and would race from the garden or yard to reach the iloor ere it -was closed, then take her place demurely on the icartlhrug, and sit erect t with tail curled gracefully round hier pawrs. When hier kitten was olld enough to enjoy thie privilege, the mother made hlercome too n aind sit by lher side in precisely the sanme position, gravely reproving any inclination to p lay.'" t e close our selection with the following extraordinary itnstance of a cat drowning itself, the facts ibeing vouched for by a correspotlndent in Perthshire who writes as follouws: f " I have never been able to find a proper t solution for the pithy saying, 'Care killedl I ita cat;' buit recentlya cireumnstance occurred lwhiclh nny thron some light upon the ] matter, and prove an interesting addlition to your aneelotes of animals. " Some of its a few days ago were looking r from a club window which commandnts a t fine view of the North Inchl of I'Pertlh, and were struck by the erratic movements of a large blick cat. The creature waswandecr ing about upon the Inch in a listless and it seetmed an nimless Sashion, sitting down now and then. and after a brief pause re- - sutiing its loiteringe: Presently it moved 1 clown thie river-side towards ithe bridge which spans the Tay, and we lost sight of the animal and also of our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing the bridge, an l acqiainiithucc laid hold of me, and told mei thlat lie Ithad somethling curious to coin municate in the way of natural history. During his constitutional,- his attention was arrested by the figure of a black rat Sitting upon a heap of stones anti wearing an r.Fspect of the most strange tlejection. 'Passing tn, hie turned round after a little and perceived the cat following slowly in hiis track. Then it came close up to him, gazedl piteously in Ihis face, and gave utter- 1 cnce to a low wail of peculiar anguish. 1 loldting out his lhand out to the distressed creature ie sanil, '"PIoor Pussy ! what's the matter with you?" It looked at Ihlim steadily forn moment, and then ldescendling to thlts river in silenice, leaped in, and keep- - ing its whole biody resolutely under, was 1 drownetd in twno minutes without one attemplt to escape from its fate. Is it 1 known to any one of your readers that animnals are naldicted like men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all-reld of the scorpion putting an end to its agoiny by the ikeen poignard of its own sting, but we are in the hnbit of identifying suicide with those of the hitinan species who cannot bear to face their own actions. Could it le tlhatpoor grimalkin was snler mental naerration, or had eare really kill-il the eat? Were the cares of life too much for this unfortunate of the feline tribe? When we titinik of thie proverlial dislike of eats even to wet their glossy pnws, the act recorded evinces a dee1 detenninetion of purpose and a lixed loathing of life. 