¶ A GHOST STORY. ¶ By Mary Kyle Dallas. ¶ One morning Arthur Haywood received a strange letter. It was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. ¶ "Come at once," it said. "I am going to die, and I want to leave you my property. It seems right to see you first." Arthur had never met his Aunt Maud, who lived by herself in a handsome country residence. She had inherited it from her mother, while the boys—her brothers- were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the ciriest, and a'l he had ever said of his sister Maud was that some thing she had done in early youth had made them all angry, and that they never <=aw cadi other, and, for his part, lie neper desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Key wood was quite alone in the world, this aunt bad written to him. fie expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in ber bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of ibe shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat m a velvet chair, aud held out her hand to him, *• You are a Heywood," she said. "You resemble your father, but are not so stern Selim w.i? stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of it, unless lie was kinder to her than to his sister. " There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Hey wood. You shall have it. I think 3 ou will ba\ e to wait a few months. My heait is affected, I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill. but it will be as I Fay. " Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and tue estate is valuable, and, above all, L hate hypocrisy. I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last." \\\ith these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty year-old nephew to his room at nine o'clock, as though he had been a school boy. It was a large room at the end of a ]on° passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to gc to bed at once. A ni»ht lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit if before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill m the night: but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural, '•It is all this talk of dying and of will and IeiiacicB," he said. <• I shali sleep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly And without being disturbed by so much as a dream unt'J midnijjht, at wbicb hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost s?er, he was awakened with a start, to see at t!~c foot of bis bed a iitile dark woman witli fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser var.t of some sort, and it was Arthur's im prcssion that his aunt was ill. Have you come to cali me J ' be asked. The woman came a little nearer. " ^ es," replied a voice, which made his blood run co'd ; "that woman is dvin 'My nun t ?" ejaculated Arthur.' ° •' Your aunt," replied the figure, "If sonic one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I waat her huncr." " This is a lunatic." thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do srhat seemed best under the circumstances, but the woman was »one He went to the door. It was fastened as* lie had left It on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again. 1 wondering why imagination should °play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were was repeated three times. Each time the , strange, dark woman expressed her desire , to see Maiid Ifevwood hung, and declared that if it were not dene it would soon be too late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had s'ue been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. I!ut the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in a s-irt lie was in the habit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, he was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. Ilisaunt was dying—a servant Lad come for him. When he° reached her room she was in sensible. She never spoke to him again. He could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her memor3r. The funeral was largely attended, rather from cariosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will was read. It left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock aud bar—never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wroie the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. 1 shall leave a*codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." But Arthur had no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of bis dead aunt, who, doubt lesf. had consigned to tbe garret some treasures of licr youth which she did not wish to destioy. And lie took possession of the estate, and soon married aud brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret icmained closed. A garret is a great hw-s to a housekeeper ; hut whenever Mrs, tU'ywocd made this remaik, her hus band would r< p'y that " the estate would be a greater one." "•'Who will fver know?" she would urge. " Who cares ?"' ■' A codicil which 1 have never seen re mains," Arthur would reply. " Who knows what might happen Aud so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeards chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children . and when the eldest boy was ten yea re old it had occurred to him that no thing could be fo delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a la lder sonic fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and readied ti:e dormer window. Perched on tbe sill, he peeped in; but at the monu-nt the iadder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, steaming for help, and the fruit-pickeis. hearing him, inn to his ; assistance. However, though the child had j crept up tiic sloping roof, the men could not j reach him, and knowing nothing of the j tntoo which forbade the opening of the ! garret door, 011c of them bade the cbild re- ! main where he was until he came, and j rushed up the staiicase, followed by all tbe household. The door was soon broken in, j the window opened, the child rescued, j And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments aud smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what 1 To approach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, j and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. I Arthur Heywood was absent from home at 'j the tice. When he returned he found the | 1 ng se..lcd garret door opened, heard his ! -wife's siory amidst her sobs of terror and i proceeded to the spot. There he stood, | transfixed with horror and astonishment, Tbe skeleton upon the bed wore the grey ' dress, tbe white cap, and had the straight i black hair of the woman who had appeared j to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his aunt, Maud Hey wood. 1 Whatever this meant, tbe discovery bad been a public one, and so must the explana tion be. Arthur sent for the _ proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose j possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This°codicil had been inveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these words: " This paper will only be opened if tbe garret is opened Jso. In that case my secret will bs known to those who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarveile disappeared. She ws? well-known in the neighborhood, and feat for letters which I wrote mj'self and ex hibited to curious folk, the truth might have been suspected at the time. "Jane came to live with me as house keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years a»o. I w-»s be' rothed to a man I adored. My brother liupert hated him. He placed Jane -Jarveile in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters anti worked in such a way that my enga.cment was broken oif and my life embittered. My lover left rce with scorn, beiieving a false tale, and married another. One day I nisco-ercd Jane Jar velle's treachery. I went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There wc had a scene, and tliere I murdered her. I stabbed her to tne hcait. She lived only long enough to shriek : •' 'I will haunt the bouse un for this!' " She has dene it. 1 have seen her. But I shall not be bung. The secret is ail ray own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I d:d not lie. " My brother, liupert,cross-iucstioned me, and ma 1c great search for Jane Jarveile; the others were never good to me. Ours waa an unkindly race; but Seiim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. " Priveil by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what has mj life been I Again 1 say—pity me, and pray for me." 