THE JEW-TREE. A Tale of Steyer. DURING the times of the pious Duke Ferdinand there--: appeared in the market-place at Steyer a command that all"; Protestants and Jews who had hitherto lived in the land should* either accept Catholicism or leave the country. At that time people were wont to prefer the heavenly home-' which they pictured in their imaginations to the actual one on earth. At that time the horrors of persecutions and wars were-; genet ally perpetrated in "honour of God," instead of; as later, " out of patriotism and love of the nation." So there were many. of those concerned who removed willingly from their happy Alpine homes into strange lands uncertain and distant; many' were driven out by force; many crept out by one hole and in again through another, and then were driven around, poverty--, stricken and wretched, in the woods and wastes of the country. The last plan was that adopted most generally by the Hebrews. Not so much out of attachment to their home—which yet was-' foreign to the Jews of that time—as well as he himself was a: foreigner all over the world; but in Steyer the Israelites had , established business; had partly profited from the land, and partly improved and advanced it. So they did not wish to, separate themselves from their property, and such as had larger' stores in the towns, at which princes and prelates had made their - loans, were not ashamed now and again actively and industriously to drag their green bundle from house to house—as the bees begin, anew when their hives have been removed. But the antipathy against the so differently constituted Jew,, who was often selfish, and far more cunning than the Christian,, remained ; and instead of respecting him, on the other hand, for' his good qualities, and of introducing them among Christians, only his bad habits were seen, and these elaborated with the most horrible pictures of the imagination. It was well known, of* course, the Jew poisons the wells, steals Christian children in order to butcher them for the Easter festival, just aB he crucified the Saviour—isn't that enough ground to strike him dead 1 The priests egged on, the authorities chased, the peasantry were the hounds, and the little Jew fled and was without protection' under God's heaven. The villagers, whom a new foresfc law strictly forbade to hunt after the animals in the woods, other than the greedy wolf and-, the fierce bear, which then made the land unsafe, such villagers now devoted themselves exclusively to Jew-catohing. One of the sharpest of the Jew-catchers was Hans Holler, the justice of Stubau. He had once purchased from a Jew a stony acre of land, and indeed for a good round sum of money, because he had been informed that under the pebbles of the acre there was buried a treasure of pure gold and jewels. But when deep in the night he dug with sweat and anxiety, he found under the stones nothing except stones, and then be came to the conclusion—the Jew had deceived bim. Since that time there' lived in him a deep hatred toward the Israelites, and when, therefore, the ducal order was proclaimed, he was rejoiced beyond measure, and in its honour had with his own hand delivered more than a half-dozen Jews to the gaoler. It happened one day that the justice of Stubau was proceeding homeward alone, with his stately stick in his hand, from divine, service in a distant church. He had to go through the woods, and came out into the road, where there were only a few larches standing. And in between the branches of these trees he perceived a Jew. He had squatted on the grass, and had just practised his religious ceremonies with book and strap. When he became aware of this dignified man he had immediately strapped his bundle tight to his back and hurried away, with his hood fluttering behind him. The justice set after him, and cried out, as well as the wind permitted, all sorts of pious wishes :—" Gaushel ! You crosseyed Jew ! Wait till I get you by your beard ! May the plague boil you I Cheat! You have got only rotten goods in your bundle 1 May thunder strike you 1 You poisoned my dog; I will pay you for thut! With interest I will pay you for it, Jew ! Usurer 1 May the wolves tear you ! You sha'n't get away from me te-day, even if your God of Isaac and of Jacob' would ten times " With " God of Isaac and of Jacob," Hans Holler had stumbled badly over a root of a tree; but he was so closely behind the Jew that the latter saw that there was no escape any more. He danced several times round the root of the tree, and then ran to si' red fir tree. • ■ '■/ The fir trees stood in the middle of the field and stretched its knotty, partly barren and partly bushy branches high and wild into the heavens. The tree was to be seen far and wide in the neighbourhood, and often hawks Burrounded its shaggy crown. There was a tradition that the witches, when they rode to tlie! Black Hill, rested themselves on this old fir; that the tree whs hollow, and that the Antichrist had hidden himself in it till at length a lightning stroke would strike it and leave the Antichrist free. There were alBO other similar dogmas of the good old times. To this tree the hotly-pursued little Jew hastened, and in his anxiety, as nimble as a squirrel, he climbed, together with his bundle, up into the branches. Up higher and higher, from liiril): to limb, he crept, until he had woven himself among the giant .limbs on top. The justice of Stubau remained standing in wonder, then he iiaid : " That's all right ; that's all right! Now you will never escape me, Jew! You're caught already." But he made no motion to climb after him. "I'll wait here and keep watch," continued the peasant, giving the public a declaration of his plans, " until the other people of Stubau come out of the church; then we will anoint you, but not as Samuel anointed Saul. They will soon be here." . So there stood the honourable Hans at the foot of the tree as "Jew-guard," and held his stick fast in his hand. He waited for the people of his village who were to come back along the church road, but were not yet in sight. ■ It was very quiet in this field—quite a Sunday stillness; only •far off" in the distance could be heard the bellowing of dogs. The Jew above, who had kept very quiet for a while, now •opened his mouth and cried out from his seat in the tree: " I have an idea that you, justice, will climb up here yet to Gaushel ; to-day!" " Climb up after the Jew !" growled the justice. " God forbid ! We will get you down without that, my Kosher fellow. We will •toast you, down here once 1" " God of my fathers!" whined above the little old man, aiid pulled his legs up as if he already felt scorching smoke. Gradually the heavens became overcast, and the wood district stretched out round about lay gloomily there. A heaviness in the air betokened the approaching evening. Hans Holler stood by the tree and looked out for the people. " Alone he did not reckon himself able to get through with the .Jew, who now occupied an advantageous position. Should they have chosen just to-duy that much farther road through the valley? But the devil had to select this day to furnish music at the village inn ! " Lord God Sabbath ! they come !" suddenly cried the Jew up in the tree. " Woll, God be thanked !" Hans Holler breathed out. But when he saw what was coming he let forth a terrible cry of alarm •and shot around the tree in raging anxiety. The wolves came, a whole pack. Straight as an arrow they came across the fields, smacking their jaws for a nice Sunday morsel. ' Then the stately, otherwise so dignified, justice became suddenly as agile as a wild cat; climbed up the trunk into the branches— now already the beasts were below. 'They surrounded the trunk; they howled till they filled the air ; they gathered round the tree-bark and bit into it, and raged and acted as though they were going to climb up. '"'" Nice evening, Hans Holler!" mocked the Jew. The village justice almost lost his hearing and his sight, for just over his head Gaushel was seated. It needed only a single tramp of his foot and Hans would lie below—but he would not fall upon the hard ground ; he would fall on the backs of the wild pack. " Praised be God, you are of the tribe of Judah 1 And if your wish is fulfilled that the wolves should tear me to pieces, you, at least, would be with me." So the Jew. ' The peasant threw one curse upward and another downward, .and then he finally began to cry most dismally. The surrounding • woods gave him answer; otherwise everything round about "remained silent, and there came no help. People from Stubau had been already for a longtime there at the village inn, and danced in the gayest joy. " You must make yourself more comfortable, neighbour," said the Jew. " Lift yourself up farther to me ; these monsters will remain the whole night!" "Curse it! curse it!" gnashed Hans, who tremblingly held himself fast on the branches and had thrown his logs around the 'trunk as far as they could go. From now on he directed his oaths ngainst the wolves ; no longer against the Jews. It began to darken. The gloominess was occasionally dispelled by flashes of lightning, which from time to time also wakened up the thunder. " This will be a good night again for Jew-whipping 1" snuffled Gaushel, referring to those inhospitable, stormy nights in which 'bands of peasants went from house to house to drive out with ropes and switches any Jews that might have sought shelter in •them. And in point of fact the storm did not remain long away, while the monsters below were blowing around the tree on which they knew there was good booty. Up above, the hawks came 'fluttering, surrounding the tree like ghosts; and the storm increased in fury. First it could be heard rustling over in the woods, then it could be seen by the flashes of lightning whirling •up duBt and sand in the fields; and now—now it was here. With power it seized hold of the lonely fir tree and shook it so that the ibr inches groaned, and also the people that were hanging on them. " Hold tight with hands and feet 1" cried the Jew to the peasant, and reached down with his hand in order to seize hold of Hans by •the arm. With much trouble he pulled him up to his resting place, where the branches were thicker and more protecting. Pain, hail, were already falling down among the branches ; blind flashes of lightning tore the night and showed momentarily the wild uproar. "And if your wish is fulfilled," said the Jew, '.'that the thunder should strike me, then you are with me also." I The wild force of the elements increased, the old trunk of the tree trembled from its roots, and cracked and threatened to break. Both men saw their mortal danger ; they cowered together upon the shaking branch, and prayed aloud—each to his God. But this God overwhelmed with the angry voice of His thunder these dismayed companions. And at the foot of the tree howled the wolves. The rain continued to fall, and after both were drenched to the skin, the Jew hunted out of his sack a whiskey flask, and wanted to hand it also to Bans to drink. The latter's teeth chattered with cold and fear, but he did not drink; finally he became quite still, and was stuck, as if half dead, in the fork of two branches. When the much tougher Jew saw that it needed only on his part a little nudge and the enemy would lie below, the wolves would satisfy their hunger, would then disappear, and he would be saved—as the Jew weighed all these things, what did he do 1 He teok another strong pull at the flask, and then—poured the whiskey into Hans' mouth, so that the latter should again have a little strength and courage. Hans' position was such a dangerous one that the Jew had to always keep holding and supporting him, so that he would not every moment fall into the abyss. And when the storm finally exhausted itself and only the icy wind whistled, the wolves below the village justice gnawed on the tree and fought and bit each other horribly—then the Jew, GauBhel, seized the village justice tightly by the hand and said : "Hans Holler! The Christian and Jew, you and I—we are enemies to the death. Your God is a God of mercy,, mine is a God of revenge, as you are wont to say." " Be brief, Jew, be brief !" came from the village justice. " I know what I have to expect from you, and that there is no mercy with you 1" "Hans Holler," said the Jew, " my mother was a human being, and your mother was also a human being. You have chased and persecuted my people from old. The wild dogs which men obtained and protected, they have become his faithful house-friend. Those which he has pursued and chased, they have remained wild dogs and the enemy of man. You have sworn the destruction of my tribe, but I will not kill you. To-morrow you will again be a powerful man, and I the hated Jew whom you whip, but I kill you not. My mother was a human being." Further the Jew said nothing, and Hans Holler also said not a single word. Feverishly they sat together on the treo the whol? night. Gaushel had opened his bundle and with his rags pro tected himself and his neighbour from the worst frost. "I am used to such night shelter," he said, " but you, judge, may have a better bed at home." As the morning appeared and the protty birds awoke in the woods, as the flocks went tinkling their way in the valley and the shepherds followed with their cries, then the wolves left the treo and crept hack with hanging tails into the woods. When both the men with half-frozen limbs clambered down from the tree, the servants of Hans, who had risen early to hunt for their master that had nob returned, were just approaching, Immediately when they saw the little Jew they wanted to fall upon him. The village justice motioned tliem back. Laying his hand on the Jew's shoulder he said, " Him leave in peace !" They were very much astonished as he took the wretched-looking Gaushel with him to his home. After they had both refreshed themselves from the terrible night, Hans Holler said to the Israelite, " Remain with me and be baptised ; you are already a Christian." Thereupon said the Jew, "I remain faithful to my fathers !" and shuffled away. Hans Holler, the village justice of Stubau, looked after him for a long time, with much head-shaking and strange thoughts*. And from that day Huns did not do any harm to Hebrews. The old fir tree in the field was called from that time the Jew-tree. To-day it stands no longer, but in its place is a young and fresh one. For so HanB had commanded his descendants: "The tree shall be the memorial that this event shall not be forgotten. Replant it!" —Jewish Exponent. A Jewish schoolmaster at Smyrna has been decorated by the Sultan with the Order of the Medjidie. This recipient of his Majesty's favour is M. Moise Fresco, Director of the " Kether Thora " School. The Greek A rchimandrite in Jerusalem has for some time been desirous of purchasing a cave on Mount Olivet, which, accordin to tradition, is said to contain the graves of the Prophets Haggai, Zechariali and Malachi. Through representations made by influential Jews in Constantinople a firman was obtained from the Sultan prohibiting the purchase. '1 he Archimandrite there* upon proposed to build a church over the cave; hut a telegram has been sent to the Porte, asking that this project be also forbidden. 