L`EONRRD LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. Sw ANGUS B. REACH. CnarPm. XXIV.-(Co-rlNDUE.) At 10 o'clock exactly I took my way over the sandy beach to Peralta's hut, which stood a little apart from the other buildines, towards the landward extremity of the ranchiera. As I plodded along, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters; sometimes stopping to look to seaward, where all the Slights of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a loud outcry, in which I could dis tinguish the yells of an Indian, and the grffi voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of. them carrying lanterns, which gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. the principal gate of the fort, and then the Indians, who were left out :side, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, until they were threatened by the sentries, and told they would be fired upon if thor did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquire into the cause of the tumult, but I judged that it was probably occasioned by the arrest of an Indian who had committed some crime: perhaps, as was v .ery common, stolen or secreted a valuable pearl. However, I did not think much of the matter, and soon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large house as compared with most , if its neighbours, fencel all around with Of; i 1s "formed of double lines of strong tough stakes, the space between them being f.lled.. up with stones gathered apparently from the sea beach. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into a small room, with walls roughly built of wood and stone, through which the starlight was shining at many cracks and crevices, and mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lamp. The place eontained but the most ordinary sort of furniture-a hammock hung in a corner, an ailed bag for holding clothes, a table. and two or three small chairs, or rather large stools. The table, however. was laid out for -supper, and showed a capital repast of fish, flesh, and fowl; while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and begrhicd, as though they had long lain deep in a well-stocked cellar, made a curious contrast to the cracked crockery and wooden platters, and hacked and broken knives and forks which lay beside him. "You see," quoth Peralta, " that, though I may have dealings with kings, I don't by any means live in a palace. There are idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, brocades and velvets are of the former class; hat good meats to eat, and good wines to drink, are of the latter. Now you see I am an admirer of the substantial vanities. I love to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though it be picked up with a broken one-pronged fork, and I love to drink the choicest vintage of Rhine or Phone, without at all caring -whether I put my lips to a golden cup which Benvenuto bath wrought, ,or to a -calabash which Quake hath scooped before supper." L. saying, the pearl merchant started the work from one of the flasks, and I tasted certainly the most delicious draught which ever tingled on my palate. "e Ha" quoth my entertainer, as I held eat the empty cup to be refilled, "you fid that better than even the most skilful wompound of rye brandy and bilge water. 'est bide aftrs--you have a palate which I grieve to say many gentlemen of your kind and profession possess not, preferring the hot strong drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas taverns, even, to such adorable nectar as ithM. Why, man, hold out thy glass again, the grand Louin himself cannot fish up a choicer flask from the most sacred orgpt be. 'meath the marble pavements of Versailles." Talking in. this way-relating to me strange anecdotes touching great generals \-- .au a-est- aadc--end-- n--kings,- -with' h .'te?-; f'E'oti to believe :his words,; ad held fimiliar converse, and the moral of all those stories being, that the generals and statesmen and kings in question were as stupid, and as easily to be called and af.ighed at as mere ordinary mortals-the supper and one of the wine flasks were soon despatched. Then, placing the fragments in a orner, Peralta produced a sort of purse or a of fagre workmanship, in bright ilver, a which seemed to be the only thing of price in his dwelling-always excepting the meats and wines-and taking from it some tobaco of most delicate savour, we began to aeoke and discuss the second bottle, which -was of a different kind from the first, the wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and coming, as he told me, from Dijon in Bur gondy. While we sat thus, my entertainer took almost all the conversation to himself. He spoke of things new and strange to me: of the crown jewels of mighty poten tates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in the filthy back lanes of the cities of Europe-in the Jewry of London, the Juden strasse- of Frnk-fort. and the Ghetto of Rome. S"And your brave Christian goes past, stopping his nose for the savours of fish fried in oil, and elbowing and jostling the hook inosed, shabby old men who make way, with many a 'Givo. yeou good o'en, my lord;' and 'Faugh!' says he, 'these stinking unbelievers ; why be theynotpacked Addily off to their holy city again '-and so passes he by, to kneel, and eringe, and kiss thekinr's hand; while all the time-ha ! ha ! hal-that very king is thinking and ponder ing in his small mind how best he can SgeSeze the next subsidy out of his faithful ties and towns, and so release the brightest jowelin the regalia, now held in pawn by old Xnao, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the ery dirtiest, raggedest, yellowest- skinned aiuhooedest~-nosed of the whole brother loood-ha! ha ! ha !" : The pearl merchant said this with so much gato, and laughed with so much glee, that I g nto think he mast be one of the fraternity hmself. He seemed to divine my thoughte, r, asif I had spoken them, he, as it were, -" "o, no, no i Senor lucenoeer, although Shave manok trafIio with the seed of Abraham, lsm noneof their tindred ; were I such, I wouldbe wiser than to come here to live in a sty.on this eerching coasat, driving hard Sba?tgaioe or siok oysters." M:: . y. entertainer then went on with his Sstories of Iuropean court, and I was listen f,. with open month, as he told, with many 5 ._ ip and many a meer, how, under the gid -ance of one Chiffminch, he had one night p- ecd up the back stairs at Whitehall to hold eecret interview with Iaonise do Quermilles, cinee Duchess of Portemonth, touching cer jewels which It was convenient to raise iey pon until there should come a ro tt from the conrtof Versaillee, throngh Monsigneur Iarillon, the ambassador of Lnia; when all at once there came a loud rap, accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the d?ior. Peralta started quickly as, but with ?n? appearing at alt dieeompoee&, and open ~the door with sped, a handsome fellow, Sa mulatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in. er4uimiing at the same moment, in a loud wl"hisper " Juan and Bianco are both detected I " Then, seeing me, he stopped as suddenly as though he had been shot; but Peraolta peedily reassured him. .? Go on, man; go on. He who standeth tha is my friend; he is one of us; go on. ' .ve they confessed ? " - l .A'All," replied the mulatto. "'They first " lId the trtha , and then a great deal more t-. n the truth, in hopes the better to save tilr r necks. I sneeze.in with them infto t i"i fort, and heard it all. The soldiers ars ": o"ig. :ia~rdl the order given." : " Peralta stood still for a moment, and then • i. & hurriedly, "Doth it blow ' • \- " The mrdlatto replied, that therewas a light " ar only fim the eastward. :. "With the tide two l.holars nlie elib. . ill- do wt, '.Dj sdo"s on board the ? :i-e miulatto nodded eagerly. Penlta ~to me- Isuppose," qooth he, " yen ne~o objeo tlnt k a na stata-t of it tiis "None, none, I replied," wondering with my whole soul at the meaning of this strang scene. " Follow me, then, and do as I do," re plied Peralta. He swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when he saw me copying his example to the letter. Then, blowinm the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into r the night, walking quickly but cautiously I amongst the scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, so put none though I was almost bursting with curiosity In a minute or two we heard the measunred tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of thcir amps burst forth together as they marched round the corner of a small street, fol lowed bya great many Indians. There was F hollow place close by where he stood, with I ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into s this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging himself flat upon the ground, while the mulatto and I followed his example. In a minute the r soldiers marched by, with their attendant rent of Indians gabbling and chattering very eagerly. "Now," quoth Peralta, "for the beach, and make as little noise as you can in run ning." With these words, off he set, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought possible. However, the mulatto and ' kept close behind him, meeting nobody, although we heard a distart tumult of voices in the rancheria, and the tramp of people ruiming hither and thither. There were half a dozen skiffs andcanoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheer. ing backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at Whitehall Stairs, we follow ing closely upon his heels; but just as we had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Peralta cried out to us to hold, and then stepping back upoh the jetty, very cooly cast loose the painters of the whole of the re mainder of the boats from-their fastenings, and gathering the ends of the ropes together, as a coachman does his reins, he shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our wake. "Pull away, my good fellows," Peralta then said, taking an oar out of one of the skiffs behind us, "I will steer you." Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see, by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, "it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must when the devil or an angry Spaniard drives." All this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of s great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, "Disco! Disco, ahoy I" A long shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragna, with her two high raking masts, and, pausing on our oars, we heard the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. " Disco is all awake," said Peralta, and in a moment more we were alongside and tumb ling into the piraguna, which, notwithstand ing her veryconsiderable size, was so light as to rock violently as, one by one, we leaped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a sfosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamour on shore; and he asked eagerly what the matter was. "The matter," said Peralta, "is that we must get to sea as soon as we can. Thank Godthe breeze comes fresher-that puff quite. ruffled the water. ,Tenipa," this was to the .ti't o, .:jonp foward and ont the cable no time for woighing. Disco, get d sweep or an. oar out on the larboard bows to cant her head round. Lindsay, bear a hand my man, and get the canvas upon her, or eome.of our friends ashore will be swimming down upon us with their knives in their teeth." The coolness of Peralta was capital to see. Just as Jenipa's knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching, the larboard bows of the piragna, she swung round with her head towards the shore we had just left, while Peralta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the fore sail from tholong supple bamboo yard, and then both of us clapping on to the haulyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the topof themast, and then catching the faint puff of the sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in the night time, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail upon the piragna. We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugsail was very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, up the mast, and when after having made fast the haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. .The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. I heard no loud rushing gurgle, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet thelights upon shore were flying by us as though we were borne on horseback towards the sea-the great white flakee and stripes of frothwhichhad floated into the river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble-while the skiffs which Peralta had cut loose wore almast ontof sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wander, at which Pertits laughed pleasantly. "Your Will-o'-the-Wisp mgsy be fast, Senor Bunccaneer," he said, " but no wraft that ever came of the stooka of European ship-builders will sail with the boats which the Indiane--savages we call them-can scoop with rude tools out of a single glorious tree. Do we not moae like an apparton- sea spirit ? Let the Spaniards chaose us in their clumsy wooden boxes, the piragae will earn her right to her name, though all the [navy of Old and New Spoin wre flashing inher.wako. I calliher the Ghost; dose not she glide like one fleeting to the eepulo?re at the ft glimpse of the light of the morn looked at Peralta, beginning to suspect that the sudden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapour a little; but, if it were so, he very soon came to him self. "Hark " said Discs, "the surf on the bar." "?nd see," added Jenipo, " lhe lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the offing." "Forward, and look out. both of you," cried leralta, sharply. " Keep your eyes open on either bow."" Meantime I erouched down by the steers man on the weather-quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much further to sea than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of sand, which run out from the bhr, and over which most of the smaller barques could float very well. The leadinga ships, however, ap peared to be as close to the bar on one side as we were on the other. "Now," said Peralta, "grant that the stupidity of those fellows on shore will keep them from making any signal to their com rades out at sea." But the words were hardly out of his month, when the water and the sky were lit up with a mightly flash, and the loed report of a great gun-a small bat tervofwhichwas plantedbeforethefort-ame rolling down the river ; and immediately afterwards a straggling volley of small arme rqttled all along.the bank, as though the seldinrs were diapirsed and running downli ,owarde the sea. By this time, tho.white water on the bar was close abhead? "Starboard- starboard. Kee her a little away, itaste, the chbannelis on thelee-bow," ried Disco. The course of- the pag wua altorad accuadodgly,~ turd glancing ahead, I saw the streak of dark water, leading to the open sea; at the same time that the fleet of pearl fishers answered the alarm from ashore by kindling torches, waving lanterns, and shouting and blowing horns, just as they had done the night that the privateer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this moment, we having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of the night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flow by every swell which rolled in from the offing -not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing the foam sparkingly up into the air, but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying than swimming-borne more by the winds than the waves. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fasloned a craft--so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and bend, and quiver in the seas -but ever on, gaily and' lightsomely she went, sliding, as it were, without noise and without shock, leaping with a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swells, which now, as the water shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by us, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened bhis piragua to a noiseless gliding ghost. While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers: The whole thing passed over me like a vision-a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their canvas flapping, and their booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ing and moaning, and rattling together-of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torches and lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Peralta to lie to, and put about and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in the air. All this, I say, appeared to pass by me like a vision or a dream-and it only lasted for a few brief moments-for the piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flow through the panic-struck squadron, who could no more catch her, than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to astout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piraguna's fore rigging, but even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed bomp fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save one or two loiterers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. co" Ho! he I ho !" laughed Peralta. "Here mes the elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that' the best way to begin the race is to roar a little." And, indeed, any attempt of the big ship to follow us would have' been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more guns, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiouslyin for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and theP setting the head of the boat about nor-nor- west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, "Northward Ho ! for Jamaica." For about an hoar, during whichtimelittle was spoken, Peralta held the helm; He then called us 'all round him,,and apportioned the watches in the ordinary seaman fashion-I beingplaoed with Disco, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed op whose watch should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and- myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the manage ment of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath the half-deck which extended from the bows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himself up along with Jenipa, and the pair wentvery quietly to sleep. During our watch, which 'was tranquil, Itriea to obtain some infor nmation from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I ought to know more about the reason of our departure than he, having come from the shore, while he had been sleeping on board the pirague. At that I told himwhatIhadheard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco havring been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the truth. The Mfosquitto man merely shruggedhis shoulders, and said be could make nothing of it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binoacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confess. Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Peralta's hints about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every' pearl which the merchant bought of the cap tain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by deal ing quietly with the openers themselves, to which class I concluded that Juan andBlanco must belong. This selution of the riddle seemed the more phbable, when I remem bored much that I.had heard touching the great number of pearls supposed to be secreted by the Indians, in spite. of the tmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamaica doops had, I kmew, em now gone to hoves near the Rio de la Hahea havmg theiragent and correspondents, in valious diaguises, lurk ing upon the coast, and of courase keeping up commumnicantion with the Indian divers .and openers; but the adroitness and conuage shown by Peralta in living as a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and snppor?ing the character of a regular pearl merchant, communicating with the captain of the fishery, while in reality he was driving the best part of his trade by underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, no doubt, at great and constont risk of detection and death; all this inspired me with no small respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of the piragua. Then I thought with what cool generalmship he had conducted the retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking his measures with 'as great com posure and deliberation as if he were depart ing upon a pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving thd hut, take with him the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that he must have amaceed; but a few minutes' refcetion convinced me, from, the perfect unconcern with which he had walked out of the hut, not 'earing to pick up any one article of thaose strewn about, that all the valuables whieh he possessed on shore, he carried constantly concealed about his person.. 'Indeed, in the matter of such costly toys as pearls, or precious stones, a man's own garments formed by far the safest depoaitory to be found in the ran chiera. While brooding over those things, the night passed silently away. With the gray dawn, Peralta relieved me, and we crept in our. turn under the half-dock, and slept until thoeasun niose high intothe uncloaded heaven; and the piragna was staggering along under reefed eanvs, bending over to' the whistling trade- wind, and leaping.from sea to sea like a hunted stag. Duning the day, little of nutea. curred. Peraltb. 'avoided. takin: emiutaer into 'hla·-confi~dinnos Mand Iloa: tact enough to see, that I ought te refrain from seeming to intrude upon his mystery. As I watched him, however, I often saw him bite his thin lips, and wrinkle his forehead, and clench his band, as if dis-. tressingthoughts haunted him; and at last he broke out, addressing nobody in particu lar, but speaking moodily to himself " Those poor follows ! " he cried, " those poor fellows, Juan and Blanco-I would give every pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and sound in this piragua. The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, indeed, it may have been ahlready done, and their bodies are swinging in this same sea-breoze?" Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort we could have possibly made would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. " No, no," said Peralta. " We could not have got them out of trouble; but we have been the cause that they fell into it." He pondered for a npinute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew it forth, the hollow of the palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in the sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then he poured the precious morsels from one hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. " Ay," he cried, "and you will sparkle in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across the western sea. Little will she think how her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornment are but si coagulated drops of human blood. Red, red, you ought to be, and not'of that lying virgin whiteness-red, red, you ought to be, as the guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but as lumps of brown carrion-only good to feed the vultures and the crows !" At this, I observed Jenipa and Disco ex change curious glances with each other; but Peralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hiding place, and resumed, to a certain degree, his usual manner. " I doubt not, he said to me," presently, but that your acuteness hath taught you much of what lost night you burned to know. The two poor savages of whom I spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare pearl hath come to my wallet, instead of their Spanish task-masters. But all is over now. While I remained on shore I risked tihe danger borne by my confederates. Had it been within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring them off, but at fell out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find the next world a better one than this.' Having pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I ndver heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and hanlyard cracking and straining; the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above,' and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and olished sides, she tore away upon her head long course. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, sending theoyoung hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragna for very cheery-hearteduces-Peralta smiling slyly at my antics-and sometimes lifting up my voice, I san" an echoing chorns to the music of wind and wave ! " A day or two,' I thought, "and I shall see, sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I- love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jeim, the true hearted, and Nicky Hamstring, thu morry minded ! " Alas ! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay- not so fast ! There are per?le and sufferings for you, by sea and landj; ere you step uponl English groind again! CHAPTER XXV TIcI PIraGUA Is PICKED UP BY A oasT ra RvATEERu, AiD I FIon SYEiS AScIONG zu NEW We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. Atthe setting of the siun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle watch. I roused up about an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua heaving upon smooth, oily swells, all un rufled even by a puff of wind. There was a great dank mist around us, packing upon the water as thick as smoke from a man-of war's broadside, and .the very air seemed loaded with chill damp. I walked up and down the small fore deck of the pirague, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow away to lee ward the filthy fog, which seemed, as it were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the piragua. St mding at the bows, I could not see the stern, and as for the heads of the sails they were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as the black-looking undulations of the sea rolled underus, the mist seeming to rise andfall with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from the motion of the waves, although nota breath of wind strayed-over the ocean. I might have been upon duty about hald an hour, when I almost leaped from the deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whence I knew not, but ringing shrilly through the thick air, a loud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. " Disco," I ahouted, "did you hear that? What was that cry ! " But the Indian, instead of -answering me, stood dumb and trembling, as though struck with terror. Instantly the cry was repeated, and even louder 'nd more vehemently than before. -" It is a'spirit," asail the Indian. 'It is some bad spirit of the fog. Itm will come to us and kill us." But I heeded not the superstition of the ignorant creature, and made but one bound towhere Peralta lay sound asleep, clutching and shaking him to arouse him, and telling him in tho same breath that there was either a ship or a boat close aboard of us in the fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for the spaeo of about ten minutes -we listened with all our ears, but heard no sound, other than the tapping of our sails and the creaking of the yards as they rubbed and swayed sgainst the mansts. It was odd that, although both Disco and myself heard the cry so distinctly repeated, we neither of us could tell the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might verylikely be an enemy, and which would certainly be more than a match for the light pimgna and her crew of four. All this while the dawn w?-w gradually brighteningthrough the mist; the fog, which before was of a pitchy dark ness, becoming gradually of a palo grey hue,- and then. lifting and opening here and there, so as to show lanes, as it were, and patches of clear air, which, in ahe next moment, would be ,gain filed up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mist waes evidently thinning as the cun approached to the horizon, and we watched warily to catch thd firat glimpse of otir unknown neighbour. Presently, the fog began to change its cold white hue for a tinge or blush of warm and golden light, which appeared, as it were, uo penetrate and pervade the vapour, aud by which we knew that the sman had rise; while, at the same time, our glimpses into the ever-shifting lanes and clear spaces contiuually being formed by the motion of the seething .?w?aths and masses" of vaponr, becoming every moment longer and cleare'-Peoirasl, who was etanding upon the starboard gunawalo ef. the piragna, suddenly exlaimed, in a low, earnest tone, "There ! look there !" SWe all turned round at once, and saw, not thirty fathoms from us, the dusky broadside and towering riggi of a ship. . She was graeelly, rocking upon the long sena; the mist all curling round her, and floating, as it appeared, in blurring patches and masses among her extended sails, so thatthe masts and all the fabric of spare and canvas which they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no time, however, to make any very minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon'af we saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into the main rig ging, shouted out, in French and English, that we should pull the piragua alongside. I looked at Peraltt. He slightly shrugged his shoulders. "If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " IHo the piraguna ahoy !" was now again hailed from the strange ship-" come along side, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you." This threat had hardly been uttered, when, as if to back it, a cannon was fired from the maindeck, and we heard the ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pass above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away, and, as it were, con densing and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around-so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top-gallant- sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging in a loose and disorderly condition-the jibindeed hanging in great festoons down from the bowsprit-so that when the ship plunged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pouring from the belly of the sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly- looking craft ,theve.n"e cd :to be. a great eaarm of men. t nadýdi csficti&ed; upon fbaho'hplslg and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out " Why, comrades, never believe your eyes -if it be not Old Rumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Ruambold ? Hast been a privateering in a bark cano--or chaffecring with and cheating the honest Indians of the lMain 1" Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which the men on board the ship cheesed hastily, and shouted to Peralta or Rlumbold that he was an honest fellow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearl merchant, and saw that lie was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. "Had it not been for that cursed fog," be whispered, " this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'eun row with the tide and humour them." kTO B iTIN(UD. 