XI. "We played our fir-st game with the ivory chessman when St. Scvvuu returned from llie clu"b. I am free to eonless that it was an oc casion forme. I had dusted all the pieces and had the board all laid when St. Servau mitered, and when we drew for choice of move- the dominant feeling in my mind was the thought of the dead man sit ling nil alone, with the white rook in hn hand. There was an odour of sanctity about, the affair for me—a whiff of air in the bind of ghosts. . ^wertludeHtt, my loins were girded, up, and I. was prepared to burr .myself as a man in the ’strife. We wore curiously well matched, St. Servau and I. We hml nluyed 2*20 gaum-s. and, putting draws made, each had scored the same number of wins. Hu hud hie days, ami so had I. At one time I war. eleven games ahead., but since that thricc-bleesud hour I had not peered a single game. He had tracked me steadily, and eventually lmcl made tho scores exactly tie. In these latter days it had grown with him to be an article of faith that as a chess player I was quite played out—and there was tv tiiao when I hud thought the same of him! Ho won tho move, and thou, as usual, th:*ro came an interval for reduction. The worst thing about St. Serven—regarded fr< *rn a chess* placing point of view— was that ho took such a time to begin. When a man has opened Ids gaiuu it is excusable, laudable, indeed—it ho puuhon to reflect a rensoimhle length of timo. . But I never knew a man who was 30 loud of re flection bofom a move was made. As a rule, that absurd 1m bit of his had quito an irritating effect upon my nerves; but that evening 1 felt quite cool and prepared to sit him out. There wo sat, both smoking our great pipe.-,, ho staring at tho board, and I at him. lie put out his hand, almost touched a piece, and then, with a atari, ho drew it back again. An interval—tho same pantominc again. Another interval—and a. repetition of tho pan tontine. I . pulled a cloud of smoke into tho air and softly* •sighed. I know lie had been ten minutes by my watch. Possibly tho nigh had n stimulating effect, for ho suddenly stretched out hit. hand .ami moved queen’s‘kuiglit’s pawn a single square. ' I was startled. Ho was grout at book .oponinge, that was thoabsurdost part of it. Ho would lead you to suppose that ho was medita* 'ting something quitn original, and then would perhaps begin with fool's mate after ull. He, ■at least, had never triad queen’s kuiglit’s pawn it iginglo square before. i 1 considered 11 reply. Pray lot it be understood .^-though i would not lmvo confessed it to St. Servau for tho world—that X ura no player. I am wedded to tho gome for au hour or two at night, or perndventure, of un afternoon at timea, but I shall never be admitted to its inner in vstorius—neverl not if XouUpim Methuselah, lam not. built Mt«l way. St. Surwan w»«U were two uhiUlrcn who loving •ttu' non. (hlil>lc thou foot in tho dioHon-s left by llin li<le.. I liiivr no doubt i lint theta uru u dozen radios to Unit oiipiiiu? of his.bnt t did not know utiv thou. i linil .onto Utuyidea of developm? n s»nw(t my own, white hooping au °y° oti his, ana for that nunioso put out my hand t.) movo the 4iu«en*.H pawn two, when 1 "Colt tuy wrist grasped by -well, hv what felt uncommonly hko an invisible hand. -I was so startled that 1 almost dropped my i>ine. 1 drew my hand back aynin. ntvl wn.i conscious of the slight detaining pretWiro of unsoou fingers. Of course it was ]mlinci»atiou, lint itsaeincdao ivui. and wm» ao unexpected, that-—1well, I set Una my pqm moro flrmly holwcon my lips—it had all but fallon from my mouth—anil took a wind or two to niltn my uurves. i. glanced up, cautiously, to sea if St. Servau noticed my unusual no* htiTiour, hut his oyo.s were fixed *t»*uily upon the hoard. * , , , A tier a momenta hesitation—1« ivas absurd . —1. jitrfttohod out my hand again. The halhirination min repeated, ami in very tangible fcuuri. X was distinctly conscious ot my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a pinco thad never meant to touch, and almost, before 1 was aware qf it, instead of the move I liijit meant to make, T. had made a. servile Cup" of St. Sorvim’s opening—I ha«l moved qucmi1 knight’s pawn a single situate! To adopt the language ot the ate l>ick Swivoilcr, that was a staggerer. I own that for an instant I was staggered. I could d» nothing else hut stare. .For at least tun Hecoinift X forgot, to smoko. 1 was conscious that whoa St. Set van eaw my move ho knit his brows. Tliun Hie usual interval for reduc tion came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as X supposed, ho had deotdod on Jus move, ho Hfi'otchoa out his hand, as 1 hud done, and also, an X lia<l dono, h« drew it b:utk a gam. 1 wns a little? .startled—ho seemed a little startled, loo. Thorn was n momentary pause ; hack went lu’s hand again, ami,by way of vat*ring the monotony, he moved—king’s knight's pawn a single square. I wondered, and held my peace. I hero might bo a gambit bused upon these lines, or there might not, Imt since I was quite clear that I know no reply to such uti opening, 1 thought 1 would try a Ultl« experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slight out conception of any particular move in my head, hut simply to sen what happened. Instantly a grasp lustcncd on my lyrist i my hand was guided to king s kiiightbi pawn a single square. , . This was getting, from every point or view, io ho distinctly interesting. The chessmen an. neared to ho powteswed of s» property ot which Jjobmeau had been unaware. 1 caught, myself wondering if he would have insisted on :i hhde-r price if ho bid known of it. Furiosities nmvadavH do fetch such fancy sums—and what pi-ire far aglmst They appeared to be auto matic oh.'ssmeu—jtlt‘>»’»i»licin a ecaso entirely tnHuving made my move, or having had some IkhIv ulse’s movo made for me. which is per il,, „j the moie exact way of putting Uu 1 conteainiiitoil mv antagonist. When he saw wlnU had done, or what somebody else had done--the things are equal—»St. Servaii frowned. Hi- belongs to the bony variety, tlm people who would not loll in a chair to save their lives—his aspect struck me as being even mow poker-like than usual. lie meditated Id.- reply an mi conscionnble length oi time, the moro imam Hcionriblo since l strongly doubted if it would be hiii i-flplv after all. But at last he showed signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, his frown became prououm-od* nml he liegan to raise his Wind. I write “ he<Tan,” bocauso it was a process which took some time. Cautiously ho brought it up, inch liv inch. Hut no sooner liail lie brought it over tfic board tiian bis lielmviour become unite siii'Mibir. Hr positively shired, anil to lay eyes seomnit to lio bavin-; a struKtfle with liu own rirht hand. A atru{:"lo in which ho was worsted, tor lie loaned buck in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. Ho had moved ipuiou’9 rook s pawn two squares—tho automatic principle which im pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par tiality for pawns. It was my turn tor rollectmn. 1 pressed tlm tobacco down in my pipe, and thought—or tried to think—it out. tv as it an hallucination, and wns St. Survim the victim ot hallucination too " Hud I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of ray own free will, or hadn’t XV And wluit was the mcuuing of this little scene I hud just observed?. T mn a tolerably strong mini. It would require no slight exercise of foren to compel rau to movo one piece when I had made up ray mind that I would move another piece instead. I have boon told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity oi my right wrist resembles iron. 1 have not spent so much time in the tennis- court and fencing-room for nothing. I lmd tried one experiment, I thought I would trv another. I made up ray raiud that I would move queen’s pawn two—stop me who slop I felt that St. Scrvan in hia turn was watching tno. Preposterously easy though tho feat ap peared to*l»e na I resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement—a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of the feeling, 1 didn’t do. it wns perimps :i3 well I didn’t die. Intending to keep complete control over ray own muscles, I raised my right hand, probably to the full as cautiously us Sir Scrvan had done. I approached the queen’s pawn. I was just about to seize tho piece when that unseen grasp fastened on ray wrist. I paused, with something of the feeling which induces the wrestler to pause before entering cn the veritable tug of war. I* or one thing t was desirous to satisfy mysjlf as to the nature of Hu grasp--what it wiu that set-mud to grasp me. It. seemed to ho a hand. The lingers went over the back of my wrist, and the thumb lie imatli. The lingers were long ami thin—it was altogether a -bunler hand. But it seemed to bo a man's bund, and an old man*:- hand at that. Tho ski cold. O ttlm gentle particular Tl: him, bur th gbut d of a wart," 1 should ;ay that it f but a beautiful hind, it was alto tinitiated and daw-like, and I would he pressure^ was slight, almost as touch oi a baby’s ha nil, with a union to one side. But us I kept d firm, stiff, resolved upon my own ova. with, as it were, a sudden snap, ■ lightened, and not a little to my , 1 felt my wrist held as in an iron as it must have seemed to St. o, I was*aware, was still keenly % I began to struggle with my own spectacle might have been tun to reality was, at tl .. closed upf The move •: ,ur hand was fastened upon mine, vere forced open—l had tightly lut to enable me better to resist — s forced down, my fingers wore a piece, I was compelled to rward, my fingers wer-i mi .-place tlm piece uj»on the board, a ole ted, tho unseen grasp instantly relaxed, and 1 was free, or appeared to bo free, again to call my hand my own. 1 lmd im vcdi]uec*n\i rook’s pawn two squares. Tin’s may scorn comical enough to road about, but it was anything but comical to feel. When tho thing was done I stared nt St.. Servnn, and St. Servr.u stared at me. We stared at each other, X supjinse, a good lung minute, then I broke the pause. “Anything the matterV" I inquired. He put up his hand aud curled his moustache, aiul, if 1 may nay so, ho curled his lip as well. “ Do you notice any thing .odd about—about the game V*’ As spoko about tho game, 1 motioned lay hand toward my brand-new set of chessmen. Hu looked at mu with hard sui , looking .stretched out his a itifled exocra* I feel “ Is it a trick of yours ;’’ ho “ Is what a trick of mine V' “ If you do not know, then i I drew v.-iiiff or two from at him keenly all the time, tl: tho board with my hand. “ It’s your move,” I raid. He merely inclined his he; momentary pause. When ho Immi he suddenly snatched it lmlf started from his seat with a “ Did you ieol anything upo:; “Moil Dieu ! It is not wh that.” Ho was eyeing*his -wrist as he spoke. Ho held it undur tho glam of the lamp. I bent across and locked at it. For r:o old a man liu had a phenomenally white arid delicate skin —under the glare of tho lamp tho impressions of linger murks were plainly visible upon his wrist. I whistled as I saw them. “ Is it a trick of yours 'r* ho asked again., “ It in certainly no trick of ramo," “ Ih there any ouo in the room besides u« two V” I shrugged my shoulders and looked round. Ho, too, looked round, with something X thought not quite easy in his glance. “ Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certainly no one who is visible to mo.” With hia fair white hand—tho left, not the ono which had tho liiigorramrlcs upon tho wrist —St, Scrvan smoothed hia huge moustache.” “Some ono or something nas com polled mo yes, from tho first—to move, not us 1 would, but—bah ! I know not how,” ; Exactly tUo same thing has occurred to l laughed/ St.** Servan glared. Evidently the humour of tho thing did not occur to him, hu being the sort of mail who would require a surgival operation to make'him boo a joke. But tho humorous Bitlo of tho situation struck mo forcibly. ,, f “Fcrhnpi wo are favoured by thoi presence of a ghost—perhaps ovon by tho ghost of M. Kunicbon. Vorhaps, after all, ho has not yot nlayed his last game with lua favourite sot. IIo may luive returned—shall we say from whore r o try just- one more set-to with us. dear Sr’’—i waved ray pipe affably, as thou; addressing un unseen personage—*4 it ia really vou, I beg you will reveui yourself—matorlaliao ‘is, I believe, tho expression now In vogue—and show us the sort of ghost you urn. Somewhat to my surprise, and considerably to mv amusement, St. Servan rose from hia seat and stood by the table, stiff and straight as a •‘These, Monsieur, arc subjects on which ouo does not jcat.” .. . . . P„ . “Ho you, thon, behove in ghosts r 1-hue>w he was a superstitious man-witness his hdolity to tho superstition of right divuno—but thw was tho first Inkling I had hud of how far his super stition earned him. , , .. . “ Believe!—In ghosts ! In wlrat, theu% do you believe? I, Monsieur, religious m,‘‘ ilo you believe, then, that a ghost is present with us now-tho ghost, for instance, of M. Kunchion ?” „ , ,. .. St. Servan paused. Then ho crossed himself— actually crosKuu imuaun he spoko there was n peculiar dryness m his With your permission, Monsieur, I will ro' tiro to bed.” .. , . There was an oxasporating thing to aa\ There must l)o a largo number of men m Uu world who would givo—well, a good round sum, to |Hit even on the trail of a ghost. And hero were wo iu the actual presence -of something-— let us say apparently curious, at any mto, and liore wa* St- Sorvan calmly talking _ about retiring to hod, without making tho slightest attempt to examine tho thing I It was enough to innko the members of the Psychical Research Society turn in their graves. Tho more sug gestion tired my blood. ...... “I do bog, St. Servan, that you at least will finish tho game.” I saw he hesitated, so I drovo the nail well homo. 14 la it possiblo that you, a bravo man. having given proofs of courage on countless fields, can turn tail at what ih doubt less nn hallucination aftor all ?** •* Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage I knew tho tone—if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands, St. Servan, sit down and finish tho Another momentary pause. Ho sat down, «..d—it would not bo correct to write that we finished the game, but wo made another effort go oil. My pipo had gono out. X refilled T lighted it. . • y0u know, St. Sorvan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghosts.” “ It is a subject on which I never talk. “If something does compel us to make moves which we do not intend, it is something which is capable of a natural explanation.” “ Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, thon r “ l will I Boforo I’ve finished l If you only won’t turn tail and go to heil! I think it very possible, too, that the influence, whatever it is, has gono—it ls quitn on tho curds that our imagination has played us some subtlo trick. It is your move, but before you do anything just toll me what move you moan to make.” “ I will move”—ho hesitated—“I will movo qucou'H pa Ho put out his hand, and, with what scorned to mo hysterical suddenness, he moved ‘ j*s look’s pawn two squares. So ! Our friend is still boro then V I sup pose you did not chnugo your mind V” There was a very peculiar look about St, Scrvan’s eyes. “ I did not cliungo my mind. I noticed, too, that his lips were uncom monlv compressed. “ it is my move now. I will move queen’: pawn. Wear© not done yot. When 1 put out ray hand you grasp my wrist—and wo shall seo what wo shall see.” “ Shull I come round to you ?•* “ No, stretch out across tho table—now !' I stretched out my hand ; that instant ho stretched out his, but spontaneous though tho action seemed to be, another, an unsoen hand, had fastened on my wrist. Ho observed it, too. “ Thor© appears to be another hand between yours and mine.** ^ 1 “ I know thoro is,” Before I had tho words woll out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, then unclosed again, and I J,„d moved king’s rook’3 pawn two squares, St. Sorvan and I sat stnrim? at each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. “ 'phis is very curious ! Tory curious in deed l But boforo wo say anything about it wc will try another little experiment, if you don’t mind. I will conic over to you.” I went ovor to him. 41 Let me grasp your wrist with both mv hands.” I grasped it as firmly as I could, as* it lav upon his knee. Now try to movo queen’s pawn," He began to raise Ills hand, I holding on to' his wrist with all mv strength. Hardly had ho railed it to the level of the table when two uu 1 hands, grasping mine, tore them ugh my strength woro^ of no account. I a sort of shudder—ho had moved queen’s bishops’s pawn two squares, “ This ia a ilovu of a ghost,” X said. Servan said nothing ; but > ho crossed' himself not once, but hall a dozen times. “ Thoro is still one little experiment that I would wish to make,’’ St, Servan shook bis head. “ Not I!” he said. “ Ah, but, ray friend, this is an experiment which lean make without your aid. I simply waut to know if there is nothing tangible about our unseen visitor except his hands. It is my move.’’ I returned to niy fcido of the table. I again addressed myself, as it were, to an im 6t7e 11 auditor. “Mv good ghost, my good M, Fuuichou—if it is you—you are at liberty to do as you desire with my hand.” I hold it one. it mambm* was grasped. With mv left hand I made several pusses in tho air m’, jind down, behind and before, in every direc tion, so far as I could. It met with no resistance. There seemed to ho nothing tangible btit those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist—and I hud moved queen’s bishop’s pawn ** an ro?e irom 111s sear. too much. This rose from his se; “ It is enough. Indeed, it ribaldry must cease. It bad boon bettor lmd Monsieur permitted me to retire to bed.” “Then you are sure it is a ghost—the ghost of M. Finiichon, we’ll say.” “ This time Monsieur must permit me to wish him a good night’s rest.” He bestowed on mo, as his maimer was, a stiff inclination of the head, which would havG led a stranger to suppose that wo bail met each othor for tho first time not ten minutes ago, instead of being the acquaintances of twelve good years. Ho moved across the room. »> Sr. Servan, one moment before you go You are surely not going to leave a man alone at the post of peril.” “It is better that Monsieur should come too. Half a second, and I will. I have only one remark to make, and that in to tho ghost.” I rose from my scat. St. Sorvan made a half-movement toward tho door, thou cliunged ilia ini ml and remained quite still. ‘•If there is any other person with us in the room, may I risk that person to let us hear his voice, or hers ? Just to speak one word.” Not a sound. “ It ia possible—I am acquainted with tho laws which govern eh—ghosts—thuttho faculty of speech is denied to them. If that he so, might I ask for tho favour of a < sign—foi instanco. move a piece while my friend and I arc standing where wu are.” Not a sign ; not a chessman moved. “ Then, M. Funirhon, if indeed it be y and you arc incapable of speech or oven of moving a piece of your own accord, and are only able to spoil our game, I beg to inform you that you are an exceedingly ilbninunered and fool fob person, and had far bettor have staid away.” As I said this I was conscious of a current of cold air before my face, ns though a Bwiftly. moving hand lmd shaved my cheek. “ By Jove, St. Sorvan, something has happened at last. 1 believe our friend tho ghost lias tried to box my earn !” St. Scrvan’s reply came quietly atom, “ I think it were bettor that Monsieur camo with me.” For some reason St. Sorvan’s almost con* totiptuous coldness fired my blood, i became suddenly enraged, II I shall do nothing of tho kind ! Bo you tlihkl am going to bo fooled by a trumpery conjuring trick which would disgrace a shilling seine© V Brivon to bod at this time of day by a gh(4t! And such a ghost! If it were somo thfrgliko a ghost ono wouldn’t mind; but a fool of ngliost like tide !” E»on as the words passed my lips I felt tho ... _e it., Mr.niiit-f ,n«r t-l,i»n>i+ *rKn touci of finders against my throat. Tho touei incroanod my rage. I snatched at them, only to find that thoro was nothing thoro. “lamnyou!” I cried. “ Funichon, you old fool,lo you think that you can frightuu roof You suo tlio.so chessmen; they are mine, bougit and puid for with my money—you daro to try and prevent me doing with them exactly ns I idolise.'* a A (rain Lho touch against my throat. It mado my nigo tlio inoro. “ As I live? I inIU, tlwm all to niecea, and (grind them to powder beneath mylieul.” ...... My passion whh ridiculous—childish oven. But thou tho efreurn stun com worn exasperating —unusually so, one might plead. 1 was stand in? throoorfour foot from tho table. I dashed forward. As I did so, n hand was fastened on my throat. Instantly it was joined by another. They gripped mo tightly. They maddened mo. With a madman’s fury I still pressed forward. I mieht as well have fought with late, Jhcy clutched mo aa with bands of steel, and dung mo to tho ground. 