Wit and Wisdom. .. .1- V- , : t -" : : Life ia not so short but there is always time enough for courtesy. <?>> . Reproof V is like snow ; the softer it falls/ the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind." ? \ . ? ¡ Keep your store of smiles and your kindest thoughts for homo ; give to the world only those which are to spare. Children aro the milestpnes set along, the roadj reminding us of the distance we have gone on the journey of life. 1 The seat or knowledge is in the head, of wisdom in the heart. We are sure to judge wrong if we do not feel right. > "Faint heart never won fair lady," or. con quered difficulties, or achieved glory; but inso lent assumption is more contemptible than a lack of moral courage. ... Wit loses its respect with the good when seen in company with malice, and to smile ,at the jest which .plants; a thorn in .another's ¡breast is to become a principal in the mischief. He who, when called upon to speak a _ disagree able truth, tells it. boldly and has done, is both bolder and milder than he who nibbles in a low voice, and never ceases nibbling. It is the perfection of friendship to be able to receive unpleasant truths without offence. But in all personal criticism let us remember that " a great hand is careful lest it crush." Whatever may have been done to you by an enemy, if it be really an evil thing, a thing that is bad in itself, staining the soul of the doer, do not break a commandment to have revenge. To tell our own secrets is generally folly, but that folly is without guilt; to communicate those with which we are intrusted is always treachery, and treachery for the most part combined with folly. The more people do the more they can do ; he who does nothing renders himself incapable of doing anything; whilst we are executing one work Ave are preparing ourselves for undertaking another. Elder sister: "Why don't you improve your mind, Belle, instead of continually dawdling about the house?" Belle: "What's the use? I'm engaged." Burglar (soliloquising): " Well, I guess that's all I can get here." Waiter (talking in his sleep) : " Haven't you forgotten something, sir ?" (Exit burglar-sash and all.) " There is talk of reducing tho course of study at Harvard from three years to two," said M'Crackle. " The idea is to give more time to cricket and football, I suppose," replied M'Corkle. Maud : " Jack proposed to me when we were in tho surf together yesterday." Ethel : " And did you accept him ?" Maud : " Yes, I was afraid ho would duck me if I didn't." A question answered : To the editor of LIFE My father was an Englishman who married an Australian, and I was' born in Woolloomooloo. Of what nationality am I ?-Anxious. Answer : Italian. Houston (of Texas) : " I've finally settled that SOOdol I've owed,Hank ,Jones ,forvso long." Mrs. Houston : " I'm so glad ! But where did you get the money ?" Houston : " Didn't have no money ; I just shot Jones." The English- 'language sounds funny??? to a foreigner : i'Oh,'by the bye; I will' come by,- by and-bye,- and buy la 'bicycle," said a traveller, and the shopkeeper had an attack of brain-fever try ing to" make out what he meant. ;¡ ' Driver of hansom cab (to young lady) : < " Yes, miss, it's 4s an hour,but I'll have to chargeyou 50c hextra, 'cos you knew every one* of the swells we met in the park, and I couldn't let the horse down in his haction not for .a'minute!" ^ < ir. =. ¡¡. " Thank heaven !'?" said Shak'spereV ghost ; "thank heaven and ' blesa'd; be the' cyclone." " Why so grateful; William P" asked the ghost' of Queen Elizabeth. ; " Because; * me liegess, the paper says the cyclone - destroyed' ' several Ham lets." . . J .? . i - "I heard a compliment for you; last night, Miriam." : " What > was! it; Lizette?", ; *'Colonel Bronson said- you ' were exceedingly well pre served."' ? f A v. i ! - ''ii. i '>:. ' 1 /? i Romantic . 'Miss : "-Did1 it-'ever occur to- you what;,wonderful!sight8 the deep-sea' divers must behold ?" t- Practical Man : " Yes, once. It was when Twas!atsea ina/storm." ; Í 