MODEliN FORTUNE-TELLING. (LOXDON BPECL'ATOE) It iaueceseary, wc suppose, as well as righ to punish fortune-telling for money. One has always an idea, after reading the proceedings before the magistrates, as if good powder and shot were being thrown away for nothing, and as if the progress of intelligence would of itself extinguish that particular variety of misdemeanour. We do not hang witches any longer, nobody can precisely say whv, and the bumkins 'who affirm, as they still do now and then, that Mother So-and-So has " overlooked" their children or. their pigs, receive no help from the Bench, beyond a sharp little lecture, which they do not understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if they have stuck pins into Mother So-and-So on the faith of her witchnood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have set fire to her black cat, they are fined, as if their offence had not been dict ited by one of the most ancient of all beliefs. Still, a fortune-teller who takes mouey is a swindler, usually a conscious swindler, and fools must be protected airainst swindler*; while there is some • tiling to be said for the idea that the legal eondemnatiou of folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men who passed the' A't intended it, wc fancy, not so much for tiie protection of s^rvant-arirls, curious about the complexion of their future lovers, as for the punishment of a kind of blasphemy closely connected with the worship of the evil one; but still, the Act hurts no innocent person, aud it does tend to check a particularly injurious kind of lying. There never was a time when fortunetelling in drawing-rooms was so life, or apparently so much believed in. Society rejects astrology altogether, not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, but because it so rarely sees or thinks of the stars; and it has got beyond dreams, which are supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to be curable by nitrate-of-silver pills, nr it may be by mix vomioa; and the drinkers if tea &t; •5 o'clock are in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely to end some day in a possible appearance of ghosts; so .they devote themselves to rather more inane forms of divination. Sometimes the inquirer's fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensible, as there'is -in handwriting a little evidence of character, though not much, the slightest inaptitude of the fingers or defect of eyesight depriving the manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also that writer's resolve to write a conventional hand. The: most resolute person we know writes a niggling scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if of anything^ of weak indecision ; while women with watery minds pour out those minds in manuscript which Lord Palmerston, who wrote a Circular Order commanding uncial English, would have pronounced perfection. Sometimes, again, revelation is sought from the lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind—that is a separate folly—but the lines, for which the seekers might, if they knew anything about it, plead very ancient warrant. Priests who were wise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny was recorded by the foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, and dreamed that, if the spectator only pondered enough, he could discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or his comparative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, knows nothing of that, and only guesses by a rule which, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather than the foreheads that are smooth. It is not a bad way, if both sexes are present, of making love without being too explicit; but it involves severe staring, and severe staring is rude. Modern society would not be rude, even if it could stare into heaven; and divination by the forehead is therefore usually discarded in favour of divination by the hand. The gipsies are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a rage. Everybody who has time to waste knows something of it, and there are regular adepts— ladies some of them—who make out of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only temporary, incomes. They tell first the inquirer's character, about which they often make shrewd hits, ekeing out the result of attentive observation, or hints gathered within the room by the use of certain common forms, invented, we imagine for the behoof of those advertisers -who promise full revelations of character for a shilling's-worth of stamps. Some of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery in disguise, flattery not of the common sort, but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of mankind. No man, for instance, is told that he is weak; but a great many are informed that they have a strength of purpose not suspected by their friends, or an inner hardness which may spring either from rectitude or selfishness. No woman is ever assured that she is spiteful; but she is often told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and that she is even too affectionate — a useful advertisement when it is read aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will often notice an odd poculiarity. The magician wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definiteness is quite safe, fo nobody, however sceptical, can deny that aoy fortune is possible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though she is poor; her lover may be dark, though she prefers blonde people ; and she may live to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the 6ibyl will shine in her memory" as a prophetess, while if she does not she and her friends will have forgotten the unfulfilled prediction. But the passion for guessing by rule is a very potent one, and occasionally, we more than suspect, masters the seer, who then becomes hopelessly inconsistent, the things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the t! ings which, according to the role, ought to be pred'eted. It is desired te prophesy wealth, bat the lines of the palm mean poverty, or the lines of the wrist—an extension of the art at which we fancy the forgotten Hindoos or fire- worshipping Chaldeans, who invented the whole business, would have smiled—and so the prediction comes out as poverty, to be followed by unexpected good fortune. It is a silly game, but not without its mischiefs. There is a kind of sceptical credulity which i6 most characteiistic of our day, when people will believe anything except revelation, and think a wizard a far more likely being to exist than any sort of angel; and we fancy many a listener finds his or her judgment of character warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledged derived from something more to be trusted than experience. Predictions, too, stick in the mind, and work their own fulfilment, sometimes with effects which are seriously injurious. The practice, too, though it would be folly to make too much of it, has undoubtedly one effect which on many minds is far from beneficial. It develops that taste for the indulgence of weak wonder which of all intellectual foibles is the one that most enfeebles the character, prematurely debauching as it does the nobler instincts of reverence and faith. The fibre of the mind is weakenei, and the " open inquirer" becomes liable to a mental disease which may be best described as imbecile credulity, credulity which is not faith, and is as impervious to evidence as water covered with a film of oil is impervious to air. The spiritualists, when they are sincere, at all events seek something worth seeking, concrete evidence of a future state; but the devotees of these methods of guessing have not even the excuse of an end. If they could see into the future, they would be in no way the gainers, for the very condition of its being the future is that they can neither hurry nor retard nor in any way alter it. It has been said by keen observers that one startling sign of the.approaching fall of a society is theYise in it of scepticism and superstition at once;' and th9ugh we are not pessimists ahout England, where endless symptoms'appear which are only skin-deep, it was oortainly true before Rome fell and before the Revolu-. tioa engulfed the admirers of Cagliostro. 