Parisian Parlance. ' ; , ' ! j ' Paris, May 10, 1800. MASSAGE!: OP TEH INNOCENTS. .. It is full time for the Freuoh to mako a seloo- tion. ct nil events, in tho family linan that thoy wash in publio. By quarrels that ought to bo ended or mended behind tho aoencB, they often inaseucro tho innocents. The Orodit Foaoior is a cqeo in point. . This is one of tho most impor tant finanoial institutions in France, handles n oapital of nearly four milliards of francs, and iransusts affairs superior to that of the B.tnk of Franco. The Credit Fonoier is not a Govern-, mental establishment iu the sonso of tho State being responsible' for its administration. It merely exercises a mero parental Burveillanoo over its proceedings, due to the magnitude of its operations. A Gioantio BoiiniNO. Society.. No financial institution baa contributed so mil jh to the doyolopment of tho material pro- sperity of tho country. . The Credit Foncior has becotno the tvpo for kindred institutions -over tho world. It 1 nds money oh well defiuod conditions, for the building of houses; farm offices, &o; , and the improvement and roulama- tiou of lunds. It must have the first mortgage against its advances on roal property, the sole description it deals with. and it nover invests in anything worthless. Its leant are redeemable by instalments cxtondiug ovtr a fixed number of years, and aro advauoed at very moderatu rates of' iutorest. Perhaps it is the must _ gignntio building sooioty in the world. It is viewed, and rightly so, to bo soundness itself. When it requires a loan, the loan will be covered 30 times ovor. It barrows at a certain interest, and lends its oapital to bufiders, &c.;, at a fraction higher. It was this Eooiety brought ont , the sucoessful bond tiokot lottery tyetem for tho 1889 exhibition. Tho (bares of tho Credit Foncier aro snapped up by humble purees, and its scrip is the favourite, bridal dowry in mnrriago Rottlements. 'The tub-governor has had an amour propre quarrel with the governor. This, ro idling tho publio car, almost produced a pauic. When thoforqjer resigned, the uneasiness— for which there was no grounds — caused a drop in tho shares ; from 1,317 thoy fell to 1,265 franrs. However re- grcltable the incident, confidence ia the insti- tuticn and its governor will not be shaken. The Late Coptsb Ring. Perhaps tho revelations now being mado on tbo triul of the ex- directors of tbo copper ring and tha old Comptoir d'Eseompte, have mado financial functionaries nervous and martinetly tiinid. Tho trial brings to light htrango aud wildcat manners in tho financial world, and must bo a mine of woritb to Zola, who is present at all the sittings, studying the accused — tha four bead centres— as 60 many human documents for his forthcoming novel on " Com pany Bubbles and Financial Squeaks." The head of tho head centres is a typical promoter. According to tho publio prosecutor, before 1S70 he failed in business, bur was white-waBhed un compounding with his creditors at a reduction of GO per cent, on his liabilities. Yet that same individual was able for a time to control all the copper output of tho world, and to involve ths Motul Society and tho Gomptoir> Bank for a total of speculation liabilities amounting to tho colossal "figure of 9c0, 000,000 frano-". That duy of judgment man, the liquidator, to whom all. books aro opened, and the fioa-toe hoart rccrets made known, stated the directors' of tho Comptoir Bank, though bound to lodge security of a first-clasB character, only furnished securities oi a third and fourth ordor. And, yet they und the ex- compounder wore entrusted with the handling of millions, naturally re" suiting in the ruin of thoueands of families. Slowcoacmsji. Other financial tribulation Tha Americans here, who havo claims against the Portuguese Government for kidnuppiug their Delagoa. railway concession, aro ruugh ou their own and the English Governments for their slow- coacbism, in not bringing the obstreperous, fat, fussy, and patriotic, bouncing Lusicaniau to book at once. The Americans simply want tLeir money, and do not ciro a olamsbell whether pressing for their uuth pulls down the house of Braganzn and all the other European cue-man power dynasties. Tortu.-ial ia iu a fix. Sho cannot command tho £2,060,000 sterling to, meet tho dual total due to Uuolo Hoinurid hia Anglo-Saxon cousin. Paris was the only market where Portugal had tho ghost of a chance to raiso the wind, tier attempt to borrow has ignominiously faded. The 1831 Dom Miguolites largely contributed to the collspso iu warning the French, by wall- pofters cs big as crumb-carpets, that thoy have not been paid money lent in 1631. Poor Das- demous ! As Brabantio warned Othello — Lock to licv. Moor ; linvc a quick eye to see, bin- tins deceived her lather, nad luav thee. Bismni toe Torui.ii: Appetite. Apropos of Portuguese matters— Serpi Pinto, rim: i! his arrival iu Lisbon, is dished up iu as many wkjs for the popular appetite -is was Ereumboleby Vicomto J'onson du Terra;!. An eneedcte of Pinto : hlediued one day with Riug Humbert. Queen Marguorito was charmed wi h his eloquent descriptions, for he speaks well. He assured her that ho had already written and published several romances. The Queen wbb delighted and next day ordered a message to bo wired to tho Italian ambassador at Lisbon to send to Home a coraploio collection of Ssrpa Finto'i novels. Tho ambassudor had all tbo publishers' shops in Lisbon searohed, but they declared that thoy had never heard of even a line of novel written or printed by Pinto. The ambassador was astounded, but hs was diplo matist above all, so he wired biok to Her Majesty that tho first edition of Pinto's works was out ol' print, hut that he would forward tho volumes without any delay when tha second c-ditisn appeared. Tie ambassador has died since, Com Douche fob Hot Heabs. The declaration of Home Minister1. Constant that ho was occupied examining the claims of tho 5,000 wild foreigners engaged in politically agitating tho woikrog classes to continue to be residents in France has undoubtedly- proved to bo a cold uonche for tlio hot-headed world refoimers, and the passible retreat of the 6,000 has sobered even native anarchists. Ths laltc-r must not bo confounded with the genuine woikiug defies who despise them ; the anar chists must b9 warned off tho labour move- mint until the seven devils bs oast out of thorn, they cannot bo considered as cleansed and fit to fell into the ranks of oommon sense. , The healthy masses owe a obalk to tho Home Minister, for bis hammer and tongs attitude towardB such politioal loafers and social no' or- - do- wells: — 'Tis tho snmo with common natures, : Uso'eiu kindly, thoy rebel, But bo rough us nutmeg orators, And tho l-ogues obey you well. Organising fob Mutual Suffobt. 1 But it must not be concluded that the honest .working classes are either dead or gone to sleep Einco their trial labour holiday ; they arc organising for mutual support, or federated defence— In a word gettingiuto lino. And em ployers are similarly ocoupied ; they would be great fools were they not to do so. IVhen both armies are fully organised, put down' as many ponies as you please, that instead of fighting they, will pcacably regulate their differences. Their " hands wore never mado to tear oaoh other's eyes,", but to help to beat off politioana from exploiting either of the Greeks. It was only Moliere's doctors that olaimed to hare mcrtgages for tho ouring— or killing— of their patients. Namiso thb HafpyDay. V Ob, name tho day, the happy day." It is dona gentlemen and ladies M. Guerraz, a' rational ohauvinist, writes that tho English will quit Egypt in 1893. He does not say by what loute, Alexandria, huakiuo, or tho Gape. He also affirms that France would gain nothing by the evacuation,, but, on the con trary, might lose. England has two oards in her baud to be played against monBiours before quitting the Nile Valloy: The sole right to go back if neoessary, and aooom'panied by Turkith tioops, that which would make Gam- belts turn in bis coffin, though Mb brain is in a bottle in Paris. Next, requesting as a return romplimint, for Frunoo to fix hor evaouation day for Tunisia. Ho leng as England haa tho most favoured-nation, trading olauso with the Beylical Government, tho JJrenoh protection oi Tunisia is a help, not a hindrance, for her commerce. Bnrmn Evaouation a Fad. As for tbo Egyptian debt conversion, except ing with a few, who make the British evaouu- I tim their fod. tho matter exoites no attention. I Of coureo all Frenchmen would like to see the ; English ont of iho country 'hnd themselves . in. Bnt they do not mean to cannonade Jobn Bull away. Tbo French bondholders view h'a nrcsetoe there aa tbo boat guarantee for tha payment of their ooupons, and tho Powers do nut want to bo oonBulied, May a saving of i some thousands a year bn "pulled to the .radon- ; tion of local land tux ? That's not diplomaoy . j The Next Conflict a 8hoet One. ' - M. Pme-Sivert truly says that nnv '1 matters oooupy prominent attention in Frauoe. Sho -niniB to bo uh furmidablo on so-: as on land. This looks like burning the oat dto at both ends. M. Bivcrt doubts if th-- Frenoh could aope with tho Itnlikn nnvy. Were the latter clliei to the German and Austrian il-ets, it w mid bo im possible, while tho neutrality of England must be counted with In tho next war he believus ithe reprisals for the destruation of tradiog, : vessels will' take the form of shelling seaside towns with long-range guns. France would ba ' mud, according to M. Sivort, to engage in a mari time war with England. But he, builds too much on the curtailing food supplies for the : British, in case of war, while forgetting that, whether cn sea or land, tho npxt conflict will bo of short duration, and that the defeated 'must, pay to the utmost farthing, for all the : musio. A Fishy Bbfobt. The report of the Panama ontcmissionera ia fishy. I'hey want 900,000,000 franos oaah, or something less if the old plant bo utilised. " Don't yuu wish you may got them" reply financiers, shutting down their strong boxes in advance. Tho completion of the canal could rot be ccmpletcd in 1893, but it might he in 1899— say, "a Paqneeon alaTrinite." Tho cotumissicncrs havo Suez Canal on tho brain, whioh destroyed M. do Leseops. Thovhavo the (oolnees to assume that the traffio-fcodiag region of Panama i8 equal to tlmt of Suez: that the tinnago tbrouirh the Panama will rqnsl that of Suez, thouiili tho prioe be '2i franos higher, or 30 per cent dearer, than Sucz'ratos. 