THE KJLVG OF SNAKES.' AN OLD OFFICER'S STORY. I've seen a good many strange things in my time, but the strangest thing I ever saw was up in the north of India about two years after I first w^nt out ; and it was eo remarkable in every, way that I would never have, believed it if . I hadn't seen it myselt la all your travels in India, have you ever been at a place called Jabupur or Jubbulpore, just about midway across from Bombay to -J*Lc3tta ? Well, then, you must remember tbe military cantonment which lies just on the edge of the great plain tbat strotches all the way from tbe native town ' to the foot of the citadel rock. That's | where 1 was quartered at . the time, and that's where tbe thing happened that I'm going to tell yoa about. Just then I was very much taken up with finding out all T could about serpent charming; for, 6ince 1 came out to India, I had heard eo much of it, and ----en eo little (tbe few performance*) that I had seen being very poor affairs indeed) that I thought of nothing els« day and night. So you may think how pleased I was when, about a week^after we got to Jubbulpore, poor Charlie Detain ere (who was killed two years later in one of the battles of the Bikh war) came bursting ioto my quarters one moroiug, calling out — * Xow, Drtfc, old boy, here- a chance for you. There's a serpent charmer going to perform in the compound (coprtyard), and my fellow Lai v&bh; says hu's the best man they've got in the whole district.' Out I flew lika a rocket, and there, sure enough was a tall, bony fellow in Hindu dress, sitting on the ground, with a big round basket iu front of him, out of which he drew three or four cibra, the deadliest shakes in all India. Be took up two of I them, one in each band, and let them coil | round and round hie arms ; ana then he I twisted another round his neck like a rope; I and then be took three more out of bis basket, and began to play oo a reed gipe, whereupon the three last snakes reared np on end, and began to sway themselves to and fro in time with the music. By this time, what with ourselves and what with oar native servants, as well as the hangers on .of the cantonment, there was a pretty big criwd. gathered round him ; and we were all staring as bard as we could, jwhea . suddenly the dancing snakes stopped -Aort,' and the other* that were wriggling about his neck and wrists stood as still as if they were turned to stone. S'beconjorerJooked black as night, and blew away harder than ever; bat to ail appearance he might have blown till bia teeth feUjbuf. for Ads enakas never budged. &U; at fOQb*V*ort4-f~' whistle- was heard - from the crowd, and instantly the snakes dropped off the (Conjurer's body, and ran etratRht towards the throng of people, and tbe dancing snakes ran after them. Kb you may think, tbe crowd scattered in all directions when they saw these deadly creatures coming right at them ; and one man — the only one wbo didn't run away — was left standing by himself in the 'middle of the courtyard. Now, there was nothing out of the way in this man's oppearince. tie was simply a small, meagre, very d«rk native, in prdineiy Bittern dress, Bat, t}ie moment $ se^tnyeyfes on him, 1 felt something 'ae like downright fear as a soldier would care 'o. confess ; and so, apparently, did tbe ?oakes themselves ; for when they came up clo^e to him (w^iohithsy did, I , could not help, fancying, moreas if mastered by some overwhelming fjuce than of their own free will), they atoppm short suddenly, and lay outstretched jln the dust,as though ,4$ad or dylng.^-.^nd'fui. if that wasn't enough, the-old 'serpent cbarmer himself came crawlipg along ^ffcer Jiia , sn&kee;, -«pd. croucMnglbefore this unknown man, 'whined imploringly — . ? Mercy, mercy, Rajah Nagon !' (King of -Snakes), ... 4 King of Snakes 1' muttered our senior cap ain ; * there was a fellow of that name who did wonderful things when 1 wa3 at sag pur three years ago, and this man'e a good deal like him. Can he be the aame ?' He spoke ao low that even we could only 3 oat hear what he said ; bat ^to -toarintter | amisement, the etvauger (who ; stood at 2 Jpast 20 jrards away, instantly Answered* in I p'BrfeettyfeoodjBnglish — ' ' * I am that man, and what I did then 1 can do now. ' Here, fellow,' he added, i turning -&o; ~%he serpent o.harmer. who was] still cowering at his feet, ' take np thy t enakes and begone i* . The . conjuror obeyed, seemingly very glad to get away; «pd I noticed that as he picked -up the snakes they began to wriggle violently, as if life had fast come baok to - them. ?'?'.'???t- ? * ' '- v-'n'-j t'Poihl It's t aU' ' rubbish 1* . whisp&red; Charlia DelsmerejUo ta«i jT he /elloW jfcka* no more do Wonderts than % c*n; itle only that he's a little better enake charmer than the other fellow.' — - Then the mysterious man raised h'sheadt and I saw bis eyes for .the fif*t time , ,1 fcan't tell you wuat a 'turn' they gave me, and no wonder ; for if 1 ever saw a ser pent's eyes iu a man'e head, I saw them then. .They were 'sin^U, and as green as emerelds ; and when he opened them fully they flashed and spirklea as if they were ? on ure. I ? If T'do something 'Which no one else ! could do, Cspitann Sahib,' said he, looking I straight at Delamere. * will you believe that t can work wonders jbhen1?' Charlie looked jrather queer, as well he might; for it seemed impossible for any mortal ear, however quick, to hear at twenty years' distance a whieper tha*- I could barely catch when it was ?, eppken right into my ear. But he wasn't tfofng to let himself be put down eo easily, and he answered — *If you could draw together into one place all tbie snakesin that Jungle! behind us, then, perhaps, 1 might think something of your power.' 4 1 can do that, too.', sail lUjah Nagon, not boastful in the least, hut just as^any man might state a well-known fact. We all looked at each other, mt know ing quits what to say to tbie; and two or three of u* were beginning to ltugh (though I cm tell you 1 wasn't one of them), when the colonel himself struck in. ' U you can do as you say, Ssjah Nag *»,' 1 cried he, ' ''11 gladly give you a hundred I rupees ' (£10) ? for th« job, for I've lost two men already by snak* bitea. and I don't want to looee any more.' 'To-morrow at sunrise it shall b* done,' answered the Snake King, as quietly as ever; and then he disappeared into the ; cowd suddenly tbat nobody could aee where tie went to, hud plenty of the natlvA servants were re^dy to make oath' that he had vanished before tbeir very eyes. I can promise you we were all up early next morning ; and long before sunrise every man of our m**s was out on tbe plain in front of the cantonment, to see what ! would happen. But when we sot there, i*; seemed as if the whole town nad turned out ; for the news of what was to be done had run through tbe old place, and the story lo9t nothing in the telling. Just as tbe first ray oE sunshine streamed along the great plain, our friend the King of Hnakes appeared in the midst as sud denly as if be had risen through tbe earth, wb!ch I've no doubt the natives fully be lieved that be bad. Instmtly the whole crowd fell back, and left him standing alone. Then he fixed those terrible eyes of his up in the edee of the j tingle, and, stretching out his hands towards it, as if beckoning Bim«ioiie to him, broke out int - a kind of chanting s *ng It was the wild+u-t, weir dent-, ghostlier kind of e^und that I ever heard —now low and dreary as the moan of a sick child, and th«-n again swelling up shrill and high, like the blast of a storm through a leafleFB fores', f c*n't say how it nffneted the others, but 1 know it mtde me tingle fr ^m head to f--ot : and if I hadn't J stopped my ears, I think I should have gone | mid. 1 Presently we saw a strange glistening all along tbe dark border of the jungle, and then the ground in front of it began to quiver and creep, as if it were alive; and i whan we looked closer, rhe whole surface wh6 one ?sh'wt of crnwling euaVe* of nl1 colore and s»iz-»» — lar^e and b-ubH, venom ous and non-venomous alike— all coming straight onward to where the Serpent King stood alone in their mids t, with outstretched hands, chenting his ghostly eong. But here, again, it seemed to me that they cam* on as if drawn by an irresistible power, rather than of their own accord; and once or twice 1 thought (though It may have been only ray fancy) that I could see some of them struggle to stop short and turn back to the Jungle. Altogether, it. was anything but a pleasant sight, although I could not turn my eyes away from it. But ths colonel viewed it in a very different light, and lost no time in sending but parties) of native soldiers upon the fiinks of tbie serpent army, with swords, bill hooks, oj^ heavy bamboo clubs And now the massacre began in earnest. Kill, kill, kill, tbey went on, till the Cund was fairly paved with ec&ly; bodies; i Iresh ho*ts came on every moment, right over the corpses of their comrades, without ever pausing or showing any sign of fear. And still Rajah Nagon's weird song swelled higher and higher, ae if keep ing time to the blows of the destroying clube and swords. , lust then I eaw rharlie Delamere at my elbow, looking as white as« ghost. ' 111 never make fun of tbat fellow's , power again/ whispered he. 'They eay seeing's believing, and I'd never have be , lieved this if I hadn't seen it.' At last the uproar of shouting and strik ing began to die aw*y. No more snakes ; were seen coming out of t he jungle. Thoee that had come out already were all killed, and our men came back quite tired out with killing them ; but when we looked about for the Snake King himself he was : gone. He never came back to claim bis promised reward, and from that, day (though I oftrta heard his name in different parte of India) I never set eyes on him again.* — Cateell't Journal * A. feat similar to that in the text wis performed in Nubia, not long ago, by an Arab ? wise man' from UpparEgypt, 