NOTES ON POPULAR SCIENCE. BY DR. J. E. TAYLOR, SCIENCE CORRESPON- DENT OF "THE AUSTRALASIAN." Astronomers usually regard the moon as a dead world, but recently there have been un- mistakable signs and tokens that it is not so dead as it looks. It has just been reported by Professor Thury that craters have ap- peared in the terraced ring of Plinius. Two craters, cutting one another, appear in the middle of the ring, and Professor Thury thinks that one of them was not visible so recently as the middle of last September. The central opening appears to have been enlarged, for on the 1st of November its diameter was estimated at one-third of the total crater, whereas in September the diameter of the opening was rather less than one-fourth of the total diameter. Professor Thury thinks that emissions of heated gas and vapour would considerably affect the state of the moon's surface. In the centre of Plinius there are two small craters that may have much ice and snow about them, which would, of course, soon be affected by heated gases. If, at the beginning of an eruption, watery vapour were predominant, it would be immediately condensed around the crater, forming a circular field of snow. The apparent enlargement of the opening, therefore, may be due to the melting of the snow surrounding it after the manner above suggested. Anyhow, all the volcanic life is not dead in the old moon yet. A remarkably suggestive paper has just been read before the Royal Society, by Miss Johnston, of University College, Dundee, and Professor Carnelly, of Aber- deen, entitled "The Relation of Physio- logical Action to Atomic Weight." They show that life is associated with a low atomic weight, so that elements with an atomic weight of 40 and under are required by the living organism, whereas those of atomic weight greater than 40 are more or less inimical to life. The light elements which enter most largely into the composi- tion of the earth's crust, and which are, therefore, the most easily accessible to living organisms, are all (with the exception of aluminium) included in the fourteen ele- ments which are required by the living organism. The degree of necessity of an element to the living organism is a function, first, of its atomic weight, and second, of its accessibility to the organism. Thus, an element may be inaccessible to living organisms because it is rare, or because, though common and even abundant (as aluminium), the insolubility of its native compounds prevents their being assimilated. Lithium forms a marked exception to the general rule, for, notwithstanding its very low atomic weight, it has strong poisonous qualities. On the other hand, mercuric iodide, notwithstanding its comparative insolubility, has an exceptionally high antiseptic power. Mr. J. Clarke has just demonstrated the relations between protoplasmic movements and oxygen pressure. The minimum amount of oxygen pressure for the streaming move- ments in the plasmodia of myxomycetes, and in the cells of hairs, &c.;, varies from one millimetre to three. In vegetable cells the variation is much more extensive. The age of the cell appears to influence the action. In the infusoria, shortly after the ciliary action is stopped by the absence of oxygen, disinte- gration commences. The introduction of an oxygen supply of one millimetre is sufficient to arrest disintegration and restore ciliary movements—provided the disintegration has not proceeded too far. The streaming of protoplasm in active cells is part of the phenomena of plant growth. Inability on the part of the protoplasm to continue such movements is always associated with the total cessation of growth. The marvellous vitality and superiority to " environment " of many of the lower forms of life are well known to naturalists. M. Gibier has recently shown that if small frag- ments of pork infested with Trichinæ are exposed to a cold of even more than 25deg. below zero, they actually exhibit greater activity than those seen in the salted meat before its refrigeration. A German botanist, who has been for some time engaged upon the mathematical study of the contrivances for hindering the descent of parts of plants to the ground, and for favouring their aerial transit, sums them up as follows :—1, Dust-like (Schizomycetes, fungus, and fern spores, &c.;, and the pollen of wind-fertilised flowers) ; 2, fruits fur- nished with bladders (as in many of the orchids) ; 3, hair-like seeds ; 4, disc-like and flat (like the fruits of the elm and some of the lilies) ; 5, parachute seeds (like the hosts produced by composite plants, and others in the Dipsaceous and Plumbaginaceous orders) ; 6, cylindrical and winged (like the fruits of many of the Polygonaceæ) ; 7, fruits with ridges giving a sail-like form (like those of Ailanthus) ; and 8, samaras, as the well- known fruits of the ash, maple, &c.;, are called, whose structure enables the wind to carry them away with a screw-like motion. The remarkable thing is how so many plants which have not the slightest botanical re- lationships to each other have managed to hit upon the same identical devices—to take out the same patents, in short. You do a good deal of " ringing " in your gum-tree forests in Australia. There is no sight which struck me more out there (with rather a melancholy impression) than the dead, standing forests of ring-barked gum-trees, looking so weird that Gustave Dorè would have been delighted to have sketched them some moonlight night. They seemed to me like so many vegetable ghosts. I am reminded of my experience by reading some remarks made by a German professor of forestry on the subject. He goes in for " ringing " scientifically, and shows that the ringing of branches produces a more active growth above, and a less active growth beneath the ring. Starch is usually entirely absent from the portion below the ring, whilst oxalate of potash is usually most abundant there. Of course, the German foresters "ring" their trees to do them good, not to kill them so as to clear the land. Dr. Lindt has succeeded in cultivating from the human ear a fungus allied to the blue mould on bread and cheese (Aspergillus). He found that the fungus developed best at the temperature of the human body. When introduced into the circulation of rabbits the spores of the fungus killed the animals, all of which died in three to four days of a general mycosis or " mould." Dr. A. B. Griffiths has read a paper before the Royal Society of Edinburgh, showing that the reasons why stored onions do not keep (that is why they putrefy), is due to a species of microbe hitherto unknown, which he has named Bacterium Allium. It liberates small quantities of sulphuretted hydrogen. You will, doubtless, long ago have heard of the " Russian Influenza " which is just now visiting all our chief European towns, and lingering longest and most fatally in poor Paris (perhaps as the result of the late grand Exhibition). I have seen several cases of it, and they all strongly reminded me of the " Melbourne Fever " of September, 1885. Mr. Charles Marvin, the well-known Rus- sophobist and writer on Central Asiatic ques- tions, has also distinguished himself by his pamphlets on the petroleum question. An- other has just appeared entitled " Our Unap- preciated Petroleum Empire." Mr. Marvin sees signs and tokens of kerosene every- where, although New Zealand and Burmah are the countries he seems most to like to put his money on. Among others, there is a short chapter on " South Australian Oil Deposits," and if one is to judge of the author's bases for general speculation elsewhere from this, some- body will drop coin in the possible venture. He tells us that a syndicate is already formed to " test the alleged existence of petroleum with- in 60 miles of Adelaide, and plant is ordered from America." That may be the case, but from what I know of the geology of the district it would pay quite as well to get up a company to work the petroleum beds of the moon. 