.ftoveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; y-fr-'c'V v, - ok,' v-:\ ; ; ' -..V /." Lady Clietwynd's Spccfcrc. . .. ?? ? BX MRS.' HABUIET LEWIS, . ... 1 > CHAPTER XXI. , - x A POOE HAVEN OD' REFUGE. . Berniae had no clearly defined plans on leaving the hotel. Shd knew no one in .London. She knew nothing and suspected nothing of the wickcdness that lurks on every side in tbegre.it metropolis. She had money, and in her simplicity she imagined that she would easily find a home in that great wilderness of houses. But how to find the desired home Bhe did not yet know. She joined the tide of shop girls, and walked on toward Regent Circus in tbe gray chill of the early morn ing. She wandered on, hour after hour, bearing her travelling-bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom she met appeared absorbed in their own affairs, and bestowed scarcely a passing glance upon the veiled and slender young figure that trudged EO wearily onward. 41 It is time that I fouud lodgings," thought Bernice, with a horrible sense of her loneli ness creeping upon her. "I must procure them immediately. It would be terrible to have the day wear on and the night come and find me shelterless." t But the task was not ac easy as it seemed. There were placards in plenty in windows signifying that the houses to which they per tained were to be let. And there were little yellow bills and pieces of white paper in other windows, with the legend, "Apart ments to Let," but the houses were for the most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging-houses, and Bernice recoiled from the frowsy heads at tbe windows, the broken panes of glass, and the slipshod maid3 on the steps. She turned from one street into another, growing more tired and less fastidious at every step. At noon, nearly exhausted, she went into , a pastry-cook's shop &ud; asked for a cup of tea and a roll. These were supplied her and she was given n chair, but such demands in that quarter of Kentish Town' werefap parenlly not numerous, and Beiniee felt herself to be an object of considerable curiosity to the shopkeeper and'single at tendant. On paying her small bill at the counter, Bhe inquired if lodgings were to be obtained in the neighborhood, adding that she was a stranger in London and could not give re ferences. .'There are lodgings to be had in the neighborhood, Miss-plenty on 'ein," replied the shopkeeper; " but references are gener ally required. Some lodging-house keepers may be willing to take pay in advance in stead. A young girl like you ought not to be hunting lodgings by herself. There's dangers and perils lurking on.every side for a beautiful young creature like you," and she looked with compassionate interest at the pure, pale, high-bred face,|Iit up by dark.lsor rowful eyes. " Why, you are a real lady, Miss. You Burely ought to have friends somewhere." "My friends are dead," said Bernice, her lips quivering. " My father was a minister, of the Scottish Ivirk. lam alone in the world, madam, and am come here to earn my own living. I want to get lodgings while 1 seek a situation as governess." The shopkeeper meditated. Sho was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. She saw that Bernice was a stranger to Lon don ways, that she seemed like a pupil fresh from a convent or place of equal seclusion, and she trembled ot the pitfalls that lay be fore one so innocent, BO unsuspecting, and BO guileless. " I believe in you, Mi83," the woman said, abruptly, after a long, searching scrutiny of the lovely, half shaded face. " I'ni not a person easily taken in, as people willtell you, but I believe in you, and I'll tell you ot a re spectable lodging-house where you may get a room. It's around the corner in Victoria Boad. It's kept by a very good customer of mine, a woman that's made a pretty penny. Bhe'ea little queer, Miss, but her lodgeis are all respectable, and the house is that neat you might eat off the kitchen floor. The woman's name is Mrs. Sharp, which sharp is ftlBO her nature. -Jf you pay in advance and tell her I sent you, which my name is Gib bons, I know she'll do well by you-as long as your money lasts. And you can't expect strangers to do for you no longer, you know, Miss." Bernice assented, and obtained the address of Mrs. Sharp, and then, thanking tbe shop keeper, set out in search of Mrs. Sharp's lodging-house. Turning the adjacent .corner, Bernice fonhd herself in Victoria Jtoad, a dingy street lined with rows of dull brick houses, Here, as elsewhere, were plenty of apart ments to let, but young Lady Chctwynd pressd on to number forty-two, Mrs. Sharp's residence. It wa3 a corner house of the row, and presented a brighter/and" cleaner nppearance than its neighbors. The stone steps were very clean, the; windows were all.spotless, and the bra?s knocker was polished like gold. Bernice sounded tbe knocker twice or thride heavily, A servant-maid admitted her into a very narrow hall, and Bernice asked for Mrs.' Shaip The maid ushered Lady Cbetwynd into a small parlor, and huriied away to her nnstresB. Bernice's gaze wandered about the room, X J aspect was chill, cold, barren and priip ana the very essence of respectability per vaded It. A heavy step was heard in the narrow, , oil clotbed ball, and Mrs. Sharp entered tne presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously, stat ing the object of her call. Mrs. Sharp listened till Beruice completed her statement, and then coldly said : "So Mrs. Gibbocs sent you to me, and yotf nave no references? I pride myself Miss, upon the respectability of ray house, and 1 shouldn't feci justified in taking iu a young person without references." " But I am a stranger in London," said Bernice, with gentle sweetness and a shadow of pleading in her fresh young voice. "I am very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My father was a minister of the kirk. I»e has recently died. I must earn my own living as a gorerness, and it will be of advantage to me to give as my address a very respect able lodging-house. I will pay you in ad vance." " T prefcr gentlemen," said >Irs. Sharp, showing signs of relenting. "They can get their meals, all but breakfas?, out." . ! "I am willing to get my own meals, madam." "If you can wait on yourself and cook your own meals-not in my kitchen, though -and can pay in advance, and have -no company, and lire guiet, and are nafc out evening, why, then," said Mrs. Sharp, " I (don't know but ,t'd consent to take you in. But one thing mast be understood: . When your money is gone you must go away quietly, without a word. la that a bar gain?" '/f Yea," said Bernice, " I ~ agree to all this." ;" Then you can come this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make yoar coiiee on. You can get meat roasted at the pastry-cook's. , Will you look at your rooi 1 ?" "If you please, madam. 1-1 should like to stay now," said Bernice, bravely, although her cheeks flushed. 14 Indeed (" exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. 44 Where is your luggage V " All I have.is.in this bag,"answered Ber nice. 41 l am poor, madatn-, "Hum? I should think so. My room is sixteen shillings a week in advance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if you want to see the room come up." Bernice assented, and Mrs. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and ushered her into the front room, which contained few, if any, comforts be yound the barest necessaries of existence. But bare as was the room, Bernice looked upon it as a very haven of refuge. "It is all in order," she observed. "Why I may I not remain here now ? Here is the first week's rent." , . She produced her pocket-book and took from it a sovereign. Mrs. Shurp saw that more money remained in the purse, and con sented to allow her lodger to remain. ?. - '. I don't know where to get a spirit lamp," said Bernice, hesitatingly. 441-I never went into a shop alone. Would you not kindly send a servant upon a few errands for me, madam ? I am willing to pay lor the .favor," ? ^ '. I don't want any pay for, allowing tbe maid to go, but if you choose io pay her,'" that's your affair and hers. I will send her. up to you," said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted grariousiiess, and the. lodging-house.-keeper retired, soon sending up her house-maid. . This young woman bad an honesty trust worthy face, and Bernice liked her. . She consulted with her in regard to her wauta, and gave her a sovereign to expand for her in materials for housekeeping. The ybung woman departed, and was absent an hour, but finally returned with her arms full. Slie was followed by a small boy, woo carried.a basket full of stores. The housemaid emptied ths basket and dismissed theiboy "I've got everything you. -mentioned, Miss," she observed, 44 and some things you did not speak of. There's the as you was so particular to have. I did not buy.it 5 I hired it till evening. It's been hired out all the morning, and was just brought back. Here's faggots for the fire, acd ohilTit is,-and I'll kindle a little blaze-you "look So cold and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of coals; to put into your closet yonder. ^Andhtrejs bread, and a cold roasted fowl, and a tea kettle and a spirit lamp. And hereVninc shillings ley.'' , Bernice uestowed a liberal gratuity upon \ the servant, who hastened, to, makte up; a i bright fire, and to wheel up a big chair be- j fore it, and to fill, the tea-ketlle and set it on theHbob. Bernice took ^possession of the big chair, and read over the columns of Wants in the Times. ' She had. imagined that a situation asv governess would be readily found, bnt Bhe saw no advertisement in the paper that seemed'iutended for her. 11 I'll advertise myself," she thought, sud. denly, the idea striking her, as she btlieved, like an inspiration. . " I will write out nn honest advertisement, saying what I can do. Surely, among all the millions of'English people, someone will want me." She brooded over* the idea while the house-maid made her test and placed the few edibles on the bare table. When the girl was gone out Bernice drank her tea and ate her bread and jam and a portion of cold j fowl, with actual relish, and then wrote with | the small gold pencil on her chain, upon j a piece of wrapping paper that had en- j veloped the sugar, a notice that ran as fol- J .IOWB : ' . j "WASTED-By a young lady without references, an orphan and a stranger in Lon don, a bit nation as governess. Understands English, French, and German, music, draw- j ing and dancing. Would accept a very small salary. Address Miss G., Times | office/' -. It seemed to Bernice that this advertise I ment could not fail to secure-the situation she desireel, and she decided to put it in three of the morning papers: In the course of the afternoon Bhe called np tbe house maid, and unfolded her plans to her, and the young woman, undertook to procure the insertion of the advertisement in the news papers. When the housemaid had retired, young Lady Ohetwynd counted oyer the contents of her parse with a sigh. The sum she had thought so large only that morning was slipping through her fingers with"unpleasant rapidity. 441 must get something to do before it is all gone," Bhe thought. 44 At' any rate, I have found a safe and respectable shelter. I will economise in my food, and make my money po as far as may be. There must be no more fowls, no meat; and whatever my privations and.poverty, I am not dependent upun anyone now but myself." Day alter day passed, and no satisfactory response came to Bernice's advertisement. She consulted Mrs. Sharp as to how she .could become a gouerness. "You will never be one, Miss-never I You are too young, too ignorant of the world, too beautiful. Your life is a mystery. You don't tell who you are nor whence you came.' It ain't in nature for a young girl like you, who have been tenderly nurtured and educated like a fine lady, who are a lady .to be wandering about so utterly friend less;" and Mrs, Sharp looked severely upon her young lodger. " And no one will engage a young lady to educate their children who has no one in the world to speak a word for her, or to say that she is a respectable young woman. People don't trust their children to any and everybody without making in quiries. I advise you not to waste any more money in advertising." " Is there anything I.can do without being called upon for references?'' "Are you a skilful milliner? Canyon make dresses? Have you any trade? Do yon understand any kind of hand work? No? Then your chance is a slim one. A genteel, fine lady without a trade, and without money, and without friends is a helpless, object, indeed. I'm sure I don't know what is to become of yon. You can'11 expect me to keep you no longer than yoof money lastB." " Certainly not," " I work hard for my money," panned Mra. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice,'' and I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too fine to work. That's what I won't." There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did cot intend to lose money by her, but she did not resent Mrs. Sharp's manner. To ifcc contrary, she Bpokc in a subdued, sorrowful voice, as she auswered: ' " I waufc work, madam, and I am willing and anxious to work. C»u I not learn a trade? Can I not learn to make" bonnets or dresses 1" "Who is to apprentice you and pay the necessary premium ? I don't see anything before you but to become a uiaid-of-all work; and what lady would want a finer Uvdy in her kitchen than herself? I advise you to write to your friendu, and have them take you away. Your money'll soon be gone, and then will come the alms-house-or a return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think over what I've said, and when your funds gefc low you can decide what yea can do."" " I wouL<i like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance," said Bernice, lies face very white, and a brooding anxiety 5n her dusky eyes. "I would like to make sure of "a shelter as long as possible." She paid the necessary amount, and Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a rcccipt, writing ma terials being upon the table. The landlady "withdrew, and Bernice was leftto herself. And now began for young Lady Chetwynd a struggle for existence,'such as is endured by many a high-bred and. educated young woman, and whicli involved so much of suffering, of " hope deferred," and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from recording it. Daring the three weeks'of ber stay in the hoube, Bernice had not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew well the contents of the small parcels .which Bernice now brought in for herself. She knew that her young lodger was growing ^aler and thinner day by day ; she noticed that the elastic young step be gan to flag, that the girl's tread on the Btair grew daily lighter and slower; she saw that the dusky eyes crew larger and brighter, Bhining with a lustre as bright as unnatural. And kno wing and seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her house, and Bhe grew anxious, for the month to terminate, that Bhe might send Bernice away. . During all this time Bernice had seen no I one whom she knew. Gilbert Monk had ob tained no trace of her, although he had set Mrs. Growl and Fack to search for her throughout London, where he was convinced that she still remaine'J. He had gone down to Chetwynd Park, and was waiting and watching for her there, knowing tnat sooner or later Bhe would return, to the old home and the dear presence that held such fasci nation for her. And thus the month bad gone by, and two days only remained to Bernice before ahe must become again homeless and shelterless. . She'had but a few shillings in her purse. And now came upon hef the longing Gilbert Monk bad anticipated- to look once more upon Lord Chetwynd's face. " I may not, live longV'she thought. " I niust see him. lie need hot-lie must net see me. I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghost «vs before, it danger of dis covery arises. Gilbert Monk has long since given over the search for me, and is no doubt in London reading law. I must see Roy once more before she claims him. I am in no danger of djscovery. I Bball be very guarded. But I 'must learn when the mar riage is to take place. I am dying with my yearning for ltoyr-my husband." She could not withstand tbat.sick longing of her soul. She p-irsuaded herself that she would incur no risk of discovery. And on the.very night before ter rent was to expire Bernice packed lier travelling bag afresh, and-stole out of her lodgings late in the afternoon, unseen by any inmates of the house,; and; hiring a cab, proceeded to the railway station. And Boon after dark, closely ^Veiled, she was seated in a second class railway carriage on her way to East bourne. 'Sbe alighted on reaching her des tination, secured, a fly at the. station, and pursued her journey- to Chetwynd-by-Sea. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her. at the village inn, and in the dark, cool May night,' with only a few stars gleaming through the azure dusk, she pursued her way on foot'to Chetwynd Park-her lost'home.. 1 ' 