"THE JACKEROO; OR CHANGES AND CHANCES IN THE LIFE OF A FREE SELECTOR." A LOCAL STORY. BY "ROUSABOUT." All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) In accordance with this determination Lanky Dod sought an interview with the widow on the following day, and opened the business without circumlocution, in the following words: — " Don't you see, Mrs. Twist, I am getting tired of living alone. I have a good farm— six hundred and forty acres of the best land; a nice house; a good garden; plenty of cows and horses; and I want somebody to keep me company and talk about things with. I am only sixty-two years of age, and I feel younger than I did forty years ago. So, as you are the party as I was athinking on, I just come to ask if you were willing to agree to it, and tell you it had much better come off at once. Only, you see, I am in a bit of a fix." " Why," said the widow, " what's to hinder you doing as you like? You never had any father to put a stop on you that ever I heard tell of." "No, no! There's nobody to stop me. But I am pushed for a little money to pay the interest. You know the crops have been a failure this rear and when people get married they ought to have a bit of a holiday out somewhere; and unless I can get some money somewhere I can't do anything till the government interest is paid." " Oh," said she, " don't make a bother about a few pounds. I'll show you how to make that all right before the time comes." " Well then, Mrs. Twist, say what day next week will suit you-" " Oh, Mr. Dod, I couldn't really say less than a fortnight; but stay and take tea, and we can talk it over." Upon what transpired during teatime, and before Lanky Dod started on his homeward way, history is silent, but they were were married just eight days afterwards. Now, as Lanky Dodd trotted home that night he was in high spirits. He felt that if he had failed with the widow he would have been compelled to mortgage his farm, and that was what he could scarcely contemplate without a shudder. He felt so elated that he was compelled to sing " My Pretty Jane," that being the only ditty he had ever attempted in the course of his sixty-two years. It was an idiosyncrasy with him that when ever he got well out of any serious trouble he would try a verse or two of " My Pretty Jane." Lanky Dod arrived safely at his home, and retired to rest at peace with the world. Next morning, as soon as he had looked over his property, and satisfied himself that all was as it should be, it struck him that it was usual for a man in his position to secure the support of a friend as best man. He very naturally fixed upon his neighbour and friend, Mr. Boko; so, saddling up his old mare, he started for Mr. Boko's place, never doubting that Mr. Boko would he delighted. He found Mr. Boko preparing to cut chaff, and after the usual greeting, Mr. Boko inquired, " You were in Corowa yesterday. Did you hear anything?" "No," said Dod. "The fact is I called to tell you I am going to be married next week, and I want you to come and be my best man." " What I" exclaimed Mr. Boko. " You'll come here and tell me that to my face! Get off my ground, and never come on it any moreI" Lanky Dod, rather astounded by this outburst of anger on the part of his neighbour, ventured to remark, after a pause, " Why, you've been in the sun rather early, haven't you?" "Now, look here," said Mr. Boko, "as long as you were a respectable single man, I didn't much mind you trying to make a joke; but if you are going to do what you said, and get married, and bring a woman into this neighbourhood, never come here any more! If there's anything I hate more than another, it's a married man. I suppose it is some young thing just from school, or else a slut from behind a bar— and you a d-------- old fool with one foot and most of a leg in the grave." " Look here," said Lanky, "I am a younger man than you, and I have more sense; and I never was a mean man— thank the Lord!— and that's more than you can say. And it isn't a child I am going to marry; it'a a respectable elderly lady, as I might be a son to, as well as a father; and she has a trifle of money, and her name is Mrs. Twist. And the less you have to say about her the better — you just take my word for that !" " Glory, hallelujah !" shouted Mr. Boko. " He's going to marry Mother Twist, and collar her eighty notes. Why, you idiot, don't you know she's had two husbands already. How do you know what they died of. But never mind, Dod, I'll keep my eye on her; and when you go off in a few weeks, as you are pretty safe to do, I'll take care there will be a searching inquiry. If there's a haporth of "Rough on Rats"- in yer inside I'll have it out of yer. She's nearly run her race now— trust me for that." "Look here, Boko." shouted Lanky, "you're a liar, and an idiot, and a born fool! and I never will set foot on your place again." " Why, now," said Mr. Boko, smiling for the first time since Dod had made the fearful statement of his intended marriage, " didn't I ask you to get away off it half-an-hour ago. I don't want to see you any more till the post mortem comes off." Dod turned his mare round, and administered much ill-usage to that unoffending animal in his anxiety to shake the dust of Mr. Boko's place from his feet. At the gate however, his feelings were much relieved, for he espied a mob of horses coming up the lane at a gallop. He with great presence of mind threw the gate wide open, and leading his old mare out into the road, got up a row with that useful beast, the effect of which was to cause the mob of colts to swerve through the gate. Mr. Boko saw the whole proceeding, but as he had not observed the approach of the horses in time to prevent them entering his paddock, could not do anything to frustrate Lanky Dod's maneuver. Mr. Boko immediately gave way to one of those fits of fury which occasionally overtook him swearing as he usually did on such occasions, that he "would leave the country at once." Lanky Dod, happy once more, rode cheerfully home, indulging in frequent repetition of his favourite and only ditty, "Pretty Jane." Lanky Dod, however, was not quite satisfied that his neighbour had got all he deserved for the insulting language he had used to him; it rankled in his mind for some days. It happened that a married couple were looking for employ ment, and applied to Dod. The man wanted contract work, and Dod conceived the idea of sinking a tank right up close to the boundary fence between himself and Mr. Boko, in full view of Mr. Boko's door; one of the conditions of the contract being that the man and his wife should camp at the work, thus bringing a living, breathing woman right under Mr. Boko's nose, as it were. This was the offence which finally severed the friendship of two old neighbours; from that time forward the breach grew wider. Lanky Dod's marriage with Mrs. Twist came off in Corowa in due time. The widow had decided against a holiday, so after some little rejoicing in Corowa, they started for home soon after the ceremony— it being now just two weeks before the said interest must be paid. The two weeks were drawing to a close and nothing had transpired to disturb the harmony of Lanky Dod's married-life. He thought it was about time to get the money ready; so at tea time he said to Mrs. Dod, "my dear, I must go to Corowa to-morrow to pay the interest. Can you let me have £82?" "Oh," said she, "Can't you get it at the bank?" " No," said, he, " not without paying interest." "Well," said she "pay the interest. If I let my money go I may never see it again, and so I won't." " Didn't you tell me you'd pay it," "No," said she. " I said I'd show you a way to pay, and so I have." "Well, now," said Dod, getting angry, "you just give me that money at once. A married woman, has no business with money. I'll have it, or I let you know the reason why." Well, said Mrs. Dod, " just be reasonable. Suppose I let you have the money, you won't go making a brute of yourself will you?" " Oh, yes, you shall have it all your own way, Maria." There, said she, "that's sensible of you. I'll go to Corowa with you to-morrow and get you the money, and while we're there you'll come to Roope and Carne's office, and make a will leaving your property to me, if I should be unprotected again." Lanky Dod listened in speechless astonishment. He recalled all that Mr. Boko had said, and a doubt stole into his mind if he had been justified in calling him a liar. Dod, after a pause, rose to tho occasion. Bringing his closed fist violently on the table, making cups and saucers leap and dance, he said, "No, I am d----d if I do," " Gracious," exclaimed his wife, " what's the matter ?" " Oh, you want me to make my will and leave you the pro perty do you? Well I won't. How do I know you mightn't give me something in the tea. What did your other husbands die of I'd like to know? Perhaps they bad something in their tea."' . "This tea is good,'' said she. "Try it!" saying which she lifted the teapot and threw the contents full in his face. The tea had been made only a few minutes, and was nearly boiling hot. Lanky was most severely scalded, and was laid up for some time. It is only fair to say that Mrs. Dod nursed her offending lord with care, but during the time of his sufferings she managed to subdue his spirit to such an extent that poor Lanky seldom dared to dispute her authority. But Lanky, though subdued, was not thoroughly conquered. He was still capable of breaking out if he had any sufficient motive. He had been married a year, before he again disputed the authority of Mrs. Dod, It happened this way : — Lanky liked to leave off work when it rained. She liked to set him at all sorts of little jobs about the house, and invented endless contrivances in the way of shelves to keep Lanky's fingers busy. Lanky stood it for a year, always thinking every job the last, but when he found one lot of shelves pulled down to make room for another he said "I won't have any more of it. If I can't sit down in my house the same as other people do in their's in bad weather I'll sit down out of it." Lanky did not wait to discuss the question with Mrs. Dod. He went straight to a stack of bags of wheat and made himself as comfortable us he could; there Mrs. Dod discovered him and made a combined attack of tears and abuse, finally marching him back to the house. Early next morning he obtained assistance and stacked his wheat up in a lofty square stack, very much resembling a small haystack. He apparently did so to secure it from the weather, but when it set in to rain steadily about a week later Mrs, Dod was surprised to find him absent. She hurried round the buildings and through the house, carrying a hammer, a handsaw, a gimlet and a chisel, together with a Iarge handful of nails, but she searched in vain. At last she thought he might be trying to secure the wheat from the rain. She at once went to see, and to her extreme surprise and vexation she discovered him sitting peacefully at the very top of the stack. "Come down," shouted Mrs. Dod. "What are you doing sit ting there in the wet ? Come into the house at once. I want you to make a small shelf." " No, thank you, Maria," said he " You can do your own car pentering in future. If I can't have a home I won't have a workshop." "Oh," said she, "you are keeping your spite because I just asked you to drive a nail the last wet day. Come down at once, and don't keep up spite like that. I never do." " Don't be a hypocrite, Maria," said he. " You have both hands full of spite this minute. That saw is spite, and so is the hammer, and the gimlet." "You nasty wretch," said she. "I'll come up and fetch you down. I'll see if I am going to be insulted like this." " You can't get up, Maria. The stack is too straight, and I have the ladder up here. You're beat Maria this time, and I mean to have one day in peace if I never have another. Go, Maria, and drive a few nails yourself. You won't hit your fingers above once in three times. Go away, woman, go away." Lanky Dod was now getting so elated that he began to sing "Pretty Jane," Now Mrs. Dod had never heard him sing, on account of his never having got the best of any row since the episode of the teapot. She had willingly fallen in with Lanky's views with reference to giving employment to the married couple, and had derived much amusement out of it by now and then sending the woman over to Mr. Boko's with messages; but now for the first time felt uneasy about the matter, and when Lanky began to repeat the ditty she felt that she had been deceived. She knew that Lanky had been misbehaving. After arriving at this satis factory conclusion she gave way to a noisy burst of grief, bewail ing her lot in heartrending screams. Mr. Boko heard the screams, and forgetting for the moment his antipathy to women, ran as fast as his legs could carry him to render assistance. On arriving on the scene he anxiously asked where she was hurt? She answered. "It's that wretch been carrying on with that hussy that he has had here this twelve months, and now he's found out he's got up there and I can't get him down." " Glory, Hallelujah," shouted Mr. Boko. " Old Dod's going to make a regular Salt Lake of the place. He's bound to have a dozen women here soon just to keep you company." "You ugly wretch," screamed Mrs. Dod, "take that!" sud denly clawing him right down the face with both hands. Happening to kick against the saw, which she had previously dropped, she continued the assault with that useful tool. Mr. Boko at once took to his heels, swearing he would sell out and leave the country. "Go it, Maria," shout Dod. "Saw him up, Maria." Dod became so excited that he jumped off his perch and, seizing the hammer, joined in the pursuit of Mr. Boko. This did not continue more than twenty or thirty yards. What between a game leg and emotion Mrs. Dod had to give up, and ask Lanky to assist her back to the house, where they arrived the best of friends, although Mr. Boko (who was not present) was coming in for a plentiful share of abuse. CHAPTER IV. THE FIGHT.----- A FRIENDLY SETTLEMENT> Manty Galard never knew how he got home from the Baa- Lamb. He vainly endeavoured to recollect starting, or some incident on the way. Of one thing only he was sure. He had been very wicked — he had been behaving quite as bad as any of those larrikins that he looked upon with such contempt. He even thought it was possible that he had been intoxicated. " But then," he reasoned with himself, "I scarcely drunk anything. Let me see —I only had a pint of beer when I got to the sale; then Piggin would make me have another at lunch, and they made me take whisky several times while the sale was going on. Let me think — did I have anything to drink at the Baa-Lamb? Yes, I believe I had two "shandys," and now I recollect Tanner insulted me, and will be at the cross roads on Sunday. I wonder if he can fight? I have never tried; but I saw the brute talking to Sarah last Sunday week, and I'll either beat him or never make a beast of myself again." Manty passed a wretched day. His head ached badly, and he was suffering from a consuming thirst. He felt that he had been very much ill-used by Sarah. The fact of her having seen her In conversation with Tanner rankled in his bosom. Fortunately for Manty his uncle, with whom he lived, was in Melbourne. Manty had been brought up by his uncle, for whom he worked like a horse, receiving his board and lodging, He had been enabled to get some little education by attending a govern ment school, which was only eight miles away, and had made the best of his opportunities. He was not without some ambition. He aspired to saving money enough to take up a selection and marry Sarah Cresswell, a young lady who lived with Mrs. Jowle, and made herself useful, chiefly as a dressmaker, or in genera! sewing at anything with a machine. Manty made her acquaintance in this way : — His uncle always grew his own vegetables. As long back as Manty could remember he bad been compelled to work in the garden on Sundays. He had added flowers in the vegetables, and, as his unclo sometimes found them in some request to set off dinner tables at hotels; he did not object to them. Manty, in course of time became quite an authority in garden lore, and was often consulted by the surrounding inhabitants as to the cause of failures either in flower or vegetable department. Now Mrs. Jorkel, who was Mrs. Jowles mother, was of opinion that the vegetables ought to be grown on the station, instead of being bought from a Chinese hawker, as they had been time out of memory. She accordingly set to work upon a small patch of ground that had once been fenced in for a garden but never worked. Her efforts were not crowned with the success they deserved — one after another, everything failed — but Mrs. Jorkel fondly hoped she was going to have a grand crop of tomatoes; but, alas, the tomatoes went the way of all the other vegetables. Mrs. Jorkel was much aggravated by these continual failures, and would probably have given up gardening in disgust but that she detected, or fancied she detected, the ghost of a melancholy smile upon Mr. JowIe's face, she at once determined to succeed, or die. In accordance with this determination, she never missed an opportunity of consulting anyone who came in her way as to the best mode of treatment for certain garden produce. The advice she got in almost every instance was to see Manty Galard about it. His vegetables never failed. Mrs. Jorkel therefore determined to pay Manty a visit. She at first asked Mrs. Jowle to accompany her, but Mrs. Jowle expected some friends, and could not go, but remarked, "Sarah can go; the drive will do her good." Mrs. Jorkel and Sarah set out in a buggy to find Manty at his uncle's. They found both Manty and his uncle at home. Old Galard, Manty's uncle, set to work to explain every cause of failure right of; but Mrs. Jorkel had come to consult with Manty, and was not to be put off for long. After several attempts to make old Galard understand that she wasn't there to listen to a lecture, she lost her patience, if she ever had any, and addressed him thus:---- " Will you hold your tongue, and let me speak to the lad." Old Galard offered no more advice he just turned round and started for a distant part of the horizon, and disappeared from Mrs. Jorkel's vision. Now while this had been going on Sarah had been admiring the flowers and asking Manty numerous questions concerning them. Manty had been admiring her, and they could both have spared Mrs. Jorkel; but Mrs. Jorkel swooped down upon poor Manty and sifted him to her heart's content without gaining much information. She finally said to Manty, "I mean to have some tomatoes about the place, and never be without them any more." To which Manty replied,' "l am sure you couldn't do without her." Mrs. Jorkel said, " Well now, you are to come over to-morrow, and show me what is to be done. It must be the ground's fault that things won't grow." Manty would have been only too willing to start at once, but was fain to agree with Mrs. Jorkel's arrangement. Mrs. Jorkel and Sarah now prepared to return home, but Manty could not lot them depart until he had filled every available part of the buggy with flowers. Mrs. Jorkel offered some objection, and suggested to Manty that it was wrong of him to waste his time on anything so useless as flowers. Miss Cresswell hastened to say she "loved them;" and Manty, with great presence of mind, transferred the flowers all to her side of the vehicle, and placed the largest sized pumpkins at Mrs. Jorkel's feet, surround ing her with bunches of carrots, parsnips, turnips, and other trophies of his skill sufficient to last the station a fortnight. It is almost needless to say that Manty kept the appointment, and after a consultation on the site of Mrs. Jorkel's failures with that lady, at which Sarah contrived to assist, it was finally decided that a wheelbarrow and a Chinaman was necessary to ensure success, and that Manty would give his valuable services one day every week. In accordance with that arrangement a barrow was obtained in Corowa, also a Chinaman, and the vegetable garden soon became a reality. But this was not all. Sarah took opportunity to draw the attention of Mrs. Jowle to the flowers Manty had put in the buggy, and further incited that lady to start a.flower garden at the front of the house. Here, again, Monty's assistance was found indispensable, his one day a week being paused almost exclusively among the flowers, instructing Mrs. Jowle and Sarah in floriculture. This had been going on for about six months at the opening of our story, and Manty had succeeded in establishing himself as a. prime favourite with the three ladies and, as before stated, conceived the idea of saving money and marrying Sarah Cresswell, and being happy ever afterwards. It may appear strange that a youth like Manty, who worked for his uncle without pay, should be saving money, but it was so. Manty, after completing his day's work, shouldered his gun, and took his way to a tank, and would often succeed in shooting six or eight kangaroos, the scalps of which were pajd for by a Noxious Vermin Board at the rate of one shilling each, and it was rumoured that the price would be raised to one shilling and sixpence. He had at this time in the savings bank a sum of £57 sterling unknown to his uncle, who would have been utterly astounded had be known it. He knew, of course, that Manty received money for scalps, but he supposed he spent it all in clothes and fancy boots, for, truth to tell, Manty had taken a great interest in his personal appearance since that first visit of Mrs. Jorkel and Sarah Cresswell. (To be continued.) 