. THE GL6BE-TR01 TEH. j Letter Carryiug la China. About the most curious institution in Chica is the postal Service. It includes two quite distinct easterns, one'f.-r the government c-ffioials and the other lor every one else.. The dispatches of the government are carried by mounted postmen with tolerable swiftness. Their carriage and delivery are under the direot supervision of the Minister of War In Pekin. The people at large are not allowed to send mail- by the official carriers. They are obliged to transact all their postal business through a much slower medium. In every Chinese city there are several I post offices which receive and deliver in theirrespective districts the mail matter of the general public. Each guarantees the bale-delivery of everything intrusted to its : care, and in case pi loss of valaable papers or, goode relmburses the sender without delay, j The contents of' every package, however, | must be .exactly declared at the time of mailing, as the postage varieB with very trivial variationB of value. The postmen ot this branch of the mail service walk or ride on asses from station to station. With'some eighty pounds of mail matter a postman covers about three miles an hour. .The minute he arrives at tbe end ofhis routehe transfers his burden to the shoulders of another poBtmsn, who, whatever the. time of day and whatever the -weather, hurries ofi to deliver it at the next station. : To keep himself ready for all emergencies,; ifae Chinesepostman never fuddles his wits With over-eating. . He always takes very light meals. " Eats himself , only cevenie'niha full,"the Chinese say. -Heis usually aipan of fine physique, ard less afraid of ghosts, witohes, etc., than forty-nino out of -every fifty of his fellow- countrymen. In fact, an -applicant for admission to the .service is generally subjected to a kind of civil service examination of- his courage in withstanding the horrors of supernatural phenomena. If he stands the test without quailing and proves that he.has not incurred the enmity of any spirit bad that might interfere with him in the discharge of his duties, he has taken a long step, towards^.procuring his appointment. This singular condition for admission to the service is universally considered to be quite proper,for the average ChinamanisalHo afraid of spirits arid the. dark'tbat-the slightest hoiseyby the wayside At oight woul3 cause him to drop whatever ho isms carrying and dart. off like a ehot to the nearest settlements . An ordinary letter may be sent one hundred And fifty miles or more for about 3d. Thirty per cent, of the pottage is collected in advance from the sender. This amount covers the expense of transportation, and is a guarantee against fraud on the part of the -senfier. Tho other seventy per ceni.is col-. iccled from the receiver, and represents the profit of the service. • Thb postmen often' canry very valuable mails. The. traders Intrust to them drafts and Afiver bullion, without hesitation. To protect the. most important mails, small1 guards of soldiers are often .used, or troopB ; of'fighting civilians are always ready to fight; at least a dozen highwaymen. The manner < in which they prepare themselves for such uneven oombatSi is. an elaboration of a' pugiliBt's training in punching the bag. From.tho roof of the. empty' shed in' which j the practice is taken hang on ropes ten heavy -sandbags. The man who is learning to be a guard stands. in the midst of these bags, while his instroctor on the outside sets themtoswinging. Tbeman among the bags then strikes out right-find left with his fists i for tbepurpose of punching jthe bags away from him; 'As soon as heletrns to keepaU the bags in motion without letting them touch him he is pronounced ready to go on the road to knoek out mail robbers. 