BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. if No ecclesiastical event in the past twenty years has caused a more profound sensation than the installation of Doctor Abbott at Plymouth Church in Brooklyn, and the ordi nation of Mr. Bliss, Doctor Abbott's assistant which took place last week. - As was expected, the gathering was a great one. No sectional lines hedged it in; Stout defenders of John Calvin and John Knox stood side by side with the diciples. of John Wesley and Summerfield; admirers of Chan ninrr mirl "Pfii-lrof ~~ in friendly converse with the most devout of Trinitarians, while Open Communion and Hard-Shell Baptists forgot their differences for the time, seeming to regard the occasion as a sort of general amnesty or jubilee, where the sectarian fences were all broken down and everybody was privileged to roam where he pleased in everybody else's pasture Andover was out in full force; Yale had sent a number of representatives; Harvard was right behind her; good old Princeton occu pied a foremost scat, and the Wesley an Uni versity had a half-dozen graduates among the Council. The grand old Episcopal church was re presented by tho towering form of Phillips Brooks of Boston, the Rev. Dr. Donald, and two others nearly as famous. Two men wero notably absent, Dr. Charles A. Hill of Holy Trinity, the Episcopal clergyman, who was Mr. Beecher's life-long friend and' wlio preachcd his funeral sermon, and Dr. Richard S. Storrs, the lion of the tribe of Jiidah, the honoured pastor of the. church of the Pilgrims and the greatest living Con gregational clergyman. The right hand of fellowship had not been extended to him by the invitation committee and his presence was greatly missed. Neither death nor tho grave could condone the offence of wJiich Plymouth claimed Dr. Storrs had been guilty at tho trial of their beloved pastor a decade and a half ago. Will that ill-starred ghost | never go down 1 Everybody mis|eulogistic of Mr. Beecher, Doctor Meredith, the Moderator, spoke o him in terms of the greatest affection, and his sTOtivnentsiTreie re-bchoed by all who fol lowed iiih'L ft)) npppar'ect to Hrfvo ipi gotten that years before his deriiii lid f/itcl stamped out the lines that mark the boun daries of modern evangelical belief, and that the doctrine of the Trinity and eternal punishment had long been eliminated from his teachings. The sensation began when Dr. Abbott was called upon for a declaration of faith, Now if Dr. Abbott possesses one quality which is superior to any other, it is straightforwardness, and im [the '""declaration prpcebdiid it wasevidefit .that thebreadwhich Mf. IJefcrtifet cJrsfc ujooii 'h& watej-^, tirben Dr. Abbot WaS ii iiSOpfiV'te UsriiSaili His pveiK-li ing, was returning after many ftaj'd. Bap tists, Methodists and sound old Calvinisis began to look doubtingly at each other and ^JHi.a.k'e their heads; here and there some re ijtityily toot, up his hat and edged towarasti'ie do'ci. V.ilo' ReV. Dr. Mc Lcod, of tlie Clinton Avenue CongI'Cg.'itioii:i> Church, made a bee-line for the street, nor stopped till he reached the quiet of his owij study, for fear the vote of endorsement might be called before he got out, for he was satisfied that if a man was not a Trinitarian, which he thou'"li£ Tft; Abbgtfc was not, that he must be a Unitarian, anu US there was no provision made for eternal punishuie£& rn that form of faith, he did not want, by stop ping,to give it even a qualified endorsement. Whan Dr. Abbott was asked if Plymouth Churcii J-'rfcl itself amenable to the Congre Rational Council, n'S firmly but courteously told them that Plymouth Ohfeeh was abun dantly able to take care of its own s'JTt'ir^, and was quite willing that every church in the world should have the same privilege. When Mr. Bliss, the assistant pastor, made his declaration, he set the whole Council huntingfcheir classical lexicons. When lie had finished, they felt they had much fine men tal food for reflection on hand, but as it was not easily digested, they took the night to consider it. Plymouth church is perfectly satisfied with her new pastor—Mr. Abbott is delighted with Plymouth, and it ivas pretty evident to those present, ■ that; hereafter as heretofore, Plymouth church is going to be H law tirito. itself; _ A nJbsfc iiitettsttig featuret oith'e .qcuiicil .was the prcscntfd 8f the. Pef^IMwfird Beecher, who preached the inSlallrfl&A;:1 sfcr, mon for his great brothor between forty ntid fifty years ago. Ripe in learning, venerable with age, it is only a short time since he lost one of his limbs in a - railroad accident. The terrible operation through which he passed would have killed many a younger man, but sustained by 1 hat indomitable Beecher will, ho Hat through the council, and added greatly by his presence to the interest of the occa sion. At last, it seems that the Stewart win case is settled, and the published reports state that Hilton hns got the lion's share of the es tate. At Mrs. Stewart's death he brought lier in debt to himself nearly a million of dollars) this, it is said, ho forgives the heirs, of in cthe'r Words the million is not to be taiieti dvf of their sfeifeS. Hero seems to be S^ef^'dl'SSf 4fiifett«at crs the tfliole affair: A: T. Stewart, dife'rf,' find Igfi Judge Hilton, who' wr(s lijs 16'gs(i adviser) a jftiifitin of dol Ijirft ii\\.bold cash, Mrs. Stewart tiee (Jot rfelfy Ffn'cTr, at tli'e'.tjrrie of her liusbind's death, ttri* qM \fonVari b'etwe.eW. sixty and seventy. Curing HtfP TOS$6$$fsP life she never had much intercourse v.'irfi t'te' v>'tA-]d, and knew nothing of business. Judge Hil ton assumed charge of lier affairs, and tak ing the million that her husband had given him induced her to deed to him properties worth between thirty ,ind forty millions of 1 dollars, all first-class paying investments, ■ and then set himself to work, to get the mil ■ lion of dollars that he had paid her back again. This he not only succeeded in doing, but lie brought her a million of dollars in s debt to him at the time of her decease. Fairy tales thefe are 111 abundance, stories by Brii'cm Munchausen, and others equally venffcioiis; but in history or fiction there is 1 I'dfciiiHg lika tllis, btif. tile parties most inti i niately concerned seem tobo satisfied, and ! there tiie niatter ends, tt is not yet fixed Whether Judge Hilton ■will demand that his remains .when he balances his earthy ledger, siiiill lie iri the sh'adcAv of the magnificent spirB tliafe ^ovefs thfe', Ste'wdvt Mausoleum; but if he should, Utid it bo triiff thnt the dry bones of the millionaire merchant hrtve really found a resting place in their costly marble sarcophagus beside his wife, lean imagine them rattling like hail >" ft wintry storm; as the minister of God protiou'Ilccs the words "ashes to ashes, dust to dust." It is a matter of little moment after all, who gets the judgment of these ill-gotten mil lions. Pile his gold up mountain high he cannot keep it long; it is all summed up in the sentence " Dust thou art and to dust thou must return." Now if any one imagines that women. are not getting on, let them come to ITew York and look < about. Everj'bddy hfl3 heard of the Sorosis. , A Vet1}' xlitJe elubj Ho doubt; lots of brains in it and oceatife' tit ialeiit,- good level- headed women, not ladies in tll0 SciiSe of persons that can do nothing but in the sense of being able to do everything. I re peat here what I have often said before, that yoU tioiiid hear better music, better singing and better spe;lkiiig &t; « meeting of the Sorosi6 than you can find at dti}! other half dozen male clubs in the city. But it iff lift upper crust club; the women who compose it for the most part are not only talented but well-to do; moBfc of them are women of wealth or else those who in literature or art have mado their mark in the world. But we have also a working woman's club, or rather a series of clubs reaching all over the city, which now has a membership of nearly five thousand. Last week they had a ball all among themselves—not a fellow insight. And do you think they missed ? Not a bit of it. Thirteen hundred of them took p.irfc in the ball, and they- were all dressed alike, the only difference being the color of the club badges. Nobody tried to outshine anybody else, for 110 one was allowed to spend move than ten cents on adornment, and how sweet they all did look in their natty French caps, Oh, my, my ! it was a sight to see. And the grand Patriarch's ball at Delmonico's given by the creme dc la creme, was not more de corous or polite. Miss Grace M. Dodge, the great female philantrophist, who-was recently deposed from our School Board because she exposed wicked teachers, presided, and it is hardly necessary to say that the girls had a royal time'. The only distressing foature to it was, that the girls enjoyed themselves so much that they said they never would go to a ball again where there was a man ! That's awful. In addition to tho above, the Berkley opened its gymnasium this week, said to be the finest female gymnasium in the world. This club is strong in numbers and finance, and holds in its membership some of the wealthiest ladies in the city. A few years ago a number of ladies felt that they would like to have some place where for gentle ex ercise they could play among themselves a quiet game of billiards; then a bowling alley was added which by the way is now quite a fashionable amusement with thousands of ladies in the city. Then a room was added with dumb bells and clubs, and the final out come is the • splended gymnasium that was opened last weok. Here the ladies are taught every exercise that can develop their frames and give them healthy bodies. They can fence and box and do everything that any man can do. But like tho Torosis this is one of our swell clubs. To sustain it the initiation and dues are high, but it is a most excellent thing for those who can afford it. In addition to this we have a Woman's Press Club and a Female Art Club, all helpful and excellent institutions, so you see woman is getting on. The globe trotter Nelly Bly is is an evidence of what woman can do when she tries. Talk about fast women on her ar rival in New York, she will no doubt be re garded as the fastest woman that the world has ever seen. We are all wondering here why the " World" never mentions the fact of her journey or her coming. I suppose it is on account of its proverbial modesty. I have frequent occasion to speak of the sharp contrasts of life occurring here every day, but at no time have they impressed me more than in the week just past .OniWednes day a police officer was leading a tottering old man towards the Police Court where he expected to be committed to the Inebriate Asylum. His limbs failed him, and he sab down on a doorstep .to rest, and a moment after he rolled over dead. He was the father of Ada Rehan, the pec of the New York theatre-going public and the pride of Daly's Company, and whose second daughter is married to the talented young actor Oliver Dowd Byron. Drink wis the old man's curse, and his children are overwhelmed with grief at the manner of his death. Dramatic circles were shocked and pained to learn that the favorito actor Frank Bangs was lying eick and destitute at a small hot-el in town. It was not only a shock but a surprise, for Mr. Bangs has been one of the best paid actors in the United States. For many years ,ph'sf.; his,'sal:vry riiivning from one hundred and fifty to' Ifundretf a!rid fifty dollars per week. He wnsiii great dstiirtrki.- nttd if. he was over out of an engagement it xe&i; Ms faiil€^ for lie was a universal favorite. He rn'^rr'Ti' one of Singer's numerous daughters a fe\i" years ago.' She was crnzj till she got him, and after a trial of a couple of weeks she was crazy till lie got rid of liiin, alleging as a cause that he was fonder i of his little pet dog Toby than he was of her On the news of his unfortunate situation the actors' fund came to his relief, and he is now fMfrmr we]}. Truly yours. BROADBRIM. 