LOCAL AJS'J) GENERAL. M in is t e r ia l.-^The Premier will not return to bis office until Saturday morn* I ’bobateb.—Tbe following probates hive been g ran ted :—John Hart to John Augustus Charlton, £403; Francis Groom to John Charles Gxoom, £2552; Daniel Bowater to Sterne Phillips, £119; Jane Caroline Woolley to William Woolley and Charles Alfred Woolley, £520;* Sebastian Singline to Elizabeth Singling £788. T h e L ate M un icipa l T icket. -—The municipal ticket, Messrs Davies, Reynolds, and Brily, received a very severe handling at the ratepayers* meeting held last evening a t Lansdowne Crescent. The last* named gentleman was credited with following a policy detrimental to the interests of the ratepayers as a body, whilst bis cofi/rerei were charged With allowing tho municipal ship to d rift THg-Rprc.—Last night the Palace Rink was well patronised, and tbe numerous couple* of skater* seemed to be spending a merry tim e on the exoelle&t; floor. J)’Arcy Read’s GboEt had baen announced, h ut a subsequent announcement bad been 'made to th e effeat th&t; the ghost bed n ot arrived, and his appearance would be postponed for the present; so there was no alteration in the floor of th e rink* which will now be open morning, afternoon, and evening. T he L a te M b H e nut Cook.—The remains of the late Mr Henry Cooik were conveyed to their lost resting place in Cornelian Bay Cemetery this morning. The funeral cortege was a large one, in ­ cluding present and past members of the City Council, Government officials,'and others who highly respected the memory of the deceased gentleman. Sjccdlajubm. — Mr &, O. Pie to a delivered a lecture on “ Secularism'' in St. olin's Schoolroom last night to a good eudienoe. The Rev. I. K. M cIntyre presided, and the proceedings having been opened wifb prayer, 'M r Picton proceeded to deal with bis subject. He referred to several of the passages io the Bible which infidels asserted were self-contradicting, and »hid th at tbs writers of those passages were not personal and did not argue. He znadc reference to many Incidents in the' life of Christ from the nativity to the crucifixion. C obj'oration M u d d le .—A nice state of things regarding the way m atters municipal are managed in Hobart waB disclosed a t tbo meeting of th e Lansdowne Ratepayers1 Association last evening. The association for some considerable time past have been endeavoring to obtain a copy of the Public Works Scheme, which in the due course of thingB shonld have been laid before the council early in the year. The Secretary, Recording to his statement a t the meeting, was promised a copy, b ut finding th a t tbe corporation authorities had failed to keep their word, he paid a visit to the Town Hall and made enquiries is to the whereabouts of the statement, but lone was forthcoming. Ultimately, the ecretury found out that there was a primed copy of the scheme—b ut only one —and this whs not available. Determining to do his best for the association he represented, the secretary sncceedc-d in obtaining some meagre particulars of the work tbe Corporation contemplated in tho suburb during tbe year, and so infinitesimal was this found to be that a perfect torrent of abuse was poured on the heads of, what one speaker termed them, “ the muddling City Fathers.” The question, what is the may well be asked by dissatisfied ratepayers. O bscenity in th e St e eets.—The practice indulged in by various cabmen of using profane and obscr-ne language while writing on the stands for fares, has bet-n frequently drawn attention to ; hut it rnr. ly happens th at one of the offenders is brought bt-foro the court to answer for his conduct. This may be attributed partly to the fact* that the cabby, who is proverbially “ fly," moderates his language at tbe approach of a policeman. He has not th at respect for ladies, however, who in paseir g the stands have very often to listen to shocking cxpleLivee. An 'instance of this kind occurred to-day, when a cabmen, standing in his vehicle, gave vent in lusty tones that could be beard by anyone within a hundred yards of him, to o&tbs; nd words of the mostabominable character. n this occasion several persons, among hom were two young ladies, were passing, but that fact did not have the least effect pon the cabman. If some of those who re guilty of such conduct were brought before the court, doubtless it would make ibem a little more careful in their choice f language. Lower Lonolet.—The foundation stone f a new Wedeyan Church at Lower Loneley was laid on Monday afternoon at .30 by M r Gill, M.B.A , who,Jin the course f his addiess, congratulated the WeBleyaus at Longley on the progress made in hurch matters, and wished them further uccess. Ac address appropriate to tbe occasion was then delivered by the Rev. R. IV. Thompson, of Hobart, after which a great number of donations were lsidon tbe iose. A large concourse of people bad ssembled, iotludiug visitors from Hobart r.d Franldin, notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather. An adjournment wae made to the building ow Jubcd for church purposes, where a sumptuous repast had been prepared by the ladies, and pattaken of by a goodly number of people. The building was gaily decorated with ferns of various kinds, festoons of chrysintheoicma and other floral sptcimens. After tbe tea the Rer. E Tonkin, nuni.-ier if tbe circuit, ttoduced, in a few appropriate remarks to the audience, Mr Gill as chairman. Addresses weic then delivered by the Chairman, R. vs. T. B. ‘Woodfull, of Port Cygnet, E. Tonkin, and Mr Burslem, Recital ions were nicely rendered by Messrs Batt, Tmfrey, Ktanse,and Misses Burslem ud Krause. A epecial feature of tbe vening's entertainmeut was the singing y the choir, who enlivened the proceedings with selections under the able leaderphip of Miss Lovell. Notes of thanks and the D^xology brought a most successful day to a close. The friends of Longley will be pleased to have the spacious new ftructure to supersede tbe old, yet venerated, one in present use, and are thankful t >nil who so nobly came to second their efforts. D ek w e.vt Valley Ra ilw ay.—The wi ter time-table Jor this line will be found another column. Tbe following trains will be discontinued on and after Monday nex t:—L^avteg Bridgewater Junction at 11.25 a.ui. and Glenora at 6 85 p.m. Three trains will run daily each way, viz., from Glenora nt C.50 a.m., 12.35, and 4.6 p. and from Hobart at 8 a.m., 1*10, and 5 p.m. A etilleby B all.—On Friday week the Southern Tasmanian Artillery will give their annual ball in the Town Hall. The committee are confident of success, and working hard to give the visitors every means to enjoy themselves. The ball will be under the patronage of tbe Governor, the offjeet6 of the Defence Force, the Ministry, and the City Council. E iout-IIock SroETs.—Competitors the Trial Handicap a t the Eigh -Hour Sjorte held last February, arc reminded that the rRoe for the first prize will be run on the 14th prox. Tbe final heat of the Eight-Hour Handicap will also be deoided on the same day. Tempebance A lliance.—The 34th nual meeting of the Tasmanian Temperflnee Alliance will be held in the Temperance Hall to*morrow. Tea will be ou th e tables at 6.30, after which the report for the year will be presented, and the officers elected. Fox T ebbieb CouRfijNq Club.—A meeting will be held at tbe Palace Hotel or (Saturday, a t 8 p.m., for the purpose of forming a Saturday Afternoon Fox Terrier Coursing Club nnder new management. The b.b. Bowba.-—Messrs T. A. Rey. nnld'e and Compauy’s e e. Bowra will leave Hobart for Macquarie Harbor, at 8 bad., Saturday, trAuehipping cargo for Trial Harbor by the s.s. Advance. C ooill BaoTRKBs’ Company.—On Tuesduy ni-xt Cogill .Brothers' Specialty Company, with Slade Murray, tbe popular comique, will open at the Temperance Hall. D e e p -sea F ish in g,—A public meeting will be held in the Temperance Hall this evening, when Mr G. Hawthorn will give information on this important question. C h a l h eb s’ L itebaby Asbociation.- To-morpow evening Mr Shendan will U ture under the auspices of Ibjc ngsoci&tion;, on “ Phrenology,” W ednesday H alf-holiday.—All establishments usually closing on Wednesday afternoon will remain open to-dsy. 