JOHN SOL-WAY'S SECRET. (From Cassell's Saturday Jonrnal) CHAPTER Ill. TRE MTSTERY ABOUT JOHN 80LWATY It chanced that late une night I was walking home. I had been spending the evening at- the Solways', and was making my south- eastward through the unlovely labyrinth of streets that encircles the Marylebone Road. It was one of those boisterous nights which often follow a rainy day. The swimming pavements were rapidly bleaching as the dry wind swept along them, and overhead the emptied clouds weae staggering across the wet faces of the stars. I was walking along slowly, thinking a good deal, and chiefly of a lady whose pree senco I had lately left. Suddenly I found myself in an obscure and solitary street. The damp mist which had hung like a veil over the city had now entirely lifted, and was being driven swirling upwards in broken patches across the front of heaven. Here and there spaces of sky shone bare. Clusters of clouds were dancing like shapes of ghostly witches round the moon, and beyond, at long intervals, a few stars were quivering feebly, like tossing lights on P. storm-driven sea. On each side of me, small and narrow dwellings ranged along the untenanted street. Every house was dark already, and all the folk, it seemed, asleep. Not a soul stirred. As I walked, my footsteps sent up echoes through the dusk. Suddenly a bleared ray shot out and flickered for a moment on the pavement, and a noise as of a window being thrown open invaded the night. I glanced up, and saw a dim light burning in an upper story some forty yards distant. Then, almost as I raisedmy eyes, another sound broke upon the stillness tie sound of a voice groaning, less in bodily pain, I thought, than in some anguish of the mind. For a moment I stood still, transfixed, wondering, shuddering at the cry. Then new noises, following in rapid succession, stunned my senses. Every door seemed to be clattering and banging in the silent street. And then, from one of those shadonw-wrapt doorways a mane figure emerged hastily, and began to run towards me at the top of Its speed. Whether or not it saw me I cannot say. On it rushed furiously, blindly, as if chased by phantom terrors. But as the muffled thing drew near me, the broad moon fell upon it and as it flow past I saw and recognised its features. It was John Sol. way : fleeing at midnight along that sleep. ing street. For a moment I was startled into speech, lossness. Then the relentless, impossible truth broke like a sea-tide over my mind, and I shouted hoarsely after him. My first impulse was to follow, but the next thought told me how useless that would he. I. wheeled round, and looked again for the lighted window. The lighthad utterly vanished, and only the routed clouds were tearing in breathless chase over those in-. distinguishable roofs. There was nothing to be done; so I gathered my faltering wits, and went home. Next day I went to call in Manchester Square. I was again refused admittance, and, instead of pressing the matter as I ought to have done, I stupidly yielded and left the house. The following day I could bear it no longer. I left my chambers early, and made my way again to Manchester Square, determined this time to see John Solway. I had timed my call at an hour when I felt fairly confident of finding him in. Yet when the disagreeable, hollow-eyed man. servant opened the door, I was informed thatiMr Solway was not at home, But I was prepared for this emergency. Instead of stifling my impatience and going meekly away, instead of hurling as for one moment I felt inanely tempted to do-at the mendacious footman at sarcasm which would probably have fallen on heedless ears, I stepped boldly into the house. "In that case," I said quietly "I will go in and write a note for Mr Solway." Imarched along the passage in the di rection of the libray. In a moment 1 saw that my shot had told. Quick as thought the man-servant followed me and slipped. himself between me and the stops that led to the library door. He pointed to another room. "Will you walk in here ?" he said. "You will find writing materials hero." It needed some audacity to refuse; but I was resolved not to be ba fIled this time. "No," I said clearly and emphatically; "t will go into the libray and write there. Allow me to peas, if you please." A change came over the man's face. His hollow eyes looked at me with a curious and not altogether a kindly expression. But there was no mistaking his earnestness as he begged me to walk into the dining room. " The library is occupied, sir," he urged; "'I cannot show you in there. I have special orders to admit no one, sir." But nothing could stop me now. Designedly 1 raised my voice till it rang along the corridor, and repeated my demand in unmistakable terms. "Will you, or will you not, let me pass ? I insist on seeing Mr Solway in the library at once." As my voice died away, and I was left staring haughtily at the man-servant in my path, the door at the further end of the passage opened, and John Solway's face appeared behind it. I have never described him yet; but h 'd I done so a dozen times, you could hardly have recognised him in the figure which opened the library door. I have only once in my life seen a man look more thoroughly shattered and ill than he did then. His body seemed to have shrunk in size, and to be huddled loosely together, IHis whole figure swayed and shook]as he stood in the open doorway, and the hand that grasped the handle trembled like a frightened child's. But it was his face which startled me most. As a rule, John Solway was ratlher a good-looking man, of a commonplace type, perhaps, but always trim and neat, with even, polished hair, and quite clean shaven. But now he was utterly changed. His .dark hair hung matted and lank, or twisted wildly hither and thither. HMis face was nashy white. Ill-health and trouble seemed to be seated on his features, and fear in his pale eyes; for round the red eyelids were drawn deep, black, cavernous circles, and the shrunken eyeballs were swollen and discoloured within. His dress was disordered and dusty, and the whole appearance of the man was of. one who had passed through a night of terrible suffering, and had failed to shake off from t.im the burden of his distress. I could not help giving vent to a gasp of astonishment as my glance fell upon him. My looks must have betrayed my surprise, for the servant turned when he saw me gazing over his shoulder, and, perceiving his master, shrank away. In another moment I had advanced along the passage and had taken Solway's hand. "Why, John," I said, "what in the world has come over you P" He did not answer me except by a be wildered look. Perhaps my visit had startled him. At any rate, he did not attempt to prevent my going into the room. I drew him in and shut the door behind us. " Solway," I said, gravely enough, I think, "forgive mdif I say I have a right to ask for an explanation of this extraordinary change in you. What is the meaning of all this ?" As I spoke I glanced round the room. It was in utter confusion, A close, stifling air filled it. The scanty furniture seemed to be all awry. A great hearthrug was rolled up and tossed in a hoisep in a corner. On a table near the fireplace stood a tray, with two glasses and an empty brandy bottle beside them. A crumpled book lay on the floor. But the strangest thing was that in front of the great mirror a high chair had been planted on a table, as if to make a ladder to the ceiling, and over the face of the glass a long dark cloth hung down. In my amazement I turned again to the master of the house. "John Solway," I cried, " what, in Heaven's name, is the meaning of this mystery ? I insist on your telling me. Are yen going mad ?" For an instant it flashed across me that my randoit words might have mono truth in them than I had intended. lie gazed at me uncomfortably as I put my question. Then he tried to laugh-a dismal, miserable laugh. "No, no, Temple," he said, " I hope not that. Sit down, won't you? You must excuse this untidy room. I have been awfully bothered lately, andt had a bad night of it laot nigh. The room is close ; lot me open the window a bit." The room was fearfully close. As he went to the window and lifted it, I saw what I had not noticed there before, that it was barred outside with strong iron bare. Then I sat down quietly, and, with all the composure I could assume, began to speak. " Solway, I am a tolerably old friend of yours, and it is not out of mete curiosity that I ask, Will you tell me frankly what is the matter with you? I want to know why, when 1 called to see you on your birth day, I found you looking as if you had seen a ghosts Iwant to know why, whenever I have come here since, yoio have refused to see me. Yes, and I want to know, John Solway, what you were doing the night before last, at midnight, when you rushed past me like a madman in that solitaoy street off the Iarylebone toad !' lie watched mu with a strange, weary look, until I came to the end of my speech. Then a flash of amazement passed acrose his face. But only for a moment. He seemed too weak, too powerless, to resist, or argue, or deny. lie merely sat there, like a crushed, dazed, worn-out man, silents answering nothing. I sprang to my feet in indignation. " Solway!" I cried, "don't tell it me if its Anything so unspeakably strange. Only, for Heaven's sake, show a little more nmnliiecas. Tear yourself away from this life, whatever it costs you. Get out of London ; go to Scotland-anywhere ; only, don't persist in killing yourself by inches here. jolhn, we are pretty old friends, you and I. Surely, for once I have the right to speak strongly for your sake." "I can't go away, Temple," he said. " Do you suppose that I would stay here if I could help itP Good Heavens If you knew what I go through ! But it is of no use, Temple. I can't tell you. I must go my own way. Leave me alone, please. 'Thinat is really the kindest thing which you can do." I was foolisll enough to be offended at his words, and I was preparing.to answer him when I was silenced by a loud cry from my friend. Solway had Iteaped to his feet, His eyes were fixed intently, agonlsingly, on the big veiled mirror before him, and I saw that a corneP of the cloth that hung across it had fallen aside. "(Go, go, Temple!" Ihe cried, his voice ringing with intensity; "go away, I entreat of you-I implore you l Go out of this room and leave me Go, only go !" "Of course I will go," I answered sharply. Idiot that I was, I suffered myself to lose my temper, when every faculty within me should have been strained to keep myself quiet and calm, " Don't imagine that I want to trouble you with mny presence, Solway, or to pry into your extraordinary secrets. I will leave yoll at once, if you wish it, and I shall never ask to return." I stopped abruptly, already half ashamed of my olutburst, and Solway advanced to wards me. " Forgive me, Tempnl," he said, still in the same agonised voice. " I only wish that I could tell you all, but I can't- I can't. I am not mad, though I have had enough to make me so. I will write to you and explain anything-everything. Only don't desert me, Temple-don't throw me over utterly. But now, for Heaven's sake, go !" I was moved and shocked and bewildered by his strange words and stranger tones, But I could not ltay ': . n. ' s with him. I was already on the theeshold of the room, and as I passed through the doorway Solway must have pushed the door to at once, for it shut with a clang behind me, and 1 heard the holt shot instantly into the lock. When I came out of the house into the fresh air I found that I was quivering with excitement and emotion. The more I pondered over that strange scene the more the unwilling conviction toolk hold of my mind that John Solway had gene out of his senses. I began very seriously to think that It was my duty to la Solway's case before some authority, or at least to cons suit privately with some medical man. But as I was hesitating about taking action that same evening brought moe a note from John Solway himself, so clear, so reasonable, so eminently sane, that my suspicions dissolved like a mist before the sun, and any action I had contemplated was arrested for the time. The note was one of friendly apology. " It is possible," he wrote, " that one day I may give you an explanation of these things; that one day I may be able to reveal to you the real cause of my sufferings during the last few weeks. And then, it may be, I slhall have to ask for your sympathy and your pity. You spoke hastily, I know, today. You were hurt by my seeming lack of confi dence in you. Well I cannot blame you. But in spite of that, if it ever comes to pass that I have to throw myself on your generosity for help, I still think that, for the sake of a very long friendship, you will not fail me then." (To be continued I 