HDTT and HILL RIVERS, Sept. 10. Present — Chairman, and Councillors Mc Lean, Noble, and Walker. Overseer's re port read and approved. Circular received from District Councils' Association, with list of business for meeting to be held on October 3. Chairman to attend the meet ing. Circular received from Mr, Rabbisn, of Aberdeen. Memorial received from ratepayers, asking Council to open road south of sections 474, 58, 57, 14, 13, 10, 9, and 6, Hundred of Hart, or remove the gate. Council to ask Mr. Hawker to re move the gate. Letter received from Mr. J. O'Connor, asking Council to repair road from Hilltown to Gum Creek. Overseer to inspect and report. Resolved that Council lors Noble, Maitland, and Goss inspect the Anama fords, and get them repaired. Ford north of Mr. J. Smith's to be repaired. McKay to repair Stony Gap, White Hut. Tender accepted — Contracts 24 and 26, S. Mnthys. Resolved that John Luckhurst Smith be reappointed clerk, collector, over seer of works, ranger, registrar of dogs, in spector of weights and measures, inspector under the Width of Tires Act, &c.; Pay ments—General, £18 18s 6d ; main road, £34 17e 8d. Board of Health. — Present — Same as above. Inspector's report read and ap proved. John Luckhurst Smith was reap pointed secretary and inspector. Miss Dorothy Tennant must have pos sessed on her wedding morning as many diamonds as a Rothschild. Wealthy people quite unknown to Miss Tennant, and who have never to their knowledge seen the lady, have sent jewellery accompanied by pretty notes, which should from their tenor receive replies. A diamond for an auto graph may strike some people as not a fair exchange. Enthusiastic collectors, how ever, may regard the bargain differently. A contract has been concluded between a London syndicate and the Servian Government for establishing pork factories in Servia. The syndicate undertakes to commence the necessary works imme diately ; to kill 100,000 pigs in the first year, 150,000 in the second, and so forth, until the maximum of 300,000 is reached. The factories are to be established in Nisb. The company is to pay no taxes during the first 10 years. The representatives have deposited £5,000 with the Government. The purchase by the Emperor of an estate at Urville, in Lorraine, has caused quite a sensation in Germany, and haB been received in Alsaoe-Lorraine with much satisfaction. The Emperor is the first German sovereign to acquire landed property in the Reichs land. The Emperor's example is not likely to be without imitators, and may perhaps induce weathly agriculturists to contribute to the peaceful conquest of Alsace-Lorraine by purchasing land and settling there. The estate covers about 600 acres. Now that the formal transference of the administration of Heligoland from English to German authority is approaching, great interest centres in Berlin official circles in the appointment of governor. Though no definite selection has been made, it is generally believed that Herr Wermuth will secure the coveted official prize. Herr Wermuth is a Privy Councillor, and he occupies a very high position in the Ministry of the Interior. He is in special favor in high quarters, and has been selected by the Emperor for the discbarge of several important and confidential duties. The profits of the ' Passion Play' this year are expected to reach £50,000, which will be distributed among the actors. In 1880 the profits were only £30,000. Many inhabitants of the village of Oberammergau think that this should be the last per formance. Lnst winter the great cross which from time immemorial crowned the summit of l\obel was blown down in a storm ; and there was a superstition that when the cross fell the ' Passion Flay' should cease. The cross was replaced by an iron one. Herr Silas, an Austrian, has devised a shell or obus containing oil, to be fired by ships in bad weather in order to calm the waves ahead of them. It consists of a cylinder capable of holding 300 grammes of oil, and carrying a phosphide of calcium light. When fired from a mortar provided for the purpose, the light discovers its posi tion, and the oil, displaced by the water, sheds itself over the eurface of the sea. Experiments were recently made with it at Gavre, Lorient, and elsewhere, And it was found that in 12 minutes after the obus fell the water was calmed over a circular space of about 900 square metres. A young lady belonging to an aristocratic Italian family disappeared from her home at Tivoli about a year ago. Tbe search which was made by her parents and by the police to discover her hiding place was un successful. Nevertheless, it was suspected that ehe bad entered eome convent. Tbe Pope was applied to, and in compliance with the earnest request of the young lady's mother he sent a circular letter to all the convents, ordering tbe superior of the in stitution in which the runaway might be to immediately inform him of the fact. A few weeks later it was ascertained in this way that the young lady was in a convent at Marseilles. In conformity with the Pope's instructions the young lady has just been restored to her mother. Invercargill has been enjoying its turn with a ghost scare. The other evening a respectable married woman, who was taken for tbe ghost, had rather an unpleasant time. She had been visiting & friend at North Invercargill, arid was returning home by a path that cuts the south-eastern corner of the reserve, when she was pounced upon by a man, who, somehow, had mistaken her for a ghost. Without waiting for an explanation, he seized her by the body, shouting out, ' I've got you this time. I'll make it hot for you ;' and proceeded to drag her towards the police station. The unfortunate woman screamed with terror, and pleaded to be let go, as there waB some mistake, but it was some time before she was released. It appears that the woman carried a white parcel, and this seems to have been the only reason for the assault. In the South Brisbane Police Court, during tbe evidence of the prosecuting witness (George Eaves) in the case of sly grog-selling against Robert White, a resi dent of Coorparoo, the defendant appeared to be seized with a sudden paroxysm of madness, for upon Eaves testifying to having paid for certain drinks he began to gesticulate wildly with his arms, shouting at the same time, ' You ? liar ; you scoundrel, I'll shoot you.' As may well be imagined, a profound sensation was created in the crowded court, and Senior-Sergeant Love instructed the constables present to secure and remove tbe cause of the dis turbance. This, however, wbb easier eaid than done, for White struggled and fought like a madman, and was only taken down to the cells with the greatest difficulty by three policemen. For some time afterwards his yells were audible in court, and one of the constables etated subsequently that he at tempted to Btrangle himself while in the cells. White is considered a very steady man ; end his sudden attack of apparent mania was attributed by one of his friends, j who was present in court, to his protracted j ufferinge from fever and ague. 