A FREE MARKET Tho literal meaning of tho word " Fair,*' In It# commercial sense, is a " free market/' In other words, a “fair” means a market at which all and every may purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also whero all and every can sell with** out any. such' disabilities aa attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the soda and industrial life of tho people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino oommunicataon which resulted, these fairs have pretty wull died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown., indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain Id these fast go-o-head colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is dons with a movement and foroe to- which, even in this day, few provincial folk la the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer more prospcnous condition, as well aa the a^shAK energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for clow or cumbrous methods; and the art now In sought in all directions to do as much in an hots M 100 years ago was accomplished in a week* This, however, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards Mm the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, fc a hundred* fold greater, and is more equally distributed than 2b those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people,by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote:— “ Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and aa edne tion and a higher intelligence have taught them bow to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such ao Foy and Gibson’s, of .'-Smith street, OolliDgwood^~J^ springing into existence, whoee purpose it la to aupply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of bona Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs tire unknown In Australia* We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to uso - a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyee good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during tho day moat, indeed, have a large and generous mind if ho forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of these places. All moved by the one impulse—an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibeon to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of tbeso crowds arr rendered happier by their attendance at thin Fair* The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will ha vs a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever la her home. The country gentleman who has pur* chased his suites of furniture for the home a which he shall presently oondnet his brido, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftless slovonly bacholor days, be has been on utter stranger. In a word, is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - fiu» of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup* poee that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplate ing the establishment of these fairs, took into wo* koaing tho philanthropic aspect of the matter. Bud aa a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them tho important, though intangible balance of an a* creased popular contentment. There is another lessontoleatn from these fairs, and that is, that in tho hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, aro beyond the influence of method. Tho rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the law* of the Medea and Persians. A fixed system—result of long experience-and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, ao that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Borne idea may be formed by those who have new visited Foy and Gibson'a premise* of their tis* when we inform them that the frontage extend* 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford Btreet of 200ft. The gm dhow rooms, fllTi with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. Wo wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hero o' nighto and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering mutters, taste again some slight flaws of the delights which once moved them in the flesh.' We do not believe iu ghosts, but, aa we have Ms Bliakespeare* authority tliat there are more thing* iu heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oos philosophy, it may be ou tho cards that ghosta > f de parted fair ones do revisit fcbeae scenes of ftvsl delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibeoa's Fairs. 