CRTJRGH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. OPENING, 0F,,.THE ANNUAL ? ! ...r: /:'i".''&Ee;»roNii/,i"i'"u.ow.' : ' '? ' -sn.viriH 8— ' a t» Tho annual session ot'lho Churcfiuof. England Assombly'pynsojVbjied; yesterday ih'thriTflhity Hall, East Melbourne. There was a largo at tendance of clerical And lay members. Drl Goo, Bishop of Melbourne, presided. president's address. Dr. Goc, in his inaugural address,! welcomed the mombcrs to the first session of tho olcventli assembly of tho Church of England in tho diooeso of Melbourne. The past year had been ono of expectation. The interior of the cathedral had been growing in beauty. and grandeur day by day, but they would not bo able to justify the expenditure of £100,000 on this 0110 building if it were meroly to ndd ono moro church of superior sizo and dignity to tho ohurahes of tho city. Tlio cathedral was not simply a fine structure or even a school of sacred music, but a diocesan institution, and, ns a(contro of unity, its tondeuoy was to break down parochial selfishness and hind tlio parishes together as an organic whole. Owing to satisfactory arrangements for tlio mainten ance of tlie services, lie trusted the cathedral would ho raised above tho necessity of seokiug the aid of sent rents, and that in the words of Bishop Short, wlion anticipating tho completion of his cathedral at Adelaide, " tho scats will ho unappropriated "and unlet; all who will may enter, and all freely worship, high and low, rioh and poor, one with nuotlier. It is the mother ohnroh of the whole dioceso, in which evory member has a right and an interest." (Ap plause. ) The day of conseorntion would he Thursday, 22nd Jnuunry. Nine bishops had nlrendy promised to take part iu tho services. But a still moro important and lofty aim than the completion of the cathedral was tho enterprise described in tlio report of the church oxtension committee for Mel bourne and its suburbs. Notwithstanding tlio vast increase iu the population there had not been a corresponding increase in church work or church attondnnco, aud tlio coinmittee recom mended the formation of 7 new parishes and 14 mission districts, tlio erection of 8 mission halls mid the purchase of 30 sites for church purposes. With regard to the heavy outlay involved therein, lie pointed out that the character of tho work appealed as inuoli to tlio country as to the town. He again pressed on tho notice of the membors tho claims of the Bishop ot Melbourne's Fund as the backbone of the church's home mission work. The estimated incomo for the year was exceeded by £223, the total revenue being £6223. In connection witli tho Sunday School Associa tion, apaper drawn up in the form of questiounud answer had boon issued, intended to explain its needs, its work mid its progress. There were also lists of questions of an instructive character to he jiut to examinees. In looking over these quostions it occurred to him that it might he desirable to introduce questions hearing on the social aspects of practical Christianity. For instanco, senior scholars might ho asked in examination, "Isit right to boycott? Given reason for your answer, and quote the church catechism in support of your answer." He had lmrdly need to say that the catechism furnished an admirable nnswer to this question in its summary of our duty to our neighbor. (Ap plause.) Or a question might bo asked on Acts iv., 32, "and not ono of them said that aught of the things which ho possessed was his own," — Is it right or wrong, then, for a Christian to liavo private property ? and if it he rigli t for him to liavo it, in what senso is it his own? Questions'such as these must bo faced anew, und it was becoming important for our young people to have Christian teaching concerning tl'em. The material progress of the church during tho year, though not rapid, had been steady. It was dcsirahlo that chuiches, of what ever material, should ho appropriately built and fitted, and the diocesan architect had prepared designs for sacred edifices whioli would be at once cheap and churchlike. Ho noticed with anxiety that in three out of tho four archdeaconries the number of communicants was returned less in 1889 than in 1888, and being unable to account for this apparent dcclino ho' requested the brethren to he as accurate ns possible in muking lists of their communicants. There were hopeful Bigns of a growing interest in the heathen missions. The A'oti. Archdeacon Wil liams, of tlie dioceso of Waiapu, 'New Zealand, had offered to give £1000 to tho fund for erect ing a mission church for the Chinese in Mel bourne, on the condition that £4000 bo raised in the next lg months. The church had lost tho ser vices of well known members by tlie retirement of the Venerable Archdeacon Crawford, and tho death of Mr. Samuel Mullen aud Mr. Alfred Woolley. It was a year and a half since Bishop Barry .left our shores, and Sydney was only now nbout to receive a bishop, New South Wales a metropolitan, and Australia a primate. Thoso long intorvuls were mischievous to.the chuich, because they tended to weaken in the minds of the public any sense of tho importance ot tlio episcopal office asanintcgralpartof their ecclesias tical polity. He would not dwell upon the causes of delay in this instance, because thoy wero well known, and because he thought them humiliating to the church. But tho genorol synod would probably meet at Sydney a y oar hence, and it was greatly to be desired that thnt body might ho able to deviso a plan for the election of primate which should be less pro ductive of delay and les3 linhlo to miscarry than that now in force. Ho did not wish to cxprosB a decided opinion as to the most effectual way of doing this, but tho motion tabled by one of their lay representatives appeared well worthy of the consideration of the assembly ; it would place tho power of electing a primate in the hands of tlio General Synod. (Applause.) The hand of death liad inflicted serious losses on the Church at home in tiie removal of Bishop Lightfoot and Dr. Liddon. Tliero remained tlio namo of one othor who was ono of them, hilt who 45 years ago went out from them — Cardinal Newman, tho last survivor of the triumvirate of remarkable men who originated tlie traetarian movement. To the early success of that move ment Dr. Fusey supplied the prestige, Kcblo tho poetry, and Newman the 'specious argument anil the personal influonce. Thefirsttraetcamo out in 1833, the last iu 1841. This last tract was historical, aiul known as tract 90 ; its titlo was " Remarks on Certain Passages in the 39 Articles; " it put a violent and noil-natural senso on tho artiales ; iu fact, it explained them away, so as to make tiiom appear consistent witli Romish doctrine. Newman wns the author of tho tract, and four youiB after its publication ho bore the strongost testimony to tlio hopelessness of tho attempt by seceding from tlio Churoli of England and join ing tlio Church of Rome. As an honest man and a clear thinker he could not do other wise. "While on the ono hand many followed him in his secession, on tho other hand it opened tho oyes of many' to the Remit- ward tendency of the movement. If any man could have shown that the articlos were fairly oaxiahle of a Romish interpretation, Newman was the man. But lie deliberately abandoned his own theory, and showed by liis secession how impossible it was to reconcile tho teaching of the Church of England witii that of the Church of Homo. There woro somo who would minimiso the differences bctwech tho two churches, and represent them as slight. -But ho would quoto tho words of tlio committee of hishoxis appointed at the Lambeth GWfcrcnco of 1888 to consider the question of Homo Re-union : — " Tlie committee with deep regret felt that, under present oircumstauccs, it was useless to consider the question of ro-union with our brethren of tho Roman Church, heiug pain fully aware that any proposal for re-uuiou would bo entertained by tlie authorities of that churah only on condition of a complete sub mission on our part to thoso claims of absolute authority and tlio acceptance of thoso other errors, both in doctrine and ill discipline, against which, in faithfulness to Cod's Holy AVord and to the true principles of His Church, we have hcon for three centuries bound to protest." Ho thanked the clergy for their support of liis action relative to tho new divorce law. It was always a painful duty for tho Church to refuse her con currence with tlie law of the land, but the higher law superseded tho lower — " AATe ought to obey God rather than men." To his mind, tlm Lord Josus Christ never spoke moro dearly and dis tinctly than Ho did on tills subject, and for Christian men His AVord was law and must bo obeyed, whatever consequences might ensue. The general outlook on the Btato of the world at tlio present time could nob bo regarded without much anxioty. Tlie woird proxiliecy of De Tocqucville was being fulfilled beforo our eyes : — " If the great questions of tho beginning of this ccntnry were mainly political, thoso which will convulso tho world at its close will he social." If tho social war . which now raged in Australia wero confinod to these colonies there would he less ground for apprehension, but it was being carried on in tlie United Kingdom and in the United States of America with moro or less of intensity. Amongst ourselves how rapidly it had grown ! It seemed biit yesterday since thoro arose a littlo cloud out of the sea, liko a man's hand (the dis missal of the fireman in tho Corinnn), and, lo ! the heaven was blnok witli clouds. The present relations botween employers and employed seemed to point to a dissolution, or to a recon struction, sooner or later, of tho existing social fabric. Tlio very meaning of terms omxiloyod in tlie discussion of tlio labor question had under gone) an ominous change. Tnko the expression " free labor." Lord Brassoy's book on Work and Wages, xiuhlished about 18 years ago, begins with the following sentence : — "The recognition of the rights of froe labor came late in the history of the world. Neither tho Greeks nor tho Romans recognised tlio liberty of labor." Now, on a further examination of tho chapter in which tlieso words occur, you found that by free labor the author means " the right of combination for tho x>urpose of obtaining better torms for labor." Oil the other hand, in a nowsxiaper articlo of Thursday last, wo read thus : — " It is folt nmungst tlio omployors that nothing practical can bo done until tlio union leaders li'nvo returned ;an nnSwer(to the essential and ill- important question 'as to whether they will. recog nise freo labor:" .In, fact, whereas a few years ngo freo labor ' sigliified the right to combino, now it signified tlie tf ght'uof to corn bill il/Truiles unions having gainoil toleration anil o'lVoOurago- ment, and very properly so, now assumed an aggressive attitudo to those laborers who declined tojoin them, threatening them witli injury totlicir employment if they persist in standing aloof. This, ns it appeared to him, was Bheer tyranny. (Ap- plnuso.) Employers wore froo to choose non-union laborers ; and laborora woro freo to join a union or not., ns they plensod. All men wero justified in lifting, tip their voices against tyranny, whothuj', thOrJyranuy bo that of . Nero or of a trades unioil'. ""At the same timo, it must not whioli lies at,' tlio root of those troubles is the selfishness of tlio human heart, nndsGfiahncus wns not confined to any ono class ' oik y KOoiMy.' . Tlio success ' ;df trades unions must, in tlio long run, bo dependent on tho prosperity of their employors ; and yet tho lnngutige used by tlie unions too often implied that the intorests of tlio two wero not only not identical, but opposed to each other. The representative of ono powerful union said, speaking of the masters, "Whey want tile greatest profits, we tho highest wages." <3n tlio other hand, when wo looked hack on tlio' past history of. tlio relations botween enpitnl and labor, wo could scnicely fail to trace present troubles, in groat measure, jo the worship of private property on tho p!frt of the moneyed classes. That private property was, in a sense, lawful, could not bo denied; otherwise tiieio could bo noplace for tlio eighth command ment. But when men mndo private property their graven imago ; when thoy fell down unto it, and worshipped it, and prnyml unto it, and said, "Deliver mo, for thou art my god ;" wlion thoy used it cliielly for self-gratification nnd self- nggrandLomcnt, showed no sympathy with others— such, conduct as this filled the hoarts of the masses with discontont, envy and malice. It was nitogotlior contrary to the spirit anil genius of Christianity. Jesus Christ, its founder, had no private xiroperty, nnd His fislior- men willingly surrendered wlmt littlo they had for His sake. Tho whole ourrent of His teach ing run counter to tlie doctrine that ov'eryono lias tho right to do wliat he likes with his own. (Appluuso.) AVc knew what the immediate clfeet of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost was upon the holders of private property. But lot 110 ono assert that hccauso that particular effect was temporary it was therefore a failure. It was not a failure ; it asserted iu n conspicuous manner tho attitudo of Christianity towards xiroperty, and tho.lesson has never been wholly forgotten liv the church, and lie believed it was destined to learn it by sharper means than hud evsr been used before. On what ground, then, might youcall your land or your money your own ? The Christian answer to this question was plain. You might call these things yours because tho Great Proprietor above lias constituted you, and you alone, tlio trusteo of them, tlio steward anil caretaker of them. This was tlio only theory of ownership recognised in the Kingdom of Heaven. Your iiropoi'ty was yours because you have a personal responsi bility for the disposal of it, which none can share with you ; it wns yours because from you, and from none beside, your Lord would here after demand un account of the use which you had made of it. There were many Christian men, tliunk God, owners of property, who dill thus recognise tlie responsibilities of wealth — men whoso cxamxilo and influence shed a porpetual benediction upon tho wurld around them ; nnd if all resembled tliOm it-, , would perhaps he too much to say that tliero would have been no strikes, but it might hesaid.that. thoro would have been no ground for them. (Applause.) AVhat- would he the end of thoso tilings nono could tell. But lie was xiersuadcd that the hearty practical adoption of Christian principles in their bearing upon tlie vast social questions which now convulse the world was tlie only remedy for present troubles. (Ap plause.) They were assombled there ns com municant members of the church of Christ, banded together to extend His kingdom and to make His lifo, His dentil, Hi? example, His teaching more widely known and understood among men. Tho social disorders which threatened us with so muoll misery might well kindle within their hearts a holy enthusiasm for tlie oxtousion of tlio Christian faith. They should endeavor throughout their debates to keep in view the grand design of nil church organisations, - which was (iu the words of a thoughtful writer) "tlint tlio whole fabric of humanity, all the rolations of men to God, to ono another, nnd to the outward world, shall ho Xiervaded by the sx>irit of Christ." . (Loud ap plause.) SESSIONAL APPOINTMENTS. . ."-Jrf: Mr. AV. E. Morris was appointed scorctnryjof assembly, and Mr. F. R. Godfrey chairman' of committees. The hour of sitting was fixed at 3 XLim-daily, the evening sitting to begiu at 7.30. . v ' new bills. Bills to amend the regulation of elections net,- the assemblies act and the patronage' act wero read tho first time. additions to standing orders.".. Mr. F. R. Godfrey moved an addition to the standing orders xiroviding that when any amend ing bill was introduced, no nmendmont should be proposed in tho original act not covered by the titlo or scope of tho amending bill;: and that when a hill was proposed to amend any particular olauso of an existing act, no amend ment should he proposed iu nuy other olauso in such aot. The motion was seconded by Mr. AV. E. Morris, and tho debate was adjourned to next day. Sir. Godfrey moved a further addition provid ing that no motion to suspend tlie standing rules or orders should be put to tlie assembly if 10 members objected, and that no debate or dis- cussioh ho allowed: on such motion. Tlio debato was adjourned to next day: Tfio assembly then adjourned to 3 o'clock this afternoon. ' 