NEWS AND NOTES. I S li I A NOTICe was posted, yesterday, at the Central Telegraph Office, that Hoag»l(ens; notifies the Caatsn Swatowliaeia ùtscvaptod, ? ? Jj »» 1-1" -1 'was IT is announced at the Central Telegraph GAme, that Port Durban notifies mail for Mauritius closes there at II and- this more MAILS for the Australian colonies, New Zealand, etc., for despatch per railway to Albany, and thence per contract steamer will close at the General Post Office this morning at 11.30. AT the Perth Police Court, yesterday, John TJelf and William Ptolemy were each fined 10s or fourteen days for being drunk and disorderly. Joseph Godwin was fined 1s and seat to prison for one month, for drunkenness. Wm Honour Mr. Justice Stone will hold a Special Court at Geraldton, on Monday the 25th instant for this trial of any causes or matters which shall then by set down for trial and brought before him. His Honour will leave for Geraldton by tbaJiuëtrahnd. ACCORDING to the meteorological report for the 24 hours preceeding 9 a m. yesterday morning, rain fell to the extent bpeoifledic=% Mandurah for, Bannister 01, Vasse '42? Bridgetown 93, Esperance Bay for." The weather was so follows. Frosty at New Norma and York ; cloudy at Newcastle, Northam, Bunbury, and Israelite Bay ; overcast at Mandurah ; showery at Vasse ; foggy at Bridgetown; fine but cloudy at Esperance Bay and generally fine at all other observing stations. The maximum temperature in shade was as under Derby 98, Cossack 79, Ashburton 77, Carnarvon 79, Geraldton 65, York 58, Perth 63. Fremantle 62, Bunbury 60, Albany 55, and Esperance Bay 59. Intercolonial report Adelaide 55, ( 43) overcast ; Melboona 59, (326) overcast; Sydney 59, fine and clear ; Brisbane 73, fine and clear. NEXT month, three new clergymen of the Anglican Church will, arrive in this colony, the Rev. G. P. Metcalfe, the Rev. B. A. Adams, and the Rev. H. Nethercott. They are now on their way here, it having been arranged they should take their passages by the P. A O steamer Victoria, which is due at, King George's Sound about the middle of September. As soon as possible, they will proceed to the Nor' Western districts of the colony to which they have been, appointed. Mr. Metcalfe will succeed the Rev. T. Phillips of Roebourne, who has been obliged to resign his incumbency, owing to ill-health, caused by the intense heat of the climate and the heavy amount of work to be performed in qo -IN ... larges district. Mr. Adams- goes up! as ae«tateiitel«nyman, and with Mr. Metcalfe gathering work the whole district, one, taking the war risk in Roebourne perish, which will extend ; over the Ashburton and De Grey country, while all the other is travelling about the district. It' Harris Bishop Parry's hope that it will be found .? possible to appoint' a third clergyman for 14 this district, in order that its outlying parts, -; as ter, perhaps, as Kimberley may be served. J Mr. Nethercott has been appointed to the .Gàaooynè,'taking charge of that and the Sharks Bay districts, and will reside at Car VAfBswvón. It is understood that the two first named gentlemen; are unmarried. Mr. -. Nethercott is married. It is hoped that there clergymen will be brought out shortly. ,M;J-J.¿; ?:;-?-. ! still if; Tau Perth Local! Court was LAST night the now Postal and Telegraph 'System were lit up for the first time since the V.C erection Of the buildings. The lights attracted a grant deal of attraction in the streets, \- - as the powerful lamps in front of the building threw in: strong light across the street The hall and offices were inspected by the Hon. . ',. J. A. Wright, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, Dr. F.' Sett Mr. G. T. Poole, Colonial Architect, Mr J. W. Hackett, Mr. W. Stephens, and Mr. "Hatton Richards. Mr. E. Salter, of the Public Works Department, explained the 'new'. fittings of the hall and offices to the company. There are twenty lights round the baU. On or;. the left side are the two telegraph receiving office, the savings' bank and the registration .-ij-:ó»Boe. ??. Over each window of the telegraph reoeitingofiloeis en Argand burner, and the ?'; savings bank, and the registration office are similarly lighted. On the right of the ball J__the_money.order office and the Stamp-office are also lighted with argand burners, and next to these are the parcels post offices; and the privàte]boxes, which are lit up by a four- way pendant; and the two windows over the posts restante ead enquiry office are supplied ijWJtiihi.biaokots. The two searching seems to be lit by brackets and pendants and the man receiving room by pendants only. In ad i^dttioatothe^peadaats the administrative canons are provided with movable table lights; ,i:i>B4,g«asrally speaking the whole of ten rooms u are fitted with pendant, and the corridors 'ZiW&Mmik;ßti:-- The fittings were put up by 'Mr.'JameeLapsley.. -RI"' .'?--S- ! as _,_ is held yesterday, J W; selling cases were heard £5. .' Meleager a:W.' Shearn, claim forfeit 16s ^¿.sJjftm'/foowB Bold. Judgment was given, for iKwBBSMoemtolsimed withl¿octa; A Freecorn ...'milaeBsa A Collett, claim for AT 13s 64 for value of' goods burned at the fire at Patton ' Collett's. The case was struck out at the ' 'platatUI did not appear J. C Wascoe's. OF. CeUett,^kdm for 595 10s for work done. .n-rlangBisatC.was given, for the, plaintiff for 5 Mr. J. J. Smith v. W. Rose, claim pTor Mr ' 17s 10d, reader. , Judgment. was given for _SJ«'1L Meagher F. J. -¿TNotOi; claim for \?M^'*¡&**^ T Wolff was non-suited applied forme, case of, Freecorn v, Patton'A ocellata to be reinstated. Mr. Haynes said ko!4p^ear«d for the plaintiff, and when the ;eeos_yae oeUedhe was 'in the clerk's room. Me. But aside who appeared for the defence, knew that he was in the case, and he knew to be heit'WM on the table as were also his ,J1)npépé««i'indi.'under- these, circumstances he thought the conduct of Mr., Burnside in ii working it the . case might be struck, out -.¿waaooBtempttble. The magistrate said of The Jiieonld not reinstate either:.- case, and f?Wggeetoi that' -Mr.: -Haynes and Mr. Burnside should come to some arrangement ,6ülMr;'HhyBé«:'Batd he would not ask Mr. Burn.' , side to allow the case to come on again, after ,jUW(Aoondúot The magistrates ..$tev,"Mare,'.migh''.',.try 1 'and,. bring about an ^.Bartoftk arrangement Mr. Here suggested that Mr. Haynes should give Mr. Burnside still, and they could argue the case out " before his worship. The magistrate thought 5-'ÍBBi'»-;very:'food- suggestion, and told Mr. Barnes to give Mr. Burnside notice. -(i V:;TB»B editor of the Centennial Magazine has "issued the' following notice with the July ^Mumber'',of'-his:'magasine:-An apology', ia 0 dear; to" our readers.. With the present issue by were Centennial Malvina completes the - ^.eooadyeer of its existence. During that time we have been steadily increasing our oiairiialatiaB,. enlarging our' influence, and a exhausting our treasury 1 Three months ago the situation seemed hopeless. With a foot keels every colony, a good word from every Mvkírer,'.Ja';;"more attentive audience in England than awaited the appearance of any other Australian,; publication, we could see nothing before us but the ghosts of ill-fated i magazines beckoning us to an untimely end. B^rténeately, however, the creditors with whom we had to deal were public spirited feet of hose faith in the Magazine was a large MAytr-olàims;'.against it They; believed pital the triennial had a useful and press ii»orw/otor«,^and instead of killing it. and fighting over its remains joined as deter J.attaattoato help it over the initial difficulties Common at all, - even the meet sasqsssfol . -fawrtodieaUi upon: which many ? thousands of 'Smfte^'mBit^'expende«' befoWiaBr^Bdo. Oceana's returned possibles With eight \- *fe&ros;ïty,forJwhicr^;«n^ f al, array of our literary and artistic on. -VtKnotwYôilite^^pra'preéën^ il, an«ÍMrtBagea)««§«.eonelnded for prompt and regular pabUeoteo» in future. Meant %ltBh,:ee>Tv.atootaly iasa«Bihave<ue«m sadly ?.htlÍK/an4 «wÂ;(isitB«> shortoomtogîwhkmon JBagq>csyrfcn^imbMslittg;ae we do almost ?'Bto«tov:r^ti'dliand^we'a«k our readers to i^Pbl«V'l^P^^we%«de%ly hope to have to established a normal condition of insTBetoalitr.-¡..-¡a^ii-. bif--..,-'» 'ÍI>-A;>-IV.-HIT 