Stage Gossip. v Dion Boucicault's play of "Formosa" has been revived at the Theatre Boyal, Melbourne. Of the actors who were pronühently associated with its first production in Australia, some twenty years ago, Mr. H. E. Harwood is ono of the fewK survivors. The late Mr. Hoskins made g H great hit in it as Major Jorum.--Mr. G. MilnH th© American tragedian, whose regent tour iijB New .Zealand has been a. successful onejH purposes to visit England at an early date, andfl try his , fortune * on the , London . stage.---Hi A three-act drama entitled "Les- Eevenants^ai (The Ghosts), by .Henrik Ibsen, author of "AM Doll's House," was lately played m Paris. TheH piece was judged admirable by some critics I downright insufferable by others ; the rival camp! being nearly equal in number.--One of thoH dancers at the Court Theatre, Berlin, was recently I found dead in her bed. She had performed at the S theatre the evening before, and seemed in good li health. At first it was supposed that the girl had I < committed suicide by poison, but a post-mortem Bl examination showed that she died from failure of ? the heart's action, due to tight lacing. The liver 1 of the unfortunate young woman was horribly de- i " formed and crushed out of Bhape.--Archdeacon fi1 Parrar is about to publish a volume of his im- [|¡ pressions pf the Passion Play at Ober-Ammergau. §> i \--At the forthcoming memorial performance in 11 honor of the Elizabethan dramatist, Marlowe, ii an address in rhymed Alexandrines, in which the ? French poet, M. Eichepin, is to do homage'? to the .founder of the "mighty line/'B is to be spoken by Madame Sara Bernhardt.-1 The forty-fifth annual gathering of the general Hi theatrical fund was recently to be held at the I1 Hotel Métropole, London. Charles Dickens took B an active part in connection with the founding Mn of the institution, and presided at its' first K festival, as he often did at subsequent ones, mt Besides that of Dickens, the names in the list of Wk chairmen comprise those of the late Lord Lytton, B| Thackeray, Macready, CharleB Kean, Benjamin B\ "Webster, Buckstone, PhelpB, Charles Mathews, B ' Alfred Wigan, Shirley BrookB, and Wilkie ip Collins, and many others more or less famous. Ml On the .occasion in question the chair jr ' was to be filled by the Lord Mayor w I of London, Mr. Leopold de Rothschild.--P A new play by Dion Boucicault, whieh . wup j recently announced for production in San Fran-p j cisco, is said to have been originally written fol " i Joseph Jefferson twenty-five years ago, but neve! '<? brought out.-Henry Irving drew the winninsg? horse in the Garrick Club sweepstakes for thill Derby, and won ¿6300.--Sara Bernhardt'«! reappearance in London was to take place lJH "Joan of Arc." Her performance in the partoflH the Maid was once very nigh being converteJHj into a i eal trag edy by an accident which occurreoJH in the final scene of the burning of Joan.-IE One has to go from home to hear news. Thus,Hg from America we leam that " Mr. George Rignold Hp had proposed to revive 'Julius Cosar' at Msilp theatre in Sydney, and made overtures to WisäHS' Augusta Dargon to play ' Marc Antony/ and tbat||'i' the lady demurred." One may well wonder withp .*> "Vincent Crummies, " who puts these things m."[ - \--«Samuel Drake, an American actor, TTIIO/' ^ according to a San Francisco paper, is a lineal! c descendant of the famous Elizabethan seaman,! J Sir Francis Drake, has, as the same paper states, j" £ retired to the Home for Old Men at Johnsland,1 - after a long life bf professional activity.-. * Professor P. A.. Leo has thrown out a bone of con- ~ tention. to Shaksperian scholars by the publica tion of an elegantly got-up little volume contain ing the autographs of Eosenkrantz and Guilden- ' - stein, which he discovered in a princely albumin the Stug gart library. The autograph of "Jörgen j Eosenkrantz," inscribed in the album in 1577, \ figures underneath tho legend, "In utraque I fortuna ipsius fortuna) esto memor," whilst P. Gudenstern entered his name under' the n resigned saying, "Ferendum est sporandum, « -Under the title of "The English Novel J in the Time of Shakspere," M. Jusserand, ; whose antiquarian works are well knonn, ^ has published, through Mr. Fisher Unwin, ;. $ an entertaining work, beautifully illustrated r with portraits and facsimiles of early woodcuts, b Properly speaking, there can hardly be said to fi have boen such a thing as an English novel in tho > time of Shakspere. Such works as Painter's^ 5 "Palace of Pleasure," Lodge's "Rosalynd," and * " Euphues's Golden Legacie," from which Slinks- x pere derived subjects for plays, had little or no * originality. Most works of fiction published in , j England at thatperiod, indeed, were mostly taten ? t from tho gleanings of Italian writers like Boc- ' c caccio and Bandello. It was not until moro £ ? than 100 years later the novels of Field' £ mg and Eichardson spread the fame of English 2 ft literature far and wide throughout Europe.-- J V The question of Government grants to the frenchy *» theatres waB lately discussed by a special com mittee of the Chamber of Fine Arts. There ra . ? much difference of opinion as to the condition | jrj under which the subsidies should be continued; | H On the one side it was held that the actors of th! j n Français should be -permitted to give perform ' *. ]c anees abroad. On the other it was said that il > « was useless for the State to maintain playhouse! . & in order to enable artists to make fortunes ii , other countries. It was also complained a that nothing new had of late days been brough < t{ out at the Français, and that classical works bad . ú been crowded out by mere drawingroem comedid h "With respect to the tours of the Français co» .. : pany, it was urged that they should be confitó « g to the French provinces, and it was at tu. *> ^ same time admitted to be only right tua ». ¿, the provinces should be visited by actor, , a, to whose support ' ' they contributed.-; ; - fl, In a farcical comedy, entitled " The Ney Tiing, - lately produced at the Strand Theatre, there we* fr .tc some amusing hits at journalism. A character^ « B. supposed to be disguised as a paperhanger, in ei^; ^ plaining to a young lady how it was that he ßi^W writtenaletterinTHEATHENÄUM,remarked: ¿ many of us workmen write for the papers; one cy t B my mates writes for the S ATUBDAY REVIEW. My. fe in the edge-tool trade." . r. 