IRovdist. 1MTE0 HUSBAND ; Oi!, Lady Ciictwynd's Spcctrc. By Mrs. Hahhiet -Lewis.. ICHAl'TKR XXVI. ax ntpoiiTAST discovery. While Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Tempest arid Bisrt, the detective, were investigating the ittlcs »f the great house for some Vf stigc of iSurrtfnt pnsenee of (he ' spectral' visitor [( Cketivuul l'ark, Sylvia and Gilbert Kink wvro arriving at a mutual under KinAinj;. Mifs Mnnlc lmd proceeded to iter own 'janMoakivinp Ibe drawing-room. She W (soh.'iivjcil her dinner dress of. gold eotore.1 sill; for her rcarle! dressing gown of muffiw .itnancnfiimeiv, i-miiroiiiereit heavily with 9 pH. Ilcr pliiteviny tftpazes still swung. in. 55 in firartliy ears. Sin; win earelissly lnottiii' a e,-lti cord with tassels of bullion - tlttKQ about imr waist, when a knock jy.w.Jicftr'd jffl upon t'-e (lour of.hr boudoir. ','A Winer I, ' said Miss Monk. * /M i know his kiiooV, Let him in, Rigee,'' . v Tlio old Hindoo woman obeyed. Miss Monk followed' her (iltrndr.nt into her ; bom-loir, just ns Gilbcit Monk was ad mitted. Ra'gs-o loeked t'.ie -loor behind liim. k ' This is an unexpected pleasure, Gilbert,' Fsa\u M-ise Monk, iionitiilly, ?» Vou have not been veryijrothe.rly of Into. I have fancied, I indeed, that you havo avoided me. Won't I you take it sent !* ' Tbnnlis,' said Monk, lazily, ' I don't tare if I do,' unci he settled himself luxuriantly in n sluiTed lounging chair. ' T n-'rieed tV.at you wanted to seo me, Be sides, I Imvc snmethimr particular to say to yon. Where is linger. V'1 We looked around. The Bast Indiitn woman h:td eurlH herself up upon a pile of hassock-; in a. distant, corner, nnd evidently to remain in tho romn throughout . th- i -* t o r v i i w. She scowled darkly back nt Hon it, with a shadow of menace in her steallhy i yis. ' Vl ii.vt I have t'n say to yon, Sylvia,' said her M-othcv, 'is for your ears r.lono, You'd bet K'l' solid your woman awn v. ' ' You can say nothinir that i am not will in,'* my wonran shruld hear,' she replied, fUrcely. ' ]!:i,.:eo is fully in my confidence, blie will remain/' 'Oil, very well,' said Gilbert, sneer in»iy. Mis* Jfonk cn-sfed her head forward upon her lunvr iv.eic ns alio ctied out, with greater liercesii-ss : ' Whrro is Bernioc Cliet wyml ?' Monk siartetl anfl changed color. lie lind expeel'ed the question, vet when it. came lie was not. prepared for it. '3s she not in her coffin?' he nuked, mil„ » ll ^eek'e attempt to recovcr bim Belf. 5'*u '''nk to cheat me stin / 1 know you, Gilbert i\Icnk 1 I know that Herniee is alive I Where is Bhc, I say ?' ' Monk's courage rose equal to tho oc «»fion. He had only a woman to deal with, and that ivoman his own sister. He fpared not to place himself in her power, fiiucG she was in his. .lie replied, in an easy tone : 'Lady Ohctwvnd is now in London.' A look of relief passed over Miss Monk's face. ' I had fancied her in this house,' she '*yd. 'In that caso tho detcctive would frcly find her. Where is she, in Lon . h ?' I Old llacec pricked up Ucr ears. ' I di;cliiie to tell you,' r.nid Monk, oelly. ' Slio is safs, and I intend that eljo hall remain safe.' T-ho 1-Iiriiioo woman clenched her dusky innoU, while ov- r her withered face Hashed i l»»k of hatred that hodad ill for the ibsent young mar»hioncs3. ' I suppose, yon resencd Bernicc from her tnsib sixteen nmullw ago, Gilbert?' said Miss Monk, slowly. ' Ves,' ho assented. ' \Yns she buried in n trance 1' inquired , BjMVia, with apparent curiosity, j ' It was n caso of suspended animation,' \- J roplved Monk, (* prmducpd by an Indian' / drug dealt out to Beinice by vour own I trenchorftns hnnds, Sylvia, and givon to you I by tli% hag yonder. You sen, I know the j whole (ruth. As you may have suspected J ninijQ, I w'ns hidden in your dressing-room all the time while yon were concocting your diabolical plot against Herniee, J saw the eonUntii of tho secret, drawer in your Indian cabinet. I heard your plans, your hopes, your whole infernal schemo with that she-dem*n y*ndur. Perhaps you *iay nlso have gnesscd that I look advantage of your Momentary absence frnm the ro»m to changu the globules you intended for Iiernice. Yoa planned that alio should dio, I nrrnnged that . sha ihmild die only in seeming.' ' It is a 8 I suspected. Whore havo you kept W!' ' 'i'ht.t is my secret.' . '? . ' ' Miss Monk's oyea gleamed , dnhgerr ?ids ' 0t* 'Jr,ncn'-'1 heavy drooping ' What wa» your object in rescuing her ?' sho asked. - ' ' '9 'Isomy 'scoret,' sniilcd Monk. 'It shall bo mino also, if I 'tear it from your heart I' crio^ Sylvia. ' You intend to enrich yourself at my expense.: ;Yoti intend to wait unVl roy mnrringo day, and then proclaim 'io Ohetwynd that I Ctttninn !. » dei*. Oataloguea posted f LiWn^:al°g''i» may bo had at tho cLo cf ' You mistake my designs entirely. Iliad no such intention ns this you' nttributo to me. It 1 oan prevent it, Ohctwynd shall never know that Bernicc lives,' replied Gilbert, ' You cxpcct to keep hoi, nlivo ns n scourge to me, then ? You mean to compel rao to. support you through my terror of hor?' ' .'Not exactly. And yet I ospect you to pAy mo n .handsome annuity when you bo comc Lady Ohotwynd,' I-, will pay yoii moro. when she is dead.' ? M.But I intend that sho shall live. Tho truth is, Sylvia,' nnd Monk's swarthy fnco flushod, fJI lovo Borniee, You have seen into wliat.n' Buporb beauty she has de veloped. -I shall marry Bernice— sho thinks that sho is free from her marriage bond by reason of her pretended denth and burial. And I shall swear hor to. secrecy conccrning her past life, Sho is n very jPuritan, and regards her words ns other people do their oaths— nB sacred. When sho is actually mine, nnd you nro likely ? to return to Bug lnnd, I shnll tnko my brido nwny to some fornign country rind there spend my days. I nm not fond of ISnglnud, nnd I shotild lfkc to iivo-in Austria. 'Neither Bernico nor I care for soeioty. Givo ;ine n good incomc, nn estate near ' 'Vienna, horses, servants, nnd a few friends, and I caro for nothing more.' : , , Miss SlOnk rcgrirded her brother nar rowly and aearchingly. She saw that ho \vas speaking tlio truth, but yet she was not satisfied. ' You hnd no, such- design ns this, Gil bert,' she said, 'I sixteen months ago. You did-not resciio 'lier from 'I ho tomb bccaiisc you loved;her. AU.thiB love, nnd thought of life with her in a foreign innd is of later diite. ' AYhv, then, did yoii_resciie her from death ? Why . did -yoii' sccludo her nnd cdiicnte- her ? You musi '? tell' mo why, Gilbert.' 'I have no objcotions tp bo 'doing, '' said Monk, easily. ? ' The truth will do no-harm. I.Jiava 'discovore.d, through my .'connection with Scotsby & Newronn,;the fl?cro tjiistory of Lady ? Chetwy nd. : You' .' remeinbor . tt'at there was a mystery/nbout'Iier bi'rthi Sho wns abandoned, .by' her father, a wealthy ' gentlomnn, who' took herto St. Klldn in liis yacht, nnd left her on that distant island in the care of Minister' Gjvellan and his wife, who brought lip thri waif as their own child. The father ? never enmo for her. Now, I happened to discover' who she is, and tho knowledge inspired .me to net ns I ihavo dono.' Miss Monk's - brows were knitted, her swarthy faoo colorless and gray, hor manner troubled nnd nnnoyed. '. -. ' You know who Boralcc ia J' she ejacu-' lated. ' Sou have known all this while I -I neveir gavo you .credit for Buck depth, Gil bert. Who is Bernice?' ,' Thnt I cannot toll you. : I rcservo a few of my secrets, for my own especial profit.' .- : v. ? ... ' Is sho an heiress ?',' . asked Mibs Monk, frowning. . ' It is highly probable. .1 am not.one to bestir myself for a pauper.- By the way, how aboitfrjww marriage settlements?' ' They are being drawn up.by the family soliuit.or. Lord 'Ciietwynd treats jaici-tnost mngnilieently. . My yeaUyrinc^mB*iw.il) be some t hi n g . grnnd^butjithen. Ch'ct w-y nd^ can afford it/ He'd rich to embarrnsstnent^you know.' : ... Yes/.I'iinoMtVi.'said; Monkj'nrisin'g.la'^ily lie'r m'token.cf nmity. (--'-s t-/- . . ,2: \ v\^;Xd»ca9''dppbna*^iii'i^o^;{^|^ will,both*'fenthcr''.Qur.:nestsihnhij80»iely. Arid now, Sylvia, I must [ hear steps on- tho. floor above.'! . That confounded detectivd may be prowling about., ? I niean to keep my eye on him henceforth. If . lie's ; spying-,'. I may ns well get to ! my. own room.' ; , - -? .. Again ho approached the door, ' Old liagec looked at her .'mistress significantly; Miss Monk nodded, and tho Hindoo hastened to open the door. Without a: look at. her, Gilbert Monk strode out into' the; ball,. and tho door closed behind him. ! , Bagco shot home tho: bolt ' in tho look,' listened to hia departing stops,' and faced her mistress. ' What is to be done?' 'queationed the Hindoo, in a whisper, '' Is it an nlliance, Missy?' ' ' .A' ' No— a , war to tho .death 1' said- Miss Monk, in her fiereo sibilant Voice, ' ' I am list safe while. Bernice lives. She will never consent to marry Gilbert. ' She adores Koy Ohctwynd. She hag plans of her own.- She plays the ghost, hero to frighten me. Sho: means to reveal .herself! in timo to Roy; She means to be rev, ligcd on me. 'I tell you I'm standing upon a sleeping volcano; , l am not safo, Tho girl must. die. 1' - ? . ' Aye, slie must dlo !' ; ... - K ' When the detective icaves, Gilbert will go to London to see; Bernicc. You must follow him. You. must track him to' lier. Find her, and let her; riot eseiipo you tho third time, '..and Mifs Monk's eyes' flamed with her tnurdurous. menning. ' ' I!i) (is seoret ns death, as cruel as tho grave. Remember, it is my safety you . are- fighting for.' ' v . . Tho Hindoo nodded assent, with , an eril smile. . . . ... ' . And now wo will :see how Bcrnico was faring, Her meeting.with Flack seemed op portune. She resolved' to ;'spcnd -tho; night, with Mrs. Crowl, and to resume her search on the following day. for something to ' ddr and samewhoro to stay. Mrs. Orowl was in tho.aot. of sitting down to her supper, when Flack arriyod with Bernice. Sho sprang up:.. with; a gurgling crv of joy. ' ? V - :i '' Sit down, hero,' she sai^, piisliing for ward a chair,' ' You look' : tired, Miss Gwyn.' :'i Then hastily removing Bernice's hat, Bhe brought a cup of hot, strong tea.- :The girl took it eagerly nnd sipped it, 'feeling, n plensant warmth . begin' to diffuse itself throughout her s jstcm.,, Sfr's. Orowl1 btoiight ' her also buttsred tonst, and littlo was, said until young ' Lady ' Ohetwyrid!;had; eaten, and a dash of color had' oomov to her checks and tho old bravo light' to her brown, eye's. :;1- V], ' ' Thoro you , lookn bettor now,' ?' .said, Mrs. Crowl, setting down ' tho empty oup. ' Won't you havo a bit of Welsh rabbit or a chop?' .'???? - ? i. ; . Thank you; no,' repliod'Bornice. ' I \ynnt nothing more.' . . . ? ? : ' Sho put out her hands toward tho bln/.e of fire. Mrs.'C'rnwl saw how thin hor^handa were, , and now thin also the palo'young faoo,. : She saw, too, under the girl's pallor and1 weak lies*, the strength of the aw-akpned spirit, of a piMiid arid noble courago. 'qf a bra'yd' 'arid spirded naturo. .? ^ Bcrnico'. : hacl.-siiffered. errutly sliicn Mrs. Crowl had' last aeo'ri; her,; but tida suffering;. -had . boon Kite tho 'firo' wh'.'oh Irioa tho gold;'and sho \vas to-night, dei pito her wcakncss.and vovorty and friend ies/ui.'ss, a brave^ stroug-soiiled, olbar-hea'dod ' wt man. , ? j Klnclc retired to bis gaTret.- Mrs. Orowl c! cared away the remains -of supper,. and a^ Ij/.d waa iniproviaed upon the dilajifdnted' ajfd for her use.- Tho bed in tho. adjoining i oom was ro-mado, ,'arid Bernioo retired to t.ho room Willi a .candle; Mrs./Orowl-had carefully refrained from .asking, quostiopa of tho young lady, oxbibiting a delicacy for which Borniee was grateful. ,? v-1-. e :. Bornicii did not lio awako to meditate upon hor adventures or prospects; . 'She r dropped ngleep almost immediately, And then Mrs, Orowl crcpt into her room and.exnmlried.hcr poekot- book, discovering tho .solitary , three pence, that comprised Bernice's1 shield against starvation; : ; , . Sho has no money to escape on again,' 'muttorod tho'^ wonian,' it will bo' n long .time beforo her funds arc in; creascd,' : ' , - Sho took ? up the light and htnt over tho sleeper '.' ii; moment and and Jhcii withdrow. i Mrs.'Crowl was astir early in tho morging; too weak nnd tired and footsore, Tho woman brought hor tea and -toast, and afterward beef tea, nnd about noon young Lady Chatwynd appeared in the outor room, with hor hair floating oyer hor shoulders and attired in her travolling' dress. Mrs, Orowl brought a tempting luncheon to hor guest, nnd Bernico partook of it. When sho had finished she said, grate fully : ' I thank you for all your kindness to mo, Mrs. Crowl, and porhaps somo day I may repay it. I do not like to encroach upon your hospitality another night, and yet I am hardly able to go out to-day in search of a lodging or situation as governess.' Mrs. Orowl was vory attentive to hty: young guest during tho remainder of tho day nnd evening. Lady Ohctwynd retired early, and Blept well, Tho noxt morning she arose early, horseif once moro. She came out to breakfast, and was wnited upon with duo respect by Mrs, Crowl. After the meal Bernico went into tho bedroom, pnclted her trnvclUng bng, nnd put on her hnt. She camo out ready for departure. ' You havo been very kind to me, Mrs. Crowl,' she said, extending hor band. 'I am strong enough to resume my search for work. I cannot remain hero longer. I thank you again nnd again, and some day I hope to reward you.' She held out her hand, arid Mrs. Orowl grasped it with a lingering pressure. Ber nico moved toward the door. Mrs. Orowl, who had beon standing before it, moved aside with an odd smile, Bcrnico essayed to opon tho door. It was locked. ' What does this mean ?' sho demanded, hor eyes flashing. 'It means, Miss,' retorted tho woman, ' that you are a prisoner.' Bernice stood amnzed, indignant. ' Open this door l' sho commanded, her sweet voice ringing. » Open it, or I will alarm the house I' « ' Do— and seo what you'll get by it, Tho lodgers, except us, aro all men, away for the day, Tho landlady is my friend and relativo, and will stand by me. Scream— yell— shout. You'll not alarm so much .as a fly. You are a prisoner) Miss, and you may :as well understand the fact, first as last.' ; , .. v ' v, ? CHAPTER XXVII, LORD OHETWVND. Lord Ohotwyrid, Mr. Tempest, and Bisset, the iletectivo ofiicer, while pursuing their objcot of searching the unused'atties of tho house, had gone from room to room, with their candles held high above their bends, examining every nook and corner, and find ing only bare walls- and dusty floors. The young marquis had not been sufficiently sanguine to hope to find under his own roof somo vestige of the recent visit of tho Ohct wynd ' spectre.' Mr. Tempest betrayed a keen anxiety, but he also had no hope of re ceiving enlightenment in regard to the mys terious visitor whose declared rcsemblancu to Bernice — his unowned daughter — thrilled him with a desire to ace her. Bisset, alone of the three, was cool and thoroughly self possessed. He led the search, and his keen glances penetrated every niche and nook and ho stopped to examine footprints in the dust covering tho floors with a delibera tion and patienco that annoyed hia com panions. ' '' YoU'W- aaakp .nothing of those foot prints,' said Lord Ct'.vt-rsgn'ii 'impatiently, as Bissot took , out a foot neTt^'; th'fr - poekot and proceeded to.mcasure one track in its length and breadth, and to note the measurements in his private note-book. 'Some servant may have rambled through theso rooms. That is the print of a man's foot, is it not?' ' ?J.Tes) my lord,'1 said Bisset, briefly. ' Such small items as this eomctimes don't come amiss in my profession. And these measurements may be of Bcrvice to mo here after. Lot me go in advance, that I may measure any other tracks before our own confuse them.' He went on in advance. The firstfoot print ho had measured was that of Gilbert Monk. He presently found another dis tinctly defined — the footprint of the Hindoo woman, Ragce. There was no heel-mark to this print. The shoe had been flat and wide, and Bisset knew at a glanco. witli his shrewd, trained faculties, who had worn it, ' -' I . bogiri to . seo light,' lie thought. .ij.JGvory'thing-gocs to .confirm ray theory, preposterous ris that theory' seems; Monk is tho author 7pf 'the 'man's!;f6otprint i 'the Hindoo wpnianMVth'e'author of this one. I havo caught glimpses of a 'third; print, 'but, so confused Iwitli^. thrse ;twp 'that it cannot rfladily be- distingliisbedr If I : could but come uppn a.plcar -.impression of .the^ -third . foot'.' : ;V: ' The. -wish' was- soon gratified;; ' . Hoifoijiri'd' distinctly, set'in tho lieiivydayer of dust, the .impression-^ of/ ji yirl's glcndcr, delicate, highly-arched fpot ; and now his fneo flushed nnd a tinge of 'eagerness came* tp'. his mariner, as be said v v . XV' '? 11 Wc'will go on, if you plensc,1' '; ;' - ?' They continued their investigations. And at last', in the -very ln'st ^rpoiri thoy visited, they caniei, upon tho ladder; whiohiBernjce hnd le ft' leani ng ngni ris't the t rap~-door of the low upper ganct which sh'o had made, her haunt.- ?: ' ' ' '.' ? Bisset'sr eyes , gleamed.'- as he bclield the ladder. .He sprang forward and climbed up the.rourids-liko a cat, rind was in the upper garret, - . - Somathing in his manner infected Ohct wynd and Tcmpeat with like enorg) . They licame after: htm up the ladder into. tho upper room. ? It was oiily a low garret-, : barely six foot high iri; its; highfBt part, without win dows, n mcro den, lighted and ventilated through Boams arid, crevices in tho slated roof. ?' ': '.' ' And - yet it was seen at the first glance ?to havo baen'.tlie haunt of a human being. - . . -' There ;waB a mattrces in; a corner, a pillow, ariij hlatiketa,. A bit of broken mirror.' was affiled to a rough-hewn post. Thero were; a few' toilet appurtenances thnt had ? evidently been brought up from a guc'stichatnber balow.' ' Spmeono. has been here,' said Tempest, wonderlrigly. ' ' And, by the perfect neat ness that reigns bfcre, I should judge the inmato'had boon a lady.' She stayed hero for weeks at a timo,' said: Biaset,., quietly, , 'Seo hero, my .lord.''; ' j '.', '? ; . ' He poiritedi'out 'in a corner remnants of food; bones of. fowls, a box of biscuits, and other;. edibles; The gentlemen examined thom curiously;' ; ? Dp .yon' lliiiik, - Mr. Bissot, that the persori who 'has lived- iri' this room is tho .same' who 'has performed the part of Lady Ohctwynd'a spectre?!' inquired Mr. Tem pest, with anxious interest. Bisset replied in the nllirmntivo. ' She Imust bo dome'rited,' said tho young marquis; thoughtfully; ? Bisset di'd riot reply. Ho was flashing his light to arid fro .high' abovo his head, and -darting. 'bis' inquisitive glanceB hither nnd thither.' ' The gleam of . something white — a mere roll.or bundle— behind a beam over hend cnught his oyes. Ho seized it nnd pulled it down. It..unrolled, and its silken length fell upon the floor. It was- tho burial robe of Lady Ohct wynd. Tho three gentlemen stared at it for a full minute in silence. ' That is tho robo my wife was burled in 1' -said Lord Ohotwynd, In a Btrange 'voice. ' I should know it anywhere. And it is the dress worn by the spectro. Look at -the sleeve I' IMsBct lifted into plainer view tlie nmail elbow sleove with its frill of raro point lace, Part of the -laco had been forcibly torn Qut. ' ! DH.STUK'ET'' T.ofii7fW * Tho officer produced tho fragment of laoo which Lord Ohotwynd had given him, find fitted it to the onginnl frill. Tho fact was apparent at a glanco ; tho fragmont, had been torn from that very frill. '' Was there no other mark upon hor lady ahip'B gown, besides the pattern of the Jace, by whioh your lordship might identify it ?' tho officer asked, 'No — yes. Upon tho evening aftor our dinner party, as Lady Ohotwynd and I stood in hor boudoir,' replied tho marquis, ' tho ornamenta upon my watch chain be came entangled in tho laco on tho inner aide of her sleevo. Our attempts to detach tho ornamontB roBulted in a rent in the laco, an odd little zig-zag rent-, which Fifino, Lady Ohetwynd's Fronch maid, ropaired tho next day. I havo never thought of tho incident sinco, until now your question recalls it.' ' Wo can soon prove, then, if this bo hor ladyship's gown,1' Bald Bieaet, ' Look 1' He displayed tho inner side ol both sleeves. Lord Ohotwynd examined both, and uttored a strange cry, starting back. He had found tho littlo rent ho had described, but so carofully darned aB to bo imperceptible aavo to tho closeat Bcrutiny, Bisset and Mr. TempeBt examined it narrowly. ' This is inorodiblo,' said tho explorer, in sudden ngitntion. 'Aro wo to understand that this is actually and truly Lady Ohet- wynd's burial gown ?' ' It is proved by his lordship to havo been Lady Ohetwynd's robo, worn on her first evening in this house,' said Bisset. ' But it is not yet proven to havo been tho gown in which aho was buried.' 'But it ia the snmo,' declnred the mar quis — ' tho very same. She was buried in this gown— I'll swear to it, Sho looked in her coffin Jiko a brido, She had no other white silk gown cut square in the neck, and with sleeves like those. Ask Miss Monk. Sho knowB, and will tell you.' 'Let us not drag Miss Monk into this business of investigating, my lord,' said Bisset. ' I prefer to keep Miss Monk in ignoranco of our movoments. Is there no othor who can identify tho gown?' 'Lady Ohetywnd's French maid Fifino. She lives in London. I havo hor address 8omewhere.' j -? Very well. We will apply in due timo to j Mademoiselle Filine,' declared Bisset. '? Btrt' to go on with our work here. Your lordship has proved conclusively that this gown be longed to Lady Ohotwynd. Your lordship also believes this gown to havo been her ladyship's burial robe. You will be allocked, my lord, at my next proposal, but a moment's reflection will assure you of its propriety. I desire, in your lordship's presence and the presence of your distinguished guest, Mr. Tempest, to open Lady Ohotwynd's coffin.' Lord Ohotwynd started. The idea seemed sacrilegious. His stern, agitated face ex pressed his refusal.' Tho explorer looked scarcely less agitated and amazed. ' This is n most singular proposnl, Mr. Bisset,' said Tempest, endeavoring to re cover himself. 'Why should you seek to disturb the remains of the dead ? I cannot wonder that Lord Chetwynd refuses to grant your request. I think I never heard bo Btrange a proposal in -my .lifo,' 'But theso aro strange circumstances in which we find ourselves, air,' said Bisset, re spectfully. 'Thoro is a fairahareof proba bility that this gown was worn by Lady Chetwynd in her coffin. How, then, did it como out? I dare not ns yet deolnro to you all my siispicionn. What shall I say to you, fNid ntiijjctrny tno.'.TSich 1. xTiffo yyu-.wiypi heard of people boing buried in trances? Havo you never heard of cases of suspended animation ? Why should not Lady Ohot wynd have been the victim of catalopsy ? Suppose she were, buried in n trance V 'It is not possible,' cried Tempest, in an agony. 'How can it be? Shu waa not buried for six days.' ' Thero aro well-authenticated instances where animation waB suspended for a week, or even so long as ten days, 'declared Biaset, calmly. ' But aho waa dead, I tell you,' a»id Lord Chetwynd, brokenly. ' Ah I there was no mistake in that fact, Sho died of fever con tracted in tho cottage of a poor tenant. She knew thnt she was dying. She bndo him good-bye. And when she had died her eyes became sunken, and the look that tho dead have mantled her face. Thero waa a strange blutness about the poor, pinched face — ' He broke down^aobbing. Biaset started eagerly. ' A blueness, my lord?' ho ejaculated. ' For Heaven's sake, go on. Did this blue, ness settlo most heavily under tho eyes and about the mouth?' 'Yes, yes. It changed her, giving her a ghBStlineBS that haunts me still.' Bisset communed with herself for some riiomcntH, Evidently, Ohetwynd'a words had/ produced a vivid impreaaion upon him. M last he epoko : / , 11 Mylurd, your worda butoonfirrii my /do- sire' to look within Lady Ohetwynd's anflin. There is a state of tranco characterised by the peculiar blueneas of the viBa'ge yeSu have described. I rannot toll you moroX'ct, but beforo God I swear I will lay bp(re before you, bofore I shall havo relinquished your service, a story that will thrill you with horror. 1 believe, so help nae God, that Lady Chetwynd was in a trance when she was burled.' Ohctwynd roeled, his bronzed noble face becoming ghastly white, 'Ah, what I' ho gasped. 'You belie vo that she — my wife— my little Bernicc — died there in licr coffin, while I was weeping and mourning for her here ?' ' No, , no. You do not coinprohend mo entirely. Sho was buried alive — ' Tempest echoed tho words with on an guished groan. Chetwynd put up his hands as to ward oil a blow. He could not speak, ' I repeat,' aaid Bissot, and tho flickering candle-light fell full upon his earnest face, ' that Lady Ohotwynd, in my opinion, was buried alive. I believe that, for purpoaea of greed, or otbor purposes, she was rescued from her tomb — ' ' Rescucd I' cried Chetwynd, in a quick, hollow whisper, ' Whether she arose from her coffin in her right mind or not, I cannot yet determine,' pursued liissct. ' But that sho arose from her coffin I am fully persuaded. I believe that she Uvea—' Ohotwynd retreated to the wall. Ho seemed about to faint, but his blue eyes burned with a wild and awful fire, and the ghastlincss of his face deepened. 'Shall I go on?' asked Bisset, with an anxious glance at tho marquis. ' I beliove that Lady Chetwynd lives. I believo that it was your own wife you havo seen so re peatedly, my lord. I believe that Lady Ohetwynd's spectro la Lady Ohotwynd's liv ing self 1' Tho words of Bisset, as ho thus declared his belief in the continued exiBtenco of Lady Ohotwynd, burned like coala into tho hearts of his two listeners. Both Chetwynd and Tempest atood llko atatueo, motionless, dumb, frozen in an awful horror. Tho worda of the officer aeeracd wild and heartless. Lord Ohctwynd rallied, and said : 'After what baa been aaid hero to-night— preposterous as it aeoma — I shall nover know a minute's pence,' day or night, until I havo examined my poor wifo'a coflin. I know not what to think. Of courao my wife ia dead in truth, but I cannot rest until I know that her bones lio in tho coffin iu yonder pariah vault. I muafc know this very night— within tho hour. Mr. Biaset will, I know, aeoom pany mo. Mr. Tempest, will you go, also?' Tho oxplorcr bowed nosont. Indeed, ho longed with n feverish anxiety to prove whether Bernico were dend or no. ' Wc will go now, gentlemen,' aald Bisset, promptly. ' Our roacnrcbcu hero aro ep'\ds Oomo;l'; . ? i *-'*'Vv - I ''tm n Ti1. i) t el m u oa vT7 IIo gathered tho piltien robe, all stained and frayed and yellowed and wrinkled an it waa, across his arm, and led the way from tho attics i to the lower floor. Upon tho third floor thoy halted to listen, _ 'Wo must bo on our guard,' aaid Bissot, in a whisper. ' I do not wish Mr. or Miss Monk to becomo awaro of our proceedings. It is woll to bo as secret as possible.' Tho three men moved cautiously toward the stair. As thoy halted a momont, near tho land ing, listening, Gilbert Monk's head appeared abovo tue lovel of the floor. Monlt waB struck, at tho first glanco, by tho counten ances of tho thrco men whom he thus met faca to face, and ho stood aghast at sight of tho burdon ono of tho three men boro, That burden was tho silk gown in which Berniee had ro successfully played tho part of spectro, and it was atill flung across tho arm of tho detective officer. Monk stared speechless. He comprehended tbo scene at a glance. He had not calculated thnt the robo of Bernico would be found, yet in his amazement hia desperate courage did not forBakc him. 'Ha, what havo you there?' he nBked, finding hia voice under the been scrutiny of Mr. BisBot. ' The spectre's gown, I'll risk a guinea. Havo you found tho spectre herself in propria persona ?' 'No, Gilbert,' said Lord Ohctwynd ; 'but we havo found evidenco that tho mysterious girl, whoever she may be, has inhabitated an attic in this house for days nnd weckB.' ' Indeed,' aaid Monk, coolly. ' I shouldn't have slept so sound of nights if I had sus pected that. For, to tell the truth, I fancy tho creature !b demented,' ' Wo hnvc mado other discoveries, also, Mr. Monk,' said Bisset, eying Monk sharply. ' Wc found footprints in tho dust of tho attic floors. I measured them, and havo cometoBomo valuable conclusions.' 'Such ns — ' ' I keep my conclusions to enhance tho glory of my final announcement,' declared Bisaet, with exasperating indifference. '.'jWe snail boc what we shall aee. But permit us to pass, Mr. Monk.' Monk bowed courteously, and stood aside, until tho threo gentlemen had rcnchod the floor next lower. Ho then followed them. Arrived upon the chamber floor, Lord Chetwynd took tho silken robe from Bisset and carried it into tho dressing-room Lady jOhetwynd had occupied, and loeked it iu an 'armoire. Ho returned to the hall, where Tempest and Bisset awaited him, and Mock with thom. His lordship glanced from Bisset to Monk, who saw that some further movement was on foot, and was determined to engage in it. — ( To be Continued.) 