I Roses and Diamonds. I i BY AGNES BRENT, Thov lay before her-a necklace of tz qussitely wrought gold, set with flashing diamonds, that glittered and sparkled in the light of the morning sun, like eyes of living fire, and a bouquet of rare white roses, pare and dainty, interspersed with sprays of feathery smilax-fit ornaments for a queen. Estelle Gordon raised the case which con tained the jewels, and from it drew a tiny piece of folded paper. She opened it, and read for the second time the words it con tained. As she returned the paper to the case, a flush of Iriamph stained her beautiful face, and an ezultsnt light leaped into her dark eyes. She bent her rav^n head above the flaming stones, and a smile curved the scarlet of her haughty lips as she said softly: , , ? "At last-at lastl From childhood it has been my dream. Wealth, social position -in exchange for these, surely beauty and youth Ehould be gladly given. As Roger Wolverton'a wife, I shall be forever free from poverty's galling chain; my life will be bright and beautiful as a butterfly's summer. No longer" dependent upon the bounty of others, mistress of an elegant home, first in the heart of a noble, honorable man-what mors could woman desire ?" But the smile slowly faded, and the jewel case elipred from her hand, as her eyes fell on the roses, white and fragrant, sending out their mute appeal for the donor. She raised the card attached to the bouquet, and as she read the one line written thereon, the light of triumph flsd from her eyes, and in fcteal there came an expression ol tender, wistful yearning. - "I wonder what life would be without him," she murmured, as she buried her face in the roseB, " without the sound of his voice, without the touoh of his hand. Could old Roger Wolverton and his diamonds com pensate for the IOBS ot faiB love?" Her eyes fell again on the oard. " ESTELLE :-Will you wear my roses to night, as a token that I may,some day oall vou wife ? "HASOLD LACY.' "Roses and diamonds," she murmured. " Roses and diamonds I Which shall it be?"' When Miss Gordon, accompanied by her uncle,"entered the Carrington drawing- room that evening, all eyes were turned toward the tall, graceful figure robed in gleaming white satin. Her beautiful face was aglow with smiles, her dark eyes were flashing with excitement; she had never appeared more lovely to the somewhat indistinct vision of Mr. Roger Wolverton, who now appeared be fore her, and offered his arm with an evident air of proprietorship; for around Estelle Gordon's beautiful neck was fastened a diamond necklace. With a laughing glance Bhe placed the tips of her white-gloved fingers on his ooat sleeve, and together they moved down the room, the cynosure of all eyes. From a curtained recess Harold Lacy watched them. When they were nearly op posite the spot on which hg stood, he leaned eagerly forward and scanned closely the form of the woman he loved. Hia roses were not there 1 He passed his hand across his eyes, as if something marred their Bight, and looked again. No, neither in the raven hair nor on the white breast lay the flowers he lopged to, see. Two men were standing near, and as m a dream their words reached him. . ''Our 'queen rosebud' has At laBt been plucked," said one. " What do you mean 7" queried the other, oarelesely, "Why,,my dear boy, where are your eyeB? Do you not perceive the ' this is my pro perty, I have bought and paid for it' air with which old Wolverton is regarding Miss Gordon? And surely that necklace has not escaped your observation? Pauper unoles, however fond, are not, as a rule, given to be stowing costly ornaments upon the children of their dead brothers. You may rely upon it, that necklace is not the outcome of Cap tain Gordon's generosity. Don't you think it looks like old Wolverton ?" Lacy waited to hear no more. Surely he most be dreaming. She had told him her love in all but words; the man had lied; she had forgotten his roBes; they had never reached her, perhaps. No mistake' should wreck their lives; he would allow no jealous anger to part him from the woman he adcred. With a few quick strides he reached her side, and said quietly : " Will you waltz with me?" Mr. Wolverton was not an adept in the art of dancing, as his betrothed very well knew. It was not quite the proper thing to leave his side at so early a stage of the even ing's proceedings, but involuntarily she murmured BE assent as she met the steady gaze of Lacy's eyes, and the next instant they were floating down the room together, to the strain of an enchanting waltz. It was for the last time-to-morrow she would bo bound in all honor to another; after to-night he would go out of her life forever, and henceforth their paths would diverge. Well, she would forget in time, and he Like the sharp thrust of a dagger came the thought that some day he would love again. She bad not thought before that the heart Bhe so ruthlessly cast aBide might some day be offered to another. Ah, how blessed the woman who would listen to the musio of his voice in that word " wile." But she had ohosen, and choHen well, she told herself, with a determined flash of her eyes. Sbe would abide by her choice between rosss and diamonds. The muBic ceased and they stood together near a window which opened on a verandah. Without a word he drew aside the hangings, and led out her out into the sharp, chill air of the winter night. The Btars looked down upon the snow wrapt earth, and from far away there came the clear, sweet sound of a bell." Estelle felt her heart bound violently, and a tremor o! delicious excitement thrilled her from head to foot. Would he tell her of hiB love ? Should she listen to the music of his pleadings ? There was something akin to pleading in his voice, but his face was stern and cold, as he said slowly: «' I wish to know if you received the rosea and the card attached, whioh I sent this afternoon 1" " Yes," she murmured ^faintly. His face whitened visibly as he put the next question. « Did you wear his diamonds in preference to my roees ?" " Yes," she answered again, but In so low a tone that he heard it with difficulty. For a moment neither spoke ; then Lacy offered hia arm with a frigid bow and smile. "Shallwe return to the drawing-room? The night air is exceedingly cool." " Close the bl:nd , Margaret, and then lay out my dress for ihe evening." "YeB, madam." Mrs, Wolverton's maid moved swiftly about the room until the command of her mistress had been obeyed, and then stood re spectlully awaiting further orders. " You may go now; I do not wish to be disturbed for an hour." " Yes, madam." As the door closed behind the woman, Mrs. Wolverton leaned languidly baok among the cushions of her easy chair and placed her daintily slippered feet upon the fender. The firelight fell upon the graceful figure clad in a crimson satin dreesinggown on the slender white hands decked with rare jewels, on the raven hair falling in curls and waves about her, and on her proud, dark face which had lost none of its old-time beautJj though five yeata had passed over Estelle Gordon's hend since the nigh of the Car rington'B ball. " After an engagement of three months ehe beoeme the wife of Boger Wolverton, and in a distant city, removed from all early associ ations, far from aught which could serve to recsrii she memory of ber poverty-strioken gislhood, the days passed on one mad giddy whirl of never ceasing gaiety Her marriage brought all she bad hoped ior, and every longing which bad filled her yonng heart was gratified. Queen ofthe world in which ehe moved, feted, admired, men vied with eaoh other for ber smiles, and all that wealth could purchase or position oommand was laid at her feet. Just as she began to weary of the life ehe led, when the pleasures of Booiety began to pall, when she was tired of playing with the hearts of men, she was suddenly set free. Death claimed Boger Wolverton, and as soon afterward as possible his widow Bought foreign lands. After two years of tn^el she returned to her native village, and was now, with her maid, installed in hei former home, the gneBt of her nnole, Captain Gordon. Her return was gladly bailed by the village society, of which ebe bad once been qneen. Old friendB hastened to welcome the wealthy Mrs. Wolverton, old admirers crowded in, and from theee she gathered Harold Lacy's history during the past five years. Her eyes Bparkled with pride, and her dark face flashed as she listened to the story of his ceaseless struggle with fortune during the years ehe had devoted to senselesB frivolity. Success bad crowned hiB efforts, however; the fame he had coveted, the wealth for which he had labored so faithfully had come at last, and now, as a member of the legal profession, his name rang over the 1 land. As she sat to-day before the glowing fire, her dark eyes fixed on the danoing flameB, a smile parted her lips, and the habitual expression of mockery faded from her faoe. " He is mine 1" she said Boftly. " Mine, mine I Ah, life is Btill full of promise 1 We shall meet to-night; every bitter thought will be forgotten sa the greatness of his love, and henceforth life will be heaven. I wonder if time has changed him I Thank Heaven, my beauty is undimxned by yearB 1 The woman of twenty-five is as fair as the girl of twenty, who won and oaBt aside his heart five years ago. Yes, my marriage was a success; it gave me the experience without which I could never have been content, and now fate offers the love of the man who alone can fill my heart." Three hours later, Mrs Wolverton entered the drawing room in which, years before, Estelle Gordon hBd sold hereelf for gold. Mrs. Carrington hastened forward to greet her. " You are late, my dear ; but since you bo narrowly eEoaped being a stranger, 1 Bhall pardon you. Come this way-several of my I friends are wild to meet you. I have also an extremely interesting couple to repreeent, Harold Lacy and his wife. What is it my dear Estelle, you are as white as a ghost, and ohI you have broken that beautiful fan." " It is nothing," murmured Mrs. Wolver* ton. With a mighty effort ehe steadied her voice, and said carelessly: " Is not Mr. Lacy's marriage a recent event ?" "Quite reoant and very sudden,.though not altogether unexpected. He has been be trothed for a year to Alice Lennox, whom he meft while on a visit to a neighboring town. They were married yesterday, and came directly to Harold's home in the village. Fortunately I was informed of what bad taken place in time to have them with ns thiB evening. But they ate coming thiB way now-is she not pretty ?" For a moment a sound like the surging of many waters filled Estelle Wolverton'a ears, and she was blind to all around her. Then self-poBseBsion returned, and with a Bmile and gesture that betokened a thorough woman of the world, she advanced with her hostesB to meet Harold Lacy and hia wife. There were but few in the room who were ignorant of Lacy's former devotion to the fascinating Estelle Gordon, and all eyeB were upon the trio when they met beneath i the brilliant lights of the chandelier. Mrs. Wolverton, resplendent in blaok satin, diamonds flashing on ber breast and in her hair, her queenly form drawn to its full height, gazed for a moment searohingly at the woman whom Harold Lacy oalled bis wife. She saw a tiny, childish figure arrayed in some white, clinging, silken Btuff, a pure dimpled face framed by a eoffc maes of golden curie, a pair of innocent, honest blue eyes, a small white hand on which shone a wedding ring, and oh, irony of fate J white roses and similax in the laoe at her throat. They soon moved on, and with a pang like the bitterness of death, Estelle Wolverton realised that Bhe had lost Harold forever. He loved this golden- haired wife of his, and she, the .woman whom five years before he had adored, was naught to him. She soon withdraw from the brilliant throng, and when Bhe reached her chambc*, dismissed her maid and bolted the door. Alone with her dead hopes, her ruined life, her stained soul. Alone with the torturing regret which seemed to stifle her. With her head bowed on her arms, her hands clasped, her bosom heaving with a Btorm of paBBion* ate sobs, she sat through the long hours o! the night, » My lady here alone, May think, till her heart in broken, Of the love that is dead and gone, Of the days that with no token Forevermore have flown." Harold Laoy wbb avenged, for in despair unutterable hia old love repented her ehoioe between roees and diamonds. > 