" Roses and. Diamonds. I BY AONBH DRRNT, \- They lay before ber— a neoklaco ot ex quisitely wrought gold, set with flashing diamonds, tbat guttered and sparkled In tbo light of tbe morning sun, like eyes of liviDg fire, and a bouquet of raro whits roses, pure and dstnty, interspersed with sprays of feathery emilsx— fit ornaments for a queen, Eftello Gordon raised tho caeo which con tained the jewels, and from It draw a tiny pieco of folded peprr. Bbo opened it, and read for tbo Becond timo tbo words it con tained. As sho returned tbo paper to tbo 0880,0 flush of irhmph Btained her beautiful face, and an ciuhaot light leaped into bcr dstk eye?. She bent her raven head above tbe flaming stone, ond a smito ourvod tho sosrlet of her haughty lips as eho said softly : "At last— at last! From childhood It bas been my dream. WrnUb, social position —In exchange for these, surely beauty and youth should be gladly given. As Roger Wolvetton'a wife, ! shall be forever free from poverty's galiiug chain; my lifo will be btighj rnd beautiful as a butterfly's summer, No longer dependent upon tbo bounty of others, mhtrees of en elegant bomo, first in tbe heart of a noble, honorablo'mnn— what moro ooald woman desire 1" fiat tho smilo slowly faded, and the jewol- caee elipFcd from her hand, as her eyes fell on the rosrs, whito and fragrant, Bonding out their route appeal for tho donor. Bbo rai/ed the esrd attacked tn tho hnuniirt. nnd sa she read the ono lino vrilttcn (hereon, the light of trinmph fled from her eyes, and in- tteal there oamo an expression of tender, wistful yearning. "I wonder what life would bo without him," she murmured, as sho burled ber face in Iho tore, "without tha coaod of his votoe, without tho touoh of his band. Gould old Roger Wolverton aod Ills diamonds com pensate for the loss of bis love ?" Her eyes fell again on the card. " Estellc :— Will you wear my rotes to night, as a token tb&t; 1 may some day call yoawifa? "Hlsold Lacy." "Roses and diamonds," Bbo murmured. " Roses and diamonds t Which shall it be?' When Miss Gordon, aoooropanied by bcr unole, entered tho Carrington drawing-room thai evening, all eyes were turned toward the tall, graojfal figure robed In gleaming whito satin.. Her beautiful face was aglow with imllos, ber dark eyes wcro flashing with excitomenl; sbo had never appeared moro lovely to tho somewhat indistinct virion of Mr. Roger Wolverton, wbo now appeared be fore her, and offered bis arm with an evident eir of proprietorship; for nroaml Katelle Gordon's beautiful neck was fastened a diamond necklace. With a laughing glanco oho plaeed tbo tips of her white-gloved fingers on hia coat sleeve, and together tbey moved down tho room, tbo oynosuro of ail eyes. From a ourtataed recess Harold Laoy watched tbem. When tbey were nearly op- poritothe spot on which be stood, he leaned eagerly forward and scanned closely tbe form of tbo woman ho loved. His roses wcro not thero I Ho passed his haod across his eyes, as if something ro&rrod; their sight, and looked again. No, neither in tbo raven hair nor on the whito breast lay the flowcrs.bo longed to see. Two men were standing noar, and as In a dream their words reaobed bim, " Our 1 queen rosebud ' has at last been plooked," said one. "wnatao you moan y queried tno otnor, oarolefiriy, " Why, my dear boy, wboro aro yonr eyes 7 Do yon not perceive the tbis is my pro perty, I havo bought and -paid for it' air with wbioh old Wolverton ia regarding Mies Gordon? And sorely that neoklaco. has not esoaped your observation? Pauper uncles, however fond, aro not, as a rule, given to be stowing ooatly ornaments upon tbo obildren of their dead brothers. You may roly upon it, tbat neoklaoo ia not tho ontcomo of Gap- tain Gordon's generosity. Don't you think it looks like old Wolverton ?" Lacy waited to hoar no moro. . Surely ho most bo dreaming. Sbo had told him her lovo in all bnt words ; tbo man bod lied ; ebo bad forgotten bis roses; they had never reached, her, .perhaps. No mistako should wreck tbeir lives; lio would allow no jcaloaa anger to part him from, tho woman bo adored, With a fow quiok strides bo roaohod hor sido, and eaid quietly : " Will you waltz with mo?" Mr. Wolverton was not an adept in tbo art of dancing, as bio betrothed very well know. It was not quite tho proper thing to leavo his side at so early a stage of the ovon- ing's proceedings, but' involuntarily ebo murmured an nBSontas ebo met tbo steady gazo ol Laoy's eyes, and tho next InsUnt tbey wero floating down, tbo room together, to tho strain of an enchanting waltz. It was for tho Inst time— to-morrow sbo would bo .bonnd in all honor to nnotber; alter, to-nigbt bo would -go out' of ber lifo forever, and bencoforth tbeir paths would diverge. Well, she would forget in timo, ond be— Liko tbo sharp thrust of a dogger oamo tbe 'thought that somo day ho would lovo again. Bbo had not thought beforo that the heart she so rutbloBsly oast . nsido might some day bo offered to another. Ab, bow blessed tbo woman who.woul4 listen to tbo mnsio of his 'voice; in that word "wifo,". Bnt sho had obosoo, and chosen well, sho told ho'eclf, wltb a determined flash ot ber oyes. Sho wonld abido by ber oholcc between roses and diamonds, ' Tbo musie aoaecd and thoy stood together near a windojv wbioh oponcd on a verandah. Without a word ho draw aside tho hangings, and led out iter out into tho sharp, ohUl air of the winter night. - Tbo staia looked down npon tho snow- wrapt enrtb, and from far away thero oamo tbo oloar, sweet sound of a bolt. Estollo fait bcr heart bound violently, and a tremor of dolioions excitcroeot thrilled ber from head to foot. Wonld bo tell ber of hia lovo? , Should sbo listen to tbo rouBio Of bis pleadings ? There was something akin to pleading In bis voico, but his faco was stern and aold, as 'bo said slowly ; "I wish to know if you rcocivcd tho ro&es; ana tho card nttftohod, . whioh I sent this afternoon!" "Yes," sho' murmured faintly. Ilia faoa whitened visibly as bo pat tho noxt question. "Did yon wear bis diamonds iaproferonoo to my rotes?" " Yes," sho ariaworod again, hut in so low a tone that ho heard it with difiloalty, For a momont naitber cpoko ; tbcnLnoy offered hia arm with a frigid bow- and smilo. . -"Shall wo roturn to tbo drawing-room 7 Tbo night air is exceedingly oool." "Olosotho bl'nd', Margaret, and then lay oat my drees for ho ovenlng,'." "Yes, madam.". \- Mrs. Wolverton'fl maid moved swiftly about tho room until tha'aomroaud of her mistress had been obeyed, and then stood re spectfully awaiting farthor orders.. "You may go now; I do not wish to bo disturbed for an bour." "Yes, madam." As tho door closed behind tbo woman, Mrs. Wolverton leaned languidly back among tho onshiono of hor easy obair and plaoed her daintily slippered feet upon tho fonder, Tbo firelight fell npon .tbo graceful flgurb olad in a crimson satin dressing-gown on tbo slender whito hands deoked with raro jewolo,' on tho raven hair falling In ouris and waves about her, and on her proud, dark faoa which had' lost nono of -ita old-tiujo beauty. though five years bod passed over Estollo Gordon's bead rlnce tho nigh, of the Gar- ringt'on'o ball. After an engagement of three months eho fceosmc tho wife of Roger Wolverton, and in ft distant city, removed from ell early aseoci- aticiiH, far from aught which could serve to recall iho memory of her poverty- stricken glrlbcod, the days passed on one mad giddy whirl of never ceasing gaiety Her m&rriago; brought all she bad hoped for, and every longing which bad- filled ber young heart was gratified. Queen of tho world In which eho moved, feted, admired, men vied with cnoh other for ber smiles, and all thnt ucsRh coold purchase or position, command was laid at her feet. Just ns sbo began to weary of tbo lifo she . led, when tbo pldasaras of society began to pall, when ebo was tired of playing with tho hearts of men, sbo was suddooly set free. ? Death claimed Roger Wolverton, and as soon afterward as possible his widow sought foreign lands, After two years of tnvel she retnrned to her natlvo village, and was now, with her maid, installed In her former home, ths gocet of her unote, Captain Gordon. Her return was gladly hailed by tho vlllsgo eooioty, of wbioh ebo bad onoo been queen. Old friends hastened to welcome tbo wealthy Mrs Wolverton, old admirers orowded in, and from there ebo gitbered Harold Laoy's history daring tbo past firo years. Her oyes sparkled with pride, and ber dark face flushed ns she listened to the story of his ceatelcss struggle with fortune daring tbe years sho had devoted to senseless frivolity. Sncceii had crowned bis efforts, uvmcfcc , WD IRUD UD oaa COwBvCO, BOB wealth for whioh bo had labored so faithfully bad como si last, and now, ae a member of tbo legal profession, his name rang over the land. . As sbo sab to-day beforo tbe glowing fire, ber dark eyes fixed on tbo danoing flames, a smilo parted ber lips, and the habitual expression of mockery faded from ber fseo. " Ho is mine !" ehe eaid softly. " Mine, mino! Ab, lifo Is etill fall of promise f We shall meet to-night; overy biltsr Ihoogbt will bo forgotten Iu tbo greatness of his love, and henecfcrth life will bo heaven, I wonder if time bas changed him I Thank Heaven, my beauty Is undimmed by years 1 Tbo woman of twenty-five is as fair ae the girl of twenty, wbo won sod east erido bis heart flvo years ago. Yes, my marriage was a saooess : it gave mo tho experienoo without wbleb 1 ooald never have been content, and now fate offers tbe love of the man who alone can fill my heart." Tbreo hoars later, Mrs Wolverton entered the drawing room in which, years before, Kriello Gordon bad sold herielf for gold, Mrs. Carrington hastened forward to greet bcr. " Yon are lato, my dear ; but sloes yon so ' narrowly escaped being a stranger, 1 ehall pardon you. Gorao this way— several of my xricndsarowild to meet yon. I have alio an extremely interesting oouplo to represent, Harold Laoy and bis wife. What is it my dear Estelle, you are as wbito as a ghost, aod oh I yon havo broken tbat .beaotiful . fao." , " It is nothing," murmured Mrs. Wolver ton. With a mighty effort sbo steadied her volo\ and said earoleiaiy ; " Is not Mr. Laoy's marxlogo a recent ovenl ?" "Quite rco3nt ond very Rudden, though not altogether unexpected. He has been bo. trotbed for a year to Alioo Lennox, wbom. bo met while on a visit to a neighboring town. - Tbey wcro married ycetordsy, and oamo . directly to Harold's home in tbo village. Fortunately I was informed of. what' had taken plaeo in timo to have tbom with ua ioib u vcoiDg, uoi iney axe coming ton way now— is sho not pretty ?" For a moment a sound like tbo surging ol . many waters filled Estello Wolverton's ears, . aod sbo was blind to all aronnd her.' Then self-possession retnrned, and with a smile - and gesture that betokened a thorough woman of tbo world, ebo advanced with - hor hostess to meet Harold Laoy and hie wifo. There woro bnt few in tbe room who were ignorant ol Laoy's former devotion to the . faeolnatlng Estollo Gordon, and all eyes wero npon tho trio when they met beneath tho brillinnt lights of the ohandelior. Mrs. Wolverton, resplendent in blaok BBtin, diamonds flashing on ber breast and in ber hair, berqaeonly form drawn to its.-, foil height, gazed for a momont eoarobingly ; at tbo woman whom Harold Looy oalled bis , wife, ' . ' Sbo saw a tiny, childish figure arrayed in somo whito, dinging,. silken stuff, a purs dimplodfaco framed by a eoft mass ofgolden v ourle, a pair of innocent, honest bluo oyes, a . email white hand on wbiob ebons a wedding ring, and oh, irony of fate 1 white rosos and - eimilax In the laoo at her throat. Tbey soon moved on, and with a pang liko tbo bittorncBs of death, Eatolle Wolverton realised tbat sbo bad lost Harold forever. Ho lovod this golden-hdired wifo of his, and eho, iho woman wbom five years before he ? ! bad adored, was nangbt to him. . Sbo. -soon withdraw from tho; brilliant . throng, and whon sbo reaobed ber ohambcv, ' ' dismissed her maid and bolted the, door. Alono with her deed hopes, her ruined life, ber stainod soul. Alone with tbo torturing regret wbiob seemed to atifio ber. With hor . bead bowod on bor arms, hor hands clasped,' - her bosom heaving with a storm of passion- ' - ato sobs, Bbo sat through tho loog hours of ; thenlght, " My lady beroalone, 1 /. Mcy think, tlU her heart Is broken, . ' Of tho lovo that is dead and gone, " ; Of tbo days that with no token1 'Forovormoro havo flown,". Harold Laoy was avenged, for In deapair nnutterabio bis old love repented , ber oboio'a - botween rosea and diamonds,. . 