TALL PART III. CHAPTER XIV. EXIT PHILIP FORSYTH : ENTER SAM SWYNFORD. 4 The sooner we leave Venice the better,' said Mrs. Milbanke to her devoted and genial partner. 4 Whether Mr. Forsyth remains or not is of no moment to us : we have done with Philip Forsyth for ever, and I think we are well out of him.' 41 suppose so,' said Walter, lighting a cigar, and looking contemplatively across the lagoon. 4 I'm not sure, my dear.' 4 I think I am.' 4 It is all very sudden and very different from what we arranged.' 4 It is,' said Jenny, taking a seat by his side and casting her eyes in the same direction, but speaking as if she were addressing an imaginary Walter some- where in the neighbourhood of the Lido. They were sitting in the open balcony under a pleasant awning, the sun dancing npon the water beneath them. A few decorated boats and gondolas were lazily passing to and fro, and there was a great air of calm and repose in the atmosphere, which was in pleasant contrast with the recent bustle and excitement of the Royal fêtes. The King and Queen had left amidst salvoes of artillery and braying of trumpets, and whether the Countess Stravensky had followed in their wake or preceded them, was an open question upon which Walter could not satisfy his enquiring spouse. The mysterious dis- appearance of General Petronovitch was the talk of Venice, and it was half hinted on all hands that he had gone away to keep Borne mysterious rendezvous with the Countess. His wife, the Princess Radna, still remained in Venice, but the courteous manager of the hotel had informed Mrs. Miibanke that her Highness had given instructions to her people for their return to Paris on the morrow. Walter and Jenny had discussed these incidents of fact and gossip over break- fast, but without being moved by them very much either one way or the other, their immediate interest in life at the moment hoing concentrated upon Dolly and Sam S wy nf ord. Walter was enjoying his after-breakfast cigar, and endeavouring to lay out his plans for the remainder of their Italian trip. 4 You see,' he continued, still looking across the lagoon and toying to blow a cloud of smoke after" his1 thoughts, 41 had made my arrangements for a stay of at least a month here in Venice ; and indeed have taken these rooms for that time.' 41 know,' said Jenny, 4 but Dolly's plans were of a much more serious character than that. She had settled, not for a month, but for life.' ' And her scheme still holds good,' said Walter, smiling, . only that she has changed her travelling companion.' 4 Well, and so have we,' said Jenny, endeavouring to drop into Walter's semi philosophic vein ; * only that our trip is a summer holiday.' ' You think she loves Swynford?' * I'm sure she does,' said Jenny, * and has loved him all the time, even when she accepted Mr. Philip Forsyth.' : 4 Then why did she accept him ?' asked Walter. * Now, my dear,' said Jenny, with the faintest suspicion of irritability, * don't let us go over that again. I am quite willing to assume my share of the blame of it, all the blame, if necessary ; but I thought we had concluded our little controversy on that point last night. I'm sure I never slept a wink, what with your reiteration, of the salient points, as you called them, and my thinking of them over and over again, afterwards. For heaven's sake let us say no more about responsibilities. Blame me, if you like, entirely.' * My dear,' said Walter, taking her hand affectionately, still gazing across the lagoon, * we are both to blame.' 4 Very well, then,' replied Jenny, 4 there is an end of it. We have done the right thing at last.' * You really think so ? ' said Walter. * I am sure so,' she replied. * Mr. Philip Forsyth thought more of his art than of Dolly, and finally more of that intriguing Countess than of either his art or Dolly.' * Has the Countess really left Venice ? ' asked Walter. * No doubt of it,' Jenny replied ; 4 and Philip has not been seen in this hotel for the last two days.' ' You know that his luggage is still here,' said Walter. * Part of it;-part of it,' said Jenny, with some irritation. * It seems he took away his large portmanteau, and I am quite sure the porter has some secret under- standing about forwarding the rest after him,' * It is all very strangé,' said Walter. * If he had said "good-bye"-left a note sent a telegram-done anything that we might have acted upon, our position would have been so much more satisfactory. * His conduct,' said Jenny, * is all the more scandalous. It is evident to me that there was a rivalry between this wretched General Petronovitch and Philip, a rivalry which we shall hear more of. The Princess Badna, I am told, intends to obtain a divorce ; she will lay her case before the Czar himself.' 4 .Does it strike you at all,' asked Walter, for the first time turning towards his wife and neglecting his cigar, 4 that this General Petronovitch may have met with foul play?' 4 No ; why should it ? This is not ancient Venice. What foul play could possibly happen to him, except the foul play that is evidently part of his character -the foul play of a reprobate ?' 4 And Philip ?' continued Walter, inter- rogatively ; 4 you* are quite satisfied in your own mind that he is under nc restraint ; that he left us voluntarily,- anc is away for his own wicked purposes?' * I only know,' Jenny replied ; 4 that his conduct at the Countess' reception wai .shameful; that his manner towards th« hostess was that of a weak fool under tin fascinations of a designing woman ; thai his withdrawal from our society the nex day, and his appearance with the Countes Stravénsky in her ostentatious gondola, ar« a sufficient justification of what we have thought desirable in the interest of Dolly.' 4 But you didn't see him, my dear, in the gondola.' * Beppo did,' she replied, 4 and Beppo saw the boat turn into the little canal, which has a side entrance into the palace where she gave her very mixed and Bohemian reception.' * You thought differently of the re- ception, my dear, when she invited us, and were tremendously impressed with it until-' ' Philip made a fool of himself,' ex- claimed Jenny, interrupting her argu- mentative lord ; 4 and why you will go on repeating all this, and come back to it as if we were discussing it now for the first time, and had not sat up half the night similarly engaged, I cannot, for the life of me, understand. Philip deserted us, and practically threw over Dolly ; we shall not admit this outside our own little family circle, but that is the fact. Dolly was shamefully jilted. We only say that, I repeat, to ourselves. Sam S wy nf ord comes upon the scene ; proposes for Dolly, as he had intended to do some weeks ago ; is accepted ; Dolly is happy ; S wy nf ord is a good fellow, and he is happy ; and what in heaven is the matter with you, Walter?' * How came S wy nf ord here at all ? It is that which puzzles me,' said Walter. 4 If you had been perfectly frank with me, I don't suppose we should have had these discussions. You are keeping something back.' Again he turned his face interrogatively upon Jenny. She pressed his hand and rose to her feet. * You are always in such a hurry, Walter. I should have told you all in good time ; and I am sure you will forgive me now if you compel me to confess before I meant to. The telegram I sent to my dressmaker was not to my dressmaker at all ; it was a private message to Sam Swynford, inspired thereto by our con- versation at Lady Forsyth's, and suggested to him that he should come to Venice.' ' 4 I thought so,' said Walter. 4 If you thought so* why didn't you say so; it would have spared us so much irritation.' 41 am not irritated,' said Walter, 4 and you know I would spare your feelings in every possible way ; your subterfuge about the dressmaker was unworthy ; and it was unkind also to keep me in the dark.' 41 feel it was, dear I know it waa. I confess it. I apologise ; my only excuse is that Dolly was with us when I told the little fib about the message ; I could not, of course, take her into my confidence ; as for you, dear, I humbly ask your forgive- ness.' She flung her arms round her lawful critic, deposited her head upon his shoulder, and Walter gave her what he considered to be a triumphant kiss. 4 Now then,' he said cheerfully,4 that's all right. I forgive you ; we understand each other. I have no doubt you did the right thing ; I have no doubt Dolly has done the right thing ; I am sure Sam Swynford has ; and I am quite sure that Philip Forsyth has behaved shamefully.' * Walter, you are a darling ! ' exclaimed his wife, returning his kiss. ' And now, what are your plans ? ' 4 To get out of Venice at once, as you proposed,' said Walter ; and, as he said so, they both, by a mutual impulse left the balcony as if to pack ; but they were both attracted by the entrance of the manager of the hotel. 4 A letter,' he said, 'very urgent, for Mr. Milbanke.' Walter opened it. It was from Philip Forsyth-only a few lines : 4 Forgive me. Accept my abject regrets and apologies. Dolly will easily forgive me. I am utterly unworthy of her and of your friendship. Tell her so. We shall probably never meet again. I have left Venice on a long journey. My conduct on the night of the Countess Stravensky's reception may explain my change of plans and life. I feel it due to you to say this. No one need be alarmed as to my safety. I have written to my mother. If ever you and yours think of me again, remember me when most I seemed entitled to your respect and esteem. PHILIP FOIISYTH.' 4 Thank you,' said Walter, turning to the manager. 4 There is no answer.' 4 The messenger did not wait,' said the manager. 4 You have instructions to forward on the remainder of Mr. Forsyth's baggage?' * Yes sir ; it goes to Paris.' 41 am sorry,' said Walter, 4 to tell you that this has broken up our little party. We shall leave to-morrow for the lakes and Switzerland ; but we are very much indebted to you for your kindness and attention. We shall pay for our rooms until the end of the term for which I engaged them, and we shall hope to return next spring for a long stay in Venice. Any loss that you may have sustained by our monopoly of the hotel during the fêtes I shall discharge with pleasure.' 4 Monsieur is most generous,' said the manager. * I hold myself at your com- mand.' With which the courteous host withdrew, and Walter and his wife returned to the subject in hand. 4 That letter, my dear,' said Jenny, 4 is our justification.' * Yes,' said Walter, 4 it relieves my mind very considerabty. I should have felt troubled about leaving Venice without having something definite from Forsyth. Now all we have to do is to try and forget the disagreeable part of our journey, to look upon what has happened as all for the best, and continue our holiday in a Cheerful spirit.' * We never, my dear Walter, were more unanimous upon any subject. Where do you propose to go ?' 41 think we might spend a few days at Verona, a week or two at Belaggio, and then travel quietly through Switzerland, and home by Paris.' 4 Delightful,' said Jenny, as Dolly and Sam Swynford entered the room. * Don't you think so ?' she said, addressing Dolly and her new fiancée. 4 The morning,' said Doily, 4 or what ? Venice is certainly lovely. Sam has given me an ice at Florian's, and I have been feeding the pigeons.' 4 For sixty seconds,' said Sam cheerily, * I was afraid the pigeons were going to feed on Dolly. She was literally in a cloud of feathers. I had positively to rescue her.' 4 Not the first rescue,' said Dolly, with a frank, affectionate expression in her danc- ing eyes that comprehended the whole group. 4 Your sister,' said Sam, 4 is a trifle mysterious or mischievous-^-don't know which ; both, perhaps. She has been saying that all the way here, and yet I'm sure the ice was harmless enough. If it had been punch a la Romaine--well, there, I'll say no more about it, except between our four selves, that this is the happiest moment of my life.' * There'.' said Dolly, « and you've said that before.' i And on many occasions,' said Jenny, merrily. 4 Walter always says it when he makes a speech.' < Come to think of it,' said Sam, 4 you are possibly right. Don't remember that I ever made more than two or three speeches in my life, and I believe I have always rung in that convenient expression. But I hope that doesn't take away from its point to-day. If I had wings like those pigeons, I think I should just soar right up into that blue sky and come tumbling down again in very fun, just as one of the fluffiest of them did after he made the acquaintance of Dolly.' 41 daresay,' said Walter. 4 Have a cigar ?' 'I'll have anything you like, my dear bby.' ' Dolly,' said Walter, as she stood there beaming upon him, 4 sit down, and don't look so miserable. If you have any little purchases to make, take a little rest and go out and make them ; we leave Venice to-morrow.' 4 Leave Venice ! ' exclaimed Swynford, looking at Dolly. 4 Leave Venice ! ' said Dolly, looking at Jenny. 4 We are tired of Venice,' said Jenny. 1 But we are not going home ; don't be afraid. What do yon say to the Lake of Como, Sam?' 4 The Lake of Como,' replied Swynford, . where the marble pa- lace lifts its something to eternal summer and blushes forth in the midst of roses, or what is it ? I'm not good at poetical quotation.' 4 Quite good enough,' said Walter. 4 That's the place.' . * And a little cottage in a shabby village when we get there ? ' said Swynford. 4 By no means,' said Walter. 4 It was so in the play, you know,' said Swynford, turning to Dolly. 4 This is not a play,' rejoined Walter, 4 and we don't want any of your comedy dialogue, Sam ; only a little of your common sense.' 4 All right,' said Sam. 4 Proceed : all my com- mon sense is at your disposal. Not got much of it, but such as it is and all I have pray command me.' 4 Do you propose to give us the pleasure of your company ? ' asked Walter. 41 propose to give myself the pleasure of your company.' 4 For how long ? ' asked Walter. 4 Until you're tired of me 5 and as re- gards Dolly, even a little longer.' * You talked this morning of sending to London for some luggage.' 11 have sent for my Sunday clothes,' aaid Sam, laughing. ' To this address ? ' 'To the Hotel Milano.' ' Do you think they are on their way by this?' ' I hope so.' * Very well, then j you can give in- structions at the Hotel Milano to have them sent on to the Hotel Belaggio.' ' Consider it done, my dear Walter,' said Sam. ' I am going up to the station now,' said Walter, ' to arrange for a saloon carriage to Verona.' 4 Will Dolly come,' said Swynford, ' and Mrs. Milbanke ? ' * They had better rest a little,' said Walter. « We will come back, and I propose that later we spend an hour in St. Mark's. There are some little things Jenny would like to buy, and then we will go over to the Lido and dine.' ' You had better place yourself en- tirely in Walter's hands,' said Jenny tc Sam. ' Most happy,' said Sam. ' Walter, giv( the word j I am with you.' ; j BY ORDER OF THE CZAR (Continued from page 27). Driving through the pleasant streets, and saluted here and there by the music ol! evidently social evenings which gave occasional light and merriment to sundry houses en route, they presently came to a quieter part of Verona, lighted only by the great white moon. They approached the pleasant corner selected for Juliet's apocryphal tomb through an old-fashioned garden, with patches of green turf and blooming gilliflowers, rows of peas in blossom that rivalled the white Marguerite daisies in the moonlight, and a rich per- fume from beans in flower, and the scent of many herbs. It was a mixed garden of the English kind, that seemed uncon- sciously to lend itself to the Juliet illusion of the English poet. Even Walter was subdued by its unostentatious beaut}, and the little party followed the old lady who opened the garden gate upon the narrow way that led to the great stone coffin, which, as a matter of sentiment and imagination, the world is willing to accept as a relic of the Shaksperean story. It was somewhat out of keeping with the romance of the scene to find the great stone sarcophagus half-full of visiting cards, the prosaic character of which was not quite redeemed by the one or two faded wreaths that hung about the tomb. 13 ut it was all, nevertheless^ very lovely and impressive in the moonlight, and without; the presence of other sightseers j and the Milbankes, with their newly engaged companions, drove to their hotel, being generally more or less under the impression that they possessed a far higher and poetic appreciation of the beautiful than any of them imagined. That same silvery moon, however which seemed to look down with especial approval upon Verona-cast only fitful and furtive beams upon a weird ghost- like figure that appeared to a party of Venetian fishermen sailing their picturesque vessel through the water-gateway of the Adriatic into the shimmering lagoons of the City-in-the-Sea. (To be continued.) 