firt iMttaa fpttev, PUBLISHED DAXLY. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1890. through all its stages in the Legislative Council yesterday, and the miners of the Jforth can now work on the field safe from any chance of a Chinese invasion. A great deal of capital has been made out of the Coolie, but the working and trading classes hare more cause to fear Chinese than Coolie com-' ^petition. It is also gratifying to observe that the Triennial Parliaments Bill has passed through the Upper House, and will become law in due course. This was.a much needed reform, and ehould greatly assist in enabling the electors to. select fit men to represent them. Mr. HOOLAX, the newly-elected member for j Burke, has signalled his advent to the House by making a most uncalled-for attack on the Police Magistrate at ^Cooktown, and Mr. TOZEK can be con gratulated for having "severely casti gated" the junior member for Burke, for making such unwarranted assertions.. It is to be hoped that the lesson will not be lost, and that the junior member ifor Burke will endeavor to behave like a gentleman in the House. ? Mr. MACKOSSAJT has given notice Aia* he will, on Friday, move " that, in the opinion of this House, Territorial Separation is advisable and in the best interests of the whole colony." We anticipate that the debate on this im portant subject will be protracted, bat jfcrust that the motion will be resolved in the affirmative. If eloquence and earnestness deserve success it should' be achieved on this motion. With such able advocates as Messrs, MACROSSAK, »PHCLP5 LISSNEK, GOWLET, and a host of others, the Separation cause should be endorsed by Parliament, and that such dMTevent will take place is the eamest wish of every person who has the fane interests of the North at heart. 14" " Appears from the speech of the leader of \- the Opposition, Mr. DONALDSOK, that very little opposition will be offered to the Treasurer's proposals, though he' pointed obt some glaring' defects in' them. He.stated that -the Govern ment had not given any reason for the imposition of a dividend tax. The reason is because they bave none ~ to gire. In the opinion of «very right thinking man in thecommmiifcy ifc is a most scandalous_ proposal. The dis tricts which will be most affected jby this dividendtax are those that have ^sfclways supported S. W. GKIFFUTH, and returned his satellites to power. For instance, there is Charters Towers, wbichbas returned supporters of SIR SAM fOT-lsver a jdozen iyears ; then ire find; Gympie, which has always re turned his supporters; then we have : centres^ ^whmh will be the heaviest : ^losere Jj^z-fliis.-tax. SIB SAHIJEI, has always been considered ungrateful I even to 'those who espoused Mb cause, and evidently there me reason to consider him ae such; Ihe miners ot the North sod Souths® now awarfe of his true nature, and we trust they will election and say " pass" to any candi date branded S.W.G. It is to be hoped that such determined opposition "will be offered to this proposal that the Gov ernment will see fit to withdraw it. In order io strengthen the of Ihe members opposed to the scheme, ire would suggest that public meetings be held in all the mining centres cf the colony, protesting against the imposi tion of this dividend fay - Hiring is already suffiaently hampered, ami it cannot bear any additional burden. A general election is imminent; both Mr. Donaldsov and Mr. POWERS sug gest the advisableness sf such a step in order that the people of the colony may Have an opportunity of expressing an opinion to the -Coalition Ministry and on the Treasurer's proposals. Sir S. W. GRIFFITH'S statement that by the new Bill the local authorities would have the power to tax people up to -Is. 6J. in the JE should be received with joy by tiie ratepayers. Mr. DOKALD sox's proposal of a property tax or a land tax is the only alternative left for raising revenue. By all means let us have a general election, and give the constituencies an opportunity of decid ing which policy they approve of. A FJum of 99 toas of stone from Pentland yielded about 140oe of gold. ST ABLET the cddiated obstetri cian wi 1 retain from Banosmod to-day and' may be consulted ibr four days at Mac's Hotel. [Adtt]. WE understand that the Grace Darling crushing, now going liinmgh, is looking better than any preTiousIy crushed. It will probably go in ounce to the ton. WE would again remind our readers that St. Paul's Church of F.ngland annual tea meeting and concert will take place in the School of Aits to-morrow night. Tin will be on the table at 6J3Q o'clock, and the conceit com mences at 8 sharp. THE Btoike, as far as Cookfcown is concerned, is virtually at an end. Our telegrams to-day state that the President of the Wharfers* Union has resigned his position, and is now working at the municipal baths wi'h a non unionist. It is probable that many others will fdlotrliH example. News is scarce, txade in all ite Ihmh*- is dack, and money is almost an unknown qoan tiy. We wonld reiLind our subscribers in arrears that a sabstentialsmn is requited ereiy week to pay wages, gas, paper, telegram* nf incidental expenses, so they take the Unit and stamp up. Accounts for thecanentknd previous quartera not already paid will be de li rered during the week «nd subscriber? will oblige by paying them. WE remind our readers that to-night the postponed ghost cuiiinl will be IipW, and for the benefit of those who would wish for t closer inspection of " humanity under a pillow case," special chairs will be reserved on the floor of iiiehalL All who intend to become mode b£ doping themeelveein their garments. Wx mdcBbaddK crashing of tiie Saudi nsvian *b going throngh at the iSonnie Dundee Mill, and is looking well. We may expect, that mining matto! in this locality will ImI op ?gain. Shunee hare Seen very low bat are againindemand at 9d to lOd, vitb an upward tendency. At Hie Victoria £ast Extended^ things are looting favourably. The daft is , now down abort 118ft. below the lend, from which they bbb jinking a winze, in which they arc meeting some sblendid stone- ' GBSIX things are an&iipafcd; frqro Hie Sew Iron Duke shortly. Qlty ace nwmAiagat the 540ft levdi on flie same sort of stone as thatatpreflentbejng ndbed so successfully by Millet and party, They expect to cat throng "the boundary line this week, and then tiuloprer level will be preceded with. As the ihMt of iitbne lions woriedby Millet and pat^isihp )rog fast into the Duke gronnd, then' willbe ag6od blade «f«tonefo beworfced oat between thesetwo levels. Theknowing ones ace bay- ; ing ^lai^ parcels of aarip, in anticipation of the boom. WE were yesterday shown a magnificent | specimen -of brown stone by Ifr. Fred Sparre, which he obtained from hu claim, at Brooks' Camp, near Bifihton, Ihe Qtidea Star; he also had about Sew 15dwt of nuggety gold, Which was obtained from the same claim. The main shaftiB down between and SOftek fan which a drive vras pot in, aid the stone shown us was taken bom t ttope over this drive. There are from 16 to 18 tons of good stone up, whidi -931- be brought into HiUrhnabcr for croehing; indtbf hnealnat 30 toneaijib. 2 eliaft, which would scarcely pay fier carting each a long distant**, The reef Mahout 2ft thick, batpatchy. Xhe laat craAmg went 3|oz per ton, bat it'is antinipwted that the presentlot will nosh better. Smuiift toMr.C. E.Bmm'a actum in selling Megaphone, " So fio," mtheTbwoBville hvlletim, remarks :-"I think the late owner of Megaphone jacted viaJy in parting with his colt for 3j000BOV8. latte fiotgdie^tteic ka great ride attaching to baying high-priced horses which may not retain their form witness Tradition and Titan ; and fthen again Megaphone^ is not engaged in either of the big Caps, Derbies, Ledgers, or Champion. Carbine seeniBabout his masteraft weight forage, and in fntoiv handicaps the great eon of Kewbold will have more than his share to cany. Under tfi» wwniiifauiw^ thergfonp, ultlumpli I believe himtobethefcest three year old ever bred in Queensland, and one of the best, if not the beat, early, three-vear-oIds that ever ran in Aus tralia, I think his owner was wise to idl him. Mr. Wallace being very wealthy, and haying regaid to Megaphone's opposition to Oa^bw> I think was right to boy lum. How the colt has changed hands we vrfll eeeffim all»ia"v«ay best." , Asaik a crowded lH>-*«e greeted the rise of the cnrtiun/when Mr. Kennedy as Was nerigndy anaonnoed, his Brora." He very clearly give . brief and concise sfcefch of die life of Bane, the " Ayresbue Hoogh man," and Scotland's immortal fcud, ixsin*^ with bis birth and his ednnm, btrt pnU pally dealing with that jwu-t ofliis life giren-to love-making, when he composed Bodi nenaju "ftmnie Highland Max; " Mid " To my ICuy in Hearen," and it is needless fa m- that 3b. ;Kennedy ididfull jnstite toihoeebifllitle He cracked eomegroesome jokes, and epnn some good yarns of Scotchmen who wece too apt to get "foo." His - rendering . of tile :** Land of tie leal" was heavenly itself, bat "Scots wha ha'e" brought doira the liouae. We cannot say his selections of BunB1 songs were ihe best, considering the musical guts he had to jcboosefrom and the aongB song last night did not gire hie Toice proper scope, with few exceptions. To-night Mr. £etuiedjr will farewell entertainment, in whichlw will be assisted by some of the heat local amateuip- Bie pnntauw will be i muliin of Irish,' IScotch, «3 English songB,and will wind up wiUi a dance. Mr. Kennedy wiljl dm "The death-of Kelson" and "The Mipiiiri Hoy". and w <lim «l oateSiine all " ?- -VrJ' Sjeim, at " ' ' - - and alaoac-1 