LITERATURE. Is Genius Related to Mad ness? Heine, the German poet, once observed that genius may bo likened to tho glittor ing pearl in the oystor— ' a splendid disease. ? Seneca, much to the same effect,_says that in every great genius there is a mixture of insanity. ' However this may be, the fact remains that the majority of tho most highly pftod and tho specially talented have not only boon more remarkablo in thoir whims and eccentricitiesthanthnmrnrnun of mankind ; but in too many instances have thoir luminous intellects been ulti matoly clouded by madness. Tho connection between poetry and in sanity has often been of an intimato kind. Tasso, the Italian poet, the Camoens, the Portuguese, both died mad. Burns suf fered ' from delirium ; and it has been said that Shelley could not have biion pronounced entirely sane. Cowpor was subjectto lunacy, and poor Collins ig said to have run through tho aisles of Chichostor Cathedral ' a howl irig madman.' Chdtterton, the marvol lous boy- poet, committed suicide in a fit of mental derangement at the early ago of 17 ; arid even Pope suffered as a hypochondriac. The charge of insanity was brought against Sophocles, the eroat Greek poet, though his works were produced as an evidence of soundness of mind. Byron once remarked of himself, ' I see_ myself terminating my days like Swift, a grinning idiot,' and he actually enumerated several . of his maternal relatives who had died by their own hands. Lee, the dramatist, while an inmate of Bedlam', probably with a view to proving that he was and proper person to belong to such an institution, wrote a tragedy in no fewer than 25 aots ! Enusseau was, like lamb, subject to fits of lunacy;, and Cervantes himsolf became more mad than bis own lmrn Tirm Quixote. It has even been snid by Father Prbufc that the great Newton was mad when ho commented on the Itevela tiou. Baron Napier, the inventor of logarithms, which have since probably contributed to send others crazy,* himself became ultimately xnad also. ' _ Southey outlived his intellectual facul tiea, u.3 mu ttiao Xfcau OWlIb, Wno, prOD ably in'antieip'ati6n of approaching mad ness, devoted his last remaining sanity to the founding of an asylum for idiots. Even among the highly talented who have not exhibited traits of positive in sanity, their peculiar whims nnd crnzos have been sufficiently pronounced to mark them as greatly different to ordinary mor tals. These Jcrazes and idiosyncracies in great men have often taken very queer forms. ; ... The'famous.iir Watts, who was physi cally but a very little man, indulged in the extraordinary notion just bofore he died that his swelling proportions were becoming a matter of inconvenience to him, and that there was not a door in his house which was sufficiently large to allow him to pass through without squeez ing. _ ' ' An illusion of a still more wonderful nature was entertained by Dr. Simon Browne, a preacher and controversialist of some note in his' own day, who for long held the belief that he ? had annihilated in him the thinking substanee,' and that he was utterly' 'dives tod of consciousness. He- was perpetually haunted by this curious illusion, even while furnishing the com-nlotosf; rftfnf.nftnn nfif. in fli& nnf.'rr» vigor of his niund, and by writing most able tracts' and producing most laborious compilations. Thomas Gainsborough, the painter, seems to have been haunted by a rather grim delusion for some years before his death, and was under the impression that he had not long to live. On one occasion he took Sheridan by tho hand, and exacted from him a solemn promise that he would attend his funeral ; on tho required pro mise being given, he immediately became a's jovial as ever. But one of;the n:Oit remarkablo in stances of genius being united to queer idiosyncracy was that of William Bluke. He not only believed, that he had lived before, but his'mjnd was one mass of weird and ourious fancies. Ho believed that he could, by any effort of 'the will, summon into his presence those who had been dead tliosusands of years ; and he would pro duce most striding portraits from these imaginary sitters. Among other carious productions from u's pencil was the magnified ghost of a flea, which he averred had appeared to him in a vision. On one occasion, this extraordinary man positively declared that he had witnessed a fairy's funeral in his garden, and he described the dead fairy; being laid on a single rose- leaf, and buried amid swebt songs from the tiny followers. Mozart, the great composer, habitually exhibited eccentricities which in any lesser ^mortal without his wonderful genius would have caused him to bo re garded as a fit candidate for an asylum. It is inore than probable that his famous j-vcijuibiu wuuiu uoror nave oeen pro1 cured but for the morbid fancy which possessed him that the mysterious patron who ordered it. was an emissary from the other world. Men of genius and talent have often shown an inconsistency whioh may be described as little short of insanity. Tho poet Dante was a wanderer from wife and children, yefpassod tho whole of a reckless life in morbidly brooding over and nursing his dream of idle love. In tho same manner, Petrarch, who would not suffer his only daughter te live with him, spent 32 years on his monoma'niacal passion for La'ura, ? who was already a wife and tho mother of several children, ? and who, moreover, treated his insane love with proper dis dain. ??'' ?'?' ...i: i. *i. W ? nnii i mm ~n~ -«r ini www— — — ? ? ? ? i ? » ? bmiii Ldiuronco,Stpqriio'lias lie'eif'rbprohblied | for prof erting'sto;' whinb over, a dead ass' — to~ relic-ring the -wants of - a-distresscd ' mother .OiMLifidrifi the VTtaliani poet,V, com-, posed a sonnet to;hjs mothe/, full of love; ? and tendernoss,-yet. tie passed for years. ': within a fen- milesp,frhor xesidenceiWiili-i out going ,tb ijco hor.,,;;'v'|.r'|.j;'., ,,'.-?!.,.-. ' ? 