THE ROTJT OF THE WHITE HUSSARS. By ItUDYARD KIPLING. (FltOH 44 DtAXN TALKS VKOM THE ihlis.") Somo people hold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. This is & mistake. I havo ecoii four hundred and thirty-sovrm sabres flying over tho faco of tho country in abject icrior— navo soon mo oost regiment tnnt over drew bcidlo wiped off tho Army List for tho space of two hours. If you repeat this talo t'. tho White Ilussara they will in ail probability I treat you sovorelv. Thoy aro not proud of tho ii cid Bt rYou may know the White Hu6?ars by their 4 sido," which is greater than all tho cavalry on tbo roster. If this is not a sufficient mark, vou may know them by their old brandy. It litis boon sixty years iu tho moss nnd is worth going for to tasto. Ask for tho 44 M'Gairo" old brandy, and seo that you got it. If tho roefcs sergeant tluuks that you aro uneducated, and that tho genuine article will ho lost on you, ho will treat you accordingly. Ho is a good man. But when you are at incss, you must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-dir.tanco rides. Tlio mess arc very sensi tive ; and if thoy think you aro laughing at them, will tell you so. As tho Whito Hussars say, it was the colonel's fault. Ho was anew man, aud ho ought uevor to havo taken tho command. IIo suid that tho regiment was not smart enough. This to tho Whito Hussars, who knew that thoy could walk round aire ITorsc and through any guns, and ovor any Foot on tho face of tlio earth ! That insult was tho first cause of offeuco. Then tho colonel cast the drum-horso — the drnm-horso of tho White Hassars ! Perhaps you do not seo what an uuspcakahlo crime ho bad committed. I will try to make it cloar. Tho soul of tho regiment lives in tho drum- horso who carries tho silver kettle-drums. Ilo is nearly always a big piebald Water. That is a point of houotir ; and a regiment will spend any tiling you please on a piebald. Ho is beyoml tho ordinary laws of casting. His work is'very light, and ho only njaiianivrcs at a footpace. Wherefore, so long us ho can step out and look haiuleome, his wellboing is assured. Ho knows moro about tho regiment than tho adjutant, and could not mako a mistakoif ho tried. Tbo drum-liorso of tbo Whito Hussars was ouly eighteen years old, and porfcctly equal to his duties. Ho Imd at least six years moro work in him, and carried himself with all thopoinpuud dignity of a drum-major of tho Guards. Tho regiment had paid l,2U0rs. for hiin. But tho colouel said that ho must go, and be was cost in duo form and replaced by a washy, bay boast, as ugly as a mule, with a owe- neck, rat-tail, and cow-hocks. Tho drummer detested tbnt animal, and tho best of tho band-horses put back their cars and showed the whites of their eyes at tho very sight of hiiu. They know him forati upstart uud no gentleman. I fancy that tho colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to tbo band, nnd that ho wanted to make it tako part iu tlio regular parado move ments. A cavalry baud is a sacred thing. It only turns out for commanding officete' parades, nnd tho bandmaster is ouo degrco more im portant than tho colonel. Ho is a high priest, and tho 44 Keel Row" is his holy . son-;. Tho " Keel Row" is tho cavalry trot ; and tlio roan who lias never heard that tunc rising, high and shrill, abovo tho rattle of tbo regi ment going past tho saluting-baso, has some thing yot to hear and understand. When tho colonol cast the drum- horso of tbo White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny, Tho officers wero angry, tho regiment wero furious, nnd tho bandsmen swore— liko troopers. Tho Drum-IIorso was going to be put up to auction — public auction— to bo bought perhaps by Parses uud put into a cart ! It was worso than exposing the iuuer lifo of tho regiment to tho whole world, or selling tho mess plato to a Jew— a black Jew. Tito colonel was a moan man and a bully. He know wlmt tho regiment thought about his action ; and when tho troopers offered to buy tho drum-horso, ho said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by tho regula tions. But one of tho Bubalterns — IIogan-Ynlo, an Irishman — bought tbo drum-horso for lUOrs. at tho sulo ; aud tho colonol was wroth. Yale professed repentance — he was unnaturally sub missive—and said that, as ho had ouly mado tho purchase to savo the horso from possible ill-treatment and starvation, ho wouid now shoot him nnd end the business. This appeared to sootho tho colonel, for be wanted tho drum- horse disposed of. Ho felt that ho had made a raihtako, und could not of courso acknowledgo it. Meantime, tho presence of the drum-horse wus an nunoyaiico to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, thrco cheroots, and his friend Martvn ; and thoy all left tlio ruess together. Vale uml Mnrtyn conferred for two hours in Yale's quarters ; but only tbo bull-terrier who keeps watcli over Yale's boot-trees knows what they said. A horse, hooded and sheeted to his cars, loftYalo's stables, aud was taken, very un willingly, into tbo Civil Lines. Yule's groom went with him. Two men broko into the regimental theatre und took several paiutpots uud soma large scenery brushes. Then night fell over the Cantonments, and (hero was a noiso as of a horse kicking his loose-box to pieces in Yale's stables. Yalo hud a big, old, white Water trap-horso. Tho next day was a Thursday, and tlio men, hcariiigtiiut Yale was going to shoot tho drum- horse in thu evening, determined to giro tho beast a regular regimental funeral— a finer one than thev would lmvo given tho colonel had he died just thcu. They got u bullock-cart and somo saeking, and mounds and moutuls of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried out to tho placo whero tho anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of tho regiment follow ing There was uo band, but they all sang "The Place whoro tho old Horso 'Died," as something respectful nnd appropriate to tho occasion. When tho corpse was dumped into tho gravo and ttio men begau throwing down anut'ula of roses to cover it, tho farrier- sergeant ripped out an oath, and said uloud, 44 Why, it ain't tho drum-horso any more than it's ino 1" Tho troop sergeant-majors asked him whether ho hud left his head in the cun- teen. Tho farrior-j-crgoant said that ho know tho drum-horse's foot as well as ho know his own ; but ho was silenced when ha saw tho regimcutal nuiul>cr burnt in on tho poor stiff up- turned near-fore. Thus was tho drum-horso of tbo Whito Hussars buried : tho farricr-scrgcaut grum bling. Tho sacking tlmt covered tho corpso was smeared in places with bliick paint ; and tbo farrier-sergeant drew attention to this fact. But tho troop sergeant-major of E. Troop kicked him severely on tho shin, and told him hat ho was undoubtedly drunk. On the Monday following tho burial, tbo colonel Bought rovengo on the Whito Hussars. Unfortunately, being at that time temporarily in command of tho station, ho ordered a brigade field-day. lie said thut ho wished to mako tho regiment 44 swoat for their d d iiiFolenco," and ho carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of tho hardest days in the memory of tho Whito Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, ami pushed forward, ami withdrawn, and dismounted, nnd 41 scientifically handled" iu every possible fashion over dusty country, till thoy BWeoted profusely. Their only amusement enmo teto in the day when they fell upon tho battery of Horso Artillery and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, aud most of tho troopers had money on tho ovent ; tho gunners saving openly that they hud the legs of tho White Hussars. They were wrong. A march- past concluded tho campaign, and when thu regiment got back to their lines, tho men were coated with dirt, from siuirtsebin-etri.D. Tho Whito Hussars have one great anu paculiar privilege. They own it at Toutenoy, i think. Jinny regiments possess special rights such ns wearing collars witu undress uniform, or a bow of ribbon between the shoulders, or red nnd white roses in their hclmots on certain days of tho year. .Soruo rights nro connected with regi mental saints, nnd somo with regimental suc cesses. AU aro valued highly; but none ko highly ns tho right of tho Wluto Husvirs to havo tho band playing when thoir horses nro being watered in the lines. Only ono tunc is played, nnd that tunc never varies. I don't1 know its real name, but tho White Hussars call it, 44 Tako mo to London Again." It sounds very pretty, Tho rogimeut would sooner bo struck off tlio roster than l'orego their distinc tion. After tho 44 dismiss" was sounded, tho offi cers rodo off homo to prepare for stables ; and thu men filed into the liucs riding easy. That is to say, they opened thoir tight buttons, shifted thoir helmets, and bugan to joko or to swear ns tho humour took them ; tho moro careful slip ping off and casing girths and curbs, A good trooper values his mount exactly as much ns ho values himself, and belioves, or should bollovo, that tho two togothcr nro irresistible wlicro women or men, girls or pmiH, ar concerned. Then tho ordorty-ofllcer givo tho ovuer, 44 Water horses," uud tho regiment loafed off to tho squadron-troughs which were in rear of tho stables and between these aud tlio barracks. Thoro woro four liugli troughs, ono for each squadron, .arranged en echelon, so that tho wl.alo regiment could water in tcu minutes if it liked But it lingered for sovontecn, as a rule, whilo tho baud plnycd. Tho baud struck up as tho squadrons filed off to tho troughs, and tho men slipped their foot outof tho stirrups aud chaffed each other. The sun was jusL setting in n big, hotbed of red cloud, and tbo road to tho civil lines seemed to run straight into the sun's eyo. There was a littlo dot ou tho road. It grow nnd grew till it showed as a horso, with u sort ot gridiron- thing ou his back. Tho red clourt glared through tho bars of tho gridiron. Somo of tho troopers shaded thoir eyes with thoir hands and said, 44 What tho mischiof 'as that tluro'or3o got on 'ira ?" Iu another minute they heard a neigh that every soul— horso nnd man — in tho regiment knew, aud saw, heading straight towards tho band, tho dead drum-horso of tho Whito Hussars ! On his witheis banged and bumped tho kottle-drums draped iu crape, und on hisbaci, vory stiff ami soldierly, sat a bareheaded 8kcluton. Tho band stopped playing, and, for a moment, thoro was a hush. Then some ono in E Troop— men said it wns tho troop- Borgoaut-innjor— swung his horso round and yolled. No ono can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it seems that, at least, ono mau in each troop set an ox ample of panic, nnd tho rust followed liko sheep. Tho horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered : but ns soon as tho band broko, which it did when tho ghost of the drum-horso was about a furlong uistnut, all hooves followed suit, and tho clatter of tho stampode— quito different from tho orderly throb and roar of i movomcnt on parado, or tlio rough hovre-play of watering in camp— mado them only more terrified. Thoy felt thut tho men on their backs were afraid of something. When horses onco know that, all is oyer except tho butchery. Troop after troop turned from tho troughs and ran— anywhere and everywhere— likospiit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses were iu all stages of easiness, and tho carbine-buckets flopping ngnmsi meir siues urgca tncir Dorses on. Men wero shoutiug and cursing, and trying to pull clear of tho baud which was being chased by tho drum-horso whoso ridor Imd fallen forward and seemed to bo spurring for a wager. Tbo colonol had gono over to tlio mess for a drink. Most of thoofficors wero with liim, and tho subaltern of tho day was preparing to go down to tho lines, and receive tho watering re ports of tho troon-sergeant-majors. Wlion "Tako me to London Again" stopped, after twenty bars, ovory one iu tho moss said, 41 What on earth has happened?" A minuto later, they heard uumilitaiT noises, and ?aw, far across tho plain, tho White Hussars scat tered, aud broken, und flying. Tho colonel was speechless with rage, for ho thought tlmt tho regiment had rieou against him or was unanimously drunk. Tho band, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its heels laboured tbo drum-horse— tbe dead and buried drum- horse— with tho joltiug, clattering skeleton. Hognn-Ynlo whispered softly to Mnrtyn— 44 No wire will stand that treatment," and tho band, which had doubled like a bare, camo back again. But tho rest of tho rogimont was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had Bhut in aud each man was bowl ing to his neighbour that the drum-horso was on his flank. Troop-horses nro far too tondorly treated as a rulo. They can, on emergencies, do a great deal, oven with seventeen stono on their backs. As tho troopers fouud out. How long this panic lasted I cannot say. I beliavctlmt when tho inoon ro.so the men saw thoy had nothing to fear, and, by twos and throes and half-troops, crept back into canton ments very much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, Uio drum-horso, disgusted at his treatment by old friends, pulled up, wheeled round, and trotted up to the mess veraudah- stcps for bread. No ouo liked to ruu ; but no ouo cared to go forward till the colonel mado a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's ioot. The baud had halted some distance away, and now camo back slowly. The colonel called it, individually and collectively, overy evil oamo that occurred to him at the timo ; for ho had set his hand on the bosom of tho drum-horse and found flesh and blood. Thou ho beat tho kettle-drums with his clenched fist, and dis covered that they wero but made of silvered pupur and bamboo. Next, still swearing, he tried to drag tbo skeleton out of tbo saddle, but found that it had been wired into tho cautlc. The sight of tbo colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis aud bis kneo iu tho old drum-horse's stomach, was striking, not to say amusing. Ho worried tho thiug off in a minuto or two, und threw it down on tho ground, say ing to tho baud— 44 Hero, you curs, that's what you're airuiu ot." llio skeleton did not lock pretty in tho twilight. The band-Bergeant scorned to recogniso it, for he begau to chuckle and choko. " Shall I tako it away, sir V" said tbobaiuWergoftnt. "Yes," said tho colonel, 44 take it to noil, und ride there yourselves!" The baiul-sergeaut saluted, hoisted the skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to tho stables. Then thu colonel began to make inquiries for llic rest of the regiment, uml tho language ho used was wonderful, lie would disband tbo regiment — he would court-martial every soul in it— lie would not command such a 6et of rabble, and so on, and so on. As tho men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until ut last it exceeded thu utmost limits of free speech allowed cveu to a colouel of horso. Martyn took IIogan-Yalo aside sad sug gested compulsory retirement from the s 'rvicj as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn wns the weaker man of thu two. Hogau-Yale Eut up his nyebrows and remarked, firstly, that o was tho son of a lord, and, secondly, that ho was as innocent as tbo bubo unborn of tbo theatrical resurrection ot tho drum-horsc. 44 My instructions," said Yale, with u singu larly swcot smile, 44 wore that tho drum-horso should bo sent back as imnrcsxively as possible. I ask you, am I responsible if a imilc-heuded friend sends him back in such a manner as to disturb tlio peace of mind of a regiment of Her Majesty's cavalry ?" Martyn said, 44 You area great man, nnd will in tituu bccomo a general; but I'd give my clmnco of a troop to bo safe out of this affair." Providence saved Martyn and Hogim-Yule. Tho second in comroaud led tho colonel away to tho littlo curtained alcove wherein tho subal terns of tho Whito Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and theic, after many oaths on tho colonel's part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that tho sccoud in command must havo represented tho scare as the work of somo trooucr whom it would bo hopeless to detect; nnd I know that ho dwelt upon the sin and tlio shame of makinga public laughing-stock of tho scare. "Thoy will call ns," said tho scoond in command, who hnd really a fine imagination — " they will callus tho Fly-by-Nigbts;' they will call us tho 4 Ghost Hunters;' they will nicknnmo us from one cud of tho ariuy'list to tho other. All tho explanation in tho world won't mako outsiders understand that the offi cers were away when the panic begau. For tho honour of tho regiment aud for vour own nkc keep this thing quiet." Tho colonol was so exhausted with anger .that soothing him down was not so difficult as might be imagined. He was mado to see, gcutly and by degrees, that it was obviously impossible to court-martial thu wholo tegimeut and equally impossiblo to proceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, bad any concern in tbo lioiix. "But the beatt's nlivc ! II Vs never been shot at all "' shouted tho colonel. 44 It's flat flagrant disobedicnco ! I' vo known a man broko for toss— damn sight less. They're mock ing mo, I tell you, Mutraan ! They're mock ing mo ! Onco more, the second iu command sot him self to sootho the colonel, and wrestled with him for lmlf an hour. At tho end of thattimo, the regimcutal sergeant-major reported him self. Tho situation was rather novel to hira ; but he was not a man to bo put out bv circum stances. Ho saluted and said, 44 Regiment all como back, sir." Then to propitiate tho colonel— 44 An' nouo of tho torses any tho worse, Bir." Tlio colonol only snorted nnd answered — 44 You'd better tuck tho moil into thoir cots, then, and seo that the don't wako up and cry in tho night." Tho sergeant withdrew. Ilis littlo stroke of humour pleased tho colonol, nnd, further, ho felt slightly ashamed of tho language ho hud been using. Tho sccoud iu command worried him uguin, and the two sat talking fur into tho night. Next day but ono, there wns a commanding officer's parade, ami tho colonel harangued thu AVhito Hussars vigorously. Tho pith of his speech was that, sinco the'drum- horso in his old ago had proved himself capable of cutting up tho wholo regiment, ho should return to his post of prido at tho h#ud of the band, but thu regiment woro a sot of ruffians with bad con- SC10UCC3. Tho Whito Hussars shouted, nnd throw everything movable about thom into tho air, aud when tho parado was over, they cheered tho colonel till tuoy couldu't speak. No chcors were put uj) for Lieutenant Hogan- Yale, who smiled vory sweetly iu tho back- ground. Said thu second in command to tho colonel, unofficially — "Theso littlo things ensure popularity, and do not tbo least affect discipline." " But I went back on my word," said tbo colonel. 44 Nevermind," said tbo second in command. 44 Tho Wbito Hussars will follow you anywhere from to-day. Roimcuts aro justliko womeu. They will do anything for trinkotry." A week later, Hogan- Yalo received an extra ordinary letter from somo ono who signed him self 44 Secretary, Charity and Zeal, JI70J), E.C.," and asked for 44 tho return of our skeleton which wo hnvc reason to behovo Is in your pos session." 44 Who tho dotico is this lunatic who trades in hones ?" said Hogan-Yaln. " Beg your pardon, sir," said tho baud- sergeant, 44 but tho skeleton is with nio, an' I'll return it if you'll pay tbo carriage into tbo civil lines. There's a coffin with it, sir." IIogan-Yalo smiled and handed two rupees to thobund-sorgcant, saying, 44 Writo tho dato on tno SKtiu, mil you If yon doubt this story, nnd know whero to J "o, you can seu the date on tho skeleton. But I don't moution tho matter to tho Whito | Hussars. I happen to know something about it, be cause I prepared tho drym- horso for his resur rection. IIo aid not tako kindly to tbo skeleton at ail. 