PDQILIBTIC PLEA3&NTEY.; a COtlEDY IS HIRE &OtB.; . Dtatlight v. FitzBtm-nonsi ? ? (Bt 'Emileb.') I bo eoono cpena at Foloy a. A hushed and awo-DBpitinfr eiloEoa that could ba folt with ytnr boots off pervaded tho wholo building, brolion only by tho gohtlo rippling of tobaooo juice ognicst tho gums of tbo elite in tho gallory. Now and again a mufflod oath oropt Btcnttnlly tnrdugn tho Bmouo'onoiroloa atmoa phero liko a damiol of sovonteon keoping nor first appointment at tho gardon gato. It waa a tonobing eight, and as I gazed around mo my thoughts woro foroed b.aok to tho swoot long Dgo. I was a boy again, in fanoy's mjatio epell, and tho votoo of my mother eoftly sighing ' Aogelia voioes call mo homo, And hoavou'a bright gatoa appoar !' socmed to como bnok to mo, and brought toars to my beor-bloared ojoa. Tho burly form of Tom Taylor tiokling himso'.f to koop uwulio added to tho poetio beauty of tho amrtutdiDgs. Fat Kioly'a long, Blender ouo giacoful figure, sprawled over about a quattor-ofaL-uoro of spaoe, lent an additional onurm to tho sccno. Larry Foloy, arrayod in a o!oan ehavo and a now bat, trod softly from corner to ootnor like a Grook god on a resar roolion journey. Miobael Dooloy, ongagod io his naual paBtimo of borrowing a plug of tobacco from bia noaroat noighbor, waa a Btudy in water-oolors, as tho gas light oaBt a halo around Mb six-foot frarao, bull neok and noso built in proportion. Griffo, like a spirit of mieohief from tho realms of the Prince of Evil, flitted from spot to spot oom posing poetry and ohowing gluo. Suddonly a blast of heavenly musia out its way through tho ranks of tho hoodlums at tho door and mixed itself np with tho audionoo generally, and an tho third bar of ' Homo, Snoot Horns' melted away into spnoo, Starlight, the black boxer whoso smile resembles a schoolboy's first bite out of a ripe watermelon, bounded into the ring with an air of lordly defiance glaring from his ears. At first I thought Starlight was only a common Zulu, but before the third round I knew he must have been a chief. There was noble birth and rank in every speaking lineament. I could see it —aye, 1 could smell his rank strongly as the fight wore on. But I anticipate. Whilst the Zulu ecowlod into epaco aa though ho Baiv the ghost of Peter Jaokaon beokoaing him on to viotory, Fitz-immono, tbo white man wriggled hia athletic figuro through tho ropes. Fttzy is a man who was built by his parents for the purpoao of get tiog through tho world in a hurry, 1 bavo beard that ho dooa most of his training gliding up and down a wator- spout, and I boliovo it, for bo's aliDpery enough to -;lido anywhere. Lauronoe Foley, iu honor of hie new Bbavo, waa ohoaon r3feroo, and Mr Gowland timo- koopcr, and the men stopped forth to fight to a finiah or until oao got hit, n-hioh was all the same under tho oiraam ttuncos. As they faood for Round 1.— The darkio looked aorioae, Fitzy amiled occoutagingly, and Starlight grinned from oar to yooder in Bjmpathy. Filzy led short with hie left, tho nigger dancing to the nor'-eaat cornet:, executing an Irish ]ig as he wont. Fitzy tried to look oross, and went after him, feinted with his left, and gotting on an armful steam swung his right lite a boy throwing a sphnapper-line. Starlight dueked with tho rapidity and graoo of a hearaohorse shying at a weotold oorpao. Fi.zy tumbled over the ropes. Ecusd 2. — Fitzy worked hia right ahoulder like a Bide of rtu.ton in the mouth of a rat tonierj Starlight oaporod round line a blow fly locking for a core spot on a gallf d donkey Tben the pair feinted at tho eamo time, and did a go-as-you-please oaoh aftor hia ovn abadow, tho Bpeotators bogging tham not to get too far away from eaoh other for tho feir of gotting lost. Starlight pretended to got the needle end went for gore, and got gruel a? Fitzy tried to stab over bis snoaldor with a red hot left, but tho 'nig' daoked hU thioli lips fair isto it as he oame, and sat down look ing like a blaok boil on a white baokground, Bound 3.— Fitzy wont right along to m\ko tho pace, and the 'nig' did an even-time sprint from oorner to oorner, finishing np a quick epin on his off ear nnder the ropse. When he got on to the two planka which, in nis case, oo duty Tor ieec, ne m*ae a snorting sort of noise, swung his dreadful right, and got it beautifully ronnd Fitzy'a neok. He repeated this mascouvro over and over again with the nneiring prooision of a blind boy looking for bananas in a pioklo-bottle. Round i —Starlight did a Zalu wardanoe and then mixod it with a Scotch reel. Fitzjr, not to be wiped out by tho nigger, wobbled ronnd tho ring, doing a Maori marriage jig, Tho thing pot quite exciting, and tho andieaoe wero shocked to see a young man full off a chair in tho ball. Ho was picked up by some fiiende, who thought he had a fit, but it was iuuuu iuau uo rtuo uuijr uaiuo);, . Round 5 — All this ronnd fierce fightinu was tho order ot the day, and once Fitzy nearly hit tho niggor. who looked np and mado a month, aa mnoh os to say tbut that sort of thing waa not in the agreement. Then Stir light tcok a deal, and, Bailing in, claapei his foe round the legs and tried to rock htm to sleep like a mother doing tho lullaby act with twina. After a desperate ouddle, in which both displayed some excellent soisnoe, Star light went down and put hia thumb in hia mouth to prevent himeelf from orying. Round C— Fitzy rnehed aud_ lot go hia right. The nig tied himsolf up in a knot and refused to be comforted. A wail of sympathy from tho crowd, however, put him on bia foot again, and onoe more tha dreadful oirnago went on. Fitzy poked starlight ia the loner regions and laughed, tho darkie alippt'd down and ttied to mako out be wah hurt, but Griffo told a funny tale oloae to his ear aid made him laugh, so that ho was once moro enabled to renew the historic combat. Tho nig. stamped tho floor with his foot, and einitcd an odour that nearly drove evoryons from tbo riDg side, and no wonder Fitz wanted to spar at long range. I have been taking Bnuff ever since, and now my nostrils foel as if I had been interviewing a oorpio dragsod from the bottom of tho river Yarra. Round 7.— This waa something to bo ro momberod when youth bas fled and grand ociildren climb on our kneea. Fitzy hit the dark clond in the ribs, and he squealed and fell snortiuf? to the door. Getting* up once more he omitted some moro Chiueao otter of roois, which would sell well .in a bottle, and curhed at bia enemy ; missed a right-hand eiug, and Ehot olean over the ropea on hi? wcoily bead. Fitz seizod him by tha feot and dregRed him into tbo ring, and a funny ecrirsmege took plaoo in the corner.- Fitz tried an upper-cut and threw a baok eomersault instead, and Starlight, frightened out of his sense' by the aorobatio exhibition, wanted to go home to the girl of bis bosom. Eound 8— Confiidoring the fieroo n»turo of tho preceding rounds this one was a bit tame, and Starlight still kept displaying a tendenoy to go borne and turn the manglo. -.--. Ronnd 9, and laBt.— More quit on tho part of tho nig, Fitzy trying to look iieroo, but looking very fnnny. Tho white feather w&s; Btioking ont all over Starlight. Heaps oE antios on both eidoB, but no fight, whilst tho band played tbe introduction to that inspiriting pifce, 'The Kilkenny Cata,' tho niggor oatb°red bis kneea together, olosed hia eyes, opeLod bis aawmill of a mouth, and wont out. . It was a pugilistio poom whioh only wanted' setting to slow mueia to be porfeat, ' A few moro like it and tho blaok fUg will wayoovor tbo sport of boxing in this oity. With tho proceeds of that gory struggle Starlight ought to buy himsolf a mangle or a sewing machine. Anything of a healthy nature will suit him better than fighting, if his performsnoo on Satnrday night is any oritorion of hia real powers as apngihat. As for Fitziimmona. he is simply a fool to throw away hia reputation aa he has been doing lately, and unless he ia desirons of being known aa champion faker of Australasia bo had better fight square and olf an, ob I know ho oan if on the job. I toil ? both tho boys this, as I wish them well. 