I / gqg£& /. ' i a oobbhstOhpbst writes the editor, bo be tells the Doctor; >re the Roma street water' trough. Tbk complaint is that that water , trough— perhBpB tho principal water trough in the oity - has no water in it.. How, then, can it be a water trongh ? It . must he an air trcngh. Tbb young man who attempted- to rob a. hank in Melbourne some time ago is now- sorry that he did not proceed in a constitutional woy. , ' He must have known that to try and hypno tiee a banker with a revolver is like peddling one's autobiography, a dangerous game. Hx has been- sentenced to 14 yean' imprison. - ment, and dnring that time he will hav« ample- leisure to reflect on th6 difficulty of robbing a. bank, except in the good old way. The good old way aforesaid is to become one. cfthe trusted officers of the instituiion, and. 1 hen skip suddenly for England or America. with the assets. Tubes are many curious inscriptions to he- 'ound on a olose "examination of some of the School of Arts books. On the flyleaf of one of them, written in a. lady's hand is the following : " God made man. upright, but he — — Hsnx there was a break, as if. the lady had. thought better of it, and wasn't going to run down mankind after all. Bur the strain was taken up in a bold mascu line band, and the following was added by some- gentleman, "might have remained so, bat He- created woman, and she " The man who sees nothing bat a newspaper in a train when a lady wants a seat has tried, the dodge of sleeping in ohuroh when the col lection box comes round. 'Jkat rBfcal who tried to entrap a young girl . up north is to have six mouths' reflection in prison. Aktoxz can see how it happened. This, patriotio man said, "The capitalists of this- country are going to he hanged. "BoaiEBODTinustdo it ; and why should not an honest man be about when the appointment, is made f" Last night there waa a storm of wiod. Dr. Points bad retired, leaving open his domestic, casements. Mbs. Points had just finished a now edition of the works of the famous Mrs. Margaret- Caudle. And he had yielded himself to a pleasant- dream about tho silence of the place of rest. When that wind storm burst over his- dwelling there were accidents ; bat it is an ill wind that blows nowhere. It was a cool thing. AI. ee Blowitz, tho. London Times corre spondent in Paris, has been recently in London, making arrangements for the publication of aa exhaustive work on life in the French oapital. Ho has decided to call it "Paria-Vivant," and. hopes to issue it iu the coming spring. But then Blowitz is such a Blnwitz that his book will bo only a sort of hurricane. London shipowners think it best to engage at . the ships and not at the offices the men they require. It is said that there is in Adelaide a tendency to settle tho strike without reference to out siders. Tins is rather selfish. Why si culd Adelaide be in such a hurry ? In Sydney they are going to appeal to the general publio for funds. But why, if union . lunds are so well replenished,? The non-union men have oollared ths colliery- at Mount Kembla. It is a lonely hut beautiful spot ; and it . would take a power of union piokeu to reocvec- possession. ( That mine has had an eventful history ; the - shareholders would he glad to see dividends. She was a hussy. When asked "Why did you marry a man who Is 80 years of age?" She said, " Because I couldn't mid one equally riohwho was 00." When a man seeks1 a wife does h'a look fee- beauty or cleverness ? '' Weiv either of . these .will' go a long way If ." tho elever or beautiful girl, has alittle silver. If she has not, a fellow is . likely to oaloulata . a good doal— on nothing. ,ti >. They have again lighted 'a fire in 'Smith - field. That is' tho. jplnoe where1 they used. to: burn persons for believing or not belioving this or that. 1 ' Wondeb how many persona ' would burn, nowadays for their faith. Eh ? ' The Mertie England is rather a merry ship - at'sea, rather more so than are her. passengers. Poets are born— and that'swhat'a the matter,, and the rogue said that In nino osicS.out or ton ' the world would he a 'great' deal .better off, if'- tbeyweren't. . John Seeesiko ia sid to-day. Heagrbcd. to hew coal ; and then he would not hew ooaL' This has cost him £10 and"ru6re; 'aud hetiba'> Jaek's sadness. But if howillndthowho'must- whew. ' ' 1 The saddest feature of this sad strike husinoes- is that it haa disclosed the existence of so many unemployed men. Tmi adtiiiiericordiatiiapposl .of Australian, exhausted unionism to the- British unions for a. loan will show tho folks at home who' con tributed the £37,000 for the dockers' strike. It certainly could not havo been contributed , by men who are sc quiohly hard up by a strike- of their own. Isitnot time for another "tall talk" mani-. festo to appear. Dr. Points' jocose suggestion that the bio graphies of some of the labour leaders might ho> ' an acquisition to tho now edition of "Men of- the Time" exoited some wrath in theoirole in cluded within the snggestion. Pbobably the indignant virtuosos who grew white with rage at tne suggestion did not know- so muoh shout the antecedents of some of their oo-worksrs as the Dootor knows. A little light is being .thrown on the- ' darkened pages of some of those biographies.. Thero may be more revelations yet. Men who aro eager to defame others shouldi'. he euro that 'their own glass house isbotht-,, Secure and olean. The Marine Board will have their hands very full if the present week's record of " grounded . vessels " becomo on average. The list of rivor pilots must require eorutiny, and greater caro should surely be exercised in. . the examination of wheel ohains. 1 The Blaok Adder had a narrow escape at:, the termination of hot long voyage.- " BimnExv Swamp Bridge affairs oamo up hgais . at Coorparoo Shire Counoil the other 'bight.' That bridge is one of the verdant and vita , municipal topios. It is a sort of divisional board ghost, with a', painful amount of what ia very material. The youths who persisted in their indisoriml- nato pluudite at Boggo road Hall last. night, weio pairfully conspionous. Pociibly they derived muoh satisfaction at their success in inducing mast of the performers . to respond to encores. Train behaviour during tho porformare could not'' by anything shoft ot a stretah' of imagination be regarded as evidenoe of respect ability. , ' As the law of Aberdeen required it, a cab- driver, was prosecuted, conriotsd, end fined Eg.,. ' . or three- days',. jmprisonm< nt, for smoking a jiip'e.on hts; oah, not while driving a fare but;--. , .. . while he was standing on the lookout for one. 'By the' municipal laws and regulations oc ; -Aberdten, the smoking of a pipe by a cab; driver iB a criminsioflenao. it,1'' ; Tins is .just beoauso they are so mighty par- tjouler, about health regulations. They(a'mosb. j hatopoison. . . , , . 1 , , . . ' i The daihagel dene by the Taiyuan yesterday-1 <1 jhbt rLows wbat might happen if'b 'war jonk-v-q wtro- similarly ta, plunge about in the Brisbane- : 1. Biter. ... ' —i -.fit ot j if , -it! 