M8SI€ BMM&. The Hazon Orchestral Concerts. Signor Hazon, in his programme for the third orchestral concert, on Saturday last, included a work which, on many grounds, is entitled to serious consideration. The production of the 'Lenore' symphony at once , gave to Raff, in England, equal association with Wagner and Brahms as the three greatest of living German composers. The composer of 'Lohengrin,' 'Tannhauser,' 'Meistersinger,' 'The 'Ring of the Nibelungen,' 'Tristan und Isolde,' and 'Parsifal' has in these works proved lus immense superiority to all living musicians as a dramatic composer. Brahms in his Requiem and Triumphlied attests equal merit in another school, Mid also by his quartets in chamber music ; and Raff, while familiar with every style of composition, shows himself in the highest class of instru mental music superior to his contemporaries, and, since the time of Schumann, unquestionably the greatest symphonic writer, and at the present day unapproached and absolute, Raff was born at Lac-hen, in Switzerland, of German parents ; in 1S22 had a sound education, and was compelled through want of means to become a; schoolmaster. At 21 years of age he had, through many difficul ties, . persevered and accomplished so much in music that he ventured to send some of his com positions to Mendelssohn, whp warmly recom mended them to Breitkoff and Hartel, the well known .LeipBic publishers. Thenceforth he de voted hiihself to music only, suffering privations that would have daunted many a brave spirit. Mendelssohn's death in 1847 deprived him of one great friend. Liszt was muck interested in him ; _von Bulow accepted the dedication of, and fre quently played, his pianoforte concerto, and while excelling as pianist, violinist, and teacher of 'music, he poured forth compositions various in style and differing in merit, but always rich in idea. Not until 1899 was there much silver lining seen to his clouded life. From date he devoted himself chiefly to composition, producing his first symphony, ' Andas Yaterland,' in 1863, for which out' of 32 compositions he gained the prize offered by the Society of Musical Friends in Vienna. The second and third followed in 1869, the fourth inl87l, and 'Lenore ' in 1872.. Afr^r that £e wrote six other symphonies, and has left behind him two operas,* four overtures, three suites for orchestra, one for piano and orchestra, two concertos, and one suite for violin and orchestra, one concerto for violoncello and orchestra, ten string quartets and much chamber music of every kind, . vocal music (6acred and secular), five suites, two sonatas, and more than a hundred pieces for the pianoforte. Raff also transcribed for pirn 9 Bach'jS jdg vigUnggngjp and his orchestral suites, and arranged for or chestra the ' Chaconne' of the same master. Raff died in 1882. His ' Lenore' symphony is, as the name implies, associated with Burger's ballad of the maiden Lenore, who refused to be comforted for the loss of her lover in the wars, and by her persistence (according to the legend) summoned him from the other world and was carried off by a spectre bridegroom. It is the same story which Doorak selected for ' The Spectre's Bride,' and displays in a consummate degree the inventive and con structive genius of Raff. In the first two move ments he represents the happiness of Wilhelm and Lenore in their great affection, closing the second with a note of warning as the hour for parting approaches. There is . in the opening a joyous exhuberance; in the second movement a delicious calm, in which melodies of passionate, fervid devotion are breathed from flute and violin in the very ecstasy of de lighted affection and perfect harmony. Then Wilhelm is called to join the army of Frederick the Great. The victory is won, and the soldiers return, but Lenore's lover is missing, and with the martial music there is the knell of her happiness. The last movement, one of the most graphic and marvellous love pictures which has been pro duced, opens with the summons of the impatient horseman, who at dead of night calls upon Lenore to mount behind him and ride a hundred leagues to her lover. There is in the polonaise of Chopin (A flat) a fine bass figure representing the pranc ing horses in the stately procession. But this becomes trivial beside that continuous, ghostly motion — the galloping ride with the affrighted maid which Raff has depicted. All the beauties of the preceding movements are represented in new forms — their brightness gone, anxiety and anguish in their stead ; the wind instruments in dire contrast to the strings ; the solemn basses, the agony of the flute, the angry dignity of the trombone and the wailing horn, are intermingled with the wildest effect ; and as the grave is reached and the horseman in grim ghost fashion is revealed, the horse vanishing in flame, a climax is reached which defies description in words, and must be heard to be realised in the full force of its majestic weirdness. The lovers are, however, reunited in death. The lovely hymn of the spirits is heard, first from the strings, then taken up by the wind, and accompanied by the strings, and again re peated in a grand burst of harmony by the full orchestra, and the close is full of peace and beauty. This great symphony has now been twice heard in Sydney, once during the Mel bourne carnival of November last, in the Darling hurst Hall, and on Saturday night. We wish very much that during the present series it could be heard once more ; for no composition more vividly pourtrays the subject selected, aud none more emphatically and admirably attests the power of orchestral music to delineate the changing passions of the human heart or to ex press the deepest emotion. The interpretation was in the highest degree artistic and enjoyable ; the greater the familiarity, the keener the plea sure afforded by the performance of such a work, and the musical community is deeply indebted to Signor Hazon aud the orchestra for the treat given. The overture to 'Prometheus' (Beethoven) was the first number ; it has been played before in Sydney ; also the funeral march for Ophelia from ' Ham let,' an opera by Signor Faccio, and by him presented to Signer Hazon. This opera has already been heard ; it, however, gains by a second hearing, and may justly be accepted as a lament for one too early summoned from earth ; whilst in the clang of brass, as the close approaches, we get a foreshadowing of the strife between the Prince and Laertes. The grand and popular march from ' Tannhauser,' the gavotte from ' Mignon,' charmingly played and encored ; the air de ballet from Schubert's ' Rosamunde,' and the ' Danse Macabre ' (Saint- Saens) made up the programme. Saint-Saen's weird '?* Dance of Death ' was heard for the first time by the orchestra, though the pianoforte transcription has been used by several pianists since its introduction by M. Sauret and Herr Benno Scherek in 1879. The execution of each number was in the highest degree creditable to the orchestra and the conductor, to whom the . players manifest the w armest alle giance. Special mention must he made of Mr. Rivers Allpress, the group of accomplished first violins, and of Mr. John Lemmone, the talented flautist. The trombones and celli .were also grandly prominent in the Raff Symphony and other compositions. The audience, which was very largely increased in numbers, frequently manifested warm approval ; and the success of the series numerically and financially, is now assured. 