%ultB> ti WHEN WE WERE BOYS. JO JOHK DILLON-^-IN MEMORY OF ANXIOUS YEJJ.ES AND GX-OEIOO8 HOPES. CHAPTER VI.—(Continued.) BR WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. ALL this passes, with more or less variation, in London houses every night from January July, and is as commonplace as swallow-tailed' coats. What is not so nsaal is thsit two uninvited strangers should burst their. way into the hall and throttle a sewing-man. This was what tfas just happening when Miss Westropp and , the ypjxng (guardsman, after leaving the tea-room,! which was on the ground-flboy, we? upstairs. There vpas, aiji agitated little gron(> of hired footmen, tb^e whs some noise and plungifigl tyiere was the sound of a heavy bodjjfaTling on the floor, apd then appe are d a ffcfMfeus.-ioolph jj creatur like a an oteigidva will-dog, with hairy cap on his head, holding down one of .the hired foot-men by the throat, while a tossed and wild-looking youth stood at bay in the midst of them.. , 'Harry !• The'wprd came from Miss Westropp's lipB almost in a scream. The servants instantly fell back. 4 Fes, it's I, Mabel, said the' young fellow, shaking his mane, of dishevelled hair. 'These fellows wanted to put me out.' Miss Westropp, looking very white, waved the servants off. Young Neville looked on, his blue eyes distended, but unconsciously took a step backwards. The two strangers stood .for a mojhent alone in the centre of the group, ;,He who was called Harry was dressed in slovenly grey tweed. His collar, wqs torn, and his hat had fallen off. JThere was, therefore, full opportunity of seeing what a mass,of hay-coloured hair he had, wildly thrown back from a narrow, forehead; what a blaze there was in his eye; and how rigid his features were, and how white with passion. .His companion was the most extraordinary being that Neville had ever laid his eyes upon. He was a man, and not a bull-dog,, EB it first appeared. He was a short man, with an enormous head like a cannonball beaten out of all shape on an anvil; he wore a spotted blue handkerchief knotted round his thick neck in a noose that suggested recent cutting down from a gallows before the choking was quite complete; his great chest and rounded shoulders were of enormous width and thickness, which diminishes rapidly in the lower, part of the body until the bowed legs shrank away into almost nothing in the closelybuttoned corduroy gaiters which compressed his shins. He possessed a pair of eyes which it took him all his days to endeavour to reconcile with one another. They seemed to be for ever setting out in opposite directions, and looking back as they had turned the corner, like two quarrelling schoolgirls making eoy overtures to re-establish relations with one another. These sinister features, together with a growth of wiry stubble on his jaws, were not improved by a scalded patch of purplish crimson which extended around pne of ms eyes, and over a large neighbouring tract of cheek The moment $Eiss Westropp appeared this creature had released bis. hold of the footman, and he now qtood a little behind his master, very much as a a? bull-dog after all, wd had in some antic vein stood upon his hindlegs with his front paws in his Pockets, and a short, thick stick under •4® arqi. You, mUBfc have seen the motions by which a dog of this breed intimites that he feels ashamed of himself. Some such expression as this wore tie bullet head under the hairy cap. It was waggled about from side to side, in J,'zoning, downcast kind of way, as Mough the owner were trying desperately » make both eyes look down together ; ™ time the head was raised, the wo eyes would appear again at opposite PMnw of the' compass, leering at one Sv et m a hideously comic duet. J-ius was for a moment. The people TO.np andddwpthe stairs had scarcely ?™ C6d in the hum of voices and the for supper. a™-?® 6 this way,' said Miss Westropp, wawing the young fellow with her to au ^occupied room. I suppose Quish may come, tooP Did °?.? 6 9 MabelP' asked Harry, pointing om ti B B h pu lder at the dwarf, CL g j 11 , 8 P aws doe P er into bis * n i d leered 111 the -most horrible »aner under this embarrassing recogni- 'Comef said Miss Westropp imperi- . and laid her hand upon her Harm. The dwarf followed them way, with his luadN^wn/ aud his club grasped tightly under his arm. Neville found himself alone in tho crowd, CHAPTER THE SEVENTH. , THE LORD HARRY. As this does not purport to be a melodrama, now . is as good a time as any other to tell you who was Harry. He was Lord Drumshaughlin's eldest son, but not his heir-at-law. Ralph Westropp shared some of the mad blood of the Warbros, which drove his maternal uncle, Dick, out to Ravenna philandering with the Carbonari, and gave him his death- wound in putting down a mutiny of the wild Palikars, who broke Lord Byron's heart at Missolonghi. Young Ralph was coronet in a regiment of hussars, when, effervescing with wild blood which he could see little prospect of dispensing in the hussars, he all of a sudden set off to take service with a band of Italian patriots to expel the Austrian from Lombardy. \- The patriots did not turn out satisfactorily. - They did not understand Westropp's Italian, not Westropp their dread of an Austrian uniform/ They plucked up courage enough to get fired upon in the flower-market at Milan, and, while Ralph Westropp was running away with his companions-in-arms he received a bullet under the shoulder which, without being too dangerous, sufficiently appeased his ppssion for blood-letting. For five miserable days he dragged himself along through Lombardy, more dead than alive, not know* ing particularly where he was going, except that it was towards the mountains. At long last he descried the Austrian frontier-post, and crossed over; in safety in the middle of the night by wading up to his armpits in a frozen little river, which went near avenging Austria more effectively than the Austrian bullet.. As soon as he climbed upon a rock on the opposite bank he fainted away, and took no further interest in the matter. He was picked up by a gigantic Swiss hunter, contrabandist, and innkeeper, one Antonaccio, who brought him home with him upon his back, calculating that as he was an Englishman, with soft, crested linen, he would probably be worth the trouble. When Ralph Westropp awoke out of his fever, he found the contrabandist's darkeyed sister. Berta hovering like a soft spirit around his bedside, and a sunny, secluded little Alpine valley (the Italians called it Vallinzona) spread out before him like a live chromo-lithograph under the rustic windows of the inn. It was one of those rose valleys which was not yet discovered of the English. (There are now a H6tel Splendide and a German sanatorium, together with a grape-cure, petis clievaux, and a morning and evening band.) The eternal snow was all far away behind—a mere harmony in pink, white, and gold to be lit up for sunrise or sunset, like an illuminated waterfaU. In front, in luxurious tranquility, basked a green spring valley in the embrace of delicate blue mountains perfumed and fanned with pine groves, and musical with cowbells and the liquid loves of the nightingales; and in the distance, like .a beautiful mirage, golden Italy. Berta's dark, sumptuous eyes had as much romance in them as all the nightingales had in their throats, and Ralph Westropp was a youth to whom the admiration of women was as the breath of life, and who was very apt to mistake his admiration of himself as a return for their worship. Alas for those days of lazy sunshine in the Yallinzona! < One night in the winter of that .same year, as young Westropp was strolling home, cigar in mouth, from a dull official reception in the Rue St. Honors, at Paris, he found himself followed into the court of his hotel in the Rue de la Paix by a sinister-looking stranger, behind whose conspirator's -cloak he .recognised the contrabandist of the Yallinzona. ' I had much trouble in finding you, milor,' said the Swiss, grimly, as he closed the door of Westropp's apartment on the second floor*into which he had j shown him. * : I bring you some news.' He bent down and said, or rather hissed, something in milor's ear. The young man turned desperately pale. ' What—what is to be done P' he asked, after a moment or two, in a scared way. - •« One thing and that quickly. You know it—marriage 1' 'Marriage!' The contrabandist had spoken with insolence. It was mostly tne smart of his insulting words—partly also, perhaps, it was that cruel appetite for rending something which unbridled youth shares with young tigers—that moved Ralph Westropp to burst out into a scornful laugh. The small close-set black eves of the Swiss glittered like knives. 1 Her blood is as rich as yours. We are of the Oasoiolini, wel' • - - 'My good fellow, lotus come to bqwnessjwid We«ta>pp,coldly.nj • To business 1 Very well, r cnecTfhe! Swiss, raging like a wild animal. .' You are going to promise to be at her side at the Maine, in the Vallinzona, within seven .days, for the ceremony, or I am going to kill you here where you sit. Do you understand P' ' You look quite like it/ said Westropp, laughing, as in these days he always would laugh tauntingly at death. ' But I think I will find , another way out of it;' and he touched the bell at his elbow. ' Mundle,' he said to his servant, who answered the summons from the next room, ' see 'this gentleman to the door. The lady, sir, shall hear from me herself.' He had got thus far when his eyes were blinded by a flash, a venemous sting entered his flesh, and he tumbled on the floor, bleeding, His valet grappled valiantly with the assassin. They rolled together on the ground, and in the collision the second barrel of-the contrabandist's pistol exploded in his hand. His other hand, which was upon Mundle's throat, suddenly relaxed its grip, and he fell back, dead. The bnltet had entered at his left temple, and - buried '-itself in his brain.; The commissary of police, who had just returned from the Joperai remarked with, a shrug of the shoulders, after investigating the'circumstances— 1 ' My faith, the defunct has done himself instico.' ' : . . After which the commissary rejoined his wife, who was waiting for him in a cab, and proceeded to a quiet supper at the Qaf6 Mery, This was Ralph Westropp's marriage engagement. His wound was a slight one. . As soon as he could extort the doctor's permission, he was. away to Switzerland, and bursting his way through the snows of the St. Gothard to make his dark-eyed nurse of the Vallinzona his wife. Whether it was remorse) or chivalry, or whim, or all three that urged him on—who can tell ? Least of all men could he tell himself. He only knew that there was a certain wild dash of Missolonghi distinction about the adventure that made him think well o£ himself; and it is always a comfort to a man whose reasonings are bad to think that impulses are pretty sure to be right if they urge him to do anything uncommon. He chose to face all the snows of society, as well as all those less formidable barriers which choked the St. Gothard Pass, to do of his own free will and pleasure what he would have been hacked to pieces rather than do under the pistol of Antonaccio. He came too late. His son had been born a night 01; two before, and the mother was convulsed with hysteria, which promised tq save his chivalry the trial. She lived, however, to be the Hon. Mrs. Westropp, and, in the fulness of time, Lady Drum-; shaughlin ; and the blonde little infant— a blurred copy of Ralph Westropp's beauty, and a sad caricature of his weaknesses—grew up in the wilds and stable? yards of Drumshaughlin to be—Harry. ' Harry, what is the meaning of this P' WBB Miss Westropp's first question, when they were tete-a-tete. ' The—the meaning of it P' he repeated, in a faltering, puzzled tone. ' Egad, Mabel, is that your welcome for me ? • You have behaved shockingly, sir— before all the world, too. You have disgraced us and disgraced yourself.' ' Is this our own house, or is it not P* The wild light suddenly flamed up again in the young fellow's eyes; his features were gathered together with a_ con : centrated energy which was obviously rare and painful. ' Have they a right to kick me out of my father's houseP Answer me that. Have those fellows ih livery orders to keep me outP Am I the oholera, that ye're all afraid of meP That's just what I came here to know> once for all. I'll stand it no longer. By God, I won't!' ' This is worse and worse. Harry, you have takten drink.' 'I know I have. So have all the people here, I suppose. We hadn't much dinner, neither Quish nor I—a sandwich at some railway junction, that was all.' ' Oh I what could have tempted you to make this journey P' • What induced me to stay where I was so longP That's what I want tb know.' •Then, you were not really happy at Harman's P You have had a quarfej ^with him, perhaps P' - • 'A quarrelP No, nothing particular. He beats his wife. I don't care, MabeL he does beat her; but that does not: matter—it is her own fault. She flew at me like a cat when I offered to thrash him. It isn't that; but I don't want him nor any man to follbw me about as a keeper—with a straight-waistcoat ready, by—' ' Oh, Harry, those horrible oaths! 'Well, what have they left me but those oaths ? I won't stand it, I fell you,' he cried, with flashing eyes. 4 1 suppose I'm notyery brightr bqt I Ipioiy wEaFifcls fo*be"trodden into the slime of the earth—a wojrn would know it; and I think of it sometimes, Mabel, though ycra. mayn't believe it. 'Twasb^d enough to be shut up alone with the rats, and the ghosts in that old barrack qf a, ijastle; but they must lock me into HonsrJHarmpn's nursery like a baby, and' cut. off my tobacco, and warn Quish not to go near me. As if Quish weren't a better man than Harman, pnyway.! .Byheavens, Mabel, I couldn't stand another day of it. So Quish and. myself made it up to run away. I said -it would be better for me to throw, myself from London Bridge or 'list.' . : " . ' My,poor Harry!' exclaimed his sister, taking his head between her hands .and kissing him; whereupon,. sobbing Out, ' Oh, Mabel, you know how they have treated me!' he let his head sink upon her shoulder like a child. : ,, Quish's posture at this moment would have given a painter the subject of an immortal picture. He had stood during the interview with his body half inserted through the half-opened doorway— sufficiently present to be of assistance at call, and sufficiently in the draught of the doorway to express respectfuldiscomfort. He was silently gnawing the hairy'cap with his teeth, with some hideous suggestion :of a lover furtively kissing . a letter from the beloved one, and his.misphappp and discploure^ head yaswagging more jerkily than ever, with a grin fahich you might easily enough have mistaken for some devilish diversion, though it was really only Qaish's way of looking sentimental and embarrassed. Young ladies in filmy ball dresses do not like being embraced by dishevelled brothers in homespun tweed. Is it quite unpardonable if it was some half- unconscious thought of her tulle, and of mordant tongues set going up-stairs, that all of a sudden froze up the tenderness ofjthe sister, and restored the sang froid of the beauty P 4 You ought not to be such a fool,' she said, disengaging herself a little hurriedly, and beating her beautiful arm pettishly with her fan. 'Indeed, you ought not. What could you have expected to gain by conduct of this kindP' ' Conduct of this kind!' he cried, flaming out again rebelliously. ' Coming to my own father's house to ask him for something to take me to America or somewhere. Conduct of this kind!' ' Making a rowdy scene in your father's, house on an occasion like this— that is what I mean,' cried Miss Westropp, her cheek rosed over with a flush of fingry recollection; ' breaking into this house in the middle of the night with this—this man, like—like—' ' Like a blackguard, you mean. Go on, Mabel.' 'Have you a glimmer of respect for what is due to the decencies of society —to our position here—to your mother s feelings ' ' I don't care,' he broke in doggedly. ' What have I done that you shotQd involve me in the pain of such a scene P Oh, Harry, it was unkind of you—it was vulgar—it was unmanly!' 'You are not quizzing me, MabelP' he asked, looking up into her faoe hesitatingly. 'You are incorrigible,' she cried, in passionate impatience. 'No,' he said, simply. ' I know very well now that you mean it. All right, Mabel. We'll go. I'll do it for , you. Come,. Quish,' he cried, turning sadly towards the door,'we've got to pack.' After taking a step or twq he turned abruptly, as if something had flashed upon him, and he whispered confidently to his sister—'I say, Mabel, could ybu manage the loan of a few shillings fpr a fellow—just what will keep us going for the night, you know. I suppose they- charge a fellow half-a-crown or so at least for a bed and a bite of breakfast here.' ' Good heavens ! You have not come to London without the price of a bed in your pocket P' ' Oh, no, we had enough for that, and more—lashings more; but I didn't rightly know our—I mean your address, so we were knocking about in a ctrti for three hours, and we had to call at ever so many public-houses to inquire,the way. You wouldn't believe what a heap /of money it cbst.*' ' •' ' * Dieair, des.r old Harry: Forgive ime ; IwaBa brute,' she suddenly Crje'd, wiih tears in her eyes/ flinging , her aniis about him, this time with the most callbus disregardlof iionsequenceiiitb' ! the tulle. .; R-^^JHTJW Harry's pale eyes opened in wbndejrment. ' Now that the excitemept^ wliieh had, like fire, fusbd his features infei; a glbw, had died away, they looked weak and Incoherent features enough, aftor all. He could not clearly malro^but what had happened to produce thiB surprising demonstration. ' That's more like your old self,' he said; ait length/ titUnd^rJ' let thfin spoil you ^ » - -v..7 : f -:!;an5i I'-h'p ».'f (•> ? ;'<;•:.! v - T • They shan't, dear—never again— there's my hand on it,' she cried, beaming with a girlish mother's affection. •We're sworn friends against all the world from this hour.' , ' That's right, Mab—you always took my part,' he said, still considerably puzzled. 'And you'll fish out that ten bob or so for us, won't you, Mab.i' • Don't, Harry—not those homd words,' she . cried, with a look of agony. • Come along ; yon must not think of going away.' 'EhP What is it all about P • My poor brother, what would you do out in the streets of London by yourself P' 'Quish is an astonishing fellow at finding his way—as cute as if he were after a badger at Corrig-na-thurrig.' Quish smiled sadly as one who had heard mention of the brook Cedron by by the waters of Babylon. 'Very well; Quish will stay with us, too. There is plenty of room, and papa will be delighted to see you.' ' Why, that's what I was thinking all along, Mab. The governor was never much down upon me. He isn't in bed yet. Just give him the tip that I'm here, won't you P* • Not to-night, dear, not to-night,' she said, a little hurriedly. 'P^or papa is not equal to much worry, and—and—we must not let mamma know—not just, yet.' • Oh !' was his crestfallen comment. ' We shall have some supper in my little sitting-room—you and I—and you shall tell me all the news. It will be time enough for us to begin plotting tomorrow or after. Come.' And the young lady of fashion, who a few minutes before crimsoned at the apparition of the tweed-suited young man in the hay-coloured hair, took the said young man's arm, and led him boldly forth into the midst of the perfumed mob that was still flowing np and down the staircase like a bright river in the Moluccas. Young Neville was standing transfixed to the spot where we last saw him; with what object, he knew no more than than does the moth why his wings will not carry him out of range of the fascinating flame that is scorching him. It was not jealousy, even of the young man who called his divinity ' Mabel . for he was one who, if his divinity had chosen to run away with her dancing-master, would have concluded in simplicity of soul that the dancing-master must be a man of superior talents to himself, and would no morjB have dreamed of challenging the dancing-master than of thrashing the jockey who might beat his chestnut for the Citv and Suburban. Several people slapped him on the back and trod upon his toes in passing without awakening any demonstration on his part. The moment, however, that he saw Miss Westropp advancing towards him leaning upon the stranger's arm, the bronze vermilion overspread his face to the roots of his gold-coloured moustacheonce more, and he looked around in a startled way, as if with some mad thought of taking to his heels. Miss Westropp walked straight up to him. ' Mr. Neville, you have not met my brother Harry,' she said, with a smile of heavenly gratitude. 'I do so want you to be friends.' 'Glad to know you,' said Neville, heartily, putting out his hand. ' Horace and I are cronies.' •What! It isn't you who're running Carablche for the City and Sub.P ' asked Harry, with much interest. ' Yes, Carabiche is a thing of mine.' ' She ought to do it hands down. _ I don't know what's to beat her,' said Harry, in whose eyes his new acquaintance was a far more -interesting personage in the great world of London than the Lord Mayor. ' I am ever so glad to meet yon. Come and have a bit of supper with us —• Mabel and me. Musn't he, Mabel P' For an instant she looked embarrassed and annoyed, but she immediately laughed pleasantly. ' Very well. I dare say it won't be much more improper than my standing here talking to you two young men all this time in place of helping to mind mamma's guests for her.' In fact, very much the same remark was being made at that moment by Lady Dankrose to her serious young friend, Mrs. Letenham, as her lean old shoulders were being embalmed in furs and shawls before departing. • Who on earth is the young ; pprfoa that extraordinary girl has picked ,up now ? She has been making eyes all the night at that young fool, poor Lady ' Margery Neville's son. Did anyone ever see' anything so brazen P' < 'My dear Lady Dankrose,' said the younger lady, philosophically,'it is the way with all. those Irishwomen, more or less, but they don't .'mean anything wronig—I Malay believe they do' nbt —it is simply that they fail to see how it looks to us quiet English people.' The Hon. Miss Westropp's national eccentricities were not pushed to any further extremities, however, on the present occasion. She discovered quickly that her two young bears were sufficiently co-enthusiasts on the common ground of Carabiche to make capital company for one another; and while she was making up for her disappearance by redoubled zeal in her mother's drawing-rooms, Reggy Neville was arranging to bring Harry down to Newmarket, first train in the morning, to see the mare take her gallop. (To be continued.) 