THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; on, Lady Chetwynd's Spectre. BY MIiis. HARIlllET LEWIS. CHAPTEC XIX. TIHE PLOTTERS ALL BUSY. "Its all up for to-night," Itagee muttered in her lindoo tongue. "I must bide my time, and watch my chance. It will come soon, if i am ready. The pale-faced young girl with her baby-face shall not crowd out my young mistress from herrightful position as Lady of Chetwynd. 1 will destroy her as I would an insect." She shook her hand in fierce menacing at the object of her hatred, and then, growing mindful of her own safety, and not wishing It risk an encounter with Gilbert Monk, she ilarted down the outside staircase, and was awayin theshadow of the trees almost with the rapidity of thought. She concealed herself in a secure position at a little distance, at a point commanding a view of the door of the chalet. Herescape was immediately discovered, and Monk said: "You are safe now with me, Bernice. l.a gee has hurried home, I am positive. She would not dare risk a meeting with me. You are paleand worn out. Let me take you from this place as soon as possible. Flack has been staying in the neighborhood since hebrought me the news of your departure from 3Lawr Castle, and I found him in the edge of the park as I went back to the house. I sent him to Chetwynd-by Sea for a carriage and he will drive you over to Eastbourne directly. He is to he in waiting at the lower gate of the park, nearest the village. Ifercareyour clothes. It would be well to lay aside those wet garments as soon na possible. Bernice assented, and Monk went outside the ehalet and closed the door. Young Lady Itetwynd secured it on its inner side, again barricaded thedoor at the foot of the stair, sad changed her wet garments for dry ones as rapidly as the swollen and painfil state of her sprained wrist would allow. She was soon warmly clothed. She rolled op her damp garments and packed thlem into her travelling-bag. lHer white silk robe, which had so ably served in hier appearance re a spectre, was quite dry. She examined it carefully. It had been eathcred u shabout her wait w.hen she had fallen into the lake and was not torn nor damaged. She rolled up the robe and thrust it into her travelling- bag. She was attired in her lirunze grey caslhmere robe and jacket, and it only now remained to put oni her hat. While she was thus completing their attire, Monk came in, put out the remaining fire, scattering the embers on the hearth, and extinguished the liglht of the lantern, which he restored to the closet from which lie hadl withdrawn it. Then he arrmnged the furni ture which Bernice had piled up in the form of a barricade, in its usual order, and con ducted young Lady Chetwynd out of the chalet. They halted outside while lie locked the door, and Bernice then placed her arm in his, and they moved on:uon g the sh, alowa, keeping a vigilant and apprehensive lock out around them. They wound along the narrow and dusky laths, avoiding tIe wider moonlight avenues, and once or twice they halted at some rustic seat. that Blernice might rest. But at last they approached the lower end of thel park, and the Email gate leading out upon the open high way. " I always carry a key to this gate," said Monk, producing the key in iuestio? from his pocket. "'I generally cross the park when Ig to the rillage. IHere we are, and the fly is waiting." Flack was on the box, whip in hand,. lie raised his hat to the young lady andl to his moaster. Monk assisted Bi::rici: int., tIhe vehicle. lie hesitated abo:,t oeumusanyri. liher to, Eastbourne. lie fcareel lest he sliulil be missed from the Pl'ik, and lie hat an;olher task to do on this nielut-a task which ie dreadred, but deemed necessary oiithe success if his iplans, and even to his .wn weli liing. But heilarcd not run any risk iof losiog Bernice again. To plies her safrly in the hands of 3Irs. Crowl was the first and most important mlovemennt to lie made. tpon his safe custody of liernice all his plans hinged. le decided, therefure, to accompany her to E etbotrne. "To Mrs. Crowl's lodgings, Flck," lihe orderedl, in a low voice with a piercing glance around him. "And lie lively. We've along drive before us, and I have othir bosiness on hand Lo-nigllt." lIe sprang lightly into the ve!.icle and closed the door. The fly rolled heavily along the load oil its way to Eastbourne by Chetwynd-by.Sea. It was not yet out of sight, when the withered, dusky, witch- like face of the old ;lindoo woman was pressed against the .·iMrs of the gate, and thIe head like eyes glittered as Ilgee silently mnut tered: "''o Mrs. Crowl's 1' A long drivel? He must be going to Eastbourne. 'Ti. Mrs. Crowl's lodgings' at Eastbourne, eh ? I'm Coing to Eastbourne to-morrow. And lie has other business on Land to-night ! What business? I find that he is deeper than I thought. He'll bear watching. I'll know what'his 'otter business'is. Mlissy won't .be troubled if I am absent all night. She Croats me. And no I'll wait to watch him. lle t be back at thin gate by two clouck, audl l'il be here, too." Meanwhile the antiquated fly and its oc cupants were proceeding swiftly along the 1 road to Chetwynd-by.Sea. They enterede Eastbourne after a brisk drive, and Flack I drove into the retired street in. which Mrs. Growl had taken lodgings. The fly presently Ihalted befor the door of a three-storied rick house, one of a row of similar uouses. " This is the place," said Monk, opening the door of the carriage and springing out. He assisted Bernice to alight. lie helped her up the steps and into the house. Mrs. Crowl received the young marchioness kindlyand respectfully, and with a warmth that was very grateful to the girl. The rela tions between the two had been front the first as mistress and servant, an: d Mrs. Crowl had played her part so well as never to ex cite the girl's euslpieions. Mrs. Crowl lead the way up slaics, Bernice and Monk following. Ti.e woman ushered them into a pleasant little parlor, where I lights and a lire where himning, and drew up an easy-chair before the hearth. oerntice sank into the chair, tired and very pa!e. Mies Gwyn has spraitned her wrist," said Monk. "You will know how to treat the ailment, Mrs. Growl, without calling in a physician. lTo-morrow cvening Miss Gwyn will be able to start for Mawr Castle, and you will take the express for London. You will stop at aquiet hotel in town to-morrowt night, and continue your journey the next day. I will be in London also to-morrow evening-going up on the same train with you, in fact, to Iltao all sure. We will meet at the station. And now good niht." He bent over Bernice and kissed her. Then lie took his leave, nut hurried down to the waiting carriage and set out on his re turn. When the fly arrived upon the hill over looking the village of Cetwyndl-by-Sea, Monk called to the driver to stoip. The order was promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed: " You can drive on, Flack, and relturn the fly to the inns. I'll walk home, and stretch my legs after this lone drive. You need not come to the Park to-snorrowr. Pay your bill at the inn in the morning, and gio to East Iboine. You are to take charge of Miss Gwyn antd Mrs. Crowl, and have them at the station to-.orrow night. I shall go up to London by the samlle train." lie dismissed his confederate by a wave of the hland, and the vehicle passed on in the distance. Mionk swalked briskly down the hill and into the silent village. He turned into the lonely clhurch.yard amnong the graves, whose tall white headstones ecreened hIim from tile pissible view of any watcher, althoughl the moonlight was still brilliant. lie creot into the little shaded stone porch, and let limstelf intotheechurch,. It was thenti about two o'clock in the morning. It was past four, and tihe gray dawn was breaking, when he emerged fromtt the church, wearied an:m worn and pale. Monk went on through the village and as cended the hill beyond. At the lower gate of the Patrk hIe halted and let himself in, and hurried along the more obscure paths toward the house. The old Hindoo woman had watlched antd waited for h:im all these hours. Site saw him enter the park, and one glance at him as sured her that his "other business" had been accomnlished. She arose from her crouching position and followed him stealthily homeward. " I've made a failure of it, after all," the old woman muttered. " His business lay in the village. It concerned rny lady in some way. But what was it I I'd like to know Gilbert Monk's schemes, but they all hinge on that girl. lie means to preserve her life : I mean Li destroy it. Which will win 1" The kitchen-maids were astir, and old l:agee, watchite' her opportunity, ex pericnced no dilliculty in slipping into the houtse unseen. tt tile servanls'entrance. Slhe glided up to the apartments of her mistress, whom sihe found sleeping. She Ipassed on to her own roolt and changed her garments, and flus.g herself on her bed, drooping asleep. It was somewhere about eight o'clock when Miss Moa,k's bell summtoned her. She was a light sleeper, awakening at a soutnd or touch, anti now started up broad awale upon tihe instant. She folded her turban afreesh, and hastened to the bed- chamber of her mis tress. tiles Monk was in bed, her head lying back tpon iher pillowv, a fretful exprea sio:l on her swarthly face. -Slhe was an noycd antld earious, and she c> 'aimed etti Iant;y : " "Wiliy did youll lot aeleyl in !uy room last night us ucual. I:agee? Why where yeu not here to lundress use 1 kept alt..ce till near morning from sheer terror. cannot be all,one, anti you kylntt, it." Inageo at once told her mistress the story of her adventures during the night, Miss Moink listened in breathless eager ners. " .;illbert is the head and front of this ap. parition business," said Sylvia at length. "And yet why snould he wish to ruin me? lie rescued her front her tomb. It's all pinit to me now. And lie has some object in defending her,. But what can It beu He did not love her." "I can see into the mystery," said the oll llindoo woman, lier dusky face lighting. "The truth is lie has discovered who she is. You knoaw, hissy, shet did nit know her parenta,_e. (iilberthu found otthesecret. She is of noble blood; one. can tell that by her haughty air, lher patrician hcauty, her high breeding. Site looks like a princess, at the least. I can see Gilbert's grLme noiw. lIe means to allow you to marry my lord, anid lie will then restore my holy to her own friends and relatives, and feather his own 1t-t." "Dat what wonll then become of me? I should be no wife. I should be set adrift-" " Yes, 31issy. Bctt tirhaps Mr. Gilhert would inot permit things to oi so far. I'er balts hit will not iallolv you to marry nmy lird. Gilbert is a sellish fellow and means to look out for hiimself, aid hlie won't care lwhat bee-ctesof you. I think he brought soy ladly here to play ghost. I thinik he liltes!I to exatet a eood scrice frott mty lord cand from Lyly Chtetywecl'a relatives, and Sthen lestore iher to them as one from the liss Monk iloked teiltmifled. iglhat sihall we do?" sie whispered. " Wthat sJht/i we do, Itagee 1" •l'eave it all to me. We imust not safuer tildbert to suspect hosw imuch we knows of his ilan.s. I will iout'it him ant destroy tiel girl. Leave it ti, me, I say. My lady is at' Mrs. Urowl's luldgines,' at Eastlurne. SYou tsist senll me to itsstibosrne to-day, Missy, to match somte of your embroiderits or trimmingo, or somelthing." " Ut lie will not keep lierat .astltaourne, where she is known. lite will take her t s Lsndon, and conceal her there until he is ready to disclose the fact that she lives." "Then I'll go to London, ton," said the lfindoo, with a reslute gleam in hier eyes. "I'11 be more that a match for lhim." Mliss Monk 1utt cside lier chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to 'stealiv hier nervecs." Then she allowed herselfC to ie tressed in hlier luxuriant E.astern style, and at oilne o'clock was readly for break('cet. She bade nagece await hlier return to hier chamber, and tdesccended to the breakfast room. Lord Chetwyndi was aready thiere, and Gilbert Monk followed lir immediately, looking somewhat haggardt and wearied. Miss Monk was very amusing, with a forced gaiety, but Chetwyad was un usual!y silent and abstracted, 'Anything 1 can do for you in town, Sylvia ?" inquired Monk, carelessly, as he hl received his second cup of collffee at the to hands of the waiter. " Have you any commnands for jeweller, dressmaker, bout- gi maker or milliner I I shall be pleased to br execute any wish you may entertain. I am going up to London to.night." be "Ab, indeed I" said Miss Monk. "If he you will look in at Howell & James's, and Ye inquire when my opal bracelet will be at linished, I shall be obliged. Shall you be ce gone long 2" b: " A day or so-possibly a week. ScBtsby os & Newman expect me, and business is bust- ra ness, you know." b: In the early evening, immediately after w dinner, Gilbert Munk drove over to East. it bourne, and to the s:ation. He arrived at tie last momenet, and was ushered itnto a fu firstclanss compartment occupied by two hI veilred ladies, of whom one was Lady Chet- pi wend and the other Mrs. Growl. fy ;bhe train had began to move, w.en tihe door of the second-class compartmenit ad joining was hiarrie sly opened by the guard, I and a bent ohi woman, with a painted white le face, gray hair, a frilled cap, and a ltoge scuttle bonnet, was pushed in, and the it door hastily shut upon her. 'hi .i p woman was Itgee, the Ilindoo I And he thus, cnvironed by her enemies, young Lady Chetwynd journeyed up to London. ne CHAPTER XX. te It A STATEi O1 USCERiTAINTY. f On arriving at the Lonldon Bridge termi. t nos, tilbert Monk alighted from the first class coach hie had occupied with young ii Lady Chetwynd and Mrs. Crowl on thbejour- it ney up from Eastiourne,and raising histhat to them as to utter strangers, he crossed the platform and entered allansom cab, hidding it the driver convey hism to Haskell's Family d. Hotel, Piccadilly. Flack appeared from a second-class coach i near at hand, and escorted Lady Chetwynd d and Mfrs. Crowl to a four-wheeled cab, as sisted them into the vehicle, mounted the box a, with the driver, and gave the same order II Monk had given-Haskell's Family Hotel, ht Piccadilly. An old bent woman-the Ilindoo ayah ci cleverly diisguised-had appeared from the re second-class carniage djoiinng the compart mentoc-upied by Lady Chetwynd, and heard Ii the orders of Monk and Flack, and now en- I tcred a cab and gave precisely the same order ft they had givcn-IHaskell's Family Hotel, ti Piccadilly. a In the course of an hour thereafter the three several parties were comfortably b quartered in the quiet family hotel they re had designated. The hour was late, and is Gilbert Monk did not see Bernice again b that evening. The Iindoo woman regis. tered a false namne, and ascertained that d Lady Chetwyr.d was registered as Miss ci Gwyn of Carnarvon. This discovery afforded the avah food for ti thought anid sleculation throughout the re- te mainder of thlat night. 11 Tihe next morning, after eating a solitary breakfast in the coffee-room of the hotel, a: Gilbert Monk ordered a cab, and went up e to Ltady Chetwynd's private parlor. He fouid her lying upon a couch near the ir window, with her hair runscoufined, her face g pale, and wearinge arn expresion of physical n r sulliering. ler white :rowswwere contracted I in pain, and she was manifestly unable to ci travel. Monlt gave a start of dismay. " What is to Iie done"' he asked, in a b tone of perplexity. "Shall I send for it pbhyician ?", "She needs a day of rest, with warmth iI eand stimulating food," said Mrs. Crowl. " Ii can treat her rs well as a piiysician couldt : Mr. Monk. I'll have her ready to start for t, Wales in a rday or two." Monk reluctantly went out.n anl dismissed r his cab, and announeed at the ollice of the C hotel that ihe should prolong Iris staya day or e two further. lie then returned to Lady t Cihetwynd's parlor with a parcel of morning t papers, resolved upon making the best of a a bad nituation. y HIe found Mrs. Crowl concocting ar egg-. neg for the benefit of her patient. Bernice I ira:nk the pretparation meekly, and presently v dropped asleep,. Mrs. Growl pushed an arm-chair to the hearth, in convenient plroximity to the s chair ouecupied by Mlonk, and scalted her self, her glances lixed upon the beautiful h sleephr. 'I How lovely shie is 1" the woman twhis pored. " She is su!perbly, radiantly heauti full. And she is so fransk. , honest, so s gentle, so unsusplicious of harmn I She is a n real lady through and through. I shoulit like is live with her alway.=, Mr. Monk. I 1 wo nrler hoi you ran Ihare seen lher grow ii beautifiil ucder your verl eves, olld become s acctrmplished andil lit to ade,: the QCuee's r drawing- room, and yet not fall in love with y Monk's paperr fell Ito his knees, and his v swnrtiy face flluhed with the consciousness ns of a new and suddenly conceived passion for leriice. t \Irs. Crewl rend his flush and aniltlion a aright. Sire looked amazed: then pleased. f " Why, I never have nspiected that you r love Miss Gwyn," she exclaimed. " It's something n.ew even to you, 1 know, Mr. Monk. I asm delighted sir, anld hope l that if you win her you will allow me to l, remain with her always. I should ask no. e thing hotter than to live with Miss Gwynall t my life." a "I do not know what Miss G;wyn will say to a umarri.ge with mre," midaMonk, thought- u fully. " She likes me and trusts me, that I a know. She truste you also, and you might drop a word now and thern about my does. n tion t helir, anldl prepare hler to receive favor ably, in good time, a proposal of marriage I front me. If she rnartles me, Mrs. Crowl, 1 you shall be her lady housekeeper, at as handsomeo salary, is long as you live." Mrs Crowl's eyes sparkled with delight. I "I advise you to let her- know that you r love her, sir," she whispered. " Give her C sanmething else to think of besides oldt troubles. Take my wonrd for it, she'll feel t Clatteredt and pl:ased, andishe'll soon geti used to the idea and like it. ShIe loves you s ne as a sister; it's onrly a step further to I love you as your bride." Monk's perceptions and intuitions niot be. ing ,f te finest, lie was glad to ncepet his I confederateos estimate of Blernice, and to act upon it. lie rnsolved thalrt he would do nothing to lessen Bcrnice's tru.t in him, but that lhe would delicalely intinlate ito hler, at C the first suitable opportunity, that although C Lord Chetwynd had forgotten lier, there was one still vwho adtored her, and wclht devote his life to hler if she would permit him. The opportnnity he desired did not occur before evening, when, after eating his din- .a ner in the coffee-room, aMonk returned to Lady Chetwynd's .arlor. The gas was lighted here, and thie curtains were drawn. The fire burned chteerily on the hearth, and before it sat Iernice, still pale, but with a brighter lool on hier proued, daerk face. She lookedl stronger, too, than in tile morning, and greeted Monk with asmilCe. Hie was delighted at the change in her, I1 and sat down near her, his face beaming. " I feared that you hbad retired," he said, I Sbut you are almost well again, Bernice. MIrs. Growl isa physician as well as a nurse. I am persuaded thatyou will be able to con. tinue your journey in the morning." SM"rs. Crowl appeared from the innerroom, 1 attired for thie street. "I suppose we are to go on to the castle to-morrow, Mr. Monk," she said," and I have a few purchases to make in towni so I must Smake them to-nighlt. Miss Gwyn was not I so wseak as I feared. Her wrist is better, all the isnflammatiun being gone from it,and I sheis quite able to travel. I shall he back Sin arn hour, having only to go into Oxford street, if Miss Gwyn will kindly allow me." Bernice gave assent, and Mrs. Crowl do parted, I Anti now was comne the opportunity Monk had craved, in which to tell Bernice his love for her. But how was lie to doit? : -While he hesitated in what manner to be gin his intended communication, Bernice broke the silence. "Gilbert," site said, hesitatingly, "I've been thinking to-day, during my few waking hours, of how strangely I am situated. You tell me that, having apparently died, and having actually been buricd, t have ceased to be Lord Chetwynd's wife. You have been kind to me, Gilbert. You have saved my life twice; you have given me rare opportunities for improvemenr, and have been a noble brotherl to me. Iloy will matry Sylvia soon, and I amn leit utterly alone, with no future to look fer. ward to. I can never hope to reward you for your goodness to nme. I am a helploss borden upon yeoa, and I know that you are poor. I cannot consent to be a burde), to you any lonIger." " What do you ropose doing 1"'' "I have no further interest in Englajnd. I want to go somewher:, where I have at least a shadow of a claim upon some one. It I: April, Gilbert, and ships can visit St. Ki!ida I want you, as a last favor to tile, to procure me passage to nmy ild island home." Meonk's face grew sober, even to sad aess. " You have no home at St. Kilda now, Bernice," lie said. "I don't knowlow to tell you, but it is better to say the trith at once. Mr. and lMrs. Gwellan were both drowned at sea last month, on a voyage from St. Kilda to Gl sgow. It was in all the papers-a sad affair-" lIe paused, affrighted at the dead white. necss of the girl's face, and at the wild look in lwr great brown eyes. "Dead I" she ra.id. " Drowned ?' " Yes, Bernice. It was a terrible acci dent. The boat-a fishing craft-went down in a gale, with all on tboard." " Dead l--drowned l" repeated the losew, piteous voice, with its wild strain of incre dulity. "Dea.l I Oh, Iteaven !" The girl covered her face withi her hands. anl was motionless and dluib in h!er great horror anil despair. tUonk did not dare to 1-_"^k the silence. lie hadl expected tears and moans, and was awe-struck and fright ened at the maniier in which Bejrnice ha1d received the fatal news. The slow minutes wore on. Icrnice lifted her heard at last. and turned toward him her white, angsished face, and her eyes full of brooding horeor. She hadl slhed no tears, and Monk trembled as lie looked upon a grief so mute,so terrible. " They are all gone now," slie said, in her broken voice- all gone I Poor father andl mother l They are happy in heaven. It is better so. I would not have them back." " Mlr. GwCellan was alllicted with heart disease, and was cn his way to Seotlnud to consult a physician,." said Monk, soothingly. " lie could not have lived muich longer, at the best. They have sent out a new minis ter to St. Kiltda, and y'ou may lied no place there." "Is there a place anywhere for mle " asked lBernice, brol;ely. "1 have no right to any name, no homle anywhere. I am only a dependent upon you. I did not mind that, ilbert, ;ilert, whetn I e:.peelted to go back to Guoy and to have imeans to repay you, at least for the monely yo:; have expended on me so genersou.ly; but now I 1 cannot be dependent long:er. If I have ceased to be loys's wife, I have ceased to bie your sister. I shall no longer be adead weight upon you." "My poor little liernicel What can 1 say to you ? Youi are no depelndent upon me. I freely give you all I have. I loved yea as an brother fronm tile nlolment 1 saw you. It was that brotherly love that took me to your tomb for a last look uponl your face. It was that love that made tue refuse to believe you dead, evell when Chetwynd had caused you to be puit, as he esupposed, for ever out of his sight. Duriog these past. lifteen months I Ilave uaIc lsed the unfolding of your beauty with tenlerer affection still. And now, Bernice, I love you with all my heart and soul. Cosne to mae, Bernice. You are not alore while I live. Come to time, my dariing. Be iiy wife, and let mle dovote my days to the task of making youe lappy." lIe helid out his arms to hIer, bilt the shrank from him, tremnlling like It leaf. "Anid youi, also!"' she whisespeled. "I lhave lc-st my last triendl. Ahl, now I am in ieeii ailonie t' "I dnost unslerslalnd vist, li?err:ie.'' "My friend is traissformezd into a lover," said lBernice, sorrowfully, "and I have lost my friend." "But you have npined far more than!: youa have lost, Bernice," said Mionk, gently. yet urgently. "You have g:ained sonic one to share youir srilows, to minister to you, to rejoice with you is your joys, to weep whean you weep ; soi,e cne to whom the world is brighter tbecause you live ill it; solie one who, for your sake, strives every day to beait better and nobler man." "Oil, Gilbert! Don't talk to me like this I All I have left is mny self-respect, and that I must tmainetaii. To lie perfctly frank with you. my French governcs.e has repeataedly asked me what relationship I bear to you, and has often told me that, if I were not your relative, nor a younlg lady sof fortune under your guardianship, I ought to leave your protectiullon, for my very name's sake. And so, Gilbert, 1 am not going back to Mawr Castle. I want you to crown all your obligations to me by letting ime re. main here. at this hotel with Mrs. trowl, until you can procure for me a suitable situ ation." " You are surely wild, Bernice. I shall not consent to this absurd scheme of self. support. If you will not lie my wife, you shall be my sister and ward, but I shall not let you go fromt me. In time, I know I shall win you to bem y wife." lHe arose,toosk her lhand andt felt iher puie. It was throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. Ile feared to excite her by fsur ther discussion, and to strengthen her in her new resolves by further combiating them. After a few retl:irks, tllerefore, on indifferent subjects, snlid Il expressiol of sympathy it htr bereavement of her foster parents, MLonk took his departure. He closed thie door behind him softly, and went down stairs and out into ithe street, half angry with himself for having broachedld the subject of his love until after Sylvia's marriage to Lord Chetvwynd. On Bernice being left to herself, her tholughtblsrevertedt to hier foster.larents, ntdl the tears that had refused to fall before fell now iu a hleavy rain. The violence of her grief sostn exhalustedl her. I'Pale, and with short, sobbing breaths, she lay back in her clhalir like a flower nearly beaten outt of life by some fearful storm;i and as she lay there the doorsoftly opened, and an old womuan in the rusty alpaca gown, a scuttle bonnet, andt a heavy black lace veil over her face, slowly and silently entered the room, closing the door behind her. It was the liindoo ayah. The old East Indian nyahi's disguise was perfect, and Bernice could not have detected under it her mortal enenmy. It must have been, then,some subtle instinct that warned yonag Lady Chetwtynd of the near piresence of danger. She rose up swiftly aud silenttly and retreated toward the door of hler led. room adjoining, her big brown eyes dilating, and her white face, under all its calm braiery, indicating a quick, spasmodic terror. "This is a private room, madam," she said, with a gesture toward the door, en deavoring te speak quietly. The disguised ayah came a pace nearer. Something in her stealthy movement, like the springing step of a tiger, rveninded Ber nice of the Ilindoo woman, and she knew hier under all her disguise. Tha young marchioness made a further retreat. "If you do not withdraw immediately," said her ladyship, "I shall ring this bell," Thu ayah fumebled in her pocket ani itrew forth a soiled cmlap of paper, on which soe words were written. Then she moved to. ward young Lady Chetwynd, extending the paper as she did so ; and Bernice's slhrlpeed vision caught the gleanm of a glass vial in the woman's hand. The young girl had conceived an awful terror of the stealthy linodoo. She knew that the woman had followed her iup to London with intent to kill her; and on the moment, as the woman thus approached her with the eztended document, the girl sprang back into her own room, and close. the door and bolted it, in a panic onfifright. The act announced to the litdos anvah that her identity was discovered, and that nothing temained for her bat retreat. She imade the retreat immediately, slipping back to her own room, and leaving her door ajar. She had barely thus hidden herself, when site heard a rut ling soound in the corridor, and beheld from tier glounti of her darkened roomt the tlowerful figure of Mrs. Crowl, as that person, laden with pare;l., passed into Lady Cletwynd's parlor. liernice hal told Mrs. Crowl o hler sinister visitor, but both supposed that the Hindoo woman had quitted the house, anl they did not consider it wise to raise a futile alaim. The various excitements of the evening had altogether prove. too much for liernice to endure cahluly, and she went to lher bedl. Mrs. Growl sat up to acquaint Monlk with the fact of the lUindoo woman's visit. Gilbert Monk was passing tihe door on his way to his own room about ten o'clock. when Mrs. Crowl, recognising his step. -rent out and called hii into L:uly Chetwynd's parlor. She told him of lingec's visit, and he listened in honrror and amazement. "It seems, then," said Monk, " that tile old Ilindoo witch has discovered liertice's assumed name. She mleust have followed up upi from Eastbourne to this very hotel. Sithe mne?s death to liernice. We mnust watch our charge. We will leave London ini tihe morning, and we must contrive to throw that witch off our tanil. If she were once to know the way to Mawr castle, Bernice would never Ihe safe. This is a bad business. I am uneasy- nfraid." lIe w:r.t ltp to his room with a gloom upon himit that he could not shahe oiff. Meanwhile Bernice, alone in Ilerown bed room, ewas not alecep. Sh,e was tihinking. Shite reviewed in detail all the events of( her short life. Site realised her tlesola:tion. She said to lerself thait she was forgotten by all who knew lier, and that there was no place for her on earth as B]ernice Chetwynd. Sie iishrank from living longer dependent upon Gilbert Monk. Silh lbelieved now that lie exIcteid a: recompentae for all his care of her i the shape of tiher hand in mIarriage. Loving lier hu.el andt with all her heart, she codlil lot t :::rry SMonk. i.And, strangely entough, now tlhat Monk haild avoweil for her a love deeper than the love of a brother, she began toshrink frcn, hitm and to feel a sense of repulsion agaiftt hint. She mist earn tier livingsoime time; why net herin at once ? She was filly competent to instruct ehildrrin ; why should she not do so I Site could nct retutrn to 2.::wr Castle, and MSln:k would not conlsent to allow her to, eave his care. Site ioesthen,Ihen, if she in leadell to help herself, got a=ay secretly. And itt stealing away froml those she be li.ved ,to be iher friends, Bernice believed tbhat she woulti also escape from the one she knew to to be hier einlty. She began to be in haste to be, golle. At daybreak Bernice was Ill) andt dressed. Mrs. Crawl had not visite1 hier during the niglht, and was noe slerping heavily in tIer own room on the otler side of the paIrlir. Be-rlnice had put on her travelling costume,i tiher only outer garments at coinlmitlt. Iler little brg bhd been- psellete by 31er. Crowl for travelling. Shte put ont her iat, andi then sat lioaon at her wi.:ndoi., cmiptiedi her pleketl.-bootk ili her lap, and coiunteld her stmall hoardl of mnruey, tilling that she eus ess.r.I soei. lifteen pltnis?. Sithe tut-ther hpoe!et.bsook in tier oisso:i, andl buttned iler drl:es anl j:cket over it. She tiedl un her scarf and her doubled gray grenaldine veil. She was all ready to :r.rt and biegat to lind a positive relief iln the llhought of battling with the world fur her brea:d. She waited a little till the thide of shop gills bhe*:m ':o more along l'ic:clily tow ardls iteg, nt Circus, a:d tihen, 6ith her heiar: thretbhin' wilily, ishe ui.se aitii utnfrasteaedi her dotr, and stole into her private parlor, bas in hand. iice could hear Mrs. Gcrowl lbrenthitg hlnvily. She cro?aed the Iloor and let lher sel, out into: the corridor. Gilb.rt Montik was sleilping in his room, anad oli ll:1 ee ots also asleep in heir ell:lber opposite, uOu?s piei:tis of the fact that her prey was esiap ing her. Bernice glidled down i'th-e staire unnitieeid. Shite paused in te lower hall. The door at theprivate entranc was opllen, and a boy was engaged in Ecoring thie dsone steps. As Bernice appelared, lie strag.gled out into the street to speak to a passing sheop-by, and young Lsady Chetwvynd ptassuld out at the open dotr into the street unchal lengetl.--(Ta Le Coniliet.,/.) T I!ElcI taos CC aR ScOitrl frther t.amed for his etrengtil, who was often challenged by people from a distance who had heard of his reputation. One day there arrived from London Lord D., a well-known amaleer puge!it. lie found the Scot working ill a field. "lriend," said his lodeship, after first Slying his horec to a tree, "I hveo come m long way to see which of us is the best wresatler." Without rayrlg a word the farmer seized him around the middle, pi:ched him over the hedge, ttad rec:umed his work. Hli lordship slowly gathered himself to gether, whereopon thle farmer said : " Well, have you anything more to say to me !" " No," reyplied Lord D., " but perhalis you'll he so good as th rewte me y hIore." SLn. IBi.Owsri l uned ofltren to speak to .risods of t.a ouly ocesan tin otthiceh he ever spokei to te quieen. Smte escars tgo, the late lDean, f Westmninstcr and Lady Augnts Stanley invited him amotg othllers to tea at the lDeanery to meet tih?e quacn, :lad Ciarlyle wsone otf thel paty. Tie quetn began to talk to Carlyle antd expreorsel her opinio?s on some maitter with which hle differed, r.nd lie, as ust;l, ontradicteid her and oileneedi her. Ad tie tqueen le[ the room, elo stopped Iat lthe door to epeak to Str. Brouwning and say good-lbye, remarkingg: "Whati a very extresordinary man Mr. Carlylo ia ! Does het always talk like that 1 Iteve, met him before." SMr. Brpwrliig was only able to assure her that it was hit invariable custom. SAscone i told of a certain mayor of Cork who headed a deputation to the late Emperor Sof the French, and commenced an oration to I his majesty in what he conceived to be the s French tongue. 1 "l'ardon mu," said the emperor, after he had listened to the epeech with much C patience; "English I know fairly well; but Iregret "o say, I havso never had an oppor Stunity of studyiog the Irish language." e ItesnzLi :"I saw 2lr. IKendall in 'A Scrip of 'Paper' the other night." Dazzler : S" And they call her a moral woman I Well, I should like to see my wife exhibiting hrescli in that make-up." Two Ihishmen walking along Sutter etreel e seopped under a sign printed in Hebrew leb ters. ' An' what's that, Malite?" aoked one. S"Begorra, I diuno bt et Oi hadslmoi flute, htng me et Oi wuldn', troi to play it." THe difflireneco between a bathelor and a s banker is that one ia uloneeome fellow and the other is a loan sum fellow. 