Preach and English. Women. To bo a wife is everywhere and always a -woman's trne vocation. Her proper plaoo is, undoubtedly, home ; her natural office is to be the mother ef children. Every other goal is foreign toherinstinots, repugnant to her nature. But nocosiity hnowa no law ; and women, like everyone else, must take things as they are. If for every tenth or twentieth woman in the land there is, in the natnrc of things, neither home nor husband, she must needs accept her fate, whether she likes it or no, and if sho bo a wise woman, though it is a hard saying, make the host of it. There is a hitoh somewhere in our sooial arrangements. Not only are marriageable women in England far in excess in point of numbers to marriageable men, but men in certain ranks of sooiety, who might and ought to marry, shrink from committing matri mony as if it were worso than a sin — a sooial blonder. For this unhappy state of things, women, it must be confessed, are in pact to blame. Their follioa and extravagant habits and tastes lead men to believe that "tho girl of tho period" would never become, at any rate, a glad and willing helpmeet- to a man in the straggle for life, for it is only the fortunate few who nro exempt from tho battle which is tho lot of the majority oi men, at all events in the beginning of their caroer. Marriage therefore, is postponed, not merely until men have secured a modest home for themrelves— such as in their day their mothers had gladly acoiptei and adorned, though the girl of to-day disdains suoh modest preferment — but until their fortuue is built up, and their house is as luxurious as that of the fcrido elect's father. To postpone the hope and thought ot marriage, until suoh a time is too often, sb the world knows, to dispense with marriage altogether. Other habits are contracted ; other arrangements are entered into ; the freshness and purity of life i- dissipated or lost. To put in this or any other way a clog on the matrimonial wheel ia a fatal mistake. U?n and women are alike to blame. There is no use in crying over spilt milk. Woman to- day has to front her position, to look faots steadily in the faoe, to remove or lessen the obstacles whioh beset what, from the necessity of things, apart from any fault or folly of her own, must needs too often bo her lonely pathway in life. "Be minimis non curat lex." But to-day, un happily, law or sooiety has to deal not with a few women only whose footing, by fault or ill- fortune, has keen deprived oi its natural plauk over the rough waters of life, but of a vast and increasing multitude, left by tho necessity of things husbnndless and homeless, and thrown, for the most port, on tho labour of their own hands or brains in the bitter struggle for exist ence. Hence comes properly and naturally in our day the emancipation of women from the social and legal restraints and disabilities which their mothers bore without murmur or complaint, without even a wish for escape from tho thraldom of mau, their master. Wo have, however, no patienoe with.-J the " shrieking sisterhood," which is the first, and, perhaps, most nnpleasant outcome of woman's emancipation. Such women nusex themselves to no purpose. Far from promoting, as thay pretend, the independence of woman, they only retard its progress by their blatant folly and extravagance. The shrieking sisterhood has not the ghost of a chance in France, where ridicule still kills and where, moreover, woman is far more indenendent and self-reliant than in England. Women and her affairs are, like so many other things, much better managed in France than with us. In the first place, it is not the exception, but the rule, to provide every girl, from tho highest to the lowest— excluding, of coarse, tho helpless poor — with a marriage dowry suitable to her sta tion in life. The French artisan or peasant, with creditable foresight and self-denial, makes it a duty on the birth of a daughter to set aside eveiv year so much of his wages or earnings as may suffice to provide the necessary dot, withont which almost no woman expects to be tought in marriage. Marriage in Prance is as much a matter of business as of love, if not more. As a rule, business does net follow as ia England, but precedes the love-miking. Only when the father of a girl, bo he pear or peasant, is satisfied with the pecuniary prospects or position of the suitor to her hand, and the suitor, au his pait, has been made acquainted with the exact amount of the daughter's marriage dot, is a serious courtship permitted. Of course there may bo covert flirtations, for who shall prevent a youngwoman, pretty or otherwise, from flirting? The admiration of men is to her as the breath oi her nostrils. But girls in France, as well as their parents, look upon marriage, as their brothers do upon the choice of a profession or trade, as a matter of business, and are content to allow or expect love — too often, alas, a vain ex pectation — to follow npon the heels cf a duty arranged bargain. There is no pretence or attempt at secrecy or concealment in the whole transaotion. In France, Cupid's arrow is tipped with gold. French girls with a dot, however humble, do not lightly throw them selves away on the first comer, and besides, they know that comers are more frequent in this self-seeking generation when a woman haB something to recommend hor to their attention beyond her beauty, her intriusio worth, or her domestic virtues. The French people are ept at denouncing us as hypocrites, especially in regard to our marrying and giving in marriBge ; and they go so far as to declare— and wo are forced to confess, not without some justice— that fashionable marriages in English society are too often even more a matter of barter and sale than with themselves. But they do us lees than justice in regarding tho respect in whioh tho marriage bond is .still held ia England as another evidence of Eaglish hypocrisy. We might retort, were we so minded, by taxing Frenchmen with being cynical in the open and public avowal and dis play of marital profligacy. At the worst, hypocrisy in England is a tribute whioh vice pays to publio virtue. Another advantage which woman in France has over woman in England, is her business aptitudes and habits, induoed by early cnt careful -training. Thrown upon her own re sources, by accident or misfortune, or by mis conduct in herself or others, Bhe falls npon he- feet. She is far more handy and self-reliant than an Englishwoman under like diroum- stances. Should, moreover, no suitable partner offer himself in marriage, or should she prefer the independence of unmarried life, her allotted dowry, however humble, would serve as aapital to start herself in \- business. I ho large and successful part which women take in various trades and bu-i- nesses in France deserves more aitention than it las received in England, where the oponiagi dor women to earn a livelihood are so few and so overstocked. It is no uncommon thing, even for a married woman, to sts-t in busineis on hor own account, and even when she is not conducting a business of her own, a French woman is commonly consulted by her husband, who is not ashamed or afraid to ooufide to her his business arrangements or pursuits, or even his pecuniary lasses or embarrass ments Such a community of interests sup plies a bond of union even if love bo absent from tho domestio hearth, but in any oase it gives to the woman a widbr experience of life, and makes her a more fit and interesting companion to her husband. In England, for the most part, women are unhappily deprived of this community of interests and companion ship in the parsits of men. They are thrown baok upon their own reaanroos, and of neces sity lead a narrower and more vacant life; nnsympalhetio, ont of tonch, not altogether of their own fanlt, with the occupa tions and interests of their men folk. Another ontlet for superfinons or unemployed energies, whioh the women in France possess, is their conventual life. It is a common mistake to suppose that only the disappointed or de spondent take rofnge in.a convent. On the contrary, the Sister of Charity is as self-reliant as she is self-denying, and in robustness of character like unto the woman who staets in business on her own account — with this difference, that . the former of choioe £ Irenes a higher ideal, adopts by grace a ghor life. What, woman in England most stands in need of to-day, ia a wider experience of lifo and and its affairs, a praotical knowledge of business, only to be gained by a closer Jamilianty with tho pursuits of her father, brother, or husband. Then, if overtaken by misfortune, or thrown homeless and husband- less on her own resonroes, she will not drift, as SB too often the case now, like a rndderlesi ship down the rough waters of lifo. — Loudon paper. 