HOME. ALLOCUTION OP HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII. DELIVSUBD IK THE SECMST CONSISTORY UHLD OK 30lU DECEMDEB, 1880. Venerable Brethren,—A timely consolation has lately reaohed us from the remote shores of Amerioa, and also from Switaerland. The Catholios have obtained what they have so oarnestly sought for, and havo quite recently foundod by their own efforts at "Washington, at Ottawa, and also at Fribourg, educational institutions for higher learning, laying down as an inviolable law of their existence that the safety of tho faith (hall be inseparable from oulture, and that youths shall be trained to religious praotioe no less than to the cultivation of knowledge. We are well aware what thanks are due, in the first plaoe, to the bishops for their foresight * And their preservanoe, and then to the | co-operation of private - J ! - : J both will the praise _ made, by their united — •els, for the great benefit of the Stato, ab yell aa for that of tho Church, this important provision: — " We discern, venerable brethren, what the future fruit will be of such enterprises; and the nought is moat oheering to us that the Catholic name, doubly defended, both by the laws and by the equitable judgments ot will be free to make a rapid progten in these oitioB." This somewhat happy state of things abroad makes yet more bitter the knowledge of those things whioh aro happening near home. For fcere our enemies never oeaie to attaok tht Church, and are even daily heooming more bold; nor are thoy ashamed openly to glory in their crime. This is woll shown by the words of a public man who, lately speaking to a crowded assembly, gathered for this very purpose, pointed out oloarly what the rulers of Italy think and what thoy intend concerning the Church and tho Korean Pontificate. So also in tho oity of Rome wero tho liko words heard in June, whon it was sought by unwontod and noisy expressions not so much to show honour to a deserter as to heap dis honour on the Churoh. It is, therefore, easily perooived that everywhere the opinions of men are inclining to the same direotion, and that all have the same object, namely, to raiso enmity against an anoiont religion, and by tho help and loadorship of evil soots to sever the wholo Italian nation, if possible; from the bosom of the Church. You oloarly dotoot, venerable brethren, theso opinions full of audacity and insolence. Tho rights of the lloman Pontiffs are attacked in tho very oity of Rome, and are so impaired in the minds of men that thoy are said to bo of no greater importanoo than that which is generally ascribed to the affairs of royal houses. That whioh has boon snatohed from us it is attomptod to confer upon its new possessors with a firm and enduring right, as if foroo and wrong aould be a foundation of right. It would be altogothor superfluous to onumerate here the unique titles upon whioh tho Holy Boo asserts, and will ever assert, its right to tho Oity of Rome. Nor is there need to romind you of tho naturo of tho civil principality of tho Roman Pontiffs, which, since its object is to safeguard tho liborty and dignity of tho apoatoljo administration, rests upon a foundation ontirely peculiar to itself, and different from that of all other principalities. But wo cannot, and ought not to pass over altogether in silence these renowod attacks upon tho Holy See. But in tho attack upon our rights, we do not proposo as an end so much to proserve that which is porishable, we look to that whioh is greater and higher, for we wish to prosorvo tho Christian faith in its integrity, as it bohovos us ; for its safety is threatened, when thoy who rulo tho peoplo assign to the State as duty to ftfiHort tho supremacy of the human reason, so that obscurity being set up, there remains nothing but to reject totally what has been delivered by God, and to oponly revolt froih the Church. Therefore the questipn in debate is not merely that tho Stato should have no one religion' more influential than another, and that it should dispense equality of right to each one without distinction, in which matter in truth this very equality is iniquitous and highly pernicious ; but it is their good pleasure to harass tho name of Catholics by a public proclamation of war, and to unito counsols and forces with the worst enemies of Jesus Christ. It may seem hardly crediblo that matters should havo roachod such a pass, and this, moreovor, in tho Italian people, who, by the gift of God, at a very early time, beheld the light of Christian truth, and was both Bonsiblo of and religiously preserved for tho space of nineteen centuries, tho vory great and altogether special benefits of the .Divine goodness. But tho fact is before our oyes. And they do not, indeed, speak more threateningly than thoy act; further, by overy means they endeavour to carry out their plans, ana for this reason thoy do not cease to turn aside the due oourBe of institutes and laws to the injury of the Churoh. The 1st of January next will bring with it, as you know, the beginning of tho New Penal Law. When, last year, this law was being deliberated upon by the Legislative Assembly, we, on our part, in this very place, did not, as was our duty, omit* to censure those points which, under the appearance of chastising license, really aim at diminishing the just liberty of the clergy, and obstruct* ing their work. In this we said that a vory groat disparagement would be done to the Church, which, divinely constituted after the model of' a perfect society, is independent (m juris), and ought ougftt not, in exercise of ot its us duties, auties, to lie be subjected to any oommand of men. At the same time we complained that ad — — " -i""- K iT,,T f A authority of sacred right, special law! wore being established with speoial severity. And, nevertheless, these laws, with very little alteration in their bearing, were approved of and paased. Wo, therefore, mindful of our apostolio office, renew, now that the injury has been done, those suae expostulations which we made when it waaibegun. But you see that another wound arising out of this one is threatening the Churoh. We understand that a law hai been proposed about charitable institjuitious (rfe Optribit* JPiit)' whioh ihpy have just lately approved of by a hasty 1 this very law they themselves admit has been laid as the stepping-stone to other things, namoly, for wiping out from tho institutions of statos all traces of religion. The arrangement of the law agroos, indeed, with a plan of that kind, for tho force of it is, in tho first place, partly to destroy whatever institution has been founded for charitable purposes, partly to change it into another shape and nature, so that it evidently appears that by means of so great an alteration the overthrow of institutions that have been founded will most truly be effocted. But above all else this is neither in harmony with kindness nor justice, that almost everything that has been fdunded or left by will for divine worship, for the repose of the departed, or for providing dowries for girls aspiring to communities of nuns—that for this very reason these thingB should bo considered as passing to others and as empty, and smould be turned to other use»! In this it is very evident that the wishes of tho founders are violated, especially because they assigned their money to those very intentions which are recited and under no considerations to others. And these oses, sinco they belong to religion, ae relief of the souls of the faithful departed, to the perfection of virtue, are by nature as immutable and perpetual as those rights and dutieB which ioin man to God. But this also we can by no means pass over in silence, that to the Committees of Ten for presiding over the administra tion of money for relief, almost all persons, not exen excepting women, may bo lawfully elected, DUt parish priests may not. And this determination it has boon their good pleasure so to record on tho account of the well known affection of the parish priests towards their bishops and tho Roman Pontiff; so that it should not be possible to doubt with what intention, and for what purpose, they have devised this law of which we are speaking. No doubt they say that this bcnofaction should be called lay, in order that it may be more acceptable; for thoy add, persons in misfortune usually accept with greater bashfulness, and have less courage when they feel that they are in the presence of Christian charity. But it is a sad thing that there should be found among Christians people who bo greatly err to their estimate of that virtue, which is tho chief and the queen of the rest. For, indoed, a sincere will of assisting onr fellow-oreaturcs cannot spring up except from the inmost sense of kindlydisposition ; butitis only possible that this should reside, if not solely, at loast chiefly in the breasts of those who look upon each one as another self, and love them in the place of brothers; who acknowledge that others equally with themselves have been born of God as their Father, and who have been equally redeemed by tho blood of Jesus Christ, and have been called to the same happiness in heaven. Moreover, Jesus Christ so lovingly embraces the poor and unfortunate so as to reckon acts of kindness due to them as laid up with Himself, and to consider Himself to be placed under an obligation by the good dead. Since, then, charity is accompanied by theBo feelings, she is so far from breaking the spirits of those in distress, that she rather raises them to so great a dignity of oharacter, such as man without the light of heavenly doctrine could not imagine even in thought. Now, in truth, charity of these dispositions may in vain be sought for outside the Church of God, since Jesus Christ has left her the sole heir of His wisdom, discipline, and graccs. She also at all times has given very great proofs of how well sho has been accustomed both, to give heed to the counsels of her divine founder, and to imitate His examples. Is there any kind of woe that the Chnrch has not been zealous to relieve, not only with maternal affection, but also with surpassing forethought and watchfuless P Thus, especially by her work and authority, or at least by her counsel, her kindness, her protecting care, relief suitable to varying calamities have been found everywhere in the world, but Vnore numerous in those places where the Church is more flourishing, and the seal for Christian virtues is greater. Distinguished by this glory has Italy been, whioh, by retaining th6 Catholio faith untarnished through prosperity and adversity, has been at all times most plentifully productive of good deeds of this kind. For this reason it is all the more unnatural and unworthy of the Italian race to have wished to snatch away from the Churoh the posf sibility of exeroising public benefioenoe They had alleged, indeed, that revenue were squandered or badly applied; buj the light of truth burst forth from t quarter whence they would least hav] wished it. The inquiry instituted abou the administration brilliantly refuted thi falsely fabricated aoousation. i In the meanwhile, to fill up thl measure of insult, those who came to have the civil administration have insolently thrust themselves into the administration of 9&cred; property. You easily see my allusion, Venerable Brethren. I allude to the attaok made in these very last months upon Aloysius, Titular Bishop of Trow, and Ordinary of Aquaviva and Altamura, You all know what was done. First the Bishop of Troas was forbidden the use of the property of both churchos; then he was removed from his rank and cast forth from his house; the care of those churches was at the same time bestowed on another man, just as if the matter was a purely civil one, and was under the arbitrary oontrol of the political authority. By this, not only were the laws of the Church broken, but tho essential rights of our Pontifical Primacy wero violated. We, therefore, resent such an injury with great sorrow of heart, and we stigmatise and reject by our Apostolic authority all that has been deorced or carried out by force in this matter. As to the clergy and people of those churches, we admonish both in tho Lord to seriously weigh what duty domands of them/ Even as justice requires ttfat they should render a ready obedience in matters of a civil kind to the political authority, so in those which appertain to the care of SOUIB they cannot be subject to any other authority except that of ourselves and of those who rule them by a legitimate title, unless, whioh God forbid, they wish to separate from this centre of the Catholic unity. And now, before proceeding to do-, signato the bishops who will fill the sees of the vacant churches, wo now, for the greater glory of God, and the welfare of the Church, create two excellent persons Cardinals of the Holy Roman Churoh, whose names we, nevertheless, for proper reasons, reserve in pcctorn, to be published when we seo fitting, with the dispensations, abrogations, and formal clauses due and requisite.—In the name of the Father, ana of the Son, t and of the Holy t Ghost. Amen. 