The public has not been told the pre cise object of the great Miklura picnic, and, seeing that the arrangement was semi-private, we have, perhaps, no right to enquire. But, as the guests arrived in Mildura on Friday at noon and left again on Saturday morning, it is safe to conclude that the object of the trip was accomplished without in volving the physical fatigue of a critical examination of the irrigation colony. Nevertheless there were mem bers of Parliament in plenty, and two Victorian Ministers of. the Crown. There was much amicable demonstra tion, and not a little speechifying, all of which, by some means or other, was invested with a general—we might say a political—significance. There is no doubt that the settlers of Mildura see a grand future before them, and it is 'in evidence that their anticipations are reasonable. It is also plain that the development of this irrigation colony is largely dependent upon its means of speedy and cheap. communi-. cation with the ports and the centres of population in the colony. The great waterway of the Murray is in many respects sufficient and valuable, but those who have cast in their lot with the Mildura settlement, see clearly enough that the place will never make the progress it. might and ought to make until it is connected with Mel bourne by railway. And without in any way disrating the hospitality of the conveners of the parliamentary picnic, who seem indeed to have studied in every way the comfort and •convenience of their guests, we may fairly assume it to have been ex pected that a sight of the pos sibilities of Mildura, and of the obstacles which block the realisation of those possibilities, would go far to convince the parliamentary members that a line to Mildura would represent a valuable means of national develop ment. There is fair justification for such a view. The experiment of utilizing the great Mallee fiats which fiank the Murray, has succeeded so well that it already ranks a3 an achieved success. A success too of a kind which means the addition of new and fertile provinces to the colony of Victoria, the growth of hew industries which will vastly increase our national wealth, the provision of healthy and profitable occupation for thousands upon thousands of workers, and the settlement of an agricultural popula tion on the land. The work done at Mildura, and its results, warrant the hope that all these objects will be accomplished. That which was erstwhile a profitless wilder ness, overspread by uncouth growths of niallee, is being transformed into a big national estate of orchards and vineyards. In the rich promise of their fruit trees and vines tHe occu pants see a certainty of a thriving and ever increasing industry. They natu rally expect to, by and bye, supply the cities and towns of Victoria with fresh and preserved fruits, and all the vari ous good things winch can be grown by well-informed and intelligent gar deners and fruiterers, but they are sadly conscious that their opportuni ties will jpe heavily... discounted on account of their wide distance from the nearest railway. And, therefore, they want a railway of their own. All this Mr Patterson no doubt knew very well. It would not have been gracious of him to have bluntly told the Mildura folks that they would have to whistle—or to wait, which is much the same thing—for their railways. Neither would it have been seemly for him to have intro duced a wholly new Government policy by a side-wind. The Commissioner of Customs steered a middle course with much dexterity. Recognising the splendid future which seems assured to the irrigation colony, and paying, a well-deserved compliment to the energy and enterprise of the occu pants, he suggested that they should take steps to build a railway of their own. He clearly inti mated that the Victorian railways were outgrowing the capacity of the State to regulate or control them, and distinctly implied that the Government would very soon be constrained to relegate further railway construction to private enterprise. He was careful to explain that in all this he spoke his individual and not his official senti ment, but we may fairly conclude that his view of the case has been considered and adopted—unofficially of course— by the more important of his colleagues. We may go so far as to believe that Mr Patterson deliberately threw up this political straw at the instigation, or at least with the full concurrence of his brother Ministers. And if he did, what wonder? Our. Railway Department, as it is, must he to the Government a threatening ghost which they have raised, but do not know how to lay. TJp to a certain point railway patronage was to Minis ters a pleasant and a profitable thing. An arrangement in virtue of which members were able to placate constituents, under which Minis ters could secure votes in the House, and under which a very unholy offensive and defensive alliance came into existence between depart mental officials and members and Ministers alike, was an excellent thing—for a while. Latterly it has been growing dangerous. Ministers realise that between the department and the House they are between Satan aud the deep sea. They dare not go on as they have been going for fear of national impeachment. They dare not draw back for fear of an immediate hostile vote, which would mean their political destruction. Mr V. A. Zeal, M.L.C., has issued a series of figures showing the increase of Victorian debt during the past seven years. Taking Sth March, 1883, as a starting point be gives our public debt at that date as £22,507,950. On 18th February, 1886, not quite throe years later, it had swollen to £25,528,027, the increase being £6,320,097. By 30th June, 1889, or a little more than three years later the debt had increased to £37.627,382, or £5,799,355 more than at the commencement of the later interval. The period covered by Mr Zeal’s figures is 7 years 2 months and 14 days, and during this term the Victorian public debt increased £19,119,432, or at the rate of £2,653,459 per year, and leaving the gross amount on 21st May at £41,627,352. To this there must be added municipal loans, which in September, 1883, stood at £776,683, and in September, ISSB, at £2,062,327. Next come mortgages and liens, which in .December, ISB3, were returned at £6,021,120, and on 31st December, 18SS, at £16,772,497. Harbor Trust loans had a blank page in 1883, but in 1889 there were entries to the amount of a million and a half, and the tramway loan for a similar amount dates within the period under review. Adding all the figures together we get a gross public debt of £64,062,206, or an in crease in seven years of £34j756,363. The Government expenditure’in .1883 was £5,651,555, and in 1889 £5,015,909, representing a yearly in crease of £2,364,024. The figures are certainly large, and the rapid rate of increase is significant. It is a little startling to find that of our large public debt more, than half has, been incurred during the past seven- years. Mr Zeal has added the last four mil lion loan, hut this he could fairly do, as it is understood to he already prac tically spent. Still no very striking moral can be drawn from the figures until we know what has .been done with the, money. We may set aside municipal loans, mortgages, Harbor Trust and tramway borrowings as being legitimately. incurred, and fully covered by the securities pledged for them. And when we come to. our public debt proper, we want to know how much of the £41,672,382 is laid out on reproductive works. All this must be pointed out before the figures can convey any political lesson. It is inevitable that, in a growing colony, the current expenses of administration must be on a steadily increasing scale. More telegraph and post-offices are wanted every year, more schools, more harbor works, and more gaols. The statement prepared by Mr Zeal would have been more valuable had he speci fied the leading items of expenditure. But if we estimate the expenditure on our railways at 30 millions and assume that they are paying something more than interest on capital cost, and if we deduct the items in the account which, if not directly reproductive were abso lutely unavoidable, we shall find the amount as to the disposition of which , there may be a conflict • of opinion much smaller than- a first glance at the figures would luggest. Mr Zeal compares Victoria with Canada, which dominion with a population nearly five times repeated, lias a public debt of 48 millions against our 64, and he points out that while we have increased our national liabili ties by 34J millions, the British debt has been reduced 574 millions. The comparisons, however, prove nothing. It is not the amount of debt or its relation to population which matters,- but the use to which the borrowed money is applied.- Parliament will be re-opened this after noon at 2 o'clock. At the steps of Parlia ment Houses his Excellency will be received by a guard of honor consisting of 100 rank and file, with a proportion of officers and non commissioned officers, of the'Victorian Artil lery. An escort from the Victorian Horse Artillery will parade at Government House at 130 p. ii*. to escort Lord Hopetouu to and from Government House. • At the conclusion: of the ceremony in the Legislative Council both Houses of Parliament' will : adjourn until 4 30 p.m. On the Counc.il re-assembl ing the address iu reply will be moved by Mr J. M. Davies and seconded by Mr D. Mel ville; ami in the Assembly Mr Best will sub mit a similar motion, and Mr J. N. Dunn, the representative of Ballarat East, has been selected as a seconder. The final arrangements for-“ Arbor Day," which will be celebrated on Friday next as beiug the nearest available- day to the Queen’s Birthday, have been made. On the plan sent to each ratepayer who has con sented to plant a tree is a notification uf the ■position in which the tree he is supposed to plant will be situated. When completed, the avenues will form very picturesque aud pleasant carriage drives, and provision is also made for au artificial lake and a fine oval or circle for football and cricket pur poses. Over 1000 citizens and others have accepted invitations to take part in the ceremony. The holes are all prepared for the trees, and at half-past 11 o’clock on Friday the work of planting will bo started simultaneously all over the ground; to the sound of the bugle.' It, is expected this part of the ceremony will be over within half au hour. There will be no speech-making ou the ground, but in the evening a meeting will be held in the Alfred Hull, when speeches suitable to the occasiou will be given. A largely attended meeting of the Tailoresses' .Union was held last evening at the Trades’ Hall. Mr J. W. Marsdeu, pre sident, occupied the chair. Several uew members were elected, and the secretary was instructed to write letters of thanks to the geutlemeu who assisted at the public meeting held on Monday night. It was also decided that members should not purchase any boots from a certain local firm. The decision of the Mayor of the City not to give a ball during his term of office has not been well received by the drapers, uiilliucrs, and dressmakers. It is also causing some commotion in social circles. There is a strong probability that if the mayoral gather ing dues not take place, a subscription ball will be arranged in its stead. A number of gentlemen have already notified their readiness to act as a committee to organise the gathering, and there is every prospect of its success if it is arranged. A letter was yesterday forwarded to the Phoenix Foundry Company by the secretary of the Trades anil Labor Council, informing them of the resolution arrived at on Monday night in reference to the nou-uuiou men em ployed. The following letter lias been received ' from Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., by the srere- j tary of the forthcoming Juvenile Industrial 1 Exhibition:—“ Henry Bradbury, secretary! Australian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition ! committee, Ballarat. Dear Sir, —I beg to j acknowledge receipt of your letter of the ! 6th inst., requesting me, ou behalf of your committee, to accept the position of presi dent during the forthcoming exhibition to j be held in your city in November next. I Please convey to the members of the com- j mittee my thanks for the compliment they . have paid me in asking me to fill the posi tion a second time, aud inform them that I have much pleasure in acceding to their re quest.—l am, dear sir, yours very truly, W, J. Clarke.” His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetouu have done the Mayor of the City, Cr Little, the honor of requesting him to plant four trees for them and their two children on “ Arbor Day.” j We are requested to direct attention to an ; advertisement in auother column announcing 1 that all the drapery and tailoring establish- ! ments will he closed all day Friday next, in j place of Saturday, the Queen’s Birthday. ] This is of esppeial importance to people i living in the country. ] The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite met with an awkward accident last night, tie was driving to Magpie to preach, and when a little past ; the Bible Christian Church on the Sebasto- ' pol road, the front axle suddenly suapped, I and the fore part of the vehicle came to the I ground., Fortunately no other damage was . done, and through the kind assistance of a young man the damaged buggy was dragged aivny to a place of safety, but the delay j rendered it impossible for the rev. gentleman to get to the place of service in time. j The butchers of Ballarat have decided to forego their, usual Wednesday half-holiday ! this week, and have one instead on Friday, ' in commemoration of the Queen’s Birthday. : Housewives will therefore do well to bear in ‘ mind that all the butchers’ Shops will be opeu the whole of to-day and closed next Friday afternoon. i At the City Police Court yesterday morn ing a mini mimed Robert Ward was charged ■■ with having used obscene language in a public place. The accused, who has a long record of previous minor offences, was fined £5, in default six weeks’ imprisonment. Ward asked for time to pay the money, statiug that he bad no ambitiou to go to gaol, and there was uo fear of his run- ; ning away, as he ivas a “ public man.” The bench allowed him seven days to pay his fine. The deadlock in the Forestry Department iu dealing with the cut timber on the forest reserves, caused by the want of a tape to measure the wood, lias come to an end. The i publicity given to the want of this little article has induced the department to lay out the necessary shilling or two. The timber is now ready, and the work of selling i will be commenced in a few days. _ j Mr Frank Lincoln, the Americau humorist, gave another of his inimitable and enjoyable entertainments last night iu the Mechanics’ : Institute. His jokes and mimicries excited ' roars of laughter, and after two hours of un alloyed pleasure he dismissed bis audience, ! whose only regret was that the entertain ment did not last for at least another hour, ; This was Mr Lincoln’s farewell appearance, I as he is now on his way through China aud '■ Japan to America. j The preparations for the thirty-seventh : anniversary of the Lydiard street Wesleyan : Sundny school, which commences on Sunday ; next, are favorably progressing. The officers ! are calling ou the aunual subscribers for J donations to the funds of the school. ' Last ! year the amount received from this source '■ was £4O 15*. The total profit of last year’s I anniversary was £IOS 4’. The report to be presented this year shows an increase in the average attendance of 137. Yesterday after noon the scholars who are being trained in : elocution by Mr J. Crean rehearsed the 1 pieces , to be giveu at the demonstration. I This evening a rehearsal of the hymns for ] Sunday next will take place, when the orchestral band will be present. | Mr. Quong Tart, the well-known Chinese merchant of Sydney, invited the members of the Australian Methodist Conference now in session in Sydney, to take tea with him at his rooms yesterday. Two persons were dealt with at the City Police Court yesterday for drunkenness. A number of debt cases were also disposed of. Messrs Permeivan and Smith, J’s.P., were the presiding magistrates. A young man named Phillip Henry Crocker, living in Eyre street, had his leg broken by a fall of reef at the Sir Henry Loch mine yesterday. He was at once taken to the Hospital, where lie was admitted to the casualty ward. The same afternoon a lad named Jeremiah M'Grath, living at Warrenheip, was also treated at the Hos pital for a sprained ankle, the result of a fall from a height. The funeral of Mia Eddy, mother of Captain Eddy, of the Ballarat Battalion, took place yesterday afternoon at Beaufort, and was largely attended by residents of the district. The Rev. Mr Eddy, Baptist minis ter, of Femvick street church, Geelong, con ducted service at the grave. James Atkinson, the jockey who was ad mitted to the Hospital on Sunday, sufferiug from the effects of a kick from a horse he was attending to at Miners’ Rest, died yesterday. Several of the young man’s ribs were broken, and the jagged ends pierced his lutiga, causing internal hemorrhage, which ended in bis death. The man James Anderson, alias James Williams, alias James Pickup, was yesterdny brought before the. Town Police Court and \ committed for trial on a charge of having • coining appliances iu his possession. Mr Inspector Parkinson prosecuted for tho crown, bat the prisoner was undefended. The hearing of the case lasted three hours. The accused reserved his defence. Anderson paid great attention to, the evidence, ami display and considerable acumen in cross-ex amining the witnesses on what he considered weak points in the evidence. A report of the case ispublished in to-day’s paper, Messrs Turpieand Gale, J’s.P., were the pre siding magistrates. The Hon. J. L. D.iw, M.L.A., ex-M mister of Linds, passed through Ballarat last night from Stawell, en route for Melbourne. Mr Dow has been visiting portions of the elec torate he represents, where great sympathy was ..expressed for him under the painful circumstances in which he finds himself placed. Mr Dow expresses himself confi dent cf the issue of the proceedings taken against him. On Friday evening next • those, popular artists, tiio Darrells, will commence a season of seven nights at the Academy of Music. An entirely original and romantic drama, written by Mr George Darrell, and entitled “The New Rush,” will be presented on the occasion, for the first time in Ballarat. - This play has been highly successful throughout Australia and New Zealand, and is spoken of as one of the most powerful dramas that Mr Darrell has ever written. The Darrells will be supported by the full strength of Messrs MacMahon’s dramatic company, which in cludes Miss Maud Appleton, Miss Mabel Tracy, Miss Ethel M‘Kay, Messrs F. C. Appleton, Frank Voltaire, A. Rolfe, Chas. -Thompson, R. Rede, X. Pollard, G. Chalmers, and A. Biteman. In addition to “The New Rush,” the following plays will also be produced:—“ Mr Potter of Texas,” “East Lynne,” and the wonderfully suc cessful drama, “ The Sunny South." The plays will he mounted with new and beauti ful scennry and effects. As the Darrells are great favorites with local playgoers, the short season should be very successful. A Masonic ball in aid of the Ballarat and district Masonic charities is proposed. The attendauce of all worshipful masters, past musters, and officers is requested at a meet ing to be held this evening, at 8 o’clock, at the Masonic Hull, Camp street, in reference to the matter. The Alfred Hall will, no doubt, be well patronised on Saturday night, as Mi H. J. Burton’s monster choir is to render another splendid programme of new temperance music. The committee of the now popular People’s Meetings are to be congratulated on their success in enlisting the co-operation of so many of our best nmateur vocalists who from time to time appear at these weekly gatheiiugs, aud whose efforts are appre ciated by the large audiences they meet. In I addition to the new songs to be rendered on Saturday night, the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, a speaker new to these meetings, but whose ability is highly spoken of, will deliver an address. The remains of the late Mrs D-iuoellau, wife of Mr Tnoinas Donuelhin, of Black Hill, were - yesterday interred in the Gordou Cemetery. The funeral was very largely attended, the cortege after the hearse and mourning coaches including 120 private vehicles and a very large number of horse men. The coffin-bearers .were , Messrs Murphy, M.L.A., D. Bropliy, J.P., J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., P. J. Slattery, R. Foley, aud J. Moore. The Rev. Father O'Donohue officiated at the grave, and Mr Stephen Wel lington conducted the funeral. Mr C. Suinsbury, ex- secretary >of the Ballarat Butchers Employes Association, was the subject of a very pleasant experience last night. At a meeting of tliat body last night, at Chiunery’s hotel (Mr J. Fre mantle in the chair), the late secretary was presented with a handsome gold locket, in recognition of his labors on behalf of the members. The association is only a young -one, but the members felt that they could not allow MrSaiusbury to take bis departure for Melbourne without some recognition being made of his efforts on their b.-half. The chairman, in making the presentation, referred to Mr Salisbury's labors in con nection with the forming of the union and since. He remarked that all felt that it was largely due to the recipient’s indefatig able efforts that the association is uow on a Bound basis. They wished him every suc cess wherever he might go. Mr' Sainsbury suitably responded, expressing the wish that the Ballarat Union might continue to pros per, and to hold the position it now did in the good wishes of the employers. Several other toasts suitable to the occasion were liouored, and the intervals were agreeably filled in by songs and recitations. Altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. A meeting of the members of the late Soldiers’ Hill Drum and Fife Band was held last night at the Trades Hall. Mr T. Bradley, late bandmaster, occupied the chair. It \vns unanimously decided to keep in remembrance the old band by holdiug a social evening at an early date. Messrs T. Bradley, W. H. Westwood, H. Bradley, W. H. Manuel, aud D. Walker were appointed a committee to make all arrange ments in connection with the affair. Any old members or friends of the late band desirons of participating in the gathering are requested to co.miiiuuicate with auy member of the above committee. The R. M.S. Oroya sailed from Adeluide at 6 p.m. yesterday for Melbourne. Mrs T. Donnellau, whose remains were yesterday interred in the Gordou Cemetery, as reported elsewhere, died from iufiamiua tioc of the lungs, supervening on iufiuenza. The lady, ivho leaves a large family, was very highly respected iu the district in which she resided. Mr Donnellan, who is a well-kiiown farmer, is at present laid up with influenza, and his illness, we are in formed, prevented his attendauce at the funeral of the wife. The death of Mrs Dnunellnu has caused deep regret iu a wide circle. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Ballarat Horticultural Society will be held in the assembly room, Alfred Hall, at 8 o'clock this evening. The retiring com mittee meet at 7 o’clock. The Beaufort. Fire Brigade have decided to hold a competition among themselves on 2nd July, on the evening of which day their annual social will take place. There was a blank charge-sheet at the Smytbesdale Police Court yesterday. Iu counection with the recent ceremony of laying the four corner stones of the Masonic Hall, at Creswick, so pleased were some of the visiting brethren with the proceedings that they generously forwarded cheques for various amounts to assist the members of the Havilah Lodge in their responsible under taking. Among those received by Bro. H. Jebb, secretary to the building fund, are £lO 10s from Bro. E. Steinfeld, P.J.G.W.; £lO Bro. J. H. Reed, Ballarat, and other smaller amounts. As the trustees will have to borrow money to complete the building, these donations are very acceptable. While I am glad to see that there are some people who maintain that the tightness of money at present is unexplainable on any fair and reasonable grounds, I am still fain (writes the Melbourne correspondent of th« Ararat Advertiser) to maintain the opinion that.there is a strong foundation for uneasi ness. The failure, too, of the Premier Permanent Building Society has served to heighten this, and to raise the natural question—Hoiv are we to know that other and similar societies are not pursuing the same course ? In addition to the Premier the one or two uoticeable mercantile failures we have had lately have not tended to re-assure people. All this causes money to grow tighter and tighter, till now it is almost .im possible to negotiate anything like a decent loan. And on the top of this comes the rumor that the bark of another large firm is perilously near the breakers. If it does go ithiust inevitably bring smaller craft to ruin with it, and then something like a panic may set in. he lnrgte number of applications for the vacant Inspectorships of Mines (says the Herald) have been reduced to a few, and the selected ones are now being interviewed seriatim by the Secretary of Mines, and those chosen will be appointed temporarily so soon as he has decided upon their con tending claims. A meeting of delegates representing the municipalities throughout the colony, was held at the White Hart Hart hotel, Mel bourne, yesterday morning for the purpose o'f following np the action taken at the Municipal Conference held in July last, with regard to the distribution of the Govern ment grant. Mr James • Logan, mayor of Maryborough, occupied the chair. A report ’of a sub committee was brought up, and stated that several members of Parliament had been interviewed in reference to a distribution of the municipal grant on another basis. The report sug gested that another sub-committee should be appointed to communicate with members °? P*) r ]* nn >ent aud with the different muni cipalities in order that the promise of the Premier that the question- should be dia cussed- in Parliament at the approaching session should not be allowed to fall to the ground. This suggestion was adopted, and the meeting ndjonrned. The Geelong magistrates have made a very important deliverance in connection with a gambling case that came before them. A certain hotelkeeper was fined £5 and costs for permitting ceitain “tricks with cards," by the agency of which a watch and chain changed hands, to be played on his licensed premises. At the same time the bench re gretted the police had not charged the players with being rogues and vagabonds under the special statute in that case made and provided. Now • then, messieurs, ye who play Yankee grab' and euchre for drinks in your favorite hostelry, learn from this case, if you were not previously aware of it (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Adverther), that you are in danger, if the publican cares to “ round on you,” of being declared rogues and vagabonds. Under a very old English statute you would for that offence have been liable to have your ears slit, while in King Charles’ time you would have been placed in the stocks. Now adays the penalty is fine or imprisoument. ' It is reported that dozens of unemployed in Sydney are representing themselves as refugee.? from Bourke, and are obtaining 15s a week from the Sydney committee, ami some people are known to have sold their railway passes. The members of the com mittee at the Town Hall, however, deny that they are being imposed upon. The number of meu on strike and locked out at Mildura is estimated at 420, of whom about 50 are blacksmiths, carpenters, and engine-fitters, also about 10 enginedrivers, the remainder being laboring meu. - The Australian Open Stock Exchange (says the Age), held its first business meeting on Monday morning, and though the number of transactions was not large the promoters hope for better things when the members have grown accustomed to each other and the first novelty of the thing has worn off a little. The memorial stone of the Maryborough School of Mines is to be laid on 2nd June, and the Minister of Public Instruction, Dr. Pearson, has eonseuted to perform the ceremony. A young man named John Brennan, or Archer, has been committed for trial on a charge of attempting to steal a quantity of jewellery valued at £3O, from tile deanery attached to St. Andrew’s Cathedral, Sydney. When the Rev. A. R. Rivers entered the house shortly before S o’clock on Sunday evening he saw the prisoner coming out of one of the rooms, and succeeded iu detaining him until the police arrived, Mr. Dow’s position, in the Cabinet (says the Telegraph) will be allowed to remain vacant, and in the meantime Dr. Pearson will be in charge of the Lands Department, and Mr. Deakin of the Agricnltural Depai t ment. The Premier (says the Age) has received a communication from the Trades and Labor Council, enclosing a copy of a resolution passed by that body last week in relation to the inhuman sentences passed upon a petty officer and several seamen charged with mutiny on board H. M.S. Egeria. The reso lution ia to the effect that the council views with indignation the severity- of the sen tences passed on the prisoners, and expresses the opinion that steps should be taken by the Governments of all the colouies to obtain a remission of the sentences. Philadelphia will not be at a loss to know the time of day or night after the big clock that is to ornament the tower of the public building is put into position (says Invention). A person can form some idea of its im mensity when experienced clockmakers say that it will take a whole calendar year to place the machinery in the tower after the building shall have been completed. The bell is to weigh between 20,000 lb and 25.000 lb, second in weight to the great Montreal Cathedral bell, which weighs 25.000 lb, and it is calculated that its pealing will be heard even to the most distant part of the city. The famed Westminster chimes will be used, ringing on the quarter, half, three quarters, and hour. The centre of tiie dial (25 feet ia diameter) will be 351 feet above the street. In order to distinguish time at night the dial will be illuminated by electricity, so that the pos ition of the hands can be located from any point in the city. The minute hand is to be 12 feet and the hour hand nine feet iu length. A steam-engine will be placed iu the tower to wind up the giant timepiece each day. All in all, it will he ati immense affair, anil a fit ting emblem to the giant building now in course of erection. ■ According to the Pall Mall Budget the Australian cricketers now in England were threatened with the competition of a strong rival attraction, which was likely to draw large fields and heavy gate money. Two elevens of ladies — the “ blues ” and “ reds ” —had been training in Surrey since last Sep tember, under the able tuition of Maurice Read and George Hearne, and had proved such opt pupils that they were said to be almost up to county form. The ladies in tended to make a long provincial tour, and expected to appear atsix matches in London. It was understood that the fair cricketers would only play against representatives of their own sex. 