Ail Ocean Tragedy. 13 v \V. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIV.— continued. m urn> cors rouwAim. He turned on Lis Heel, shaking Tsith laughter, and walked up to Finn, to whom I heard him tell the whole story, though repeatedly interrupting himself witli a jerky, noisy slvnit of merriment. He asked the (dripper wlmt Work lie could put Muffin to, and Finn rumbled out a long answer, hut they stood at too great a distance to enable lne to catch all that wn said. Presently Finn put his liead into the companion hatchway and called. .After a little Muffin emerged. Wilfrid recoiled when lie saw the man, turned his hack upon him, and stepped hastily right aft jvifct the wheel. I whispered to Miss Jennings, "Hid von mark that Each will go in terror of the oilier now. 1 sup pose i Wilfrid beunuso lie thinks Muffin mad, and Muffin because he thinks that Wilfrid, should he get to hear the truth will shoot him." 14 This way, inv lad," cried Finn in a Cape Horn voice, and a half smile that twisted the hole in the middle of his long vi&ago; till it looked like the mouth of n plaice. They both went forward and dis appeared. The sailors v>ho were at work about the deck stared hard at Muffin as lie j visaed them, shrewedly guessing that something unusual had happened, ami not a little astonished to observe the cap tain conducting him between decks to the mariners' jmrlour. Soon the skipper came up, and called to a large, burlv, heavily-w liitkeied man, whn, as 1 had gftthoied, wan a sort of acting boatswain, 1 though 1 believe he had not signed in that capacity, hut had been appointed by j I linn to oversee the crew aa being thy ' must experienced Bailor on hoard. The skipper talked u ill; him, and the ho/u dy- 1 whiskered man nodded vehemently villi | ft broad smile that oimjircRfe.d Ins f.iee | into a thousand vrinkles, under ihe up- , phng of which his little i-ycfi seemed to founder ftlt"gcthei. Then Finn came aft, nnd Y\ ilfrid and he fell to paring the deck. | Miss Jennings read; I smoked. ocru- ' fiionally, giving her an excuse to leave her bonk by asking a question, nr uttering j bnrt in mv 1 . , i > . . , !, , r» -ft. Mith my eyes sleepily f .droving the lan guid sweep of tlie iiiamt.ipiiifist- licnd, vlmrc the truck nhuvcd like a circle of hoar frost against the airy blue ibat | floated in its soft. cool bright tint to the edges of the hails y, hose brilliant whiteness Bcerned to overflow the holt ropes and frame then; with a narrow band of pearl - coluured film, when Miss Jenuinrs sud- dcnlv exclaimed, "Oh, Mr M orison do look:" 1 started, and following the direction of her grm\ spied Muffin standing near the gulh-y rigged out as a sail-.;-. Throe may have been a slop-chest on hoard - 1 cannot tell ; perhaps Finn had bum.vcd the clothes for the fellow from one of Hie .sea men ; anyway there stood Muffin imosted of his gen lord frock coat. Ins genllem u:'v cmy.1t and black cloth unmcnt. enables, period, a cvu-su irohnired thirl, rough duck or e-iiivris biot-chcs, M'huj-e bc':- ahaped extremities entirely concealed his gouty ankles. JTis hc-ad was protected by a nautical btraw hat, romoMhat bat tcrod. with one long iihbon floating dovn i liia back, under the brim of wliich l.is yellow facw showed wifli the primrose tincture of the Chinaman, whilst Jus dead black eyefi, gazing lftiigubluugly our way, j looked the deader and blacker for the pluifitcr-like streak of hair th.it lay alnr.g hia brow as though one uf the Jacks had scored a line thoro with a brush steeped ' in liquid pitch. "Heavens, as Jut an actor the fellow would make'" said , the laugh that , seemed to have, risen to my throat lying checked thiux' hv wonder mid even admi ration of tho nstoiiishin" figure the man cut in his new attire. The burly, heavily- whiskered Fait rolled up \<> him. What Muffin said 1 could m.t hear, but there wu-s the air of a respectful h.nv m the iwisturo of his odd fun, i, ami my ear easily imagined the nil) tone of his replies to the hu"e sailur. Th«v crossed to the other side of the deck out of sight. Shortly aftcruardR I left mv scat to ! join "Wilfrid, and then the first object ; that 1 beheld on the poj-t Bide of the vessel was Muffin washing the sido of the j gallev, with a bucket of M ater nt liis feet and the hcvnilv-wluskci-cd man looking' on. Well, tluni'dit 1, rounding on mv , heel with a laugh, 'twill make huiim the RMcetc r t.i him when lie gets there, and. 1 ineAiin hile, Wilfri.i mil bo free from all further phusplnujc visitations. CHAPTER XV. I BOABD A WRECK. Tnr time slipped by. Fife is rnonoto nous at sua, and, though the days seemed , to have speeded quickly past when eno looks back, they appear to be crawling along on all-foura when one looks ahead. We sighted nothing that carried tho least reaomblanco to the vessol we were in cliaao of. Within a wo ok wo epoko two ships, talh Englishmen, one a fine tall black clipjier craft from Sydney, New South M ales, full of Colunials bound to the Old Country for n cruise Amongst the eights | there; tho other, a JitUo uortli-oountry j brig, laden down to her chain plates, in charge of the very tnllest man 1 ever saw in my life- — this side, I moan, of the giants who go on show—with a roaring voice thai smoto the car like the blast of a discharged jiioco; but neither vessel gave us any tiutrs of the Short:, no cioft of tlio kind had been sighted or bcarel of by cither of them. J It was as I expected. For my part, the adventure remained a most rid'iculous | undertaking, and never more so than Mhen I thought- of the speck a ship rn<ulc j in the vast blue eye of the wide ocean. 1 Mc fell in with some handsome breezes for travelling, several of which drove lis through it in thunder, with a hill of foam on cither quarter and an acre of creaming J while spreading under the chaste golden i beauty the yacht carried on her stcm- j head. Tho wind flashed blue into tho j violet hollows of the canvas, the curves of f whose round breasts shone out past the I shadowings to the sun, and rang splitting | upon tlie hull taut rigging of the driven ' craft with joyous hunting-notes in its j cchuiiigs as though the chase were in I h.illftoing us into a madder speeding, j Wilfrid nnd Finn and I hung over the j chart, calculating with sober faces, find- I ing our position to be there, and then ! there, and then there, till we worked out ; an average speed from the hour of our departure that caused the skipper to 1 swear, if the SI",: was not already astern , of ub, the could not be very far ahead, 1 unless a great luck of wind had befallen her; a conjecture scarce fair fo put down as a basis to build our figures upon, since ' it vas a hundred to one that her fortune ; in the shape of breezes had been oura. ' For, lie it remembered, we Mere in s I well-scoured ocean; the winds even north ; of the "niins" and " hurso latitudes" i were in a sense to be reckoned on, with i the trades beyond as steady in their way as tlie indication of a jammed dug vane, I and tlie "dnhh uuia " to follow — the equi- I noctial belt of catspaws and molten calms, | where one pailor's chance was another's j the wide world round. I Rut reasoned Finn, and I was not there . to say him nay ; yet it was difficult to hear lum without a sort of mental shrug of the 1 shoulders, though it was a talk to smooth ! down the raven plume of Wilfrid's melan- I choly "till d smiled." My cousin managed I con- well without Ina valet, protested nuked that he felt easier in his npirita | Rineu the h-lh-w had gone forward, as 1 though nil imcmsriously to himself he had long been depressed bv tlie funeral face ! of the man. ! _ " Besides," said ho, in his simple Umtv- | ing way, willi a quivering of tlie lids that _ put an expression of almost idiot cunning into the short, pathetic peering of his large, . protruding eyes, "lie woa with nic when ! mv wife left my home; lie it was who »,> I, .11 ll.nl 1 n,U- \1.s„ j not to be found ; it. Mas lie" too, who put 1 Hope-Kennedy' letter into my hand i though it Mas ucke<l u ji by one of the i housemaids. Tlie.se were thoughts that ' would float like a cloud of hellish smoke tin my brain u hen lit mas hanging about ' me, and so I'm glad to have huu our of mv RiL'ht; yes. I'm the better for his ubMmce. And then," lie added, lowering ; las voice, " las behaviour prmes that he 1 is nut sound m Ins mind." : That Muffin mas r.s veil content M"hh the annuueincut as las master I cannot. 6AV. Tiiev kept Jinn at work furnanl upon Ptnal! mean j..bb, and he seldom . came aft utiles it uas to lend ft hand in 1 pulling upon n rope. Yet after a little i 1 would see lum in a dog MUtch on tlie fore- r.istle m i'li ft hudii le ""of seamen on the bt ii.ul grin round him. One special even ing 1 remember when the vateli bad run out into the dusk, and it might have been ' u itlun Imlf-iin-huur of eiglit hells, 1 arrived ' o»i deck from the dinner table rnd heard, ( :.s I supposed, a ivomnn singing foiward. I v. ith n quality in it that might have made 1 you imagine a middle-aged lady was tuning i up. The song Mas "'The Yale of Avoca." Tlie concert in.i accoiupBiiiinent was burly played. I listened with astonishment, for (.01110 time wondering Mhether Miss , Jennings' maid had got Among the men, , and tii.ni called to Cmnp — I ""Who's that singing ?" said I. j " Him they've nick-named the mute, " ' said ho. What Iuffin?" 1 "Avl sounds as if he'd ewallowcd Ins I sister'und rIicmus calling out to he re-'" ' leased." 1 There happened inside this particular ! luvk uith u inch 1 .am dealing an incident here. All duv long it had been blowing a i fresh breeze iVm, imrtli-rmst, but as the sun rank i lie Mii.d mom with him ami About an hour before RUiifet there inu h | mild a if breathing with searvc v eight , eiiougli in n t.. bh.w tlie teent off a milk- ! ii i a i d , as saih Je.v, though it Mas giving | the yacht way r.s you haw by the creep uf j the wrinkles at her Ftcm m Diking oulfroin I the (shadow of the yaclit's form in the Mater into lines thi.t resembled bunnshed copper win: M tlie iv.i wcsUrn iipht. ! Miss Hinr.a ami Wilfrid M ere on deck, wid j 1 a. as leaning mer the ml with a pipe in my mont h. all b> >iij» <>f u.Lsy. dreamy fancies slipping into me out of the dnm sy paRtagc of tlic water nlongsnlu with ita wreath of foam boll eddying or kohiu litrle cloudy eccthing of white Ftviking from our wet And flashing Fide into a surface which hung so glass-like with tlie crimson tinge in the ntinoBphcrc sifting do«n into it that you fancied you could see a hundred fathoms deep. Fiehoiitly running my eyes ahead caught sight of tome minute object three or four points aw ay on the veatJior bow, which every now and again would sparkle like the lcp of a flump from the Kimd of n inuski t. I stopped to the companion, picked up the telescope and made the tiling out to be a little, the glass of which gave back tlie sunlight in fitful winkings to the twists and turns of it upon the ripples. "What arc you looking ati" cried Wilfrid. "A tattle," 1 answered. "Ho!" lie laughed, "what you sailors call a dead marine, ha? Wlmt aart of liquor nil) it have contained, 1 wonder, and how long has it been overboard t " The gla« I held was Captain Finn 'a ; it was a very jwwcrful instrument, and the bottle came so close to mc in the lenses that it was like examining it at arm's lcngtJu " It is corked," said J. "Can wo not pick it up?" exclaimed XI Las Jennings. "Oh, but an empty brittle, my dear," exclaimed Wilfrid, with a 6hmg. I examined it. again. "I loll you what, "VSilfrid; that it is corked should signify there i something in it. Who trouble's himself to plug nn empty bottle when it is flung overboard unless "it is intended as a messenger ? " He was instantly excited. "Why, by all means then — — he brake off, looking round. Uio mate had charge; hu was eulkily pacing tlic deck to leeivard with a lift of hia askew eye aloft and then a fitSre over the rail, all as regular aa tlic recur rence of rhymes in poetry. "Mr. Crimp," called \\\ ilfnd. The men came over to us. "I)n you 6ce that bottle?" Crimp shaded life eyes and took a steady view of the water towards which my cousin pointed, and then said, "Is that there t.hnm flashing a bottle ? " "Yes, man ; yes." " Well, I see it right enough." "(let it picked up, Mr. Crimp," said Wilfrid. The mate walked aft. "Down helium," he exclaimed to the fellow who was steer ing. Tlie wheel was put over mid the tattle was bruught almost directly in a line with the yacht. 'Die topgalkuiUail " lifted," but what air blew was abaft ll'.c i beam, and tlu; distance was too short to render necessary the handling of the braces and sheets. Crimp went a little ! way fonvard and hailed tho forecastle, I and presently a man stood ready at tlie j gangway with a canvosbucketslung at the end of a line. A very small matter will 1 | create ft great deal of interest at sea. I Had the approaching bottle been a mcr- mnid tlic (jroup of s.-ulom could not have j observed it with livelier attention nor 1 awaited ins arrival u'ith brisker cxpecU- J j tions. JVesently fplash ! the bottle was , cleverly caught, hauled up dried, and \ brought aft. j " It's not been in tlie WAtcr lung," said- . 1 ; " the wooden plug in the mouth looks fresh." "Mr. Crimp, sing out for n corkscrew, " cried Wilfrid. "No good in that," cried I; "break | the flung, that will be tho speediest wav J to mime at iu contents. " " J ! i V..1.1 »i. .. v. . 1 1 . . . i. , but tlic glass M'iis tliick and black and re- I vcaled jiotliing. 1 (hen knocked it Against the rr.il, tlie neck fell and exposed a letter folded as you double n piece of paper to light your pipe with. 1 pulled it out and opened it ; Miss Laura peeped over one shoulder, ilfnd over the other, /ils respirations swift, almost tierce. Jt was juat the tiling to put some wild notions about the Sitark into his head. From the forecastle thesailors were staring m ith all their eyes. The paper muls quite drv ; I opened it carefully with an cniotimi of awe, fur trifling as tlic incident wns j apparently, yet to my fancy there was tlie I mystery and the solemnity of the ocean in I it too. Indeed, you thought of it as i having something of tlic wonder of a voice I speaking from the hlue air when your eye 1 sought tlie liquid expanse out uf whose i vast, heart the tiny missive had been | drawn. It was a rudo hurried bcrawl in lead pencil, and nil thus ; — | " Brio OofowiM. (Jforpt ifaufoir.i, Cap- I hint. IFafrWo/jfd fire days — oil hand bid | to o ti rr dead ; fust IreaJdng op. Ko fi esh | irn/fr. Jiair ;n" k one cask. Who finds | this for God's su/.e report." The word Scptemtar was added, but tlie writer had omitted tlie date, probably could not remember it after spelling the 1 name of the month. I gave Crimp the i note that lie might take it fonvard ami ; read it to the men, telling him to let me ! have it again. ! "They will all have perished hy this ' time, no doubt, "said Wilfrid in his most 1 raven- like note. " Think of them with raw pork only! The meat crystallised with salt, the hot ! sun over their heads, not a thimbleful of fresh water, the vessel going to pieces plank by plank, the horrible anguish of thirst made maddening by the mockery of I the cold fountain-like sounds of that brine there flow ing in the hold or washing along- ' snle with a champagne-like seething. I t )h ! " groaned I, " m ho is that home -keep- 1 ing bald m ho speaks of the ocean as tho mi.chcT of all ? Trie mother? A tigress ! Why, if old Davy Jones be the devil, Jack is right in finding an abode for him down nn the ooze there. Mark how the j at'ort lunate mother of ftll torments ita ; victims wiili n hellish refinement of j cruelty before strangling then; bow— if , , tlie land be near enough— she will tling | them ashore, mutilated, evelcaa, eaten, in i horrid triumph and enjoyment of her I work, tiiat we shuddering radishes may i behold And understand her power." j j " Cease for God's sake!" roared Wil- j 'rid. " You're talking a nightmare, man. ' | Isn't the plain fact enough i " he cried, . picking ui the broken bottle and flinging h iji a kind of rago overboard, " why "1 want to fcc the ocean properly inter- I preted," 1 cried. " Vour poetical jxirsoni- licatiiins arc clnptrap. Great mother, | indeed ! Great gruudmother, Wilfrid. | Mother uf m hales and sharks, but when it J '(Ih, but this is impiety, Mr. Munson," i cried Miss Laura, " it is reallv dtmgeniUR ' to talk so. One may ihink -hut here we . are upon tlie sea, vou knoM", and tliat I jim>mi you spoke nf just imw (p-inting , (Iomj.) mm):! inth his great cans--" 1 Nnw, Luira, my dear," broke in Wil- ! , frid, " can t we pick up ft wretched bottle and read the uielancholy message it cm- j tains without falling ill of fancy?" He j went to tho skylight — "Steward, sumo I seltzer and brandy here. Your talk of that salt jKirk," lie continued, coming i tack to us, "makes my tongue cleave to | the roof of my mouth. 1 Mould give much 1 for a litdo ire, d'vo know. Heipho ! big I as this ocean is, I vow by tlie Faints there's j not room enough in it for Hie misery j thorp is in tlie world," with which lie set | oil' pacing tbu deck, though ho calmed down presently over a foaming glass ; hut | he showed so great a dislike to any refe- ( rence to the tattle and ita missive that, to j humuur him, Bliss Jennings and I forbore all allusion to tlic incident. j It was next forenoon, somewhere about I tho hour of eleven o'clock, that the look- I out Clan on tho topgnllantyard — whom I I had noticed playing for souio time the ' jjolished tubes, which glanced like five in liis lifted hands as lie steadied the glass i ngninst the must— suddenly bawled down ' with a voice of excitement, " Si til ho ! " Wilfrid, uho was lounging on the sky light, jumped ofl' it ; 1 jirickcd up my eftrs ; Misa Laura holloned her gloved liands to take a view of tlie man aloft. " MTiero awny ? " cried Finn. " Right ahead, sir." " What do you make her out to be 1 " Dio scAiuan levelled the telescope Apnin, Llien swinging <<fl from the. yaid by liis i grin of the tie, ho sung out, "She looks j to be a wreck, sir. I don't make out any canvas set.' j ' ' " ' ' "She'll be showing afore long, your honour," said Finn, and he cast his eye upon tlie water to judge of our speed. All night long it had blown a weak wind, and the draught was still a mere ' aiming, Mith a hot sun, that made the shelter of the awning a nccessarv con- | ciition of life on deck by day ; a clear, j toft, dark blue sky westwards, and in the j cast a broad shadowing of stcatu-likc cloud M'lth a bint in the vclluw tinge of it low down upon the sea of the copper sands of Africa, roasting noons and shivering mid nights, fever nnd cockroaches, and stifling cabms. So that, merely wrinkling through it .as we Merc, it Mas not until we had eaten our lunch, bringing tlic hour to about r quarter before two o'clock, that the vessel sighted from aloft in the morn ing had rite:i above tlic rim of the ocean m i 1 1 1 1 1 1 reach of a glass directed at her over tlie quarterdeck rail. " It M'ill be strange," Raid I, putting down the telescope after a long stare .at her, "if vondor craft don't- prove the CJ;ssus. "L.uk at her, Wilfrid. A com- 1 He Acized the glass. " By George, ; Hi en,'" lie cried, " if that's fio tho two men I that paper Epukc of may be still alive. I | hope so, I hone so. Wc owe heaven a life, ( and h is a pFrhics tiling to succour the ! perishing." I!:, hand shook mHIi excite- | ment as lie dirortcdthc gkisa at the vessel. | She had apparently been a brig. IJuth I masLs were gone flush with tlic deck, bow- I Bpnt tofi, channelfi torn from their strong ! fastening, and whole lengths of bulwark smashed level. I supposed her cargo to have been timber, but 3ier decks Ahuwcd tare, M-iienco I gathered that she M-aa 1 floating on eomc other sort of light e.argo — oil , cork ; no telling wlmt indeed. She swayed wearily upon the hmg ocean heave 1 Moth a sulky, riekly dip from Ride to side, as though she rocked herself in her pain. There was a yard, or spar, in the water alongside of her, the rigging of which had j hitched itself in some May about the rail, I so that to every lurch on one side the | boom rose half its length, with a flash of , the sun off the Met end of it, and this wont <m regularly, till after watching it a | hit 1 turned my eyes away M'ith a shudder, j feeling in a sense of creeping that f>o3- rcoced me for an instant, the sort of I craz.inc.v9 that would come into a dying i brain aboard the craft to the horrible mauucning monotony ot tlie rise and laid oi that spar. j "buck a picture as that," whispered Miss Jennings softly in my ear, " realises I your idea uf tho ocean as a tigress. But I what claws could have torn lu;r so ? And j that Ruft cnresMng of the water- iB it not j tlie velvet paiv stroking the dead prey 7 " | " There's a man on board " cried Wil- I frid wildly ; "look, Charles. " | He thrust the glass into my hand whilfit I lie jioiuted irith a vehement gesture. I ! had mtaed him before, but tlie broadside i opening of the wreCk to our approach dis- | closed Jus figure as he sat with folded arms and liis chin on his breast in a aleep- ! ing jKJSturo against the companion that | remained intact, though tlic wheel, sky- ' light, and all other deck fixtures that one i could think of Mere gone. 1 eyed him ! steadily through tlie lenses, but though he ! never raised his head nor stirred his arms, | which lay folded, yet owing to tlie roll of i the hulk it was impossible to asy that his j body did not move. j "There's tho word Cv'uwus," said 1, painted plainly enough uj>on her taw. j Yonder may be the writer of tho letter j received. AVilf, vou should fiend a taat. . | He nrnv be Alive— God knows ! But I though he be dead there might be another , living. " 'Finn, criixl Wilfrid, "bring tho | yacht to a stand And board tint mtccI: 1 J Uiitautly, d'ye hear ? " j ! " Fll make one the taat's creM- with I your good leave, captain," I sung out. ! "Take ehnrge by all means, Charles," , j said Wilfrid. I ; "With pleasure," &aid; I, " Seo two , things in the boat, Finn, before wc start j — fresh water and a drop of brandy or 7"hu yacht's topsail was backed, the ! heliu put down and tlic vessel's way arrested. Wc came to a halt within half- | a-mile of the wreck. The ocean sM ung Binuuthly in widc-bmwcd fokla that went brimming to the hulk in rounds putabed j enough at times to cntdi \>c image of her till hhc showed as she leaned from us with ' her reflection leaning too as if she had ' 1 broken in halve and was foumlering. Dm boativas luwered andbnnight to the pang- Avay ; 1 jumped in nnd wc shoved oil'. | Fjve fellows pulled, and on a sudden 1 haJ tu turn my head awav to Ruiutlier a : laugh whilst I seemed to wave a farewell , to W ilfrid and Miss laura on jioting that Muffin. Whether he hnd 'tlirust himself I into this errand to Bomo Uiirst for any uionu'iitAry change in the discipline of hri tshiplxiard life, or whether Finn had re membered that the fellow talked much of being able to feather on oar and had J ordered him into tlie boat, I cannot tell, but there he was, as solemn as a sleeping j ape, his old straw hat pulled down to his J nose, and his eyes steadfastly fixed ujiun the oar that he plied. He pulled well j enough, but liifi Anxiety to keep time and to feather besides was exceedingly absurd, and it cost mc no small effort to master my face, though tlie struggle to look grave and iuninrant of liis presence was mightily helped in s xninuto hy the Right of the nilunt figure eeutod upon tho wreck's deck. I earnestly overhauled with my eyes the ivftlluiving fabric as ivc approached her, but, saving that lonely man motionless in liis posture of slumber, there Mras nothing to l>c distinguished outside the melancholy raffle of unrove rigging and ropes' ends in tin bijw, ftst rents ;n Llie ploziks of Hie devk. splinters of huhvavk, htanchion, and tiie like. Tho fellow that pulled stroke j war tin- big-whiskered man that acted ae i boateuam, liameil Cutbill. 1 said to him, as lie come stooping towards me for tlie 'sweep of his oar, "She's sn jagged the whole length of Iier broadside, that I talieve her stern, low as it liv-s, will be the easiest and safest raid to euter by." He looked over liis shoulder, and said, " Ay, sir. But tliere is no need fur you to trouble to step aboard. I'll overhaul her if you like, sir. " "No, Fll enter her. It's a break, Mr. Cutbill. But you w ill accompany mo, for I may want help." He sbouk liis head. "You'll find not hing living there, air." " No telling till we've found out, any- w;iv, I. " Oars ! " 1 Rung ouL \N o llivited under the wreck's counter, honked on, and, wAiuug for Hie lift of tlic sue)), I very easily sprang from tho boat's gunwale to the taffnail of tlie hulk, followed by Cutbill. The decks had blown up, and Uic 6ort of drowning rolling of the hulk rendorxKl walking exceedingly dangerous. Tho wafer i-hoivcd block through the splintered chasms, witii a dusky gleam in the swaying of it like window-glass on a dark night ; and there was a (strango noise of sobbing that was desperately startling, with its commingling of sounds like human , groana, nnd liulknv frog-like croakinga, folloM-ed by blows against tlio interior I cauRftd by floating cargo driven against the side, as if -tliQ hull war full of half- I strangled gnuiU struggling to pound their !wav out of her. From the first great gap I looked down through I remember recoiling with awild- ness that might cosily liave rolled me oveiL.irird to the sight of abluated human j face, with long hair streaming, floating nn j fiie surface uf tlie Mater athwart the rigged orifice. It was like putting one's | ove to a enmn a otscuva and witne.ssing n j sickening phantom of deatJi, Raving tluit here tlie hoirur ivas real, with the weep- ing noisce in the hold to help it, and the 1 great encompassing rca to sweep it into one's very htiul as a meinur)' t" ride one's sleepless hours hag-like for a long term. Wo approached the figure of the man. He was seated on a three-legged stool, with his back resting ngaiust the com panion. I stooped to look at liis face. "Famine if the artist here!" I cried instantly, springing erect. "My God! what incomparable anguish ia there in that exprer..:ii ,.n " "Sol-, sir," cried the burly sailor bv 1 my side in a broken voice, and lie pointed to a piece of leather that lay clo.se , be?.ide the. L dr. One end of it bad been gnawed into pulp, which had hardened mtu iron again to the air and the ,l Yet tlie letter wc picked up," mud I, " stated there m as a cask of raw meat on board. " That was chewed fur thirst, sir— for thirst, sir ! " exclaimed tho seaman. "I Buffered once, ami bit upon a lump of lend to keep the saliva j-unning." "Beat not linger," said I. "Take & look forward, willyuu'l" Hewunt towards theforecastle ; I peered down the little companion-way ; it was aa | black 03 the iiiride of a well, M'ith the j water washing up the steps Mithin reach I uf my arm. There could be nothing j living down there, nor, indued, in -any I other part of the wreck ;f not on deck, I fur she was full of wttcr. The men in I the taat astern were standing up in her, ! with their heads bobbing together over j tlie line of the taffrail to get a view of tlie I figure, for it was seated on the starboard side, plain in their sight, all being clear | to tlie companion; yet, epitc of that , lump of whiskered, mahogany faceB, with i 4lutlm r yeiiow chops in tlie heart ot »t to J make tlie whole group aa commonplace aa I a sentence of his, never in all luy time i did so profound ft sense uf desolation and loneliness jiosst'ss me a I stood bringing in j cyoB from the huge steeping plain of . the sea to that human shape with its j folded arms and its borved liead. Heavens, | thought I, what scenes of human anguish have the ocean stars looked down ujxin! Tlie flash past of the ghastly face in the ' hold beneath — tliat bit of grawed leather, I wliich even had you thought of a dog coming to such a tiling, would have made j your lieart sick — the famine in that bowed ! face, where yet lay so fierce a twist of j torment that tlic grin of it made the I alumtarous attitude a horrible sarcasnj — " Nothing to be seen, sir," exclaimed ! Cutbill, picking his wire nft with tho , merchantman's clumsy, railing stop. 1 went in a hurry to the tAffrad and dropped into tlie boat, he followed, and 1 the follow in tlio bow shoved off. Scarce, , however, had die men dropped their oars ' ' into tho rowlocks, each fellow- drawing in i hia breath for tlie first stretch back, when l" a voice hailed us from the deck — i ' ' F<n Gtxl's KtJ.e don't ieaxt mc .' " I "Oh!" fihrieked Muffin, springing to ; liis feet aud letting liis oar slide over board ; " there's someone alive on board! " "Sit, you lubber ! " thundered the fellow j behind him, fetching him a chip on the shoulder that brouglit liiin in a crash to his lianiB, whilst tlie men abaft picked up tlie oar. Every face wore ao expieasion of con sternation. Cutbill 'a, that looked like a walnut shall between his whiskers, turned of r.u ashen hue; he had stretched forth his arms to give tlie oar its first swing, and now they forked out paralysed into tho 6tiffuc«ss of marline-tpikus by astanish- " Smite my eyes," lie muttered as though whixpering to himself, "if it ain't the first dt'iid niau'B voice I over hoard." "Bock water 1 " I cried out, for tho swell had sheered tlie boat so as to put the companion way betwixt us and the figure. I stood up and looked. The man waa filiated as before, though spite of tlie sure nnd dreadful exjirnssion of death his certain in my own mind tliat lie was as desd as tlie creature mIiosc face had gdim- inered. out upon the black Mater in the hold, yot the cry to us had been bo ud- misULkably real, had come 60 unequivocally, not imieiKi only from tlio M rcck, but from tlic very part of tlic hulk on which the corpKo was seated, that I found myself staring at him as though I expected that lie would look round nt us. "There's no one alive yonder, men," said 3, seating mj-self afresh. "What was it tliat spoke, think 'ee, dir?" exclaimed the man in the haw, bringing his eyes full of awe away from die sheer hulk to my face. "Mr. Munsun, sir, I'umblybcg pardon," exclaimed Muffin, in tlio greasy deferential touo ho was URod to employ when in the cabin, "but there must bo something living on board that ship, unless it MTrc a aperrit." "A spirit, you fool!" cried 1 in a pas sion, "wlmt d'ye moan by such talk? There's nothing Jiving on that wreck, I tell you.' Jump aboard anvono of you ; who doubts mc and lie call judge for himself." " ( Muffin shook liis head; tlie others; writhed uneasily on tlie thwarts of the boat. "Cutbill and I overhauled the vessel; bIic'b full of water. What is on lier dock you can see for yourself, and nutliing but a fish could live below, lan't tliat right, Cutbill?" ' 1 Ay, sir, ' ' lie answered ; and then under his breath, "but what voice was it that hailed us then?" "Come, give way!" I cried, "they 11 bo growing impatient aboard tbeynclit-" The oars dipped, feathered, flashed, and in an instant the blue sides of the smart and sparkling little craft were buzzing and spinning through it in foain. It was like coming from a graveyard to the sight of some glittering, cheerful, tender poetic ; pageant to carry the eyo from the hull to i tlie yacht. She seemed clad by the con- , trast M ith new qualities of beauty. You found the corapletest expression of girlish arclmeas in the curtsying or her shapely bows, with a light at her forefoot like a smile on the lip when she lifted hcryoliow sheathing tliere, pouting, as one might ray, from the caressing kiss of tlio blue brine, Lo gleam like gold for a moment to the sunlight. IVc swept alongside audX sprang on board. "Tho poor creature is dead, 1 suppose! " exclaimed Wilfrid, inspecting Ihe xmadc, through a binocular glass. . « "Yea," I answered, "dead aa the dead 1 can be; too dead to handle, faith. I might j havo sought in Lub pockets for aomo brata I to found a report upon, but his face had Uie menace of a fierce whisper." "It seems cruel to leave hini unburicd," 1 Raid Miss taura, M itli her soft eyes full of j pity, and the emotions begotten of tlie j presence of death. "Tlmt hulk must soon go to pieces," fiaid 1, ".and then she will give hiru s I sailor's funeral." "When nature acts tlie part of high priestess, if there bo such a part," ex claimed Wilfrid. in a low, tremulous voice, not m ithuut a kind of sweetness in its way, thanks, perhap3, to the mood of tender sentiment that ivoa upon him, "how grandly she celebrates the humblest sailor's obsequies! how noblo ia her cstliedral! Observe the altitude of that stupendous rouf of blue. How sublime are the symphonies of the wind; huw magnificent the organ ziotes which they tend pealing through this great echoing fabric! Nature will give yonder poor fellow a nobler funeral than it is in our pcivcr to honour lain with. But Charles," lie cried, with a sudden change of voice, and indeed with a new manner in him, "have you ever remarked tlio exquisite felicity with which nature invents and fits and works hei puppet shows? Take yonder scene at which we Iiayc been 1 suffered to steal a peep. What could be : more choicely imagined than tliat a dead , man should have charge of such a dead ship as tlmt, and tliat the look-out bo is keeping upon her deck should bo as black as the future of tlie vessel he still secuis to command?" "Well, well," said I, "all this maybe as you put it, Wilf. But all tlie same, 1 Rm glad (o see that topsail-yaxd swung and tliat spectre there veering astern. J protest my visit has made me feel as though J must be down far a bit;" and, in Ruber truth, the body I had inspected, coupled with the thrill of amazement that had shot through rue to tlic voice wo had heard, had proved a trifle too much fur my nerves, topped, as it all was, with certain superstitious stirrings, the crawl ing, as it miRht be, upon the memory uf that ghostly, insoluble hail, along with the workings of an imagination that M'os too , active for happiness when anything ap proaching to a duivnright horror fell in its M ay. So I went below and lay upuu a sofa, but hod scarcely hoisted my legs when Wilfrid arrived, tau'Iing to Uie steward for a bottle of champagno, cu id immediately otter came Miss Jennings, who must needs fetch ine a pillow, and then, as though she had a mind to make me feel ridiculous, saturate a pocket hand kerchief with can de Cologne, all which attentions I hardly knew whether to like or not till, having swallowed a bumper of champagne, I hopped off the couch with a laugh. "A pretty sailor I am, eh, Wilfrid?" cried I; "a likelyaort of figure to take command of the Channel Fleet. Miss J onmngs, your 9a.i1 dCologno hsa enbiiely, cured me.'1'- f - 7 ' ' What's to be the next incident now — tlie Sharkl" exclaimed Wilfrid. Hethrust his liands deep into hiB trousers pocket end marched into iiis cabin, head hanging down. CHAPTER XVI. WE Mionr ii SCIIOOVER- YACHT. I HAprENXD to be alone on deck after dinner, having left Wilfrid at his diary and Misa Jennings in her cabin, where she had goue to make read 3- to join me, as she had aaid. He wreck had faded but" tafore sundown, halting upon the flashing purple under ilieiillknig luminary like the ' memory of a nightmare off a mind upon which is streaming a light of cheerfulness. Tho night was clear bat dark, with a pleasant wind through whose dryness tho stars looked down pure!'. The yacht was sailing s fair six knots, as I gathered when I stepped from tlie companion to tho loo- rail and peered over in a wool-gathering way at the emerald gushings and eddyings of tiie phosphorio tires which winked in tlio cloudy paleness along tlie bends, and fled into the ditnne6s of glow-worms to Hie spectral racing of our wake. J was worried and oppressed by a sort, of heAvinesfi of spirits. I had acted a cliecrful port at dinner, but. tliere was little of my heart in tlio tongue 1 wagged. The recollection of tlie motionless figure seated upon tho wreck, and darker yet, tlic memory of that bloated, long-haired pilars torn face sliding Tjro tho space of a Lreatli across tho gape in the shattered deck, witli ill 0 subbing wash 'of the black meaning of its own i$tothc liviil,'|iiiuble iision went for eomethifig1— may, went for a good deal, no ddubt ; but it vwa the had that had come from, tlie wreck wliich mainly occasioned my perplexity and agi tation , and, I may add, uiy depression. Twice now hod syllables Bounding from where there were no lips to pronounce thorn reached my ears. Had I alone he&rd; them I should havo been alarmed for my reason, not doubting an hallucination, though never for an instant believing in the reality of the utterance; but the voices had been audible to others, they were consequent1 real, and far that reason oppressive to reflect upon. Tho shadow of Wilfrid's cnirineas lav on his ship ; the voyage was begun in darkness, and vaa an aimless excursion, as i thought, with no more reasonable motive for it than such as was to be found in the contending passions of a bleeding heart.' Hence it was inevitable that any. gloomy incident which occurred during such an adventure' as this should gather in thc'eye'Df Hie imagination a very much darker tincture (Fun the complexion it would carry .under sunnier and more commonplace conditious of an ocean run. Whilst I lay over tho rail lost th thought) 1 was accosted by Finn. "Bog pardon, Mr. M onion ; couldn t make sure in this here giooui whether it' was you or Sir Wilfrid. May J speak -a word with 'ee, air?" - - "Certainly, Finn." " 4 ' Well now, air, if that Hi ere old Jacob Crimp ain't goue and took on eo joyful fe frame of mind that Fm a lorid-crabf Jils aperrits ain't dowu right ahifTuingan man whose Mcins runs lime-juioeF - . ; s ; "Old -Crimp!" cried J, ; "jwhota the matter with him! 11 -'-'A "Y'hy, he corribfc up to xni Capt'n,' he says, <thfet»1B'SJpe5Bfi»V and tho toth era whoVtu ia went to the WT«i oswearing that th ejf'hWdi airl and feo gying, helJbrgijtt .a iihghx ing like a parrot. , -.'A So me ana Mr. Mtaafln'rarihcjM3y ones/d'ye see. I)ammjighfiejfc8| don't -do my heart There's the whnlo tdoommijpoprtgfeg cow.' says fce,ro Trpi 'it jtaHW Jacob into -4Whtt,doca tey?" iiiidl. >. '-.J ' hJm that cuss roee qin being alone in the hearing of it, for, yo see ainacinhispositioncan'tcrimfortably . hitch on to a gent like you, and it was the harder for him, for that the man at the wheel Bffcrethat he never heard the cry." He is supengtitious, like most old lob- scousem. no doubt," said I. 4HBve tho others been talking about this mysterious liail from tlic wreck?" Ay, air ; 'tis a pity. It's raised an uneasiness 'monggtthe men. There's that Irish fool 0 Connor, him that foundered the ' Dago,' going about witli a face as long as a wet hammock and ewc&rinc; that taint lucky." I d'in t knowaboutita being unludy,'1 Raid I, "Lut it certainty is most con foundedly curious, Captain Finn." I sam him jiccring hard at me in the dusk. "Bat surely /oar honour's not going to tcli 111c tkcretttieawoicc?" said he. 41 As M c Mere shaving off," said I, "we vrcre hailed in God's name to rettfrn. Every num of us in the boat heard it. There were but two bodies in tlie wreck, as stone dead as if thoy had died before the days of the flood. YVfcatiay ydn to that, Captain Finn?" He pulled off his IiaI to scratch hia head. After a pausc,bccxclaimed alowlyT:WieU>' I'm for leaving alone wtat isn't to be onderstood. There was ghosts maybe afore I was born, but none since ; and the dead h aot talked, to my knowledge, fiido New Testament times. Old Jsmaicy rum isn't to be had by dropping a bucket ore? tlie side, and if s truth lies too deep to be fished up by creeps, better drop xtaays I, and fix the attention on Bornatiai% else." "Tou tell me the men are uneasy V ; "Ay, Eir." "Do j'ou mean all hands?" "Well, your honour knows what sailors are. When they're housed together under one deck they're like a box of thetn patent lucifer lights— if one cotchea, the whole mass is aflsme." "It's a passing fit of superstition," fjd I. "Give it time. Boat aay notiiinp. about it to Sir "Wilfrid.1 1 ' Bless us, no, sir. Sony it's rniwl so | much satisfaction in that there old Jacob, though. A laugh in Jacob don't sound natural. Any sort o' j uyf ulncas in anch » constitution is agin nature." . ' - r At this point Mis Jennings arrived on deck, ana Finn, with a shadowy .fiat mowing at liis brow, stepped to then too- . site raiJ. w here hie hgure was eaauy dis tinguished by tlic stars be blotted oat. ' I hope your spirits are better," aid Mios Lfturo. "" "I should be ; glad to tum the fnlwnt sailor of tliat wreck out fit my memoryi but my spirits are veiy welL" ...! ii.YF t "Wilfnd noticed yonr "depression i table, but he attributed it ehtinely lqlhe ' dreadful sight you watiies»ed-:;Tm Ahi Y HTOck." Eke passed her -hand through . - my arm with -a aoft impulse that ai&rbea; i jne into a walk Yftit taenwu tfo real unconaciousness in her iray <rf jaaing . .' this — a diilrilikp intimiitinTi mligHr«Kfc ' walk without proposing it, and eobrealiSg : . the floF of our Bpeech -at the ; : that for some little while T was wcarc- - aenaible I held her arm, ! pacing with' her. 4,But TtbnfchjBre''tt ! ; more the matter with you, . Mr.ahi®r;-V she continued, with her -face gJimhyrn like pearl in the dusk, as ehe looked me, "than meets the eorI will notsay tho eye." ' . "Die fact is, Mha Jennjnga,". fLOAaja ;; abruptly, "J am bothered." rf. "By what?" .. . 4 ' Well, what think yon tf .lhBjrapkaoo which gre wa in me thatthisyaHit&rnf;» 'iff along with herljfc>the itoohenB enfolds her, Bome'wori-<d"iiridl,%Be;p miasion it is totawildeb vialbility tho fibber aaroea bT menSif practical j lidgmcht, ' like tyo'urJ|hHo servant?" ' ;x" . " ... v.- 4You want i»frifcTOmeJyaSMy ing that you are falling a fiftte ' "Nolh 7. <(0r yon too crearimf' ah return home." .iv>" "No again. . How "Why, by thejlrst cbnwtakmtuw? happen to elit indepeak-T fitzatagem tu prepare Vslfrid'a -nindgf& 1 your bidding us foreirtdl yhenHhehancfei happens?" x \- fcne epoke wzth- «ubdao4iotesm%! tremble of fretfulnosa m ib. / . 'Suffer jm to justify and with, thai I led Ihtr wLd stood withiblded the raiLxiear the He dropped his hknd andupOCLjMl itnri(rlit "Ita sn ' iriinil.airaiiul3GB w9 Jennings .what _ Uie men «xy forwonL" 4 Yon mean the woic, 'What .tho .men :.ere Siid i -71 ' 4 ' Well, miBo,4' bold that Mr. Monson 1100U was «3 easing hoard thcmkelvto begged 'emtojCod'e sir, y o uheard "I did."! anBwered.-.MWWH "Auottier <aptey.y-bty>pyWBM Jx.uro, J 'quite as as Muffins plins rhoric 4 'Thonkk, Finn; oak you," said >n3 our walk. »'> " 4tTeIl me atanifc gin.-. : I did . no, faffing pmlhiae and manner. ; "And yon Motxsbnl . \- . Yoii Ah wond er, w said twtthbrp smm W ' OK ! " BirniEKETi irrrns, 'UTETIE'R snMrnvE AT.DT. on Bosnn ! " SBS&tiot.; 4anunoutylro!6(4l'i«rf3 ®fiss?a3 iSlgesii to jdmyfcdit lfacApcpetttnt.lAiat jnButaWoi. adted out toi-oomeiiikE Uutt from e \- »ud!m m -of ha Ustant cUut S-gjrSH: :,f"fefe=3 : rBSuatSTE fHlteeontuW.) 