BAIRNSDALE ASSIZES. Wednesday, 24th June. SECOND DAY. (Before His Honor the Chief Justice and a jury of twelve.) Mr. J. T. T. bmith prosecuted for.tho THE EINDEKOW PIG STEALING CASE. The charge of the larceny of 85 pigs, the property- of Messrs Edwin Desailly and Digby Hoddinott, preferred against Sydney Vamey and William Biggs entered upon its second day’s hearing yesterday.—Mr For longc appeared for the defence. Of the bearings of the case our readers are from the full reports given in the JVews, of’ previous hearings of almost the same evi dence—namely, in the charges against Joseph Varney and Balfour—now well seized and to give in detail a recapitulation of the exhaustive and complicated evidence which has for the most part, already been published would be to do more than our readers would appreciate and more than we have space to supply. The feature of yesterday’s evidence was un doubtedly the contradiction of his previous statements by the witness, Frank Broome. Both counsel for the defence and for the Crown pointed this out to the jury in their closing addresses, and as will be seen below the effect of Broome’s change of testimony has given rise to the idea in the Crown prosecutor’s mind, that Balfour, who is now undergoing a sentence of three years for receiving some of the pigs, is innocent of the crime. For the defence, the first witness called \- Edward Saunders, licensee of thc“B:BtC." hotel, Bairnsdale road. Witness recollected the circumstances attending the commence ment of the trouble with the pigs. Witness had had business dealings with Balfour prior to the 21st May, 1889. Mr Forlonge : Did you ever give Balfour £12 at any one time?—No. Did you ever give him £11 in notes ?—No. Did you at any time after the pigs were stolen ever see Biggs and Balfour at your hotel?—Yes, about June. I did not hear any conversation between Balfour and Biggs. Cross-examined by the Crown :—Your brother-in-law is the accused, Sidney Var ney ?—Yes. When did you first know that he was charged with the offence ?—A few days after. Did you not know it that same Saturday night ?—I do not remember. Will you swear that you did not see Joe Varney on Saturday night, 18th May?—I would not. Did you not know that these pigs had been claimed ?—There was a rumor to that effect on the Saturday night. What was the rumor ?—As far as I remem ber it was that Desailly and Hoddinott had claimed some pigs which Balfour had sold. Did you not know that the pigs were taken on the Saturday ?—I was told so. Then what are you talking about a rumor for? Did you know it on Sunday, 19tli May? —I could not swear when 1 knew it first. Did you know it on the 21st May ?—I knew that they were taken by Desailly. Do you swear that you did not know any thing about it till Joe Varney was arrested ? —I will not swear so. I did not take any interest in the matter. Do you mean to say that you do not take any interest in the matter- in which your own brotlicr-in-law was charged ? Have you any account of any transaction with Balfour in your books prior to 21st May ?—Balfour had transaciions with me before that. What were they ?—I do not recollect. I know very well that he used to supply the house with small articles. Did you pay him cash?—Yes, or by cheque. Well, have you got your cheque book.— No. Did you ever pay him by your cheque.—I could not say. Did you know at the time that Biggs and Balfour had a conversation, that Hoddinnott had^charged him with selling pigs to Atkin ? Do you menn to say that Biggs didnot toll you ?•—He did not. Have you no knowledge that Biggs sold his horse, saddle and bridle in May 1889.— No. How is it that Biggs’ horse was put in your paddock by a person unknown to you ? 1 do not know. Do you swear you had no interest in that horse.—None whatever. Did you ever have any conversation with Joe or Sydney Varney about the stealing of these pigs, since the lltli May 1889.—No, I had no particular conversation. Had you any ?—No. ^ Very well, you are funny brothers-in His Honor then read to witness the ques tions as put by the Crown prosecutor. Witness : 1 had no conversation about the stealing of the pigs. The Crown Prosecutor: Did you or did you not have any conversation whatever with Joe Varney about the pig’s since you first heard of the charge? No—not in refer ence to the pigs. His Honor: What do you intend to say sir.—No conversation. What do you say ?—I had' mentioned to them about the pigs. His Honor: Well, then it is not true what 11 have taken' down. Now I will take it down again. You now say “ I have had conversation with Joe and Sid Varney about these pigs since May 1889.” The Crown Prosecutor : What was the conversation ?—I merely asked Joe if - he knew anything about the pigs. He said that he did not. : When did you liavc the conversation, with Sydney Varney ?—Some time after his arrest 1 asked him if he had stolen them. What was the answer.—He said he had got them from his brother (after a pause) some pigs. I would not say which. Joseph Samuel Varney, father of the pri soner, knew that the prisoner was going to leave the district prior to 13th May last. About that time he gave Sidney Varney a lot of-thirteen pigs. These were all medium and ordinary stores. Three or four days pre vious to this Mrs Varney gave pigs to Joseph Varney. Witness helped his son Sydney two miles on the road with the pigs. The Crown Prosecutor : Do you swear that you don’t know what pigs your son Joe was charged with stealing ?—I don’t. Well, I iuust say it is incredible. Do you mean to say "you yau never spoke to him ?—No I was not interested. I never at tended any of the trials and don’t know any thing about it. He was quite old enough to take care of himself. Do you read the newspaper reports !— And you did not know wlmt you sou was cluirged with.—No. • l)o you know why your son should assume the name of Dick Jones at Dargo High Plains ?—Well he was in trouble with some girl and wanted to get out of the way. Haue you ever asked your son who this girl is?—No. ; Well this is extraordinary I Varney’s cross-examination was followed by that off a witness, named Linden, whose evidence was unimportant. This closed the evidence for the defence, and the prisoners were called upon to make statements. ‘ Varney made the following. statement:— "I have never stolen the pigs which I have been charged with stealing. Balfour is -telling falsehoods. My father gave ime the 13 pigs as I wanted money to leave the dis trict. 1 sold the pigs to Balfour for £1210s. My father helped me drive -tlie pigs along the road, and on the Tuesday I went into Bairnsdale and got the cheque at Goold and Co’s office. This was on the 11th May, Be fore this, as I was in a scrape with a girl, I was going to legve the district. The pigs I sold to] Balfour were 28 stores, not fats.” Biggs said Your Honor and gentlemen of.tho.jury, I have been chargedwith steal ' ' / "■ - ' : ■ ' ing these pigs, aud I tell you that I know nothing whatever about them, nor anything belonging to them. Balfour's statement is false as iB also Constable Walkinshaw’s. I can positively say that Walkinshaw has sworn to-day the very words that came out of his own mouth and not mine. Walkinshaw said to me when I was sent to gaol, “ You are a one-sided sort of fellow, why dont you turn round on^thciVameys 1 “When I got to the railway station Varney icame up the road and said “ Did you get hail Bill ?” I said " No.” He said I have a man over here who will go bail for you—Tom Eaton." Eaton then came over and'saidhe would go bail for me, and there was another imnn, named Warren, who would also bail me. I afterwards saw him'at the railway station, and I said to him •* I thought you were going to bail me out.” He replied, “Sergeant Mullany has refused my bail,” Sergeant Mullany told me that Warren came to him and asked him to refuse his bail. Now, if the police had liked to-day they could have told you all about this. I left word with Saunders and a list of all the names whom I thought would bail me out. After this Walkinshaw said to me. If I were in nocent the same as you are, I would . throw the Varneys over. “ This . took ' place gentlemen and it shows you that the police do not care who sinks as long ns they Mr Forlonge then addressed the jury for the defence, reviewing the evidence ex haustively, and dwelling mainly up-m the unreliability of the witnesses Balfour, Clark, Volkraan, and Broome. Mr Forlongc’s ad dress lasted an hour and a quarter. Mr J. T T. Smith in the course of his ad dress to the jury, on behalfofthe crown made frequcnt-r&fiarcnca; to£moroa!a o.vidoniOB,»^]iio, altered testimony of this witness ho con sidered the most painful feature of the case for it was on Broome’s evidence that Balfour was convicted. He could not let the jury into the secrets of his own heart, but when he recalled the evidence of Broome on a former occasion, and beard to-day a different statement, he had to say that, .if the man Balfour be undergoing a sentence fora crime of which he was not guilty, it was a terrible thing to think of. . . . It was said that there had been one mistake made in Balfour’s case, and he did not wish to be a party to another. . . . There was no escaping from the view that it was Broome’s evi dence which convicted Balfour because Broome said he went to Balfour’s place on the 14th May, when the pigs were not there. Balfour’s case was that on Monday, 13th May, these six fat pigs were sold to him by Sid. Varney. If that were so, then these six pigs must have been at Bal four’s premises on the 14th. .. Broome (con tinued Mr. Smith later on) tells you to-day, gentlemen that lie has made a mistake, and this mistake has led to the most terrible consequences so far as that unfortunate and unhappy man, Balfour, is concerned—conse quences, gentlemen, that cannot ever be rec tified. If Balfour were to get his liberty to-morrow the tortures that that man must have endured—the tortures of an innocent man convicted—are of such nature as to be indiscribablc. The whole question of the case is; can you believe Broome ? If you cen, then, even according to Balfour’s story, Sidney Varney must be innocent and Bal four must have stolen the pigs. He now says these fat pigs were there on 16th May. He says that on Tuesday. 14th May, Balfour came to Broome’s place and Broome went with him to look at the pigs. This is Bal four's and Miss Volkman’s story and I think you will believe this story. I think you will come to the conclusion that Broome has made another mistake. It is a most painful thing to hear, according to Bigg's statement that he was able to get bail and yet unable to procure it. However, I think you will come to the conclusion that, throughout his Btory, painful as it is, in all human probablity the man Bnlfour has give truthful evidence all through this case and no doubt to his own detriment in some instances. . . It is the greatest relief to me that the jury disagreed on the last occasion, and I think it was most providential for me., . . Biggs in liis state ment sayB^ that he_.left certain names with Saunders in orderTto prbcure 'baiir "Why with Saunders, What .had Saunders to do with bail. Saunders who swore he knew nothing about Biggs f . . . Then as re gards Miss Volkman’s evidence. It was only natural that she should try to save him, whom, it seemed to her had been improperly convicted. . . This is one, I may say, of the most difficult, one of the most momen tous, and certainly one of the most respon sible, cases I have ever had placed in my hands or ever had it my duty to conduct. You cannot shut out Balfour’s case from the present one. It is present in every view of the evidence, and it comes in like a ghost at every turn. Of course, gentlemen, if we were to allow our sympathies , to affeet us in this case, it would not be conducted in a proper way. It is a painful thing to think that this young man just entering upon life should be sent to a felon’s doom; you should give him the benefit of every doubt and it would be your pleasure, the pleasure of honest men to came back into court and announce in a firm honest voice Not guilty.” But gentlemen have you any doubt that two of the men who stole those pigs stand before you. If you have not then it will be equally your duty to say that they are both guilty. His Honor, at a quarter past seven p.m., adjourned his summing up till 10 o’clock this morning. 