NOTES AND COMMENTS. And why should they not be taxed? The footballers are the parties in question, or rather the tens of thousands who gather to see the football play. " Let us tax their takings," it is suggested, "in the interests of the charities." They take a thousand pounds at a single match. They play half a dozen matches every Saturday. They break limbs and sprain sinews. They destroy all the good order which was wont to prevail amongst the greatest crowds on the metro- politan grounds. Where of old we heard hearty hurrahs, and bravos, and musical clapping of hands, there are now "Oaths, insults, filth, and monstrous blasphemies." Certainly, in the old days, we used to hear, " Hit him, Bonnor ; hit him over the fence !" Or, "Bowl him, Spoff ; bowl him down!" But it was the ball and the stumps they meant then. Now it is "Stiffen him, Jem !" "Lay him out !" " Waltz on his chest !" and the people who shout these things actually mean and desire that their champion should perform these deeds on the natural bodies of their opponents. And, then, at the railway stations. Let Port Melbourne tell its tale. And what will Prince's-bridge and the new long tunnel be in the first football season after the openings of the new lines to Col- lingwood and Fitzroy ? Oh, certainly, they deserve to be taxed. But what shall we do with the taxes ? Give them to the charities, is the ready reply. But charity in Melbourne is some- thing like the horse leech with halt a dozen daughters, and it may perhaps be (that this money, considering the way it is won, might be better applied. Say at least charity begins at home with football as with other natters. Let half the money taken at the gates be ap- plied to a work of very necessary reform in connection with football. Give a moiety, say, to a learned professor of the genteel art of barracking. Let him coin phrases or epi- thets for the crowds, and let no expression be used that does not proceed direct from him or that has not passed his censor- ship. It some enthusiast of the game invents or happens on a " pretty phrase," let him bring it to the " barracking master," who if he approve of it shall bestow a suitable reward, and it shall straightway be incorporated in the "barracker's vocabulary." Then for the protection of this source of revenue let a half-a-dozen special constables be paid to attend every meeting, with power to eject all and sundry who do not keep within the four corners of the authorised vocabulary. And let all footballers be sworn to aid and assist these men if at any time the crowd should attempt to deal roughly with them. And, further, it would be well to expend a considerable sum in the compiling of a footballer's manual of good be- haviour. To have little simple essays, say on such subjects as these, "How to put up with an unexpected defeat." " How to carry oneself after a brilliant victory." " When and how colours should he worn." " Proper conduct at a railway station," and "In a railway carriage." "On the folly of illogical and absurd blasphemy." "On the nastiness which sometimes attaches to smoking." These are but a few amongst many matters of which footballers and their patrons seem sadly ignorant or neglectful, and in which a little education would be very well purchased by expenditure of a moiety of their gains. But should there be quibbles about this, should the footballers even object to make any contributions for charitable purposes, it would still be well for them to give up some portion of their gains—to give them up though they should be pitched into the sea, or cast into Chancery, or expended on sub- urban town-halls, or laid out in "doubles." "Oh, it thou grow rich," and Edward Irving on quite a different occasion ; " oh, if thou should die rich, I will be ashamed of thee." Football has grown rich, and we are reason- ably ashamed of it. It may, unless it purge itself and live cleanly, die rich, and then we shall be endowed with permanent shame and loss. For, after all, it is a noble, a healthful, a grand game. The greatest of the last generation of schoolmasters in New South Wales. The Rev. J. F. Macarthur, just dead, used to say, "Let them break a leg, or two, or an arm or two, if it must be so, but keep the cricket and the football fields alive. I tell you they are worth the training they necessitate ; do more for temperance, soberness, and chastity for keeping a boy's or a youth's body pure-a proper temple for the Holy Ghost- than all I can do in study or classroom or chapel." And there were many people who did not understand him. But it really is a great and a useful game, and has nobler purposes than simple recreation. But the root of all evil is nesting like a cancer in its vitals. The big gate money makes big fees to professionals possible. The pro- fessional begins to take the "sixty to forty " from the bookmakers. The "followers" lay their dirty shillings, and frequently it is not the game alone which is at stake, but a day's or a week's earnings. And the crabbed and chagrined people going home are not mourning over lost glory, but nursing wrath and secreting spleen over lost cash. Yes, let the game be taxed, and taxed well, if only for its own sake. Many thanks to "Commercial No. 2" for his letter about the railway carriage lights. It is very true, as he says, "this matter of lighting is now no longer to be put off." What should we think of the hotelkeeper who hung a dingy kerosene lamp ten feet above his dining table, and in answer to re- monstrances said, "electric science will be more developed by-and-bye, and then we will mend matters."' Why should the railway people wait for electricity ? Can't they cut three holes in the roof of every compartment, instead of one as at present, and put in three lamps ? Or cannot some fixings be arranged in the corners of the carriage ? Heavens, how quickly the whole affair would be done it tenders were called in the open market for the effective lighting of all the railway car- riages. "Commercial No. 2 " had a word or two to any about the new and luxurious car- riages recently built for the long journeys. It is naught but folly and ingratitude to rail at them. They are nice, they are comely, they are luxurious, and a credit to the department and the colony. But just fancy now, when I take my friend from far lands on a trip, and introduce him to the rosewood and the damask, the marble and the ormolu, and settle him down amongst the velvet cushions, and bid him rest and, rejoice and give glory to the genius that devised all these things ! Aye, it is very pleasant to fancy it all, but there is a bit of reality to come after. Dinner time approaches, and he dreams, doubtless, of turbot and salmon, of grouse and pheasant, or at least of good honest kangaroo-tail and schnapper and a fat saddle of mutton. But the train stops ; the dinner-bell rings. And I, what have 1 to do ? Just to take him out of that; paradise and introduce him to an eighteenpenny feed, with an unwashed swagman on the other side, who will pro- bably introduce himself. And this sort of thing must continue, we are told, for at least twelve months longer. 