is A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. Br W. C. P. s, Oa modern civilisation has devised a- many novel methods whereby those who le are matrimonially inclined may secure hus it bands or wives; but we venture to say y that, amongst those whom singular acci o- dents ormatrimonial agencies havebrought u together, it would be difficult to find any it whose fate has been determined by a more remarkable conjunction of circumstances d than that described in the following narra if tive. Every link in this singular chain It was forged by superstition, and yet, as t things turned out, all ended happily. Many years ago there lived at the little a English illage of Bakewell, in Derbyshire, g a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old man and his wife had one \- daughter, Annie, a bright-eyed, dark-haired f girl of" sixteen - She wds good-looking, and though possessed of many feminine graces, a she could almost do a masculine amount of work,andwasthereforeagreatsupportto her it father- and-mother. She could manage farm if work of most sorts, and when that was not to be. had, she would find something to employherin aneighbouring mine. Neces sarily she. came into contact with a good many of the rougher sex, and, being a good-natured, willing girl, had already e made "se-eral conquests over their suscep s tible'hearts, but had never yet seen the one a she would have liked to marry. t, In those days, superstition was at its d height, and any difficulty that wanted a solving was submitted to the power of h spells for divination. Most of the ignorant r implicitly believed in their efficacy, and I practised them to a great extent. Annie was no exception, and, young though she was,she had a strong desire to know her futurefate. Once she had even exhorted a priest who , passed that way to solve the secret for her, f but he warned her not to tempt the Virgin e or pry into the unknown. Gipsies had g told her fortune, but it was never fulfilled. All manners of charms and incantations e had she tried, yet without success; but for all this she did not despair, and placed as t much trust in every succeeding trial as she a had done in the first. r On St. Thomas's Eve, she took the pre " scribed but unpoetical large red onion, anid t stuck nine pins in it, according to the custom. This she did by making a little I circle of eight of them, and placing the ninth in the middle, naming it "true love." This she put under her pillow, and repeated the all-powerful verse: r Good St. Thomas, do me right, " 1 Send me my true love to ntght, a In his clothes and his array, Which he weareth every day." That night, in happy dreams, she saw the young man who was to be her future hus band; but the features were strange to her, though he wore labouring clothes. Ever after, she looked intently at every fresh face, to discover a likeness to her vision, but without success. When New Years Eve came round, she invited some of her young friends to come and join in merry homely pastimes. All sorts of curious games they played, and the pleasant joke passed freely round in a manner that would put to shamb many of the sham, cold.and uncomfortable receptions of the present day. As a conclusion to the evening's entertainment, Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled with what r was called a cold posset, of her own making. It was made of milk, ale, eggs, currants, and spice; and lastly, but not least, her mother's wedding-ring was thrown in. Then each guest took a ladleful out, and in so doing attempted to catch the ring. for whoever did so was certain to be mar 1 ried before the next year was out. Whether Annie had prepared it with a charm or not, certain it is that she was the lucky one who fished up the ring; and loud were the cond gratulations on all sides, for she was much beloved by her companions. 1 These repeated predictions onlyincreased r her curiosity, and she lost no opportunity of further solving her destiny. On St. Valentine's Day, therefore, she - peeped through the keyhole before opening the outer door, in the hope of seeing two or more persons, in which case she would have 3 a sweetheart very soon. But better still, a she saw a cock and hen, which denoted, according to Derbyshire belief, that she would be married before the year was out. Everything seemed to concur in promising her married felicity that year, and yet, in quisitive girl, she did not know who was her sweetheart! She was sure it was no t one she had ever seen before,for the face in t her dream was totally different from any 1 she could remember. S -Thus time went on, and she was no wiser t than .ever. Midsummer-Eve had arrived, c and she determined to carry out a bolder project than ariy she had before attempted, to confirm her former dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, and the last I one that had performed it five years before was a' wild runaway whom they did not care to emulate. But Annie was a brave c girl, and dared to attempt it, for her own satisfaction. Here parentswere not averse I to it, but let her have her own way, fore seeing no harm; they placed great trust in the'girl; and so feared nothing. The charm she intended to perform was this: to go to the churchyard at midnight, and when the clock struck twelve, to run t a similar number of times round the church, t repeating: 1 " I sow hempseed--hempseed I sow, He that loves me best, Come after me and mow." The figure of the young woman's lover is then supposed to appear and-follow her. :Asthe time approached she felt rather nervous; but being a girl of good spirit, she braced herself up for the occasion, and at half-past eleven o'clock bade " Good-night" to her father and mother, with a cheerful heart. Although sul:erstitious, she was not afraid, and had often gone at night to I strange 'places where a iaan would have featedt venture near. iut a churchltyar at midniglit is not a very congenial spot, though upon this night the moon shone t a brilliantly and she could see tile old church Squite plainly in the distance, Tlhough \- fancying she saw figures flitting here and Sthere as the moon was temporarily obscured Sby the white fleecy clouds, she went on un daunted till she reached the little porch,I and the gate creaked l npen at hier touch. t Though she was alone, and almost wishing a she had not come, her curiosity and pride Sresolved her. She waited un-asily till tilhe s old bell clanked out its dismal sound--the a ghostly signal of spirit revelry- and the wind rustled in the trees with an eerie sough. Rountl andt round thle old familiar Sgraveyard she sped, leering into the datrk Sshadows she was unable to penetrate, antl t \- trembling with excitement. Once she a stopped and looked intently at the shadow , of a tall shlrulb where shle thought she saw \- some btodily form. Her imnagination was so s strong that she could make out thle features a she had seen in her dream; but the moon gleaming forth at that moment, dispelled Sthe illusion. Vexed with her disappoint ment, shite again sped on, construing every o shadow into a spectre. She had been round eleven times, and was despairing of suc e cess, when in the moonlight she saw, this s time quite plainly, the figure of a young m- an whose fitce seemed o resemble that of her dream. He wore ordinary working \- clothles, and was watching her in intense aexcitement. It was no ghost, but a real a live humnn being. She stopped, breathless, e while thie young man, seemingly desperate, a walked towards her. She did not recoil, r but waited his approachl. Nearer andt Snearer lhe came, andt all his features ap Speared familiar to hier. At Ist le totuchled SIher, and thle fatisctinating spell weas broken; both were theni perfectly certain of the Sothers lbodily existenr c Hils was an lhonest, frank face. and shie truititd himll \- instinctively. lie was ldelighlteld with hier e m(dest beatcuty ; and a seri--s of ntntial ex Splmaltions followedl; andl after a little tilifie he fiathontmed the secret of the lblushing girl. Seoth considered it a decree I of fate that they hadl thul's met, and plightel e their htipty troth in the olt churchyard, t sealing it with ai timte-lihonour-ld kis. I Il ailppearance, Ihowever, at the church nwas tdue to an entirely dtifferent cause, I which hlie explainel to Atnnio as hlie joyfully a tled her to hier hoime. ills namie was \- Richard Rantdom, and hie livedl at the little \- village of Shellon, four miles off; but Scurioultslv enoughl hald never bIefore seen c Annie or shie himi, though Ihe had been to Bnkewell sevenral times before. lie had \- been suffering acutely from the plilosophy \- defying pain, tootlhachle, for a long time, a, int hail tinstecessfully triedt many mealns t to cure it. The last cure hIe had attempted was s one peculiar to Derhyshlire, thle lmin being supposed to be causid Iv a worm an old Ibehef mentionetd by Sh:lkecspeare in Mtuch Ado abou t Nothing. To extract it a they have rqcourse to a curious methlod: a small quantity of dried rind ppowdered herbs is placed in a cup, and a hot coal dropped on it; the sufferer then holds his or her open mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoke as long as it can be borne. Then the patient breathes hard into another cup full of water, when it is said the grub or worm can be seen in the water. This, how ever, Richard had tried without success, and was at a loss what to do next, when a new arrival from Durham told him of another charm which was practised in that county. This he was only too glad to try, to cure if possible the "love-pain," as they called toothache in these parts. The horridl charm was this: The patient must go to the churchyard at midnight and bite a tooth from an old skull, and the pain would leave him for ever. We have seen how he came to the churchyard, and how doubtless his "love-pain" left him, and by a much more agreeable process., lie had seen the girl running round-the church long before-he reached it, and had wondered what it could be. Then he remembered the old Derby shire custom onMlidsummer Eve, and deter mined to find out whether it was a spectre or not. The rest Annie knew, and how agreeably both had been surprised; and when they arrived at her home, matters were explained to the entire satisfaction of all It was such coincidences as these, and sonietimes perhaps preconcerted plans, that sustainied the old belief in these customs and superstitions. Many of the village girls were now ambitious to try tins sovereign sweetheart charm, and for some years after the churchyard at Bakewell presented a lively "spectral" appearance on each MidsummerEve. Annie's curiosity was now satisfied, and three months after her strange rencontre she was married to Richard Random at the ancient church she had so successfully cireled. Loud and long were the acclamations of joy that were raised in the village, and the old bell clanked with a merrier tone than it had ever done before. All rejoiced that Annie was happy, though many wreaths of flowers were hung on the doors of her unsuccessful lovers, according to Bakewell custom. It only remains to add that Annie became a dutiful wife, and took events as they came, without attempting to peer too far unto the future; while Richard Random was never again troubled with the toothache or "love pain." 