THE TRAMP'S RETURN, Back from the highway the lindens ware Their stately leaves in the deepening light. Behind them rises a moss-grown roof. Like a lose grey ghost in the misty night. No home-light ghams through the broken pane; No house-dog watches the open door; No voices warble a sweet refrain; No patter of footsteps across the floor. Lone and deserted the old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds flit through the silent rooms, Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and window pane ? Where are the dear ones who watched with love The steps that pattered a sweet refrain 1 One by one they were garnered in To the fold of the tender Shepherd's care; Who keeps from danger and tree from sin All who are gathered and waiting there. Until of the number who there did dwell, With careless laughter, merry and free; Bnt three were left in the cottage grey 'Neath the mots-grown roof of the linden tree. Father and mother and youngest born Alone were left 'neath the old roof-tree; Alone they wept o'er the pulseless forms For the faces they never again could see. Bnt bnoyant youth, with his bopefnl heart. Looked forth to the future with longing eyes; And father and mother, and home and friends Were left for the beanty of fairer skies. Out on the highway a ragged form Comes feebly along by the broken gate. Who are Ills friends and where is bis home 1 Where is he going to-night so late 1 Only a tramp! to be shunned of men; Homeless and friendless, hnngiy and poor; Why does he pause in the misty light, And Badly look toward the cottage door 1 Only a tramp! to be scoffed at and jeered. And driven with loathing from door to door. Moneyless, homeless, friendless, and lone; Homesick and weary, heartbroken and poor. Only a tramp! with a groan of despair, He tremblingly opens the broken gate; And/eele through the awful stillness there That be has returned alas! too late. No loving voice welcomes the tramp's return As feebly he totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless, and lone; Tired end discouraged, friendless and poor. No one to pity him; none to forgive; N o one to suceonr him; none to caress; No one to care for him; sick and alone; God pity the tramp in his homelesaness. Helen Barton Densmore, in Rural World, -I 