BRIGAND AND BRIDE. A Calabrian Romance. Story of a New York Elopement. -An event has just occurred in tho Italian colony at tho foot of Union-street, in tho Sixth Ward of Brooklyu, that has stirred up tho people thcro to a greater degroo than inoy navo been stirrou since the murder ot l'hillipo Raymini, throb years ago (says tho New_ York Mercury"). Tlio event in question is a romantic elopement with a vendetta of glorious and glittering possi bilities rising out of it. Six years ago, in tho mountains of Calabria, there lived n young man named Miguel Eerrazo. He was a strong-limbed, dark-eyed, swarthy, hnndsonio young follow, who, by hard work and strict attention to business, had earned for himself a competency as captain of a band of brigands who levied tribute oil tho main road to Reggio. Overseeing the oper ations of liis men, and visiting six of tho most beautiful wives who ever gladdened a doting husband's heart, gave him plenty of occupation, and ho was as happy as a iark till lie met Annette Bobriols riding in her father's carriage. Sho wusa Brunch girl, aud as fair as the brigand himself was dark. for it kb sake ; ho restored lier father to freedom without ransom, gave him 'his, own horse and' car- l'iago to drive, and sent him to tho city to brhig a priest, for Miguel, being a devoutly religious man, was very particular to havo a ceremony at. each wedding. Several priests who had refused to extend tho sacrumont of matrimony in his case roposed boneath suit- able monuments in the graveyard, which ho had started for his clients. - After Miguel tuid Annotte were married tho chieftain built for his bride a beautiful bower in one of tho wildest, loveliest glens in all Calabria, and tho young couple settled -down for what promised to be one uninterrupted round of bliss, clouded only by the fact thuta brigand enptnin cannot afford to let innocuous desuotudo overgrow liiin. Miguel bad to bo up and doing to sustain his reputation. Travellers had taken to riding- at night, in the hopo of escaping untaxed, and the chief had: as many night calls as a popular doctor.- But, in spito of these -little - interruptions, of his ..happiness, all went woll with Miguel and his bride . < ! v until nis six wives, / - j; )' who lived in neighboring villages, learned of liis new alliance. -They proceeded right away . to mako trouble,' and tho ; young mail's heart' wa3 heavy till- ho had killed throo , of. his tormentors and chased the others over tho mountains and. far beyond tongue shot/ Then die rejoiced again, but not for long, - for one night, when the storm swept -.'down from the mountain tops and rocked the brigand's bower, a sum mons cdmo to Miguel calling him to the valley to rob a bishop. lie went-, but found . no bishop. When ho returned to his Iiouso ho discovered that Annette had fled with Pedro Eaunini, his lioutouant. Wild with rago, Eerrnzo summoned his band, pursued the runaways to tho city gates, hut could not come up with them. Ho was genuinely in love with Annette and showod it by denud ing her father of his nose and ears when . ho caught him a .fow days a'ftor the -elopement. . The ' robber chief, assuming Various disguises, hung about Reggio till ho ascertained beyond a doubt. his wife and lior lover . il\d fled to america. Then ho returned to -his mountain homo.: But his spirit'sccmcd broken, and lie sat in front of his' dwelling day after day on agrey rock shedding crystal tears that ploughed deep, dark beds in -"the- upper strata ot his antique complexion. At first his men sym pathised, then they laughed, then they -re-: voltcd. It seomed to thoin that if thoir leader was to be in future nothing but a sijoolaolo tlioy might as well havo -some amusdmoiit. Accordingly the melancholy rcverios of Eerrnzo wero broken in upon one summer , aftcriiooii by a volloy y of reyolvor shots, that knocked pieces out of him, mid gave - hiin moro than a general hint to move. He re signed liis leadership on the spot without -staying' Lor -' formalities, and mado. a rapid retreat, and the menu lains know him no more. ' < Ono Monday evening about 10 o'clock a' tall, dark athletic-looking man with big gold ring3 in his ears, deeply-scarred chccic aud glittering black eyes, entered the wino shop of P. Gabriello and Co., in tho baso-' inent of a tall brick house in an alley that: puts out of Union- street, near Hamilton Perry, in Brooklyn. -He called for a glass of wino and drank it down. As he did so his oyo mot those of tho. man wlio had served him, and who was staring as if lie had socii a ghost. tiie stranger started back, and with a curse disappeared into the dark ness. In that moment the brigand chief and his lieutenant 'litid .recognised each. other. Ga- briollo, who related thostory to a Mercury reporter by means of an ' interpreter, yes terday said I knew . that man would pursue us to tlio eiid of tho world, and'thut when we met it was his lifu or mine; hut I. had been living in Brooklyn for fivo years without hearing a word about him, ancl I was lulled into a falso security. On Mon day, at midnight, I wont to my home above the wilio shop. I told -Annette, und! sho - swore sho would bo true - to 1110, and that she hutod P'orrazo. On Tuesday I caught a glimpse of . hiin - --turning' tiio coniei' of llicks-strcet: at Union,, bub I watched too : closely for. him to '.approach, and when I went . down to the shop on . Wednesday morning I thought .'all was secure. But oil Wednosday evening I got a 'message to. come at once to my rooms. I left . my sliop iu charge of a boy and wont. In .a chair by tho window sat Annette frowning, and standing up near the door confronting . mo was Miguel. Ho smiled and stretched out his hand, which I took. Ho said ho had lotig ugo forgiven the trick wo played, and had . given ur ALT- thought OF vengeance. It pleased him, ho doolarod, to see us so happy. ' I sat down by Annette and she smiled, and Miguel sat by us. All drank wine, and after a timo I felt sleepy, I had just a little, dim idea, that all was not right, aud I tried to rise and speak, but could not. That is all I remember. Wbonlawolco I was alone. My trunk, which stood by tho bedside, was broken open. 1 looked within, and the bag of gold, £151)0, with which I was going to roturn to Italy noxt year, was gone. On the table was this note in Miguel's handwriting "September 2.— 'P. Pannini (or Gabriollo).— Signor,— When you read this I will lie far away with iny wife, whom yoii stole from ine. Parowell, traitor. I havo spared your life tins time, but bbwaro liow you oross iny path again.— PerRazo. (Your old oommaudor.)' Beneath tho signature was tlie bleeding heart, thrust through with a poigiiard— that was the seal of our band. Tliey were gone, true enough, and- nobody saw them go. But I will find thorn, and then— — " ' . _ Some of Gabriollo's neighbors have coun- soiled him to appeal to the police, but he only shakes his head and sharpens his dagger. Ho has agents looking through tlio Italian colonics ' of Now York, Boston, and Philadelphia for tho runaways. Annette was noted as the most beautiful young woman in tlio Italian colony of South Brooklyn. Sho dressed with Prencli tiisto and skill, and attracted a . great deal of attention on the stroots. Her neighbors say she always lived happily with Pamiini; and precisely what induced her to change husbands again may never be known. 