HERMIT OF COHUTTAS. Or "Crazy Bill." He Loved and Lost. Hion up on the side of tho Cohutta Moun tains, which skirt the northern portion of tho State, may bo seen to-day a dismal- looking shanty, built of hewn logs, with a narrow door which works on a rusty, creak- ing pair ui muges on ono cnu, wnno a smau siiutterless window relieves the monotony on .the other side, and furnishes an airhole for the ventilation of the rude cabin. The hut is built ot chestnut logs, which have never been stripped- of their bark, uud this of itself but adds to the forlorn picture presented to tho eye. The house is set on the edge of an abrupt precipice, with only a view of the distant ground bolow on one luind and tho side of the mountain as it rears its head above tho clouds on the other, while in the front and rear of tho building there is a dense forest of chestnut and pine trees, studded here and there by a giant oak, with an undergrowth of Bcrubby bushes : — the one path to the cabin. But one path runs through this wood, down the Bide of tho mountain, and it is ulmost lost as it winds its way to the valley hundreds of feet below. It is said tho sun never shines on tho cabin at all ; that its bright rays never break through the dense foliago that over hangs it aud lets one tiny sunbeam play on the mo9s-covered roof. In this tho house is like its occupant, for no light of hope or joy or happiness ever breaks upon his soul, and the only pleasure that he finds in living is when he iB hunting tho birds and beasts that have their habitation on tho mountain side, or when he sits alone ou an old log and meditates over tho past and the story of his life, for it is seldom that any human being ever finds his way to the, queer house, and if, perchance, some ono does follow up tho little path the itian,; or ruther the' hermit, for such lie has made himself, makes . a quick retreat to tho inner recesses of tho hut, bars tho stout door, and defies the unwelcome visitor to enter. There is quite a story connected witli the hermit life of this mail, and why it was commenced. It is that story which I choose to tell. Way back in the early thirties there was settled in a littlo village not far from Atlanta, which hus since grown to be one of the most prominent of Georgia's smaller cities. Among tho first fami lies to mako their homo in the new town wero those of Mr. Hern- don, who owned a largo rice plantation near Savannah, and Mr. Lylo, who moved from tlie blue gross region of Kentucky. Theso families -settled on neighboring lots and from that, as well as tho fact that they were all strangers in a strange placo, there grew up a strong friendship betweeutho two households. The heads of the families often talked tocether and consulted over matters of business, while tlio children played and romped and sent up their. merry shouts as they indulged in their pleusant games. In the Herndon family there were five children, three girls alid two boys. The elder of the boys was William Fletcher Herndon, a bright, uiauly littlo fellow of about 12 years of age. Only two children had been given to Mr. Ljle and his wife. Of. these oho was a littlo boy, while the other was a beautiful ten-vear-old girl, with chestnut gold hair, largo brown eyes, and a beautifully-rounded face, and on her cheeks was tho ruddy glow of color that a happy life and plenty of good exorcise will impart to a child. Bhe was a sunbeam of a girl, and no ono bid fairer to make a prettier womuu than did Dora Lyle. It was no wonder, then, tnat being thrown together as they were there Bprang up a childish love on tho part of William Hern- don for Dora, and as tlio boy was handsome and bright, thero is nothing strange iu the fact that the girl-returned tnat love. Time went on. The one grew to be a young man of 20. GOOD-LOOKING, CLEVER," AND ACCOM PLISHED, But a farmer good as anybody, but a working man, while the other merged into a young lady of 16, the beauty of childhood being brought out more clearly and dis tinctly, and, made oven more beautiful by tho maturity of womanhood. Tlio fancied lpvb of tho children grew in reality with these two ; all the village knew of the allivir, and it was concedod that they would bo married. But fato had decreed other wise. It was in the summer of 1352 that a richly dressed stranger made his appearance at the homo of the Lylcs and sought board. Thero was a Bparo room iu the Iioubo, and good mother Lylo, with her eye to business, agreed to take the stranger in. Thero sprang up an intimacy between Dora Lylo aud tho straugor, but no ono suspected a lovo affair, and timo passed on until the day arrived when Will Herndon and Dora wero to be married. It was a bright September day, when tho sun had gone down in all tho beauty and splendor of an autumnal sunset and tho shades of night had fallen about tho world, aud tlioso of tlio citizens of tho little villago wlio had been invited to the wedding began to assemble at tho Lyle resilience. Win happy at heart and full of tho inspirations of thto new life oponing before him, hastened to the house of his promised bride to claim her as his own. But there was something wrong, no bride met nis comino, ' nor could she be found anywhere. Quick and eager search was made for her, but in vain. Then, too, it was discovered that the stranger boarder had disappeared also. It took but a short while for tho rumor that ' Dora had left Will for the stylish sum mer boarder to gain circulation and credence among the guests. This was found true, for the next day a letter was received from the man, stating that he and Dora had been married in a neighboring town the night before, and were then on their way to a distant part of tho State, whero tlioy would make their home. Poor Bill ! It sebmcd as if tho shame and mortification and tho loss of Dora would drivo him mad. He acted as a crazy man, and taking a picture of the girl, which he had in his room, he would sit down for hours at a time, looking at it. and crying like a child. Several days afterward he called in a number of friends, and in their presence smned this oath : "I, William Herndon, do solemnly swear that from this day I will never associate with limn or woman again, and I swear also that if over I hear of Dora Lyle having been dono any lmnn by anyone that I will hunt down tlio person who is guilty of the act, and will kill biin- us I would a venomous roptile. So help mo God 1" ' . A strange oath that for a man to sign, but Bill signed it, aud the same day ho went off to tho mountains and couiihouced work on the hut where yas to bo his lonely home, and began his strange life of seclusion from tho world, fleeing 'from every one, and dead, though living; looking upon every visitor, as a ghost of the past haunting hiin anil mak ing his present all the more miserable. Many years have passed since then; The pretty Dora Lyle of "that day is now a handsome old woman of 50'yeais. She is still living, happily it is said, as tho wife of the summer boarder, who lias since made a name for himself in Georgia. -She is the mother of several children, and has a num ber of grandchildren who lovo to play about her kne'e and hear her tell the story of her early life. William Herndon, " Crazy Bill,"- as the littlo children in that section call him, is a gray-baircd man of 58. lie has kept his Btrange oath sacredly, and if perchance you should ever' strike the path which leads up to. his hut .-and could gain a sight of the place before he saw you a man -could be seen sitting out in front of the shanty mumbling words that sound un natural and weird-liko ; a man that has for saken home, friends, and relatives, and made an outcast of himself because of a love affair, trifling as some will call it. When you have seen that man you have seen tho hero, if such lie may bo called, of this story. When you see him you will see William F. Herndon, . who once bid fair to bo one of God's noble men, but who is now only " Crazy Bill, tho hermit of Cohuttas I 