Fair Inez of Seville A STORY IN RHYME, By HERBERT E. WRIGHT, Author of "Sir Rupert the Block," &c.;, [AN RIGHTS RESERVED.] Lovely Inez de las Todaa Was the faireat maid in 8eTille, barely damsel over showed as Light a loot in danoe or revel. When she went to Mass or Plaza* Hank and fashion longed to gree. ber Siphing as they lined her path-aii 1 Oh 1 too lovely Btiorita 1, TboEe of course were rare oocssiona, For the Spanish rule's to pen a Pretty daughter ('gainst evasions Guiktiiin/t) with an old duenna, Sfci51 she o<">uld not hflo observing How each upark looked like a hero, Hew eyes flubbed, btue.v.h the curyiag Brim of a well made sombrero* Most towards Count Aguardiente Was the maiden heart inclining (He hsd ancestors iu plsnty, Though hia pockets wanted lining.}, But her father bade her biniih Thoughts of peeuilera hidalgos; Sayiug-though, of course, in .Spanish-? ''To a weaUby eponsa my gal.goeE," And accordingly he brought her Ancient wocrs, dry and weedy, Who would wed and leave hia daughter i'vtry Bingle maravedi. Obe t.here wag, the'leaat abhorrent 'Rich- and siokly in addition W hen ahe chose to stein the torrent Of fcer Jather'a disquisition, This was Seiior Don Fuaeone,. iWi'.h a Lasul oigan beaky, With.a frame extremely bony And a voice miuato and squeaky. So »-he oonldn't help regretting, Handsome, smart Aguardiente; Tbiiuebt awtile, maybe, of fretting for tbat youth of one and twenty. While the Count tugged _hi3 moustaches For some taheme in vain endeavor; ' Thieking ftlwijo, " 0 how harsh is if ate lEom Iotz me to sever 1" Prom the dawn he kept on tagging,. {Till the pun was fast declining; Now ana then h« shoulders shrugging, . And-he never thought of dining, Till at length hia friend "Del Spado '(Biuejr-biouGbd,- poorer thinner Then the-C^unt e'en) oned "Trovado l Go my ftisnd, ana order diouer" "Go," he adds, "and purohasa^ssoaea If ycu reaiij mean to mate her} Get the biggest of falee no&ea; |Buy a bat for one Peseta. - "Q'hreadbare'cloat.yonrfaQttmnat swaddle 1» ?Li-f.B.look thisr.a» macaroni: .. . . j Aid, in abort, yonrooif to moiiel. .Oii that mummy Don Fnaoona. "!Ni<ar the frnit there aits a dragoa . Y. u must conquer ere you win it5 Etrr.ehe love? to up the fl*aoo; ,GivO;ber;»me-with something in it," This advice of his old orony Pleoeed the Count, who bought the rosBB, GVit, to looklike UuaFaBCone, ' The facsimile of noses. And in hat, to hide hiB face meant, ;SfBg in a bewitching tenor Underneath fair Inez's casement, Till ne roueed the old dnenna, Tiien advanced to stop her Buarling, iArpnmentB of gold, and weighty, Gave her f re he wooed his darling, Doctored drama of Pajerete, "Oh 1 believe me. grace embodied !'' ., Cried the Count, his noble bneea on; Wnile the old duenna nodded, All unconscious of the treason, > ".Tbat I iove thee ! Wilt than love rce 2 Sj-'sabj my darling Inez, speak O ! Ejy the heaven tbat hanga above me ._ Let mo be thine own Euriao." "Sir, yonr warmth and words embarrasB iMe," tiiid Inez, notwithstanding J IBrte she pushed him through ihe ana», : Hearing steps upon the landing), Entered then her father to her ; With her anmefct would bB sposo, Wfcflo "the hidden younger wooer , Quaked-at least we may suppose so. After lengthy bowa and scraping, And some chit-chat to ba arch meant, The old man began untaping, 'Musty roila of yeilow parchment. Efow he chnckled, how he sniggered 1 (Wine had warmed hia usual caution) 3\\-llitig how he'd robbed-fonl niggard-' ' jEabes and 7/idowa of their portion. "Usury at cent, per cent, is Priunt-see this one out of many 5 O.'ee 'twas young Aguardiente's 'And it cost me scarce a penny," Olhers' wroegs mayn't nause emotion, But to heat that you've been swindled 13 fia'other sort of nntmri; . ho j&wiao; = wrata waa kuiiiad. Bushing out he crie;i,'' vile wizard ! Bay an ave or a credo, Ero I rnn jou through, the gizzard,. With the point of my Toledo. f'Sainta in heaven !" shrieked old iFcuoona "Is't my ghost/.with outatxetahed blade there.? Mia Culp -" then with a groan ha Fell upon the floor and stayed thaw; There they left him for the preaant ; While of noBe, oloak, hat diveatedj Stood the Count and-«was'BO pleasant In hia aims fair Inez restedt . Then, before old Da laa Tod&a;, . Knelt they down the parquet hard on ; And in thetime honored mode, as I have heardc demanded pardon, Soon the father ceased to glower, '?For/'thoughthe, "theC^antpoaaesBing His estates, his wifB can dowar." So he gave the pair hia blessing. " Ble's yon, both my obildren, blees yon ! (And, for this old rogue, _a fico !f; Don't let thought of him distress yoa) . iilecB you, Inez acd Eotico!" 