PBETTY ANNIE. Th» befell in the old days, mad. as my friend Private Mulrancy was specially careful to make clear, t'u Unrageaeiatc. There huu been a royal dog fight in the nullah at the back of the rifle butts between Rearoyd’s Jock and Ortheris’s Blue Rot—both mongrel ltampnr hounds, chiefly riba and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling minutes, and then Blue Rot collapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and sre were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Ilampurs fight over a couple of acres of grouud. Later, when theaouadof belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died nway, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble toil deermsome respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up n sort of imp in their breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider' themselves Euperiorto privates of the liuo: it shows the refining influence of civilisation and the march cf progress. Tide provoked tale, amt each tale more boor. Even dreamy Learoru's eyes began to brighten, and he unburdened himself of along history in which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Palely Brigg, a gauger, himself nud a pair of clog* were mixed in drawling tangle. An’ so Ah coot’s read oppen from t’ chin t' hair, an* he was abed for t* matter o' a month,’* concluded L-xiroyd pensively. Mulrancy came out of a reverie—be was ly ing down.—nud flourished his heels in the air. “ You’re a man, Learoyd," said he critically, '‘bat you’ve only fought wid men. an’ that’s an ivry-di-.v -xplyrienoe; but I*ve stud up to 'i ghost, an* that was not ivrv-day cxpayriencc." /'No,"said Oithcris, throwing a cork at him. ** You git up an’ address the *<utse—you i an* vtr cxpayriencc. Is it a bigger ouc nor *”Twaa the -livin' trut* *** answered Mul vaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortherisbv the collar. ••'Sow, where are ye, me son? AVill ye take the wurrnd *v theLnrrd i out avmy month another time?" He shook him to emphasise the question. "No, somethin* else, though.” said Ortheris, i making a dash at Mulvaticy’s pipe. capturing it and bolding it at arm's length. “ I'll chuck it acrost the nullah it you don't let me go !'* " You maraudin’ ha'then 1 ’Tit the only cutty I iver loved. Handle her timlvr or I'll chuck ,V«'f acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk— i Ah! Give her back to me, sorr?’’ Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as the black ball at pool. I took'it reverently, j but I was firm. “ Will you tell us about the ghost fight if I do?'* I said. " Is ut the shtory that's troublin' you ? Av coorsclwill. 1 mint to all along. I was only giftin' at my own wav. as I’npp Doggie aaiil whin they found him thrvin’ to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. Orth'ris, fall away!” .He released the little Londoner,* took his pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He has the most eloquent eyes of any cup that I know. “ Did 1 iver tell you,” he began. '• that I was I wan*t the devil av .a man?’’ j “ You did.*’ said Learovd. with a childish gravity that made Ortheris veil with...laughter, 1 tor Mulvanev was always impreasing.upou ui ! his merits in the old days. ! “Didliver tell yon," Mnlvaney continued calmly, “ that I was vranst more av*a divfl than Iamnow?'’ “Mcr-ria* You don't mean it?*’ said Or “Whin I was Corp'ril I was rejuced after ward*. but, a« I say. whin I ns Corp'ril, I was it devil of a man.’’ He was silent for nearly a minute. “Eyah! They was great times. I'm ould cow: my hides wote oft in patches; sinthrr-go has discern ceiled me. and I'm a married inah tu. But I’m had my day, Tve had my day. and nothin’ can take away the taste a» that: Oh, my time past whin I put me tut through ivory livin’ wan ay the Tin Commandments between Eevilly and Lights Oat, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back ar 1 me hand an' slept on ut all as quist as a little child! Bnt nt's all over, ut's over, an’ ’lwill river come back to me: not though I prayed for a woek of Sunday*. Was there any wan in the onld rig’mint to touch Corp'ril Terenoe Mul Taneyf I niyer met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin’ afther in those days, an’ ivery man was my dearest frind or—I had stripped to him an’ we knew who was the betther man ay the to. “ Whin I was Corp'ril I wud not ha’ changed wid the Colonel—no, nor yet the Commasdher in-Chief. I wud be a aarrint. There was nothin* I wud not be! Mother ar Hivin. look at me 1 Fwhat am I now r But no matther! I must get to the other ghosts—not the wans in tar ould head. “We was quartered in a big rantoomint—'tis no manner ar use namin’ names, for ut might give the barricks disrepitation—an* I was the ' Imperor ay the earth to ay own mind, an* wan oc tu women thought the same, —»»n Kl«s» to thia. Aftber we had lain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sa rgint st E Comp’ny, wint an’ tuk a. wife that was a lady's maia to some big lady in the station. _ She's dead now, is Annie Bus Kin—died at Kitpa Tal, or ut may have been j Almorsh—seven—nine yean gonel an’ Bragin he married agin. But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmint Society. She had eyes like the brown ar a buttherfir’s wing whin the run catches ut, an’ a waist no thicker than my arm, an’ a little soP button ar a month I would ha’ gome through all Asia bristlin’ widbay’nita to get a kiss ay. An* her hair was as long as the tail ar the Colonel's charger—forgive me mentionin' that blunderin’ baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragin—but ’twas all shpua gold, an time was whin a lock av nt was snore than di'monds to me. There was niver s pretty woman yet, an’ I’ve had thrucic wid a few, cod open the door to Annie Bragin. “ Twas in the chapel I saw her first, me oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. 4 You’re too good for Bragin, my lore, thinks I to myself,4 but that's a mistake I e*o put straight or my name is not Terence Mut “ Now. take my wurrd for ut. you Ortheris there an' Learoyd. an’ kape cut* av Married Quarters—as 1 did not. No good iver comes of nt, an’ there’s always the chance sv vour bein’ , found wid your faoe in the dirt, a long picket , in the back av your head, an' your bands playin' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that; Rafferty killed six years gone, whin he wint to his death wid hi* hair oiled whistlin 4 Larry O’K'iurkc * lietuuc his teeth. Rape out av the Married Quarter*, I say, as 1 did not. Tis on wholesim. *tis dangerous an4 *tis iverrthin that’s bad, bet—oh, mo f, »wl, ’ts swate wIlUs it lasts! ■■I was always bingin' about there whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn’t, but niver a sweet word twvon’ ordinar' did I get from Annie Bragin. Tis the pcvarwty av the sect, •o' I to myself, an’ gave my cap another cock on my head an’ straightened my !>act—an’ wint off as tho* I did not care, ’wid all the women in the Mamed (Jotters laughin’. I was perahuaded—most boys nre, I’m thinidn*—that no women bom ay women can stand against j me av I held up my little finger. I had reason ' for thin kin’ that way—till I met Annie Bragin. “ Time and agin whin I was blandandherin’ in* the dusk, a mau would go past me as quiet as a cat. • Thai's quare.' thinks L’4 for I am, or shud be. the only man in these parts. Now what devilment can Annie be up tor' Thin I ! called myself a blayguard for thinkin' such things; but I thought thim all the same. An' that, mark you. is the way a v a man. 44 VTaa evenin' I-aaid : • Mrs Bragin, rnanin* no disrtapoct to you, who is that coqi’ril man’ —I had seen the stripes, though I end niver get sight av his face—' who is that corp'ril man that comes in always whin I’m gem’ “ ’ Mother av God!’ sez she, turnin’ as white At my belt: ‘hare you seen him, too ?’ “•Seen him.'4 m-z. I; ‘Av coarse I have. • Did ye want me not to see him for’—we were standin’ talkin’ in the dhark. outside the verandah ot Bragin’s quarters—* you'd better tell me to shut me eye*. Onless I’m mistaken, he*s come now.’ 44 An4 sure enough, the ccrp'ril man was walkin'to us hangia his head down as though he was ashamed av himself. “4 Good night, Mr*. Bragin,’ sez I. very cool. 4 'Tis not for me to interfere wid vour am- ora—but you might manage these things wid more daoencr. I’m off to canteen,’ I sez. “I turned on my heel an’ wint away, •wearin’ I wud give that man a dhresain* that wud sthop him messin' abcut the Married Quarter* for n msathan’ a week. 1 had not tuk ten paces before Annie Bragin was hangup ou to my arm. and I cud feel that she was Stakin' all over. Don't ye go. Mister Mulraney!4 sezshe. ‘You're flesh and blood at the least—are ye “■I’m all that,’ sez I. an’ mv anger wint away in a flush. ‘ Will I want'to bs asked twice. Annie " VV'id that I slipped my arm around her waist, for. bedsd, I fancied she had sur ricuered at discretion, an' the honours ar war were mine. “ ‘Whit nonsinse is this?' sez she, dhrawin hersilf np wi the tip* av her dear little toe*. ‘Wid the mother'* milk not tlhry on your im piden? mouth! Let go !’ she sez. “ ‘ Hid ye not say just now that I was flesh and blood ?' sex I: * I have not changed since.’ I eez. an’ I hep’ my ann where nt was. ‘"-Your arms to yoursilf’’ sez she an* her eyes snarkled. : “ ‘ Sure ’tis only human nature,’ sc* r: an’ Xkep'myann where nt was., “4 Nature or no nature.’ sez she, * roc take Sur aim away or rn tell Bragin, as Wl! alter * nature of your head. Fwhat d’jrdu take me tor ?’ she sez. . - woman,'sez I, 4 the prettiest io bar *“•*“’ ,th* ” Wid that I dropped my atm, 1*0 ha paces^and saluted, for I saw *>-“-‘tnia4i “ Thea you tsow sneaethio* ttat aomi would fire a good deal to bumrfaia of. [ could you tell f”. I demanded in the interest* at science. 1 14Watch the hand,” said lfulraner. "At she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the : knuckle, take up your hat an’ go. You’ll only I make a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But a» the hand lies open on the lap, or av you eee her thryin’to shut titan’she can't, go on! She’s not |iast reasonin' aid. Well, ml was savin', I fell hack, saluted an’ was grin* away. “‘Sthay wid me.’ sex she. ‘liook! He's comm* again.’ V ?^e P9*nted to the verandah, an’, by the hoight av impeit’niuoe, the oor]>’ril man waa comm’ out ar Bragin's quarters. „ “* He’s done that these five evenin's past,’ sex Annie Bragin. ‘Ofwhat shall Ido!’ He’ll not do ut again,’ sea I. for I was fightin’ mad. * Kape away from a man thathos bceu a thrifle crossed in love till the fever’s died down. He rages like a brute beast. “I wint up to tho man in the verandah, mama’. as sure ns I sit, to knock tho life outav him. Ho slipped into the open, * Fir hat are you doin' philanderin' aliout here, ye scum av the gnttcrh' sez I, polite, to give him bie wnrnm’. fori wanted aim ready. “ He niver lifted his head, but sex nil mourn ful and melancolius, ssif he thought I wud I* soory for him: • I can’t find hcr.’sez he. ** ‘ My troth,’ sex I, ‘ you’ve lived t<x> long— you an your seekin* an* findin’s in a daccnt married eamii’s quarters: Hould up your head, ye frozen tliict av Genesis.’ sez I, • an’ you’ll find all you want an’ more!* •‘But he niverliilil up*and I let go from the shoulder, where tholiair is short over the eye* •“That’ll do your business,* sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my 1 -oily weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin* at all an* nearly put my shoultcr out. The corp’ril man was not there, an’ Annie Bragin, who had been wa* cliiu* from the verandah, th.row.iup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck’s wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. I wint hack to her, for a .livin’ woman, a’n’ a woman like Annie Bragin, is more thau a p’rade groun’ full av ghosts. Td never acen a woman faint before, an’ I stud like a stuck calf, askin' her whether the wa* dead, an’ prayin' her. ter the love av me, an’_thc love av her husband. an' the love nv the Virgin,-to opin her blessed eyes again, an’ callin' tncsiif nnmra undher the canopy aT Hivin for plngnin’ her wid my miserable amoora whin I oughtto ha’ sjtid betune her an’ Ihis corp’ril man that had lost the number av bis mess. “ I mtsrcmember fwhat nonsin«c I said, lmt 1 was not so far gono tliat 1 cud not hear a tut on the dirt outside. *Twas Bragin cornin' in. an* by the same token Annie was cornin’, too. I jumped to the far end av the verandah nn* looked as if imttcr wouldn’t melt in me mouth. But Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster’s wife that was. had tould Bragin about rov hangin’ ’round Annie. •' • Tint’s had henrinV I set. an’ 1 knew that the pickets were dhriven in. * What for. Sar “ ‘ t’otne outside,’ sez he. ‘ an’ I’ll show you *• * I’m willinV sez I. • but my stripes arc none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me. now, who do I go out wid r* sez I. “ He was a quick man »n’ a just, aa’ saw fwhat I wud Iw afther. • Wid Sira. Bragin's husband.* sez he. He might ha* known by me askin’ that favour that I had done hiia no “ * I mat to tlic back av the arsenal an’ stripped to him, an* for tea minutes *twas all I end do to prevent him killin’ himself against my fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog—justfroth iug wid rage: but he had no chanst wid me in reach or teamin' or anything else. “‘ Win ye hear reason ?’ sez I whin his lint wind was runain’ oat. * Xot whoile I can see,’’ sez he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he’d been taught whin he was a hoy. an’ the eyebrow »hut down on the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick crow. “‘Will ye hear reason now, ye brave manr" “ * Xot whoile I can speak.* sex he. staggerin’ up blind aa a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an1 wrung into the jaw aide on an’ shifted ut a half pace to the lef*. ** ‘ Will ye hear reason now!' sexl; ‘I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tlx likt 1 will “ ’Sot whoile I can stand,* he mumbles out ar one corner av his mouth. So I closed an* threw him—blind, dumb an’ sick; an’ jammed the jaw straight. “ ’ You’re an ould fool. Mister Bragin.' sez L “ * Yon’re a young thief,’ sez he, * aa* you've bruk ay heart, you an’ Annie betune you.’ “Thin he began ctyin* like a child as he lay. I was sorry as I bad never been before. Tis in awful thing to see a strong min cry. “ * I’U swear on tha cross!* aez L “ * I care fornone av your oath*,’ aez be. “ ‘ Come hack to your quartet*,’ sexl, ‘an* if you don’t believe the livin’ you shall listen to the dead,’ sez I. “ I hoisted him an’ tsk him back to his quartet*, ’lireBragin,’aez I, ’here’s a mm that you can cun quicker than me.’ *• ‘ You’ve shamed me before my wife,’ be whimpers. “1 Have I so5* sez I. ‘ By the look on Mr*. Bragin’s face I think I’m for a dhreasin’ dosru wone than I gave you,’ “ An’ I was ’ Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a darint woman cud use that waa not given nr way. I’ve had ray Colonel walk roun* me like a cooper roun’ a cask for fifteen mmuts in the ord’ly-room bekue I wint into the corner «bop an unstrapped lewnatic, bat all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An’ that, mark you, it the way av a woman. “ Whin ut waa done for want nv breath, an Annie was beadin’ over her husband. 1 sex ’ ’ *Tis all thrue, an* I’m a blayguanl an’ you're an honest womau, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you “As I finished • pea kin* the corn’ll! man came up to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an* we cud eee his face. “ ‘ I can’t find her. 6e.- the corp'ril man, an' win* out like the puff av a caudle. “ ‘ Saints stand betune us an’ evul!’ sez Bra fin crossin’ himself. ‘That's Flaky av the yrene lligrain:.' “ ‘ Who was he,’ sez I. ‘ for he has given ms dale av fightin’ this day.* “ Bragin tould us that Fiahv was a corp’ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an* wint mad. and walked afther they buried him, huntin’ ior her. ** • Well.’ aez I to Bragin. ‘ he’s been hoc kin out nv Purgatory to kape comnanv wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin’ for the last fortnight. You may tell lira. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's been talkin' to you, an’ you'Ye been listenin', that the ought to onderstand the differ twist a man aa’ a ghost. She’s had three husbands,’sez I, ’an’ you’ve got a wife too good tor you. Instid av which you lave her to be boddered bv ghost* an’—an' "all manner av evilspimts. I’ll niver 50 talkin’ in the way av politeness to a man’s wife agin. Good night to you both,’ sez I. Aa' wid that I wint away, havin' fought wid woman, man an’ diril in the heart av an hour. An that's fourteen rears gone! Eyab! Cork’s own city an' the blue sky above ut—an’ the times that was—the times 