Bv A.B.C.D. [WUITTHN FOK TIIE H»V1UT, FltKE PRES'J.] Moonlight flooded mountain and vulo with a soft radianco ; shadows dim and mysteri ous. In ouo of the softest and lightest of those stand two figures, talking earnestly. The taller of tho two U saying: " My dear little woman, there is not the slightest cause for fear, Jack Dean might scare you a bit if you were not going to become my pro perly lo-murruw, but as ii is your nervousness is quiter ridiculous." "It is nil very well, Harry," his com panion responded, "but if you had teen the expression 011 bis faco when he heard uf my intended marriage, I declare you would feel frightened, too ; it was positively mur derous ; I nlmost dread going to bed, ray room seems so lonely. If the morrow wero only here ! ' " Oh, for the matter of that, we need not wait for the morrow," intorpobed Harry, mischievously, " the parson is hero and we are both willin', are wo not, my pet ?" " Don't be stupid, Harry; you know well it is unlucky to be married without sun * shine; but you cannot imnginehow strangely sad I feel to-night. A foreboding possessi s mo tbnt thin is our Ia-t meeting on earth." As Daisy Preen uttered these words, a strange low laugh floated through the even ing air. Thoy both turned quickly and peered into tlio shadow from which tha sound seeme ! to come, but all was darkness aud silence. These two lovers were (as we can fee plainly) on the e-e of a very important ceremony; unexpected, too, as far ns they were concerned. Daisy Preen'a fuller wns remarkable because he was a freeman in a land of bondmen. Sineo li«? had fir^t emi grated to Australia ho had suffered many hardships, but thro<i»h Fome intern, t had ancct'odi d at last in getting a grant of land, to which he was at tho present time rnnking his way by slow and tedious stance; for roads fifty or sixty yearn ago, many miles from the capital, were sjmethiug to l>e re membered. Harry French had been Dui>y',s recog nised lover for many years, but not. until he found the wherewithal would Daisy's stein parent consent to relinquish hid clmm on his only daughter. By a fortunate chance Harry had met the travelling party just ns lie wuo setting off to infoim the father of a .stroke of luck which placed the coveted ob ject within reach. To ad i to his seemingly happy climhx, a clergyman happened to put up at the old Half-way H use the very day our party reached it. Now this latter indi vidual was not to be lightly esteemed. Harry urged very eloquently and truly " that parsons were not to be seen every day, and it might bo mont' s before the chance again occurred," so the end was a day's halt and a hasty preparation for the wedding. The only gloomy countenance nt this prospect was Jack Dean's. This indi vidual was a handsome, reckless, passionate fellow, who had fallen desperately in love with Daisy some time back, but whose af fection was returned by a very decided hate and four. People hinted that daring Jack had figured in several shady transactions, and others shook their heads and said, " no wonder, it is the bad blood coming out; his father died on the gallowa." Not that the; heeded that much then, dark times they were, dark deeds were common enough, and people knew better than to peer too closely into actions or antecedents. The old honse where our travellers stayed so many years ago iB standing yet—a queer, tumble-flown old place, with a neglected patch of fruit trees on one side, the other shadowed by giant gums, at the foot of one of which rises a grassy mound, not nnlike a grave, Many a tale those crumbling walls could tell, but, alas I they are dumb and silent. Surely a woman's hand first planted those brilliant geraniums that creep so softly up the stony wall? A woman's surely, for flowers ever suggest*" all that is sweet and womanly; that hand is dust now, very likely, bat the flowers blossom on as gaily as if ruin and desolation never existed. Such is life—sunshine and shadow. Very likely Daisy and Harry thought their future was to be a long bright dream of happiness as they whispered soft expectations under the moon's tender light, but even then the awful shade of death had touched one. If poor Daisy couM only have gazed into spirit land, she would have known why her spirit was heavy and sad, for a gaunt and ghastly skeleton stood ominously near. * By a wise dispensation we are prevented from such foresight, and through this happy un consciousness our two lovers were enable ? to part that night in perfect hope of re union on the morrow. The morrow dawned, a fatal morrow, too, for the destined bride had disappeared, and, notwithstanding a vigorous search, could not be found anywhere. What aroused suspicion and alarm, too, was the remark able absence of Jack Dean. This fact led many to whisper fearfully about " bad blood" being su.e to cume out, and others to sneer at woman's constancy; but all con jectures were vain, because unsatisfactory. Very soon the mysterious disappearance ceased to interest, other events happened more or less exciting, and excepting to the relatives or immediate friends, the story was a played- out subject. The only remem brance poor Daisy left was the reputation of haunting the room she had occupied on the fatal night. Through such a rumour onp can imagine how very unpopular that apart ment became. # . * #••• ■ :;t Fifteen years passed away, and one nii»ht a stranger rode up to the " Hilf-way Hou~e " for accommodation for the night. He was a bronzed, b?avd ;d man, somewhat gray and worn though, but st.ill resembling Harry French so much that one could easily see it was none other than that individual, only somewhat higher in Father Time's calendar. " Place chock full; this is the only room, sir," says the host, showing the traveller into a dilapidated, cheerless apartment, with a somewhat uncanny look. " Ob; it will do very well/' said Harry Freucb, abstractedly, " call me at five, and bring me some more wood, for it is bitterly cold." Left alone he gazed with much interest, round the room, murmuring softly, " this night fifteen years ago I " The recollection must have been painful, for a sad, dreary expression crept into hi* face; after a while lie fell, into a reverie, from whioh lie awoke with a start, for a burning log cracked and fell. It was bitterly cold, for the fire had burnt low ; he stooped to poke it, and at the same minute became conscious of another presence in the room.. A. cold chill crept over him, and fear, such as brings partial uuconflciosuness, held him spell-bound, and compelled him to turn round. Great Heavens 1 what a ghastly f-ight, Daisy I but not Daisy in the flesh; Daisy in the spirit, shadowy, dim, and spectral, with a frozen look of horror and despair in the dark eyes, a terrific gash disfiguriug the brow, from which dark drops trickled slowly down. She motioned to him to follow her. Thoroughly unnerved he did so mechanically. She glided silently through the dim passage, into the pale star light', ever looking behind to fee that her companion followed; past the shades where they had hoped and feared fifteen years back, through dark masses of bush, where strange sounds disturbed tho stillness of the darkness. To Harry French's excited, imagination the air was full of spirits, but among them all the spectral figure of hiB lost love glided on, and halted not till she reached the edge of a frightful chasm, wheu turning to him she pointed her transparent finger to its yawning depth, and with a wild shriek disappeared. Was it a dream ? Surely not, for he was Btanding by a black-mouthed pit, and shivering in the cold, grey dawn of morn ing. Hardly knowing what to think, he re traced his steps, as well as he could, and considerably astonished all with bid wild and dishevelled appearance, but when l>e re lated his exprrionce the ho-fc ouly smiled, nnd said, " Oh ! everyone who slpeps in that room declares it's haunted, but I never heard them say quite so much afore ; per haps you ate too much supper ? " "Supper, be hanged," rejoined onr hero, impatiently, " I shall hiive that pit searched; there we may find a clew to that unfortun ate'girl's disappearance." This resolution was carried out, and a woman's form dis covered, identified as pretty Daisy, too, for on the third skeleton finger of the teffc hand Harry had recognised the poor, little betrothal ring she bad worn in by-gone years. The left side of the skull was much dinted, plainly evidencing death bad resulted from a blow directed there. The mnrdercr was never discovered, for police and detec tives wert not plentiful then, and a fifteen year-old crime stood a good chance of re maining a mystery. Hairy hud D.iis/a re mains removed, and buried under the shadow of the trees where they had last parted, and whenever he ctwues the country iu that direction a certain humble grave is sure of a visit. The haunted house has not maintained its reputation, for all declare the ghost ia wanting; perhaps the unquiet spirit is at rest at last. As for Harry, he became a firm believer in ghosts, and never would al low that a certain spectral vision which led to the discovery of the body was a dream. The old house is now fast crumbling to de cay, and fading out of remembrance the old btories ; but\singular grassy mound at its side still awakes curiosity, and hushes gay voices and laughter, for is it not the laMi. resting-place of one of the silent dead ? 