Humour. Evorybody in the world is ongagod in throwing tho blamo on somo ono olso. Many n. youth who Books for tho treo of knowlodgo gots only a hranoh. If somo man suoceod only in raising a biff, orerhauging moustaoho, thoy aro satiB fiod. The raon who is pcrpotually hesitating as to which of two things ho will do seldom doos cither, ' Short nnd sweet,' remarked tho grocor, aa ho tied up thirtoon ounces of eugar and marked it ono pound. Ethol— ' You say when Charloy proposed ho didn' t get do wn on his knees P' Evelyn— ' No ; I was on his knees.' Men would not oaro to bo wioked if women did not look on naugbtinoas with mingled dread and admiration. ' You Boom to bo greatly annoyed P' ' Yes, I am.' ' What is the oauso P ' I can't find anything to complain of.' Thore is a plaoo for evory ono in tho world —and out of it, according to the theologians. Whioh placo Pis the burning quostion. ghe ? ? Do you think marriago is afailuroP' Ho (aged twonty)—' It bogins to look that way. I've boon rejootod fourteen timos.' Two glasses, n bottle, two men, A qnestion, a nod, and ' Say whon.' Thero is only ono lottor in a man's alphabet, and that is ' I ;' only ono in a girl's, and that is ' O ;' only ono in a married woman's, and that is ? U.' Ho—1 My dearest, darlingest, littlo wifoy, ? fjhe ? 'You needn't employ any of that sort of taffy, for you won't get thclatoh-koy, no matter what you say.' 1 Tis ton P. M. !' tho girl oxolaimed, But usolras did it provo. Ho didn't soem to understand That P. M. meant ? Ploaso raovo. Noighbour— ' What did your mother say, Jolmnio, whon you told her I was very sick f Johnnio— ' O, sho said sho guo»Bod you 4 oomo around all right, 'cause tho good gono rally die young.' ?Come horo, my littlo man,' suid a eontlo man to a youngster of five yoars whilo sittlna in a parlor whoro a company was nssomblod. 'Do you know mo ?' 'Yoth, thir.' 'Who am If 'You ith tho man that kithod mamma when papa was iu Thuffolk. TlioHlbb!cr'fl son told his father tho other day thnt ho boliovoa nil human beings wero uoHccndou from »pos. In lii« wrnthf ul rngo tho oW innn rotortou :- 1 That may bo the cano with you, but not with mo. I can toll you that.' A Good lilt of Advice— Horaco dreolcy ought to havo lived until now. He would hhvo nmcndod his famotia naylug.— How I— Ho would hiivo unid : ? Go weal, young man, and got sent cast as a United States Senator.' Inquisitivo'.Ynnkco-Mny I n»k your viowa on tho question of annexation t Hiuiglity Canadian— Wo intend to annex tho United Btatcs, sir, as soon as our English syndicates bavo finished buying it. Ghost (at a sonnco)— Do you recognlso mo 1 Mrs Topper (confidentially)— Yes, you nro my Into hus bnnu, John Topper. Ghost (BMrprisod)— Ilowdtd you know mo? Mrs. Topper (firmly)— I Biuolt your breath, John. Ho was in tbo minister's parlour to pay his ad dresses to the daughter. ? Do you drink whinky I' asked ths holy man. ' Thanks, don't care If I do, but I prefer brandy.' 'Tis ten p.m.,' tho girl exclaimed, But useless did it prove. He didn't seem to understand 'That p.m. meant ' 1'leaso move.' Neighbour— What did your mother say, Johnnie, whon you told her I wns very Biok V Johnnio— Oh she eaid sho guessed you'd como around ill right, ?cause tho good generally die young, Mrs. JasBS (suspiciously)— Your oyes aro watery and terribly inflamed. Mr. Jnggn (with on injured nir)— Well, next time you glTO mo a Biblo for n birthday present, don't select ono with BUob. flno print. The man who says sarcostio things about his wife 'BoIur through his trousers pockets' whilo ho is OBlecp, Is generally tho ono who doesn't give his wife any money when he is nwalfo. She— Edward, thcftnlniatcr has nslicd me to bIdr at the concert for the church fund, nnd I ? Ho (eagerly)— Oh, go, by all menm I never did hnvo much love for that parson, or his contrrcgntion either. ' A California Trophut predicts tho destruction of Cliiengo within tlio next eighty dayH. Cluso IiivchII gntiou proven that Uii» prophet moved from St. Louis to California. A Double Likeness.— ' Your son was hen- yonler day nnd hnd tint plcturo taken.' ' That's like him.1 ' And ho iwiid you would bo around to p»y for it.' ' And. that's liko him.' ? Call no tunn happy till ho'a dond,' said tlio old philosophor. The Bomorvlllo Journal adds : And don't bo too sure of it then. You may hiivo over looked somo partoihls record. Mrs. IUch (excitedly)— Baby has swallowed my watch. Donr, denr, dear, what Nhnll I do t Watch maker-Lot him swallow tho chain j thon pull. At tho Threshold of a Turkish Bath.-IiCttn lady to stout lady friond— You dou't moan to say you come hero to get lean I Why, my doctor ordered tno heio to get fat. Ho who daros to predict tho weather from day to day gives hostages to chance, nnd discounts probabi lities with moro than tho onsy confidence of a combi nation bank wrecker. Ho— rorhnp«'you won't bollovo mo, but I nqver laugh at an inferior. She- Of course I believe you, It would bo Impossible for you to do such a thing. If some poets Mcnm In sutTorlng what thoy teach In Bong,' how thoy rnunt havo suflerod. Nuw York mny probably Rut tho next world's fair lml it will uovur get unu Iu Uila. Yuut— lio yim play dims 1 Ciliimun-bwilc— Woll, no : I can't Huy I play it, I work at it umuiiunally. It may bo all right to wait for ' (lend men's shoes,' hut it's folly, to lin Hlnndlnff nraiinil barcfintad during thu interval. Tho fasbionablo woman in tho forties is not Kuuutally ambitious to disoovnr a now wriufclo. 175 