SUMMARY. Austvaltnus Scored 310 In first innings. Match against Lancashire. . a. Oregovy made 59 runs. Another railway accident — nt Albury. Railway nooident epidemio in tho air. Heavy rain lias been falling 111 Brisbane. Tho Premier is progressing 111 a satisfactory manner. - . Alderman M. Chapman is .of opinion that tho "city members of Parliament are slow to look after tho interests of tho oity. The suburban representatives nro left to do that. " Ho exhibited a fine specimen of tho coceid mytalipsis pomoruia buuclie," read a well- known S.M. in a morning contemporary. Then, ho addod, "ho ought to havo beon iiued 40s., or onomontli at least." '. Tho threatened libel suit Simpson v. News bos been amicably squarod. Tlio pastoralists community of Walgott intond to' testimonialiso Mr. (.4, S. Hay, tho local tel.ograph master, for the prompt ntnl valuable sorvicos rendered by him durhig flood time. \- The- municipality of Oondobolin has been Condobblin — wo should say condoling— with Sir Henry Parkes in his recent affeotion. During the absonoo of Sir Henry Norman Sir Arthur Palmer has beon guzettea Deputy- Governor of Queensland. The seamen of the B.I. S.N. Co. 'a steamer Merkara had trouble together on Wednesday in Brisbane. Gne man was stabbed behind the shoulder, but not dangerously. Michael Barry, who made himself a widower at Rockhamptoa lately, is to be made a ghost by the law. Mr. Henry .George will leave for London by tbd Valetta on Monday. He lias sown no seed, but lie lias gathered a harvest. \- At a meeting of the Liunoan Socioty on Wednesday a Mr. Skuso exhibited a fine specimen of the. coccid mytilapsis pomorum bpucho. This will no doubt bo learned with joy. and yapturo throughout the country. . A man named Thomas Miles was found in a dying condition on the railway premises at Newcastle yesterday. Verdict natural oauseB. Deceased unknown. . Residents of Forbes objeot to the Govern ment proposals re the Forbes-Parkes railway. . Tho alleged bogus land bank conspiracy was part beard in the Brisbane Supremo Court yesterday. ' Confirmatory nows bos beon received of thq loss of the steamer Aslileigh Brook at Dasson Island. \- England and Germany are. parcelling out East Africa between them, tho natives to be oivilised with bullets and Bibles. Dr. Peters, who started to relieve Emin Pasha and was roportcd to have been murdered, has turned up all right. . Just so. According to tha French Govern ment tho action of ono of their men-o'-war in landing troops to overawe Newfoundland fisli- men was unauthorised. Bravo ! Turkey has declined to pay the wnr indemnity to Russia. The " sick old man " has still got some life 111 him. By the way, buy the Sparkling Amber Ale from the Standard Brewery. Look for the label oh the hotel. ' Imperial and Colonial Finnneo Co., with a capital of L1,000,000, has been formed in London. Australian Wine Importers Co., London, have paid a 5 per cent, dividend. Paris Exhibition medals will be ready in Septembor. , . A verdict of accidental death was returned at tho inquest held yesterday afternoon on tho body of Antono Swnnston, tho seaman who was crashed to death on board the schooner Jessie. The medals awarded at tho Paris Exhibi tion wiil bo issued in September. A dividend of 13 per cent, hns been declared by tho South Australian Co. _ Jean Louis Moissonier's famous picture en titled " Napoleon and His Staff, 1814,'- has brought only- £34,000. . Freight from London to Australia are at once to bo reduced by 2s. Cd. per ton. : H.M:S. Orlando goes into tho Fitzroy Dock next week. No oxcuso for Cup week now in the A7ictorian capital. A conference of Aslifield, Five Dock, and Leichhai dt councils is to deal with tho question of widening tho 'Marion-street bridge from tho Loichhardt to Fivo Dock tram. William Henry Winchcombe; cleric, Curt- street, Ashfield, was this morning fined 40s. for not attending to his duty as a juror at the Quarter Sessions. The fireman's relief fund in Melbourne . amounted to L2092, and L700 collected for Mrs. M'Leod. Tho probato duty on W. Buolcley Jones estate (V.) was L10,ODO. Mr. M. ITnllett, of Sydney, died of heart disease at tile Federal Coffee Palace, Mel bourne, on Mi y 5. A serioua revolt lias occurred amongst tho natives in tho country traversed by tho River Senegal, in West Africa. \- It is probable that tho now tariff of charges for'cnbles between England and Australia will be brought into force in January next. Jenner, the absconding cashier of the National Bank of Australasia in Hindmnrsh, S.A., has given himself up to the London police. . A canister of gunpowder thrown into tho police barracks at Cashel, Ireland. George Fagan will ride Ringmaster for tho Manchester Cup. ICirkham doing good work on the training track. \- Jenner, the 'Hindmnrsh bank teller who absconded with L401, gave himself up to the Bow-street police. Railway lino blear yesterday between Coola- bah and Glcngarilf. . Seven waggons and two trucks completely' wrecked in tno Coolabah railway smash. . The engine of the mail train derailed yester day morning north of Bulli. The locomotive of a luggage train from Vic- , toria ran over tho points at Albury and was derailed — all that fog. The departmental inquiry into tho cause of the Farley railway accident has been con cluded. Part of the hull of H.M.S. Orpheus, wrecked many years ago at Manukau Harbor, has been discovered on the coast, but is declared to be valueless. Westgarth and Co., the well-known London financiers, offered to take up the City of Syd ney 4 per cent, loan at a minimum of LI04, but their offer was declined. Australians faring badly against Lan cashire. City of Sydney 4 per cent, municipal loan of L25,O00 floated in London at about L104 8s. Jenner, the South Australian absconding teller, says that he met Alpross, tho Victorian absconder, at Monte Curio. Arcades umbo. Verdict of accidental dentil returned in tho case of tho lad George Wallio, killed by fall ing from a lift at M Murtrio and Co.'s. In consequence of nninoroase in business the sittings of tho Laud Court have beon re arranged. Three hundred replies have been received by the Board of Health in answer to their queries on the epidemic influenza. The membera of tho Public Works Uommit- toe inspected the route of tho North Shoro Railway yesterday. Tho laRt time Stanley lectured at Birming ham he received 15 guineas for his foe. This time tho Birmingham lecturo manager offers 300 guineas and is afraid lie can't get him at that. The "Jubilee Sovereign" brand is tho only \ \ tobacco entitled to be called the latest and greatest success of the T. O.' Williams Co. As the name implies, it' is their newest brand, 'and its' popularity is proof of its success. Sold by all tobacconists. Tho most satisfactory tobacco over manufactured." Crushed Maizo, 3s. Cel.; Chickwheat, 3s. 41.; best Cbnff cut, screened, and sifted daily a' J. Toohey's, Globe and Abercrombio etseets. ffesigns and estimates given and samples of otihvorlynansliip shown. Daniel Ilogan and Coi. jewellers, A.J.S. Bank Buildings, Georgo and \Cing streets. Our work is all done on tho pr Rinses. Aiiesian's X.L.C.R. on Melbourne, for 00,001 at 1 each, is the premier of Australia, ' and — lon't you forget it. " Artesian," euro of G, P. SJlialcspoare, Barcaldine, Queensland. Tafteraall's Queen's Birthday, May 31 : 50,000, 10 each ; also 10,000, 1 .such. Address Tattersitil, care of G. AdaniB, Fitt-atroot, 