he Affair at the Nest. BY UBS. HjEliSN COBWIS FIBBOS. " Never mind, Frank, we nan wait." " You're an angel, Violet," and the young an caressed softly the little hand that fluttered in his, " and Aunt Hannah is—" «' Not I" laughed Violet Granger, finishing the sentence for him. u Well, I hate her. What difference will it make-to her twenty years hence, whom I marry now. I'm not snre waeed tbat she's good for ten years longer, and if—" " Frank Ecoleson?" " Oh, yes, I know. People may spare no pains to make you hate them. Well, then. I love the aunt who has crossed me all mj life, do I ? You know it's not so, Violet. You know if I went home now, and fonnd her in her shroud, it wonldn't cost me any great heart-aohe." "It should, eince you profit by her money. Oh, Frank 1 Frank I I didn't think yon would epeakso of the poor old woman,who has been a mother to you, with all her harshness,,' said Violet, with sad sweetnees. " I deny it. Was it motherly to force me all my life to do tbe very .things 1 hated most? Have I ever had a single taste or inclination she did not thwart if it were possible t No, no, yiolat.yop.and Annt;Hannah axe two persons; I love one and JifM the -''"•i -Mfirt fi*f mlxfint tonare my' v . before she diee. It'll "be dreary waifang iill £ho slips this mortal coil. eh, Violet T Tue young man spoke bitterly» and looked 8 * Violet Jlistened to him with nnhappy, deeplyloving eyes. " Something will happen, surely. Something may happen, dear," she said, tenderly. » And if we love each other so truly, what are a few years mow or lean to hearts so young as ours ?" , , " A few years ! You're too much of an angel to calculate upon anything but that termagant softening toward us. She won t, though. That flinty heart won't give in until death's fingers crumble it to ashes. You and I'll be gray before that time." » We oan hope, at least, dear ; even Aunt Hannah cannot take our hope from us. ShaU Isingforyounow?" She took his sUenoe for assent, and going to the modest little instrument which stood aorosa the room, sang softly one tender, soothing strain after another, while her lover, lingering in tbe low window seat, pulled the roses that grew near and their tore leaves with a half vicious hand, too savagely irritated at tbef ate that hindred hi« desires, to heed the loving tones with whioh Violet sought to draw him from bis thonghts. -Contemplating the misohiel her lover had done her roses next morning, Violet's eyes -were halt sad, half smiling ; but she broke into a carol, like bird notes, as she tied anew tbe vines his too energetic hand had loosed from their supports. A passer-by called her. " Have you heard; no, I see you have not, what happened at the Nest last night ?" Violet tnrned swiftly, with a obangwg countenance. Frank lived at the Nest with his aunt. , , . "Poor old Miss Ecoleson was murdered in bed last night." Violet caught at the widow-frame for support, ber (very lips turning white, and her heart beating slower and slower. « It can't be V' «he gasped. «I wish it oouldn't, but it is. I just met the doctor coming away. They sent for him, of oourse, but she mnst have been dead bours before he got there. There's crowds of people gone over from town. But you live eo remote from the Nest, it's no wonder you did not hear of it till now." . •• Violet ahuddered, and wishe^ the man would only go oh, as he did presently, as he was anxious to reach the scene of the tragedy. Murder 1 And Frank had almost wished her dead the night before I Poor Frank, what a horrible lesson it must be to him ! ' , . . Later in the day came a note from Frank, a hurried scrawl, almost unread able and written with a hand that visibly trembled. „ „ Don't come near, darling,' it said, ine horror is almost more than I ;can bear now. I wonldn't have you see and ^ hear what I have to see and bear for all her money. I wish to Heaven it oould go into the grave with her. I will oome and see you as Boon as I oan get enough color ia my faoe to dare to." He came for a few momenta that evening, but for all the life in hia look he might have been as dead as Aunt Hannah. Hia face was ghastly, his eager blue ayes had a aeared expression that made Violet try, bat in vain, to check him, as he lingered with a sort of horrible fascination, over the details of the murder. . . ... . Aunt Aannah had bean strangled with her own pocket-handksrchief, as aht sat late at her knitting. . . The Bervant had found her, purple and stiff in her ehair, when ther went to call her to breakfast at half-pact six ia the moraing. " I don't think she had been dead long. I didn't think ao, and I aent lor the dootor as fast «s a horse oould rids. I couldn't do more, oould I Violet 7 She always gets up early. She must hava got up early and taken her knitting, you know, and ths wretch that killed her would have been as like to do it early in the morning as iate at night, wouldn't he now, Violet dear?" « Had her bel heen slept in," questioned Violet, controlling her repugnance to the subject for her lover's sake. "Noone could telL She always made her own bedthough,and she ought have made it the first thing that' morning. Oh 1 I am quite sure it was earl^sn .jUie i^ralng. She ee shadow, and covermg his face with his ands.. • , • • Violet regardedhim wondenngly. " Poor fellow. he is so sensitive, she said o herself, and moving her «hair nearer to is, drew his oold hands into her warm and l °Sta g »taS«a har tender gaw with * look •eœrîïîSBf^b. «« at lut. " wouldit be poMible for you to be- Jtevethat I had any hand in last night's do- ^fhe face of the sweet girl blanched Jfte ow. Her eyes darkened and dilated like one «nttten with sudden terror. Then she topped her lips to his hands with 8wU»,pasiibnate kis^. t No, no, ï-rank : joo, aevar *fiy 'darling,' he murmured, drawng her to himjanfl'tissing faat»gun«nd ^Bhe remembered those *i«08 long tfteri Could any tot innwept liMhavakiwed tar self into an easy-chair, caiîîug thesep servants to I pile wood in the wide fireplao<rnintglpVjk 1 like a furnace, but the blue failed to warm him. He sat there trying to warm his ehilled fingers, and muttering to himeelf,till tbe fever which had marked him for its own, swooped npon him like a vulture, and dug its beakinto heart and brain. They carried him to his chamber by main force, he struggling and raving with delirium, and Violet c.ime to help the housekeeper, Mrs. Grim, to nurse him. For weeks Frank Eccleson hung upon the very borders of eternity, and knew no one, and talked as people with brain fever will; wild, strange talk, that drove Violet's young blood curdling round her heart, and set in her white face a shadow that was not cast by the death she had battled so desperately from her lover's bedside, but was even more cruel. Mrs. Grim had been more than housekeeper to Miss Ecoleson. She had been her bosom friend, the one soul of all the world, perhaps, that had truly loved tbe miserly old woman, and though Hannah Eocleson had not so much as mentioned her in her will, the housekeeper held to her loyally. Violet made one wild attempt to banish Mrs. Grim lrom the sound of Frank's mad talk, but Mrs. Grim would not go. : Sometimes the eyes of the two women met, above that terrible'«onch,and the look of one .wairsiok with horror, and piteous with ap Çâ&linp.; The other'B-was bard, was pitiless tf ^T^T^jfitrjFn'^jji:^""- iK^nr-— ttmuaraucuilstanoes, : At last there camé r a time when the fever-loosened its hold, and left the sick man like some wan ghost of himself, stranded npon those shores from which be bad so nearly drifted. He was too weak, too strange to the nse of bis senses to read at once the new look that bad so darkened Violet's sweet eyes. With all her strength she tried to keep it out of tbem when she looked at him, but hers was a' frank heart, used for mirroring all its thoughts in those innocent depths. Frank had read them too many times in tbe old happy days to make any mistake now. Ha was a coward, and would fain have persuaded himself that his eyes told him wrong, but he oould not. Besides, there was Mr*. Grim, whose face spoke the same story though in a different tongue. The sick man shrank away among his pillows, and ebut his eyes whenever by any chance Mrs. Grim or Violet looked at him. " Thus conscience does make cowards of ; j us all." Mrs. Grim sat alone in the kitohen at the Nest. She sat with ner feet on the hearth of the stove, those hard, unrelenting eyeB gazing into the embers. A soft step sounded beEide her. It was Violet. Her faoe was pale, her eyes had dark oircles around them. "Well?" she said gently, as Mrs. Grim looked up. I shall do it to-morrow," Mrs. Grim said, and shut her eyes tightly over the sentence. You will give him no chanoe for his life, you who loved her ?' Mrs. Grim's lips did not relax. Sbe only shook her head. "At least wait a week longer. " When he will be Btrong enough to flee, perbsp?, the doom he merits ? No I" "You will not?" and Violet knelt by the hard woman's side, and lifted her poor Quivering hands in wild appealing. But Mrs. Grim only glanced at her, and looked back into the fite. Then Violet rose to her feet again, and went back to the sick-room. . " Frank," said she, going close to bim, V you must look at me ; you .mutt listen to me. Yon are weak, I know, but if your life depended open-it, yon could get up anddr888- yourself, and go away from here, I am sure you could—I am sure you will try." Frank Ecoleson opened his wide blue eyes, and looked at her. He seemed in that instant to shake oS the strange cowardice that bad so unmanned him. " What do you mean ?" he asked. " Tell me. If I am to muster strength for what you aay, I must have à strong incentive. But I will not try. I will stay, whatever it is, and meet it. I have shrunk too long." Violet shivered a little. " You were delirious, Frank, and you told all there was to tell, and Mrs.Grim heard it. She is going to inform against you tomoi row." H7b Frank lifted himself on his elbow and looked 9 Violet in the face. A light seemed to dawn upon him. " Will you ask Mrs. Grim to oome here?— not that I may plead with her, but that I may tell ber tbe troth." Mrs. Grim'e stony lips set themselves like flints, but she rose and went to the siok-room when she got the message. " I have been a miserable coward," Frank said, as the two women drew near,but 1 have not been the gailty creature you imagine. You are a hard woman, Mrs. Grim, but you are a just one, and you will believe me when you lâve heard my story. " I came home from your bouse that night, Violet, v?ith a bitter and wicked heart. I don't know but as heart I was wicked at the villain who murdered her. " It wad late, but there was a light in my aunt's room. As I came along the passage she ealled out to me sharply twioe, and her voioe sonnded strange. Tnere seemed, too, to be some sort of strange movement in the room, bnt it was alight, and I, feeling hard and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and instead of going to her, I turned back and went to my room another way. " But I never dreamed wbat awful thing was doing. I thought she had one of those nenralgio attacks to wbich'ebe was subjeot, and l said to myself that she might fight it ont, as I was doing. " I don't know yet that it was not so. I don't know yet that she oame to her death or' that she was struggling with ^enjguB«alled me; but the fear W jaearly eost me my J§£H^R^Wdthetrnth, coward^railenoe. Oo ynsbelieveme, Mrs. Griml" not believe you, Frank Ecoleson," said Mrs. Grim, and went back to the kitôben. ' Lang before Frank had finished his recital, Violet'bad crept close to her lover and prayed him to forgive her. He had stooped to kiss the little hands that fluttered to his grasp, and to say, " My poor darling !" •'How oould I?" Violet sobbed. "I deserve that you should never forgive me, but you accused yourself so frightfully in your -delirium." I accuse myself still. I would give all my aunt's money to know certainly that she was not struggling with her murderer when she called me and I did not reply." Mrs. Grim kept to ' her intention, and lodged-her information, aB ebe oalled it, in the proper quarter the nertday. She met a somewhat disooaraging reception, however. Bnt, as f^anksaid, though a hard woman, she was just* and she went back to him and Violet witiisinoere rejoicing. The real murderer had been found, and had aanfa»w4toibe deed He proved to be one. of tbe laborers emplojed by Miss Hannah Ecoleson. There had been some money difference between them, in whioh she jiad been very hard. ' tfhe man was of a stolid, alow, revengeful nature, and he waited hii time,and strangled her with ber. own handkerchief as she sat knitting at half-past tour «âi the .morning âiey ipond her stark and^dead in her ^Ififf'» •• • • . ' Trank bad not that en h^^oon O 