REDUCTION SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. Last evening the now incumbent of St. Paul's parish, the Rev. IV. C. Pritcbard, 1\f a i. -was formally inducted to tlic euro of souls. The joyous strains of the halls of St. Paul's Church announced, soon after 7 o'clock, that an important ceremony was about to take place, and long before the induction sen-ice commenced, the sacred edifice was crowded with an eager congregation. At half-past .7 precisely the choristers, in white j vestments, were seen entering the south door in. company with the visiting and officmting clergv, viz., the Revs. W. Marsii, -l. H Armstroug, E. A. Crawford, A. Maxwell, R. Stephen, A. "W". Wells, "\V. 0. Britcliard, Canon Chalmers, D.D., the Ven. Archdeacon of Ballarat (Dr. Green), and the Bishop's chaplain (the inducting clergyman), the Rev. Canon Goodman, all wearing their various robes and hoods in accordance with their ' status ill their respective Universities. As they entered they sang the processional hymn, " The Church's One Foundation," the congregation immediately rising and joining in this sold stirring strain. After the proces sion had wended its way round the church, the inducting clergyman took his seat within the altar rails, on the north side, the "Ven. the Archdeacon of Ballarat and Canon Chalmers seating themselves in their proper mi the south, the visiting clergy being accommodated with scats iu the choir. The order of the evening service was then commenced and intoned to the glorious mimic of Tallis. The altarlookcdparticularly bright. Immediately above, not on the altar, were the cross, and vases of choice yyhite flowers, and on each side of the cast window w*is a white himner embroidered with fair de lis. The reading desk in the pulpit was draped in white, on which.was worked .... i..i Thi. musical service an ornamental cross. The musical service was remarkably well performed, the psalms •ia.,'ai-m.imr..r ..feinted, as also were the lesson, Isaiah vi. cliap. 9tli verse, was read by Canon Chalmers, D.D.: the second lesson, John x, l-17tb verse, by the Venerable Archdeacon of Ballarat, Dr Green. At the singing of the Credo all the clergy and choristers turned to the east, in accordance with ancient ritual. After the third collect had been read (the Auiens being chanted) the Anthein was sung. It is a composition of much merit, and was written for the occasion by Mr A. It. Consterdine, the organist of the church. It is taken from the 43rd Psalm, " Send out Thy Light." It ojiens with majestic proportions in the key of F, and commences with an introduction in unison and afterwards repeated by the full choir in full harmony, ending on the tonic. Then follows a solo for tenor voice (Mr C. Von Mylius) in the key of JB flat, "And that I may no." This was exceedingly well sung, the music being exactly suited* to the singer's capa bilities. After a short modulation to the original key of F to the words, " 0 put thy trust in God," which is of a joyous strain, a quartette occurs iu the relative minor D. " Why art thou so heavy my soul." This, although, as the verse implies, of a plaintive nature, was rather uneven, the bars being weak. A return to the touic, iu which the full choir hike part, ends Mr Consterdinc's very meritorious composition. The Rev. Canon Goodman then delivered a sermon, the text being taken from Luke 19th chapter, 10th verse, "The Sou of Man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.'' Tlie_rev. gentleman said that some of the most weighty savings of our Lord were replies to the attacks of the Pharisees and other hostile Jews. They knew how this was the case when they murmured because he said, '• I am the bread which came down from Heaven," or when they snceringly asked, " How can this man give us his flesh to eatr" or when they blasphemously accused liim of " Casting out devils by Beelzebub, the prince of devils. ' On the occasion referred to iu the text, the Jews had expressed them selves in scornful attacks against Jesus, in consequence of His inviting himself to the house of Zaecheus. He was received by the wealthy publican joy-fully, He conveyed rich blessings to hiui, and by Ilis gracious condescension salvation was brought to that house, for so much as he was shown bv his faith to he a true sou of Ahraluuu. *Thc Jews said that He had goue to he a guest with a man that was a sinner. Jesus did not reply directly to these detractors, oven as they had not made a direct charge against Him. The wolds, " The Sou of Mau is come to_ seek and to save that which was lost," were manifestly spoken to Zae cheus, hut were intended for their hearing. At some length the rev. gentleman con sidered the title of dignity, the Sou of Man, pointing out that whenever it was given to the Lord Jesus that it implied that lie was the Sou of God. It was the title by wliieli Jesus described His own posi tion, but, with one exception, it was never applied to Hiui by His disciples or by auv otlier. The exception was the first martyr, St. Stephen, on the occasion of his martyrdom! when, being full of the Holy Ghost, ho looked up steadfastly into Heaven and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God. Ho doubt was left on his mind as to His divine character, as to Ilis dignity of office, as to His glorified state : Behold, I see the Heavens opened and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God." Jesus did not select the homes of the rich and the great as those iu which lie would sojurn, but took up His abode and sat down to meat with the lowliest and the most despised, he cause He came to seek and to save that which was lost. Our Lord had vindicated Himsclc in regard to receiving sinners andoatin" wit! them, in three parables that shine out witl such remarkable prominence in tlic lotl chapter of Luke, the lost sinner bavin"- hi1 emblem in the wandering' sheep, the piece o silver hidden amongst the dust and dirt o tlic unswept house, and the prodigal sou The minister shared with the Savior Himsel m seeking that which was lost. The ministci to whom the cure of souls was entrusted hud his duty and responsibly- towards tin thousands of tlic population, and he liatl also his duty to individuals. The cler"vmaij wis the pastor as well as preacher, and had his own relation to the separate family at well as the congregation, and that relation ought to he one of mutual interest and affection. The minister alone 'could not attempt the task of saving souls, he would ueed help and it was for him to organise that help, to seek the young in the Sunday school: to seek the careless and profane, bv tlic help of district visitors - to nmyylo,. ,.11 available agency for reclaiming those "«-lio were neglecting their souls, and living with out God in the world. The rev. gentleman concluded his earnest discourse by savin" : The excellent minister who is this day mdueted into this parish as your pastor is one who will throw himself with all earnest ness into those responsible duties. It is well known that he was the unanimous choice of vour nominator* mirl it i.~ ■» 7 *"'V w aoouiiutl tliat lie will bo received with a unanimous ivcleomo In' the liarishionors. Your presence ou this occasion, is an assurance to him per sonally, aud to tlie church of tho diocese, tliat you acquiesce in the appointment, and that you arc ready to unite your prayers to Almighty God that he may be strengthened and blessed in his new position. I say new positiou ; aud yet, in a certain sense, it is an old relation revised—you loved and valued him during the years in which lio served as curate of. the parish, under your much esteemed pastor, Cauou Chalmers, between whom aud the new incumbent there has been for many years the most affectionate attach ment. It is not out of placo for mo to refer to my Own opportunities of cultivating the Christian friendship of this young clergyman who is pre-eminent in our thoughts 011 this occasion. As a member of the Theological Faculty of Trinity College, Melbourne, it devolved upon 1110 to he his instructor and guide in an important braueh of his studies. Indeed, he was one of my first pupils, and was remarkable for tlie earnest ness and ability with which, as a learner, he responded to my efforts as a teacher. As the Bishop's chaplain, I had abundant opportunity of know ing tko entire satisfaction with which |U10 eminent Bishop Moorehouso laid his hands upon his head, and admitted him to tho saered offices of deacon and priest. My connection with him did not then cease" hut as a neiv neighbor, and working in the | same town, I had frequent opportunities of ih interconrse with linn as enabled holding such me to appreciate his many standing qualities as a minister and as a man. I have full confidence that in his ministry amon- you it will be bis constant endeavor to cany out the principles which I have endeavored to describe, that of seeking for Christ's sheep that are dispersed abroad that they may be saved, through Christ, for ever. I believe that he has deep and conscientious convic tions as to the end of his ministrv towards the children of God, to^rfs the spouse and body of Christ ~ I befievo that, under God's guidance, he will relax neither care nor diligence m the fulfil merit of liis sacred duties, and that lie will ever deserve tho expressions of aifectionate confidence with, which Bishop Linton, of Riverina, spoke to me concerning him a f01v weeks since. I am persuaded.that yon wall do all that is in your power to strengthen his hands, thatyou wili rally round him, and sympathise with liim in eveiy good wont and work, and above ail, that in your secret pravers you will plead on his behalf for the abundant influence of the Holy Spirit, that in his own' soul he may prosper, and in liis ministry: be blessed in seeking the lost, as well as in: building up God's own dear people. At tliej conclusion of the sermon and address hymn 353, "0 Tliou "Win, makest souls to shine," was sung, and then followed the induction of tho Rev. W. C. Pritehard, he kneeling outside the altar mils', the Rev. the Bishop's Chaplain and his assistants being? within. Canon Chalmers. D.D., read the license for the newly-appointed clergyman, as minister of the parish, which was followed by tlic admonition and exhorta tion. The congregation tlicu made their humble supplications to God in silence; and the I'eni Creator" wassau" as a solo, quartette, and full clioir, the congregation kneeling to the sublime music composed by Dr Atwood. All having con cluded the offertory 'was collected, the organist playing Mendelssohn's "For Hc shall give His angels charge over thee," (Elijah). Tho 355th hymn from ancient and modern being sung, the Bishop's chaplain pronounced the benediction, and the choristers and clergy, in reversed order, retired from the church, tlio congregation singing the Reces sional hymn, " Onward Christian Soldiors." Wo cannot conclude without complimenting the excellent singing of the choristers, which was very congregational throughout, the laity joining in heartily. 