Movelíst. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. Biß Harold M. Mackenzie. [COPYIUOIIT KESEKVEI).] CHAPTER V. THE SQUATTERS' CPI*. Tho day of the Finbonrne race meeting was ushered in with all the appearance of wet weather, but after a slight shower or two which was just enough to lay the dust, the sun which had been hiding be- hind a thick bank of clouds issued forth, making all bright again. Everyone was up betimes ; some were to ride to the course and others drive. Amongst those who rode were young Dalrymple and Miss Seacombe, the latter attired in a dark green habit, than which, per- haps, nothing could have suited lier better. Eric, of course, was to drive his toam, and great waa the anguish amongst the remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to the box seat. These little attentions, which, perhaps, may seem nothing, aro not thought lightly of amongst single girl3 who fancy them- selves alighted when perhaps, as often happena, a married woman usurps what they regard aa their right. In thia case, however. Eric did HOD wish to gi ve. of- fence. Ho felt himself privileged, being an ongagedman, to choose whoni*over.i;e pleased, and with that in view chose the best looking to ornament the front scat of hia drag. It could not be denied either that Mrs. Fordyce was very sweet to look upon. Slie had when analysed no very great re- deeming features in her face, yet withal, there wa3anin«es«ribablcb«autyof expres- sion which len i ¡1 charm to her eyes, and n mouth just n thought too large, per- haps. Tho recent showers had drawn a sweet ninolling fragrance from the ¡lino ami eucalypti trees which lined the trick that led to the course over which thu drag and four bowled. Rabbits, thean posts of tho squatter, scudded across the road in hundreds, as thc noise of approaching hoofs startled thom from their ambush. Cockatoos, magpies, and the irrepressible jackass with its mocking laugh greeted the party from the neighboring clumps of wattle and gum. The morning waa just such a one as makes tho heart of man rejoice, and now that the little Fordyce episode had been forgotten, the party under Eric's charge was laughing and talking merrily. "I must really lay claim to much honor in being favored with thia seat when so many girls are present," ex- claimed Mrs. Fordyce, in her most win- ji inti way. " You must not forget, however," answered Eric, "that you aro the riuht person in the right place, seeing i¡mt you are acting thc part of cha- perone." At thia speech an amused little smile played rouud tho corners of her mouth, knowing that if that term could be ap- plied to her in theory, practically her chaperonage was a farce. "Talking of chaperons, Mr. Rymr.ns court," alie continued, "do you believe the company would behave themselves any the leas were I not present. Is it not in these days, when girls aro allowed so much independence, just a trillo absurd'!1 We have not the eyes of Argus to watch thom everywhere." " Well, ronlly now, you come to put it in that way," touching up the near side leader, " it does strike inc as being such, more especially when the chaperone in question receives aa much, if not more attention, than those under her charge." At this remark thc large black sunshade .of Mrs. Fordyce was gently lowered in order to conceal from Eric the mischievous smile on her face. "Very neatly put, Mr. Rymans court, it wouldn't do to say that such a speech coming from an engaged man ia out of place. You arc a privileged being, and exercise that right to perfection ; were you otherwise 1 should order you to turn the horses' heads." Eric knew just how much of this last, apparently withering retort, to believe. Hers was thc kind of disposition that he fancied he could fathom so easily. To put har ant of temper was impossible, ao whatever else people might have said about tho pretty Mrs. Fordyce, this at leaat, could not be laid to her charge. Her husband who was scated at the back of the vehicle, puring over a race card, was in her eyes nf as little import- ance as tho loaves which strewed the track ahead of them. She had made a bad marriage, and more sensible than most of her 30X. was aware of it. Hut never did she by a ghost of a chanco ap- pear ao before tho world as anything but the happiest of mortals. She looked 1 upon all display of tempor, when her hus- band did something to exasperate her, as the worst of form, only suitable as she would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of all- descriptions were her positive aversion, and she avoided them. She was without children, and rather congratulated herself upon the fact, be- lieving aa she did that it' there had been any they would moat certainly have taken after their father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyco cow possessed were duo to the result of thia unhappy alliance. Her marriage, like many another, had started under the most favorable auspices, only to grow as time wore on, utterly intoler- able. That trust which she had so im- plicitly placed in her husband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatment she had received from her partner, and unable to show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. " What about your chance of winning to-day, Mr. Rynianscourt?" she exclaimed, aa scarcely moro than two or three miles separated them from the course. "Ah, that ia more than I can say, but if training can do anything and "Tear- away" doean't show temper at the post I'll be bound to say we'll make a good race of it." "Why are all these exciting pleasures reserved for men," continued Mrs. For- dyce, "whilst wc poor mortals itching for something of the kind can only look on. It makes me fur more nervous to watch a ateoplechase than if I really rode in it." " Come, now, Mrs. Fordyco, plucky as you are, no ono would care to see you risking your life in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It makes one shudder to think of it." Mrs. Fordyce had never regarded the situation from this point of view. " Well, I can assure you there will bc no pleasure for mo to-d>iy until the Cup is over. -My heart will be in my mouth at every jump your horse comes to." This last waa said with almost a pathetic tone in her voice, to which Eric, not un ilattered by tho remark, replied : " Nonsense, it will be the moat glorious fun out, and remember from your hands and no other will I take the ribbon of honor if my horse wins." Mrs. Fordyco would have wished for nothing botter tliau to have been able to crown Eric Rynianscourt with vic- to ry's reward. In many ways and by casual little speeches let drop, she had shown her cards to this astute young man, who now rattled on to the course in the midst of a varied assortment of people who had Hocked to the Finbourne meeting. In front <>f what was generally known as tlie "Grand-stand" tho "Karatoo inah drag and its living freight came to a halt. Had the day been made to order, none better could have been provided. The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud-tongued, and ar- rayed in garments of wonderful and fear- ful make, shouted the odds in one's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about from carriage to carriage, going through tho usual buffoonery. Aunt Sallies, three-card trick men, thimble riggers, and the thousand and ono honest and dishonest distractions of a race- course were hero in abundance. Within the saddling paddock, where Eric, accompanied by Ronald Gregory and others of the party were, walked tho horses, swathed from head to foot in warm rugs. Jockeys and trainers stood about in knots here and there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood of the patient training bestowed on their re- spective horses at length resulting in success. Around a dark iron-grey hunter, clad from head to foot in a thick navy blue rug with the initials " E.R." worked in the corners, stood Eric, Dalrymple and others. " Strip him," said the former to the stable-boy, whose arma were nearly pulled out nf their sockets from tba con- stant habit which Tearaway had of throwing his head up. Presently was revealed to fhoir gaze the :arin-lil:o coat of the groy, whose veins, standing out like thick cords, and bold eye», clear as crystal, denoted this picture nf equine grace and strength te be in the pink of condition. " What do you think of him ?"' en- quired Eric of Itonnld. "Couldn't be better," remarked thc latter, whose judgment in matters oi horse- flesh was much respected. " How about that off fore-leg, looks tc me a trifle puffy. Has he had bandages on ?" enquired thc manager of Timbo >ra, walking up to examine thc limb more closely. " You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gregory," answered Eric. " That is the only queer-looking point about him ; there is nothing really wrong, however. I've hunted him twice a fortnight regu- larly with the Melbourne hounds without his showing tile slightest sign of weak- ness." The linkes by this time were trkinjj their preliminary canters before the (¡rsi race, and Eric, having instructed the. atnble-boy to put thc rugs on again, auc not keep the horse standing, sauntered back with his friends to (he drag. The grand-stand lind since filled to rc pletion, and alongside the fences whicl lined the course :i perfect sea of faces watched the animals as they strode pas; in majestic sweep. The race itself was of not much im portanco, hoing one of those five-furloii< bursts in which from start to finish tin horses pounded along like steam engines It was soon over ; the winner weighed ii alright, and once more the running traci was given over to the crowd. A crowd of the oddest collection o human beiuga it was possible to imagine Acrobats were here earning au hones penny in showing to the wturit: of on lookers to what extent they could beni their flexible backbones, which is mor than could be said of thc lynx-eyed in dividunl who declared that speculatioi was the footstool of fortune, and tha the monkey who picked out the winni»; number could do nothing deceptive. Yes truly a buzzing, merry, excited throng i that of a racecourse, where one can stud; human nature in all its varied forms. At thc close of the third evont an hou; and a half would elapse before thc race o the day, during which time the party in the drag were lunching. Well Stockei hampers were now unpacked and thei contenta discussed. Champagne-corks without whioh no race lutichoon-party i complete, flew from thc bottles as th golden liquid sparkling in the aunligh waa poured into the glasses. "Can 1 tempt you '!" said Eric to Mrs Fordyce, placing before her a sandwiel and glass of T'ommery. "Many thanks, Mr. Uymanscotirt, bu really I could touch nothing just now.*' This was no affectation on her part ? might have been discerned by her looks Mer whole face wore a pale and anximi expression. "But i sally f should advise you to tuk ono litílc sip of ' fiz,' if nothing more;" witli which pressing request she raised the glass to her lips more to please him than anything else. Presently Vue saddling bell rang, re- minding Eric that he must not delay longer as there were many things to be looked to before thc race started. " Remember,*' he said to Mrs. Fordyce at parting, "you are to have the ribbons all ready. 'Tearaway' looks as fitas a liddle, and if I'm not first past thc post at the finish, may I never win another race." Ida Fordyce dared not trust herself to make answer. Her heart was too full foi speech, but as she cast om; longing look upon the speaker, who had now swung himself to the ground, her eyes, if ever a woman's breathed love in them, spoke volumes. "Ah, how wrong it is of nie to feel like this," si>c thought to herself as Evie's form vanished in the crowd, " he an en- gaged man, and Ia married woman." The thoughts of her own position, how- ever, did not troulile her much. She would have, left her husband to-morrow for all she cared about him, but to set her affections upon a man who was pledged to another, made all her better feelings rise up in reproach at the idea. Such was her train of thought when she was startled from her reverie by seein« the horses emerge for their cauters. Eric was now giving final orders to Tipoo about the tightening of a girth, or adjusting a throat-hand, during which operation "Tearaway," now worked up to a pitch almost bordering on insanity, showed his decided objection to. "Give him his head," Eric said quietly to Tipoo, as he swung lightly into his seat, "and bring my ulster down to the scales when 1 come in." With this last command Eric rode out of tho paddock, his black and gold satin jacket and cap, and faultless boots and breeches, making the finishing touches to a perfect picture. He was almost the last to make bis appearance, and as he put "Tearaway " into a gentle canter a murmur of admira- tion broke from the assembled crowd. With the exception of young Sefton's "Sprightly," and ahorse called " Lamp- lighter," ridden by .lack McNaughton, Eric felt that he had little to fear. The rest of the field for the most part was comprised of hunters, well brod enough, though without much pace. There were ten altogether. The starting bull by this lime had rung, and tho horses were making their way to the post. The " Timboora " party were all eyes at this moment, levelling îeld-glasses, laughing, talking and mak- ing final wagers as to the result. Amongst them on the roof of the drag stood Mis. Fordyce, her tiny mother-of- pearl glasses trembling in tho small gluved-hand which held them. She saw or cared for nothing but tho black and gold stripes which glanced in the sunlight, as fretting and fuming " Tearaway " wheeled round and round in his impatience to be oil*. Every- body's gaze was turned in the direction of the horses, and nearly everybody, it maj' be said, had an interest in the race. Tho line was almost complete, except for that brown colt who, letting out with his heels, made all confusion again. Thc starter, with flag in hand, stood rigid as a. sentry awaiting patiently his oppor- tunity. There was scarcely a whispei now amongst the crowd as they strained their eager eyes. Time after time the horses wheelet into line,when, just at thecvitical moment ono or two overstepped the chalk mark and had to be brought back again. " lt's very aggravating," exclaimed Miss Seacombe, who, perched on tin highest coign of vantage the drag coull afford, almost bit the end of her pencil ii two. " That lanky, brown colt is doim all the mischief, 1 wish I had him for i season, I'd teach him manners." Scarcely had she made this remarl when the magic words, "they're off," burs from a thousand pairs of lungs. On tliey caine like a flock of tropi birds, steadily and well in hand, for th race was threo miles in length, beside stiff fences to negotiate. lt was hard to tell which horse looke like a winner »3 they dashed past th stand for the first time. Real work ha not begun yet, the riders steadying thct down in order to restrain their too eagf rush «t thc first jump, which consisted i. a thick log-fenco with anything but a nie landing on the other side. With acclamations of delight issuiu from thc crowd in general, alf the horsi had cleared thc first obstacle, and wei now getting well under way. Tiie brown co't was making tho nu liing, being about five lengths ahead, an pulling like a demon ; behind him eau three in a clump, amongst which w; young Sefton on "Sprightly," holdii. hard, and knowing just how much rope i I give him. Then followed the rest, at ti I head of which " Tearaway " and " Lam] lighter " were conspicuous. "Take you in h:ilf-crowns,*' said Tili: Seacombe, ii: answer to .idds offered h Ly ilouald Gr.gory, abjin the brow colt. Soon ail glasses vere levelled again t thc steepleo'iasers as jump after jun they flew. " Heavens ! what a f.vll I'-shrieked Mi ! Elwood, as a huge bay horse came eras iugro If rm jinn" with its rider. But, there was no time now for wale ing events such as these. The field swe on, utterly unmindful of everything b what lay before it, and for the seem time they rushed »¡-.st the stand. T, pace was now beginning to tell upi them, and comments were freely marie to who would pull it off. "Lamplighter " was lead ins ¡md gob like a bird, then followed a dark lit! roan which no one had dreamed of bac ing; after those came "Sprightlj "Tearaway," and a couple of horses not much account, with the rest n whore. This being the last round, thc watt jump, a nasty-looking ditch lined on o side with a prickly thorn fence, had be faced. As " Lamplighter " approach it and eventually cleared it by yan followed by the roan who did so, too ringing cheer went up. Hut what d may umotigst the remainder who, with t exception of "Tearaway," "Sprightlj and two others all came to grief. F after fall as crashing over tho fence her long into tho water, with riders nu bespattered and drenched, they onion; from iheir bath. Yet, who could lu back at these now, when the finish 1 tho " Squatters' Cup" lay between t six struggling in. At tho next jump two moro came grief, ono of them breaking his bai though his rider esoapid unhurt. Mrs. Fordyco at this moment aim grew sick with anxiety ns alic trembling gazed at tho lour now !,:ft. The race now lay bet ween " Lan lighter," "Sprightly." "Toaraw/iy," a Hie roan horse, with two moro fences bo cleared before r'-tvhing home. Eric was calm, Civïl and collected, now viewing the.situation he took neo place in thc quartette. 2( "My beauty," he uttered, as lifting "Tearaway " nt the second last fence he shot to the front amidst deafening cheers. " Tho grey wins !" " Tho grey wins !" shouted every voice as tho black and gold stripes followed by tho primrose hoops of "Lamplighter's" rider were seen close upon his heels. Tho excitement now was intense as the horses approached the last jump, " Tear- away " looking as if he must win. Ju an instant a heart-rending shriek broke from the lips .of Mrs. Fordyce, as the "groy," making a bold olibrt to clear i the paling fence, struck heavily1 and came } toppling to earth. His rider, ¡lung lii^h in air, was viewed for an instant with arm?, outstretched, then was seen to lie on thc sward an inanimate mass. All interest noir seemed to have vanished from the race as " Lamplighter," with "Sprightly" and tho roan second and third respectively, galloped iu a winner. Mrs. Fordyco had turned the color of marble, and clutched for support at tho railing beside her. " My God," exclaimed Iíonnld Gregory, "he hasn't moved a muscle yet," as pre- paring to start for the scene of action ho dismounted from the drag. Soon everybody was rushing in one di- rection ; a stretcher carried by two men with a doctor in attendance, was hurrying along. Di lièrent accounts reached the ears of the ladies on the drag. Some said that he was killed, whilst others aflirmed that he was only stunned. Whatever it was, the suspense which Mrs. Fordyce endured was agonising. Presently she saw carried past, to all ap- pearances, tho lifeless form of Eric. She knew no more. Everything swam before her. The buzz of voices grew less dis- tinct, tents, carriages, horses, were ono indescribable mass of confusion. In an- other second Dalrymple had rushed to her aid and was bathing her temples, whilst another administered brandy. Mrs. Fordyce had fainted. 