Mil. AND MRS. liOWStB. (bstso rr T&SE; pbess.} Bt Mss. Bou rse. "Well, what dr> you think?"' qaeriwd Mr. Bowfcer, as he looked up at urn across the aopper table one eveniug- " You—you haven't been and bought another horse, ilr. "Bowserr" " Horse I Can't you think of anything bat horse '1 1 snDpo^e rou'Jl thro-.v that Lon-e up to ine to your dving day." " I'm so glad you have decide! not to buy another! Is it sr>me more chickens, or a new fire escape, or another dog to eat us uv He turned pale, and refused to b -y another word for two hours. Then he could hold himself no longt-r, ana he suddenly observed: I suppose you trill feel proud of too title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser r" " What do you me::n ?", " Just what I say. You arts soon to be kaown as Mrs. Aid. Bowser." '' Are you going to run for office ?" " I am. It was all settled this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this ward." " -tlr. Boivser, is it possible that you s re going to let them lead you into an;' s-uch foolishness ! I thought you had a more level beiul than, that, in spite of all your mistakes." Afy mistakeshe shouted. " I nevermade one in my life, except when I married you. Level head! I'd like to see someone who carries a mere level head than I do!"' *' And so vou are going to be alderman " If I live"." " But what for r" " Because it is the wish of the people. My country calls. The committee have canvassed the ward and concluded that £ ] the best mac for ' who stood any show 1 _ It is .-1 sacrifice < Sfi^e;;-T® 1 ; spared, strengthened ita. I, irast in' 'He didn't,! bewi. be? . "Who'S® ^•Wba^xhi lashe Biant^ te bat a little more igtui ipit over his &wa;!der. "I'm the porty as carries this warC in bis vest pocket, I am, and if old Bow*- don't cum down liberally he gets left. TeL jm k> comeand seente^'* \- f..j'< Bi ine 'tinM that foreooon I answered the bell to .£ii4.i»nudhe«ler oF some other sort of pcdith^pB«Kte<in the-door-step. ,<0110 of thon feven went so fax its to ask me to pled-r, Mr. Bowser to vote for hire to run one of •Mtdtniatt *rere existed qmd ^£=-j«eatled plagne. Whkt hjd^mcjajs. Wgur or better, """ -"Iiet'i&ie; dfear i^-nast down. in. ^atlom- ^ Hiest^rities " Shay, Mrs. SK it jnsttaeaks my to shoe how er people lore me. They cry ft me, and—and I ay f"r zhem!" This went on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate. Mr. Bowser said he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he wonld have to be on hand. As soon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority- I didn't say much, but I felt pretty eure how it ivotild come oat. Along aiiout ft o'clock he came hose. He was ranmug. He also breathed hard auatooked white. "What on earth is the matter now?" I asked, as he banged irto the hall. " G—gone'. " be gasped. "How, gone "Gone up." "Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. You act as if you had met a ghost and lost your senses." " I—I didn't get the nom—nomination ! " he whispered, his knees quaking so that he had to eit dowu on a chair. Why didn't you " Because tLey concluded that Mr. Scott v.-as the mote popular and the stronger man." " What'. That cross- eyed loafer, who was arrested only List week for whipping his wife r" Y—yes." We looked at each other for a long time without speaking. Then I eaid: I thought the dear people loved you, Mr. Bowser." " Yes." ' i You were to bi selected above all others and honours thrust upon you." " Yes." " Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. You were the patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself." " Yes." " How much has this experience cost yon?" " Four hundred." " Well, you hare made a fool of yourself, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. " You'd better go to bed." " I—I guess I will!" At midnight he woke up, sat up in bed, and tic"; aimed— " Lookhere, old lady. I hope yon feel better, having accomplished your villainous object ?" ** What do yon mean r " " I mean, that you defeated me in the caucus! Everybody knows you, and this opportunity for revenge could not be passed over. Mrs. Bowser, you have gone a step too far! To-morrow I shall consult a lawyer about divorce pro- " Go to sleep." " Yes, I'll go to sleep, but don't imagins I shall forget or overlook your base duplicity. I_ have home and borne, but this is the end f" Nest morning, however, he made no reference to the matter, and as some of ^ party made him believe that he had been withdrawn in the interests of harmouv, he caxne home one day to observe: "I hear that my name is beinj mentioned for mayor, but I shan't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, humble citizen." 