TILE DEAD MAN OF'YAULEY ■ firlLANGB. A GHOST STOitY. (Continued.) “ Hovv yfSs'lie dressed ?-’ . j ’" I could not Sec; lie wore some kind of a black cloak over his shoulders, I think, but the lower part of the ; figure was hidden be liiml the railings. wen, ,we all stood mere perfectly speechless for, as I said, aboul ten second? ;and tlieil the fig'll re'moved, backing slowly into, the door of the room behind him, winch "stood open- It was the door 'of my bedroom! As soon as lie had disappeared j our sensei'seenied to return to its. There was. a general rush-’for the staircase, and, as yoit may imagine, there Was not a comer of the house that was left unsearched ; my bedroom especially was ransacked in every part of it. But all in vain ; there was not .the slightest trace to be found of any living being. You may suppose that not one of us slept that night. We lighted every cand’e and lamp we could lav hands upon, and sab . up till da}- light; but nothing- more was •’■The next morning, at breakfast, Hender son who Seemed very much annoyed by the whole thing,' begged ns not to speak of'it any more. He said that lie bad been told, before; lie had taken'the house,'that it was supposed’ to be haunted : but, not being a believer in sucli childish follies, lie had paid hue little' attention to the rumour; He did not, how ever, want it talked, about, because of the servants,"who'would be s'o easily frightened. Ho was quite’certaih. lie said, that the figures we liad seen'last night must be-somebody draSscdup to-practice a trick upon ns, and lie'' recommended;us all to bring.our gnus down' iSadcd after dinner;; but, meanwhile’, to for ge\the startling' ’apparition as far as we “AVe; of conrsej'readily agreed lo do as lie' wished, althcmg’n Hilo not -think t ha t one of • U^iniagiued'firjr n moment that .niy-muomit - bf iiressing-uplwonld.be able to simulate the aWfull countenance that we all of us seen ten plainlv. It'would.' have' tiiliep a Hare or an Arthur Cecil, with all flic''theitrical-ap pliances knowh only to tlidse two talented actors. to have “ made up ” the. face, that was literally that of a corpse. Such a person; could not he amongst us-^aetually in the' house—without our. know.edge. “ We had another good diiy’s shooting, and by degrees tlic'f resli ai r and exercise, ami the excitement 'of the sport, obliterated the im presions of wlirttwe had seen in some mea sure from the minds of most of us. that evening y,- e all ftp; cared'in the hall after dinner with oiu loaded guns beside us*; but' although'we sat up till tlie small hours, and looked'-frequently up 'at the gallery at the end of the hall, nothing at -all disturbed ns that night.” . Two nights' tluis went by-and nothing further Was seen of the gentleman with the tawny beard. AVliat with the good company, the good cheer, and the pheasants, we had pretty Well forgotten nil about him. “We were .sitting as usual upon the third' night, with our pipes and cigars ; a pleasaut glmv from the bright wood-fire : in the great chimney lighted rip' the old hall,and shed a genial warmth about us-; when suddenly it seemed to me if there came a breatti of cold, chill air behind, suelras one feels when going down into soino damp, cold vault or cellar. “A strong shiver shook die from head to foot, before even'l 'saw--it, L knaw that it Was there: -. r - - . *‘-It leant over the failing ’of the gallery, ami'looked down at- us all just as it had done before. There was no change'in theatlitude, no alteration in the fixed, malignant glare in those stony, lifeless eyes; no-movement in the white and hi-odless features. Below, amongst'file eight of us gathered there, thcVe ' , arose'a regular panic of terror. Eight- , strong, healthy, well-edueatcd, nineteentli- , ceuturv Euglislimen, and yet 1 .am hot , ashamed to'say llwt rve were paralysed with fear. Then one, mbre'quickly recovering his senses’than the rest, caught at his loaded Igiln that, leant against the aide chiinfiOy icomor. aud bred. .. 1 ; “The hall was .filled with smoke;.-but as , it cleared away, every one of uS eouhl sec the figure of our supernatural visitant, slowly backing, as he li.id'duhe on the previous' occasion, into (lie chamber behind him. with something like'a' sardonic smile of scornful; derision upon 1 iis horrible, death-like face. • ■“ The next m'oriiiiig, it is a singular and! ; remarkable fact, that four out of the'eight1 of'us'received by the morning post-so they stated—letters of 'importance which, called' them up to town.by the very first train 1 One man’s mother was ill, another had to consult' his lawyer ,'wlulst pressing engagements, to which 'they could assign no definite name' calledhwav the other two. “There were left in the house ' thal' day but four of us—AVctls, Boh Harford; our host, a'nd myself. 'A sort of dogged determination not to be worsted by a scare of this kind kept us still’there. ' The morning light brought a return of common-sense and of natural courage to ds. AVe could manage to'laugh over last night’s terrors whilst discussing our bacon and'kidneys'add hot coifed over the late breakfast- in thepleasaut niorniiig-room,' with the sunshine. ’'streaming cheerily in, through the diamond-panel windows. "“‘It must be a delusion of our brains,’ said one. '“•'bur host’s. champagne, suggested an °'^yweil organised lioax,’ opined a third, “ 11 will tell you what we will do,’ said' out host—‘now that those other fellowsdiave: all gone, and I suppose we don’t any of us believe much in those elaborate family reasons which have 'so hna'cfcodfitabiy summoned; them away—we four Will sit up regularly night after night, and watch for this thing, whatever it may be. , I myself cuiuiiit believe in ghosts—it 'is ;against nature anil against common sense that'sueli things should exist'. —aud’yet I caniiot;'dtny the evidence of my own eyes, borne out as it has been by every one of you. Of ep'drse, before I came lieiro:; I' heard “tHe placid" was haunted but as von may imagine,, J tjid not care a fig for.that' having' always have4lle';supremest contempt: for such rubbishing stories. However, this; ; morning I ba'd't&teu; ' th’c'trouble to go out/ before "breakfast ro. seeo.the Hector -'of the?, parish; an old'-gentleman who is. well-up in; all the traditions of tlie ilieighhourhood, and; T have leavntfrom him .the whole of the sup posed story of, our/rfend of the. fawny heard,j .which;ifyou like Jf xvill now relate to yon.”, '« Henderson then proceeded to tell hs the; tradition concerning'the Dennis Varl'ey who; murdered his' sister', the' Kim—n'story which; *1 will not repeat to yoii, Lester, as Hse'e yon; know it already. • ' : The clergyman bail furthermore' told; him that’ the figure of the murdered Hun'was also sometimes seen'along the same gallery but that this was a very rare occurrence.' When both'the murderer and his victim are' seen together, terrible misfortunes .-ire sure; to assaif thetmfortuiiate living man Who sees them; and if the Hun’s face is revealed, death within the year is tlie doom 'of the ill-1 i fated person‘who has seen it. '«• Of course,” concluded our host, “ I con-, 1 'siller all those stories to be absolutely childish. At the same‘time, I cannot help thinking that some human agency—probably, ' a gang of thieves or housebreakers—is at; work, and' that wc shall probably be able to; unearth an organised system of villany bvj which the rogues, presuming on'the credulity of the persons who have inhabited the place,; have been able to plant themselves securely! amongst some 'secret passages and hidden rooms in the house, and have carried on their depiedations undiscovered and unsus-1 peeted. How. wiU all of you' h'elp me to un • ravel this mystery-’” ' ' ' -.-'r / “AVe all promised readily to do so. It is astonishing .how brave we ‘felt at eleven o’clock in the morning; what an amount of pluck ami courage each man professed him; I self to he endued'with ; how lightly we jested -about ‘ the ohl boy with the beard,' -and What jokesi we. .cracked about the mur s too ugly, show-man :e straight nun after! all were :r our own o'clock in dered Nun. “Slic ofteiier if she was good her looking at Hob Mar •It was Jack Uarelit who of the party; she’d be s«ro for him if she could, he was by the women,” and so bp laughing loudly and heart witticisms. That was at el the morning. . ’■ At eleven o’clock at night wAcbuhl hav given a very different report of ourselves. “At eleven o’clock at night each man took up Ills appointed post in solemn and somewhat depressed, silence. ■ “The plan'of bur campaign had been care-, fully organised, by our host, Each man was; posted separately with about thirty yards between them, so that no optical delusion, such as an effect of firelight upon the oak panelling, nor any reflection from the cir cular mirror over the chimney-piece, should be able to deceive more than 'one amongst us. Our host lived himself in the very centre of the hall, facing the gallery at the end : Wells took up his position half-way tip the short, straight, flight of steps; Harford was at the top of the stairs upon the gallery itself ; T was opposite him at’the further end. In this manner,'whenever the figure > ghost or burglar—should appear, it must necessarily be between two of us, ana bt, seen from both the right land the left side.' We were prepared to believe that one amongst tis might be deceived by In's senses dr by Iris •imagination, but it was clcav that two persons could not see the same object from a different point of view, and be_simul taneously deluded by any effect of light or any optical hallucination. •; ‘•Each man was provided with 'a loaded' revolver, a braudy-and-soda, and a sufficient stock of pipes or cigars to last him through' the night. . We took up bur positions at eleven o’clock exactly, and waited. f “At first we were all four very silent,' add, ns .1 have Saul'.i'efore; slightly depressed;, but as the hour wore away, and nothing was seen'or. heard, we, began, to talk ito each! other. Talking, however, was rather a diffi-; cnlty. To begin with, we had to shout—at least, we in the gallery had to shout to Hen-; derson down in the hall; and though Har ford and Wells could converse quite comfor-; tablv, I, not being able to sec the latter at all front t'ny end of the gallery, had to pass'" my remarks to him second-hand through: Harford, who amused himself in misstating: ivory intelligent remark that I entrusted, him'with ; added to which natural impedi ments to t.lie ‘ flow of soul,’ the ‘elements thought lit to create such a hullabaloo with-, out, that conversation was reudered still further a work of difficulty. . “I never remember such a night in nty; life. The rain came down in torrents ; the iviiul howled and shrieked wiklly amongst the tall chimneys and the bare elni-trces without. Every now and then tliere'was a lull, and then, again and again, a 'long sobbing 100011 came swirling round and round the house, for all the world like the cry of a human being in agony. It was a night t’o make ' one kh'udder, atid thauk Heaven for a roof over one’s head. , “We all sat on at our separate posts hour after hoar, listening to the wind awd' talkihg at intervals; betas tlie time wore on insen sibly we became less and less talkative, andl a sort of depression crept over us. “ At last we relapsed into a profound: silence. .fThetksudil.enly there came upon us all that chill blast of air, like a breath from a charnal-honse, that we had experienced, before, and, almost simultaneously a hoarse cry breath broke from Henderson in the body of the hall below, ami from Wells half-, way tap the stairs. “Harford.and I sprang to crtir feet, and, we, too, saw it. “ The ilead man was coming slowly Hip' the stairs ! He passed "silently up wi th a sort of still, gliding motion, within a few inches of poor Wells, who shrank Jack, white with terror.against the wall. .HenderSoa rushi'd. wildly tip flie 'stairiiisc in pursuit, whilst.' Harford and I, upon the gallery, fell back; instinctively at his approuen. “ He passed between its. . .v,.. . : “ Wosaw: Thc'gllttcrof.ltis sightless eyes— the shrivelled skin upon his withered face— the-mouth that fell away, like the mouth of a corpse,'beneath his' fawny heard. We felt the cold, death- like blast that went with; him, and the sickening horror of his terrible presence. Ah' ! canT*ever forget it ?■’ : With a strong shudder, Jack Darent buried his'face in his..hanils, ail'd seemed too much overcome for'some minutes to be able to pvo “ My dear fellow, arc you guru 2" 1 said, ir. an awe-struck whisper. He lifted his head.. “You'forgive me., Lester, the whole busi ness lias shaken my "nerves. so thoroughly that; I.liavc'not vet been able to get over it.; But I have not yet told you the worse,” “Good heavens—is there Worse!” I ejaculated. He nodded. . _ , , . “No sooner,” he continued, “had this "“•fully creature passed its, then Harford tched at my arm, and- pointed' to the far !f end of the gallery. -.Look 1” he cried,-hoarsely, “ the-Nnn !” 'There, •coming towards us from the posite direction, was thc veiled figure of a ‘ There werc'the long, flowing white and ick garments—the gleam of the cruel fix at l- neck—the jangle of her‘ rosary-beads ifn her waist; but the face whs hidden. : ‘ A sort of desperation seized me. With d dent effort o.er myself,"I went towards; is fresh apparition. . - , ! ‘ It 11ni.1t be a hoax,” I said t’o myself, and. he ivas tlie half-formed intention in my! ml of wrenching aside the flowing iperies anil of seeing for myself who and' i.at it was. .‘I strode towards the figure—P iod within half a yard of it. The Non; sell her head' slowly—and Lester—I’saw There wa:s a momeht’s'stlerica. i “Whitt was if like,-Jack?”.-I tiskeil himj jseutiy. ... . ’ He shook’ibis head. ’: '; “ That l ean never'‘felP to 'any living crea ‘ Washt'.io,hombleT’,, .. .. He ti'odded assent, shuddering. ' “ And what happened next ?” '. I ‘1 believe..I .'fainted.. .At. all events, If neraber nothing further. They made met to the Vicarage the next day. I was so ockeil ‘over by it all—I- was. quite ill. I| till not have stayed 'in the, house. lj ipped there all yesterday, and I got tip to vn this morning, 1 wish to Heaven I hail cen your ailviee; old man, anil hail neven ae to that horrible house.” ! ‘1 wish you lin'd, Jack,” ! ailswcreil for . [jo you know that- I shall die within the. ir?” he asked me presently.' ' '!• tlie l to po’oh-poulnt. . ... ' My dear fellow, don’t take the thing so-, iously as all that Whatever may he the',: min"-of thfee horrible apparitions, there, i be'nothing but an old wife’s fable-in, ;i sating. Why on earth should you die 1 •ou of all people,. A strong fellow, with a! istitution of iron! You don’t look like ]?or all that I-shall die. I cannot tell you! r'l aYii so certain—hut. I‘ktiotv ’ that it Lbeso,” he answered, inalbwvoice, k^nilj ie terrible misfortune, will happen to Har 1—the other two never saw her it is lie I 1 who are doomed.” '. , ; t passed'away. Last sutamer octets rang for a week or more of poor Bob Harford’s tnisfor irlwtom he was engaged "to, he was devotedly’attached— Etil,-and wealthy—ran away on C her wedding day, with a drink r vidian, who bail been^turiieil » many clubs and’tabooed for respectable man in town, and inn-but a handsome face anil a tanner to recommend hiiti, aiitl who by dint of these, bail succeeded in gain ing a complete ascendancy over the fickle heart of. poor. Ilobs' lovely fiancee. As “to Harford, he sold out and went tp the back Wocds of Canada,- aiitl has never biieti heard of since. A Ad what of Jack Darent.’ Poor, hand some .Tack,-with his tall figure ami liis bright, happy face, and the merry blue eyes that had. wiled Bella Lester's heart away! | Alas 1—Far away in Southern _ Africa' poor’Jack Darent lies in an unknowh •grave: —slafiibv a Zulu assegai on' the “fatal plain' of Isaiiclnia 1 ; And Bella-goes about clad in sable gar-; ments, licavy eyed, and stricken with 'sore grief. A Widow in heart, if not in name. Tiie end. 