No. tf35 .SOUTH AUDLEY STREET. (vA:-:ry y±iv.) It was a charming littler liouse, and it ?ui:c-vl nie exactly. My wife KiiJ so ; and as ever)7- ? thhig that pleases her pleases me, I said so and tu-»k it furnished for twelve ir.-jiith* from Laoy-du y. The landlord's ii. 1 7710 -Ie Uo.sav ; but we never s. \ w him, as lie had gone abroad. We only ia- : to use the lioa&e; i':-r the season and for ; o.,i:a.r:f;:iai visits wheu the country became j dull, or wlic.t tho irv:.--L stopped i As a inatttr of we lived in :t for three-quarters ot our Term, and tried to J take it on afterward; but tbe owner was coming back to live in it, and is living tLerc at this moment. I have not b^en quite so certain curing the patf few weeks that I t-hould like to return io it ; but my wife says tb it, except for an attack of indigestion aud a consequent night- ! maie. I never was sick or sorry in it, and that she wishes to goodness wc were back now, instead of iu a Victoria street flat. I ♦lecy ibe indirection, and question tbe night mare: but it is of no use. My wife would go to the Blankneys' ball ojj liiL- of July in last year, and I would :;ot. Everything which pleases my wife pleases me ; but exceptions prove the rule. So sue said that she should do as she , plowed, I said so slionld I, Then she was quite pleased to 2:0 without me, and the rule j wa« again proved ; so much so that I nearly , repented and went with her ; but eventually ; croitsoled myself by dining with a bachelor j friend at his club, aud doing a theatre, i Of course I had to stand him eupper in j return, eo we had a lobster salad and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden ! lane — I forget the names of those places now | that I am married. The supper was excel- i lent, eo was Ihe burgundy ; and after a i cigar I turned in about 1 o'clock, and fell ^ quickly that I had hardly/time to 1 wonder how my wife was enjoying herself, and fernus that slip xrnnld not wake me on her return. I must have been asleep for a couple of hours when I was aroused by a light in my eye---. Thinking that it was my wife, I grunted & remonstrance and prepared totum overtomy other fide. I partly opened my eyes as I did so, and, to my astonishment, saw a man in evening dress bending over my bed with a iiandi'T 'i:: his hand. I was asleep on the left side of the bed, in the position that I always occupy : and as the bad was a very wide one, I could not at first make out what he was doing, as I was without my eyeglass. When, however, I had really got my eyes open and U5?ed to the light, J could see that he was paying no attention to me, but looking at the sid'n of the bed nearer to him — the side, in fact, usually occupied by my wife. Was tha't a sob? 1 turned my head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my wife — no ; the hair on the pillow was long and fair, and my wife is a brunette, and — between ourselves, this — some of her hair ? . At all events, it was not my wife, bat a fair woman quite unknown to me, who was lying half undressed outside of the bed. Her eyes must have been half closed, for the man bent lower and held the candle close to her face as if to rouse her. 44 You are in pain, mon amie^* he mur mured, in a very deep, but not disagreeable voice, ' Drink this.' In his lelt band the held a wine-glass; with some dark liquid in it. The woman : moaned faintly. j 44 You shall drink it,' he said, in a slightly | louder tone. And as he did so he placed the j candle on the foot of the bed. While moving, 1 he threw the light more completely on his | features, and I saw them clearly. He was a ' aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a i Jewish type, with black h»fr and moustache, and with the blackest eyes that ever I saw, and the hardest looking. There was the least touch of something wrong with the left eye — a cast, I suppose, but a slight one — just enough to give a sinister expression to the face in some aspects of it* He returned with the wine glass still in his left hand, and with his right he clutched the woman's left wrist, and I could see his teeth clinch and the muscles of his lean square jaw set themselves. She gave a little shrieik of pain, but opened her hand, and then let her fingers close on the stem of the glass. 'Drink it off,' he said; 41 it is the! sedative Sir William, ordered; & wonderful' thing for neuralgia.' She raised Her head from the pillow and put the glass to her lips. As she did so, I could see the marks on her wrist, where he had clutched it, change from white to red. ' It is very strong,' she said, taking a ! sip. 44 Drink it down,' he said, still in his deep, gentle voice ; and putting his a^m round her neck he thrust his finger against her lips till she opened her mouth. His band was on the bnffnm nf the class, and he tilted it tail it stood on end. She choked and coughed. 44 You are as hard to dose as & dog,' he said, with a low, soft laugh. ' You will soon sleep now. Good-night, men amU' Then he took np the light and walked to wards the door, looking back as he did so with a sort of smile on his cruel, sallow, face, and with the cast in his eye more apparent RTi ever. It was the sort of look that a man might have as he watched the result of an interesting experiment — a look fall of quiet, choerful interest; I had been waiting then from second to second— the whole transaction hardly took a minnfa — for one of them to notice me. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, but a vague feeling kept me silent. Now that the man was actually leaving the room I shouted after him. But, to my horror, I could not hear myself ; and the man did not turn his head as he dosed the door after him. Had I been suddenly struck with deafness, he at least would have heard : and I should not have been able to listen, as I was listening, to the heavy laboured breathing of the woman lying beside me iu the pitchy darkness, or to he con~ scions- that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring np in bed with a yell of horror that re sounded through the house* clutching in vain terror in the blackness, my hand falling first upon the head and then upon the hand of the woman beside me. To my astonishment, my hand was angrily grasped by little warm fingers, then flung back upon the counterpane ; while the voice of my wife, sleepy, very cross, but unmistakably hers, asked what on earth I meant by rousing her from her first sleep when she had shown such consideration in slipping into bed without disturbing me. X told her as well as I could ; but neither then, nor during the day which followed, when I told the whole story much as I have above, was any explanation which did not include the buttered crab accepted by her. In fact, she pooh-poohed and scoffed at my ghost story to such an extent that, though the indent took place a year ago, I have hardly ventured even to think of it ance. But -the whole affair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was at the office of my late landlord's solicitor,' making some payments, which, by-the-bye, I ought to have made- on giving sp .^bfl session at Lady-day. I had remarked to Mm how aorry we were to turn out, and that he really might have allowed ns to stay on for a few weeks of the season, con sidering' that oar landlord had only now ' What sort of a man is Mr. de Rosay?' I asked. ' He seems pretty peremptory, from the only correspondence! have had with him.' ' Poor old Will !'' said Mr. Inkpen. ' He is not so bad as he makes himself out, and he has had a lot of trouble. However, he seems happy enough now. Look at his photo graph !' And the solicitor, who was filling up a receipt for my money, nodded towards a large envelope which lay on the table in front of him. ' What sort -of trouble I asked, think ing that, at aU events, Mr. de Rosay had not bad to accompany his wife over a hundred and odd furnished flats and houses in search of a roof to shelter him. ? 44 Trouble !' ejaculated Mr. Inkpen. 'Why his young wife died when they had only been married a year.' I had been thinking of my bachelor days, bnt still I expressed a becoming sympathy for Mr. de Rosay. Mr. Inkpen, who is a very cheery specimen of a lawyer — more like a family doctor than a family solicitor — ran on — '€harn$ng giri she was, with a snug fortune. 315 South Audley street was hers, and she died there two years ago on Satur day nezt. You did not know your land lord was my cousin ? He used to wander about looking like a corpse ; but since he has been abroad, like many people who seem heartbroken, he has married again.' ' Indeed^* I aid, m an usneoesnnly sur prised tone, -and wishing all the time t£atmy thoughts would not travel quite so- readily to mybechelor days. ' Yes, married a great friend of his wife's — a clever girl, who, curiously enough, was studying medicine in Loudon at the tima Marie -was taken ill.' ' Indeed !'* I siid again. J getting a little tired --f Mr. and His. de Hosay ; but Mr. Inkpen went or — 44 She used to help to rurse px-r Marie with the greatest tion : fed I.lt. mixed her drinks — c-verytlung, in fact. Sbe gave up her studies 10 do so. Curious whit one woman will, do ? /-jr mother, isn't it Y Will is halt 'Spanish himself, and hia first -wife was French ; b:ir this time hn lias nn^Tled Kuglish girl, thank good ness ! w.il, if ho i'3 over ill he will have a g?od nar.s-:j io lock affce r him, and a very pretty one too. Lock lit her photo graph.' I drew from the envelope a cabinet picture of two persfiis standing fii -lc by sitfe. At the pretty features «^f the bride I h;:rd}y glanced; the man l^eside her was enough for me. There he stood, unmistakable— the dark hair and moustache, the minster smile, the curious look in the left eye ! I suppose £ uttered some exclamation, for Mr. Inkpyu looked up, surprised. 44 What is the matter V'' he said, rather drily. 44 You don't know her, do you ? ' 44 No,'' I said: but he is like someone I know.' Then, as I c-.uM hardiy tell my story to a solicitor and the vousin of the man in question : 44 WI:at d:d his first wife die of ?' ' Very ?ad a££U ir, '* l:e answered. ' Delicate woman. Jleadaehcs and neuralgia — youknow the sort of thing : took a lot of opiates. One night she took an overdose of chloral or laudanum, or something of the kind, and died while h»? was in the next room undress ing.' 44 Dear me !' was all I could say. ' How sad!' ' Sad y he echoed ; ' It was only his iron nerves and constitution that enabledhis j rpason to stand the,, jbock. ; l worry/ too, her insurance 'money for weeks foefdti? ^ ; - wonld pay it. We had to threaten an ' action, bet they gave :n. Of course, it wa 1 not suicide.' ' No,' I echoed : 4* of cocrse it was no suicide. What date did you say r' 'It was Saturday next — the 5th of July, bless you said Mr. Inkpen, evidently gratified at having so visibly shocked me* 44 We should have been nowhere, all the same, but for that girl, the present Mrs. de jiosay. r?ne Knew 01 every arop irrii poor Marie took, aud could not stop her. Well, it's all over now, and de Rosay will spend ' the second anniversary of his first wife's death in her house with a new bride. What a thing it is to have iron nerves ! Dou'fc you envy him ' No,' I said, turning as I left the room ; ' upon my soul I don't I' I fancy Mr. Inkpen stared a little as I left. I would not pass to-night at 31o South Audley street, if I had the house rent « free for the rest of the season. No, upon my soul, I do not envy Mr. de Rosay to-night, nor hie wife either 1 But perhaps she has iron neives, too. 