^ Tbe Novelist. A Born Coqn^ttp. B* MRS. HUNGERFORD. ■Author,of "Molly Bnwn,"- "Phyllis." "Lady | .. •! Branksmere," "The Duchess," fco.,"&c.; [all quesnblasb lights eeseeykd.] CHAPTER LI. I lived my lifB, I had my day, And now I feel it more and more. . The game I hafe no strength to ploy Seems better than it seemed ot yore. ER first thought as she sees Penelope is how ill she is looking. The twi light is already gathering, and the schoolroom is dark save for the fire that bums brilliantly in the grate. Penelope, lying baok in a dilapidated armchair that has Even mnoh servioo and suffered many things at the hands oi all the yonng Delaney p. Starts into life as her sieter enters, and runs to greet her, but even thie quick flow of life fails to obliterate the knowledge that a moment ago ehe Was leaning back, listless, tired, bloodless. How, a little colour has sprang to her cheek, bat it fades again, as the first excitement of Nan's unexpected coming is at an end and leaves her deadly pale. • She looks indeed as if sho had received some sudden shock, or was suffering from an attack ' of. nervous agitation. Nan, whoso arm ^ is round her, oan feel that her heatt is beating witb an almost suffocating baste. " Why, Penny, what is it ?" ssys she, " sit down, darling, snd rest for a moment.. How you ttsrted when I came in ! It might have been a regular bogey you saw, instead of your own old Han." • ' i. , "Naul" says Penelope in a low tone. He is here! He is in the county! Did you know?" .' « Yes," says Nan. " I met him jnst now— bnt sorely that need not " "Keihim; where?' • "la Hume wood, close to the old style." ; . Penelope, who has leant forward in her eagerness, now sinks hack in her chair again— a prey to despair. 80 near, - At the door .almost, and never to ootne ia. Oh I when ''William told her this morning that Freddy Gcoker had come down, ehe had hoped, believed, prayed, that some time daring the day he would como to her, and no w ■■ The very bitterness of death seems to have touched her. "What was he doing there f* she asks pre sently, when she has compelled herself to over corns the faintneas that is threatening to Conquer her. " That's what I want to know," says Han irritably. "Hewas always a gloomy sort of person. Perhaps he thought he could gloom ■ better in a lonely wood than anywhere else." " Not always. He used to be so different." "Used he? Yon must bo the came then of his deterioration of late. Ever since he fell ia love with yon, he has been in my opinion the most dismal person on record." Penelope rising abruptly pushes Nan's hands ' away aid stands back from her with miserable offended eyes. " I will have no jests on that subject," sbe said in a choked voice. " Think of me as von will, yon cannot think more poorly of me than I think of myself, bat—bat—I will not have yon \- speak of him in—in that way." " Bat why f" asks Nan aghast. " I cannot see no harm In it. If hs loves you " "He does not love me!" with a little fierce gesture. I " Well, he says he does, he said so juBtnow; and that he was ooming to see too presently. I asked him what brought him baok from Paris, and " " From Paris!" cries Penelope harshly. She stops, and gazes at Nan for awhile in dead silence, then lifting one hand covers her eyes •with it. "Oh 1 of whom hare yon been speak ing," she asks faintly. " Why, of Boyle," says Nan troubled. Terribly troubled now. for she has guessed the troth, and the cruelty of her own blunder. ' " He—" with confusion. " He—does love yon, • Penny." She has laid her hand upon Pene lope's shoulder, hut the litter shakes her off. _ " How dare yon say that to me," ehe says in a low tone, bat vehemently. "Too—yon of all others. This is the second time, Nan, and I warn yon not to do it again Are you a hypo crite? Am I a fool? Am I the only one do yon think that can read between the linen Disguise it to yourself if you will—hut ia your heart you know that Boyle Ffrench still loves you, and you only." . "Oh,no, no!" cri-s Nan, shrinking back terrified. And then, forgetfal of herself, of her own chagrin and fear, of everything save her sielet's deep nnhappincas, the kneels down beside her, and encircles her fondly with her arms. " Pinny 1" whispers sho softly, her cheek against Penelope's, ''Dirling! If-if it : was not Boyle of whom yon thought jnst now, ^No^auswer, only Penelope so turns her head that h»r lips come against Nan's cheek. , Poor ;pretty Bps, cold and trembling. » Speak to me It will do you good. It was "Freddy, was it not? Oh! is it like that with ' UwiU always he like that with me," says Penelope. She sighs heavily, and leans her ■ head npou Nan's shoulder as if tired out. _ ' "It is killing me," she says. " I am dying of it It is silly, weak, anything yon like, bat I can't conquer it. And it is all the more ridiculous because it never reaily occurred to me that I liked him—in—in that way, until I . found he did not care for me." « Well, liston to me," says Nan vehemently, who is now crying. " You aro wrong, wrong. Freddy does love you, I know it. I feel it. Bnt, oh!" with an angry sob, "what a horrid JJow be is not to come and say so." It ii this identical moment that Sir. Slarpbfr elects tothrow open the door, and blink ronnd Him through the ever increasing darkness. • " Are ye there, Mica Penelope," Bays he. Mr. Oroker is in the drawing-room, an' wants to see ye!" Tableau, -" Where f" asks Nan at last, when she has assured herself by pressing Penelope's hands that she is all right, and not likely to go off in one of those weak fainting fits that hare been annoying her of late. " In the drawing-room did yon say, Murphy ?" " An'' is that yon, Miss Nan ? Faith, I didn't see'ye, my dear. Tea, missi ma'am I mane. I pit him in tlibre, an' a lamp along with him. He iooked so down in thh month, the Crathnre, that I thought the dark might disthresa him. Pegs, b» the look ov him, I'd say he was haunted. Masba! 'tis a bard life thim oonnsellors hive. Por ivery boy they give to the rope, there's a ghost to follow thim iter after, so they say. Oh, murdher, Miss! isn't that an awful thought; an'isn't it hard they earn their money." Good old Murphy I UnoonsOiotlaly he haa given them time to recover themselves. "Say Mies Penelope will be in presently," says Nan calmly, and Murphy having retiitned with his message she turns to Penelope: "Oome, pull yoUr.-olf together," Bays she heartily, "and pinch your cheeks a bit, to bring the colour into them." " It is only a formal visit," says Penelope, looking bard at her, the anguish of a shamed confession later on bearing her to the eaitb. "Don't think othbfw'iso, Nan. Don't—I—" hot voioe falters, "I—shan't bo able to bear it if you do." " Don't cry '" says the clever Nan, quickly. "I shan't think anything. Why, what aro yOa thinking abSut, stupid, why shouldn't Freddy come and see ns ii ho likes. There, don't keep him waiting, and give him my love, if either of yon hake time to think cf me." She puehes Penelope gently out of the room as she speaks, and executes a little joyous poi teul on the threshold as the Bees her disappear in the direction of the dining-room. 