REMARKABLE CATS. TDin following feline gossip wvO have gatlhered from various sources, nnd now lay before our - readers for their amuse ment. While cats have, been known, like tihell fiunished" nIothers in Jerusalem, to devour their own offspring, theoy have also been known, when deprived of their kittens, to adopt, young Ihares, hedgohogs; rnts,, and even chickens. The unusual sight of a rat and five young ones in the same nest with a cat and three kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially iarb clover at opening doors; others deplor able poachers on weekdays, become ti very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbath day comes -round. Besides. being oapital hunters aridltole-catchers, others can !ish,_ ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in it most systeomtic manner. But let the following anecdotes speak-for them selves: The cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of a mouse-hole and then retired to await the result, 'had surely something in common with the human speculator and quack -who does pretty nearly the sname thing throught a news paper advertisement. While black cats are supposed by the superstitious to have some connection with the Evil One, others make capital ghosts. A farmnhouse in the north country was haunted by an invisible ghost, which, for a considerablo time, had been in the habit of ringing a certain, bell, and the most lamentable results were about to follow, when the famier with the family Bible, and a student with a bottle of whisky, sat up all night and offectually laid the ghost. It was dis covered, very much to their satisfaction, that the bhll had been rung by puss in her efforts to seize the handle, which consisted of it Iher's foot. Many people have heard of the ploughman's wise and affectionate cat-Msysie, -A ploughman at the foot of the Oclils had been long ill- -his home was in poverty-when tlhe doctor said the poor man would die if his strength was not kept u?p by ,Hmulants and animal food. let -the aequel be told in the w-ords of the ploughican's wife. "I put awn' my marriago gown and ring to got hlint wino but we had nacthing in the house but milk and- meal. Surely, sir, it was the Lorl HIimself that put it into that cat's lhead; for that samne night she brouglht in a fine young rablbit, and laid it on the verra bed ; and the next niglht the samne, -and every night the saleo for a nmonth, while's a rabbit and whiles a bird, till (eorge was up and going to his work as usual. But also never brought anything hlame after that." The ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors is semetines remnarkable. A- large eat in the country was in tie habit of oponing the door for himself in the follow ing manmner. Tifl handle of the door was one of the old fashioned hooped kind, -which required to be grasped and the latch pressed with the thunb,. lie leapt on to the wvindow- sill, which was near the -door, sprung from their and' caught tie -hoop with his forepaw, and hung on. until he pressed down the latch with the other this operation requiring considerable force when thts door swin?ing open, puss dropped to the floor, ancl quietly walked in. in a like ingenious manner, a cat thas been known to open a kitchen-dressor dloor by working the liar which acted as a fastener round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thus gaining ingress. A correspondent sends its the following: "A friend of mine has a cat which gives a double knock at the street-door when it wants to get in. The house olns a side dloor which has the upper panels -gloss, and the knocker is placed below tlhis, so that by standing on its hind-logs it can roach the knocker, which it takes hold of. with both paws and gives ait regular double knock. Visitors who dlo not know Tom's knock do not notice ansything in it different fronm that ginven by a huinman being, and find it very allicult to believe it is the. cat, until, waiting till the knock is repented, the door is opened, and Master Tom walks in. They are obliged to look pretty sharp to see that hie is inbiefore the house is shut up, as he has several tiames returned homue in the middle of a cold night, and knocked again and again, until someone has been coml pelled to get up and let himn in. Occasion ally when the door is opened in answer to his summons, lie will stand purring for a short time and then walk away, as if he enjoyed the fun of giving them the trouble for nothing." I 1 - - Another contributor writes: "We had a horse which was kept in a stable not far from the house, and into tile stable my man introduced. a kitten, and -t? very- close intimacy soon grew up between the kitten and ' the, horse. I have .often- seen her.oon his. back, which 'ltr equine friend quitue seemed to understand, and she made lier lied lust under his manger, ands. eo: have requently seen themn lhaving bits of. fun together. The horse would.nadvance. Iis head towards hler, when pusa-would put up both her pnaws and pretend to scratch- his Snose, which lie seemed rather to enjoy ; and then he would seize grimnalkin by the skin of hlerneck in his teeth, ronl lift her up and quietly drop her, only to repeat the -game, which both seccmed-to enjoy. - "After ai while we sold the:horse, where upon the cat seemed quite disconsolate. PIreviously the stable haid been her lhoune, where she always stayed except for an oe casional run in the garden. But:; now she could not lie induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented. the loss of ther friend by fretting astnl mowing about the house." I llnt tempted," says a thirdl correspon dent, "to inquiro whetther- instances are common of eats shllowin affection. for strangers at jirst eaist. .'Twicse this has happened to mes; once on return from-India after eight years' aienceo, and the second time on 0 l0thernn lull, uear Bombay. "On the former occasion, having reachedt homeo in tlhe forenoon, I was talcming a soli tary walk in the gardten after-lulncls, when a strange cat trotted uls to les, rubbedl itself aginslt nie, rolled on the patht anst friskled ibout in front of me, never censing its de-; nmonstration until 1 reo-enteredl tihe house and room, into whichl it accompanlsied mse. I was on the point of expressing my str prise andt gratiication at the warm vwelcome their pet ind given me, wlhen iny father exclaimed: L" hlat I a eait I- yot never saw a cat in this house," and poor:. l'uss, frighiteifed at tie tone of voice, flow out of the room, snd was never .soeen again. Preo cilely- the same extravagant toklens of regard were shown ane at Mathlern on en tering a Ilouse that hald Ieen closely shut up during the rains. In this instance the cat belonged to the Mallee who lived on the premises, but it was a recent acquisi tion, and had never seen me before. The attachment was so short-lived like the former one, and ended that morning by Puss being caughlt with its head in the butter-dish when breakfast was announced. Both animals were full grown." "An anecdote which hleas just reached me from America," writes a fourth contributor, "seems to cutdo all forner records.. About a year ago, a cat, unlheralded and unknown, came to the house of Mrs. Leonard, a lively lrishwo man, living at 93, Fifteenth Street, South Brooklyn, United States; and the day after Pussy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs which a hen had deserted. Madame Puss was driven off the eggs re peatedly, for fear she would brneak them, ibut persisted in returning and lying on them. At last, to thie astonishmisent of tle household, she aplpeared with four chlicka, -which she had succrededl in hlatchingl Since tlen, shle hIas hatched.four broods; and on November 8th, wlen mny correspom dent wrote to me, she was hltc'hing a fifth I The writer says: "When I called to see this chicken-hlntelng cat, I foundin one corner of the kitchlen a large bint-cage,, around whvhichl a dozen good-sized chickens were strutting and picking up a meal. Insilde the cage, on some straw, was the cat, cover ing four eggs. In order to do this, shelo stretcled herself full lengtlh over them, and so hid themi from view.' Mrs. Leonssdsayvs ' She leaves themt at intervals, but only for a short time; and the chickens lshe has bromught into thie world alshow as much filial affection for hier as is generally shown by chicks for their natural mother.' Thie cat lhasalways evinced great kindness towards Iher offsapring. Wllen hier first brood ap peared, lh caiedme one chicken up a stair, taking it ncat-fishsion by tleo back of the neccl. Tie chicken's skin being tender, bloodt flowed from. thie yong 1bped; bilut the cat applied lier tongeo to tie wvound daily until it hlealed, and now the chicken is anflll-grown Ion." In the course of an animated discusesion in thei colmns of the Sotemanm newspaper on tlohe subject of animal iitelligence, several good cat stories were related, 'We qcuote one or two of them. Some twent.y-ltvo yearse ago a yoimg lady residing in thie Crown and Anchor Lane, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at the fireside, fell asleep. She was suddenly awakened by the cat, which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing her hair, to discover that. her clothes had caught fire to such an extent, that she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. Thile tenacity of lifo in the cat is well illustrated in the followingstory from Land and Water, given in the words of the narrator: Greatly to the sorrow of the children, our cat, a half Persian, suddenly disappeared, and her accustomed place by the hearth, " know her no more." Search was made high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we coijcectnred either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise Inast riday on seeing puss quietly walk- in, scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, coverad with fur, and take her sent before the fire. I need not say she was fed and caressed ad libitumr. 'Thl next day we learned her adventures. It seems on tle 24th of February, puss had strayed in to pay a neighbour a visit, and then finding a plank of the flooring up--a man was alter tng the gas- pipes-had retired into this hola to seek mice. In due course the plank was nailed down, and the cat made -a prisoner. Hero then, without food, drink, or air, puss remained until the 20th of March, when her incessant scratching made the occupier of the house fancy a rat must have a nest thero, and take up the flooring to lay poison. Tlhe poor creaoture was taken out considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of boef-tea, and the next day found strength to crawl hemo. After lier twenty-six days fast, I think poor pusa fully entitled to a most absolute indulgence during the re mainder of Lent." Another correspondent to the Scotsman, gives a brief biographical account of several of his feline friends. " No. 1 was a she-cat of the gray brindled kind, which I bIlieve is tle. Scottish breed. She, like Nimrod, was a mighty hunter. Hares, rabbits, andt partridges all fell victims to her sporting prolpensities. What is remarkable, as, that whatever sile killed she invariably brought home, and laid at my mother's feet. If they weore worth keeping,- as they often were, they worn appropriated, whilo puss sang her song of pleasure; it they wore not worth keeping, they were given backtoher, and she devoured them with relish. Sithe ate none till they were lifted andl thon thrown down to her again. She was: fond of fish, but unlike other cats, she was willintg to wet hier feet for them. Oftenl has sile been watched sitting on the burn hank until a trout came within reach,whon sdown went her paw and. out. cano the trout, almost without fail. " No. 2 was a Tom- cat, red and white. Like No. 1, hlie was a milghty Isunter, At first le brought the fruits of the chase lhome; but afterwards became more selfish, and devoured whlsit lie could on the spot. What was left lie kept hidden until it was required. 'erhllnaps your renders may con sider what follows about him as incredible but it is a fact nevertheless. He seemed to becomo weary of the lying-in-wait process of catching game, and Actually enileavoured to run down hares by speed of foot I- .Ever after that we considered him as having 'a want.' .lie was shot because, when a cer tsin-gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pouneed upon a covey, and deprived the sportstuan-gardenor of his game. Out of revonge, he lodged tile shot in poorr Gib." A ladyin Norfolk writes as follows: "We hlad a cat that always came to family worship. She know the bell, and v\ould race from'the, garden or yard to roach the door ere it was closed, then take her place lemurely. on the hearthlrug, and sit.erect with tail curled gracefully round her paws. When her kitten was old enough to enjoy the privilege, the mother made her come too and sit by hellr silde in precisely the samo position, gravely reproving any inclination to plauy." : . We close our selection with the following extraordinary instance of a cat drowning itself, the facts being vouched for .by a correspondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: " I have never been able to findl a proper solution for the pithy saying, 'Care killed a cat;' lnt recently a.ciroumstuance occurred which may throw some light. upons the matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of'aiimnals. 'Solme of us a few days go were looking from a club window which commands ai fine view of the North Inch of'l'ertl, andl, weore struck lby the erratic movements of a large black cat. - Thl creature waswander ing about upon the Inch in a listless and it' seemed an ainiless fashion, sitting dowin now.andn then, and after a brief pause re- slimitng its loitorings. Prcsently iat moved down' th: river-side towards the bridge which spans :the Tay, and we lost sight of the animal and also of our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing the bridge, an acquaintance laid hold of. me,and told me that hlie had something curious :to com inunicate in the way of natural history. During his constitutional, hlis attention was arrested by tile figure of a black eat sitting upon a helap of stones and- wearing an aspect of the most strange dejection. Passing on, lie turned round -after a little and perceived the cat following slowly in lis track. Then it came close up to him, gazed piteously in his face, and gave utter ince to a low wail -of .peculiar anguish. ]lotlingout his hand out to the distressed creature. he said,- "Poor Pussy ! ?that's the matter with you?" It looked at him steadily for a moment, and then descendini L to the river in silence, leaped in, and keep ing its whole body resolutely under,-was drowned in two -minutes without. one attempt to escape from its: fate Is it known to any ones of your readers. that animals are addlicted like men and women. to tile sin of suieide?. We have all readl of the scorpion iistting sn end to its agony by tlhe keesn poignard of its own sting, but eio nroe in the hiabit of identifying suicide with tluoso of. the human species -who cannot bear to face their own a t:,ons. Could it be that poor grimalkin was-under mental aberration, or had care really killed tile cat ? Were tlhe cares of life too much for this iunfortunate of- tile feline tribe?. Whlcsowe think of the proverbial dislikeof cats even to wet their glossy paws, thle act recorded evinces a deep determinaation of purpose and a fixed loathiag of life. --. - 