n. we pi*yctx oar ttmt pmove with tew iwy chemin vbn $4. Strvun retcumed from tM dab. I nrafree to cw<w that U wu u oc cMHBforae. Ihtddoatri aUttte piiMlud kitffteboiidaQkidwteiSli8efnft«iMndt and when we drew foe. choice of mono the doaitul heligi in my mind eras the thought of the dead nan sitting alt alone, with the white rook in hit hand. Than was an odour of sanctity about the aflair for me—a whiff of air in the had of ghosts. Xererthcless, my loini were girded up, and I waa prepared to bew myself aa a mao ia tbe strife. We trera curiously wed matched, 8t, Serna and 1. We had played 220 gsmos, and, fttiig draw* aside, sack bad aoecad the ana number of wise. He had hi* days, and aohad 1\. At one time I waa aleecu nua ahead, bat eiace that thrior-blrssed boor I had not sowed aaaglegame. He had tracked meateadilr, and cnatullf had made the acotea exactly tie. In Iheae latter day* H had grown with him to bo an article of faith that *i a cheat piayv I waa quite played oat—and then waa a time when I had thought the aame of him! Ho wou the more, end then, a* usual, there came an in terra 1 for rcOoctioe. The wont thing about St. Serran—regarded from a chaae playing point of view— waa that he-took aaeh a time to begin. When a man baa opened hie game ibis excusable, laudable, indeed—if he twniai to reflect a reasonable length of time. But {never knew a man who waa eo fond of re flection before e more wm made. Ae a rale, thatabeurd habit of Lis had quite aa irritating effect apon ray nerrn; but that evening I feit quite cool and prepared to ait him out. There we tat, both making our great pipe*, he staring at tbe board, sad I at him. put out Lie hatd, nlmoat touched n pieos, and then, with a start, be draw it back again. An interval—the aame pantocaine again. Another interval—and a repetition el tbe pantomine. 1 fieffel a dead of emoke into the air and aoftly aighad. I knew he had ban ten minutes by OT watch. Possibly tbe sigh had a stimulating wffest, for hasudriosdystrarrhsd out his hand aad moved aueoa'a knight's pawn a tingle startled. Ha wu gnat at book opening, jhat waa theebrardaat part of it He _you to suppose that ho waa medita —st'-p quite original, and then would j iuep» begin wffh fool'* mate after alb He, . at hast, bad never triad queen's knight's pawn a single square before. I eonadned a reply. Tny let it be understood —though I would not have confessed it to St. Seans for the world—that I am so plover. I .am wedded to the game for an boar or two at .night, or peradventore, of aa afternoon at tomes, but I ebail never be admitted to it* inner mysteries— cover' sot if Ioubpea Metbueelih lam not built that way. St. Servao aad I eat twa children who loving the. wa, dabble their feet in the rliallowt left by the tide. ' I have no doubt that there are a dozes repliaa to that opening of hit,but l did notknow one then. I Jud extoe hazy id»a of developing a game cf •usyow.i, whilekeepingan eyeon hit,and for that purpose pet out my head ,to more, the Iiasi ii'■ ia»n taro, wbeo 1 tell my wrist grasped by—welt, liy what felt uncommonly like an invisible hand. I »>.»* to startled that I almost sbenped ray pipe. I draw my hand beck again, and wee’ conscious of tbe alight detaining pressure of uuseeu h agars. Of course it was aaitaeiuation, but it seemed ao resl. aad wee mo —sxpsrfcd, that—well, I rattled my pine mum fcmty htrr'a my lipa-it hadaltebnt fiflsn fifan my month- -and took a whiff or two tsuhin) Bern*. I gjancrltip, cautiously, to *ee if St. Servan noticed;my unusual be haviour, but hia eves were fixed stonily upon the board. After a moment's hesitutioo—it was absurd! —1 stretched out my. hand again. , The hallucination was repeated, and in very tangible form. I was distinctly conscious of mv wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a pi'ccc I had never meant to -touch, and glmost bciore I was aware of it, instead of the move I had meant toinakc, I had mado a servile copy of St. Servan’s opening—I had moved queen's knight 's pawn a single square! To adopt the language" of uio ate jDick Swivcller, that was a etaggeror. own that for an instant I was staggered. could do nothing elso but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke. I was oonsdous that when Si. Servan saw or mere he knit his brows. Then the usual interval for retlec tion came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as I supposed, ho hod-decided ou his move, ha .stretched out his hand, as I had done, and also, as I had done, he drew it back again. I was a little startled—he seemed a little startled, too. There was a momentary pause; back weut his hand again, and, by way .of varying the monotony, ho moved—king's knight's ^tawn a single square. I woudered, and held my peace. There might bo a gambit based ujkhi these lines, or there might not, but since I was quite clear that I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought I would try a little experiment, and put out 'm3* hand, not with tho slightest conception of any particular move in my head, but simply to see what ha ppened. Instantly a grasp fastened on m_y wrist: my hand was guided to—king's kiiiclit's pawn a single square. This was getting, front every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. Tho chessmen ap peared to be possessed of a property of which Bobineau had been unaware. I caught myself wondering if he would have insisted on a higher price if he hsd known of it. Curiosities nowadays do fetch such fancy sums—and what price for aghast They appeared to be auto matic chessmen—automaticm a sense entirely their own. Having mnde my more, or having had some body else's move made for me. which is per haps the more exact way of putting it, I contemplated my antagonist. When ho saw what I hod done, or what somebody else had done—the things are equal—St. Servan frowned. He belongs to the bony variety, the peojde who would not loll in a chair to save their lives—his aspect struck me as being even more poker-like than usual. He meditated his reply an un conscionable length of time, the more uncon- i scionablo since 1 strongly doubted if it would be his reply after all. lint at last ho showed { signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the hoard, hit frown became pronounced, and ho t-’g.vii to raise his hand. I write “ began,” because it was a process which took some time. Cautiously ho brought it up. inch by inch. But no sooner had he brought it over the board than his behaviour became quite singular. He positively glared, and to my eyes seemed to l>o having a struggle with his own right hand. A struggle in which he was worsted, for he leaned back in his seat with a curion.lv discomfited air. He had moved queen's rook’s pawn two squares the automatic principle which im pelled three chessmen seemed to have a par tiality for pawns. It "was my turn for reflection. I pressed tho tobacco down in my pipe, and thought—or tried to think—it out. Was it an hallucination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too I Had I moved those pawns spontaneouslv, actuated by the impulse of my cam free will", or hadn't 1 r And what was the meaning of the little scene I had just observed ? I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one niece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. I have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of my right wrist resemble! iron. I hare not spent so much time in the tennis-court and feoriiig-Toom tor nothing. I hud tried one experiment, I thought I would try another. I made up my mind that I-would move quren'a pawn two—etop me who stop I felt that St. Servan in his tarn was watching me. Preposterously easy though the feat ap peared to his aa I resolved on its pel for manias I was conscious of an unusual degree of' cerebral excitement—a sort of feeling of do or die. Bat as, in spite of the feeling. I didn’t do; it was perhaps as well I didn’t dia. Intending to beep complete control onr my own muscles, 1 raised my right hand, probably to the full as cautiously as* St. Servan had dnic. I approached the queen's paws. I was just shout to seise the piece when that unseen grasp fasten*) on my irrfrt. I poured, with eomeuung of the feeling which induces the wrestler to pease before entering on the veritable tag of war. For ou thing I wm derirous to satisfy myeelf as to ths nature of the grasp whit it was that seemed to grasp me. I It seemed to he a hand. The fingers went; over the back of my wrist, and tho thumb be neath. The fingers were long and thin—it was altogether a slender hand. But it seemed to be a man's hand, and an old man’s hand at that. Tho skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On the little finger there vru a ring, and on tho first joint, there apnsarsd to ba something of the nature of a wait. I should say that it was anything hut a beautiful hand, it was alto St her too attenuated and daw-like, andlwould , ve betted that it was yellow with age. At first the premars wee slight, almost ss slight as tho touch of a baby’s hand, with a gentle inclination to ou side. But as I kept my own band firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, ae it were,a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, andnot a tittle to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist held as in sn iron vyce. Then, as it must have seemed to St, Servan, who. I was aware, was still kaealy watchingme,' I began to straggle with ray own hand. The spectacle might have been tan to him, bat the reality was. at that moment, any thing but ton to ms. -1 was dragged to oae ride. Another hand was fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open—I had tightly flinched my fist to enable me bettor to resist— my wrist was forced down, lay fingers were cloned epon a macs, I was compelled to move it forward, my fingers were un fastened to replace ths piece upon the board. The more completed, ths ussssn grasp iastontly relaxed, xud 1 was free, .ar nnwwl to be free, again to call my hand my own. I had moved queen's rook's pswa two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was anything hut comical to feel. When the thing was done I stored at St. Servan, sod St. Servan stored at me. We stared at each other, I suppose, a good long minute, then I broke thepciuse. “Anvlbiug the tastier ?' 1 inquired. Hs put np kis hand and curled his mooateebe, and, u I may say so, he curled his tin as well; “Do you aotiot anything add about—about the game r" As I tpoka about ths game, I motioned my baud toward my brand-new set of chessmen.. Be looked et me with hard sus picious eyes. •‘.Is it a tritft of varnaf*’ he asked. «|s whata trick of mine P* “ If you da not know, fbss bow should I I drew a whiff at two from my jdpa, looking at hiss keenly all ths time, then signed toward tho board with my hand. “ It’s your move," I said. He merely inclined his bead- There was a momentary pause. When he stretched out his hand he suddenly snatched it beck again, aad half started from his asst with a stated execre “ Bid you feel earthing upca your wrist “ Mob Dieu 1 It is aot whit I feel see that.” He was eyeing his wrist as he spoke. He held it under the glare of the lamp. I bent earns and looked at it. For so old a mss he hod a phenomenally white and deScato skin —under the glare of the lamp the impramions of finger marks were plainly viribte npon his wrist. I whistled as I saw them. It it a trick of yours ?” he asked again. . “ It is certainly no trick of mine.” “ I* there any oae iu the room besides us two?’ I shrugged my shoulders and looked round. He, too, looked round,' with something I thought not quite easy in his gUnoo. *4 Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certainly no.’one who is visible to me.” With nls fair white hand—the left, not the one which had the finger-marks upon tho wrist —Si- Benton smoothed his huge.moustache.” “ Some one or something Ins compelled me —yea, from the first—to move, not as I would, but—bah! I know aot how.” * Exactly the mme thing hat occurred to I laughed. St. Serna glared. Evidently the humour of the thing did not occur to him, be being the sort of man wbo yrould require a mrgical operation to make him see a joke. But the humorous side of the situation struck me “ Perhaps we are favoured by tbs presence of k ghost—perhaps even by tho ghost of M. fciiiohon. Perhaps, after alL be has sot yet llajed hit lost game with hir favourite set. He nay have returned—shall we say from—where! -to try just one more set-to with us! If my tear Sir”—! waved my pipe affably, aa though iddrersisg an unaeee personage—“ it is really rod, I beg yob will reveal younirif—materialise ■, I believe, the expression now in vogue—and bow us the sort of ghost you are I” Somewhat to mv rorprii;, and coariderubly to ■y tausunt, St. Servan roes from his seat hd stood by the table, stiff and straight as a caffoldpolc. . ' "These, Monsieur,Bre subjects on which and oesnot jeet.” ” Do you, then, believe in gbotiaf” 1 knew « wns a. superstitious man—-witness his fidelity > the supentitiou of right divine—but this was ie first inkling I bad bad of bow far kit tuper iitioa carried him. ” Believe!—In ghosts! Iu what, then, do ou believe! T.Mbhrieur, am a religious "Do job-briieTa,xUkes, that m ghost U ramnt with us now- the ghost, formstaney 1 f M. Fooffaioa!*’ ' ■ ■ 1 Sti8revna peered. tW Westered biterelf— i rtaaQy crowed himself before my Oyea. When « 1 spoke there was a prmliar erfaass in fail me. 1 1 “ With your porraission, Monsieur, I will re tire to bod.” Thcrawns an oxaeperatang thing to cay! There must be a large number ot men in tho world who would giro—well, a good round sum,, to tight even on tho trail of a ghost. And here were we in tlie actual presence of something— let us say apparently curious, at any into, and here wns St. .Sertan calmly talking about retiring to bod, without making tho slightest attempt to examine the thing! It was enough to make tho members of the Psychical Research Society turn in their gravee. Tho mere sug gestion fired my blood. “ I do beg. St. Scrvan, that you at least will finish the game.” I 6aw he hesitated, so I drove the nail well home. “ Is it possible that you, a bravo man, having given proofs of courago on countless fields, can turn tail at what is doubt less an hallucination nftcr all ?” “Is it that Monsieur doubts ray courage?’’ I knew tho tone—if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands. “Come. St. Scrvan, sit down and finish tho Another momentary pause. Ho sat down, and—it would not bo correct to write that we finished tho game, but we made another effort to go on. My pipe had gone out, I refilled and lighted it. ” You know, St. Scrvan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghost*. ’ ’ “ It is a subject on which I never talk.” “If something doos compel us to make moves which we do not intend, it is something which is capable of a natural explanation.” “l’orhaps Monsieur will explain it, then?” “ I will! Before I’ve finished! . If you only won’t turn tail and go to bed ! I think it very posable, too, that tho influence, whatever it is, lias gone—it is quite on the cards that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, but before yon do anything just toll me what more you mean to make.’’ “I will move”—he hesitated—“I will move queen’s pown.” Ho put out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, ho moved kiug’s rook's pawn two squares. “ So ! Our friend is still her® then ? I sup pose you did not change your mind ?” There was a very peculiar look about St. Scrvan *s eyes. " I did not change my mind.” I noticed, too. that’his Up* were uncom monly compressed. . “ It is my movo now. I will movo queen’s pawn. We are cot done yet. When I put out my hand you grasp my wrist—and we shall sec what we shall ace.” “ Shall I come round to you 44 No, stretch out across tho table—now 1” I stretched out roy hand; that instant he stretched cut his, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be, another, an unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too. ” There appears to be another hand between yonrs and mine.” “ I know there is.’’ Before I had the words well oat my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, then undated again, and I had moved king’s rook's pawn two squares, St. Servos and I sat staring at each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. “This is very curious! Very curious in deed But before we say anything about it we will try another little experiment, if yoa don't mind. I will oomo over to yoa.” I went orer to him. “ Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands.” I grasped it as firmly os 1 could, as it lay upon his knee. Now'try to more queen’s pawn.” He beg*** to rake his hand, I holding on to his srrist with all mr rtrength. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the table when two tin eeen hands, grasping mine, tote them away as . though my strength were of no account. I saw him give a sort of shudder—he had moved qitem's hsshops's pawn two squares. “ This is a devil of a ghost,” I said. St. Scrvan said nothing; but he crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. ” There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make. ’ ’ St. Serves shook bis head. “Not I!” he mid? 14 Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which l can make without your aid. I simply want to know if there is nothing tangible about our unseen visitor except his It is niv movo.’' I returned to ray side of the table. I again addressed myself, . as it were, to on un- I seen auditor. “ My good ghost, my good M. Fnnichcn—if it is yoa—you are at liberty to do as you desire with my hand.” I held it out.' it instantlv was grasped. With my left hand I made several passes in the air up and down, behind and before, in every direc tion, so far as I oould. It met with no resistance. There seemed to be nothing tangible but those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist—and I had moved queen’s bishop's pawn two squares. St, Servon rose from his seat. 44 It is enough. Indeed, it is toe much. This ribaldry must cease. It had been better had Monsieur permitted me to retire to bed.” “Then you are rare it is a ghost—the ghost of M. Fumchou, we'll say.” “ This time Monsieur must pasta it me to wish him a good night’s rest” He bestowed ou ms, as his manlier was, a stiff inclination of the head, which would have j ted a stranger to suppose that we had met each other for the first tune not tea minutes ago, instead of being the aequaintasoes of twclre good rears. He moved across the room. 44 {ft. Seram, one moment before you go! Tou are surely not going to leave a man alone at the poet of peril,” “It is better that Monsieur should come too." “ Half s second, and I will. I have only one remark to make, and that is to the ghost.” I raw from my seat. St. Seiran made a half-movement toward the door, then changed his mind and remained quite still. *• If there is any other person with uainthe room, may I ask that perean to let us hear hi* voice, or hem ? Just to speak one word.” Not a sound. ” It is passible—I am acquainted with the lawswUcagovem - eh—ghosts—that the faculty of speech is denied to them. If that be so, might I ask for the favour of a sign—for instance, move a piece while my friend and 1 are standing where we are.” Note sign; nctaihimmsn moved. “ Then, M. Fuoiehoa, If Indeed it he you, end you ore incapable of • porch or even of moving a pieoe os your own accord, and are •sly able to spoil our game, I bqg to inform you that you are on exceedingly ZU-msuncred and foohsh pereoB, and had far better have As I said this I was conscious of a current of Midair before my face, as (bough a swiftly moving hand had shaved my cheek. “ By Jove, St, Serves, something has kippemsd at last. 1 believe our friend the ghost has tried to box say can!” St. Seme's reply came quietly stem. ' *ML think it were better that Monsieur came For some reason St. Sanaa's almost oon tssretumn coldness fired my blood. I becarao suddenly enraged. “ I snail do. nothing of the kind! Do'you think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery conjuring truck which would dWraoo a shilling sconce? Driven to bed at this time of day by a ghout! And such n ghost! If it were so me riting like a ghost one wouldn’t mind; but a fool of a ghost like this !” Even as the words pmri my lips I felt tho touch of fingers against my throat. The touch increased my rigs. 1 snatched at than, only to find that there wss nothing there.. ” Dsmztyou!” lazed. “ Fmnichou, yoa old fssl, do yoa think that yoa can frighten me? You see those chessmen; they ere mine, bought and paid for with my money—jou dare to try and prevent me doing* with them*exactly . Again the touch against my throat. It. made toy rage the mare. 44 A* I live. I will smash tbem sul to pieces, sad grind them to powder beoeath myWl.” , - My piesion wss ridiculous—childish even. But than the circumstances were exasperatiug unusually so, one might plead. 1 was stand ing three or four fact from the table. I dashed forward. As I did so, a hand was fastened ou my throat Instantly it wav joined by onothi r. They gripped me tightly. They maddened me. With a madman’s fury I still pressed forward. I might u well have "fought with fate. They clutched me as with bonds of steel, and flung me to the ground. 