Bovcltst. f THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; on, Xndy Chctwynd's Spectre. By Mrs. Harriet Lewis. CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) Bat now tfie door ot the bath-room ? opened suddenly, and n slender, white* robed llguro stolo swiftly into tbe hall, as If pursued, and glided like a beam . of light ?long the hall to the rear intersecting' corridor. It was Bernice] Monk flow after her in his list Blippers as silently as she. She ran fleetly down the long hall and turned aside into the corridor, Monic behiad ? her. They had scarcely passed .beyond the \- great hall whon Lord Ohotwynd- opened tho door of tho bath-room, and came out in wuu puiDiuu £-ut jourmuo buu iauuk were both beyond tho range of his Tfiion. Tho seeming spectre was flylng along the dim corridor toward an unused portion of the . extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another ball,' from wbioh a flight of stairs ascended, -ahd went up the stairs with still rapidity. Monk came swiftly a little way behind her., ;j8he must ?have been conscious of the pursuit)' bi^-Btlll , she did not oast a backward look' ovo'- her — «%»„ shoulder.:, .XJp;,ono: fllghtfclHen*anotbSj',. r *nd Bernice had gained a region of unused attics in tlio moro ancient portion of 'the dwelling. She ran across a dim passage intoa little, baro and empty room, lit up by tho moon light that streamed in at the dormer win dows. She bad run into a trap, and seemed ' . to realise tho fact, for she ran -about the room wildly, and thon retreated to a farther corner, uttering a low, strange cry, and covering her face With her hands.- . ; . ' .' Monk entered tho room, and. closed the door. Bernice, in her moonlit corner, -panted and trembled. Monk pushed the bolt home in its Bocket, and approached her.-' -'Bernice I' he aaid, softly. -The girl Btarted, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with! distended ? eyes. ' Gilbert 1' she ejaculated. ' I— I thouglit it was Boy.' 'No, it is I. I heard from Mrs. Growl that you had strangely disappeared from Mawr Castle, nnd I know you would come hore. 1 arrived myself only to- night,' . 'With Roy? Oh', how be is changed, Gilbertl My poor dnrlingl How grave and Btern hohas grotrn I And how his soul leaped out at mo from his eyes I He is looking for me now. Hark 1 la he coming this way?' ? 'No, Bernice. These rooms have not been used in years. He will not find you.' V; 'I must go to him,' cried the girl, in Iter sweet, impetuous voice. 'Now— now — this mlnuto 1 I knew you were nt the Park, and I wont to your old room, Gilbert, but you were not there. Release me from my oath. I must go to my hUBbnnd.' :: 'Bornico, listen to mo. I have something ; to say to you first— ' ' ;v. 'Not a word. Why, ho's lookinu for mo . now. He thinks mo a ghost. -Release mo from my oath. I must go to him, Is he calling? Lot mo go, Gilbert. In God's , nnmo, lot mo go to my husbnni 1' ' Not yet, Bernice— not until yoti listen .-? to what I have to Bay,' said Monk, firmly. ' OhotWynd thinks you a spectro, ns y6u say. He will go back to his room presently. . There's timo enough j but you must listen to ? me.' 'Then speak quickly. How can I wait} He thinks mo dead — ho wants mo—' 'How do you know that ho wants you I' asked Monk, in crisp, bard tones. Bernlco scarcely seemed to understand,. Monk repented tho question. ' How do I know ? Why, becauso I; want /'-him.- Oh, I lovo him so I I must go to him. Roleaso mo from my oath, Gilbert—' ' Hear mo first. Bernice, I have thought .. . , ? -you tho bravest, the noblest, tho mbst gener . ous' of women, but you are selfialf-'like the' j-cbV You nro not -capable ot: 'sclf^ncrU'. ficB.' ' ', ' Whnt solf-saeriflce?' nsked the gtrl,'in a eharp whisper. \- ' . 'Are you capable of a sublime Selfabne gationt demanded Monk, his black eyes nil aflame. 'Oan you -immolate Self .on the altar of your husband's hnppinoss? .1 have thought thnt there was in' you the stuff of which martyrs nre mndo ; hot, nh lyoti nre ? like all tho rest, regardful only of your own ?petty lovo. And yet there hnve been women : what hnve sacrillced themselves for their husbands — ' -I (' Gilbert, what do .ycu mean 1' cried '???', Bornico, her voice ringing sharply on the air. : ? 'What was your last ac^bcfore 'falling / into the trance in which. you were consigned . to your tomb J' asked Monk, in a stern :? voice. : v Bcrnico seemed about to answer, but paused, deathly white. : r. , 'You remember t Your last act was to clasp the handB of Chetywnd and, Sylvia Monk together-. And wlmt wnB your Inst ® words?' - - i ' \ . No answer enme from tho girl's whitclips. Sho began to understand his drift. ' Tour last words were to beg Chetwynd, y ' ? after a suitably season of mourning, foir yoq, , to marry Sylvia Monk,' declared (ill bert, in 1 his passionless voice. ' Was it not so T' Bernice looked 4t him dumbly, a w»rld of gathering woo in her great vivid «ycs of. , J gloom. ' I 'Voudonotcontradiptmei Yourjut net' bffora your teeming death w*i to riuniw' thoso two who had been so terribly patted. And they woro glnd you gave them back to encli other. After consigning joti to the burial vault, Chctwynd returned home nnd had a privnto interview with Sylvin. in thnt interview nil was mndo straight be tween them. Chetwynd thought it best to spend tho year of his mourning abroad, and ho went. IIo would not cxnoso his future wife to malicious comment. Ho returned to day. This very ovening Chctwynd nnd Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Tour day is past — it is another's now I Your place is filled. You are not wanted here. The revolation that you live will only bring dismay and honor. Bernice, from my soul I pity you I My heart bleods for yon I' Tho girl drooped silently on hor knees in tbo wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. 'There havo been women,' said Monk, after a long 'silence, ' so self-abnegnting that upon such a return to life they would go away in silence, without revealing the blasting secret of their continued life. Are there such women now?' There was a long and torrlblo pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for hor response, but ho bad long to wait. At last, her low and broken voico cut sharply through the stillness, with tho words : V but I am his wife, you know. Wo said, 1 until death dQ us part and I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second marriage, while I live, would bo illegal.' ' Not so. Death annuls all ties. You seemed to die, nnd wcro buried. Yon aro supposed to bo dead— you are dead, in tbo eyes of tho law,' snid the villain, with nn ntr of roluctant sincerity. 'If yon wcro to reappear, it is possible that your marriage: ceremony might havo to be performed ngnin to make you Obetwynd's wife. I repeat, that in tho eyes of tbo law you are dend. Chctwynd's second marriage wonld bo legal and valid.' The girl, brought up in a far island of the sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which nn English sehool-girl is well informed, having implicit reliance upon and fnith in tho man who bod rescued bcr from tho tomb, believed him I ' I will go awny,' she said, in a voice so strango that Monk linrdly recognised it. '' I nm oisad in tho eyes of tho Inw, It will be no crime for them to marry. I heard him call her bis 1 promised wife ;' I saw bim kiss her. They shall be happy. I love him so well that I will dio even for his sake I' 'And you will go back to Mawr Castle!' The trirl nodded dumbly, ' I'll find Flnck. He shall hire a carriage, and drive you to somo station beyond East, bourne. It w;onid not bo well for you to bo seen oven in Eaatbourno. Flack will ac company you bnck to the castle. You hnve done a brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing np Roy, Bornice. I admire you for your sublime self-sacrifice. I will make your future my charge. I will be your brother; will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Wait here, Bornice, whilo I go to find Flack and send him for the car riage. I will return nnd seo you snfely out and on yonr way with him.' Bernice again nodded assent, and he went out, leaving hor alone in the bare, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. He mndo his way down to the edge of the park, and readily found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of tbo trees. Monk communicated the fact of his Buccess, and sent his ally to the little inn at Chot wynd-by-Sea for the required carriage. Having seen bim depart, fully instructed. Monk stole bnck again into tho house. All was itiil now in rooms and corridors. He crept along the dim passages, nnd ascended the stairs to tho.nttics. He entered the little room in which he hnd left Bernice. She was not thorc I He stood as if trans fixed, What had happened 1 Had she been dis covered 1 nad she repented her selfsncri fice J His wild eyes detected tho gleam of paper on tho floor in tho broad shcan of the moon light. He bounded townrd it nnd pickcd it up. It wns a lent from Bernico's note-book, and there was writing on it. Ho struck a fusee, aud read the irregularly scrawled words. They had beon written by Bernice, and were ns follows : ' Gilbert : I lmve given him up. I shall respect my oath not to reveal my identity j but I cannot leave bim yet. One more look at bis dear face— to hear his voice again — to see him sleeping— surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for mc, I may go back to Mawr Castle in timo— not now. My only thought now is that be Ib hereand I must be near him, myself unseen.' That was all. Monk sought for her through all tho hours of thnt night. He listened at Chetwynd's door ; ho wns in nn ngony of unrest nnd foreboding, for bis search wns in Tnin. Ho did not find her I CHAPTER XIV. A REALITY UNDER THE SEEMING, Upon the morning after the double np pearaneo of tho 'spectro' of Lady Chct wynd at Chetwynd Tark, tho family met at the breakfast tablo nt the usunl hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy oyes and pallid face, of having passed a Bleeploss nnd anxious night. Tho young marquia bad been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout tho night as to have quite for* gotten his socond betrothal to Miss Monk. But Sylvia, as may be supposed, had not forgotten It. There was a tenderness in her manner, n soft rcliance upon him, a loving deference, tbnt recalled to Lord Chetwynd tho fact thnt she was h's betrothed wife. Ills face, however, did not brighten at tho remembrance, and tbo haggard look in his bluo cyea oven deepened. He wnsstrncgely silent throughout tho mcnl, although Sylvin and Gilbert Monk, who camo in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Chctwynd's arm with tho nir ot ono having a right to its support, and walked through tho great hall to the winter morning-room. 'Oh, Roy,' alio said, 'how happy I nm I Your wife, nnd mistress of Chctwynd l'ark I Life holds no joys thnt can compare with lliOBe. And, Roy, don't think mo unmaid only if I speak to you regarding our betro thal. As the poor dependent, my life Is i- burden to mc. I think it would be but fair nnd just to mo that our engagement should be proclaimed at onco, My position will then bo made clear, and I shall not feel com pelled to seek other shelter.' Chctwynd winend a littlo. Ho would have preferred not to announce bis engage ment ot marriage so Boon after his return home, but ho reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. 'I knew you would think as I do,' said Sylvin, in a tono of satisfaction, ' I pre sumed upon your consent to ray wishes, and hav-: already communicntcd tho fact uf our engagement to Mrs. Skowcr nnd to Ragee. I shall write a noto to Lady Welby to day, informing ber also, nnd sho will spread the news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to seo me at once. And, Roy, when she asks mo how soon we nre to be married, what shall I say to her J' Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. ' I do not know— 1 bad not thought,' ho said. ' I leave tho date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will bo agreeable to mo.' ' Then let mo say this day two months,' said Miss Monk, vivaciously, ' It Is now March, Wo will be married in May, in the season of early flowers and good weather, Wo will h»re o grand breakfast hero at the Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a ball, to celebrate our marriage. And wo will then go to tbo Continent foe. the summer dividing oa^xtime 'ii^wef mUBa^jrl-Badc'n, ' Bpii witnritti VicbTrm TrouvlHe. I \ . . ?''' / will do you crcdit, Roy. I shall bo gay nnd charming, ntnl i.s sumptuously M Kiigeniu in the height of her glory. Ah, that reminds mo,' nnd slio c!a«i-ed lu-r jewelled hands more tightly on the Marquis's arm, nnd regarded him with nn affectation, of shyness nnd embarrassment, '? I would like to assume my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that n nice, long, suitable word?'nnd she forced n laugh. 'I am already nptnsionerupon your bounty, Roy — ' 'Not so, Sylvin. Do not use nn expression like that. You bavo been a dear sister to me, and hnvo occupied an honored position in my household. You have been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish nlso thnt you hnrc a suitable trousseau,' and he Bighed heavily. ' I will give you n blnnk chequo to-dny, nnd you enn order your jewels, shawls, laces, and tho rest, nt your pleasuro.' Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in iier de light and gratitude. She flung her arms around his neck nnd kissed bim. Ho re turned tho caress in n quiet, dispassionate manner, that nt another time would have angered ber. Sho talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff made his appearance, and 'then she glided away to her own room, triumphantly hnppy. ' Everything is going on splendidly, Ra geo,' she said, entering her dressing- room with n wild waltz, ' Chetwynd consents to tho immediate announcement of our engage ment ; nnd I have nppointcd this dny two months for tho mnrringe. Ho will glvo me a blank cheque to-dny for my trouBSOnu. He cannot retreat now. I am sure to bo Lndy Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of tho ghost for nn hour, and help mo to mnko out my lists for orders nnd shop ping. Wo have time enough to study the mystery afterwards.' Miss Monk Bat down at her desk and 'rote an affectionate noto to her friond, Lndy Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Ohetr(ynd. Her next lotters wero to milliners nnd dressmakers, ordering a magnificent trousseau. Bhc also wrote to various business houseB in London for samples of goods and garments to bo sent to Chetwynd Tark for her inspection, thuB ordering jowela, shawls, raro InecB, and a host of.other feminine adornments. Sho went down to luncheon, meeting tho marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who hnd been invited to remnin. It wns evident thnt the bailiff hnd not boen informed of the new rclntions existing be tween his employer nnd Sylvia. Tho young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred and tho bailiff hastened to olfer his con gratulations. After the repa8t, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to bis own room, and was seen no more until dinner. Tho intervening hours we're actually spent by him in nn ex amination of tho disused portions of tho grand old house, in tho hopo of finding Bernice. Night found him ngain disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a Benio of disappointment, half convinced thnt he had been indeed the via tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late beforo the fire in bis bed chamber, with his oyes fixed with intense expectancy upon tho door of tho bathroom, praying that tho 'illusion' might be repeated. He prayed in vain. The firo burned low on his hearth. The silence of midnight-lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longbd for. And nt last, wearied and hopeless, he flung himself on bis couch nnd dropped into a troubled sleep. IIo had been Blumbering more than nn hour, niid his deepening breathing'founded through tho hushed room, and tho light burned low, nnd the embers were .lying on tho hearth, when the door of the dressing room Boftly opened, and the ' 6pectro ' Btoio into the room. No instinct warned bim thnt Bernico was nenr. The pulses of hie henrt stirred not ns she atolo through the dimness— like a ghost, indeed — to hia side, and bent above bim in an ngony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell lilto snow- flakes softly on his hair, his face, bis hnnds, nnd he felt them not. He bad been much awake on the previous night, and Nnturo wns now taking her recompense. ' My darling I 0, my darling I' wns tho mute cry thnt filled Bernico's henrt. ' Tho now love will ncvor worship you as the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernico did. Oh, it Ib hard to bo thought dead, and yot to live — to know that regret for one is ovor, and that ono is no longer missed. It is hard to see one's place filled — to know that another's enreases aro dearest now, nnothor's voico sweetoBt, nuother's love most prized, I should have died in my trance. Oh, God I why did I not die?' Sho bowed her head, and tenrs dropped like a silent rain upon tho fair golden hair of her young husband, And ho who loved her better thnn his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nesrness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. Bernice kissed his hands softly. She yearned over bim. And yet sho dared not betray to him her presence. Her oath re strained her, A littlo whilo sho lingered, until he stirred uneasily in bis sleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. Sho bad hidden in tbo attics all dny, Sho wns cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the provious dny, Sho stood beforo tho benrth in bcr dressing-room in an attitude of flight, barkening intently, and warming horself, Tbcro was a silver tray on tbo table, with a half bottlo ot wino nnd some biscnits, which had been brought up by tho butler for Lord Chetwynd Into in tho evening, tho butler having observed how little biB lordship hnd entcn nt tnblo sinco his return home. The little nttcntlon to the marquis stood Bernlco in good stond. Bho drank a portion of tho wine nnd ato the biscuits ns sho grew warm and comfort able. But sbo might not linger here. It wns timo to go. She hnd worn n dnrk long clonk of water proof cloth on bcr journey from Wales, nnd it wna hidden in nn upper room now. Sho hnd chosen to Iny it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for n spectre- 'J'lie clonk was not warm enough to prot' ??? her from the chill of tho dnmp of the u„ . cd .rooms which she mndo her haunt, and bIio stole now to ono of tho wardrobes nnd pulled out n lower drawer in which sho hnd kept her shnwlp. The shawls were there now ns sho had left them, IJer dresses hung iu tho press, nnd were folded on tho shelves, just as Filine had arranged them. She took out an Indian caBhmere shav.'l which Chetwynd had bought for her iu London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then Bho closed tho drawer and crept to tbo door and listened. Not a sound wua to bo beard without. Sho opened tho door and crept out into tho ball, stealing along in the dimnesa like a swift shadow. She crossed tbo wide linll to ptnee herself nt greater distance from Chet wynd's rooms, and so unconsoiously passed closo to tho doora of tbo suit occupied by M;es Monk. Sho passed tho dre;sing-room nnd bed chamber of her East Indian rival, hor heart beating, it seemed to her, like a drum. As sho came abreast tbo door of Mies Monk's bath- room, which bad beon njar all tbo evening, it silently opened, and tho witch liko figure of old Ragee creptout like a flash. Bcrnico caught a glimpso only of the duBky East Indian faco, which rambled a faco cut from a walnut mora than anything else, a red turban, a pair of outstretched arms, vand the gleam of sinister oyes, and then Bhe 'i}ow beforo.shjr-strango pursuer without a1 wonjof ontorjr,'-* The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching her shawl. Ilcrnicc lrt'-[-iRd her hold upon it nnd flitted awny without it, liko the white spectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, but tl.o old woman did not pursue her. Ragee clutchcd tho shawl tightly in bcr arms nnd hurried back into the bath-room. No ono hnd been nrouscd. She went into Miss Monk's bed-chnmbcr. Sylvia was Bitting up in bed anxious nnd expcctnnt. ''Well?' said the young lady, impatiently. ' You hnvo watched all tho ovening, Ragee, depriving mo of my alccp, and what good have you gained by it?' 'Thiai' cried old Ragee, dashing tho shawl down upon tho bed. ' Do you know that ehnwl? I hnve just seen tho spectre I It enme out of the Into Lady Chetwynd'a dressing-room. It was dressed in white, only it woro this .shawl to protect itfrom the cold. It crossed^ Kho hall. When it came alongside the bath-room I darted out and grasped tho shawl, dragging it from its Bbouldcrs. Tho spectre was flesh and blood I the shawl proveB that. I saw its face j it was white with terror j it was changed and beautiful; but it was tho faco of Lady Chetwynd I — tho foco of tho living mar chioncES I It is asl havo believed. Gilbert Monk overheard ourschcming, and outwitted us. The girl is alive, I tell you I Why she docs not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has but to speak to send you and mc to prison. Our safety liea in prompt action. That pretended death must be mado a reality I' CHAPTER XV. THE NEW CELEBKITr. Wo hnvo now to relato tho experiences of Mr. Tempest, the great explorer of China and Tartary, who had been tlio (ravelling companion of Lord Chctwynd upon tbo re turn to England from Genoa. Sir. Tempest was devoted to aciencc, and biB explorations and discoveries bad mado a great sensation in the scientific world. He hnd sent bookB homo to bo published under the auspices of the Royal Geographical So ciety, and hi8 name had becomo in England a household wcrd. Upon the morning nfter the departure of Lord Chctwynd for Susbcx — the morning after Mr. Tempest bad read in tho news paper of tlist disaster at sea in which Mr. and Mrs, Gwellnn had periEhed— tbo great explorer exhumed hiB manuscripts, diaries, and reportB from hia portmanteau, and mado hia way to tho headquarters of the Royal Geographical Society. He found himself received with flnttering nttentiona. Members thronged nround him to shako bands with him. Before ho left the Society rooms ho had received a dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. TcmpcBt would havo declined thom all. His heart wna sore with tho recent wound Inflicted by tbo notice of 'Bernico Gwcllnn'a' death. He wanted to return quietly whence be had come, but so mnny 'J?cllowa' of tho R.G.S. combined to combat hia rcsolvca that he consented to remain a month in England at the least, and accepted an', invitation to dine with a learned K.R.G.S. — ono Sir Harry Fortescuo — that very day, and an invitation for tbo morrow with a party of scientific gentle men. ' Yon look harassed, Tempest,' snid Sir Harry Fortescuo, as at last he walked out of the society rooms arm in arm with the great explorer, on their way to tho baronet's club, into which Tempest had bsen per suaded to 'drop' for an hour. 'You think we fhall run you to death, but when tbo lad'es— tho- most indefatigable lion hunters in thtj world — come upon you, you will have to surrender at discretion. Have you ever beon much in English society, my dear sir ?' ' Not of Into years,' replied Mr. Tempest. 'I don't like society, Sir Harry. My fifteen years, more or lees, in Tartary, have not fitted mo to graco a lady'a boudoir. I Bhould liko to ,nsk after a few whom I re member. As yet I have made no inquirica. Whore ia young Lord Grafton nowa days ?' ' Dead. Ho died ton yenrs since.' ' Indeed I' E.vd the explorer. ' Can you tell mo anything of tho Right Honorable Mrs. William M dynoux, a groat beauty and bello a dozen yer.rsago ?'' IIo naked the question with seeming oarclcEBnrss and indifference, bis face averted. Ho might hnve inquired, judging from his tone, after some chanco acquaintance ot former times. But hiB face bad grown sud denly pale, his forehead wns dewed with sweat, and his mouth quivered under bis beard. He awaited tho bayonet's answer in a breathless auspcise, 'I remember Mrs. Molyneux,' said Sir Harry. 'Who does not i Sho was, as you say, a great beauty. She had some trouble with hor husband, I believe. I never under stood what tbo trouble was, but he deserted ber. She went t-- one of tbe German baths fcr her health. She never recovered from the blow of ber husband's desertion. She camo homo a wrcuk of hor former self, aud buried herself somewhere in the country. Sbo lost hcrjonly child in its infancy, I have beard, and had few ties to bind her to life. Iler's was a lad story, Sho died seven years ago—' ' Died ? \ ' Yes— of consumption, I think. Iier death was in rU tlio papers. Did you know her well?' | Mr. Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did ho show his faco to hia companion, who would havo been startled at its singular pallor, and at tho strange expression of emotion that convulsed It. ' I met her often in Bociety,' the ex plorer said at last, as the silcnce grew marked and opprcssivo. ' Hero we are at my club, Mr. Tempest,' said Sir Harry. ' I am anxious to intro duco you to my friends. Perhaps you may really find soma of your old acquaintances nmong thera.'f ? Tempest hesitated. His bouI was pro* foundly stirred . by tho news ho had ' just heard. He would have given much to be nble to creep nwny to seme friendly solitudo just then, but he conquered bis long ing, nnd with nn cxoiciso of his nlmost superhuman self-control calmed hiB features and resumed his ordinnry manner. Ho nccompanied Sir Harry into tho club ; men of note nnd rnnk wero introduced to him, nnd bo found hia nnmo and trnvelB alike well known to Sir Hnrry's friends. Ho met no old acquaintances. Ho dined that ovening with Sir Harry Fortescuo, aB be had promised. His heart was in mourning for Dernico, whom ho be lieved to bo dead, and also in mourning and torn by tbo pangs of self-reproach because of that Mrs. Molyneux whoso Btory had been so sad, and who had died so young. 'And yet what hnvo I to reproaoh my self for?' ho asled himself, with an cry defiance. 'I tlid Irifjhtly. And poor Mar guerite ia dead 1 ' Died seven years ago.' It is aa woll.' A lnrgo pnrty bad been arranged to succeed tbo dinner. The ladies drove home to dress for tlio inrgcr cvoning entertain ment, Lady Fortescue retired. to hor private rooms, and Mr. Tempest adjourned -with biB boat nnd a few kiudred souls to tho library, to apend the houra intervening between the two entertainments in congenial conver sation. Aa the hour gro^ litto the drawlng-rooma began to fill with gaily-dressed peoplo, and tbo boat returned with his friends to the scene of brightness and splendor. Sir Harry, as iu duty bound, placed himself in close attendance upon Xady Fortes cue, assisting bcr' in the reception of ber guests. Tempest was, as at tho dinner, over* 'whelmed with attentions, ywhlpji hQ ,coiu tiou«dto KceiTOBQtJeifly and Co'«Ir.rHii, j ' „-;.i ? ? . r wit gleamed like a pn'.ishcd tword blade, cutting now and then to the bont. He was cynical. co-M, haughty, reserved, nnd sttangcly enough, he was a social success. Lady '' trseuc made a tour of htr grand rooms ' n his nrm, introducing him to variou: ;..iics with n pretty nir of pro prieto'.- ,ip, ns if meaning to assert that the new lion wns her own tspecial pro perty. ' Do you know, Mr. Tempest,' said her lndyship, smiling, 'that I am piqued ntyour cynicism nnd hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shall bow bia bnugbty head to the yoke of an Englishwoman? No? You did not sus pect my designs? Well, I have given you fair warning.' ' And who may this conquering Englihb womnnbe ?' ' She ia Lady Diana Northwick. You see ber by the window, surrounded by her adorers. She is an Iceberg — a human ice berg—a coquettc. But is she not beautiful 1 She is engaged to marry Lord Tentamour, who now stnndB at her side, holding hor bouquet. What do you think of her?' Tempest glnnced in the direction indicated to him, and beheld at a distant window, surrounded by a charmed circle of gentle men, a woman rnrcly benutiful — so beautiful tbnt one having once seen her face could never forget it. She was tall, regal, nnd statuesque, ivitb n noble nnd qaeenly carringo of her stntcly figure. Her pure Greek faco was superb in ita royal haughtiness. Tho red lips were curled in a smile that was strangely fascinat ing nnd winning. She was n blonde of the purest type, with a complexion like the fairest pearl. Her hair wa.i of a pale golden tint, yellow, without n glint of red in its luxuriant masses. It w.-.s arranged in creprp, nnd pelfs, and rolls, nnd curls, after the fashion of the day, but its fanciful disorder could not conceal the shape of her small, noble head, which was pni3-;d proudly upon her slender neck. She looked an cmprc-ss, in her robe of pale bluo velvet, with trim mings of point lne3, and ornaments of diamonds. '?She is very benutiful,' said Tempest, slowly. ' I enn imagine a man falling in lovo with her, but you say she is a coquette? There ia n disdain in her haughty glance, na Bhe lookB around her at this moment. Is that a revelation of her inner nature ? Ia Bhe really above all these coquetries?' 'Tho question shows that she has already cast her glamour over you,' said Lady For tcBcue, bnnteringly. 'That is always tho way. It ia fortunate that you havo no tie to bind you to another. Think if you should fall in lovo with Lady Di while you were the husband of soriSe other woman? Such a thing would not be unknown here in London. Ah, I fancy you wince, Mr. Tem pest. Can it be that there is a Mrs. Tem pest in tho background all tho while Lndv Fortesque inquired, Bmilingly. 'No; I Bhould say that could not be,' said tho explorer, calmly. ' All the ties that once fettered me are broken. But I am no silly moth to flutter nround the flame of Lndy Di's beauty. 1 candidly think thnt Bho ia one of tho most beautiful women I bnve ever Been — perhaps the most benutiful ; but hcr's is the beauty of tho glorious marble atatue, not the beauty of a tender woman. Do men call ber heartless ?' ' Yes, and rave nbout her, nnd go mnd about her beauty. She enjoys her power, nnd thnt is why Bhe has held her lover, Lord Tentamour, so long nt nrms' length. They will be married soon, 1 hear.' 'Who is Lady Nor'.hwiek?' nsked Tom peBt. 11 She is tho widow of Sir Basil North wick, a rich bnronot, who was sufSciently accommodating to die and leave her nil his wcnltb. She must bo nearly thirty years old. Did you not tell mc that you do not care for wemen ? Yet see how long we have been talking about the most brilliant co quette in London. Having excited your curiosity in regard to her, permit mo to in troduce you to her.' ' Tbnnks,' snid Tempest, bowing nssent. ' I dnro Bay you nre tired of me, Lady Fortescuo, and are willing to be rid of mc.' They advanced towards the reigning belle, who welcomed tho lion of tho evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Foitescue presented the great explorer, and then moved away. At tho distance of a fow paces Bhe paused to speak to a guest, and her glances reverted to Lady Diana and Tempest. The Tartar traveller was already deep in conversation with tbe polished coqnette. 'Lady Di. is sure to add Mr. Tempest to her list of lovers,' thought Mrs. Fortescuo, with a thrill of dismay. _ ' He does not understand n woman's wiles. She would like to win tbo homage of tho new celebrity. I fancy bo is n widower. There was a atrango expression in his cyeB when I Bpoke of a possible Mrs. Tempest. I could fanoy him newly bereaved when 1 remember that look. I am persuaded that something start ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady Di and Tempest. Ho will fall in love with her and ho will not go back to Tar tary next month. But what will bo the end?' With another glance at the pair, Lady Fortesquo disappeared.— (To be Continued) 