A FREE MARIEIET The literal meaning of the Word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is a " free market." In other words, a " fair".nmeansa nmrhet at whichall and every may ourchase or not without obeina subje-ted to fee or tax, and also.where all and every can sell with out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the soeda and industrial life of the people; but, since the establlslhment of railways, and the quicker ino communieation Which lhas resulted, these fairs have pretty. welldied out, amatterperhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. Hero in Australia fairs are unknown. ' indeed verylittle of the old ,fashioned methods obtain in these fastgo-a-headcolonies. Life is not so slow and lethargc .as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and -force to whlch, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, howeiver, is a necessity, following upon our fr4er and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last .half century. Life, too. though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is:still too short for slow or coumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. Thes, however, is not a matter To marvel. If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and' therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people,by theway, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: " Let scIence, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us bhack our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantio Fair, and to use a graphic, . though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "It is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops darme tihe day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind itf he forbear from a sieh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one Impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fatr. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temperand more contented spirit than haI hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. ed. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of im-ortinnce and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiitlessslovenly bachelor dasys, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropi aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. For and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an m creased popular contentment. There is another lessontoleara fromthese faire,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or compvlicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment Is governed, are evenas the laws of the Modes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experienee- and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busl ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The gnar ahow rooms, ll'd with tbs costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghoebstof drpartrlbeles sassetble herso'Vnights and, amidst dainty silsa and yvljete, and laces, and other i besthlering msateres, taste againn some ss ht fliaou of the delghts whieh bonee moed them . theo flesbh. We do not believ 'in ~'ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shalkespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards tlUt ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these adenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibhon's Fair; and if they, havin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld a new revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blasn and played out. For such people there is but one resouico-mpatenta-medicines.-rADVT.1 