A. Frantic Anti-Insperialist. A COIONIAL CHIEF JUSTICE ON IMPERTAL FEDERATION. SYDNEY, Monday. In a letter to the Sydney Daily Telegraph, occupying three and a-half columns, Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Jus tice of'Qieblasland, gives his views on the ImpbrialYiaderation question, and expresses a~i~tttng opinion that any change in the direction ofa close politi cal unioji ip lngland would be mis chievous, atd jiuld lead to a prema ture, violent. a'ln unfriendly s'riration and muohr:'i '. Referring to the poverty ' :te: mother country, Sir Charles. ejitei --"Ardent supporters of Imperial Federation need never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. Those who hold the wealth of nations must bear its burden. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of its paupers.". Referring to the pro meters of tlie" Imperial Federation scheme, Lords Rosebery and Carnarvon, and Cardinal Manning, the Chief Jus tice says :-"Instead of directing their ability; energy, and knowledge of af fairs to the work of humanity and statesmanship which lies before them at their doors, these gentlemen started in pursuit of Imperial Federation,.a phantom, with less substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost. What Australians desire, and will maintain, is the right to develop their iatioial life as they will, unfettered by restric tion from abroad or any external authority. The hope of Englishlnicriis that Australia will help them to coerce India to hold' her in subjection." - : The Chief Justice adds that we may now reasonably apprehend that the first armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at the cost" of the. wretchedly-impoverished, tax-ridden people of India. Whilst Australasia should wisely let the pre sent friendly connections with England exist until they-are ready to meet any foe by land or water, thdy must pre pare themselves for any contingency. Continuing, he writes: " Let our motto be, then, Independence, peacefully achieved, if possible, but Independ ence." -The letter has created much discussion in all circles. 