A BORN COQUETTE.: ; BY MRS. HUNGERFORD.- , s . Author of " Molly B awn, " "Phyllis, " 'Ladt ' Branksmerb," " The Duchess," Ac. " All Rights Reserved. Chapter XXXIX. Woll, yes, of course it must be so, No argument can shake it : If one will offor up a heart. The other need but take it. " Good gmoious ! Can I not ovon lmvc one hour horo to myself !" says Nan petulantly, hardly beneath her breath, as her husband enters the room, mere is somctmng ot nervousness 111 his mannor as ho advances towards Penelope, but no hesitation. "Well, Penelope," says he, smiling and taking the hand sho has extended to hire. He holds it for a moment, ami then - stooping kisses her. Somehow at this, aud at an expression iu his faco that puzzles but grieves her, tho tears rise to Ponelopo's eyes. Instinctively and without licr knowledge her fingers tighten upon his. A monster, with that gentle smile ! Oh, no ! " I am glad to soo you," says sho shyly, awk wardly, confusedly ; yot his look of gratitude is unmistakable. He turns to Gladys aftor this and kisses licr too, to that damsel's considerable astonishment. She had been prepared to meet him with scorn, and Io, and behold, the scoru has ended in an embrace. " What a complica tion," said she later on to Penelope. " To hate a mau properly ono can't possibly lot oneself kiss him. Aud, now " She was born with a knowledge of human nature. "Nan's looking well, isn't- she?" says Hume with a half glance at his wife, who lefuscs to "Oh, so well," says Gladys cordially, who is uot so unnerved as Penclopo. " Thoy have given me n slight outline of what they expected," says Nan with a chill smile, scut in her husband's direction, though hardly at him. " A ghost the children told mo thoy woro prepared to see. Hardly complimentary to you, was it?" " Oh, Nan," says Penelope, in a reproachful undertone. " Well, you know, we thought she would pro bably havo grown thinner ; travelling about is always so wearing, especially to a person un- uconstomed to it," says Gladys, with an nploinb that positively startles Penelope. "Anyhow, we were wrong. It is you who have grown thin, not Nan." "A compliment," says he, smiling, " I shall go travelling every year, if that is to be the result. I wns becoming too stout. " "A pity you can't marry afresh every year," says Nan, with a cruel littlo laugh. "If by so doing you could let tho brides go free what a chanco it would bo for tliom. Penny, where is Murphy ? I want to see him too. Oh 1 how I wish the boys had uot been sent up for their exams-, this ono special day." "It couldn't bo helped," says Penelope. " William has only gono to Skibborcen, and will bo baek to-morrow, but Bartlo is in Dub lin." "So is Boyle. Ho is stationed there," says Gladys, thoughtlessly. A vivid crimson rushes to Nan's cheek. Hume, after a second's knowledge of it, turns his atten tion onco moro to Penelope. " How is your father ? ' asks lie, politely. " Quito well, thank you. By and by, Nan, yon will como up to see him ?" " Is — is lie in a good temper with me ?" asks Nan, blanching a littlo. Hor marriage, her freedom through it, nil is forgotten ; once again the old terror of tho unfriendly father voigus supreme. "The best," says Gladys, laughing. "He baa got rid of you; could he desire more?' After a decent hesitation, they all laugh with her. 44 I thought, perhaps, you would come home Slow," says Hume, looking at his wife; "you eay you dislike going about alone, so — " " Oil, no. I'm not going back to the castle ill such a hurry," says Nan, opeuly refusing to acknowledge tho word "Home." "I shall stay hero for ever so long. Why, I have only just recovered them, as it were. I shan't go back to Hume until I must." There is nothing actually rude either in her words or tone, but there is decidedly something unpleasant about them. "Onecan understand that," says Hume, with perfect breeding. "Why sever yourself from your sisters at all ? I daresay you might induce them to come back to dinner with you." "Oh, thanks — not to-night, I think," says Penelope, nervously, 44 But indeed you must. It is the very thing," cries Nan, eagerly. "Not a word against it. You shall both come and help me to get through this terribly long evening." This delightful speech so shocks Penelope that she thinks a little, and glances involuntarily at Hume. If she expected to see him either chagrined or angered she finds herself mistaken. His faco is absolutely impassive. "You see, you must come," says he calmly. "Wo have your promise? Thanks. It will be such a plcasuro to us both. Until then — Good wye. As he shakes hands with the children— who bavo been gazing at him furtively — he stoops suddenly, as if some thought strikes him, and taking up Hcnjy in his arms, kisses him. The boy's bonny handsome faco may have compelled him to this caress, or some other hidden longing. However it is, he carries the child with him, and only lets him go as he reaches the hall door. 4 Now wo can talk comfortably," says Mrs. . Hume, sitting down by the fireside and pulling Nolly on to her lap. It is horrible, it is treacherous, but both Gladys and Penelope feel that they cannot re spond to her remark with a warmth that has any honesty in it. Are they already going over to the enemy? Has a plausible word or two, a somewhat worn face, a brotherly kiss, sufficed to turn them from their allegiance? And yet, is it possible to regard the man who has just gone out ns an enemy ? Surely, 6urcly there must be ft mistake somewhere. "Now for a good gossip," says Nan gaily. 4 Where's Freddy? Here, or persecuting the Innocent at the Irish bar?" "He's in Dublin," says Gladys, after a per ceptible pause. Penelope, who has been trifling with one of tho children's new toys, drops it rather awkwardly. "Anything wrong about him?" asks Nan after ft glance at Penelope's face. "N— o. But he hasn't been quite friendly hero lately," says Gladys abruptly, and as if sayiug something that has to be got over. 44 Pen —we— thought his manner rather strange just before he left; and just fancy — ho actually went away without coming to say good-bye to us." "But why? What happened? Penelope, you know," says Nan. 44 1 don't indeed. Why on earth should I know more than Gladys?" says Penelope with a little laugh. She has quito recovered any self posses sion she may have lost. "People are always fancying things ; or he may have been told some absurd lie about us— and chose to believe it" 14 Not in the least like him," says Nan. "No, there must be something else." 44 Well, if there is, time I daresay will reveal It; meanwhile, let us discuss a gayer subject." 44 He used to be' such a chum of your," says Nan, reflectively, regaiding her with searching eyes. 44 Dear me, what an old friend lie seems. Why, we have known him for more years than I can couut." 4 4 So many that he has had time to weigh us ntid find us wanting," says I'enelope, carelessly. 44 Plenty of time to get tired of us. I hear lie Is doing very well at the bar. Julia was in town last week, and says he is being very highly spoken of." 44 She says he is considered one of the most eloquent meu in tho profession. Juat think of Freddy as an orator. He never struck inc as being silver tongued." "Ho 'never struck me as being thoroughly worthless," says Nan, coldly. "To give you all up like that. Oh, I don't believe it. There must be something ; Freddy was as good as a brother in this house." 44 He's been very kind to Bartle in many ways smco he went up to Dublin," says Penelope in a low tone." "Well, if Pen has lost one friend she has gained another," says Gladys, breaking into an irrepressible laugh. 44 When Boyle heard of your marriage he went out of his mind first, and then determined to try conclusions with Pcu. He has haunted her ever since, and would be even now sittingin her pocket, butthat a kindly Interposition of Providence sent him back to his regiment. He's in Dublin, too." "Yes, you told me. It seems to me that everybody is there," says Nan, laughiug. 44 Well Pen, I always thought it would be Buicido, it is a relief to find it Is only you." 41 He's not her only suitor, however, goes on Gladys, cackling gaily. "Sho'agotanother. A regular sweetheart this time." "No? Another! Really you know, Penny, this is ( more than ono has bargained for. 44 Guess." 4 J ack Leslie. As she has already impounded one of my 4 followers,' why not two?" 44 Pouf ! Jack Leslie indeed ! A real live lord rather. Cashclmore if you please! Nothing less than an Earl would coutent her. Hero he comes, day after day, to ." "Don't mind her, Nan ! If ho comc3 to see anyone it is herself. It would make you cry to see him watching the door until sho enters. Anything more scandalously rude than his treat ment of me could hardly bo imagined. 4 Yes, Miss Dclaney ? Ah — or — No ! I mean ; I beg pardon ; what were you saying ?' Then in comes Gladys, and my pale student brightens into life." 44 Brightens ! Brightens! "What a word to use," cries Gladys. 44 Ridiculous fellow, it would take ft ton of Aspinall's best varnish to inako him &hiue; in society. You should see him. Look, hero ho comes in, and there ho scats himself, just like this," Baiting tho action to the word, "staring into his hat as if he wanted to fix on his mind tho namo of the maker. And not a word out of him all the time. I believe he is compiling notes for some stupendous work on St. Patrick's Grand Aunt all tho time he is here." 44 He'd hardly chooso the nest of a magpie in Which to sit and think," says Nan, laugluug. 44 Well, hero he comes, nevertheless," says Penelope. 44 Motive, or motives unknown. We have tried saying 4 not at homo ' to him, but it is of no use. He tells Murphy he will sit in the garden until we return, and it doesn't make one feel well to have to descend from one's bedroom In half an hour trying to look as if one had just returned from Paris. I believe Murphy favors hirn and gives him a hint to remain. He's a ter rible young man certainly, and of no valuo at 11\. Th ere ho sits in that particular chair," pointing to it, 44 and beyond wearing it out I don't see what else ho does." 44 Ho will never wear out his tongue, at nil vents," says Gladys, flippantly. " He needn't if you ate to be Ilia wife," says Nan. Then, as if struck with the absurdity of her words, she bursts out laughing. Fancy Gladys a wife ! " says she. " Well, why not ? " demands that lovely dam sel saucily, 44 I'd make as good a one as you, any day." Scarcely has she said it than consternation seizes her. Nan reddens, coloriug slowly, pain fully, and Penelope looks unutterable reproach at the culprit. 44 It is different," says Nan, at last, rubbing her forehead softly against Nolly's fluffy locks. " I didn't want to be a wife." 44 Neither doT," cries Gladys. "There! wc are in the same box. " 44 And yet Cashclmore would be a good match," says Nan. 44 What ! for a baby like that?" says Pene lope, pointing the finger of scorn at Gladys. 41 There is no such thing as a baby of 16 now- a-days," says Nan, 44 Well, I like to hear you," cries Gladys, in dignantly. 44 AU at once then, I am to be suddenly grown up, yesterday I was a child, to day — because a lord (as you vainly imagine) comes a-courting— I am to bo a woman grown, full ono and twenty. It won't do, however, Rather than marry him," with a little grimace, ." I'll stay a child for over. Oh, Penny, think of it ! That great, tall, solomn creature, whose sole thought isof 4 roots,' and 'origins,' and 4 first causes.' OIi.no, I thank you." 44 It is too soon to say 4No, thank you,' "says Nan, teazingly, 44 Wait till ho asks you." n a an nonsense," says I'enciope. l non t believe he has a thought of her. Ho only comes here because he is so bored at home. In the spring he is goiug abroad, and then wo shall be happily delivered from him. I often wonder why he doesn't try some other house as a place of escape from the old dowager, because hero he gets only monosyllables out of me, and from Gladys the sauciest flouts. She makes game of him to his face, and he positively seems to like it." 44 Ho doesn't sec it perhaps," says Nan. 44 Yes, he does. Tho more solemu ho looks tho witder grow her sallies. Ho seems quite content to sit and listen and stare at her." 44 Those roots will do him no permanent in jury I expect," says Nan. Then, with a touch of prido in her tone, and a lengthened gaze at Gladys, 44 After all, she is well worth a stare." And in truth she is, with her laughing eyes, and red red lips, and brown hair warm with gold. 14 So you see I have turned tho tables on you," says Peuclopo to Gladys. 44 1 have proved him your Bweethoart, not mine." 44 You are a mendacious person," returns Gladys, making her a little moue. 44 Sweetheart ! what a lovely old name that is says Nan ; and then, as if overwhelmed by somo sudden dismal thought, 44 Oh ! And I'm out of it all," cries she. 44 1 can never have a sweetheart again. Just think of all the harm that man has done me." 44 Never mind, darling, thereare other things," says Gladys consolingly. 44 And — perhaps— in timo, you may grow to like him, "Rays Penelope, timidly. 44 Him ! Never? I shall take very good care I don't," declares Mrs. Hume indignantly. 44 There go away and put on your things, and don't talk nonsense. The idea of my over liking him !" Feeling rather snubbed, the girls go upstairs to dress themselves to go with licr to the castle, whilst Nan pays a duty visit to her father. 44 Penelope ! says Gladys, solemnly, as she closes the door behind her, 44 She is not at all what I expected." 44 No! Is it?" in a still more tragic whisper 44 1 don't know whether it is worse or better! Gladys, do yon think he is quite all— that — eh ? Can sho have made a mistake ! He looked like a person misunderstood." 44 Storms aro dreadful things. He may have been obliged to elope with her against his will." 44 Yes. That is what I have been thinking. I thought, slowly, 44 It was so nice the way he kissed us !" 44 1 felt inclined to cry. I never saw anyone so changed — so sad." 41 1 don't care whether it is unkind towards Nanjjor not," bays PenelOpfl dciper&teiy;, "I'm sorry for him. I am indeed." "Andshe looksso well, so— so happy. In quito good spirits. Aud lie evidently lavishes pretty things on her." 44 Yet how she speaks of him, and looks at him !" 44 There is one thing however," said Gladys, thankfully, 44 She dosen'tcall him 4 Mr. Hume.' That wouldhavebeonsounpleasant. Sho doesn't call him anything." 44 Yes, she does !" corrects Penelope, mourn fully. 44 She calls him, 'Beast !'" 44 Oh yes. Did you remark that!" says Gladys. "Well come on ; wo must ouly hope matters will clear up." Down in the ball they find Nan awaiting them. 44 He had a toothache, he could not talk much. It was a great chance for mo," says she, alluding to her father. "Ho got out the usual 'Telia — Tcha,' and a few words that sounded like women, Idiots, husbands, after which I said I'd send him a cure for Ids old tooth, and fell precipitately— right into the hands of Murphy, Isn't he looking well, dear old heart?" ""Who? Father?" 41 Oh! get out," says Mrs. Hume, who has fallen back into the homely colloquial atyle. 44 Murphy, of course. I declare that I was so glad to see him that I threw my arms around his neck and fairly hugged him, much to his coiiHtomntion. Ho wa9 painfully embar rassed." Gladys gives way to a little 6hriek of laughter. 44 Consider Murphy as ho found himself en- folded in the embrace of Mrs. Hume, of Hume. We ate quite worn out from Murphy's pride in your marriage." 44 That was tho ono sting in my joy at seeing him," says Nan, with a shrug. "It was 4ina'ain' — 4 Mrs. Humo,' at every other word. Detest able name ? Come on, come on, we shull bo late." Sho moves briskly to thedoor, the girls following. "Bless mo, what a smart brougham,", said Gladys, when tlicy are trotting gaily up tho avenue. "After nil," examining witii apprecia tion tho cushions and lining, &c.;, "there's nothing like comfort. Do you know," with a perfectly shameless materialism, considering the seraphic qualities of licr delicate face, 44 the being in love with a person isn't much when you como to think of It. The thing is to be in the swim with the best of them. To have nice things round one— to be able to wear velvet instead of velveteen !" "Shellmarry Cmdielmoreyet," saya Nan, with a glance of intense amusement. "Iudeed, I. shall not," says Glady vivaciously. "Not for all the velvet in tho world !" at which her sisters laugh. 44 You have a thousand minds," eaya Penelope; 44 you can change them at any moment. Happy you." Does a faint, fault sigh escape her ? "Nan, I don't think Mr. Hume had this small brougham when— before— when last he was here." 44 No," carelessly. 44 1 hato being entombed, and that landau is a sort of moving vault. I told him so, and 1 e got m: thU in London." 44 Ho iH vciy good-natured," says Gladys, rather forcibly. " Yes ; I daresay," indifferently. 44 That re minds rao he has bought you both tho very sweetest necklots. "We saw them at Florence-; and he at once said they looked like yon, Penny. Do you know, tho moment ho said it I thought so too ? You are fair, and that light, thin gold, with its innumerable chains, is so becoming to a really white neck ; though I hardly think they arc so pretty as the pearls he got yon in Paris. He got me some too ; I like them better than anything I have, they go so well with the white Indian silk he made me buy in London." . 44 It seems to ine he has given you every thing. Can't you give him something?" says Gladys, impulsively. Chapter XL. Who knows what word is best to say ? For last year's leaves lie dead anil red On this sweet day, in this green May, Anil barren corn makes bitter bread, What shall be said ? White trees, white lawns, white gardens, and a soft snow always falling. Hume with its turrets, and buttresses, and battlements, lies hidden iu a glistening shroud. Christmas is close at hand. Two months havegonc by to-day since Nan's wedding took place — two full months, that have considerably exercised the minds of her sisters. What can Nan mean ? Is the woman born— to say nothing of the man — who could understand her ? Is she dead to all generous feeling? Has tuuc lateiui marriage wancu wiuim her heart hitborto slumbering forces, of frivolity — captiousness, tempers innumerable and unuameable? Her manner to her husband, or rather her maimers— for they are legion — are each in themselves a study. To-day treacherously civil, to-morrow an iciclo. Fitful, capricious, merry. Now cold, now absolutely repellent, now gay to the very vergo of friendliness. It is impossible, indeed, to know where to have her; so strong is her personality that she sways those in contact with her according to her moods — all save Hume. His behavior to her. seldom varies from the calm, courteous lines he has laid down for himself. Her rapid changes of manner he has taught himself to respect and withstand, and if his heart beats high with hope when, as sometimes happens, she treats him with an almost boyish eamar- aJcric , he betrays that a9 little as the dis appointment that follows it, when within the hour he is cruelly wounded by a contempt that speaks of a wrong perversely believed in — false, though it be.' This cherished, and absorbing sense of wrong, clung to so obstinately, creates within her at times a dislike that often borders upon hatred. The first meeting between her and Boyle Ffrencb had occurred about a week after her return to the castle, Hume coming into the library, whore she was sitting, writing letters, had said to her somewhat abruptly. 44 1 met Ffrench down in the village this morn ing, and asked him to dinner." 44 Boyle !" springing impulsively to liorfeet. "Oh, why did you do that?" 44 "Why should I not," coldly, greatly angered by the crimson flush that has risen to her brow. 44 Come," laying a hand upon her shoulder and deliberately turning her to where tho dull autumn light can fall more clearly on her face, "let me understand about this, at least. Before our marriage you told me your heart was free- that all meu were indifferent to you — excepting myself, whom you hated. This man Ffrench was npecially mentioned at another interview, and you then assured mo ho was less than nothing to you. . . . You meant what you said ?" "Take your hand away," said Nan, in a soft, dangerous little voice, hardly above a whisper; and then — "We are not both liars," said sho bitterly. Hume had turned rather white, but ho kept his composure. 44 1 can let that go by," said he. 44 Tho more easily in that I know the words to bo of no moment with you. You do not really think me a liar. I defy you to do so. In your soul , you known me honest towards vou both in word and deed. The question between us now, ia only why you objeot to receive Captain Ffrench in your own house." "Does that mean, amongst othor delicate in sinuations, that I should not object to receive him in any other house ?" "Dou'tgo iu for that sort of thing, Nan," said ho, 44 it doesn't suit you. Leave the hack neyed style of retort to women of the world, and answer me, you, plainly. Think it out. Why refuse to accept your cousin as a guest?" 44 1 don't refuse. That would be out of my power now you have asked him. But " She hesitated there, and finally flashed round at him with a sudden passion of reproach. 44 Don't you know," sho cried, 44 can't you see, how awkward it w for me ; you have made everything awkward for mc. I never meet anyone now without wondering what they aro thinking of me, in what mood they are speculating on my strange, my hateful marriage." 44 All that can be lived down," said Hume calmly. 44 There aro, however, other things that might not bo so easy to cast behind one. Thi<< awkwardness, then, is the Bole cause of your objection to Ffrench ? There is no other reason why he should not como ?" None," haughtily. 44 Your cross-examination is absurd, and has no ration d'etre. If ho had accepted your invitation it would ho a different thing." " Ho has accepted it," says Hume, quietly. 44 What?" J 44 After all, you hardly know him so well as you imagine," with a slow smile. 41 He will dine hero to- night. He did not hesitate about it." 44 He accepted?" 44 Yes ; I assure you of it. Aud most willingly, too Why not? It surprises you ; but pei haps ho is uofc so altogether heartbroken as you fancied him. Come, think of him as on the fair road to recovery," said Hume, with a short but not unkindly laugh. Ho would indeed, have fain made a jest of the whole matter with her. 44 Well !" said Nan, briefly, but eloquently. She had felt a certain degree of ncrroucucss when dressing for dinner, but it wasncwbusncHs thrown away. Anything more unJncerned than Ffrcnch'fi manner when they met could hardly bo imagined. Indifference could no further go. The whole affair was as conven tional as it should not have been, and ho pressed her hand that trembled slightly through sheer uncertainty) as vaguely as though no iovo, no auger towards her had over reigned within his breast. She might, indeed, have been the most indifferent of his acquaintances. After that first 44 How d'ye do ?" he had drawn back from her and devoted all Mb tiino and conversation to Pqnelopo, who was dining there that uight. 11c was by no means, eith- r, a dull eavalior. Ho talked incessantly ; he had many a tale to tell. Ilia laugh rang as gaily as it ever did, which perhaps, after all, was not eaying much for it. He seemed, indeed for that ono night nt least, gay beyond his wont. Only Humo was not de ceived in him. Tho gleam in tho dark, restless eyes as they subtly, Becrctly sought Nan's face, told Us own tale of a passion still alive, still anient, revengeful, hopeful ! Nan, who was gowned with every special care that evening, had evidently agreed within herself to be charming to him, to obliterate by sho-.veriug on him little delicacies of the present season nil unpleasant memories of tho last. She, iu fact, decided 14 to make it up with him " in youthful parlance. And all to no avail. Her pretty advances were met with studied indifference. Her most charming speeches were received with the faintest enthusiasm. Altogether towards tho close of tho evening ono could see that she was not only damped, but thoroughly piqued. Humo at all events saw it, and with a rather angry sort of amusement ; AVhy should she care whether Ffrench was in good or bad temper with her? His own relations with her compelled him, against himself, to distrust her. It was astonishing after this the amount of leave that Ffrench managed to get. Either his Colonel was a very good naturcd man, or else was heartily glad to get rid of him. Gone to day and here to-morrow — the old phrase read backwards for him ; and of course it is but a little journey from Dublin to Cork and back again. The country was rather gay at that time. Everybody making a point of giving either a dance or a dinner for Mrs. Hume; who was voted charming by all. Her marriage had been romantic, and — which told more for her — a good one in every sense of the word ; Hume with his £10,000 a year, was a millionaire in Ireland where rents are a mythical matter at present. And whenever tho Humes appeared, Ffrench was almost sure to appear also. He roust, indeed, at this period have made it the business of his life to secure invitations for such entertainments as were given to Nan and her Not that he gave much of his time to Nan. Ho might, indeed, be honestly considered to iSoid her. It was noticeable, however, that though always a little cold to her, he whs never out of sight of her charming face ; always reluctant to speak to her, he yet kept himself ever within easy distance of her voice. Nan, whose natural vivacity had returned to her, fourfold as it were, and who was going through a course of spoiling and petting from the bigwigs in tho county, felt a natural, if rather coquettish desirn to break down this obstinate coldness ; she seemed, indeed, to feel it incumbent on her to compel this old lover to re-enter her service — this timo under tho title of friend. A dangerous experiment in most cases, and especially so in hers. Her marriage with Hume had heightened her charms in many ways. Those born of rich ancestors havo a pretty talent for spending money unknown to the class who havo beon friends with poverty for generations ; and tho laces and silks and velvets that now decked Nan's lovely person suited her, and throw out tho traces of aristocratic blood that ran generously through her veins. Her beautiful face, with its thorough breeding shown in every feature, borrowed fresh lustre from tho Hume diamonds and the dainty gowns that filled her wardrobe ; and though her marriage had been a positive terror to her, once accomplished, sho seemed to have made up her mind to it, and to suffer from it very little. It raised anger, contempt, indignation within her, but never grief or melancholy. She would inveigh against Humo by the hour to Penelope or Gladys (who had grown rather cold with their sympathy), but a tear on the 44 ruin of life" — as she was pleased to call it — she never shed. Sho moved like a young queen in her new sur roundings, holding a court wherever she went. It must uc conceded that she was a sad coquette, but a harmless one, as sho went deeply into nothing, and kept her heart always young. In fact, she cared for no one ; and as her careless flirtations stopped short at married men, she incurred small censure at the hands of the married women— an important class. Sho was so merry, too, so genial, so unmistakably kind- hearted, that it was difficult to he angry with her, or jealous, or accusative bej'ond the point that she was frivolous to a light-hearted degree that, after all, did no harm to anyone. But that Boyle, her old friend, should bo un friendly to her was a bitter drop in hercup. If he had anything to forgive, why couldn't ho do it? Where, said her philosophy, was tho good of wornring about things that couldn't be helped? The Kindliness of her naturo betrayed itself in a rliutilrn +<» V».» in mivnno'u tilnnlr linnUu otwl uVi n made up her mind to seek an opportunity in which sno might show Boylo the error of his ways, and bring him back to his allegiance. This same kindliness might havo served her with Hume, but that unfortunately she was thoroughly convinced of his unlimited affection for her. That sho despised, taking it as her due. One night they were dinning at the Whites of Carrigmore, and Ffrench, of course, was present ; sho made up her mind suddenly to take a step that should kill any animosity to wards her that might still exist in his mind. Finding him standing near licr, talking as usual to Penelopo, alio leaned towards him, and called him by his name. He flushed lightly as sho spoke— and camo to licr. 44 The chrysanthemums," said she, with tho charming smile he knew so well, and a little glance from under her lashes. "They tell me Mrs, White's are not to be beaten ; yot they are good, too, at Hume. I confess I should like to compato them. There are some on show, down in that conservatory there, h'm?" 44 We can ftud out by looking," said Boyle, offering her his arm, moro as if in duty bound than with any apparent pleasure. 44 Ob, yes, they aro lovely, lovely," said Nan, moving from one delicate blossom to tho other in a sort of rapture. 44 Better than ours, nftcr all. " She scorned last in admiration of them, but suddenly, in the very midst of a burst of praise, turned to him. "Why will you not bo friends with mo?" said she, with such seeming artlessueus, yet with such startling abruptness that Ffreuch lost his balance. "Friend, your friend," eaid ho stammering, his dark ©yes suddenly aglow. Then, recovering himself somewhat, 44 what havo I done that you should thus accuse me," said ho with a forced smile. 44 Ah, now, Boylo !" said she in the little coax ing way that I suppose was born with her. It was a vague but eloquent protest. 44 You used to lift m V frinn,1_" nnfHv fhrnvui.irr ft ls + tlft tivo note into her voice. 44 Moro thau that, I think," said Ffrench slowly, his dark moody eyes fixed upon the tesselatcd pavement. "Yes. Well, perhaps," said she brightly, as if it really was of little momont, "But that is all over now." . 44 Yea, of course," returned ho. 44 What has grieved mc," said Nan very gently, 44 u your coldness. It" — hurriedly — 44 it was not my fault, you kuow, and I can't bear to think that you regard mc— sideways— as it were." 44 It was not your fault," repeated he, lifting his eyes now and searching hers eagerly. 44 You say that?" "Oh, don't let us go into things," protected Nan, a little angry with herself for this touching on tho borders of dangerous ground. " What does it matter? All I want to kuow is that you aro my friend onco more." 44 Is that your wish?" asked ho. ."That I should bo your friend— that we should bury the past? Iu that your desire?" There was a sup pressed vehemence iu his manner that did not escape her, but way placed by her to the ac count of the ill temper that as a rule distin guished him. 44 Havo I not said so?" rejoined sho, lightly. 44 You know what a coward I am. How I dis-' liko being in anyono's black books. There, holding out her hand to him, "a truce, I beg of you." "A lasting peace, rather," said he, smiling in return, aud pressing his lips to her hand. After that they had fallen into very ordinary converse, carefully engineered by Nan. Leaning back upon a couch, with the nodding heads of the chrysanthemums abovo her, she had looked like a picture set in a flowery frame. She was dressed in black that night, an exquisite gown of lnco, soft and clinging, witli bunches of tho lemon colored Devonshire tag caught here and there amongst its folds, and with some diamonds glittering in her nut brown hair. Thero was a suspicion of triumph about her laughiug lips, and her eyes burned brightly. Yet Ffrench kept his head. No word of tho passion that was consuming him passed his mouth. But the spirit of it entered into him, and made liim for tho time almost brilliant. An hour went by before Nau woke to the fact that she had been somo time abseut from the drawingroom, an hour during which every word that was said between her and Boyle might have beon printed on tho market-place without prejudice to either of them — but still an hour. There was a little subdued talk about it between one or two iu the reception rooms out side. The old attachment between Miss Delaney and Ffrench was vaguely hinted at. There was a smile on an ottoman over there ; a glance of virtuous regret hi tho corner here. It was well " undcrstanded of the people" likewise, great reluctance. The lengthened tetc-a-tStc in the conservatory was probably tho result of both these bits of gossip. Mrs. Manly was one of tho guests. Hearing something of tlio idle, hardly unkindly sur- misiugs going on around her, sho rose from her place aud sought Hume, who was standing somewhat apart oxamining some Italian views through a strong lens; Julia, touching him lightly on the shoulder, brought him back from Florence to Ireland in a second — the shortest journey on record. " Havo you seen the Chrysantheums ?" asked she, with all the graceful tact that, as a rule, characterises lier. Hume stared at her for a moment. No doubt his rapid transition from the south to the north — from ono train of thought to another— had muddled his brain. 44 Yes," said he at Last coldly. 44 You would like to see them again ?" sugges ted Julia, with distinct meaning this time. Hume stared harder. 44 No !" he «aid. 44 They arc specially fine, I grant you. But I had tho bad taste to be cave less about a second view of them." 44 Careless indeed !"said Julia tartly. "If I were you I should make it my business to go and see them." "If by 4 them' you mean Nan and her cousin," said lie, directly, "you must forgive mc for calling your hint unnecessary. Ffrench has seemed to me unhappy of late ; I hope Nan will be able to bring him to a sounder state of mind." 44 1 am to understand, then, that you approve ?" said Mrs. Manly, breathless with indignation. " You may always understand that I approve of everything my wife docs," rctprned he with a calm smile. Julia left him in high dudgeon, and partly baffled. At heart, if selfish, she was at least sincerely attached to her uicccs, and was now ex tremely anxious that Nan's successful flight into the higher stratum of society should be un- marred by blot of any kind. There was a great deal of selfishness in this, too, as an aunt may make good capital out of a niece's position in life ; but au fond, as I have said, she was fond of the Delaney girls. Sho therefore, to herself, denounced Mr. Humo's apparent unconcern at Nan's open encouragement of a man _ who had once been her lover as a piece of un pardonable negligence. Hume, however, was very far from being as unconcerned as sho believed Mm. A faint doubt, always in his mind, hud that night become a certainty. Nan ho honestly exonerated from any wilful desire to continue a filiation contracted before her marriage, but ho read her sufficiently well to know that she would go considerably out of her way to reinstate herself in the good opinion of anyono who had onco regarded her as abovo tho common. This craving for love or liking from others, this desire to be thought well of by all, was part of her nature, and is indeed, as ono will know who lias studied the matter, an innate desire with all Irifdi people. Whether this characteristic arises from a natural lovnblcnesH of disposition, or pride, or self-conceit, let who will decide. He was not insensible to the delicate glances and subdued smiles going on around him. Those perfect views of Italy were as so many blank walls to him. Ho was indeed annoyed, and hurt almost beyond bearing, but he showed nothing of it. It was growing towards tho time when all should mako their adieu to the hostess, and yet Nnn mado no sign. In truth sho had forgottcu everything. Sho was enjoying herself immensely in her new relations with her old friend. To her merry, loving nature it was delightful to bo at peace once more with one whom she had always liked, and with whom, perhaps, she had not been quito honest. He had truly loved her in his own queer way, and siie— well, sho certainly had never gone so far.as to tell him that she never loved him. Tho moments passed quickly ; he was thoroughly entertaining. She might iudeed have been the la-it to bid Mr. White 44 good night " hut for one trivial circumstance. It was small, but it wakened her to a faint sense of tho situation. Attracted by a pale, pink blossom that hung over her head — a little oehind her and Ffrench —sho had raised her baro arm, <mowy as a cloud in June, and attempted to reach it. It was beyond her, and Bhe bad swayed slightly, bring ing herself involuntarily almost within tho circle of Boyle's embrace. Ho had caught her arm, and held it. It was only for a moment. 44 Nan !" said he, breathlessly. It was, indeed, a mere breath, but so im- nassioncd tlmt nhrnnk from him sharnlv. Her movement recalled him to himself, and when she looked at him again lie was to all appcaranco as she could desire, ' " I fcarcdjyou hadovor balancedvourself," said he, carelessly. His voice was perfectly calm. "Very nearly," said she. "That blossom tompted me, but it was beyond my reach." "So many things aro beyond one's reach," said he. He kept up the conversation almost alone after that, beyond ft casual "Yes" or "No" from her. An unpleasant doubt of hiB sincerity as a mere friend had entered into her for tho time being only; it faded after that. Did ho really, liko Penelope,, or wero hi atten tions to her only a veil for—. It was an un pleasant question, and sho cast it from her. Yet iu somo occult way alio knew, that it would return again. . Almost immediately, afterwards sho rose and led the way hack . to tho drawingroom, whqre Mrs. Manly, who was near tho eutranco door, gavo her a dhtinot scowl. Many had gone, but tho rooms could hardly ho called empty. Humo received her with a smile. Sho said a word or two to Mrs. AVhito, and drovo home with him boucath tho fiosty stars. 