The Storyteller. 'Neath Brazen Skies.* [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER VI. Oh, love, love—loyal I remain! FRANCES TYRRELL GILL. BY TOKEY. Madeleine's thoughts were far on the road to the coast in company with the traveller who had started that morning, while her body had long lain securely prisoned within the white UIUSIJUIIiU llOkß Ul uu will •»• Ounbera. In consequence of this long excur sion which her mind had taken down a sun-baked road, she had made no progress in the journey to Dreamland, and now, in the gmall hoars of the morning, the god of sleep seemed to have spread his wings and flown far from her. There is no instance in whioh the laying that "He who will not when he may, when he will he shall have nae" is more truly exemplified than with lovely, restful, fickle Morpheus. Refuse him when he comes with poppy-scented breath and weaving arms to woo you, and you must entreat him long, and almost despairingly, before you win him back. Madeleine was not ill content to lie thus in the broken stillness of the night and count her joys and store them safely in the sacred niches of her heart and brain, with method and with care, that none might ever be laid aside and perhaps for ever lost to happy memory. But, ever practical through the rich romance that gave a glow to all her nature, she thought of the coming day with its duties, and strove to calm the quick intense beating of her heart and turned her cheek to a cool spot on her pil low in search of absent slumber —not in one minute found, nor yet in many. The melan choly ourlew whistle sounded in her ears, and the equally cheerless, but less acute, wail of the mopoke, while an opossum pattered on the roof. But all these were familiar noises and had no share in keeping her wakeful. Suddenly a strange sound broke in upon her Benses, and roused her fully—a crackling noise, and then men's voices hoarse and strange in the night air. In a moment she was at the window, where a red glare met her eyes, with dark figures moving hurriedly between it and her. Instantly she grasped the meaning of this unfamiliar sight—the quarters were on fire I Madeleine hastily straggled into a dress ing-gown, and flew to Mr. Somers's door. " Get up," she oried vigorously, without hesitation, " the quarters are on fire." She heard him exclaim " By thunder 1" and khen immediately took her way to Ida's room. Bhe found her Bleeping, so she lifted the cur tains and laid a hand on her shoulder. "Ida," she said quietly, "the bachelors' quarters are burning." "Are they?" answered Mrs. Dalrymple, very sleepy and quite unconcerned. Then, as the dawn of wakef ulness broke upon her, she exclaimed: "What did you say? You don't mean it ? Are they really ?" As Madeleine had done, Bhe promptly left her bed, made a hasty toilette de eonvenance, and joined her cousin, who had returned to the veranda along which she had come. Mr. Somers had long since raced off, in a reckless d6ihabille of blue and white pyjamas and flat, backless, heelless Chinese straw slippers, which Were only kept on by an artistic curling of his toes and a rigid forgetfulness of the necessities of an aristooratio gait—summed up by a Mrs. Parvenu, in direction to her daughters, to " Step high, like turkeyß in long grass." There was nothing to be done but to save * All rights reserved by the author. such articles as could be torn from the flames. Without any force of water it was hopeless to think of extinguishing the fire in this dry wooden building, so, as it oould not ignite any thing else, they just let it burn itself out, for water was too valuable to be wasted in ineffec tual bucketfuls. The glare rose high and the flames crackled and roared in their devouring career. Now and then came a crash as a piece of roof or wall fell in, and the air where Mrs. Dalrymple and Miss Jaumard stood was hot from the conflagration. "That would make rather a good funeral pyre-," Baid Ida, as they watched. " Suppose we go and immolate ourselves; we are both widowed, for the present." " Thank you," said Madeleine, " but I think my grass-widowhood is too green to burn. We'll put it off for another occasion, Dick." By this time the servants were all aroused, and stood in a group midway between the house and the fire commenting upon the scene. They had been joined by th« "quarter's " oook, who was in a state of voluble excitement relating in a high-pitched voice and with strangely-chosen expressions how she had felt when she was first awakened; what she had said to her hus band ; how, in order to awaken him, she had " kicked 'im three times, or it might 'ave been six;" how she had rushed in and out in the jaws of the fiery "helement" to rescue her valued possessions, including a musical instru ment which she designated " a orgin." "It's a rare pity to see it burning," she said, "but," she added philosophically, "what's lotted can never be blotted," and no one had courage enough to inquire what was meant by this ambiguous phrase. As the flames began to subside the two ladies returned to their rooms and made a few addi tions to their costumes, and soon after they had done this the burnt-out occupants of the charred quarters began to struggle, one by one, up to the house, each one laden with a miscel laneous collection of articles. Mr. Harvey was the first to arrive, and he immediately sought Mrs. Dalrymple. He looked grimy and very dejeoted. "No one is hart, I hope, Mr. Harvey?" said Mrs. Dalrymple as he came up. " No, I am thankful to say, Mrs. Dalrymple," he replied. Then he went on hurriedly and nervously, " I don't know what you will say to me—you will think me a careless fool. I caused the whole thing. I was reading in bed, and went to sleep with the candle on my ohest." •'You don't mean it!" said Ida, horror itruck, " I wonder you weren't burnt to death." " The candlestick fell on the floor, luokily, as I turned and woke me; but I must have upset it before, for by that time the curtains were all in a blaze. I did my best to get them out, but the flames had got beyond me, so I could do no good and gave it up to go and warn the others. We managed to save • good deal, but there's the loss of the house and a lot of the furniture," he said very gloomily. "Did you save anything of your own?" asked Ida, very sorry for the young fellow's evident distress. " My watch and the clothes I had on yester day evening, nothing else. Bat I wouldn't oare a bit," he said vehemently—" not a scrap —for the loss of my own things if that were all. What do you think Mr. Dalrymple will say, Mrs. Dalrymple ?" he asked anxiously. " Ob, he will know you did not mean to do it," answered Ida. It was a weak piece of comfort, but the best she oould think of at the moment; for she knew well enough that almost any man would be angry at such gross carelessness, and had no reason to suppose that her husband would be an exception to the rule. " Well, it's awfully good of you to be so nice about it," Baid the crushed fire-raiser. " I will go back now and bring up some more things." He went; and Ida and Madeleine expressed their pity for him, though they oould not ex onerate him from blame. The all- triumphant glorious sun, pitiless master of the tropio earth, was rising in the east before the confusion subsided. Mrs. Dal rymple had ordered the fire to be lighted and some coffee to be made, and, as the first golden sunbeams pierced the gray of dawn, they all sat down here and there to refresh themselves; for by this time everyone was beginning to feel rather exhausted. Then each one sought some brief repose wherever a resting-place could be found. When the business of the day began, Mrs. Dalrymple set to work to arrange for the accommodation of five extra inmates—the three homeless bachelors and the married couple. The household was busy all day settling the sleeping arrangements and bring ing in and stowing away, as well as possible, the salvage furniture, clothes, and other articles from the demolished quarters. By the mail which arrived that afternoon Mrs. Dalrymple reoeived a telegram from her husband saying that he would be home on the following Thursday—two days later than he had previously intended. On the Wednesday before his arrival Madeleine sat down to write her first letter to her lover. " My Stuart," sho began, " I am afraid I have left out something—the oustomary • dear, 1 I think. You must please exonse the omission and believe you are dear although I did not mention it. I think I must have a taste for simplicity, for somehow I rather liko the look of that brief commencement. I am writing before hearing from you as I promised, but I am not quite certain that it is not a bad prece dent. lam sure I spoil you dreadfully, and I must make up for it some day by being jolly disagreeable—if only to show you that my nature is not such a dead level as you imagine. I have always heard that variety is charming, so be prepared for it. The sun has not ceased to shine sinoe you left; I believe it ought to have done so, or that I ought to think it had; but, upon my word, I believe it is shining harder than ever. Nevertheless, I don't know why it is, but I feel just a tiny sorap flat sinco you went away. Silly, isn't it? No doubt I shall soon get over it. I wonder why I can't write you a nice sensible letter; any other girl would have left unsaid all the rubbish I have thrust upon you and would have said a lot of other things very much nicer and perhaps a little affectionate. Whatever the reason may be that I have not done the latter, I don't fancy that it lies in the fact that I don't feel that way. There ! if you can only manage to extract the meaning from that involved remark I think you will be a little bit pleased. Per haps yon would like some news for a change after all this frippery. I will give it to you oategorioally:—l. We are all quite well, thank you. 2. The drought is still on, and has affected the ink-bottle, which is nearly dry. 3\. The quarters were burnt to the ground the very night of the day you left here. Beading in bed the cause, and Mr. Harvey the culprit. Poor fellow, he is utterly crestfallen and dread ing Rupert's return. Of course we have had a houseful ever since. 4. Comfortable Billy has been as amusingly naughty as ever. 5. ' Our' Dick is very Dicklike and sends messages which I scorn to transcribe G. Rupert's return was postponed, but he is to be home to-morrow. Bather a series of surprises in store for him; I hope he will like the one you prepared better than Mr. Harvey's attempt. 7. I have been flirting with Mr. Somers. 8. Owing to some hitch in the cattle slaughtering department we have killed three tins of salmon for three successive meals in the absence of any other food. Their cervioal vertebrae are very tough, and it is hard work getting their heads off, but it is the only effectual way of slaughtering them. My appetite for salmon is now gone, in fact I have such a craving for some other kind of food that I believe if you were here now I should eat you, though per- ■ haps you would be tough. I find that my eighth item, re food, is the longest of any, so I stand confessed as a glutton with a terrible longing for mutton. I have just gone a little mad, as you may observe, but it doesn't seem to me to matter much; we shall have twin heads as well aa twin hearts, soon, if my cranium goes on failing me at its present rate. I am not joking about our twin hearts, my dearest love; the one you have presented me with to supply the place of my own fits me perfectly, and I firmly believe you find exactly the same with regard to mine. Take care of it, dear; I have no other, and though it has looked after itself for a good many years and grown pretty tough in the process it would take very little negleot from you to put it out of sear. lam afraid you have had a horrid trip down, it is so disgracefully hot, but fortunately the weather never seems to trouble you; you really have rather an equable temper, now I come to think of it. We had a buyer here yesterday, and were obliged to entertain him in the house in oonsequenoe of the demolishtnent of the quarters. I hope we shall not have any more visitors of that sort until they are rebuilt. Our Dick did her very best, but the poor thing had to giggle as also did Mr. Boyd and myself, all in dire fear the while of offending a good customer—though a specially peculiar one. He had a sniff—ghost of misery! I shiver when I think of it. He oould not hear without press ing his nose right to one side with his fore finger and sniffing hard at the same time, and this performance was gone through whenever a remark was made to him. Under these inte resting circumstances very few were made, as you may imagine. Dick and I have been practising it ever since. Please, Stuart, come back very soon—before I have had time to forget this new accomplishment, you know. I AM LONOINO TO HAVE TOO BACK. This is Solid, and I oould write pages like it, but I won't. I expect a wire from you and perhaps a letter by the mail to-morrow. If nothing comes, then tr-r-r-emble. Good-bye. Dick sends her love, so I suppose I may send my own. Ood bless you, my dear boy I I love you very much (a* little—passibly—not at all). Thine, now and forever, Diok. * Skip this if you like." " What an idiotio epistle," said Madeleine to herself, as she folded it for the envelope; " but it is just as it came to me, so it shall go with all its imperfections upon its head. After all it is not equal to the rubbish I used to talk to him when he was here, and he liked that, so he may like this for reminding him of it." Thus thinking she closed the flap. Madeleine Jaumard's love had not come to her very early as it does to many women, but it was none the less strong and true for that; perhaps all the more so from the maturity of her judgment and the leas impressionable soft ness of her heart. Nor was it in any way detraoted from by the gaiety of spirit which mingled with its very essence, half-revealing, half-concealing the real depth of the hold this late growth of Eros's planting had taken of her being. Nothing could have induced her to indulge in verbal sentiment of siokly tinge; rather would she have girded at the tender birth of her own new- quivering soul with shafts of sharpest satire ; but deep below the surface there lay a fund of warm all powerful love which she wa3 perfectly ready to own to in a straightforward matter-of-fact way, unwreathed by flowers of romantic imagery. With a heart to feel so strongly it. was well for her that she possessed a head capable of regulating its impulses and ready to tone down with its happy praotical balance the wilder flights of joy or sorrow. Chapter VII. Why shonld wo ovor know now Joys, It thus they pasa? Leaving, alas I Wistful regret, which maoh alloy* All that man now has. Alexander W. B.vthoate. "Paver's coming! I seefaver," cried Com fortable Billy early in the afternoon of Thurs day. His mother hurried out to the veranda and saw that the little boy's words were true, for her husband was riding up about 200 yards away on the level road. As he neared the house Rupert waved his hat to the watching figures and then pulled his horso a little aside and rode round by the blackened ruins of the ill-fated quarters. All the inmates of Tungera Gunbera had known that this piece of news would break itself to the owner, and Mr. Harvey, though he had been so eager in the first instance to confess his carelessness, had now elected to be on a distant part of the run, whence he would not return until nightfall, for he thought it was in every way better that he should not bring himself before Mr. Dalrymple's notice too immediately upon his arrival. Rupert sur veyed the ruins for a few then put sours to bis horse, and cantered up to the house. "You've been amusing yourselves nicely during my absence," he said when the first greetings were over. "Indulging in bonfires, I see." "Isn't it a pity, Rupert?" said Ida. "It's an awful nuisanoe. How did it happen ?" " Poor Mr. Harvey was reading in bed and set his curtains on fire." " Poor Mr. Harvey! Poor me, I think; don't you? you pink-faoed girl," he said with a smile to Madeleine. " You've been toasting yourself at the conflagration, I should say, to get such a colour." At this the said oolour increased threefold, and was not diminished by Ilupert's intent gaze whioh seemed as though seriously determined to solve the reason of this demon stration in pink. " Where is the young blaok guard with literary tastes?" he asked, as Made leine turned away from his strangely scrutinis ing look. " I require a little conversation with him." "He is out," said Ida. " Don't trouble about him now, but come and have something to restore you after your journey." " I must get rid of some of this dust, first," he answered, glancing down at his travel-stained apparel. " I won't be long." " Ida," said Madeleine, as soon as he was out of earshot, " do tell him as soon as you can; I feel so horribly conscious while he doesn't know." "I will tell him directly, dear," answered her oousin. She busied herself about a few little matters for her husband's refreshment, and then followed him to his room, where sh» sat down while he brushed his hair. "Rupert," she said, rather spasmodically " I have got another pieoe of news for you." "Not bad, too, I hope." " Not in my opinion, nor in anyone else's, so far. It is about Madeleine." " What ?" the query was sharp. " She is engaged to Mr. Estell." " Madeleine engaged t Engaged to Stuart Estell 1 My God! woman, what have yov done!" "What do yon mean, Rupert?" cried Ida, too wonderstraok and horrified to deny the doing of this thing. He stood with fixed face and made no reply. " Rupert 1" she repeated, with a sick fear at her heart, " what is the matter? Do tell me." He motioned her back with his hand. "Don't speak to me now. I will explain presently," and with that he left her. Rupert walked with an agitated air to his own offioe, the door of whioh he closed behind him. After a few moments, during which he paced feverishly up and down the circumscribed space of the floor of his room, he drew a bunch of keys from his pocket and selected a small one from among the number; with this he opened a drawer in his office desk, and took therefrom a well-worn leather case with many pockets. Having secured this he sat down and proceeded rather slowly to open it and look through the oontents. He continued the search until he came to the front sheet of a newspaper whioh he extracted from among the various other documents the leather case contained. It was a discoloured and unimportant-looking sheet when he had unfolded it, but it seemed to interest him powerfully for he sat for a long time scanning it, or at all events, with his eyes fixed upon it, while he meditated with his hoad supported on his hands. " Yes," he said at length, with a look of determination on his face, " she must see this. I can't help it—it is not my fault—but Made leine must see this. It will settle everything immediately and Bave an infinity of"—he paused, then added—" explanation"—in a curious tone of voice. " How strange," he went on, "that I should have kept this hitherto utterly worthless announcement all these years, and even have brought it out here with me simply because it was too insignificant to throw away! How little I dreamt of finding such a use for it! I wonder what whisper of Fate prompted my sister to mark the Lancashire news sheet and send it tame under the impres sion that the Georgina Harper in question was my quondam little friend, Georgina Hamp ton, who certainly married a Harper, but a Harper who is alive to this day, and has not made room for a successor. But for the name of Estell in it I should not even have thrust it into my case." He was silent again for a space while a heavy frown settled on his brow and a dogged look about his mouth. " Poor Madeleine 1" he murmured at last, but shook himself as he said the words as though to be rid of the thought of the girl's sufferings. " Bah!" he went on with a sort of shiver; "I can't think of that—l won't. I will not believe she will suffer—it's too beastly. But that scoundrel, that wretoh Estell, who came behind my back to carry away my—" he paused again as though at a loss for a suitable term whereby to designate his wife's cousin— " I must oheckmate him, and this," he touohed the printed sheet, " ought to do it." He sat on in the same place for another period of brood ing silence, then jumped suddenly to his feet. " I must do it," he exclaimed. " I must!' And without further hesitation he snatched np the paper and hurried out of the office. Ida remained where her husband had left her, with pale face and beating heart. She dared not run the risk of meeting Madeleine, who would instantly beset her with questions; would want to know how Rupert had received the intelligence of her engagement. " There must be something terribly wrong," she thought. " What can it be ? Oh! my poor Dick! God preserve hor happiness." The " crawling minutes" passed like wearied slaves, so slowly, painfully, did they creep along. To Ida th« half hour that Bhe spent there seemed like a hideous day. At every sound she quaked lest Madeleine should be coming to find her out; every passing moment brought its own sugges tion of the meaning of this strange effect of her news, each one uglier than the last, until nothing that her husband could tell her would, she felt, surpass the horrors she had imagined. At last he came back to her. His face looked drawn; his eyes wevo unwilling to seek hers. Very quietly he walked up to where sho wat sitting, and held out the paper he had brought r •with his finger on the marriage announcements, "Read that," he said. "I can't enlarge upon it." The printed lines seemed to dance before Ida's eyes, but by an effort she deciphered tern. " Estell—Harper," she read. "On the 30th April, at St. Stephen's Church, Claythorpe, by |he Rev. William Barnard, assisted by the Rev. A xthur Carver, Stuart, second son of Sir Vernon Estell, Bart., of Haigsmere, Yorkshire, to Georgina, relict of the late George Harper, Esq., of Holywell Gardens, Liverpool." Having taken in the awful sense of these words she glanced at tho date of tho paper—it was five years old. Stuart had been married all that time. Suddenly she looked up. "Rupert," she said, in a voioe that came huskily from a dry throat, "is she alive—this Georgina ?" " Yes," he answered. " And does Stuart Estell know it ?" "Yes," he answered again. There was a moment's silence, and then Ida broke into an uncontrollable ory. "Poor child! Poor child! What will she do?" She checked her tears in a few moments. " Yon have known this always, I suppose ?" she said. " Yes," he replied again. "Why didn't you tell me?" "I had my reasons. I never thought it would come to this—how could I ? Ida, for heaven's sake, don't talk to me about it— •specially about her sufferings. I wish to God ihat man had never come here. No one knows of this engagement but ourselves, I suppose?" " I think not," answered Ida, who was un aware that Mr. Somers had been confided in. •' Madeleine must be told," she went on, " and the sooner the better." " Yes, go and tell her. Get it over. But don't tell me about it. I mean don't let me know if she takes it very badly. I don't wan't to hear about it. I can't bear to." Ida was much touohed by the deep hold her cousin's troubles seemed to have taken of her husband, and as she started on her dreary mission she paused to put her hands upon his shoulders and kiss him tenderly. He suffered the embrace, but was, apparently, too utterly east down to return it; only he said as she turned away: " I know you will make it as light as you can for her." " I will, dear," she answered, and carried her sinking heart onward. Madeleine was on the veranda talking to Mr. Boyd, who had come in for a few minutes from some breaking-in work in the yards. Ida paused at some distance and called her gently while she positively sickened at the duty that lay before her, and longed to postpone it—to leave the girl a little longer happiness, if it were only for a few moments. But she knew it was better not. She must not run the risk oflettingher see Rupert until shehadtoldher all. He would be quite unable to keep the disastrous news from his face and manner. Madeleine came hastily towards her with her usual lightfooted gait. " Rupert must be starving by this time," she aaid; but as she came near and saw the expres sion on Mrs. Dalrymple's face she changed her tone suddenly. " What is it, Ida ?" she said, with much concern. "Is he ill ?" Ida shook her head without speaking. " Come with me, dear," she said, putting out her hand in a half conscious way. Madeleine took it between both her own and pressed it in an endeavour to reassure and strengthen her trembling cousin. " Ida, dear," she said imploringly, " won't you tell me what is wrong?" She was following Ida's swift footsteps whioh led along the veranda and round to Madeleine's own room. " Yes, dear, yes," answered Mrs. Dalrymple, with an effort to be calm. "I am going to tell you. Don't be frightened." She shut the door as she spoke, and, still holding her by the hand, sat down on the bed, and drew her cousin down beside her. Suddenly, with a gasp of horror, Madeleine cried, " Ida, is it Stuart ? Is he dead ?" Her voice rose to a strangled scream. "No, no!" The girl covered her face with her hands and shivered audibly. The reaction from the terrible fear took away all her strength and she swayed as she sat. "Oh, my darling!" she murmured; "my darling!" Silently her cousin folded her arms round her. Madeleine turned quiokly to her: " Ida!" she cried, " how selfish I am! Are you in trouble, dear?" Ida hesitated, Then, "Yes, dear," she answered; "but Oh, Diok, my own heart, it is for you. Be brave, my darling!" She crushed her to herself with a wild wish to impart strength to her. " Ida," whispered Madeleine, frightened but uncertain, "if it isn't Stuart, what—how"— she had no words; "there is no one else but you—unless a friend." Ida still held her closely. " Madeleine, sweet one, it is—he." " Dying ? 11l ?" The whisper was so low it could scarcely be heard. " No, dear. Nothing but—gone." " Ida, what do you mean ? Of course he is gone. I know—oh, Ido know!" As the tender familiar grief came back to her the tears softly fell in its train, and she laid her wet eyes on Ida's shoulder. "Yes, dearest; but—he must never come back to you." There was a world of sympathy and regret in her voice. Madeleine never moved, but the moisture of gentle sorrow dried as by lightning stroke. Ida had spoken, and a deadly arrow of suspicion had pierced her through. No other hand oould have sped it to its mark. A scornful "Why?" or yet more scornful silence wonld have greeted such a speeoh from any other lips; but Ida's words must, for Madeleine, carry their conviction with them. " Tell me," she breathed, after a Bilence. "He 13 married." It was kinder to be brief— to use no useless words. Through all the form she held so tightly Ida felt a sudden lapse—a limpness through the limbs. Alarmed, she tried to raise Madeleine's face to see if she had fainted; but her oousin divined her thought and made the slightest movement of negation and Ida let her lie still. While she remained so Mrs. Dalrymple did not speak, even though long shudders and sudden twitches shook all the girl's frame. Her loving cousin knew that some comfort, however slight and unrealised, must be derived from the gentle contact of their bodies, while any word, be it ever so kind and fraught with sympathy, would act in effect as would the laying in caressing touoh of a finger on a gaping beating wound. What use to offer little evidences of a well known affeotion? They would but serve to remind her of all that had gone down in her lately-launched argosy of love. "Are you certain?" asked Madeleine, as a littlo strength came back to her. " Dearest, try to read this." She raised and supported the half-helpless form and gavo the fatal paper into her trembling hand. It was quite a long time befere the girl seemed to grasp the announcement, as she gazed half vacantly at it, the paper swaying to and fro in her unsteady hand. " Stuart Eatell"—yes, that was her lover's name. " Son of Sir Vernon Estell"—yes, his father was a baronet, and his elder brother's name was Vernon; there could be no doubt. "Of Haigsmere"—yes, he had said he should never come in for Haigsmere; it was all true—quite true. " Is she alive ?" was all she said. Ida inclined her head and Madeleine sank baok into her former position. The horrible minutes went by, each one bringing to Ida a stronger feeling that she must jump up or shriek to relieve the maddening oppression of that deadly silent room. Yet still she kept firm control over herself and sat outwardly as still and calm as though her heart were not raging and fainting by turns and no wild impulses possessed the mind that lay concealed behind that set white face. She even made a grasp at a mosquito which had been disturbed from its lair among the curtains where it was lying in wait in hopes of a mid night banquet. She loathed herself for dis playing an interest in suoh utter nothings, and was horrified at the coolness which enabled her not only to aim at the insect's death but to accomplish it. So little was Ida acquainted with doep Borrows, of whioh Madeleine had met far more on her way through life, that she did not know that the mind could be absorbed by grief and still allow of a mechanical notice being taken of trifles. "Ida," came at last in a fluttering broken whisper, " shall I ever be able to bear it?" " Yes, darling, you are brave and strong and you will try, won't you, for my sake ?" Not words only but a wealth of love and pleading poured out in this little sentence. " Yes," came faintly in return. Again the dreary quiet fell, and was again broken by Madeleine. ••Didhe know?" As clearly as though the girl had put her question in elaborate form Ida understood that what she wanted to know was whether Mr. Estell had been aware that his wife was living when he made his proposal to herself. Oh, the bitterness of truth ( the sting of words t How could she answer " Yes?" The girl half raised herself. " Ida," she repeated, in an agony of appre hension, " did he know?" "Oh, Madeleine!" cried Ida; "it is too awful for you." It was enough ; she was answered. With a fierce jerk she threw herself from her cousin's arms and down upon the bed, where she turned and shrank in her torture with gasping sighs and moans. Ida burst into rare tears. " Oh, Madeleine!" she said, "do cry, dear. It is so pitiful, so sad, you must cry." Her own voice was quivering with pain, but not even Ida's tears or words could bring this boon to Madeleine. Her hot eyeballs were as dry as stones, and her whole being seemed burning. Mrs. Dalrymple checked her weeping as soon as she could for appearances had to be kept up. Madeleine's sorrow must not be made public [to be continued.] 