STAND FAST, CRAIG ROYSTON! By WILLIAM BLACK. Author, of " A Princoss of TJiule," "Sabina Zembra," "The New Prince Porliinatus,'" &c.; CHAPTER XXIII* A gl'MT ATi LAST. The renovation of Musselburgh House toolc more time than had been hopwl; bride and bridegroom remained abroad, basking in the 'sweet airs and sunlight'of the.Mediterranean sprjng ; and it wan hot untilwejl on in tlie month of Ala)' that they returned to London. Immediately after their arrival Vincent called on 'them—one afternoon on his way down'to St.' Stephen's. He stayed only for a few minutes, and 'had little to say. 'But- the moment he had'left Lady Musselburgh turned to her husband. "Oh, Hubert, isn't it dreadful? Did you ever see such a change in any human being? And no one to teU ue of it—not even his own father—nor a word from Louie Drexel, though she wrote often enough about 1dm and what he was doing in the House"— " Yes, he does look ill," said Musselburgh, with a seriousness not usual with him. " Very ill indeed.' Yet he doesn't seem to know it— declares there is nothing wrong with him— shows a little inipatienoe, .even, when you begin to ask questions. I suppose he has been working toohard; too eager .and anxious all the way round; too ambitious—not like most young.men.- He'd better give up that news paper nonsense for one thing." '•-Oh,' it isn't that, ■ Hubert; it isn't that'." she -exclaimed, in rather piteous accents; and she walkedawayto the window (this was the very room in which Vincent had first set eyes on Maisrie Bethune and her grandfather). She Btood there alone for a time. Then her husband went and joined her, and linked his arm within hers. She was crying a little. " I did it for the best, Hubert, she sobbed. "Did what for the best?" " Getting that girl away. I never thought it would come to this." "Now, -now, Madge," said he in a very affectionate fashion, " don't you worry about nothing—or rather, it isn't nothing, for Via does look pretty seedy; but you musn't assume that you are in any way responsible. People don't die nowadays of separation and a broken heart—not nowadays. He is fagged; he is not used to the late hours of the House of Commons; then there's that newspaper work" " But his manner, Hubert, his manner!" she exclaimed. " He seemed as if he no longer cared for anything in life; he hardly listened when I told him where we had been ; he appeared to me to be thinking of something quite different—as if he were looking at ghosts." "And perhaps he was looking at ghosts," said her husband. "For it was by that table there he first saw those two people who have made all thiB trouble. But why should you consider yourself responsible, Madge ? It wasn't your money that sent them out of the country. It wasn't you who found out what they really were. She passed her handkerchief across her eyes. " I was quite sure," she went on—not heed ing this consolation—" that as soon as she was ■got away—as soon as he was Temoved from the fascination of her actual presence—he would begin to see things in their true light. And then, thrown into the society of a charming and clever .girl like Louie Drexel, I hoped every thing for him. And is this all that has ccme ■fo it, that be looks as if he were at death's door? It (isn't the House of Commons, Hubert; -ana it isn't the newspaper work. It is simply that he still believes in that girl, and that he is eating his heart out about her absence, and has no one to confide in. For that is the worst of it all; it is all a sealed book now, as 'between him and iis. He was for leaving my houBe in Brighton—oh, the rage he was in with me about_ her; and it would have been for the last time, too, I know, only that I promised never again to mention the subject to him, and on that condition we have got on fairly well since. But how am I to keep silence any longer? I (cannot see my boy like that. _ I must speak to him; I must ask him if he is still so mad as to believe in the honesty of those two people; and then, if I find that his infatuation still exists, even after all this time, then I must simply tell him that they took money to go away. How can ho get over that? How can he get over that, Hubert? In her despair this was almost a challenge as well as an appeal But her husband was doubt ful. ■ "When a young man is in love with a woman," said he, "he can forgive a good lot— confound it, he can forgive everything, or nearly everything, so long as she can persuade him she loves him in return" "But not this, Hubert, not this!" the young wife exclaimed. " Bven if he could forgive her being a thief and the accomplice of an old charlatan and swindler—and what an ' if 1' imagine that of Vinoent—of Vincent, who is as proud as lucifer—imagine that of him !—but' even if we could get him to regard those two with the eyes of common sense afid-common experience, and even if he were willing to forgive all that, how could he forgive her being bought oyer, her taking money to remain away from him ? No, no, Hubert, surely there is a limit, even to a young man's folly ! "Of course you know best," her husband said, in a dubious kind of way. "I'veseen some queer things in my time with young men. And Vin is an obstinate devil, and tenacious; he sticks to anything he takes up; look at him and that wretched newspaper work, for example. If he has persuaded himself of the innocence and honour of this girl it may bo hard to move him. And. I remember there was something very winning and attractive about her—something that bespoke favour." " That was what made her so useful to that old impostor!" Lady Musselburgh said, vin dictively. "Of course," he admitted, "as you say, here s the undoubted fact of their taking the money. If Vin iB to be convinced at all, it is possible that may convince him." "Veiywell, then," said she, with decision, " he must and shall be convinced, and that no further off than to-morrow morning. 111 tell Harland I'm coming along to lunch; so that he may be in the house to give me any papers I may want. And surely, surely, when Vinoent perceives what these people are, and what an escape he has had, he will cease to mope and fret. At his time of life there ought to be other things to think of than a gin who has deceived nun all the way through and ended by taking money to leave the country." But notwithstanding all this brave confidence Lady Musselburgh felt very nervous and anxious as she went down next morning to Grosvenor Place. She was alone; her husband was coming along later for lunch, and she went on foot, to give her a little more time to arrange her plan of procedure. For this was her last bolt and she knew it. If his fatal obstinacy withstood this final assault, then there was no hope for him, or for her far-reaching schemes with regard to him. She went into the drawing-room, and he came as soon as he was sent for. These two were now alone.f "Do you know, Vin," she began, at once, "Hubert and I have been much concerned about you; for though you won't admit there ib anything the matter, the change in your appearance struck us yesterday the moment you came in; indeed, it made me quite anxious, and after you were gone Hubert and I talked -a little about you and your affairs—you may be sure with _ only the one wish in our raisd" Hubert thinks you are over-fagged; that you are too close in your attendance at the House; .and that you should give up your newspaper writing for a time. I wish it were no mote than that. But I suspect there is something else" " Aunt," said he, interrupting her—and yet with something of a tired air, "do you think there is any use in talking, and enquiring, and suggesting? What has happened, has hap pened. It is something, you don't understand; and something you couldn't put right, with all your good wishes." _ , " Yes, yes," she said, eagerly, for she was rejoiced to find that he took her mterferenoe so amiably; "that is quite right, and mind you I don't forget the agreement we came to at Brighton, that a certain subject should never be referred to by either of us. I quite remember that; and you know I have never Bought.to return to it again in any way what ever. But your looks yesterday, Vin, frightened me ; and at this moment, why you are not like my dear boy at all. I wish in all - seriousness you had come over to Paris with iis —you and Louie—and gone with us to the Mediterranean; we should not have allowed j you to fall into this condition." "Oh', I'm well enough, A'unt," said he. "Von are not well!" she insisted. "And why ? Because your mind is ill -at ease" " And very little comfort I have to hope for from ycu," said be, remembering former con versations ; hut there was no bitternees in his tone, only a sort of resigned hopelessness. "Now, that is not fair, Vin 1 she protested. "If I said things to you you did notlike what motive had I but your happiness ? And now at this moment, if I reopen that subject, if I ask you to be allowed to reopen that subject, it is not the kind of comfort you appa rently hope for that I am prepared to hrinK Von, but something quite different. I should like to heal your mental ailment, once and for all, by convincing you of the truth." . " Yes, I think we have heard something or that sort on previous occasions," he said, rather scornfully. "The truth as it is in George Morris 1 Well, I will tell you what would be more useful, more to the point, and more becoming. Before saying {anything further about that old man and his granddaughter, 1 think you ought to go and seek them out, and go down on your knees to them, and ask their pardon" " For what?" '• l'or what you have already said of them— and suspected." . „ , " Really you try my patience too much '. she exclaimed, with some show of temper. What have 1 said or suspected of them that was not amply justified by the account of them that vourifather offered to show you? Of course you wouldn't look at it. Certainly not! lacts are inconvenient things, most uncomfortable things, where one's prepossessions are involved. But / had no objection to looking at it " I suppose not!" said he. "And my eyes were not blinded. 1 coulu accept evidence when it was put before me. "Evidence!" he repeated, "You forget that 1 have been across the Atlantic since that precious document was compiled. I heard how that evidence had been got; I could see how it could be perverted to suit the malignant theories of a pack of detectives. _ And if i came back with any settlod conviction, it was that you and one or two others—myseu, too, m a way—could do no better than go and humble ourselves before that old man and that girl, and beg for their forgiveness and their forget fulness of the wrongs and insults we have put Oh, this is beyond anything!" she cried rather losing command of herself. " You drive me to speak plain. Everything your father and I could think of was tried to cure you of this mad infatuation—the most patient enquiry expenditure of money—representations that would have convinced any sane person. .No-., thing was of any use. What was to be done next? Well, we could only buy up those honourable persons—who were not adventurers in any kind of way—oh, certainly not!—but all the same they were willing to be bought; and so, on payment of a substantial considera tion, thev agreed to pack up their traps and be off. What do you think of that ? What do you say to that? Whete was the old gentle man's indomitable pride?—where was the girl s pretended affection for you?—when they con sented to take a good round sum of monejiand be off? How can you explain that away ? She regarded him with a certain defiance—for she waB moved to anger by his obduracy. But if she expected him to winoe under this sudden stab she'was mistaken. " How do I know that this is true?" he said calmly. . ,. , ,. "I am not in the habit of speaking un truths," she said, slightly drawing herself Oh, of course not," he answered. " But all through this matter there has been a good deal of twisting about and misrepresentation. I should like to know from whom Mr. Bethune got this money—and in what form." Well, she was prepared. . . "I suppose you would be convinced, said she, " if T showed you the receipt—a receipt for £5,000, which he signed and gave to George MorriB?" . "Where is that receipt? he asked. "In this house. I will go to your father, and get it. Shall I ask him at the same tune for those other documents which you would not read? Perhaps all taken together they might enable you to realise the truth at last. "No, thank you," said he, coldly. "I know how those other documents were procured. I shall be glad to see the receipt." She hurried away, anxious to strike while the iron was hot, and certain she had already made a profound impression. And so Bhe had, I in one way, all unknowing. When she left the room, he remained standing, gazing, blankly at the sides of the books on the table outwardly impassive, but with his brain work ing rapidly enough. He made nomannerof doubt that she could produce this receipt. He took it for granted that George Bethune had accepted the money. Of course Maisrie had nothing to do with it ; her grandfather kept her in ignorance of his pecuniary affairs; and it would be enough _ for him to say that she must go away with him from England— she was obedient in all things. And no doubt the old {man had been cajoled and flattered into believing he was acting justly and in the best interests of every one concerned; there could have been little difficulty about that. He himself was quick to persuade himself of anything that happened to fall in with the needs of the moment. All this Vincent under stood at once. But when he came to consider that it was his own relatives who had brought upon him all the long torture aud suffering of these by-gone months—and not only that—for what was he or his hidden pain?—hut also that they had driven forth those two tired wanderers once more—the old man who had some wistful notion of ending his days in his own oountry, (the young girl whose maiden eyes (had just made confession of her love secrets—then his heat grew hot within him. It was too cruel. When Lady Musselburgh returned with the receipt in her hand, he took the paper and merely glanced at it. "And whose clever and original idea was this?" he demanded—with what she took to be indifference. . " But Vincent—are you convinced at last?" she exclaimed. "Surely you must see for yourself; now. You will give up thinking of them—thinking of that girl especially when you see what she is"-;— "Whose idea was it to get them sent away" 6"t\?eU, it was my idea," she said, "but your lather paid the money." He was silent for a second or two, and then beeaid slowly, , " And-iyouare.my nearest-.relatives; and tfii« is what you have done, not to me only, but to one who is dearer to me than life. So be it. Bat you cannot expect me to remain longer under this roof, or to sit down at table any where with my cruellest enemies." She turned very pale. _ "Vwoent!" she exclaimed. " It is a question of taking sides, he went on, with perfect oomposure; " and I go over to the other side. They most need help; they are poor and friendless. I hope the mischief you have done is not irreparable; I . cannot tell; but I dare say when you and-I meet again time will have shown." ... She was thunderstruck and stupified; she did not even seek to detain him as he left the room. For there was a curious tax of self possession, of resolution, about his manner; this was no pique of disappointed passion nor any freak of temper. And she could not but ask herself, in a breathless sort of way, whether after all ho might not be in the right about those people; and, in that case, what was this that BDe had brought about? She was frightened—too frightens! to reason with herself, perhaps; she only saw Vincent leaving : his father's roof—cutting himself off from his own family—and she had adumbconscionsness that it was her work, through somo fatal error of judgment. And she seemed to know in stinctively that this step that he had taken was irrevocable—and that she was in some dim way resjroneible for all that had occurred. When Lord Musselburgh arrived, he and Harland Harris came upstairs together; and almost directly afterwards luncheon was an nounced. As they were about to go down to the diningroom the great Communist-capitalist looked round with a little air of impatience and " But where is Vin ?" " He was here a short time ago," said Lady Musselburgh : she dared not say more. Mr. Harris, from below, sent a message to his son's room: the answer—which Lady Mus selburgh heard in silence—was that they were not to wait luncheon for him. "Too busy with his reply to the Mirror" Musselburgh suggested. "Sharp cuts and thrusts going. I wonder that celestial minds should grow so acrid over such a subject as the nationalization of tithe." "Newspaper controversy," remarked Mr. Harris, in his sententious and grandiloquent manner, "is an excellent method of thrashing out any subject; but newspaper controversy with an editor, if you wish to get the best of the argument, is folly. It is not only fighting with a phantom; it is fighting with a phantom who prints what he says in large type, and sends you into the outer sheet." There was some scuffle on the stairs outside, to which nobody (except Lady Musselburgh, whose ears were painfully on the alert) paid any attention; but when a hansom was called up to the front door, Harland Harris happened to look out. "What, is he going off.'somewhere? I never knew any creature, so careless about his meals. I presume his indifference means a good diges tion." "Oh, Vin's digestion is all right," Mussel burh said. " 1 hear he dines every night at the House of Commons—and yet he is alive "But there are his portmanteaus!" Mr. Harris exclaimed; and he even rose and went to the window for a second. Well, he was just in time to see Vincent step into the cab and drive off; and therewith he returned to his place at table, and proceeded in his usual bland and somewhat patronising manner to tell Lord Musselburgh of certain experi ments he was having made in copper-lustre. ! He was not in the least concerned about that | departing cab, nor did he know that that was the last glimpse of his son he was to have for many ana many a day. And meanwhile Lady Musselburgh sate there frightened, and guilty, and silent. And that without reason; for what she had done she had done with the full concurrence and approval of her brother-in-law and her Hancic (as he then was). Yet somehow she seemed to feel herself entirely answerable for all that I had happened—for the failure of all her J schemes—for the catastrophe that had resulted. And the moment she got outside her brother in-law's bouse she began and confessed the I whole truth to her husband. "But why didn't you tell Harris?" said ' he, pausing as if even now he would go hack. "Oh, I couldn't, Hubert; I daren't!", she') said, evidently in great distress. " I was so confident everything would come right—I ad- ! vised him — I persuaded him to pay the £5,000 » " Oh, nonsense 1" was the impatient reply, A man doesn't hand over £5,000 unless he is himself convinced that it is worth while. And he got what he bargained for. Those | people have gone away; they don't interfere any more " "Ah, but that is not all," Lady Mussel burgh put in rather sadly. " I made so sure that Vin would forget—that as soon as the hallucination had worn off a little he would see what those people really were, and turn bis eyes elsewhere; yet apparently he be lieves in their honesty more fiirmly than ever —talks of my going and asking their par don—and the like; and now he has wholly broken away from us—declares he will never be under the same roof with us or sit down at the same table with us. He has gone over to the other side, he says, because they are poor and friendless. Poor and friendless!" she repeated, with a snap of anger—" living on the fat of the land through their thieving 1 And yet " And here again she paused, as if recalling something to herself: "Do you know, Hubert, I was startled and frightened by Vin's manner to-day; for I had suddenly to ask myself whether after all it was possible be might be in the right, and we altogether wrong. Jn all other things he shows himself so clear headed and able and shrewd; and then he has seen the world; you would not take him to be \ one who could be easily deceived. Sometimes I hardly know what to think. But, at all events, this is what you must do now, Hubert: you must get hold of him, and persuade him to go back home before Harland knows anything of what had been intended. He can invent some excuse about the portmanteaus. You can go down to the house to-night, and see him there; and if you persuade him to return to Grosvenor-place, that will be so much of the mischief set straight. That is the first thing to be done; but afterwards " It was quite clear that she knew not what to think, for she went on again, almost as if talk ing to herself— "Of course, if the girl were a perfectly good i and honest girl, and above BUBpicion of every I kind, Vin's constancy and devotion to her would be a very fine and noble thing; and I for one should be proud of him for it.. But as things are it is a monomania—nothing else than ] a monomania 1 He must see that she is in | league with that old man to get money on false-j pretences." "He sees nothing of the kind,"said her hus band bluntly. "She may or she may not be; I know little or notbing about her; but if she is, Vin doesn't see it; you may make up your mind about that" "And yet he seems sharp-righted in other things," said Lady Musselburgh in a pensive sort of way; and then she added:—"How ever, the first step to be taken. is to get him back to his own family; and none can do that eo well as you, Hubert; you are his old friend ; and you stand between us, aa it were. And there's one thing about Vin; he can't disappear out of the way; you can always get hold of him—at the House of Commons. Lord Musselburgh had not been long married ;he did as he was bid. And very eagerly did Vincent welcome his ambassador, when he encountered him in the Lobby. " Come out on to the terraoe. I was just ' going to write to you; I want you to do me the greatest service you oan imagine 1" " Here I am,1 ready to do anybody any number of services," said Musselburgh, as they proceeded to stroll up and down .this dkrk space, with the wide river flowing silently iiy, and the innumerable small beads of gold.) showing where London lay in the dusk. " Only I too happy. And I am in the best position for being mediator, for I have nothing to ■rain from -either side—except, of course, that X should be extremely sorry to see you quarrelling with your relations. That is always a mistake, vin, my boy; bad for you, bad for them. And I hope you will let me go back #itli the important part of my commission dore—that iB to say, I was to persuade you to return to Grosvenor Place, just as if nothing had happened. My wife is awfully upset about it—thinks it is entirely owing to her; whereas I don't see that it is at alb Shehasbeen trying to do her best for everybody—for your father as well as for yourself. And tho notion that you should cut yourself off from your family naturally seems very dreadful to her, and it l can take her the assurance that yon don't mean anything of the kind—very well!" "Oh, but look here Musselburgh, said Vin cent, "you entirely mistake. It was not about that I wished to see you—not at au—on that point it ie useless saying anything. You must assure Lady Musselburgh that this is no piece or temper on my part—nothing to be smoothed over and hushed up. I have seen all along that it was inevitable. From the moment that my aunt and my father took up that position against—against Maisrie Bethune and her grandfather—I foresaw that sooner or later mis must come. I have tried to reason wiih them; I have assured them that their sus picions and their definite charges were as cruel as they were false; and all to no purpose And this last thing, this bribing of an old man, who can be too easily persuaded, to take his granddaughter away with him and subject her to the homeless life she had led for so many years—perhapsthorcare some other considerations I need not mention—this is too much. But I knew that sooner or later a seve ranee would come between them and me) and l amnotunprepared. You wondered atmydrudg ing away at that newspaper work, when my father was allowing me a handsome income. Now do vou see the use of it? I am inde pendent. "I can do as I please. I can t make a fortune; but I can earn enough to live—and ' something more. Let them go tlieir way, as 1 go mine; it has not been all my doing. Lord Musselburgh was disconcerted; but he was a dutiful husband; he went on to argue. He found he might as well attempt to argue with a milestone. Nothing oould shake this young man's determination. "ItoldLady Musselburgh I had gone over to the other side, this time for good,' said he. "We are in apposite camps now. We have been so all along—but not openly. This piece of treachery has been too much for me; we are better apart; I could not sit down at table with people who had acted like that—whatever their motives were. But you, Musselburgh, you were not concerned in that wretched piece 01 scheming; and, as I tell.you. you can do me the greatest possible service. Will you do it. Or will you rather cast m ycur lot with ^"Oh, well," said Musselburgh, rather dis appointedly, "I don't see why I should be compelled to take sides. I want to do my beat /or everybody concerned. I ve just come into the family, as you might say; and it seems a pity there should be any quarrel or break up. I had a kind of notion that we should all of us —hut particularly my wife and myself and you and—and—your wife—I thought our little party of four might have a very pleasant time together, both at home and abroad. My wife and I have often talked of it, and amused our- | selves with sketching out plans. Seems such a Yes,"said Vincent, abruptly, "but there are other tilings in life than going to Monte <i Carlo and staking6f. pieces." "What is this that you want me to do? his friend asked nexte-seeing that those induce ments did not avail. "Well," said Vincent, "I suppose yon know that Lady Musselburgh showed me this morning tire receipt Mr. Bethune gave George Morris for the £5,000. It was a Birnple receipt —nothing more. But everybody knows George Morrifi is not the zn&n; to part with money unconditionally; there must have been arrangements and pledges; and I want to dis cover what Mr. Bethune undertook to do, where he undertook to go. Morns wont tell me, that is certain enough, but he would pro bably tell you." Lord Musselburgh hesitated. I "Why," said he, "you know why that money was paid. It was paid for the express purpose of getting them away—so that you should not know where they are . " Precisely so," said Vincent. And you would therefore be undoing a part of the wrong that has been done them, by your wife and my father." " " Oh, I don't call it doing a wrong to a man to give him £5,000," said Musselburgh, with a touch of resentment. " He needn't have taken the money unless he liked." " I)o vou know what representations were made to"him to induce him to take it? Vin cent said. .. , , "Well, I don't," was the reply. "They settled all that amongst themselves; and I was merely made acquainted with tbe results, it would hardly have been my place to interfere, you see: ifcwasbeforemymarriage, remember; m any case, I don't know that I should bav© wanted to nave any say in the matter. How ever, the actual outcome we all of us know; and you must confess, Vin, whatever persua sions were used, it looks a rather shady trans action." „ . . , . "Yes—on the part of those who induced him to accept the bribe!" Vincent said, b°'^Si, come, come," Lord Musselburgh inter posed, rather testily, " don't he so bigoted. It isn't only your considering that girl to be everything "that is fine and wonderful—I can understand that—the glamour of love can do anything; but you go too far in professing the greatest admiration and respect for this old man. Leave us some chance of agreeing with you, of believing yon sane. For you can t deny that he took the money; there, is the plain and simple fact staring you in the face. More than that, his taking it was the justifica tion of those who offered it; it proved to them that he was not the kind of person with whom you should be connected by marriage. I say nothing about the young lady; I don't know her; perhaps her association all these years with this old—well, I won't call him names has not affected her in any way; perhaps she believes in bim as implicity as you appear to da But as for him; well, take any unpre judiced outsider, like myself; what am I to think when-1 find him accepting this money from strangers?" "Yes," said.Vincent, a little absently, "I suppose, to an outsider, that would .Jook bad. But it ib because you don't know him, Mussel burgh ; or the story of his life; or his circum stances. I confess that at one time there were things that disquieted me; I rather shut my eyes to them; but now that I understand what this man is, and what he has gone through, and how he bears himself, it isn't only pity I feel for him; it iB respect, and more than respect. But it's a long story; and it would have to be told to sympathetic ears; it would be little use tolling it to my father or to my aunt—they have the detectives' veriion before them—they have the detectives' reading of the case." "Well, tell, me, at least," said his'friend. "I want to get at the truth. I have no prejudice or prepossession one way or the other. For another thing I like to bear the best of everybody—and to believe it, if I can; it makes life pleasanter; and I can't forget, either, that it was through ine you got to know George Bethune." It was a long story, as Vincent had said; and it was a difficult one to set in order and in a proper light; but it was chiefly based on whatjhad been told him by the Toronto banker; and Mr. Thompson's generous interpretation of it ran through it alL Lord Musselburgh listened with the greatest interest and atten tion. What seemea mostly to strike him was the banker's phrase—"Call George Bethune an impostor if you like; but the man he has imposed on all his life through has been— George Bethune." "Wellj it's all very extraordinary." he said, when Vincent had finished. " I wish I had taken the trouble to become a little better acquainted with them; one is so apt to judge by the outside; I thought he was merely a picturesque old fellow with a mad enthusiasm about Scotland. And yet I don't know what to say even now. All that you have told mo sounds very plausible and possible, if you take that way of looking at it; and the whole thing seems so pitiable, especially for the girl; he has his delusions and self-confidence—she has only her loneliness. But at the same time, Vin, you must admit that these little weak nesses of his might easily be misconstrued . "Certainly," said Vincent, with prompti tude, "it is just as Sir. Thompson said—if you choose to look at George Bethune through blue spectacles, his way of life must appear very doubtful; if you choose to look at niin through pink spectacles, there is something almost heroic about him. And I think, Musselburgh, if you knew the lion-hearted man a little better, you wouldn't shrink from acknowledging that there was something fine and even grand in his character. As for Maisrie—as for Miss Bethune—she asks for no generous consideration, or forbearance, or anything of that kind; she asks for no leniency of judgment, and needs none; she is beyond and above all that. I know her—none better than I; and she has only to remain what she is—' daas Gott sie erhalte, so schon und rein und hold!"' There was a break in his voice as he spoke. Lord Musselburgh was silent for a moment or two—he felt like an intruder upon, something too sacred. And yet he had his mission; so presently he forced himself to resume "Well, after all, Vin, I think you must grant there is something to be said for your relatives, even if they had been mistaken. They could not know "all that you know—all that you learned in Canada besides; they could only judge from the outside; they could only believe what they heard " "Why did they interfere at all?" Vinoenb demanded, in his turn. " Why had they Mr. Bethune's steps dogged by detectives !" " You should be the last to protest. It was entirely for your sake that it was done." "Yes," said Vincent, with a certain scorn. "It was for my sake they were so ready to suspect—it was for my sake they were so eager to regard everything from the attorney's point of view! They would not take my woraforany thing; they would rather trust to their private enquiry offices. I was supposed to be so easily blinded; the swindlers had such a willing dupe; no reliance was to be placed but on the testi mony of Bpies. What childish rubbish! Why, I introduced my aunt to Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter; she could not find a word to say against them—but her suspicions remained alt the same 1 And then apparently she went and consulted with my father. It was so dreadful that I was being cheated by those two dangerous characters! Couldn't the lawyers and their private enquiry agents—couldn't they make out some story that would appal me? Couldn't they make up some bogey—straw, and an old coal—that would terrify me out of my wits? And then when I wasn't appalled by their idle trash of stories—oh, for goodness sake, get those desperate creatures smuggled away out of the country! No safety unless they were hidden away somewhere. And then they went to the old man; and I can imagine how they persuaded him. The greatest kind ness to every one concerned if only he would fall in with their views ; he would save his granddaughter from entering a family who had mistaken, but undoubted, prejudices against her; and of course they couldn't allow him to put himself so much about without endeavour ing to pay part of the cost. It was so solatium to the young lady—oh, no, certainly not!— probably she was destined for much higher things; and it was no gift to himself; it was merely that the relatives of that hot-headed young man were desirous of pleasing them selves by showing how much they appreciated his, Mr. Bethune's, generosity in making this little sacrifice. Well, they succeeded; but. they little knew—and they little know—what they have done!" Perhaps there was something in the proud and withal disdainful tones of the young man's voice that was quite as convincing as his words p at all events, his friend said— "Well, I sympathise with you, Vin, I do really. But you see how I am situated. Iam an emissary—an intermediary—I want peace " It is no use saying peace where there is no> peace," Vincent broke in. "Nor need there be war. Silence is best. Let what has been done go; it cannot be undone now." "Vincent—if you would only think bow fond your aunt is of you—if you would think of; her distress——" " It was she who ought to have considered first, "was the rejoinder. "Do you imagine I have suffered nothing, before I went to America, and then, and since? But that is of little account. I could forgive whatever has hap pened to myself. It is when I think of some one else—sent adrift upon the world again— but it is better not to talk !" "Well,, yes," persisted Lord Musselburgh, who was.in a sad quandary, for the passionate indignation of this young roan seemed so much stronger than any persuasive argument thatoouldbe brought- against it, "I con per fectly understand how you may consider your self wronged and injured—and how much more you feel what you consider wrong ahd< injury done to others; hut you ought to be a. little generous, and take motives into account. Supposing, your father and your aunt were mistaken in acting as tbey did, it was not. through any selfishness on their nart. It was; for your welfare, as they thought. Surely yoa rauBt grant that to them." " I will grant anything to them in the way of justification," said Vincent, "if they will only take the first step to make atonement for the mischief they have wrought. And that; they can do through you. Tney can tell you. on what conditions Mr. Bethune was per suaded to take the money; bo that I may go to. him, and bring him back—and her." -. "But probably they don't know where he is !" bis friend exclaimed in perfect honesty. " My impression was that Mr. Bethune agreed: to leave this country for a certain time; but of' course no one would think of banishing him to any particular spot." "And so they themselves, don't know where Mr. Bethune has gone ?" said Vincent, slowly. ." I believe not. I am almost certain they, don't. But I will make enquiries, if you like. In the meantime," stud Musselburgh, return ing to his original prayer, "do consider, Vin, and be reasonable, and go back to yourfather's. house to-night. Don't make a split in the family. Give them credit for wishing you, -well. Let me take that message from yon to my wife—that you will go home to Grosvenor piace to-night. " Oh, no," said Vincent, with an air of quiet resolve. "No, no. This is 110 quarrel. This is no piece of temper. It is far more serious than that; and, as I say, I have seen all along that it was inevitable. After what I have told you, you must recognise for yourself what the situation is. I hrve spoken to you very freely and frankly because I know you wish to I he friendly, and because I think you want to see the whole case clearly and honestly. Hut how could I talk to thein or try to explain ? Do you think I would insult Miss Bethune by offering them one word of excuse, either on her behalf or on that of her grandfather? No, and it would be no use besides. Thev are mad with prejudice. No doubt they say I am mad with prepossession. Veiy well; let it stand so." Lord Musselburgh at length perceived that his task was absolutely futile. His only chance now was to bring Vincent into a more placable disposition by getting him the information he sought, but he' had not much hope on that score, for people do not pay £5,000 and then at once render up all the advantages they fancy they have purchased. So here was a deadlock, lie moodily saidto himself, as he walked away home to Piccadilly. And as for Vincent ? WelL as it chanced, on the next morning—it was a Wednesday morn ing—when he went across from the West minster Palace Hotel to the House of Com mons, and got his usual little bundle of letters, the very first one that caught his eye bore the Toronto postmark. How anxiously he had looked for it from day to day, wondering why Mr. Thompson had heard no news, and becom ing more and more heartsick and hopeless as the weary time went by without a sign, and behold here it was at last. 