A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its I commercial sense, is a "free market." In other a words, a "fair" means a market at which all and every may purchase or not without bema subjected to fee or tax, and nso where all and every can sell with Li out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communlcation whichhas resulted, these fairs have pretty well died ouat,amatterperhaps fo regret, in some respects, v but inevitable under the changed condition of the Snational life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown. indeed t veirlittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-headcolonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened e energies and intelligence of the last half century. r Life, too, though longer in it average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is ) sought in all directions todoas much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. Ta? , however, is not a matter to marvel. If we ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could opsma1 an. . Thu arsangs earning mapaity. and therefore of expenditireis a"-hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed tha Ina those "good old days" which sentimentalisa ane continually regretting-people,bythe way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: " Lt Lscience, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our ownnobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as edne tionanda higherinteligencehave taught themhowto spend it wisely, we find greatestablishments, such as For and Gihson's, of mith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it. i to supply to a well-to-do population, the eomforts, the necessaries, the elegancie and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We hare said that fairs are unknown in'Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantio Fair, and to use a graphie, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression. "it is a eight 'to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foyand Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and preys of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse--an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ban hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of tho?e splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. ed. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiltleosslovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, is: impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - fiu of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the ealcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup. pose that Measrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establislnent of these fairs, took into re koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en. terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckontheir profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of- an m. creased popular contentment. There is another lesountolearn fromthese fairs, and that Is,thatin the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or cosplicsted, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establiashment is governed, are even as the lawn of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience-and large business ex perience, controls er.ry detail of the buast. ness, so that matters go on like machinery, sand to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some ?deamay be formed by those who have nevr visited Foy and Oibeon'ds premises .of their shse when we Inform them that the frontage extende 220ft. to Smith street, and that there in a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The pee show rooms, Yl" with the costliest of feminine raiment an enormous apartments.. We onder if ghosts of depated belles asseinmble here o' nights mad, amidt dainty iaie and relvete, and tasce, and othes hewilderingamatters, taste again. ome slight fsio s of the deh f olintonce mayed them In SL ? i . We onosibelve Sn ghisets, but, w have Shakeseare' authority that there are more things In heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the card that ghostsa! de pated fair ones do reaviit these scenes of fest delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, havin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blas. and played out; For such people there is but one resorrce-?patent- medicines.-fAoivT.l 