Figure Seven. Strange Tilings Told about it. "Did yon ever consider how prominent a part tho figure 7 plays in the hietoi/ of the world? I daro say yon havo not." The cpeaker was a well-known New York iosuranoe man, and hs was addrecc'ng a World reporter. " It is remarkable," he continued, " and if yon will jot down what I tell you about the numeral, I dare say yon will find it very inter esting. In tho first place, when God made the world He rested on tho 7th day. There are 7 days in a week ; thore ore 7 letters in the name Jehovah. We all know of the 7 fat and 7 lean kino ; the 7 years of plenty and the 7 years of famine ; tbo 7 fruitful oars of ooia and the 7 barren ears. Jacob served 7 years for Bacbel, was obeated with Leah, and waited 7 years more for his reward. Laban, his father-in-law, followed Jacob for 7 days, and when Jacob died Joeeph lamented 7 dayB. At the siege of Jericho 7 priests with 7 trumpets went around the oity, and at the 7th bloat tho walls foil. Seven times 10 Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alexandrian library. Whoa Peter asked, 'Lord, how many times must I forgive my brother; is it enough 7 timeo?' Jesus re plied : ' I say uuto you, not 7 but 70 times 7.' "'A juat man fells 7 times and risethnp again,' says the proverb. There are 7 attributes of the Almighty ; 7 gifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 supplications in the Lord's Prayer ; the Catholio Churoh has 7 sacrament: ; there weto 7 wonnds on Christ on tho orosa. In Revelations there are 7 angels with 7 ohalioes filled with divine wrath ; also 7 lamps with 7 flames aro there mentioned. Rome is built on 7 bills, as are oIbo Constantinople, Nuremberg, Hamburg, and Lisbon. We all know of tho 7 sleepers, the 7 youthful Christian martyrs, who escaped to a cava near Ephcsus, fell osloop, and slumbered for two conturioB." "Thoro are 7 wondora of the world, 7 wise men of Greeoo ; Mobomot had 7 heavens in bis psradieo ; during tho 7 years' war undor Fredcriok II. history mentions 7 vory im portant battles ; the war in Spain between tho Carbsts and Christians laetod 7 yoars, and the Franoo-FrnBBian war lasted 7 months, and tho Seventh Regiment was the first to distinguish itself; ana hero iu Now York the Seventh Regiment is the crack militia body. Ancient Thebes, alio Athens, Bagdad, and Moroooo ; eaoh had 7 gates; 7 oitloa claimed the honour of hoing Homer's birth plaoo; thoro wero 7 steps to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king, ana 7 Bteps to tho throno ot Solomon. " The human head has 7 openings, the River Nile 7 mouths ; there aro 7 Canary Ijlunds, 7 Iona Islands, 7 colours in the raiubow, 7 tones to a mualoal goals, 7 prooions mct .ls, 7 stars in tho constellation of Pleiades ; thore aro 7 cardinul virtues; the entranco to tho celebrated dome at Cologne has 7 pillars sat up on 7 pedestals, surmounted by 7 statuoa. "That is all I can think of at present, but I think it will show that 7 is the most prominent of all tho numerals." 