Pride and Its Ramifications. . (By the Eev. Alex.' White; D.D.) ' These six things doth the Lord hate ; yea, seven are an abomination unto ;Him:. a proud look. . . .' — Proverbs yi.,16. , Pride, according to the groat masters ' in-'tho spiritual life, 'is the master sin of man, the master sin of Satan, the root; and fountain of evil in the human heart and will; and, so far as I can follow tholn, I believe what; they say. So far as ,'? I have 'believed them, I have found them .true. There'foreDarite places it first, be ?, ;cause they ; who had searched into the , ' nature; of the human heart tad come back' .and. proclaimed (that, the root of. sin in ? man was pride. In it there is most of ?self,' and; if I. may say so, least of God. It is furthest away from the ^Divine nature, most hostile to the Spirit of God Incarnate, who washed His disciples' feet the last night they saw His face! ? The proud man must bo first ; .he'will have no one .beside him, no one even second to him.' Pride is Satan's original sin, and the proud man is his son and heir.- Again and again we find the apostles beseeching the candidates of glory to put on humility. It. is impossible to give a ?definition ot that' of which the chief of ?our masters only see the far-off glimmer ings.' Illustrations strike closer than definitions, however good they may be ; ?definitions and logic and theology do not ?sanctify. 'It has not pleased God to sanotify ?people by dialectics,' and so the poorest servant girl here has a better chance than the greatest scholar, because she is nearer the illustration. Dante saw when climb ing up the mountain that which won his heart. He saw pictures of humility which made him bow down before them. Every pillar was carved with all kinds of piotures of pride ; and consideration, like an angel, came and whipped the offend ing Adam out of him. And as he went on, drinking in lessons in humility, he soon came to the holy stair, where angels embraced: him, saying, ' Blessod are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.' It was illustrations that broke his heart. We are not able to understand Dante ; ?hut just go home to your drawing-rooms, .your workshops, your offices, your kitchens, and you will find plenty of sins ?sculptured on the walls there — pictures ?of your own pride. A sanctifying lesson ? is to be best got in your own disordered ?house at home. When, you go back you ?can hardly find breathing room, your 'House is so filled with pride. You will ?find plenty .of illustrations among your A children, between servant and mistress, husband, and wife, iriinister'^and elder ; ?you have not to go far. And then what beauty there is in evangelical humility ! You see pride's work- in every page of history— a general losing an army be cause he is too proud to take advice from an inferior, a seaman losing his ship be ?cause ho will not confess he has lost his reckoning, a statesman rather ruining his party than taking counsel from a subordi nate, a merchant rather scattering his business than taking in a partner, a minister, starving and dispersing a great congregation rather than taking a col league, fathers ruining their families rather than stooping to say they have been, living. on the wrong tack. The mountain of purgatory is towering up in your own homes. How was Dante's besetting sin healed ? It was because of the many chastisements he saw, and the sweet encouragements which were given to him. He thought a .proud Christian almost inoredible. What a contradiction it is ! Christian, humility is quite possible. How are we to get it ? I will tell you for the thousandth time Enter into your own hearts, leave the re ligion of the w.hited sepulchre, and go into your own hearts. And what do we find there? What we do not like to characterise ; and we must do this. You must, else vou will never be saved. You must leave this life, whoever lives in it — this life of the whitod sepulchre — and scar by scar, rottenness . by. rottenness, the cleansing must go on. There are no -other terms. What will . the man say there, at the judgment throne, that has smuggled you out of your souls by intro spection P Examine yourselves. Ask, Why was I so angry with my neighbor ; why was it? It was pride. Ho did not make enough of me, I thought. I found I was not such' almighty important per son, after all. I was weak and ill be cause of that wound my pride received, because' of that slight. Why did I turn my back on my oldest friend, the man who took me for an apprentice, he who was my best man on my marringe day, he who sat beside mo on my first. com- munion — why have I turned ? from him P Because he would not take up. my onininn. because he would not do mv bidding. The misery and woo that pride does the last day will scarcely tell. In the second place, welcome the things that humiliate you. You think that' is scarcely possible P Yes it is ; we must welcome' them. Wo wore not sent here solely for our own comfort, hut to bo made useful in the moral, and spiritual world. Yes ; a man may come to welcomohis humiliations. Wot at the first blush, of course.' If a manuwere thoroughly, sanotified ho ? would : do it at the first blush. But most will do it after they have gone into ;their closet and shut their door. -So you- can thank ; God for that scornful word, that contemptuous estimation, for all that humbles you- and casts'ybu'dpwn' in your 'own 'eyes and the eyes, of others./ :, Ah, there are wonderful .things, go .on., inside., locked' doors '^'bf a praying man ! Ail'things' are ordered by God,for our .sanctification. '.'? ' Awful as the . -world's ruins . are, method is ? there, planned by the Master of it. How won derful 'His workings are 1 Seventy times a day He casts our self-esteem. That makes a man go on his knees — makes him a little child. How wonderful it .all is ! This world is a great room in which the Holy. Ghost is, working out for every child of God a garment of humility,' that we may be clothed upon with the mar-, riago garment of.the Lamb.. Ho, makes us humble and contrite in our own hearts, for ' of such is the Kingdom of Heaven.' ?????. A great master in the spiritual' life gires fourteen exercises for a man desir ing the grace of humility. ' Fourteen exer cises! ^W^b, then, can bo saved P I tell you, you are not begun yot.;, If any of you had a drunken husband, you would try a great many recipes to get him back to be the man ho. was when you gave him your hand before the minister so many weary years ago, would you not?/ Eichard Baxter says, 'Pride is worse than whoredom: and drunkenness.' You do not believe that P You do not know the A B 0 of morals and religion yet. While whoredom' and drunkenness are slaying their thousands, prideis slaying its' tens of thousands. One of the fourteen exercises for a_ proud man— I will only give you one — is this ; Let him recall the greatest sin he ever did (I know men who make an evangelical, virtue of for getting their sins ; I pity them from the bottom of my : heart), let him call back the meanest thing, the most despicable thing he ever did, and lethim lay it to his proud' heart to reduce its swelling. When your wife ventures to say some thing to vou in a bright hour which your pride has kept her from saying, and you almost strike her with the hand you first took her by, remember the thing you did before you saw her blessed and sanctify ing face. Then you will pray the proud man's prayer, ' O God, Who gives grace to the humble, give grace to the proud man. Take from mo the spirit of pride and haughtiness, teach me to loye my brother's' worthiness, to .delight in '\ his praises^ . to excuse his errors, to give; Thee thanks for his graces, to: rejoice in all the good that ho receives, and ever to believe and speak better things of him than of myself. Oh, teach me to love to be concealed and little esteemed ; let me be truly humbled, and heartily ashamed of my sin and folly ; teach me to bear reproaches evenly, for I have deserved them ; to suffer reproof thankfully, to amend all my faults speedily. May I be gentle to others and severe to myself, sitting always in tue iowosjg place. ' Create in me a clean heart, O God, The sacrifices of Sod area broken .spirit. A humble 'and contrite . heart, O.Lord, Thou, wilt not despise.' Such discipline and- such prayers are recommended by men who have made experiment of Divine life, and have made mastership of it. ? ? 