SOME OURIOUS INVENTIONS. A contributor to the .At ",c k W,, r 1" orll has been amusing himself by rtmnaaging among thoe sp?cimotns of now inventions stored in the Patent Oflice at TWashington. Many of them are amusing, and sonse decidedly crazy. A PRLAOTICAnILE .tA?Y. ANs . 11E..STICrI COW. There are, perhaps (the writer tells us) two thousand toys in one division of the Patent Olice, and one of the lItest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. Tiis doll is patented by a German, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a bottle filled with uemuine milk on ta little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass piip-e which rins into the bottle, and, gozns into the mn, hI of the child, runl down behind andt through the d ll into the p In. By mleans of a syphon, which comes oat through the doll's headi, machinery is tot to work by which the doll begins to tsuck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of antrou the same order is the toy cow,_ which can be milked;_ The cow is made of wood,:or metal, and has a'tauk inside it. The ilventor states that the naction of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and he has in addi tion an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews her and while being milked. PATE.T CATS. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 188t. It is a eat of paste-boeard or tin for the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, so that it shines in the dark like a cat of fire. Another eat, equally funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which is worked bycoloekwork and has a bellows inside it which swells up its tail to the sizre of the minadest of Toms.. If properly set it will emit a noise e.lual to the wildest of inidnight eaterwaulers, and it has in addition steel claws and teeth. You wind it up, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. FOBCINS ItEMS TO L.AY ECOS. There is a patent machine here for foreit'g hons to lay eggs, and there are numnerouns others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent lien drops her egg on -a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cow's tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adjustable false tail for horees. ADJUSTABLe PULPrTS.. T 'he lover's gate consists of a gatelwhich? will swing both ways, and which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same principle i the adjust able pulpit, which will fit all kinds of prenoaers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by proesing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. BEAUTIFUL. NOSES. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The nose-improver is one of the most curioas of these patents. It has made,' it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and ,it. consists of a metal shell formed of two p:irts; which are contiested by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman. or Grecian. as you prefer, and it does all its, work at night. The patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly. softened. After this the ia-. prover is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. AantrccAL oaiosra. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbers. After every great grave-robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one collin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from itat"suclh a distance that when set in the earth it would be impos sible to move it except ly a derrick. 