Novelist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; ' OH,' JTintly, flUctwyiiriV Spectre ' 7 . Br Mtts. IixnuiET Lbw)s. "CHAPTER XVfl.— (Continued ) \- " No," said Bert/lee, "I cnonot acknow 1 ledge that 1 dm Lady Cbctwynd." " It Isn't necersrr. I kmw you. Who 7 rescued 'yon from your c<», lin f Wits it GIN bqrt Monk? What was the matter with you lu yuui Minus? Hove cainc he to rrscuo you ?" . " Why do you ask me all these questions ?" asked li&tiiic;". "I cannot answer liitiu, Lctrr.ogo. Let mf go, I say." " By no mentis, 1 haven't hi gun to pprnk to you yet. Wo are likely to l»u inlet i'uptcd here," raid Rngce. 11 Come with inc. Do not hang back, 1 shall nut hurt yon," She grasped BurniccVnrm yet mure tightly and hurried her forward with swift 1 in- , pilllOUOO. illU) imiiigeil UllU puniUUB UI fcllU I park which Cornice had never visited. And at last they camo out upon the border of a .lovely little lake, formerly much . used in. winter by the Chetwyndo and their guests as a skating pond. The lake was lower than tho Burfaco of tho park, and was enclosed by high hanks, whloh were covered with statoly trees. Tho > borders ol, tho lake were in shadow, but Its f. centre lay in the full bIiCcd of themoou-' light, and looked like some great pelluqid . pearl, \- Tboro wrb upon ono bank of the lako a small overhanging chalet oi tho Swiss order \- of architecture, which has bceu built for. tho . U8Q of skaters in winter. Its lower story opened directly from lbo lake, and was . warmed in time of uso by n little German : porcelain stove. Its upper story, reached . upon tho laudward side by a flight of stairs, was provided with a . great wldo balcony- across its. entire front, whero . spectatcTJ hnd been wont to sit nud view tbo . . skaters. The upper, room of the chalet wao com : pletely furnished, and was usually kept ' locked. Old Ragec had lately supplied her self with tho keys of the building, with a view to ber prcaeut u.se of iL , . She balC led, Imif dragged her victim up tho long, airy flight 0| outside stairs -to; tho upper balcony of .the clmlot. The . . roof was wido and projecting, and tho bal cony lay in deep shadow, Tbo Hindoo hur ried .Bernice along in the gloom to tho door : . thiit gave upon tho upper room; and there halted. Tbero were rustic cbniis and sofas in profusion upon tho wide balcony. \- Rageo seated her captive upon a sofa and sat down beside her, keeping a cloao hold upon her, ' : They were upon the water side of tho building, and tlie'nntiro structure concealed tbom from view from the direction whence ; thoy had conio. The lako lay beforo them, and was under their very balcony, and be yond were the dark and wooded shores also belonging to the park. Rngeosbot a keen / gianco'into thoBe distant shadows, and then, convinced that in. tho deep Bbado of tho overhanging room she could not' be seen oven from;the lako, sho turned again to her yonng O'plivO, '' Wo are alone," she said, in a : voico that thrilled ncmico with a strnugo torrbr. " Alono, my. lady 1 Do you eompre- bend?'.1; ' . : . ".Yes," faltered Bernice; " We are alone." "Aro you afraid ?" >" No.; Why Bhould lbo? Rut It Is all . . . so strange Lot mo go, Ragec.' Ob, lot me » go!" .. - : . > "..There, you have confessed in tbo utter , ance of my name, that yon aro Lady Obet- : ovyhd. Now I ask you again, and I ask it for tho last time, what .was tho matter with you in your illness ?" . Sho struck n .taper, which sho drew from a boxln her pocket, and held the light to the girl's face. Tbe face waB very palelrom emotion nnd 7earilu,6.l, bpt thcro wdb a .. bravo ; aud dauntless light upon it, that v '' pminated from a biave nnd dnuntlees soul. And though Rcrnlce. ns be/urn, refused to . answer tho question, tho'old Hindoo womau ; searched her features in vain fur any .knowledge of tho wicked attempts upon her ladyship's life. U war, evident that Monk had not betrayed to her his sister's . guilt " If you were to ask mo fh?se questions all night," said Rvrnico, " I still couid not nuBwer you, Yuu aro wa-Hliug timo on nie." Somothlng of the truth began to draw on . - the mind of the astute East India woman. Hho began to prcceive that Rcrnico was fettered by soma prumfsu given to Gilbert Jlonk. Kvid.u.tl.v ho was keeping the girl secluded fur a, purpose. Did he mean . . treachery to bis sister ? . I suppose," Rgee said roughly, " that v you aro bound by some oath, tuy lady; " v. VVhat arn yuu cluing at Cbctwynd Park i playing ghost? Yuu have changed, grown (.beautiful, too, I unppogi! ; but what will your beauty avail yuy V Vrimp yon think to' win back you former baahand? Ypu Y ' migut as well try to win .buck your lost babyhood, " pi . . Tbo light of tliu taper flickered and went out, and the two were again m the shadow. Tlic Hindoo woiniui culd h it scp how her words affected her hearer, and went on harshly : " Lord Olictwynd is greatly annoyed at tho.npponrance of your supposed apparition. He threatcua to leave, the Park if ho is further hauuted. And it Is natural that It should bo bo,", continued the old Hindoo woman, with a fierce intonation. "When people die, they should stay dead. Tbo post violent. &rtot; wlU went away, au tho mourners All tho dead oho's ' piaco with a new love; find tho return of the. dead to Hfo Would provu most awkward and embarrass ing. I'm sorry for you, my lady, but for tho sake of others I must tell you the truth. Lord Cbctwynd don't want you back. Ho isimppy with hiu fiibt levo, and she adores Inm. You will como back to tbe homo where you bavo loog since coased to be missed, nnd where you arc not wanted. Your' return to Hfo and houio will crcato more misery than your supposed death." Every word of thin speech pierced to Bernico'a vory soul, yet she did not cry nor moan. Tho words were but a ropctiiion of tboso with which Gilbert Monk had bo cruullystnbbod bor. It was as ho had said— horplaco was filled, and she was forgotten. Tuo girl. nroso—Rngco loosening her grip upon, her — and walked nnstcadlly up tbo low railing of tho batcony and lenned npon it, 8iio was too weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her somo mo ments with a singular gleam In her cycB, and'n look of hatred so intenso that it was odd tho girl could not feel it. Then Bagco rose silently and crept across tho balcony toward the girl till she arrived within some three or four feet of her. -And tbon, with the bound of a wild beast, and an inarticu late cry on hor Hps, alio burled herself for ward upou the slender girl, caught her up in her arms, and flung her over tho balcony into tho waters of the lako. Bcrnlcc's scream and her splash in tho cold water wero simultaneous. Old Rageo leaned upon tho balcony,, and looked over in tho darkness. Sbo was not prepared for tbo sight that met her ayes, Rcrnico was striking out with ono nrm focbly, but wilh tho, skill of a swimmer, lor a instant point ox tuo shore. Tuo girl e instinct warned her to avoid tbo banks adjacent to tbe chalet, whero her enemy would bo likely to prevent hor land ing- The old woman muttered a curse la her native tongue. " 8he can swim like a fish," she muttered. " I hod forgotten that sho was taught to row and Hwiiu and sail a boat at St. Ktlda. Sho strikes out fur tho deeper water. Sho seems to laud at that jnuglc-Hkc point yonder. What courage I What coolness 1 She'll outwit mo yet. Ah, she begins to flag. She uses but ono arm in swimming, Why is that? She must have struck the other on thnt pUo of stones just under the surface of the water. iVrhaps her arm is broken. She stups. She is hurt, or chilled, or has a cramp !' . Sho' was right. Bernico had censed to ex ert herself. She floated on thu water as if hclplc&s;, nnd then threw np ono nrm wiklly. The next inoincut, with a wild scream, she sank slowly in the dark waters, which cluscd above her. " Shels drowned I" muttered the Hindoo woman, with a jubilant laugh. "I'll come to look for her body in the morning, and every day until I find It. No ono must ever know that she came back to life, 1 rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, thnt I have frus trated your schemes- .The ghost of Ohct- wynd Park is laid, mid my Miasy will he 7«ndy Uhetwynd, with no one to iotent her. We'll see htm my lady will ralso from her grave the second time." With a horrible laugh on her shrivelled lips, the old Ilinduo Woman flitted down iuu ui me uincony auu piungcu iuiu tho shadows of thu park, taking a borne- wnrd direction, and leaving Dernice to her fate! CHAPTER XVIII. > DKPAUTUilE NKCESOAttY. Wo will now return to Lord Olictwynd, whom we left flying through Cbctwynd Park In pursuit of the supposed Bpoctro of his lust young bride.. When Bernico bad turned aside Into a yet more obsouro path, ' the young marquis dashed on. in tho wider avenuo, unconscious' tbnt she had changed her course, and soon left her far behind, as wo bavo narrated. Bis progress was toward tho great house; and when at length ho slaokencd- his speed, with the conviction that the apparition bad indeed .vanished, bo was !n the edge of tho park,' upon tho very border of the wooded He halted a moment In indocision aud be wilderment. . Aud just then Gilbert Monk oame across the lawn with aswiftBtrido,and approached him, Lord Chetwynd, in bis cacitemcut and agitation shrank back into tbe shadow, net caring to bo seen ; but Monk hftd caught a glimpse of the outlines of hiB dark figuro, and called to him softly, and in a suppressed voice: "Hallo, there,! Is it you, Flack? I'vo tracked my game into tho park. Wo must look lively— Ah 1— tho dovil t Is it you, my lord?" His swift atrido had brought him close to tho marquis. Ho recoiled iu horror ns ho recoguised his lordship, nnd grow deadly pnlo lest bo had betrayed himself, But tbe marquis had scarcely heard Monk's singular address, and had cortalnly given no heed to it. Ho'was nbaorbcJn bis own be wildering experience, and bad no thought save for that. «Have you seen anytbiug— nuybody— coming this way, Monk?" asked his lordship, "Not a soulj my lord," answered Monk, eagerly. "Aro you looking for sorao ono?" .; " Yea— no. It must bavo been my imagi nation—no, I owear it was not that, I can not explain or understand it,' bat I saw bor again bat now, Gilbert, in tho park I" "Her — Uernico? Impossible, my lord. You must havo 'seen one of tho house-maids coming trora a tryst— " "What I Do I not know every feature of the face that has lain eo often in my bosom ? —tho faco that is graven on my vory soul ? I tell you ,T saw hor, Monk, Sho flitted on before me. and .vanished into the' shadows." ' Where did vou sco tho fancied sceptre.?" " In thoLittfe Beech Walk, just out of the Beech Avenue." " I'll take a run in that direction just to satisfy you, Cbctwynd, that, tho appearance was that of a houac-mnid, or otso a bnlluoi- nntion. You should get into tho house im mediately and sit by tho firo, Chetwynd. Lot Sylvia doso you a little. I am persuaded that you nro not well." Without waiting for a response, Gilbert Monk turned away abruptly and hurried to the Little Beech Walk and to its junction with the Reccii Avenue — two wcli-kuown points in tho extensivo and well-kept park, lie followed tho Walk to Us junction with the narrower and obscure path into which Rcrnico had turned, Ho paused hero, with a conviction that Bernico, had plunged into this path, So strong was his conviction thnt hu Btruck a fusee nnd by its light ex amined narrowly the shadowed path into which but few beams of moonlight pene trated, His Uoeu eyes speedily discovered traces of the sirugglo between tho old Hindoo woman and Berntuo. "1 see," ho muttered, "flho has been here — nndso bdo someono else. Tboro aro marks of a struggle. Flack mustbavo seen find captured her. That's It. Sho Is in Flack's bands. But whero has ho taken her? Ho would naturally carry her to the most secluded spot within a reasonable distance. He has probably Lnkoa bcr to tbo skaters' chalet by tho Wido Waters. Ho has keys to the chalet, which I procured for htm. Yes, he 1ms gono there," Without an instant's furthor delay ho flung his btirncd- ont, fusee upon tbo ground, and struck out through tho park by a short cut toward tbo skaters' pbalot, As ho ncarod bis destination, a wild scream — that uttered by Bernioo as she fell Into thu lako from tho balcony of the chalet, when burled over the parapet by the old Hindoo woman— smote his hearing. Ho quickened bis speed into a run, mut« torisgi / .> m "Curse that doltl Why does Lo let her yell like that? D.» s lie mean to let her arouse the county V Coetwynd may bo be hind me, fur aught I know. Why dccau'i Flack gng the girl V ' JJc almost (lew along tho path in his eager hcsb to reach tho ncenc, hio ems strained I catch the sound of voices or a repetition v , the scream. lie saw nothing iu his patbwu; —heard uothing, ' But suddenly— so suddenly as to deprivi him of his breath — he camo in hhrnpt ami forcible contact with a person running in the opposite direction. This person was old Itngcc. Tho collision was equally unex pected to her, and hurled her to the ground half senseless.;; Mouk caught tils breath and put bis hand to bis chest, against which tho old Hindoo woman's head had bounded as if projected from a catapult. He believed that tbe par tially stunned oreaturo at his feet was Ber nico, who had escaped from Flack. Ho bent over tho prostrate figuro, and the old woman made an effort to arise. " Bernico," said Munk. in a gasping voico, "arc you hurl? Good Hnaven i" A stray beam of moonlight fell upon the dull red turban aud dusky visage of the old Hindoo ayah, revealing her identity most unmistakably. lie stood as if paralysed, as sbo slowly rose to her feet moaning feebly. "Whnt nro you dolog here, nnd at this hour?" demanded Monk, "What aro you after, Rageo ?" Tho old woman unclosed bor lips to make respooso, but at that instant camo again tbe shrill, frightened scream of a woman in mor tal peril. Monk waited to nsk no questions. Ho comprehended that Rcrnico wn.1 iu danger, lie swept the cowering old Hiudoo woman from his pnth with one powerful arm, and bounded on toward tho borders of the lake. He gained the bank. He directed ono keen, sweeping glauco at (ho chalet, and then scanned the lake, upon whose surface, save at tho ahr.Jowcd borders under tbo trees, lay tbo broad sheen of the pnlo moon light. All I whnt wns that ? A dusky hco-l In the bright skimmer of tho moonbeams 7 A human head bobblug liko a ooik upon the waters? It rose— it fell! And now a low, shuddcriDg cry camo from it. And now it begnn to sink slowly under the shimmering waters I Monk did not wait to reason, or to think how Bcrolco enrne to bo in tho lake, nnd so far out. Ho saw that she was there, and pulled off Ids bcots and coat and plunged into tbe lake, striking out and making to- ! ward bcr with tho skill nod swiftness of a strong and powerful swimmer. He was soon at her side. Her eyes were staring, Sho looked like ono dead. Ho drew her to bim with ono arm nnd struck out for the little submerged pier under the chalet. Ho gained tho pier and climbed upon it, still holding his burden tightly. Ho waded along tho pier to lbo lower door of tho chalet, in the shadow of tbo wido projecting balcony overhead. He produced keys from bis pocket and .unlocked the door, and en teres! the lower room of tho chalet. Ho staggered across the room with his burden and laid bcr down upon tbo sofa In , tho darkness. Then bo secured tho door and struck a fusee. By it light bo obtained from a corner closet a lautcrn, which bo uuiuu. jiu mruuu mo iiguv oi iiiis laaiura full upon tbo faco of tbo half- drowned girl. " Sho looks like dead," he mattered. " If she is dead, my game is up! My fortunes hang on hor life I" In a great panic ho felt her pulse, and laid his hand nbovo her heart. Ho could just distinguish tho feeble pulsations, and hn knew that she lived. Setting down th lantern, ho hurried again to the closet. Here was kept various stores for the uso of tho skaters, and various rcrao dies in case of accident. Monk found them all. Ho poured a draught' of brandy into, a tumbler, nnd forced It between the girl's white lips. He ohafod her hands, oven while ho shivered with cold and excitement. And' presently ber staring eyes relaxed their stony, unmeaning gaze, and her form quivered, nud a great throb at her heart sent tho blood bounding through all ber veins and arteries, quickening . tbo pulses at her wrist and reddening tho death-palo cheeks and lips Monk redoubled his exertions, chafing her delicate hnnds and pouring yet more brandy down her throat. She choked a littlo, coughed, nnd uttered a low moan. "Bernice I" cried Monk, softly — "Bernico, speak to me." ' Tbo young mnrchioness turned her oyes. upon him in a glance of recognition, and feebly uttered his namo. "Yes, it is I— Gilbert," he said. "Why do you look around you in sudden fear ? No one can-harm you, Cornice. I found you drowning. I saved your life to-night for tho second time. There, don't speak, Bor- nice. I'll have a fire directly,- and get tho bettor of the chill that Is on us both." In ndditlon td tho Gorman porcelain stove, there was n grate in tbe lower room of tbo chalet. Gilbert Monk found a few bundles of fagots in the closet, and soon bad a fire blazing ou the hearth, Tbo resinous odor of pine filled the room with fragrance. Tbe Subtle heat penetrated to evory corner. "Now, Bernice," said Monk, approaching ber, " lot me lead you a fow turns about tbo room. You aro weak, I know, but those wet garments will give you your death. Gomol" He lifted ber gentlv from the sofa, and supporting her carefully, led her to and fro tbe room. She leaned on bim heavily. Her white silk robe, saturated with- water , clang to her figure, nnd lay upon tbo floor in dis colored folds. Her wet hntr hung over ber shoulders, dripping at every movement, Her bars arms gleamed like wet marble. After a fow turns about tbo room, Bernico sat down again upon tbo sofa, wbito with pain, "I hurt my arm falling from the bal cony," she said, "It pains me. Is it broken?" , It was ber left arm. Monk examined it with solicitude. No bono was, broken, but tbo. wrist was sprained, and tbo arm was badly bruised; . "lean do nothing for it," he said. "You thuot not. uso the arm, Bernice. It la a flimplo' sprain, but requires a Bootliing lini ment, It will be all right in a week, if it is well cAicd for, and It shall be my business to see that it is proporiy tended. Do you know whero vou ate, Bomlcc ?" " Yes ; In tho chalet," answered Bernico, looking around her with tbo first token of interest In her surroundings which sho bad yet displayed. And tbcnBbo told him of her .encounter with Rageo, and tho old ayah's attempt to kill her by tossing bcr Into the lako. Monk started. Ho hnd forgotten until this moment, in tho greater excitement of tho rescue and reiusoltation of Bernice, of his meeting and collision with tho old Enat In dian woman. Bernico noticed how his faco whitened. . Monk took a eolltory turn or two about tho room. Tho conviction that old Rageo had pitted herself against him whs by no moans pleasant. . A portion of his socrct was laid bare to tho ayah and his sister, and ho began to fear that they would contrive to obeat him out of the prizo for which ho was striving. Ho know the old Hindoo woman to bo more subtle than a scrpont, and ho hardly dared hopo that ho might outwit her. He was afraid of her. " Bornlco," ho said, abruptly, " who is your best friend?" "You arc, tho young marchioness an swered, simply, with a childlike trust in him that' ought to havo appealed to his better nature. J " "Yes, I am your beBt frlond, Bernice. J rescued you from your very gravo. I found a safe and pleasant home for you, I have proved my true friendship for you. WiU you trust mo to tbo uttermost, Bornloa ? WiU you beed my wishes, nnd let me take yon back to Mawr Oiislh;?" Tbo girl's faco grew paler, but she replied bravely " I owe you everything, as you say, Gilbert. \ud if you wish, 1 will go back to Wales— d-anl Jcfivo Roy and the dear home I . avo loved— and— nnd all — " "And the murderous old Hindoo ayah, 'ho will not rest until sho destroys your ifo |" interposed Gllboit Monk ; " that is, if yon remain hero, 1 must get you out' of herjcacb. Tbo old creature is devoted to Sylvia, and sbo knows that Sylvia la be trothed to Ohotwyod, and she fears that you; mean to prevent thoir marringo. Their marriage would be. legal, .of course— you be ing dead Iu law after you bavo been buried ns (load— but your reappearance would cause a scandal. Besides, oylvin bos too much genorosity to marry Roy if sbo know you to be living.. And so this misguided old creature, having discovered that you live, and desiring to Bccure Chetwynd's and Sylvia's happiness, made up hor mind to re move you. Sbo won't rcBt until Bho baa ac complished her Intention, unices I bide you from her." " Then take mo back to Wales, Take mb away, Gilbert, tills very night." " Sirs. Growl is over at Eastbourne in lodgings, and Flack is somewhere about ttio grounds. I will send him to Obstwynd-by- Sea, for a fly, and you shall bo driven over to Eastbourno to Mrs. Growl's lodgings. You can remain In ber rooms untU to-mor row evening, and tbon proceed to London, .veiled or disguised, by tbo express, Mrs. Crow and Flack will take you back to tbo castle." " My clotbes are wet," said Bernice. " I am vory uncomfortable, and ; I should not like to appear at Eastbourno as I am now. My cloak was carried off by old -Rageo. I bavo atravclliog-bag filled with a change of garraontB in the little garret over tbo tower attic, Gilbert, aod my travelling drees and hat arc there also. Can you get tbcm to me?" " I will go for them, and change my own garments at onco, while Flack goes for a carriage. You will remain here,, Dcrnico? Yoa.will not give mo tbo slip as onco beforo, 1 trust." " No. I will be hero when you return. Oh, Gilbert, do you think old Rageo will come back to sco if t am drowned?" "Sho may bo lurking about tbo place now. Keen the doors locked in my absence. I will give ybti\my revolver to defend yourself In case of no!. The old woman cnonot pcuctrato Into tho chalet, Bernice, Keep up tbe fire, and your couraga as will, I well be back in' half an hour." A few more words were spoken, And Gilbert Monk then left tbe cbalct. He waited outsldo until Bernice bad locked the door, and ho then wont around tbe bouse, examining all tho fastenings with singular nervousness. " It's alt right," he said to himsolf. " Sbo is safe Iu there. Rageo has no keys to tho chalet, of course. Bernico is brave, too, and can defend herself if need arises. And yet I'm uneasy. I would rather the ayah had not made the discovery that Bernico lives. Sho won't rest until she destroys her, uulcss I lildo tbo girl beyond bcr reach. 1 have got a scrpont to deal with, and must be subtle as she." ucrntco nnu neon alono but a few moments in the little Swiss chalet when sho heard a peculiar scratching at the door by which Monk bad departed. She was lyiitgdown at the moment upon the sofa in front of tho delicious firo, the heat penetrating through her wet garments to her very vitals, but when the low sound reached her hearing sho half raised herself, cresting her small, noble head, and waited in a pale expectancy for further demonstrations. Shu knew that tbo sound had boon pro duced by old Rageo. She knew that tbo murderous old Hindoo woman bad obsorvod Monk's doparturo. and ,wos now prowling about tbe chalet, likd an infuriated tigreBS, seeking somo placo of entranco, .."I can defend myself againBt. her," thought tho young marchioness. " Gilbert will soon be back, and until then 1 can stand d slego." She grew palor in tho very moment of making this assurance to herself as sho recognized tbo clinking sound produced by the contact of metdl with metal. It flashed upon hor liko a revelation that tbo old Hindoo woman possessed keys to tbo cbalct. In that caso it would seem that oho was at Ragce's mercy, . . Sbe knew, instinctively, after bearing tbe Bound of clashing metal, that Rageo was en deavoring to fit akcy into tbo lock and to push out the koy already in. With new-borno strength, she sprangup. from ber sofa and flew to tbe door. She baa hardly trained it' when' tho kov on tbe inner sldo dropped from tbo lock, /Is, quick as a flash Bernice tlirust the key baels into its socket nnd turned it, holding it with all bor .Btr'ongth, , - - Alow growling Bound; without attested that Rageo knew bor. presence and designs discovered. V Bernice cast a quick ' glance toward tbo hearth. ; Bundle's of Ingots and sticks wero strewn tbero, and sho singled out ono which she thought might bo. nsed ; to strengthen her defence, and 'thrust it through tbo loop handle of tbo key, resting tho point of tho stick on tbo floor. Then sbo inclined bcr ear, listonlg eagerly,.; Sbe beard a low suppressed breathing outside and knew that old Ragee was orouobtng there, and waiting. - ; A fow minutes passed, and theb , the cuu-. nlng old Dost Indian woman softly attempted to turn the girl's key in tbo lock. In vain. ;Bernice's rflndy wit bad- proved more than' equal to tbo cmorgcucy. Tbo key could not. bo turned, - aud consequently could not be pushed out of the lock. - There was a smotborod Bound as If impre cations in tbe Hindoo tonguo, nnd then fler- nice heard tho old woman creep stealthily away. "Sho is climbing tho outside : stair, thought the girl, following in her mind every stop taken by ber enemy. r " She creeps along tbe balcony. Sbo unlocks tbo door of tbo uppor room, Ab I now I hear her stops above roo. Sbo scorns to descend tbo inner stnlro, unlock tho door at tbo foot yonder, and burst in upon me." . '' The girl flew across tho room to tbo' far corner, in which tho light inner spiral staircase was Inclosed, in a space - corres ponding to tbo three corner closet. Tho door was closed but tbo key was not in tbo lock. Tho girl, it seemed, was thus at tho old Hindoo woman's mercy. But Bernico did not ioso her high courago. Sho wheeled, tlio sofa against the door and piled on top of tbo sofa tbo easy- chairs, t Tbero was an extra chair when tho Im promptu barricade had boon mr.do, and Bernico sat down upon this, just out of range of tbo stair door, and prepared to defend tbo only point tfi the room about whoao otxcngtb to resist assault she retained' mis givings. - The old womau's movements wore ex ceedingly stealthy. Sho crept down tho stair and tried tbo door at, its foot. It was locked, rrcscntly Bernico heard a key fit gratingly ipto tho key-hole, and tho bolt was shot back into tbo lock, ' A low, snarling laugh, liko tbo subdued growl of a wild beast,, camo from tbe ayah. A raomont of suspense, . and then tbe door was pushed open on inch or two against tbo barricade, which Bernico saw that a vigor- oub assault by tbo old yroraan would sweop aoldo liko so many toys. " Stop whero you nro I" cried tlio young I marchioness, levelling bor pistol, and opeak- ing in a tono so cool and .commanding ns to win a ready obedience from tbe crouching flguroon tbo otalr. "I am. not dcfouoolcss, Rageo. Mr Monk left bio rovdlvcr with mo, and I know how to iisc it. Stop where you are !" and lu-r young voice rang stcrnlry through t belittle chalet. A sikocu pf' some minutes followed this speech, hut ufier n littlo the door pressed with renewed force against tho barricade,, which yielded slightly, . Ucniico stood up, white aud resolute, and setting hor teeth together, fired. The ball whizzed past tbo aperture of tho partially oneued door, and buried itself in tho wall. Tbe ayah had been in tbo act of trying to peor into tbe room, and the ball bad pasBea within three inches of her head. Sbo gavo a stifled howl of baffled rage, and .hurled herself against the duor with vubo- ;ment fury, Tho barricade yielded now sufficiently to form an aperture largo enough for tbo admission of tbo old woman's, head. Sbe tbru9t out that extremity of her supplo body with n peculiar darting move ment. . Aa .fllio did so, a bullet whistled past bor so- dangerons by that sho drew back with auotber bowl — this timo n howl of torror "Aro you yot convinced ,that I-nm in canust?" asked tho young marobioness. 41 1 bavo five shots left, and if you do not ro- treat you must stand tbo consequences." The old Hindoo began to ronliso that shu bad not a child to deal with, nor, a timid girl, but a woman aroused to battlo for ber life, who would defend herself at any and all cost, and bo weakened by no terrors. B3gee sat down on tbe slender, spiral stair in dismay. Sho did not wish to go away and leavo Bernico conqueror of tho field. . Gathering all bor forces, alio projected hcrsolf against tho door,' and it yielded Bcvcral luetics. Tbero was now space enough to admit her slender figure, and she cautiously prepared to avail herself of it. Grouching she covered hor person with tbo barricade, and crept stcatbily into tbo room on hor bands and kncis. To her as tonishment, Bernico did not firo upon ber. Sbo gathered hoiself up like a ball, and raised her turbnncd head slowly abovo the bnck of the sofa. Hho thought that Bernico had fainted in cxccsi of terror, and believed herself on tho poiut of victory, Willi a sudden yell of intimidation she leaped up, and bounded iulo tbo ccntro of tbe room. To her iuliuitu amazement, young Lady Chetwynd was not in tbo apartment. The door stood wido open, and outside, in plain view, lleruico was standing, supported hy the arm of Gilbert Monk.— To be continued,) 