-MR. AND 3MRS. BOWSER. EY 2il'S. rAWcER. " WrtLL, what do youn think ? " queriea lir. Bowser, as he loo:ked noup at me acrossc the supper-table one evening., "You--you haven't bcen and bonught another horcse, MIr. Bowscer ? " "Horse ! Can't you think of anything but horse ? I suppoCse you'll throw that hors- up to me to your dying day? " " I'm -o glad you ihave decided nat to buy another. Is it some chickens·,. or a new fire eascape, or anuother dog tb eat no up ? " He turned pale and refused to ?.yanother word for two hours. Then he could hold him.clf no longer, and he suddenly observed: "I suppose you will feel proud of t-o title of 3Mr. Alderman Bower." " What do you mean ? " "Just what I say. You are soon to be known as Mrs. Alderman Bowser." "Aro you going to run for offica ? " "I am. It wras all sett!ed this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this wanrd." " MIr. Bowser, is it pos.ible that you are going to let them lead you into such fooal ishness ? I thought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all your mih ht es." " My mistakes ! " he shouted. " I never made one in my life, except when Im arried you! Level head! Id like to see some one who carriks a more level head tin I do ? " " And so you are going to be alderman ?" "II live." "But what for ? " "Because it is the wishk of the people. My country calls. The cemmittee have canvassecad the ward and concluded3 that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show against the vicious opposition. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot musat be ready to sacrifice." "I'm so sorry !" "So sorry! For what! because I have been selected above all others ? Becaune all honours have been throast upon me ? Mrs. Bowser, you have Dnever appreciated the man you married, and you probably never will." " Well, I shan't say any more. I think it is a put-up job to get money out of you, and I lknow whast a gang will be running here after you. It's aour own affair, how ever. Don't blame me if you get left." " There you go! Always opposed to me. I can plainlty see why sorn emen never get along. If 1 had a wife like some I know of l'd been governor of the state long ago. I'm going to run however, and after I'm elected you'll probably be just mean enough to say you brought it about." I didn't say any more. As coon as he left the housen next morning I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly oat of eight before the bell rang and I opened the door to find a dirty-looking fellow, with his hat on his ear, who asked : "Is Bowser at home ? " " No, sir." " Gets out pretty early, doesn't he? Leave any money for me ? " "No, sir." "He didn't, eh ? Porty specimen of a candidate he is! Expects us to do all the figurin' for nothin', does he ? " " Who are you, sir ?" "Who are I? " he repeated, as he slanted his hat a little more and spat over his shoulder. "I'm the party as carries this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if Old Bowser don't cram down liberally he gets left. Toll him to come and see me." Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find a ward heeler or some other sort of political parasite on the doorstop. One of them oven went so far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to run one of the City Hall elevators. There were three others waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I saw him give them money. Ho came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred he replied: "Let the dear people come They kInow that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure as the sun rises on the day. What do you think? I was talking to a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Bowser stock is way up, hey ?" For a week I lived in a state of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a ward heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ringing, it was some man who wanted a sower or other contract. Every ovening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on three nights 3Mr. Bowsecr bad to "go the rounds" of the ward and " see the boys." On the last night I had to help him up stairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whispered: " Shay, Mrs. Bowecr, it just breaks my heart to see how o'r people love me. They cry fr me, and-and I cry fr zhom I " This went on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate. Mr. Bowser said he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer afterwards, he would have to be on hand. As soon as nbminated there would be no more heoolors running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didn't say much, but I felt pretty sure how it would come out. About nine o'clock he came home. tie was running. lIo also breathed hard and looked white. "What on earth is the matter now ?" I asked as he bangedl into the ball. "G-gone 1 " he gasped. " How gone ?" "Gone up." "Mr. BIowser, tell mo what has happened. You act as if you had mot a ghost and lost your s5enses." "I-I didn't get the nom-nomination I" he whispered, his knees quaking so that he had to sit down on a chair. "Why didn't you ?" "Because they conoluded that Mr. Scott was thebo more popular and the stronger man." " What I That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last weooek for whipping his wife ?" " Y-yes." We looked at eaoh other for a long time without speaking. Then he said: "I thought the dear people loved you, Mlr. Bowser." '" Yes." "You were to he selected above all others and honours thrust upon you." "Yes." "Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. You were a patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself." " Yes." "How much has this experience costyou ?" "~' Fousr hmundred." "Well, you have made a fool of yours·if, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. ou' d better go to bedt." " I-Iguess I will!" -t midnight h e woke up, st up in ie? and exclaimed: "Lok: here, old lad:y, I hore ysu fel bt!er, having accomplished your villainou chie?t !" " Wha no you mean ' "Imcn that you defeat? me in " ee cuacus. Everylboy k nov you, arnd this opportunity for revenge could not be pas-sed over. IMrs. Bowmer, you have gone a etep too far ! To-morrow I shalnl conl a !awyer about divorce proceedings!" " Go toole5p." SYe-, li go to eleep, hlt don'timagine I ehall forAt or overlook your bae duplicity. I have borne aond borne, rt' thi s is the end!" Nexa morning, however, he made no reference to the matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been with:drawn in the interests of harmony he came homo one day to observe: "I hear that my name is being mentioned for mayor, but I shan't take the nomina cion. I prefer to be a plain, hamble citizen."-Detroit Free Prees. Tas Nswzs: Tmsss ai WzZES is th.us described by the Vienna corre-pondent of the Standard of Decem'oer 2.5:-" Johann S:trauss, the popular componser of dance music and comic operas, is about to bring out a revised form of the pc- cuniariy Viennese dance, the waltz--invented by his father, Johann Strauss senior-by the transforma tion of the old-fashioned 'L ?dler, a slo. Vienna dance of some twenty sets, which, when reduced to six -ees in three-four .ime, became a favourite dance, and rapidly spread frcm the Austrian capital all over the civilised world. The present composer reduced the sets to four, and introduced, as a further reform, the six-step waltz, which has also made the round of every ball-room in the world. Herr Strause has now retraced his steps, since he has satisfied himself that the present generation is either not strong enough for or not inclined to the rapid whirl of the true Vienna dance, and that a slower nace is resuired to suit the taste of these degenerate times. 'Look round the ball room,' says Herr Strauss, 'and you will find, no matter how delicious tihe waltz music that the orchestra may be playing, that the majority of the ladies remain seated while the gentlemen lounge around the pillars and doors. All real pleasure in dancing is lost, and only the rhythmical conversation dance still holds its ground. I intend to combine the conversation dance with the waltz, calling the new form the minuet-waltz. It will be composed in three-four time, and consist of three sets, which all begin andantino gracioso, in the style of the minuet or polonaise. It will then develop into the real waltz, with the present rapid whirl. Ladies will be able to accept lazy partners for the conversation part while for the faster movements they can take partners who are still dancers." AsLLGED POSIOsOS: EFsECTS Or TOsrCCo SeoieE os: Mcxs.-Cases of poisoning due to meat which seemed thoroughly wholesome have sometimes occurred and have remained unexplained. In the Revue d'Hygibne, Mi. Bourrier, inspector of meat for the town of Paris, makes a valuable suggestion. He describes his experiments with meat impreg nated with tobacco smoke. Some thin slicesof beef were exposed for a considerable time to the fumes of tobacco, and afterwards offered to a dog, which had been deprived of food for twelve hours. The dog, after smelling the meat, refused to eat it. Some of the meat was then cut into small pieces and concealed within bread. This the dog ate with avidity, but in twenty minutes commenced to display the most distressing symptoms, and soon died in great agony. All sorts of meat, both raw and cooked, some grilled, roasted, and boiled, were ex posed to tobacco smoke, and then given to animals, and in all cases produced symptoms of acute poisoning. Even the process of boiling could not extract from the meat the nicotione posion. Grease and similar sub stances have facilities of absorption in pro portion with their fineness and fluidity. Thus the fats most readily influenced by tobacco smokeo are, in their respective order, the fat of horseflesh, of pork, of beef, and finally of mutton. Hashed meat of course is more readily affected than large pieces; thus a few puffs of smoke directly projected on to sausage- meat will give it a characteristic and unpleasant taste. The juices of meat are equally dangerous. The juice squeezed out of some veal perfectly saturated with tobacco smoke was injected into a rabbit, and death resulted in a few moments. Fresh-killed meat is more read ily impregnated, and stands in order of sus ceptibility as follows-pork, veal, rabbit, poultry, beef, mutton, horse. lusTry W\ViuT.-A large proportion of wheat haRving been destroyed by the rust plague, many fatrmers are inquiring how they can best utilise the shrunken grain of which they find themselves possessed. Dealers refiuse to purchase such wheat except at a very low figure, and tolerably good samples are greatly deteriorated in value by the presence of even a small quantity of shrivelled grains. Instead how over of farmers, intentionally or otherwise, attempting to market damaged or badly dressed grain, it will pay them far better to clean it thoroughly, and so command full value for that portion of it which is sound and of good quality, leaving the damaged grain to be disposed of in another way. lRuty wheaht, it is alleged, is equally as good for seed as sound, healthy wheat; and while this theory is opposed to the general rules of reproduction, it seems to be true as regards the wheat plant. A portion of the damaged grain may, therefore, with all safety be retained for seeding purposes. Further, from the fact that shrunken and immature wheat has little value for making flour, many persons suppose that its food value in of a lower order. But grain of this description is richer in nitrogen compounds than the full ripened and plump borry. The value of rusted grain for stook.feeding is not to be measured by its flour-producing quality. Wheat screenings are really worth more for stock than the same weight of plumpwheat. Mr. Pearson, our govern ment chemist, unless ho differs from the rest of his profession, will verify this state ment. The value of such material must be obvious to the intelligent stock - foeeder. Rather than sacerifice the rusted wheat at a low markoet price, it will pay farmers to purchase sheep and fatten them on the damaged grain, for there is no doubt that its feeding value is far higher than its appearance leads us to suppose.-Leader. Thero has just paessed away in Paris a man who in his time (writes the London Telegraph correspondent) played many parts. This is Victor Grelier, cook by pro fession and communist in politics. As a aoldier he was made a head cook by Mlarshal 'reovy, and when the commune brok'e ont he was fuafil!ing the humble fanctions of moper-up in a pcblic abhhounse, or kroir. The commnnists, whcom he joined, made him a deputy mayor and nafterwrds minister of commerce. While iu this im portant t?ts he .roposed to burn tihe Grand Livre of the pcblic debt and a decree to hat effec: appeared in the official jo?nl os the commune of the day of en:.c into pors of the Versaitles trcops. Grelier toe" !en-bail when the troops appear-ed, and was sheltered by the Jcsuit Fathers of the Rue de Vagir'rd, whomn he had befriended wh~ile in osice. He served the good priests as a coos for meverSi months, but was one day S-r-cgnisd and arres:aed. While in prison he was asEi by Mf. Lambcecht to cook an o.ci?al dinner for him at the mini-stry of the in.eror, wh;c"h he did on condition that his ja!ers were sent out of the kitchen. In 1872 Grelier was transported to Nonmea, heres hre act-2saclifto the Governor. On ret~rning to Paris, Gresier oet up as a w?ine seller, bu, did not prosrer. His funeral expenses were defrayed by the Jesits. Doctor Blister of Texas is one of those Ohs'icians -ho do no stand any nonsense from their naientsa. According to a Texas parer, one day lately he sresented his hill to 'ose ShraumiBurg. "Van hundred and and fi~ y dollars - ? " exclaimed Mose. " .y, mine gainest , two inerals in doS family vould net h'-f cons me so much as dot." " It s no: too late to have a innera in the house yet," replied Doctor Blister, drawing a revaolver. His bill was paid. The largest sum eer known to have been paii for a horse was given recently in New York for Axitell, a three-year-old, after ihe had trotted a mile in 2min. 12sees. The sum paid was 105,l000lo!., which is equal to about £l1,6b0. The mnusical works of Frederich the Great, which have just been published for the first time, appear very likely to make a gieoat isensation, as many of the compositions, especially the twenty-fieo sonatas and the four concertos, are of great artistic value. Collector-" Mr. Jones, I'm sorry to have to ask you to pay this little bill." Jones-" Are you, my boy? Well, I can sympathise with you from the bottom of my heart. I am sorry you hare to ask me" Jay Gould's progenitor when he wars eighty married a girl nineteen and addressed a friend thus: So you see. my dear sir, though eighty yeatrs old A girl of nineeten falls in loae with old Gould. To which his friend replied : A girl of ninetesn may love Goiuld it is true, But believe me, dear sir, it is "Gold"' without "U." One hundred and seventy-eight thousand oseven hundred and forty-three carats of diamonds were exported from Kimberley during November, valued at £1338,32. Telephonic communication has been established in Austria between Vienna and Prague, a distance of 2900 miles. 