TALES AND SKETCHES. X marriage of Vengcauce. Last week I was ot tho offices of a discharged prisoner's Aid society, when among other applicants, was ono whom I will call John Dock. He was still a young man, his age not being inoro than S3, and ho had boon convicted of tho serious offence of attempting to poison his wife, and condemned to ten years' penal servitude, tlo was certified ns " well educated," and in prison I10 bad earned all that was possiblo in the way of gooJ conduct money. Ho was willing to nndortako any kind of work by which he might get an honost living, and he told to call agaiu on tho following Satur day. On that day I chanced to look in at tho offico again, and shortly afterwards John Lock appeared. Ho was much altorcd, and louftcd as though he had boon badly friglitcnod. Recognising tho secretary at his desk, ho hastly re marked— " I beg your pardon, air. I can't tako a job in London. I wish to bo sent away, if yon please." " To be sent where ?" " Anywhere," answered John Lock, desperately, " so that it is far enough, far away aB tho bit of money due to me will pay passage to. I don't want any other clothes, Btr ; these I havo on will do. I only want to get away." u To got awsy from whom ?" % " From may wifo, str. Sho might have been dead for all I know to the contrary, bnt she ouno on me in tho street sudden as a ghost not two hours since, and eho haa opened my eyes. 1 wouldn't have believed that a woman could: hare so mnoti evil in her." " The fact is," remarked tho secretary, "yon: have been looking for your wife and have found her, and you wish h»r to live with you again aod she refuses." " Live with her again 1" tho man ex claimed with" horror. " What 1 after all she baB rorealcd to me? . Good Heavens, no ! I shall kill her if 1 re main whore she can put herself in my way. She, is mad, I believe, though she does not look or speak like :e. - She wishes me to kill her. Sho vows that Bhe will liBubt and harass mo until I do it, so that I shall end my lifo oh tho gallows. And so it will be, I feel turo and certain of it, if I am not able to put the wide sea botween us, po that wo cannot como together again. For ineroy'e sake, gentlemen !" and ho cleaped his hinds together and spnko rb beseeching ns a man begging for his life, " don't refuse me what I am ask ing." . " You. will bavo first to make out that yours is a case of exceptional treatment. To what do you attribute your wife's bitter resontfalncss?" " I cannot account for it in any way hat her beine mad « bnt if von will trlndlv have patience to listen to me, you will be able to judgo for yourselves. " I will he1 as brief as I can, bnt I- ni'uat go back to' the tithe when wo were both single, and .when she— my jwife, I mean— was sweathoartieg with n fellow- clerk of mine in the samo offico ; a young' fillow named Taylur, and wo were. mack of. an age. Caroiino Speed was my wife's maiden namo, and wo were all three members of the — — Mechanics' Institute, ' and that is how .we. made acquaintance. " I was in love with' Carrie from the first time 1 saw her. I am not of a very bold disposition, and I kept my feelings to myself for a long time, until I thought that I might speak ; and when did sho laughed in & disdainful sort of way, and Raid that she must refer mo to tieth Taylor, my fellow-clerk. I nevor for a moment dreamt that there was anything between them, but wbon I asked Taylor bo informed mo otherwiso. Ihoy had been keeping company in a quiet way, he told mo, for six months or morn, and it was settled that tboy' should g<-t married as soon as he had saved money to make a decent homo for her. "He was gottin.' only £80 a year, and my. ; salary "was £120, and feeling, perhaps, a little spiteful at what he told me, I remarked, " I hope you are in no hurry; Sotb. How' long do you think it will tako you to savo enough to buy a decent homo, when at tho outside you can't put by more than ten shillings a week ?' ' Well,' enlrl he, 'I havo let you into one seoret, Jack, and I will tell you another, but you must promise to keep it dark, for it would be the sack at a moments notico if it. came to the governor's cars. I have been doing a bit of betting on borso races, and I've been lucky at it. But you mustn't sup pose that I'm such a fool as to boliovein it as a means of increasing one's income. I have a few pounds already, aud mean to give them a chance to win me a littlo more, at nil events. But " never no more " after we are married, I promise you that.'' "Well, gentlemen," continued John Lock, moistening his dry lipt. with his tongue tip, and with anything but a nice lnrtlr in liio " kiinwinr inn nnlv no what I appear on your books, you may not believe what I am going to say. I admit that I felt the disappointment cruelly, and none tho less', yoa may do- pond, because it was one whom I might call my bosom friend hod occasioned it. But I felt more on account of the second secret Scth had confided to me. I said nothing about it to him at the time, but that same night wrote him a letter, beg ging and imploring him to abandon gambling, which would be sure, sooner or later, to end in bis rain. Nor did I think it my duty to keep horse- belting secret quite so close as I bad promised to. " I wont frank and disinterested to Misa Speed, and told her about it. I showed her the letter Soth bad sent mo in reply to mine, and in which bo said it wna too late for me to preach for that week, anyhow, as ho bad pat £3 on a horse for tho St. Legnr, and hoped to win £30 by it, I pointed out to her the risk she was running in marryingauch a man. Sho always was quick-tempered. I was cowardly, mean, and tho rest of it, and she would tell Seth that I had be trayed him. That was too much for my patienco, and I told her that tho infor mation I had given her was in friendli ness and confidence, and that if sbo tried to make ill-blood between mo and Scth, worse than she imagined might perhaps come of it. So she kept a still tongue. " Bnt worse came of it for all that. Seth's luck at betting took a bad turn, &b; ho himself told mfe; and he loat mote than lie had won, and ho was strongly tempted to a oriine I feel suro ho would uot otheiwise have committed or oTQn thought of. Three £5 uotus, the pro perty of the firm, were missing from tho doek. It was, f>f course, a very serious tiling for mo, and I had to do all I could to cloAr mysolf from suspicion. I sus pected no ono, and least all Seth ; bnt whon I was closely questioned by tho principal as to what I knew of tho habits of my follow-clcrk f was com pelled to toll tho truth, and mentioned what I know about Taylor bcttiug ou horso races, and his having lost money lately. Ho was. questioned, and tbc result was thnt n police officer was called in, and on a search being mado the stolen notes wero discovered in Seth Taylor's cigar case, and ho was tried, for the robbery and sent to prison for eighteen months. I was very near diRchnrgrd for not making the firm aware that Beth was engaged in gambl ing, but, fortunately, tho letter in which I bad begged him to brcnk off from" the dangeroos habit wad fonnd, and that was in my. favour. "Seth. of course,' declared that he was innocent, and wont so far as to dcclnro that somobody who had a pri vate spito against him bad plsoedjtho notos whero they wcro discovered nnd Curio Speed who volunteered as a wit ness, related in coart what transpired at tbo privato interview I had with;bor and how I had throatonod thatif-9be made known to Seth what I had told her, wofiso would happen to him. " But the judgo said it.was raonetrou9 to endeavour to put a false complox'on on a perfectly innocent remark mode by an intimate friond of tho prisoner, and ono who, as shown by tho letter already mentioned, und proved himself to bo a good adviser. But it didn't matter much about Taylor's sontonco being snch a sovore one. Ho fretted himself to death in prison, and only lived fivo months after his conviction. " I had not seen Carrie Speed once during tbo wholo of that five months. I had no animosity against her, but I did not care to meet her again after tho base insinuation she had mado against tuo at tho trail. But, to my surprise, shortly after Seth Taylor's death sho wroto to me. It was all over now, sho said ; but hr raiud could get no rest until she bad bogged my forgivoncBB for what she bad uone, sinco tho longer sho reflected on it the more sho was con vinced that she had misjudged mo. Tbcro was n lot more iu tho lcttor to the stum effect, and with which I need not troublo you. " You will oasily understand that I was very much surprised and pleased as well. I made it may business to see hor and toll hor so. All my old love for her c&mo; back when wo mot, and sho was no longer disdainful. I was beside my self almost with delight at tho prospect of winning her after all. " When a fow wcoks after our recon ciliation, I nskod her to be my wife, site accepted my offer, in tho quiot way that now seemed natural to hor, and wo wero married. " She was not tho fond and cheerful wifo I expected to find hor, but no woman could have boon ruoro patient and obedient, or more devoted to mv in- terests. A long time before, I had in sured my life for £300. Nothing would satisfy my wife but that I should. insure her lifo, as well, and for twice ns much aa my policy stood for, and I made no ohjootion. This was when wo had been married not more than four months. A, month aftor tho insaranco had been made, her health was not so good &b; it bad been previouRly. Sho would ho ill for a day or two, and be well again for, perhaps, a week, and then sho would relapse. We livod in two apartments, and had no servant, and when sho was ill I waitod on Iter, and never made a. trouble of it, for if ever a man loved o woman I loved her. , " Bhe gradually bccamo more fre quently unwell, and the doctor we called in seemed Tpuzzled to mako out what was tho matter with her. A girl who was employed by our landlady carao in at odd timos und garo her her medicine, and prepared uuything sbo fancied in the way or loon, ine lanainuy was pain extra for this, but she gavo the servant girl no more than her ordinary wages, so that wlint tho latter did was not done very wittingly ; and one day my wifo a9kod mo if I thought it possiblo that the girl could bo wieked enonglt to tamper with hor food out of spite. She had had some broth that day, alio said, and she thought it tasted strangely. " I ridiculed the idea as a sick woman's fancy, bnt that same afternoon I was fetched in a hurry from tho office, tho mesBonger bringing me the startling news that my wifo was very ill— near dying in fact— and that the nmid sr- vand had born given into custody on suspicion of having ' poisoned her. When I roacbod homo I found snch to bo tho case. " It appeared that during the morn ing the girl had ' prepared my wifo some arrowroot from'a packet I myself had brought tho day previously, aud sho was immediately afterwards — before she had cmplipfl tho cup, indeed— taken with such violent pains that tho doctor was sent for, nnd to him my wife mentioned her suspicions of tho servant. The doctor examined tho remains of tho arrowroot in the cup, and thereby dis- cuturuu huuu ' uiupiu pruui ui uiu mui the girl was at once arrested. "Happily the prompt remedy that was adopted averted the danger, and that same evening my wifo was able to see and reply to the qne&tioniug; of the police inspector who had visited us. I was at the beside tbo wholo time, and heard all that was said as to tho strange tasto my wifo had for some time paBt detected in tho food the girl had given hor. The inspootor wished to see the cupboard in which the food was kept, and moved several articles from the shelves himself, and took possesion of tbero. " As I have told you, wo occupy only two rooms, and the cupboard was in the sitting-room. We were alone there, ex amining tho 'things in tho cupboard, when he suddenly tnrncd on me with- the 1: t -n- u XJ 1/ jinx jUU) avli viti jmqj poison ia the house V " I replied that I ocver did. " x If I kept any,' said f, ' yon may depend that I should keep it safely locked away.' " ' To bo euro you would, and you would keep the keys safe in your pocket, Aro they thorenow?' " I at once produced my little bunch of private keys, and told bint that they wero never dot of my own possession. He took them in his hand. Don't bo alarmed,' said ho, ' but I bare a particular wish to have a peep inside any drawer or box they will un lock. Havo yoa any objection ' " I advanced to snatch my keys from him and riomsnd his authority for tsking such a liborty. But ho had come ail prep&rad.; Taktog out his pocket-book ho showed mo a soarch warrant. I had raised my voice angrily, and so, as 1 nupposod, alarmed my wifo in tbo next room. Sho had hastily slipped on a dressing-gown and enno io 10 whero wo woro. Sho was whito as paper, but calm enough. I was not. I was trembling with rage and indignation. 1 explained to my wife wbat it waB.tho police inspector wanted to do. " Well, whoro's the harm ?' sho said, innocontly. 'Thoro csn ho nothing, my dear, that you wish to conceal, or that you nci d be afraid of.' I could say no moro. ' There were only three things that woro locked im tho room— tho two drawers of a writing- table, and a desk that stood on a sideboard. Tho desk contained only a few; private papers, in cluding tho two insaranco policies, und it was wcok9 - sinco I had opened it. That was the first thing tho inspe tor unlocked, my wife and myself looking on. In one corner there was o small linen bag, half full, which' I had never seen before, and in my woudormeut 1 made some exclamation nnd put my band towards it. But tho inspector was too quick for mo. Having secured it, ho put his finger and thumb into the bag' and took ont a bunch of stuff it contained and held it ap to tho light. "'It is salt, isn't it?' my wife ro- morked. '"The samo kind of salt, ma'am, that your arrowroot was seasoned with, if I am not mistaken/ tho inspector answered, as ho carofully tied up tho bag again ; ' this is arsenio.' " Hearing this, my wife shrank from mo with a look of horror, and without a word wont back to tho bedroom, whilo I, feeling stunned or liko ono in a dream, was taken away to tho police station. " I havo already tried your patience, gentlemen, with my long story, and I will not tronblo yoa with the torrible details of what followed. I W,fl8 com mitted for trail for the attomptod mur dcr. It was shown that with my small salary I had insured my wifo's life for £600, and tho doctor was called to prove that within a' month tho symp toms, which woro consistent with sl iw poisoning, began to appear. It was shown that the packot of arrowroot iu tho cupboard and tho bc&t; tea essence, which wero intended for ray wife's ex clusive use, woro already poisoned ; ami I could not deny my own declaration to tho polico inspeotor that the key of the desk whero the littlo bag of arsenio was discovered was novor out of my posses sion. " You may be suro that the prosecu tion did not fail to point out how much my gailt was increased by my cunning attempt to put tho crimo on tho innocent servant girl ; and tho end of it was that I was sentenced to ten years' ponnl Borvitudo. "As I havo already informed you, I never from tho tirao of my conviction received any communication from my wifo which of courso added much to the bitterness of my eruel punishment, sinco it put beyond doubt that sho believed mo cruiltv. and scores of timos I craved thAt I might dio in prison liko Both Taylor. But my consciousness of inno cence supported me, and I livod through it. "And now comes tho most terrible part of my strango talo. I novor thought to see my wifo ognin, but on my way bore this morning I met with her. I did not know her at first, she looked so old and altorcd. It wos a joyful moment when I beheld her, and 1 put out both my hands, but sho clasped hers behind ber, and there was relentless hatred in her ©yes. " Oarrio I" I said, ' can it bo that you havo all along and still think urn guilty?' There was no wasting of words between us. " With no ono to ovorhoar ub," she said, ' listen to what I bavo como 011 purpose to toll you. I know of nu guilt of yours but one— your murder of tho man I lovod. It was for. that I married you, that I might bo well rovengeu. ium iuon sua ioiu mn now sho herself had planned tho poisoning for which I had . been tried and couvictcd. It was she who .had procured tho arsenic, and with a fatso key placed it in a dosk whero it was found ; sho who hod mixed tho poison with tho food. " To carry oat tho fiendish design sho had taken some doses of the deadly stuff and finally, a largo though not a fatal dose, fo ob .to mako it abundantly clear that it was my villianous intention to murder her so as to obtain tho insur ance money. " And still with no one to bear us," said she, ' let mo tell you that it was not that yon might bo'senkmcod for a paltry ton years that 1 1 ran the deadly risk. I hopod you would havo been sent away for twico as long— for your life, perhaps. But I have not. (h>no with you yet, John Lock. To bo rid of tne you will have to kill mo. i will goad you to it, and dio happy, knowing that you end your lifo on tho gallows." I havo nothing to add to John Lock's strange story nnd tho reader is as woll able as myself to judgo if thoro was any truth in it, or whether it wus a romantic fabrication on tho ex-convics's pnrty to excito sympathy. Inquiry, I believe, was made for his wifo, but she had been lost sight of for yoars, and was nowhere to bo found ; while, as for John him self, at his most earnest request, and to tho last persisting in tho statement ho bad mado, ho was Bhippcd to America. In our next : — The Whits She- Wolf. 