, , - ' , .L-VlSil TSS DISCIPLES ()F. OHRIST. a .'it'U'iii j.vi'.j toi I A SINGULAR .CEREMONY.^' The announcement that Mr; /Thos. H. Bates would hold an open* air seuvice last, Sunday afternoon by the river side, and afterwards administer the ? ordirianceof Baptism, attracted a large number of people to witness the scene; which ? took .'place at the foot of Mill-street. Punctually at four o'clock, the proceedings were begun by Mr. Bates reading the third chapter ;of St. jilatthew,. containing the account |of . the Baptism of- Jesus, upon which he based his remarks. The address, which we ! have greatly condensed, was delivered in a quick and impressive style, and wa3 listen ed to with respectful attention by all' the' grown-up people present, although; were gret to say, that a number of. youths of the' larrikin class indulged their; natural 'pro pensity to scoff and sneer during the \ time of performing the ceremony. Mr.; Bates spoke as follows : — 'li I were aaked when it was and where, that the two greatest men the world ever seen met together, I should not think of naming political heroes like Gladstone and Salisbury, whose praise's are justly chanted by millions of men ; nor the: great 'warriors like 'Napoleon and Wellington, whose martial deeds will, live, in. history till' the end of time ; nor yet the great religious reformers, as Luther arid Melancthon, I whose ' combined in fluence. is said, to ? ;have shaken the world ; nor even those greater heroes of .ancient ^times— the prophets, Elijah and Elisha, whose burningwords of truth and inspiration, terrified the Kings and. Queens of their age ; nor could I truthfully say that the divinely chosen leaders of God's ancient people— Moses and Joshua (whose law and military con quests . were such . as . the world will never cease: to wonder at and ; admire) nor even the particular friend, and the perpetuaLPriest of God, nor. Abraham and Melchisedek.whose names arebotb.glorified on the sacred page ; -but I .should name two cousins, both ofiwhom are mentioned in my.text.and:known.to yon,iny respected hearers, ,asf£ John the Baptist 'jind ' Jesus of Nazareth.''. These two spiiitual ; giants tower high .above: every i other. Not only were they great in the sight -.of. men, but angels ihonored, -them, arid .for the work they came to do they held, a special com mission direct- from Jehovah— both were seat by. God, one the - messenger, the~fore runner of the other. The; birth. and', en dowments of both. were. .superhuman, and of such transcendent importance was their advent considered to be, that Gabriel, the bright Angel .who stands , in the immedi ate presence of the Almighty, was sent to inform ;their parents of the coming wonder-; ful events,. and though both died in the very prime of life, died . the . glorious death of Martyrs, the work that^ they inaugur ated is still going on, and is destined to go on, .until, every knee shall bow: and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is. Lord; to the glory of God the .Father. ...The king-' doms.of rthe world are yet., to :become the kingdoms. of our God and of HisChrist. !; .'..But though 1 have classed ,. the cousins together, as the two greatest men the world has e?er seen in: companyi you will not un derstand me: as saying -that both were equally great.. Nay, for : that would be to dishonor Him whom I Tvishl to honor, whose 'Name is above every name,' who was anointed, with the oil of joy above His fel lows. John was only a, man ; he had but a single nature, wherea3 Jesus possessed the attributes of Deity, and although it was said of John, that he was ' much more than a prophet,' that ' among, those born of women, there has not .arisen. a; greater,' he, .on, the other hand,- .declared of himself that he was not worthy to stoop and loose the shoes from the feet of Jesus.i ' He that hath the .bride,' said. he, 'is. the .bride groom. ; , He must increase, I must ( de- crease.'; I classed them , together because, they are . brought together in the text, be cause they were ? both sent of God and on account of the. extraordinary, influence which they, exercised : as teachers and lead ers of men. .j Of .Christ, it. may, with truth .be Said :;i .. j .:'.,::.-?.:?. ii ':'?'.:?? .../;*.''. ' Nbmortal may with' Mm compare, , Among the sons of men, . /. , ' ?.;?'..! ' Fairer is He than all the fair ;,,.., f..,. : Who fill the heavenly traint' ' ''/. ' ' ; -fl'0 HeiSjindeed ?'?? THe,lpvliestri:amop* the, ten thousand. The altogether Lovely 10ne';': '.'Oconldlsettheyirtaes forth! :'i, :; ; i ' Whiclim my. Sarionr shine i ^, j([;j ; -L'd soar and touch the heavenly* strings, ; And vie with Gabriel while1 he Sing's,' ; ?, Innotes almost divine.' . ; ?'.-. ??-. But my duty this afternoon is to explom the reason -which brought John Jarid j Jesus, together ; why Christ was : 'baptized, ; when1 and where, and I entreat you, iny /.hearers, to keep your eye upon your Saviour, \ while I am pointing out the path He' 'tbbk-.:and which He intended for an exairiple to you and to me. . ' -^ ' ' s-rv-;: Why was Christ baptized ? ^/'i '? ; It could not have been ari insignificant motive which led Jesus' to set out on .foot and walk for 60 miles to meet with John. No sane man would make a! journey of that length unless he thought ? something im portant was at stake. Well, what ? was it Droriipted Jesus to toil over the hills and mountains of Galilee. and Judea to meet with His messenger at Bethabara ? Was ? it to give him some fresh instruction as to his duty ? No, for John had been ' sent by God, . who had Himself given him an especial training foi his work, and he needed no fresh instruction. He was filled witn the Holy Spirit from his very infancy. Was it, then, to encourage him, to congratulate, ? to compliment him on the wonderful success which had attend ed his labors ??? Oh no, Jesus dealt but little in . such empty courtesies, and His messenger, was or too masculine a charac ter to need anything of the sorb. ; Our. text discloses the reason. He came ' to be baptized.' Do I read correctly ? .Did the Son of God walk that: long distance [ for such a purpose as that ?. Was it so import-' ant, so necessary ? Could he nofc.haye, had it done at home, at Nazareth ? As to its importance and necessity, the fact mu&t; speak for itself. No argument is necessary to those who. see in the Man of Nazareth » The fulness of the God-head,' Whose every deed was premeditated, and the effects which followed were intended and provided for. Jesus did nothing that was insignificant, nothing that wa3 needless. His mission was too serious for that. : But He did walk 60 miles to be baptized, which fact is proof positive that, in the estimation of 'Jesus, baptism is both important and necessary. Now, I venture to say that the view which Jesus took of duty is more ac curate arid reliable than that of any who differ frbm Him. We must not impeach His wisdom by any attempt to improve on what he declared to be for ' all nations/' but let us humbly submit to His authority and follow Him wherever He may lead us. Mr. Bates then referred to the changes which had taken place in tne ordinance, which changes had been confessed to by all the great scholars, historians, and critics of modern times, instancing especially the notable article of the late Dean Stanley, of Westminster, in the Nineteenth -Century Magazine, in which every thing that he (Mr. Bates) contended for was admitted. He preferred the 'Old paths,' and hoped his hearers would do the same. Mr. Bates then offered prayer on behalf of those about to ' put on Christ,' and pro ceeded to meet a young lady (Miss .1. B; Mvles), who, attired in dark costune, stood waitiEg with her mother at the rear of the Rowing Club's boat house, and which had been placed at Mr. Bates' disposal by their generous Seeretary — Mr. Tom. Carter. Leading her out until a depth of 2 feet was reached, Mr. Bates then pronounced the baptism formula, ' By the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ, I baptize thee into the names of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost' ; and immersed Miss Myles, immediately restoring her to tin up right position and leading her back to the boatshed. Leaving her in the hands of her friends, he then met in the river Mr. R.G. Jennings, who was proceeding to wards him, and who also was a candidate for baptism. The same formula of words was used, arid Mr. Jennings was immersed, after which both- gentlemen retired to Mr. Lawrence's boatshed, where they exchang ed their wet for dry garments and sliortly afterwards left for their homes. 