The Choice Young Man. Br THE BEY. A. I\ FOBBEST, GLASGOW. "A ohoice young man."-i SAMUEI. ix. This was Saul, the son of Kish. He is not often held up as a model. His career has more fre quently served the purposes of denunciation and warning. But this description was given of the Benjamite early in life; and, as a young man, he was-in some respects, at least-most exemplary. It is a mistake to think of Saul as thraughout an objectionable and wicked character. His later life was most unsatisfactory; but, as we have him here, the son of Kish ÍB not without many ad mirable traits. To these I will call your attention to-night; and, in doing so, will exhort you to imitation of " A choice young man." The first thing to notice about young Saul is his FINE PHYSIQUE. AB he is introduced to us, the son of Kish is tall in stature, graceful in build, fresh and healthy in appearance, good looking and handsome, and, withal of a lordly mien and carriage. - As you would, say, "every inch a king." "There was not among the children of Israel a goodlier per son than he; from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people."; Do not despise a fine physique. Plato.calls it "a privilege of nature";. Homer, "a-glorious fift of the Deity"; and Ovid, " a favor bestowed y the gods/' Has it never struck you howfre quently and pointedly the sacred writers allude to this quality ? It would be easy to find a score of Bible characters .who are spoken of as "comely," or "goodly," or of " great beauty." In comparison to the soul the body is not bf great account; but still it mußt not be treated lightly, or with neglect. The soul's lodgement should bo kept in the best and most beautiful condition. I do not encourage personal vanity. Far be it from me to say a ward that would lead you to become engrossed with your «utward appearance. The time Bpent by some-men as well as women-? at the looking-glass is reprehensible, alike .as waste of precious moments, and aa indicative of avain and giddy character. And, I believe, it invariably defeats its purpose. It does not help them into. the favor and good graces of the best class of people. Bather has it the effect of de stroying admiration, and turning it into" con tempt. "It is a great mistake," says Cobbet, in his essays to young men, " to suppose that you derive any advantage from exterior decoration. Though with the foolish and vain part of women fine clothes frequently do something ; yet the greater part of the Bex are much too penetrating to draw their conclusions solely from the OUTSIDE SHOW of a man. They look deeper, and find other criterions whereby to judge." The piece is not very classical j but, as expressing the common feeling of the best part of women towards the dandy or coxcomb, I believe it is almost perfec tion. I read you just one verse : Oh, gire me hut my masher boy, Each smile of hi£ is worth a dollar ; I view with superhuman joy His booby face, his sturcby collar. But, vanity and dandyism aside, we ought, by attention to diet and exercise, and the employ ment of a good taste and careful culture, to give to our appearance and deportment a pleasing, and not a repulsive or ridiculous character. There is no merit in untidiness, or in a slouching walk or barbarous demeanour. And the outward should be an expression of the inward ; the physical part of us should be the symbol oí the spiritual part * of us. There ought not to be a noble head and nothing in it; a beau tiful face and an ugly soul. Physical beauty alone is. a poor thing. Talleyrand said of a lovely woman that " beauty wa3 her least charm." An intelligent mind and a kindly heart are as necessary almost to make a face truly beautiful aa form and complexion. Physical beauty is often seen apart from spiritual beauty-*' a gold ring in a swine's snout." But if there be a beautiful BOUI, there cannot be a repulsive or unpleasant face. Intelligence and goodness will impart beauty to a form otherwise without attractions. The .second thing to notice about young Saul ia his FILIAL PIETY. The asses of his father had wandered from their pasture. He told his son to take a servant and go in search of the animals. And Saul did so, with alacrity, diligence, and cheerfulness, Foi days he wandered over hills and through valleys in pursuit of his task. Many a young gentleman of Saul's lordly cast and station-for his father ?was a wealthy man-would have demurred ai such a command. It was a menial task. - It wa« a servant's, work-a Blave's work. "Father," they would have said, impertinently, "what are you thinking about P You have surely forgotten the dignity of a son in this house. I have- not. Look for the asses ? No ; I will never degrade myself doing such a mean and commonplace piece of work. You can send one ol the slaves after your donkeys." Saul't obedience to hiB father was as complete as it was prompt and hearty. He did as he was told, offer ing no objections, and' asking no questions Whether the command- was pleasant or unplea aant, hard or easy, dignified or undignified, ifc was all the same. His will was entirely-subordinated to the will of his parent. There is no duty more plainly or strongly inforced in the Scriptures than the duty of obey ing parents. And with it are associated the highest awards and the severest punishments ; and-these rewards and punishments pertain, not only to the future, but to the present life. We have seen them, the operations of thiB law, both on it3 bright and dark side. It may be that we have, not always been particular to observe the relation between causes and effects; but on re flection the fact is impressed upon us ever more and more strongly that GOD BLESSES THOSE, even in this world, who obey father and mother, while His curse cornea, sooner or later, upon way ward and disobedient children. As by an inevitable sequence, the one appears to enjoy success and happiness, and the other to suffer disappointment and Borrow. Grati tude for all that parents have been to you should be a sufficiently strong motive to filial devotion. But here it has pleased God to give you a farther incentive-even His reward and blessing. It is not the highest motive, but self interest is .not an unworthy motive of human conduct. You are not to lose sight of the rewards of obedience to God's law, even when you look to repaying a debt to parental love and faithfulness. God has Himself told of these rewards for your encouragement : " Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long upon the land whicu the Lord thy God giveth thee." The late William F. Forster, while still a yeuth, was ambitious of a political career. His own notion was to study for the law, as the like-' liest means by which a poor man's son could enter Parliament. But his father insisted on his going into business. And the son did as his father wished without demur, although not with out keen disappointment and pain. . He fancied that his chances of Parliament were at an end. In this connection his biographer says : " The boy acted invariably in such a manner as to prove that the reverential regard he professed for his father.was really felt, and that he was at all times ready" tosubmit his own inclinations to meet the. wishes bf the batter." Did William Forster suffer ultimately by his filial submission ? Most péoplé will say that the father waa wrong, and that his action was fitted to thwart the hopea of his boy. And that is true. Bat Forster, by his füial hYinor,had secured the interposition and! '.' infiuence of Heaven on his behalf. And ^soi - unlikely as_: it looked, he got into Parliáménti ¿nd made a ¿ame for himself there by noble and valuable services to his country-a name which will not soon be dropped from our nation's story. " , ;. We must not omit to notice here additionally the affectionate CONSIDERATION FOE HIS: FATHER "which young Saul showed. After he had been away for some days in vain search of tho asses, he bethought himself that his father might be getting anxious about him-might, perhaps, be fancying that some evil had befallen him among the wild and lonely hills of Benja min. We hear him say to his servant : " Come, and let us return ; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us." I call him a " choice young man " who ia hoedfol not to give his father or his mother ono anxious thought or care. In New Zealand not long ag* two friends were engaged writing home to their parents in this country. Ono of them offered to enclose the other's letter in his to save the postage. It would only have delayed delivery a few hours. But the other declined. "No, thank you," he said ; " if it goes by itself, reaching her a little sooner, it may save my dear mother a tear." I wish more sonB, and moro daughters, too, were thus careful of their parents' feelings. I am unwilling to think that any who sit under this ministry aro lacking in a scrupulous concern for the discharge of filial duty. But daily almost I meet with the most painful instances of a son or a daughter's neglect. I know parents whose hearts are ofttimes sick, longing for a letter from some absent child. Their distress could hardly be greater were they called to weep over his bier. Oh ! it is terrible for a father or mother to think that they aro not enough remembered or considered by their children to induce them, in their absence, to write oven a few brief lines. I am persuaded better things of you, as I say, young men ; but I cannot forbear expressing my strong reprobation of this unfilial behavior. It is cruel ; it is wicked. I cannot speak less strongly of it, even if it should arise from thoughtlessness more than from unkindness of heart. Let not those guilty of it say, " No news is good news." That never soothed the pain or allayed the fears of an anxious parent. If their leisure is small, or they are wearied with toil, let them write, although it should be but to say ; " I am well. Your affectionate son." Father and mother will put in the rest. I have known even such a brief line to lift the burden from aparenta spirit. The third thing to notice about young Saul is his - MODEST DISPOSITION. On Samuel calling him to the kingdom, you remember his answer: "Am not I" s Benjamite of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the leasi of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin f wherefore then speakest thou to me after this manner?" AtMizpah, also, when the prophet was to introduce him to the nation as the future king, Saul was hiding among the stuff ; and could not be found until the place of his concealmenl was revealed by Jehovah. And, that this modest} was not affected, we have proof farther on in tht words of Samuel addressed to Saul when he was no more a model to imitate t " Though* thou waBl little in thine own sight, was thou not made tb« head OÊ the tribes of-Israel?" The great fault with people nowadays is thal they have too. good an opinion of themselves see themselves bigger and better a great dea than the reality. There is an old garment that has got to be much out of fashion. It was referred to by the Apostle, when he said : " Be clothed with humility." It would be well if . that garment came again into fashion. Ko dress is more becoming, or more beautiful. While pride makes men ridiculous, humility commands admiration and love. " A just and seasonable novelty," says Addison, "does not only recom mend eloquence, but sets off every great talent which a man can be possessed of. It heightens all the virtues whieh it accompanies. Like the shades in the painting it Taises and rounds every figure, and makes the coloring more beautiful, though not so glaring." Sir Joshua Reynolds was never satisfied with his work. He said once ta a friend, who was praising his pictures very highly: "Sketches, sketches, only sketches!" When George Washington rose to.reply to an eloquent and flattering speech, expressive of the thanks of his country for his services in the French and Indian Wars, he blushed, stammered, and then sat down in utter confusion, drawing from the speaker the farther compliment, j that his modesty was equal to his valor. Virgil, the " Prince of Latin Poets/' could not bear- to be stared at in the street; and would sometimes seek shelter in shops from the demonstrations of his admirers. But MODESTY MAY DEGENERATE into a vice-th vice not particularly common, however, among young men. In a recently pub lished autobiography I find the following: "I may startle some of my acquaintances by de claring that I am, and always have been, a highly nervous, retiring, and modest person-indeed, I often regret my timidity-and, if I had been more impudent and self-assertive, I should have been more successful in the world. I should have been moro prosperous if a kind of panic, created by a knowledge of my own short comings, had not so often made me dumb, when I ought t© have been more self-assertive/' Men suffer, and the world suffers, by an excess of modesty. Milton attributes to the just and pious honoring of ourselves every laudable endeavor and . worthy achievement. And so Pythagoras said to his pupil: "Reverence thyself." I would rather have a man over-estimate than under-estimato his powers. Whilo the first mistake may stimulate small talents to the per formance of great deeds, the: last may prevent I great talents from achieving, half their possibili ties. We are familiar with the grumblings of (so-called) "modest merit." It complains of neglect and of. unfair treatment. Nincompoops and nobodies are getting on, and even loaded with rewards and honors, while it is left without notice . and. without pay. But well has Washington Irving said . of these complaints : " They are-often the cant by which indolent and irresolute men seek to lay their want of success at the door of the public. Modest merit is too apt to be inactive, or negligent, or uninstructed merit. Well-matured and well-dis ciplined talent is always sure of a market, provided it exerts itself; but it must not cower at home, and expect to be sought for." Whatever you may think of yourselves in your own hearts, however humbly you estimate your attainments and gifts, out in the battlo of life have confidence in your powers. Do not skulk away ina corner, as if you imagined you had no right to be in the world at ¡all. Put yourselves into tho front. Men have no time to po searching for you among the bag gage. Make tho world aware of your existence, and of what you are prepared to do for the world. Only make sure that you have something beneath or behind your assur ance. That man will be covered with ridicule and consumed with shame who, blowing his trumpet, ia not able afterwards to make good his pretensions. The fourth thing to notice about young Saul is his INDEPENDENT AND GENEROUS spirit. In search of the asses, he came near to the town where resided the prophet Samuel. The servant suggested that he should consult the seer about the strayed herd. The idea was good capital-hero was a way at once but of his1 difficulty. "But," said Saul, "behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man ? for the bread is spent in our vessels, and there is not a present to bring to the man bf God-what have we?" And the-servant answered Saul ¿gain, and said, "Behold,.I have in my hand the fourth'part of a shekel of silver ; that I will give to the man of God, to tell us our way." Saul was a gentleman. Do not say that this was an eastern custom. It was ; and the plate at th© church door is a western custom: But Saul might have neglected tho* custom, as some among us-I do not say in this audience-may neglect the plate. Young men, clo nob take spiritual advice or teaching on charity. It is the height of mean ness to receive all the advantages of churches, and to bear no share, or no adequate share, in their support. Abjure this meanness. Go'with out a meal rather than fail to contribute your quota of your church's expenses. What you do not pay will have to be paid for you; and by those who have already borne their part. In these times, when so much is being said, cal culated rather, I believe, to afford covers for the mean-spirited than to spare the feelings of the godly poor, it is refreshing to come across words like . these from the pen of a distinguished ^layman, writing to young mon : " Never consent to become a bene ficiary, or take and use what others have given, without adding anything to the common stock. Occupying a free pew in church, and paying nothing for what costs somebody something, by those who are not helplessly or hopelessly poor, is disgraceful and demoralising in the last degree." There are OTHER TRAITS in young Saul's character to which I might allude,, as showing that he was "a choice young man." .His forbearance and self-control, foi example, when, on the occasion of Iris public anointing, he was despised and insulted by cer tain sons of Belial; and the -magnanimity and mercy which he manifested in his treatment oi the Ammonites. But I pass these over, and conclude with a reference to his religious nature. Saul ? was no proflígate ox idolater-. He respected the religion of his fathers; To aE outward seenaing. . he walked in the commandments of Jehovah.- Goa complains through Samuel, at a later stags of the » king's history, that he turned hack from following him, so that atone time Saul had evidently been controlled, at least to some extent by the Divine will. It is also stated that God had given Saul "another heart," and that the " Spirit of God." rested apon Saul. But it cannot have bean that he received " a new heart," or that he had. been " born again" by the power of the Holy Ghost. Saul was like many among ourselves maybe, among this audience-well disposed, to re ligion. He never spoke against it; and he so far conceded its importance aa to eonform externally to ita customs and laws. But there was NO DEPTH IN HIS RELIGION. It was a superficial growth-its roots did not ero down into the heart. And -hence the disap pointment of his later history. Giving BO much promise at the start, bis .lifo closed in midnight blackness and horror. Young men, I would press upon you tho lesson or Saul's life. You may have every good point-arith which he started, and yet you may end, like Hm, in alienation from God and from hcpe. This writing^ may stand over against your soul» if you had only eyes to see it and a heart to understand it: " Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting." Ah-"choice young men!" Therq are multi tudes. They are the delight of parents and. friends. Even in the church we hold them in high esteem. How upright ! how pure! how good! how serviceable. Tried by the world's standard, they are worthy of all admirar tion and'of all praise. But He who looketh upon the heart does not share the world's satisfaction. As He said to the commandment- keeping young man long ago, so Christ says to many a young man in our homes and in our churches to-day "One thins thou lackest." And that, young man, is everything. " Notby works of righteous noss -which we have done, but according to His mercy He saved us, through the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost. Without ' A PERSONAL, HOLD OF CHRIST by faith there is no security either of present per sistence in morality or of finar redemption. Nothing but this will shield us against the fiery darts of tho wicked one now, or against the wrath to be revealed upon transgressors at the last day " This is the victory which overcómeththe world, even our faith." " There is no crendemnatiorx to them that are in Christ Jesus." .Amid the manifold temptations of Efe, young men, temptations of the flesh and of the mind, I entreat you to seek a living union with tho Saviour. Your resolution may fail, effort may become weak, purpose may falter, -however sup ported by tho sympathy bf friends and by their entreaties. But the grace of God will suffice you for every emergency. If yon look to Christ in your hours bf temptation, and depend upon His grace to sanctify, as you depend upon His blood to justify, you will be safe in all perils and in all trials. No storm that ever can rage will drive you from your, moorings with your anchor sure and steadfast, and entering into that which is within the veil. 