ROD AM) WHIPPING POST ITA&ELLATIOX; IXA3IERIC\\. ..-. . ,. (jsew touk trnnES.) - . " He that sporeth the rod bateth his son, -but. he thatJo.ves him chastises. him batiuies;'' said Solomon. , Ibe pedagogue ot -the ^ old school was, therefore, a man after; the heart of the wise Israelite. Tnebirch" held.as; important it place 111-the curriculum'of some of the oldtime. Bchools as ;Latm or-Greek-- so much so, that, when our, l,iiglish :grandfathers y used to: call to memory.(heir schoolboy da vs they did not say,'• When I was at school,' 1 but -When: I was under tne rod.', The schoolboys of the present have ;not,the. sUghtest idea -of the" punishments, undergone by their "ancestors,; I'lapellation is now out of uate, except m one small comer of our country, aud th« ". birch' 1 of .to-day is only a, ghost of what it was a century ago •- ;Whippmg has . ,been far mote..- .severe m -English schools than in American.. The English .schoolboy, ,100 years, ago, either had Greek. < pounded ;into him .or lifb .pounded out of him- •One old-fashioned schoolmaster boasted that m the course of fifty years he- had given 500,000 camngs and lit. proper : floggings. Another .record-shows.that .-durmg £ity-one -years m a: ',large,London school .there were administered 911,600 canlng3; 121,000 floggings, -209;000 custodies, ISGjOOO tips with a ruler, 10,200 boxes on the ears, and 227,oOO tasks learned by heart, besides hundreds of thousands of ear pinches. During that time in the same school (i.OOO boys were made to kneel on a sharp-edge of , wood, 700 to stand on peas, and -5,000 "to wear the fool's cap.. These severe punishments frequently had a ,comical side, when the culprit,-,bem£ the superior in'Size, turned the tables upon the worthy pedagogue, giving hima practical taste ot his owa ideas of compulsory education. - .„-• Englishmen have a rrery bad opiniont of Americans as floggere. They think us chi'onic- -whippets. -In a. London .publicationnot -long since appeared-this statement: •'Domesticfiogging, or what is called 'spanking,- prevails, more or less, all over America, so, far as the younger branches of the family are concerned. *• • 4 So'is ,and.daughters,we are told, have to endure the rod until they are of aniarnageable age, « -.«, Grown young ladies are frequently whipped in, some of the American-schools, and it -has'been reserved for Amending to make. a trade -of flogging--, they having invented, a machine in. the-.days ;of slavery, going by horse-power, for whipping niggers." . . , - The first whipping in school on this side of the Atlantic was done by the' old schoolmasters of New- Amsterdam. Dutch youngsters used to cut frequent hookie3, and it was customarr for tie parents to tarn then; children over to the " schul-meister"-for discipline. Flogging in colonial days- -was , not common m the schools, - •thoiigli with other £)nghsh -customs came tint -of usmgthe " birch." The firat person pubhcly Whipped; u -America was ,,ft- Quakeress, named Mary CIttrk, who was given., twenty stripes for preaching in -Boston m 1657. The next to sufferan thia manner were Christopher Holder and John Oopeland, both flogged on account of their xeligious belief by the Sroitansin-Bbston, and mthin tha next year twelve iwieons were pubhcly whippedjjecause they were Quakers; ;; After the whipping of-CopelaSd many left Ibssachusetts and settled on -Long Island and m the Dutch -colonies, but they were treated there m-.the same way. One 'Robert Hodshone trasaccusedof holdmgajneetingat Hempstead. Hswasbrought'OVertoNaw- Amaterdam, dragged-through the-town at tho tnil of a cart, .was whipped inside, the fort end fined 600 eailders, and -because- he could not par the fine he was unmercifully flogged a secona time: The following/warrant was iBSued at Dover,Sfess-, uiI662 " To the constables of fOover; Hampton, Salisbury, iSTewboiiy, Lynn; Bo"ton,-Koxbury, . and Dedham.. Uiital the -vagabond'-'Quakers areicacrted. out of, this/jurisdiction you a,re to give them sound whippings; you and' every one of jxra «m reqmieff in the King's •-Majesty's name to take tnesa vagabond Qua*»er6, - Anne Goleman, Mary Tompkmo, and Alice Ambrose, and make them fast to the carl's tail and to whip them upon their naked backs. -Convey them from constable to constable until they are out- of ; this-.«junsdicfaon, as you will answer it. at 3-our ueril, and this shall bo ''your warrant. ,: "AtDover, :22nd Dec., 1062, Ferine ' " HicHinn WALDEN. ' , .- Tne warrant is still preserved at Boston-. A similar commission was issued by-John Endicott in 16b4 for the Hogging of Edward "Wharton. -T?l0ggmgs of a 6nnilar nature occurred frequently until the Quakers were safely setfled in Pennsylvania. The following account of a whipping, wlucli took place at Boston in 17J4,; is taken irom airold newspaper published m 1774 - 1 1 * . -"-Captain-St. :Leo, commander of a war ship, themn -Boston Harbour, bemg apprehended for walking on the Lord's day, was sentenced hy a justice ,of :the »eace to pay a fine- and on xeifusuig to--pay had tosit^n the 'atoeksanhour during,the day. "While m the 6locks the good people supplied him with much good advice as to .his future conduct on the Sabbath day Altec no was released the captain expressed -great,regret,fophis past transgressions;- aiidde- • clared.to themthat >he-was in future resolved :.tD,,iead,,a®eK-- Iife. :-'g:ile Bamfe bf Bo'stonw-cie of course , delighted at hie sudden reformation, and'jn,order.tha{tbecaptalniiiigMBtillfu'rtlier prefithy thprgood coiifasel manj of them m ;vite<3 himto.duiner. e 'T to Cap tarn proved to be ,a most .zea]ous and;genume'convert, Heat-- , tended .prayer meetrng and showed every ontward marlc of grace. At length he was obligeS to put ta sea. but before'the-day of de- .paiture -lnyited ijaany of his'spuitual advisers to,dinner ,aboard,vthe vessel, -which' lay -ready; in Kantasket Eoads j , -V A-capital ^dinner was ,proyiaed;-at- which: .many. -bottles were drained to' the 'captain's heii.lt.h- When the nftei'-dinner harmony was it its height, a body gf s„ajlor6 burnt into the .cabin .aiid-seizSd.thO'guests. ; , :Th"ey wera'diagged :o'n deik, tied to a grating,' and the boatswain and his assistants administered the law of-Moses in amost energetic manner, the captain meantime assuring ,ethem- that' the mortihcatinn -of tlife (tended;.to ithe-saving of : the soul : They were handled into "their boat ; ;and-the csiptain; 'immediately-set'sail; ,j , • , ; ..:,. ,- The onlycpliice.in' the,13nltedStates wliei-c tlie .old idea that: whipping, is a means of edification isstill clung to is mlJelaware." In that state .-there are whippmg;posts,^ouo^at ©over,one at ^eorgetown/and'another.'at New-Caste-" " 