Xo.].3 SOUTH AUDLEY STEEET. (vanity faih.) It wns a charming* little house, ana it muted mo exactly. My xvifo said bo ; and as every thing tliat pleases her pleases ino, I said so too; and wo took it fnrnlslied for twelve months from Jjady- day. Tho landlord s name was Mr. do Xtosay : hut we never siw him, bb ho had gone abroad. We only in tended to use tho house for tho season und for occasional visits wiien the country became dull, or when tho frost .stopped huntiuir. As a mattir oi fact, we lived in it for three-quarters of our term, and tried to take it ou afterwar Is: lmt ttie owner was coining back to live iu it, und is living there tit this moment. I have not been quite so certain during tho past few weeks that X should like to return to it: but tnv wife says tint, except for an attack of indigestion and a consequent night mare, I never was sick or sorry in it, and that she wishes to goodness we were back now, instead of in a Victoria street flat. X deny tho indigestion, nnd question the night mare; but it is of no use. My wife would go to tho Blnnkncys’ hall on the fitli of July in last year,'and X would not. Everything which .pleases my wife pleases me; lmt exceptions provo tho rule. So when she paid that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleased to iro without me, nnd tho role was again proved ; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her ; hut eventually consoled myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of course I hail to stand him supper in return, so wo had a lobster salmi and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden lane—I forget tlic names of thoso places now that I am married. Tho supper was excel lent, so was tho burgundy; nnd after a cigar I turned in about I o'clock, and foil asicep so quickly that X bad hardly time to wonder how my wife was cnjoyiug herself, and to hope that she would not wako me on her return. X must hnve been nsleep for a couple of hours when 1 was aroused by a light in my eyes. Thinking that it was my wife, I grunted a remonstrance and prepared to turn over to my other side. 1 partly opened my eyes as X did so, and, to my astonishment, saw a man in evening dress bending over my bed with a candle iu his hand. I was asleep on tho left side of tho bed. in the position that I always occupy; and as tho bed was a very wide one, I could not at first make out what ho was doing, as I wns without my eyeglass. When, however, 1 had really got my eyes open nnd used to the light, I could see that he was paying no attention to me, hut looking at the [ side of the bed nearer to him~tho side, in fact, usually occupied by my wife. Was that a sob? 1 turned rny head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my wife—no; tho hair on the pillow was long and fair, and ray wife is a brunette, and— Iietween ourselves, this—some of her hair-. At ail events, it wns not my wife, but a fair woman quite unknown to me, who was lying halt undressed outside of the bed. Her eyes must have been half closed, for the man bout lower and held the candle close to hc-r face as if to rouse her. “You are in pain, woo aaiis," he mur mured, in a very' deep, hut not disagreeable voice, " Drink this.” In his left hand tho man held a wine-glass, with some dark liquid iu it. Tho woman moaned faintly. “ You shall drink it,” he said, in a slightly louder tone. And as he did so he placed the caudle on the f*s>t of tho bed. While moving, tie threw the light more completely on his features, and I saw them clearly, lie was a dark, aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a Jowiah type, with black hair and moustache, and with tho blackest eyes that ever I saw, and tho hardest looking. There was the least touch of something wrong with tho left eve—a cast, I suppose, but a slight one— just enough to give a sinister expression to the face in some aspects of it. lie returned with the wine glass still in his left hand, and with his right ho clutched the woman's left wrist, and 1 could see his teeth clinch and the muscles of his lean square jaw set themselves. She gave a little shriek of pain, but opened her hand, and then, let her fingers close ou the stem of tho glass. “Brink it off,’’ ho said; 11 it is tho sedative Mir William ordered ; a wonderful thing for neuralgia.” .‘■'ho raised tier head from the pillow and put the glass to her lips. As she did so, I could see tho marks on her wrist, whoro he hail clutched it, change from white to red. “ It is very strong,” she said, taking a •• Drink it down,” ho said, still in his deep, gentle voice: and putting his arm round her neck he thrust his linger against her lips till she opened her mouth, llis hand was on the bottom of the glass, and he tilted it till it stood on end. title choked and coughed. “ You are as hard to dose as a dog,” he said, with a low, soft laugh. “ You will soon sleep now. Good-night, nun amir." Then he took up tho light and walked to wards the door, looking back as he did so with a sort of smile on his cruel, sallow, face, and witii the cast in his eye more apparent than ever. It was the sort of look that a man might have as ho watched the result of an interesting experiment—u look full of quiet, choerful interest. I had been waiting then from second to second—tho whole transaction hardly took a minute—for one of them to notice me. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, hut a vamie feeling kept me silent. Now that the man was actually leaving the room I shouted after him. But, to my horror, I could not hear myself; and the man did not turn his head as he closed the door after him. Had I been suddenly struck with deafness, he at least would have heard : nnd I should not have l-een able to listen, as I was listening, to tbs heavy laboured breathing of the woman lying beside me iu tho pitchy darkness, or to be con scious that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring up in bed with a yell of horror that' re sounded through tho house, clutching in vain terror in the blackness, my hand falling first iqiou the head and then upon the hand of the woman beside mo. 'To mv astonishment, my hand was angrily grasped by little warm fingers, then flung back upon the counterpane ; while the voice of my wife, sleepy, very crass, but unmistakably hers, asked what on earth I meant by rousing her from her first sleep when she had shown sneh consideration in slipping into bed without disturbing me. I told her as well as I could ; but noither then, ner during tho day which followed, when I told the whole storv much as I have above, was any explanation which did not include the buttered crab accepted by her. In fact, she pooh-poohed and s-otfed at my ghost story to such an extent that, though the incident took place a year ago, I have hardly ventured even to think of it. since. Bat the whole atfair was brought to tnv mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was at the office of my late landlord’s solicitor, making some payments, which, by-the-bye, 1 ought to have madu on giving up pos session at T-adv-day. I had remarked to him how sorry wo were to turn out, and that he really might have allowed us to stay on for a few weeks of the season, con sidering that our landlord had only now “ ’What sort of a man is Mr. do Kosay!" I asked. •* Ho seems pretty peremptory, from the oulv correspondence I have had with him.'’ “ 1’ooro’d "Will !” said Mr. Inkpon. “ He is no; so bad ns he makes himself out, and he has had a lot of trouble. However, he seems happy enough now. I.ook at his photo graph And tho solicitor, who was filling up a receipt for mv money, nodded towards a huge envelope which lay on the table in front “ What sort of trouble I asked, think ing that, at all events, Mr. de Uosay had not had to accompany his w ife over a' hundred and odd furnished flats nnd houses in search of a roof to shelter him. “ Trouble I” ejaculated Mr Inkpon. “Why his young wife died when they had only been married a year.” 1 had been thinking of my bachelor days, hut still 1 expressed a becoming sympathy for Mr. de liosay. Mr. Inkpon, who is a very cheery specimen of a lawyer- more like a family doctor than a family* solicitor—ran “ Charming girl she was, with a snug fortune, ."la South Andle_v street was hors, and she died there two years ago on Satur day next. You did not know your land lord was my cousin? Ho used to wander about looking like a corpse; but since lie has been abroad, liko many people who seem heartbroken, he has married again." “ Indeed!” 1 said, in an utinecfesssrily sur prised tone, and wishing all the time that my thoughts would not travel quite so readily to my bachelor days. “Y’es, married a great friend of his wife’s —a clever girl,-who, curiously enough, was studying medicine in London ufc the timo iMnrio was taken ill.** “Indeed!” I paid again. I was getting n little tired of Mr. And Mrs. tie itosay; bat Mr. Tukpcnwent on— 44 She used to help to nurFe poor Mario with the greatest devotion ; fed her. mixed Iter drinks—everything, in fact. Shegavn up her studies to do so. Curions whit unu woman will do for another, isn’t ir '? Will is half Spanish himself, mid his fir>t wife was French ; bnt thU tiru.. he has married an Knglish girl, thank good new*! Well, well, if lie is ever dl !„i wilt lmve a good nurse to h*ok after him, and n very pretty one too. Look at her photo l drew from the envelope a cabinet piV-rmo of two persons standing side by ride. At tb*. pretty features of the bride I hardly glance!; the man beside her was enough for m»*. There he stood, unmistakable —the dark ba r and moustache, the sinater smile, th*' rarioiw look in the left eye! I suppose 1 n“* o I some exclamation, for Mr. Inkpeti h>_*M*d nji surprised, “ What is the matter:** he Raid, rath*.’: drily. 44 You don’t know her, do you “ No.” I said; 14 but ho is like sr.Tr.'r.n* [ know.** Then, as I could hardly t-.il ?-.y story to n solicitor and the cousin of tr,. in question: 44 What did his first w if.* of r” 44 Very pad affair,** he answered. 4‘TV.i.,v»' woman. Headaches and neuralgia—you know the sort of thing ; took a lot of opiate-. Or.. night she took an overdone oi chloral «.r laudanum, or something of thn kind, a:,,I died while he was in the next nxjtu uadr* 41 Dear me !** was all T could say. ‘‘ H w 41 Sad ?** he echoed ; 4‘ It was or.ly Mr iron nerves and constitution that } ;.• reason to stand the shock. I hnd a M* M worry, too, about the business, trying t . her insurance money for weeks -r*' *.b y would pay it. We had to thnat-r. :u action, bnt they gave in. Ox course, ir \ not suicide." 44 No,” I echoed : 44 of course it wi^ suicide. What date did you say 44 It was Saturday next—the .»:h <>t .M:. bless 7011!” said Mr. Inkpeti. • gratified at having so visit..v sti-■-■<< i v. 44 We should have been nowh.-r*•. same, hut for that girl, the nr.-^nt Min. Kosay. She knew of every dron t::vt p Marie took, and could not h*--r. V. . it*s all over now, and de lb-ay v. :’.l -r-:M the second anniversary of h:- nr*r -vi:. death in her house with a new bride. V.’b r a thing it is to have iron nerves ! 1 >• you envy him r“ “ No,** I said, turning as I left the r> >m ; 44 upon my soul I don’t!” 1 fancy Air. Inkpen stared a little as I left. I would not pass to-night at 'M'> S*..uth Audloy street, if I had the house rent-free Mr the rest of the season. No, upon my .-onl, I do not euvv Air. de Rosay to-night, ::or his wife either! 1 hit perhaps she has iron 