-HE COLOBL'S FUNERAL. All Ocan Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXIV.--continued. THE DUEL I nHn never before been concerned in a duel, and in the matter of the strict eti quette of this sort of encounter was en tirely at a loss how to act. However, I had always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so.ruling a line athwartships almost abreast of the manin mast, I made twelve stepsand then scored another line crosswise, measuring the in teral a second time, and finding that it was very fairly twelve of my own paces. The smen had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all their might They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and they were not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to the spectacle. It was to be something of a far more wildly exciting sort than catching a shark, aye, or even oasy be of seeing a man hung at a ship's yardrnin. It put a sort of sickness into ma somehow to witness that swarm of whiskered mahlogany-cheeked faces, all hooking thirstily, expectation shaping evewe posture, with a kind of swimming of the whole body of them too in the haze of heat into which the yacht's jibboom ,cent twisting in a manner to make the train dizzy to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one has ex amined the expression of the countenances of a moh, big or little, assembled in expec tation of witnessing human suffering. I stepped below. Colonel Hope-Ken ttedy sat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drumnuing softly with the lingers of his left hand. I approached him, and iving hint a bow, which he returned with an air of great dignity-men are amazingly ilite when arranging the terms of some cut- throat job--- said, "It is my painful duty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once." " Not a moment need be lost so far asI am concerned," he answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like Tprcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them. " My cousin requests me to state," I continued, "that you will consider him as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist simply in giving the signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point--" "It could not have prevailed with me," he exclaimed. "The madman's blow was needless. On what part of the yacht do we fight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. "As there are no seconds," he said, "I presume we load for ourselves?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's sugges tion," I answered. "Have you the pistols, sir?" "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and ?rocked and walked in without waiting for him to tell me to enter. He was writing in his diary; he instantly throw down his pen and jumped from lis chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" he asked. "Your pistols are identical, I believe?" said L "'Exactly alike," he answered. "Then Colonel Hope-Kennedy's choice,, said I, "Cannot furnish him with any ad vantage over you, by his choosing, I mean, with a soldier's experience the preciser weaponl" "There is not an atom of difference between them," lie exclaimed. "Yonder's the case, Charles. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose, for himself." Hle could not have spoken more coolly lunl he been giving me the most colnnoll place instructions. I remember wondering, whilst 1 looked at him and listened to hiin whether he actually realised his own in tention; yet I should have known better than this if only for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that made every accent hard and steady. He said: "When you are ready ring the hand bell on the table; I will then join you." "But you will charge your own pistol," said I, "ao I must return with the weapon niter the Colonel has mn:ule his choice." "'o," he exclaimed; "carry the case ol deck nn:d load for me." "' Cry well." said 1, wearily and sick i hleart, and devoutly wishing that some leavy black z luall would come thundering down on the yacht as the precursor of a l:Je of wind and delay this wretched business, for the present, anyway, I took Ihe plistol-ce ;and returned it to Colonel IlhI'-Kennedy. He slilghtly glanced at the trc.u'ins, and said with a faint smile: "They:ue an elegant brace of wcapons. Either will do for me." "Will you load on deck or here. sir?" "hlene, if you please." lie extracted one of thle .i,.tol, ioised it in his hand, toying a moment or two with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then re turned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one he had handled very well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. "Have you a surgeon on board ?" he enquired. SI answered "No." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, "No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound 1" Again I answered, "No." He seemed to wince at this, the only expression of un easiness I had witnessed in him. Finding he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, sir, I will summon my cousin." "I am ready," he replied. On this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion stops, my cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and I at his heels, with the pistol-case under my arm and a very livelysense of murder in my heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I was very thankful that she remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's coin posure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though lie were rehearsing a long speech ; Crimp grasped the wheol. Heaven knows how it was that I should have found eyesight for smalloutsido features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recol lect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into his cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht elided his squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with an energy tlht suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, " It will be satis factory to myself, sir, if you will kindly measure the distance I have chalked." SHis eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving me a slight; now he said, nonchalantly, "I am quite satisfied." "With regard to the light," I con tinued, looking from him to Wilfrid, "You will decide for yourselves gentle men, which end of the vessel you will face;" "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with ae slight shrug. "Then," said Wilfrid, "I will have my back to the wheel." I could not be sure that he was well ad vised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would throw out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Criiup's was pro jected, clean lined asa shadow cast by the moonlight on a white deck. "It may be as well to toss for position,' I said. "No," cried Wilfrid, "I am content." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men. 'y heart thumped like a coward's in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your miad rela tive to feather-edge himself. Ile is all front. 'Tis too irrational to take advan ta.ge of." \ilfrid heard him and cried out, " Let him look to himself. Ready with signal, Charles." I pulled out my pocket- handkerchicf, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the wheel and came skinuuing up to Finn, rumbling out, in a voice half choked witll tobacco juice, that thegent's pistol (mecan ing the Colonel's) was upon himim full, and that lie wasi't going to be omade cold beef of for any man. " Ready, gentlemen ! " I cried, and de sirous of emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener sight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out " Noow!" and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only ; it was like the sharp creck of a whip. For the inlltlll I did not know , hiic mani's pistol had ex ploded, but the little curl of siioke at Wilfrid's end told nme that it was his. I saw the Colouel fling his arms up,, and his weapon lrashed as lie seemed to lire it straight into the air. "(God God ! how generous !" was the thoumght that swept through me ; "he will not fight." lie continued holding his pistol elevated whilst you could have counted ten, withl a sl'ght backward leaning posture and an indescribable look in hlia face, absolutely as though he were endeavourinug to follow the flight of the bullet ; his weapon then fell to the deck, he made a clutch with both hands at his heart, with a deep groan sank-his knees yieldiug, and, with his hands still at his heart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that he was dead. His face was as reposeful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whatever of pain in it -nay, such faint distinguishable expres sion as I remember had the air of a light smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arn ; the orifice was as cleanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity! I How gents of this kind stand upon their honour yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. There was a kind of liiftn look in his face, that with his swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indi cated a mood of scornful triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," said I. "I have shot hinm through the heart," aid lie, talking like one newly aroused from his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You hit him in some vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "He made sure of killing me; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. "He'll trouble no other man's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to that hell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, "was good at least for another twenty years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him?" "Carry him below." "Finish" he called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms lie grasped. "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone- dead, as Mr. Monson declares, get it stitched up. I'll tell you when to bury him." "Ay, ay, sir," answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. My cousin handed me his pistol. As he did so his manner changed; a broken hearted look-I do not know how else to describe the expression-entered his face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a suftlrer from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed close behindd: "His death does nuot return to me what he has taken from nme. With hiii go iny honour, my peace of mind, the love that was my wife's-all gone-all gone!" lie muttered. "My God!" he almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that lie lies there." "Be advised by me, WVilfrid," said I; "withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible morningi--onough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. You met him bravely, fairly, honour ably. Hie has paid the penalty of his infaimy, and though Heaven knows 1 would have gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it has happened, I thank God your life is preserved and that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and he took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn catme staggering towards the companionI batcl, bearing tile body between them, on which lie walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, sup porting his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the slihcl. I went up to himt. "I'll keep the helmi steady, ' said 1, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me the case off the sky light." Whilst lie did this we were hailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect oil the rail and steadying himself by a Lackstay, "but 1 should be glad to know if the gent's coming ablard?" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for him." The man tossed his arm is ith a gesture very signifisant of a growling "Well, well!" and then with a flourish of his hat lihe cried: "A lucky run Ihomte to 'ce, gentlmuten all!" dismounted, and fell to singing out ore!crs. His wild-looking crew ran about, the maintopsail-3ard slowly swang round, and plrecutly the ldeeply-hl:len, malodorous craft, rolling clumsily upon a swell to whlsm light summer heavings our yacht wans .s:rtu.oying with fairy grace, was headiung round to her course, blurring the water at her bows to the blowing of the mild brcezo that had scarcely power enough to lift her fore. sail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, sir?" said Finn to me, "there'll be nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to see." " By all means, Captain Finn; and then get the boat hoisted and a course shaped for home, for our quest is over and we have nmade southing enough, Heaven knows ! " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put is jocund ninmbleness into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cut bill tried to walk and look as though he were sensible that death lay under his feet end that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and lie measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that lie snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home I " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomit ing sailors, and in a breath the lustrous docks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or two to exchange a few words with Finn. "You are sure the colonel is dead?" "Ay, sir; he'llbe no deader a thousand years hence." "A bloody morning's work, Finn I I feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death, 'tise best as it is. Have you any particulars of the foundering of the Shari ?" "tThe yarn her people-I mean the surwivors aboard the barque-spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting 'em. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though ship wrights had been at work there. Then the pounding iof the wreckage .dongside started a butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There were boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just tinlme to get away when the Shark: foundered. 'Twas blow ing hard then and a high sea rnnning, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Lisa Robbins fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I supplose it's the true yarn right enough." "1 dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined stormnn thunder ing upfrom the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along- we've all had enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body ?" " In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir." I gave hinl a nod, and with the pistol. case under my arm, descended the steps and went to my cabin. CHAPTER XXV. TIIE COLONEL'S FUNERAL. Ox entering my berth I threw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a de spondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified no nmore than reaction following the wild excitement I hlad been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com pleto wretch. It then occurred tome that hunger mlight have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food lid crossed my lips since dinner time on the pro ceding day. It was about two o'clock in the after noon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward-who seemed tlhankful to lhave an order to attend to-to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine h?as its art of tender blandislhments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts tlhe brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leanins g back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grimn incidcnts which had crowded the morning, I heard mly ulme l)ronounced close at my car, and, whipping round, found Miss Laurn at mly elbow. "I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. " What is the news 1" "Have not you heard i" I inquired. " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. I lave seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." "Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy throughl tIle leart," said I, "as hIe declared hle would, and the body lies yonder ;" and I pointed to tIe recess that lMufllin had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed !" she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice; and she saik into a clhair beside mie, and leant hlier face on her hand speelless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. " Better tlhat hle shlould ihave been shot than Wilfrid," said I. "But hle is dead; of Ilimi then lot us speak notlilng since we cannot speak good. I have just suc cededo in fighting myself out of a hlideous mnood of melanchloly with thIe help of yond,'r bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You hlave eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I thlcre fore advise a glass of champagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowl;" and that she might not say no, Iput on an air of bustle, called to tihe steward to isnune diately open a 1,int bottle of ehanpagnre, helpeld hler to a little piece of thie fowl, and, finding her still reluctuant, gently in sinuated a knife and fork into ler lhands. "oWe are hlrmwcard bound," said I: "see ! the sue hals slipped 'tothler sidu of the yacht. Our bowsprit hr.ints directly for dear old Soutlamlipton Water. So," said I, filling a glass of clhalnpagne and hianding it to her, " yeu meust absolutely drink to our prosperous voyageo, not only to lthe lhiIp that goes, but to the uwind thar blows, whilst," said I, helping Iny slf to aothlersmall dose of ligumely, "1'11l drink the lass tlhat loves a Eailor." She could 'not forbcar a slight smiile, dcrlnk and tlell ioe a little, euct luresently I saw how much good it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Monson was. "In my cabin," she answered; "she will not speak to me; she asks my maid for what she requires; she will not even look at me." "It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon : there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows'? " She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, "Your sister miust not be allowed to starve. I fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain Crimp's odious old barque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Here," said I to the maid, "get me a tray. Steward, open another bottle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said I. "I want you to cheer me up." I went to mycousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made ime move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of a knight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, lie was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any nor oyes starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as ia tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally as tonished. "Conceive, Mr. Monson," she ex claimed, "that the whole may have passed out of his memory i" "I wish I could believe it," said I. "No, he has just lain downas aboy might whois tired..out and dropped asleep. A nnmi is to be envied for being wrong headed sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel- but we agreed not to speak of him. Miss Jennings you are better al ready. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is inl your gaze, and now you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is no time for com pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity that was above demureness. At that mboment Cutbill and Crimp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under Ihis arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Mullin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remlark. It was im possible that she should suspect their mis sion. But thesightof them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. "Will you share your cabin with your sister ?" I asked. "No; she cannot hear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her 1" "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said I. " There's a cabin next mine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife--" "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be all the saune even if lie should sleep amongst the crew forward. Donot anticil)ate trouble, Mr. Mlonson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for your sister," said 1, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saviring what she stands up in, and Isere she finds your wardrobe, tihe two score conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and sci. ors, bodkins and tape bless me i what a paradise after the'Liza .Robbits." And tlhen I told herho- tile Shark was lost, giving her thIe yarn as I had it fruom Finn. "AAnyway," said I, "Lady Monson is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." " lBut I did not wish her-I did not want Colonel IIolpe- Kenelcdy killed," slhe exclaimed with a shudder. " Yet you could have shot himi," said I; "do you rememsberour chat that nighlt off the Isle of Wighlt 1" "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. '"But now that he is dead--oh, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. "It inust always be so with generous natures," I exclailsed. "What is abhor rent to them in life, death converts into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that liher ladyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to do with hier? " "She is niever likely to leave her cabin," she replied. "When tile lBrife arrives home then 1" "I cannot tell." S" Had Wilfrid's misfortune been iiine this is the consuideration tllat would have stared le ill tihe face from thie very start andl hindererl me fromn taking, asy step that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce Court." Ilcero her maid arrived and whispecred to lher, on whichl, givisg me a pretty little a :d smile, shle rose and went to her cabin. 1 mounted to tihe deck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing indler a pIlea suit breeze of wind whose lhot but;zinbg as it hunimued like the vast ineect life of a tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the pleasant noise of running waters on either hand. My first look was for the 'Liza Robbins, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our leo quar ter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me lie approached with a ship shape salute and exclaimed : "I suppose tlhere is no doubt, sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home " "For what other part of the world, captain 1" " Well, sir, at sea one wants instruc tions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home ? " "Hoe lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in his cabin and knows nothing." "Lor' bless muse I" cried Finn. "But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitch the body up." "Yes, sir. His honour told me to get it done it once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of. them things long." "When do you mean to bury him " "Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of- " and screwing up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. "You are right, Finn. We have had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your honour read the orfice ?" "D'yo mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for. you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of tile morn ing, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table pre pared but no one present. I was stand ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabin. He was dressed as if for a ball-swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indlceed it was easily seen that ihe had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as tlhough on a sudden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at him. There had never been any ceremony amongst us; in point of meals we had smade a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white lisen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. "Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, " you mustgive me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," he cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens l how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one'sforefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on thie French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now-where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden breaking away front the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baflting smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. " Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, "I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with his finger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him ,attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us; tlhen on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked asmile but for the concern? and anxiety his looks caused use. We took our places, and lie fell to acting the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for clhmpagne, talking as if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a low pitched key, and one saw that there was a perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of hIis wife close at hand, but hle never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proxisnity put an indescribable quality of ghastliness into his hectic mannser, the crazy air of con viviality that flushed, as with a glow of fever, hIis speesh, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concenming the eventls of the miorning, the object of our excursion, its aclhievement, tihe chanige of the yacht's course, escaped hlim. He drank freely but without any other result tlhan throwing a little colour upon hIis high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflictiing expressions which filled with wildness hIis large, pirotrudinig, near-sighted gaze at one or the other of us. I saw too clearly how it was with the poor fellow to feel shocked. Miss Laura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which she seemsed to listen to his conversation, in hlier well-feigsed ignorance of tlhere being ulytlhling unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal hlier deep-seated apprehlension that stole like a slhadow into hier face when she looked downwards in some interval of silence thst esabled hlier to thinkl, or when hlier eyes ,met mine. After dinnier my cousin fetched hIis pipe and asked me to join hlim on deck. 1 took advantage of hIis al-sence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "We must siot forget that Lady Monson is on board. Upon miy word, I believe you are right in your suggestion this afternoon that Wilfrid has forgottei all about it, or surely ihe would have made rome lrefeurcnce to lier dinisig." "1'll take care that she is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I pur posely abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his ai os, that he would have been irritated by mte lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is after such a morning as we have passed through" hero she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay-"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart." He returned with his pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-in-law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "I have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see that my cabin is prepared." I thought this answer would start him into questioning her, but lie looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they don't suffice we'll have Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a green grocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only I" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiterl thought I, Lady Monson will hear that and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board I Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid; "I'll roll you up as pietty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed.. "Why of a beautiful night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, Finn ?" "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "tie capt'n's a-laying down, but he's guy orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mnistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilfl? The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourielves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find hin so easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of the glory which the de parting sun trails down the western slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight-for my cousin's strange humour had m;ule a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in tihe star-laden dusk, a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. Tle cabin lamps glowing into the skylight shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phan tasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall, noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated tihe recollection of the duel as strong in him. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings away from his train of thought ; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in fant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as the fugitives were con cerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave hint an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked care lessly on twenty lmatters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy- in the tone of his voice, comp;tratively subdued as it was, and ill his vehement mlanner of smoking, pufling out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased nmy mind had he made some reference to the morning. You felt as if the memory of it must be working in him like somse deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from hilm at moments wlhen 1 thought of the character of the source whence lie drew the strengthl that enablel hisu to mask himiself with what might well have passed for a smsre company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. "Going to turn in ?" he asked. "It lhas been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," ie exclaimed; "tlhe one stirring, imemorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you, and we will pledge it in a bumper before parting." We entered the cabin ; it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. " She should be with us, Charles," cried my cousin, with a light of excitement in his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlighlt, asid a half smile of malicious triumlph riding his lips. "N'o, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Wilf I want to see you tunred in my dear boy." "'Poolh, poohl; Ihang turning in ! I feel myself of forty-spirit power to-nighlt, just ill the lhumour, if I were a lieluber, to go down to thle HIouse ands terrify thIe old ladies in it who ccdl themselves Sir JohlIs and Sir ThlomIsIes, and who wear swallow-tailed coats and broad-brilunedl hIats, with a passionate attack on the British Constitution." He called for biandy and seltzer. How ever, we ihad not been sitting twenty hisrmutes whn ls i his iiol elhaghed; hIis dinlsier-lprty fsce darkkensed. lie frsilded his anus ansd lay hick ii Ilis chair, hulk ing downwards with a gathering scowl upon his brow. I rose. "Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. He viewed me with an absent expres sion, said "Good-night," and at once went, but in a mechanical way, governed by habit without giving his mind to the action, to his berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment whilst ihe gazed hard at the cabin abreast him ; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one who seeks to clear his brain, he dis appeared. Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. "Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, ".and get this here melancholy job over ?" "Yea," said I, "the sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell yopr people to be quick and secret." He trudged forward, and presently re turned with Cutbill and another ~aluain. The three of them went below, leaving Crimp to get the gang- ha rigged :nd lighted. A couple f globular lamps, uch as inight Lb_ tisnd for riding lights, 'sere-uspended against the bulwarks, iini et-woe them a seaman rested a tranign of the length of a stretcher. The imoon was rising at this moment on bur starboard beam, an arch of blood l fining the indigo-black line of the horizon there that on either hand of her went melting out into a blending of star laden skyv-, with the dark anti gleaming peean bminming to the -acht, vast as the he. ens themsel?.'s lcoked. Presently tP through the hatch rose the figures of tiaptain Fin and the two men, swaying inder the weight-of the canvas-shroudcd 'oib they bore. The watch on deck came aft and gathered about the gang way, where they glimintred like i-isionary treatures to the dull; yellow shining of the hnaps. Face after flce seemed to tomq tiwisting niad wri-gling out of the lna--vis?ous of hairy sas, rendered hif-l0k and actual by the dull illumin .tion that glanced upon their shadowy ineaments. The wind filled the riging with melancholy noises, there .was i ~eanir g sob in the sound of the water as it washed aft, broken and hissing scr bent-like from the bow. Thecanvas rose dark, but it was now gathering to its loftier cloths a faint, delicate, pinkish tinge from the red mtuonbeam, though in a few minutes, when the planet had lifted het ill-shapen face clear of the black ithe of brine, all would be of i kno'--white softness above us, and a 'arkling line of bulwark-mil and glitter . ing constellations in the skylight gInts and a .iiw-e 6.f floating and heaviing oilveir rtlling Fan- shaped to us. A coupl -eof seamen caught hold of the -n-ating and raised it level with the bul irsrs, one end supported by the rail. "ýhe body was plaesd upon it, and ghostly it looked in that spectral commingling of starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness-ghastly in the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at that hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn pulled a thin volume from his pocket and opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering.into it hard and coughinghoarsely as though loth to begin. At last he mustered up courage and niade a start. Ie pronounced many of the words oddly, slid :there was a deep sea-note in his delivrc. I watched his long face twitch , - ami--working-to his recital as he brotght his eyes in a squint to the page kith the lantern light touching his skin into a bi'of sulphur that niade one think of it as the likeness of a human counten a?sce wrought in yellow silk upon black iu.' But- thein-stcry of death was with ns; it seemed to breathe-hot- as the night was- in an ice-cold air off the dark smurface off the se, and a man's sense of humounr hlaIntt have been of the feather weight quality~ f an idiot's to flutter in the3 reseince of the pallid, motionless bundle uon the grating. Where chill, saeme, asubdts g inspirations were un ipeakably heightened by the eyes of the sailors round about gleaming out of thU Weak glitnmser of their countenances vaguely shaped by the rays of the oil flame upon the obscurity, by the silver gaze of the countless cquinoctial heaven m surveying r over the yardarms and through the squares of the ratlines and amid fe .exquisite tracery of the gear, and by the steadfast watching of stars low down in the measureless dark distances of the west and north and south. as though they were the eyes of giant spirits stand ing on tiptoe behind the hiorion to observe us, and by the slow toaring of the moon that was norr icing her crimson visagse with crystal and diffusing a Eoft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of I was standing with my back to the com panion batch; my eyes were rooted upon the white form which in a few moments now would be tilted and sent flashing with a heavy cannon-bill at its feet into the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end he had met; but he lay dead ; his grave was this mighty wilderness of waters; not a hole in the earth to which those who `mourned hbii could repair and say, point. f*ag downwards, "What rem?ains of him is here ; " but a tomb rivalling the heavens in immensityr, a material etrcmity that would a~b-rorb him and his memory as though- his form, waiting there to be launched, was but a drop ef tie dew tlmt glittered in the moonshine upon the gra t ing that supported him. That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy musings, and I was thinking of the man as I had beheld him in the mornine, worn indeed by shipwreck and privation, hut statel, erect, soldierly his cheek Cnimsening to the blow that Wllfrid had dealt him; life and passion strong in him; when I was startled out Of my thooughts by Finn ceasing to read. I g1ncd at him anld observed that he was p?eerisn over the top cf hiis Look, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I locked to see what had called off his attenticn, and remarked a tall female f-isre attired in a light dress, htt with her e concealed bya long dark veil, standirg dcre l:eside the head of the grating Ferfe;ctly motienlers, cave for such movements as cn:e to her by the swaying "f the ycht. She had apypearcd amongst us with the rtealthine's cf a ghost, and ohe locked like one in tiast conflicting l?hit, with the fair.t lern f her eyes showing throueh the reil, n:d the stitclhed up form cn thie gatin?g to i-se a darker and mere thriulir, attcntuatio n to her presence than se .culil have cot fromt an empty grave or a n:! turcd crfln. The ?railers b~ackcd awa.y froim her, shunldrenng ene ancter into the gloosm with ma chl wiping of their ]cather lips ij'on the ba?ks of their hands. I was slartal cin behold ing her. but quicl.ckl] rallied to a sense of deep disust tchat rossesscd mne as ctn trastin- ihis illustr·:tion of cmoti, n with her language and trectmenst of Wilfrid that morning. "Proceed," I exclaimed to Finn. "'Lead on, man, and shorten tie service, too, if you can." lie croaked out afresh, lit- the rpera fellow was cxclccdi:.-']iy icr'vCs. 'lie ceremony. Coi far as it hasi Loe. lah iecCnI chill, doleful, dti rcssin:g - w.h( Il1cfie ; but a character sin , at hf l o, ,r t , Ia n * mind now cante itut, it wilts the tail, stately, n:ct!ih.lst s Ipi..ritiin tl.at st. -d -otarce wn ly tI-e -nilil'"l:t lt:d ilie nmo-nk5ht frtc tl'e -ti-hndsicr ' ti:-t cifotlhi t:er aith unrcality-- t :lie Lcad of that artC Cn-ti.nctrid kIrth -iisg prn"::e =r.nd resee:bling a han:su e. uron the gratirg. IJ a the ::.--Il bcr bay.5 ] ps \- the crecln llal n a:':i citll sEo Ilidiesiyi -.-snt, oe d, so il:-I:iai:, tli6l:m iLe like to the lheart. 1'cr lis lelsdis "uittcd her child, as she 1elieve d sir cvar; for this she had abandoned her husband, had pricked the bubble of her honour, extin guished the inspiration of her woman hood's purest, truest, deepest, holiest feelings! 'hat but an affrighting vision could that dead man wrapped in hisn sea shroud convert her ladyship's dream of passion and pleasure into ! Something, one should think, to blind the very eyes of her soul. 'But, Lord, how I hated her then for the base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeraml of her shame with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind herl .-- -.. L: .. .... Finn's croaking delivery ceased. "Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two -men who held it, or else not understood. The sailors raised theirarms; the glim mering bundle sped like a small cloud of smoke from the side to the accompani ment of the noise of a long, creaming wash of water simmering aft from the bow, through which I caught the note of a half stifled shrick from Lady MIonson. : She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. I sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes, and seeing who I was, she waved me from her with a motion of which the passionate haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly aft. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut the book. Make anh end now. The man is buried, and thank God for it" Lady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft the wheel, and overhung the taffrail, apparently gazing into the obscurity astern where the colonel's body was sinking and where the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty sunmmer highway running ivory-like through a dark land on a moon lit night. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said toFinn: "I hope she does not mean to throw herself overboard." lls head wagged in the moonlight. "Sir," he answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If she were the wife of the gent that's gone, I'd see to it. But she'dll not hurt her self." Severtleless, I kept my eye upon her. The awning was off the deck ; the planks ran white as the foam alongside under the moon that was now brilliant, and all objects shlowed sharp upon that ground, lhiilst the flitting of the ebony shadows to the heave of the deck was like' a crawling of spectral life. -I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his Bhad repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, bff-band indifference could not reassure ae. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the. cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddy ing froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing -dim, scarce definablo configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form of the man whose remains Iad justsped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him she might witness in the apparition, real, sweet, alluring as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which in imagination I could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh.of relief that, after I had stood watching her at least ten minutes in the shadow of the gangway, I obEcrred her dim0unlli from La grdang a-nd walk to tho com panion, down which slhe seemed to melt away as ghostly in her coming as in her going. Twenty minutes later 1 followed her, louns ."e tcabin empty, and went straight to bed. (To be continued.) 