From the Curate to the Convent CHAPTER L. ai1i1 the happy incidents op convkntttat, IiTPK. ( Continued .) "Prieat Cur wen," and ahe slightly shuddered as she mentioned his name, "has been a viper in my path; he has instilled hie virus into all the springe of my. moral nature— he hoe corrupted all my young affeotions— he has blighted my whole, beimr X lie here and wither in m. ni-imA h«Mnu that viper had oroseed my way and fastened his deadly fangs upon me, body and soul. At my first confession his hellish , work-began. Ob, what vile- ness did he then pour into my mind, teaohing me horrible things of human depravity, concerning whioh I ought never to have known anything, and would not but for the demoralising praotice of auricular confession and foul .questionings of a profligate, who gloated in the filthiness whioh, for his own evil purposes, he poured into the ear and heart of an innocent girl. " From the confessional to the convent is but a step, as it is from the judgment- seat, to the place ofexeoution. The vile priest knew that I had a considerable fortune at my own disposal he knew that he had absolute power over me— he knew that by beooming a Roman Oatholio I had severed myself from my family and from all inter ference by them— and he knew— it's all over now, and I may say it — that I was fair, and so from the first he claimed me for himself. Oh, the wretch ! well do I now remember the looks and tones, yeaj and movements, of that man, revealing the base passions that vibrated through every fibre of his body and lurked in every ooraer of his depraved heart; and yet he spoke to me, as I knelt before him and felt the trembling of the foul storm that raged within him— he spoke tome of the holy retreat of the convent— the freedom of conventual life from the evil thoughts and corrupt desires engendered by intercourse with the world — the absence of all moral contagion—the relief from pll carnal temptations1 and enticements— the oalm retreat from earthly passions— the cultivation of intercourse with God and His saints and angels — the patronage and presence of the Virgin Mary, whose child I should/be,', and whose holy love £ : should, specially share — and the opportunity afforded for holy mediation, prayer, and prepara tion for heaven, which was sure to be won by the self-denial, the austerities, and the religious exercises of the convent. "Then he desoribed in vivid and repulsive colours the evils, the,, dangers, and sorrows of married life; the arbitrary oharaoter of husbands, their rudeness, ill-temper, and caprice, their in difference and often aversion to their wives after the first lew months of married life — the quarrels of married couples— the frequent unfaithfulness an,d desertion of' the man— the temptations, arising from solitude and visits of gentlemen, of the wife — the cares of a household, difficulties with servants, anxieties arising from extravaganoe or poverty, disorders and evil tempers of children, their disobedience and ingratitude ; in short, there were no cares, sorrows, or temptations that fall to the lot of a married women that he did not depiot and dwell on, and repeat, until I felt terrified at the idea of encountering so much misery and ruin, and rejoiced in the refuge which, the oonvent walls presented to me from so sad a destiny as wedded life. ' ' ' : , " Onrwen is a practised villain, and there are many like him in the ranks of the Romish priest hood. All the time that he was thus pleading the advantages of celibacy and the safety of the conventual cell, he was only plotting to get me into his toils, and make me his victim, as he has done many others;" . Florenoe hadlgot thus far without much ap parent effort, bnt how she threw herself back in the bed in a sort of hysterioal fit, which greatly alarmed those gathered around her. Mary ran and held up her, head, while- Jane Bennett tried to get her. to swallow a little water. Mr. Ohiohester was so frightened that he proposed to call in the landlady and send her for the physioion. At mention of this, . however, Florenoe aroused her self, and was j net able to raise her hand and say, " No, no ! " so he desisted, and in a short time she came to herself, and would not : be prevented resuming her' narrative. , "Forgive me," she said in a wisper, " I thought that all that emotion was past, but I am a poor weak creature. Now let me go on ! I entered the convent - as a postulant and novice, and then took the veil. The bishop pronounced the horrible ourse, whioh seems to ring in my ears now, against any nun who attempts to escape : ' Let her perish in the. day of judgment, and let everlasting fire devour her, with the devil. and bis j angels! '—but, that is only a part of it. Then came the triple vow of chastity, poverty, and obedience. Oh, what a mockery ! Ton must go -to a nunnery to find what theBe wordB mean— profligaoy, starvation, slavery. The one I entered is called the Convent of the Mother of Meroy, not far from Heathfield, and near to an establishment for priest's and monks. The mother superior, St. Rosa, was a fat, vulgar women, with a remarkable red face and scowling brow. She had an in stinctive horror of gentility, and could not toler ate anything refined and ladylike. During my novitiate she was particularly kind to me, and her otherwise repulsive face wore a kind genial ex pression when I was in the room. I heard of her cruelty to some of the nuns, but I thought their conduct provoked it, or that the accounts were exaggerated. I painfully learnt her real character from "sad experience afterwards. When 'I was completely in her power the mask was thrown off, and a series of insults, indignities, and petty cruelties was commenced that rendered.life almost insupportable. Her object was, she said, to humble me. ' I thought too much of myself — I presuemd too much on my former stale 'and my aristocratic relations— I was too fond of displaying my accom plishments and high mental cultivation. There was no place for such things there. She would see that I was brought down, and make to feel that others was as good and great as I was.' To dothiB she resorted to every means of mortifying and degrading me. I was made the drudge of the convent ; , if coals were wanted I must go to the coal- cellar downstairs for them ; if any vessel required oleaning I was sent to the scullery to do it. I was ordered to scrub the kitchen flags, to ccour the pots and saucepans, to sweep out the dusthole, to light the kitchen and other fires, to carry hot and cold water to the mother superior, -and often to the other nubs, to clean the boots tand shoes for two hours in the morning, and often to wash up the breakfast things after. I had also to take my.iplace in the laundry and at the mangle. In short, such- drudgery was laid on me that existence became unbearable. My health gave way, and I often wished and prayed for death to release me from ray grinding, orushing slavery. " All this time I was almost starved. While the motherlsuperior revelled in luxury, feeding on the choicest dainties; and she and her companions, the visiting priests, indulging in the costliest wines and 1 spirits! I was compelled to eat hard mouldy crusts and lumps of mutton fat, often from the plateB of other nuns after they had dined. Many "a time I have 'stolen into the refectory, seized the first artiole of food that presented itself to me, and rushed back to my cell to devour it; Often have I picked up the scraps thrown on the kitchen floor to the oats and eaten them with the greatest relish. Oh, I cannot describe to you my sufferings from hunger and thirst, and all inflicted upon me, and to save me from hell, into . which, jShe seemed never weary of telling me, all aristocrats should be caBt. She1 also inflioted on me a hundred petty indignities during the day, and as many hardships. Often I' was kept kneeling for hours together, until sometimes nature gave way and I fainted ; aAmafimAB aVa vniild malte fflfi' stand with. TinfVnncr but' my undergarments on, in the midst of the other nuns, while she put me in all kinds of post ures for their amusement. She would stretoh out my arms, make me open my mouth, thrust her fingers into it, place mjb head in this' position and that,- and then I should lie flat on . the floor and make the sign ofi the croeB on it with my tongue. On tw,o occasions. she made me drink some) of the water, in which she had washed her feet, but upon both occasions I became so ill and was seized with euoh repeated fits of vomiting, that the physician who was. called despaired of my life, and she was so frightened on both occasions that after the seoond attempt she desisted from that speoies of torture. Mariy' a time in the day she plucked my hair; about .once a week she compelled me to retire to my cell and use ' the discipline,' whioh means a scourge made of platted cords with wire hooks'. at the ends, and this was to be used on the bare back and shoulders, often till the blood sprang forth. " During all this time Priest Ourwen was in the habit of visiting the convent. He seemed to be on very familiar terms with the mother superior, so that he could enter at any hour of the day or night. His bedroom was always ready, and he was also very intimate with the nuns, ohucking one under the chin, tapping, another on the back, and playing, tricks wifh;them, calling one. of them ' Honey,' another ' Birdie,' another ' Goody Two- shoes.'' and soon. The mother superior, it seemed to me, .did hot quite relish his familiarities with , the other nuns, but she submitted o any amount ' of romping or rollicking with' herself. It was soon evident to me. that she was of an exceedingly jealous' disposition, and that for some reason or other she thought she had a right to the excsiluve attentions of Priest Ourwen, " That wicked man, though closely watohed, contrived T;o let me know that I was the prinoipal objeot of , attraction to him in the nunnery, and that he-longed: to enjoy more of my society . This at first hefreely communicated to me in confession, but as. he did not wholly succeed .in escaping the: lynx eye! of St. Rosa,, and as it was evident that he dreaded her diso6very of his sentiments towards me, he was obliged to exercise the greatest caution even in the confessional, as he knew that. were, her. suspicions awakened she. would, insist on learning what .'transpired even there, and would stop at' no mean's of gratifying her jealousy and her !hate. .«< Much of my shameful treatment at her hands was in consequence of a suspicion that I'was a favourite, with the priest. He had let fall in her. presence, one or two words of oommendation of my refined manners and accomplishments ; these proved .the. source of all my misery, it set in motion .every contrivance on her part to ' humble,' in other words to mortify, me, and make me feel that I was. in her power ; no doubt sIbo tore mind him that should he give her any. reason to suspect a preference for me she had the means of venge ance in her ownhands. , " I must confess, though I confess it with shame, that my heart was drawn more and n'ore towards the priest. He was the, only one in all the con vent who loved and felt for me. I was not a favourite with the- sisters — very likely I did not conciliate them. I know I was of a proud, in dependent disposition, and I stood aloof from -them, first as strangers, and afterwards from some real or fancied defect in their manners, morals,, or religious characters. I own I was disappointed, grievously so, as I saw the folly, frivolity, vanity, vacancy, spite, jealousy, backbiting, hypocrisy, and abject servility to the mother , superior, whioh were conspicuous in each of them more or less. The more I saw the inner feelings. and, the inner life of these , recluses from a wicked world, the more I was disgusted with the pretensions of the conventual system,1 and the more I felt the absurdity . and egregious imposture of the plea that ' these ; women were , thus enclosed within barred windows and iron-cased doors to preserve them from the' world without. I found,' alas ! to my misery and ruin, that bad as the world with- 1 out is, its vilenesB: is purity itself compared with the foulness of the world within. Active as the devil is among men and women at large, it is with steam- power and steam-speed he works in the hearts and actions of the imprisoned victims to the hellish polioy of Rome, whioh shuts up con fraternities of men and women in huge isntitutions that ought to be called- lunatic asylums, with all their corruptions strong within them, to fester and ferment in mutual contraot, until the moral atmosphere becomes polluted, and every moral sense depraved, and the orgies of hell are more fitly represented there than the enjoyments of heaven. " It was with unspeaKhble joy that I heard of my deportation from this English convent to one affiliated with it in Tuscany. Anything to escape from the intolerable despotism of the reverend mother, which was quickly carrying me to the crave — a consummation which. Bha often told me, neither she nor any one in the convent would deplore. They had my money, or thought they had it, and it mattered not to them how soon I 'relieved them from the necessity of applying even a small portion of the interest annually to my support in the convent. The cause of my removal I did not know at the time. I know it now! Major Knox, who is at present in Eorence, and who most kindly found me out a day or two beifore your arrival, has told me all about the charge against good Mr. Steele, and the Bignal defeat of the Jesuits, together with -their flight from Heathfield. I know now that Priest Cur- wen's departure from England involved my transfer to the convent of St. Lucia, at Prato, a few miles from this city. There, to my surprise, on my arrival, I found this daring man, who had con trived that in his forced departure from England he would not leave me behind. How he managed it I cannot tell, but being relieved from the mysterious influence of St. Rosa, mother superior of the Convent of the Mother of Mercy, and being apDointed by the influence of. his friends at Rome chaplain to that of St. Lucia, he cultivated assiduously the attachment between us until the end of all his vile strategy was readied, and I fell a victim to his consummate hypocrisy and pro fligacy." Florence . here covered her eyes with her poor attenuated hands, and a fresh gush of tears came to her relief. " Oh, dp not despise me," she cried,, passionately, "I am indeed a poor degraded wretch ; but, Mary, I could not bear your, con tempt. Tou know how proud I was. , You know what admiration I received ; and you, my mother," she added, fixing her eyes, on her mother's face, ' you .were over proud of me. What do you think of me now? Ho matter, mother, I shall not he lonir here to dinuranft nnv of vou ; the nlav will soon 'cover my sorrows and my sins. Tou will sometimes think of me, .will you not ? but oh, do not despise my memory ; think of me aB Florence, your own Florence, not as the dupe and castaway of a vile! Popish priest"' She again sunk back in bed,, and remained for some time silent, the; big tears rolling down her wan oheeks, ' Mrs. Rumford was rushing to throw, herself into her daughter's ; arms, but both Mary and her husband restnined her, knowing how perilous any excitement wopld be to her just now. . Presently she recovered herself and resumed,: — "Oh, the abominations' of these Italian con vents. Well is it for the wives and husbands who reside in the vicinity of them that laymen are excluded. : I say it advisedly, - and let a dying women say it plainly, the brothels of a city are less dangerouB'to the morality of husbands or the peace of wives, than these Bo-called holy retreats would be to those husbands and wives if they were not barred and bolted as they are ; to monks and priests they are . fully available, and the result is horrible to .contemplate. ' But do not let me say too muoh on this subject, for, I was a partaker in the, wickedness, which I now loathe from my inmost soul, and against which with my dying breath I warn, parents who, in their ignor ance, and' often in their unnatural selfishness and criminal love of ease, doom their daughters to a conventual life. Could these parents only see with their' own eyes what go.es on within some of these iron-bound establishments, they would far prefer adopting the custom of the Chinese, and cast their female infants to the dogs, rather than rear them' to be the victims of malignant mothers superior, envious and rancorous sisters, licentious monks, and profligate priests.. " Dear Old England, whioh I shall never see again, my heart bleeds for you. Thank God the- scales have fallen from my eyes, and I now bless you for your gloriouB Bible, free as the light of heaven ; your blessed Reformation, that, released from the grasp of the foreign priest ; your national Church, so rioh in the Gospel truth, in the piety, inthe learning, in the success of the preached Word, in the labours of. its faithful members, inthe. zeal, purity, and -Christian integrity of your clergy — -the noble body of nonconforming ministers and laity emulating the piety and.zeal of their Churoh brethren, and the principles of civil and \- religious liberty, so clearly understood, so highly prized, and so faithfully maintained throughout the land. But oh, my. country, you are- becoming wearied of these blessings, and of Him who has so richly bestowed them, upon you ; and you are allowing, the .foul Jezebel to bewitch you, as she bewitohod me, by the abundance of her wiles, and with the- intoxicating cup of her sensuous vanities. Oh"! that I could stand up for one'hourin each of your House's of Parliament and recount the horrors of the system .to which your great and noble men and women are opening their hearts and arms — I think I Bhould recall your senators to their senses, and terrify them baok to the wise legislation of former days, when-Popery was known as the natural arch-enemy of all national liberty, prosperity, and" greatness, and the natural source of slavery, poverty, degeneracy, - and decay. " Italy became free ; and among the first Bymptoms of moral and mental emancipation was her suppression of the monastic and conventual systems, The prison-houses of Rome were thrown open and the prisoners were set at liberty. In thiB way I found myself outside the convent wallSj This dreadful description of Tuscan convents is irresistibly authenticated by documents, emanating from some of the nuns who have occupied them. in shattered health, in a strange country, and with a small government pension to subsist upon. Through the kindness of a servant in the convent I found this lodging ; the landlady was a friend of hers, and as" the content is only a few miles from hence, and Prato is on the railway line, I easily made my way hither. Tou will ask me about the priest : the , ruffian, he betrayed, ill- treated, and abandoned me. Oh, if God did not give me grace I would hate that man wi'h a deadly hatred ; to him I owe my apostasy from God, my shame, my mental a»ony, my bodily decay, "and my death ; bnt in spite' of him I preservea my jiidis, auu, uy vruu s giuuiuuo u,- ings with .me, the memory of what I learned in my early days. To you Jane," she said, fixing her eyes on Jane Bennett,' who sat near her, and taking her by the hand, "I owe those sweet - lessons of a Saviour's pardoning love to whioh I turned in seasons of solitude and anguish ; and blesBed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, He sent the Holy Spirit to preparo my heart for them : I awoke from my horrible dream, of Popery, idolatry! blasphemy, and impurity. I was enabled to look to Jesus. My Bible opened up to me a new world of thought and feeling. A light shone upon its pages whioh, to mv evos. had never shone there before ; but I have found out the reas'on-. T had never sought for God's pardoning meroy there until now. I was not prepared to find Jesus there. Blessed be my heavenly Father ! I have sought , Him in the agony of my polluted soul, and He haB revealed Himself to my groanings : ' a lamb as it had been slain ' in the midst of the throne of God : His sovereign remedy for sin and all its bitter con sequences, able to save to the uttermost — I know it all now. To the cross, to the blood, to the 'precious death and burial,1 to the glorious resur rection and ascension' of Jesus, I now look, and to those alone. " Major Knox tells me, Mary, you have three dear children. I wish I could see them, but I never shall. Come here, Mary dear, bend down your head, let me whisper something in your ear. My two babies are down in that deep hole near the coal- oellar, and heaps of lime upon them. - That villain baptised them, and he and the mother abbess strangled them. And they lie — or all that remains of them — with scoreB-of others, new-born ones, 'disposed of in the same way. Oh, how different my fate and yours 1 " To say this muoh seemed the laBt effort of whioh the dying ope waB capable. Her eyes closed, her hands relaxed, her head fell, and she was motionless. Jane and Mary together leant over her. Mrs. Rumford seemed to lose all power of exertion, and' Mir. Chichester looked jewildered; They thought all was over ; but presently she opened her eyeB, and with a faint smile on her lips said, "I fear I have alarmed you. No, I am hot gone yet. I have still some thing to do. Will Mr. Ohiohester just bend down his headjto me ? " He did so, and she whispered,. " When they! got me into that English convent they drew up a will for me, which they made me «ion. leavinc all mv oronertv .to the convent. I want to revoke that, and bequeath my property to iny relations. Will you telegraph to Mr. Boyd, No — Via della Croce, at Rome, to. come to me at once. He is an English agent. Major Knox has told medf him, and he will do everything for me that' is'necessary in the case." ' ' Mr. ChioheBter did1 as he was requested. Mr. Boyd came quite in time to receive Florence's instructions. The will was made and attested in due course, all legal forms being .'compiled with, and Florence deolared herself happy that she had accomplished an object on which she had set her heart even within the walls of the Tusoan convent, when the true light began to dawn on her soul and she was able, to discern the real character of that deadly system of which she had been the dupe and viotim. In God's gracious pro vidence she had retained her Bible when she entered the English :oonvent, but more beoause it was her father's gift to her in childhood than for any relish she, had for its .contents. For years it lay at the bottom of her trunk, wrapped up in paper—unread! Unheeded. In the dark hour of sorrow and desolation, when the " vile priest," as she correctly named him, spurned and abandoned he, and inthe solitude of her cell, when sweet dreams of youth and home visited her, she began to turn over some little tokens . of love which she had received from relations and friends in early days. , Then the long- forgotten ; Bible was un wrapped; and she seemed to hear a voice Buch as. Augustine, and Luther heard,, wy—" Tabe up and read." She read and i;eadi and as her soui seized upon, one preoious truth after another, the mist'of Popish darkness. rolled away, and the true, light shone in on her beolouded intellect, and she was free. She now rested all her hopes on Jesus, and His perfeot sacrifice on Calvary. She saw ho mention of other priests or other 'sacrifices in the New Testament dispensation : all that Ritualism and Popery had taught her whioh she could not find in God's inspired Word she now asoribed rightly to the inventions of men for their own purposes, and she felt sure, she never could have acoepted suoh teaching, by whioh, so-called priests rob God of his glory and. man of a free and full salvation, had, she hot been blind to her own state before God' and therefore unprepared for the simple truth prpclaimed by Jesus and His apostles. Now she. knew herself to be a sinner, and by the teaching of the Holy Ghost clung only to the death and, resurrection of the Lord Jesus. Her end was peace. Dear Jane Bennett olung to her with unwearied devotedness until she dosed her eyes in death. Bible in hahd, she sat day and night beside her pillow, and rehearsed to her all the lessons of her childhood,; which now seemed-to her like sweet music from afar. Mary and her husband remained with her to the last, and her almost (broken- hearted mother strove, in spite oi bodily:. infirmity, -to retrieve in some mea sure the sad errors, to which her dying ohild might well ascribe, all the sin and sorrow through whioh she had passed. Both how knew better. God in His. infinite mercy had snatohed them as " brands plucked out of the fire," whilst others with whom they had been associated, there is reason to fear, perished- in their sins. This was the doing of Him who giveth uo account of His matters, but who still proclaims in the midst of a rebellious and dying world, " Behold the Lamb of God, Which taketh away the sin of the world." From that humble lodging, far from country and home, were- soon borne to the cemetery the remains of the lovely, intellectual, and accomplish ed Florence Sackville Rumford, a victim to the impostures of Ritualism and the " blasphemous fables and dangerous . deceits " of the Church of, Romo. She found poaco in her latter end, only because God, in the .exercise of His meroy and grace, opened her eyes and showed her the in ternal corruption and vileness for whioh neither.. Romanism nor its wretohed Anglican copy has any remedy, but whioh the blood of Jesus, onoo for all shed on Calvary, can entirely and eternally romove. the end. 