MODERNS OUNEIiLEG: (loxdom spectator). It is necessary, we suppose, as well as right> to punish fortune-telling for money. . One has always an idea, after reading the pro ceedings before the magistrates, as if good powder and shot were being thrown awa vfor nothing, and as if the progress of intelligence would of itself extinguish that particular variety of misdemeanour. "Wo do not hang witches any longer, nobody can precisely say why, aud the bumkins who affirm, as they still do now and then, that Mother So-and-So has " overlooked" their children or their pigs, receive no help from the Bench, beyond- a sharp little lecture, which they do not understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if they have stuck pins into Mother So-and-So on the faith of her witchhood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have set fire to her black cat, th6y are fined, as if their offence had not been dictated by one of the most ancient of all beliefs. Still, a for tune-teller who takes money is a swindler, usually a conscious swindler, and fools must he pro tected against swindlers ; while there is some thing to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation of folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men who passed the- Act intended it, we fancy, not so much for the protection of servant-girls, curious about the complexion of their future lovers, as for the punishment of a kind of blasphemy closely connected with the worship of the evil one ; but still, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to check a particu larly injurious kind of lying. There never was a" time when fortune- telling in 'drawing-rooms was so rife, or apparently so much belioved in. Society rejects astrology altogether, not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, but because it 'so rarely sees or thinks of the' stars' ; and it has got beyoifd dreams, which arc supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to be curable by uitrate-of- silver pills, -r it may he by nnx vomica ; anil the drinkers if tea a t o'clock- are in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely to end some day in a possible appearance of ghosts ; so i.Mv devote themselves to rather more inane forms of divination. Sometimes the inquirer's fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which .is comparatively sensible, as there is in hand writing a little evidence of character, though not much, the slightest inaptitude of the fingers or defect, of eyesight depriving the manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also that writer's resolve "to write a conventional hand. The most reso lute person we know writes a niggling scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if of anything, of weak indecision ; while women- with watery minds pour out those minds' in manuscript which Lord Palmerston, who wrote a Circular Order com manding uncial English, would have pro-; nounced perfection. Sometimes, again, reve lation is sought' from the lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind—that is a separate folly — but the lines, for which the seekers might, if they knew anything about it, plead very ancient wan-ant. Priests who were wise or foolish, ages before the. Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny was recorded by the foreseeing powers upon his frontal hone, and dreamed that, if the spectator only pon dered enough, he could discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or. his' com parative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, knows nothing of that, and' only guesses by a rule which, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather than the foreheads that are smooth. It is not it- had way, if both sexes are present, of making love without being too explicit; hut it involves severe staring, and severe staring is .rude. -Modern society would not bo rudey 'e ven il' it could stare into heaven ; and divination by the forehead is therefore usually discarded in favour of divination by; the hand.; The gipsies - are avenged for -'ages of ridicule and penalties,' and palmistry-is a' rage; ."Every body who has time to waste knows some thing of it, and there are regular adepts- ladies some of them — who make out of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only tsmporary. incomes. They tell first the in quirer's character, about which they often make shrewd hits, ekeing out; the result of attentive . observation, or .hints gathered within the room by the use of cer tain common forms, invented, we imagine, for the. behoof of those advertisers who promise full revelations of - character- for a; shilling's-worth of stamps. Some of these common. forms are really very clever, -their object being flattery in disguise, flattery not of the common sort, " but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of mankind; Ho man. for instance, is told that he is weak ; but a great many- are informed that they have a strength of purpose not suspected by " their friends, or an: inner hardness which' may ' spring either from' rectitude or selfishness. Ho woman is ever assured that she is spiteful ; but. she . is often told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and; that she is even too affectionate — a ' useful advertisement .when it is read aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will ofteu notice an odd peculiarity. The magician wishes only to make his "or her prophecies defiuite. for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definiteness is quite safe, for nobody, however sceptical, can deny that any fortune is possible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though she is poor ; her lover may be dark, though she prefers blonde people : and she may live to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the sibyl will shine in lior memory as a prophetess, while if she does not she and her friends will have forgotten the unfulfilled prediction. But the passion for guessing by rule is a very potent one, and occasionally,- we more than suspect, masters the seer, - who then, becomes, hopelessly inconsistent, the things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the things which, according to the rule, ought to he predicted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but the lines of the palm mean poverty, or the iines of the wrist — an extension of the art at which we fancy the forgotten ' Hindoos or fire- worshipping Chaldeans, who invented the whole business, would have smiled— and so the prediction comes out as poverty, to be followed by unexpected good fortune." Itisa silly game, .hut not without- its mischiefs; There is a kind of sceptical credulity which is inost characteristic of our day, when people will believe anything except revelation, and think a wizard a far more liksly being. to: exist than any sort of angel ; and we fancy many a listener finds Pis.or her judgment of character warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledged derived from somethilig more to be trusted than ex-i perience. Predictions, too, stick iff the mind, and work their own fulfilment, ;' some- rimes with effects which are. seriously jn- jurious. The practice, too, though.it would be folly to make too much of it, has un- rlonbtediy one' effect which n many minds is far from .beneficial. It develops that taste lor the indulgence of, weak wonder which of all intellectual foibles is' the one that most enfeebles the character; prematurely debauching as it does the nobler instincts- of reverence and faith. The fibre of the mind is weakened, anu the " open inquirer" becomes liable to a- mental disease which may be best described as imbecile credulity, credulity which is not faith, and is as impervious to evidence as water covered witn a mm ot oil is impervious to air. The spiritualists, when they are sincere, at all events seek something worth seeking, con crete evidence of a future state ;, but the devotees of these methods 'of guessing have not even the excuse of an end. If they could see into the future, they would be in no way the gainers, for the very condition of itsbeingthe future is that they can neither hurry nor re tard nor in any way alter it. It nas been said by keen observers that one startling sign of the approaching fall of a society i» the rise in it of scepticism and superstition at once ; and though we are not pessimists about England, where endless symptoms'/appear which are only skin- deep, it7 was c&rtainly; true before Rome fell and before the-Revolu- tion engulfed the admirers of Cagliostro.; 