COXTEONTETG CUTBILL WAS MUFFIN BETWEEN TWO BRAWEY SATiTfl. An Ocean Tragedy. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIX.—continued* A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. 1 led her to the . starboard quarter, ■*rhere I had stood with Crimp, and Repeated the story. The darkness gave my recital of the incident the complexion it wanteda tremor passed through her hand ill to my arm. It was enough to make a veiy nightmare of the gloom, Warm as it was with the dew-laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm as shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas of the night. Ten minutes passed ; I then dis cerned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn coming aft. My cousin's deep breathing Was audible when he was still at a distance. "Well, what news ? " I called cheerily. "Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It is true. I have heard it." " Ha !" said I, turning upon Finn. \- •* By all that is blue, then, Mr. Mon son, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, " there is somewliat a-talking below." "** What does it say ?" asked Miss Jennings, showing herself all on a sudden thoroughly frightened. " What I heard," said Wilfrid in his most raven note, "was this, 427ie yacht is cursed. Sail her home ! Sail her home!'" " 'Twas as plain, Mr. Monson, as his honour's own voice," said Finn, in a pro foundly despondent way. " D'ye think, "Finn," said I, " that it is a trick played off upon the crew by some skylarking son of a gun forward ? " His head wagged against the stars. " I wish I could believe it, sir. The woice was underfoot. There's nobody belong ing to the ship there. There's no man amissing. 'Sides 'tain'fca human woice. Never could ha'believed it." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished his brow. " Well," I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, whatever it be, keeps forward—the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds my self twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing supernatural about it cither. What is it 1 Shall L explore the yacht forward 1 Give me a lantern, and I'll overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." " Yon may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; " let the matter rest for to-night. To morrow, Finn, you can rummage the yacht." ELe started violently: "What can it be though." Are we veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese?" He tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utfceranco seemed to half choke him. " Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say," cried I. ■ "I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," -said Wilfrid. " Finn, yon may tell the steward to give the men a glass of grog apiece. What can it be?" he muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanished. It was evident the thing had not yet had tame to work in him. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon be active in him, and that tliere was a bad night before him of feverish imaginings and restless wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings was until I conducted her below, shortly after Wil frid had left the deck, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered expression in her eyes and a diyncss of her cherry under-lip, that kept her biting upon it. Her maid shared her berth, and I was mighty thankful to feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have wagered she would not have gone to bed that night. My cousin drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon him as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out the atmo sphere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with heat and excitement of the strange voice at the first going off, but after a little he grew morose, absent minded, with symptoms of temper that made me extremely weary, and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely good night, and went in long, melodramatic strides to his cabin. I did my best to inBpirit Miss Jennings, but I was not very successful. It may be that I was more half-hearted in my man ner of going to work than I was conscious of. It never could come to my telling her more than that we might be quite sure, if we could only solve the mystery of the sounds which had frightened all hands forward, and aft, too, for the mat ter of that. \vc should be heartily ashamed of our fears in the " face of the abject commonplacc of the disclosure. fcjlie shook her head. "It might be as you say," she said," but if titis strange voice continues to be heard, tadeed, sho \i it no* ffeak again and yet remain unriddled, what shall we think 1 I am frightened, I own it. I do not be lieve in spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses ; but I cannot forget that you have heard such a voice as this twice—you who are so—so " " Stupid," said I. " Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But talking about the thing was not going to help her nerves. She went to bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my cabin. I found myself a bit restless, how ever, when I came to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch myself listen ing, and sometimes I fancied I could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a low voice. Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily in my bed. Tet for all that, I would fall a-lis tening again. It was quiet weather still, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony of the glass of the scuttle, with a pause at inter vals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon me as though, it were a human eye. Now and again the water went away from the side in a stifled sob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst upon us for the life that would come to the spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surge, and the tempes tuous hiss of its dissolving spume. I cudgelled my wits for a solution of the voice, but to no purpose. It was ridicu lous to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would not be quickly missed 2 And then again I had but to consider, to understand what I had not thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely con ceivable that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thick, well caulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. 