Wiit mxb $Mtwx. The latest thing in cradles— The new baby. It is the lats oat that catches the early boot jack. The best surgeon in the world can't set a broken record. When the Lird nude Bhade the devil in vented loafer?. If a nun BBW himself aa others see him he would pull down the blinds. 'A baby,' Bays a recent Frenoh writer, 'is an angd whose wings decrease aa its legs in crease,' Dot, aged 6 (on the conclusion of song by celebrated tenor)— ' Papa, did that man make all that noise on purpose V He— 'Would you like to hear me sing 'In the sweet by- and by,1 Miss Mattie?' She (sweetly)— ' Yes, Henry, but not before.' 'What plan,' said one actor to another, ' shall I adopt to fill the house at my benefit ?' ' Invite your creditors,' was the surly reply. A musician thus defines woman at various ages :— At 16 years she is an arpeggio ; at 20, Bhe is an allegro vivace; at 80. she is an aooordo forte ; at 40, an andante ; at 60, commences the rondo finale; and at 60, the tremolo a la sondina, The latest of Mr, Montagu Williama's stories pays a tribute to the oatutio wit of Sergeant BaJlantyne, ' He never speaks ill of any man,' it was casually remarked of a leader of the bar, 'No, of course not,' rejoined the Ser geant promptly, ' for he never talks of any one buthimself.' Mrs. Fussy—' I w'sh yon would dther shave youndf or let your whiskers grow ; it is fright ful for you to be going around with a week's beard on your face.' Mr. FnsBy— ' My dear, you make my life a burden, If I shave you Bay I look likr a dried mummy, and it I doo'c you declare in two weeks that I am a wild beast What's to be done 2' A grandfather about to nad hiB paper found that he had mislaid his spectacles, and there upon declared — ' I have lost my glasses some where, and cant read the paper.' A little three and a half year old girl, desiring to assist him, answered— 'G'an'pa, you go outside and look fno ze window, and 111 hold ze paper up eo you can read it.' While Mrs. Butler was playing Juliet at Philadelphia, and just when Bhe had ex claimed, 'Ob, cruel poison!' a tall, lean, gaunt, sandy- haired medical student in the Btage box, deeply absorbed in the scene, thinst on his hat with a convulsive effort, crying oat in a voice of thunder at the same time, ' Keep him up, Juliet .' I'll run and fetch the atozcaob pump,' School inspector, examining a class^'Now, my little man, tell me wnat five and one make?' No answer from the boy. Inspector again— 'Suppose, now, I gave you five rabbits and then another rabbit) how many rabbits would yon have!' Small boy— 'Seven!' Inspector— ' Seven ! How do yon make that out V Small boy—' Because I've got a rabbit o* my ain at hame,' 'Are yon an Oddfellow?' 'No, sir, Tve been married a week.' 'I mean, do yon belong to the order of Oddfellows?' 'No, I belong to the order of married men.' ' Dear me ! how dull 1 An yon a Mason 2' ' No ; I'm a carpenter.' ' Worse .and worse. Are you a Son of Temperance?' 'Confound it, no ! I am a son of Mr, John Gosling.' The querist went his way* 'Yon have asked to see me?' said an employer to hie clerk. 'Yes, sir.' 'What is wanted?' 'I wish to make a olaim whioh I donbt not your seme of justice will accept.' 'Very well-wbat is it?' 'I do the same work as Z , and I am paid a pound a month less than he. Is that fair?' 'No; you are perfectly right. I will at onoe reduce Z.'e salary a pound !' A museum keeper recently wanted a dwarf, He got one; that is he got what he called a dwarf, Ab a matter of fact the new freak was a* big or nearly aa big as an undersized man, A countryman entered the museum and looked at the dwarf. ' Tooh !' he said, ' that ain't no curiosity.' 'It ain't no curiosity, hey?' said the museum man. ' Wby, that,' he weat on proudly, *' that is the biggest dwarf in tbe world.' A story is told of a shrewish Scotswoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram shop by employing her brother to aot the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home, ' Who* an you ?' a»ked tbe farmer as tbe apparition rose before him from behind a bnahi ' I am Auld Nick,' was the reply. ' An ye really V exclaimed the old reprooate, with mnon satisfaction instead of tenor. 'Mon, oome awa. Gie'a a shake o' your hand ; I am mairied to a sister o' yours !' ' And do you love me so devotedly, dear.' he ekid, ' that yon will give up home and friends and all that makes your young life bright aud happy, to become my wife, and go with me to the uttermoBt ends of tbe world, if necessary ?' ' YeB, George,' she whispered softly; ''and when I am your wife, your thoughts ahail be my thoughts, your hopes my hopes, your religion my religion ; and if you should want me to go to the uttermost ends of the world with you, I will go— oh, so gladly, George— for I am so fond of travelling ! ' Two Highlanders, kilted in a primitive order, dropped inadvertently into an Episcopal chapel on a Sunday, and seated themselves in a respectable pew. Having never been in an Episcopal chapel before, their astonish ment cannot be described on a beautiful sym phony being itruok up*bythe organist. At that instant a gentleman came to take pos session of the seat, and civilly laid his hand on the shoulder of one of them, and pointed to tbe door. ' Hout, tout !' oried the High* lander, ' tat oot Donald then ; he be a far better dancer than me,' At a meeting at Enrol one day, tbe Rev. Dr. Grierson related the following joke:— 'Two gentlemen had been fishing for salmon with a 'leister'— a kind of three-pronged spear — in one of the salmon rivers in the south of Soot land, when one ot tt\em having speared a fish, drew it from the water, and, holding it on high, apostrophised it thus— 'And noo, Mr. Sdmond, what think ye o' yersel'?' The other gentle man, an inveterate punster remarked, 'I sup pose be will say I'm nane the better for your speerin'.' Tom Dibdin bad a cottage near Box Hill/t) whiob, after his theatrical labours, he was delighted to retire. One stormy night, after Mr, and Mrs. Dibdin had been in bed some time, jSts, Dibdin being kept awake by the violence of the weather, arouse! her husband, exclaiming ' Tom, Tom, get up J' ' What for?' said he. ' Don't you hear how very bad the wind is?' 'Is it?' replied Diodin, half asleep, though he could not help punning. 'Put a peppermint lozenge out of the window, my dear ; it ia the best thing in the world for the wind,' He was an honest-looking workman, who had the appearance of being very much in love with the dowdy and pretentious young woman beside him. She was evidently trying to im press him with her superior attainments. The other occupants of the omnibus had their attention attracted by her airs, and this is a bit of the dialogue that they beard. ' Yes,' the young woman said, ' I am so fond ot reading that it seems as it I could never get enough. I am reading a most touching story in the ' fire side Sitdown.' ' H I don't have muoh time to read,' the young man answered, humbling himself before her superior culture. 'And I'm awful fond of poetry,' she went on. ' Dont you think Lord Browning's 'Old Clock on tbe Stairs' is a beautiful poem?' ' I don't know muoh about poems,' he returned, with the air of one who at last gets his hand upon a familiar topic- and feels at onoe at home ; ' but I know that in the dock- making business we find those staircase timepieces get a good deal out of repair, 'cause of the draughts they'n n,' She said no more. 'Writeme an epic,' the warrior said, ' ' Victory, valor, and glory wed.'' 'Prithee a ballad,' exclaimed the knight, ' Pi owns, adventure, and faith unite.' 'An oie to freedom,' the patriot cried, ' Liberty won and wrong defied.' ' Write me a oheqne,' the poet cried ; Abo tbe tikace that followed was a full yard wide. 