Boyellst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; OB, Lady €bctwyuds Spcctro. by Mrs harnibt Lewis. . - CHAPTER XIII. — (Conxinued.) Bat now the door of the bath-room . opened suddenly, and a slender, white- robed figure stole swiftly Into tbo hall, as if \- pursued, and glided like a beam of light along the hall to tho rear intersecting corridor, it was Bernieei Monk flew \- after her in his list slippers as silently as She. She ran fleetly down tho long lmll ond turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind her. They had scarcely passed beyond the great hall when Lord Chctwynd opened tho door of tho bath-room, find came out in wild pursuit, ButBornico and Monk wcro both beyond tbo range of his vision. Tho . secrateg spcctro was flying along tho dim . corridor toward an unused portion of tbo cxtcn&ivo; mansion, not stopping or looking back; She gained another hnll, from whioh a flight of stairs ascended, and went up tho stain with, still rapidity. Monk camo . swiftly a littlo way behind her. Sko must \- have been conscious of tho pursuit, but still sho did not CQBt a backward look over her shoulder. Hp one. .flight, then another. \- andBemiee bad gained a region of uouscd v attics ' in tho more ancient portion of the dwelling.. She ran across a dim passage into a littlo, bare and empty room, lit up by, tbo moon- light that" streamed in at the dormer win- \- ' dows.; r She-had run into a' trap, and seemed to . reall8o tho fact, for she ran' about tbe room - wildly, and . then retreated to a farther corner, uttering n low, slrange .. cry, and covering her faco with her hands.' Monk entered' the room, and closed the. . door. Bornlcc, in her moonlit, corner, panted and trembled.. ' Monk pushod tbe bolt home . in its socket, .and npproacbcd her. . . 44 Bernicc 1" ho said, softly. . . Tbo girl etarted, witb a ringing cry, and looked ; up at hint with distended . --eyes.: .. v ' \- 44 Gilborfel" she ejaculated, " I— I thought It was Royi1' :- 44 No, it is.r. > I heard from Mrs. Growl that.-you had strangely disappeared from MawrOastlo, nnd l know you would como hero. I arrived mjaclf only to- night." -.'With Roy? . Oh,, how ho is changed, > Gilbertl My poor darling J How - grnvo \- and stern he has grown I And how bis soul ; leaped, out at me from His dyes I ' Ho is : looking for mo now. .. Hark I Is bo coming this .way?" . 44 No, .Bernlco. These, rooms, havo -riot . . been used in years. Ho -will not find you." 44 1 must go to him,"xricd the girl, In her . : sweat, ' impetuous - voice, " Nowr-now— . this minute 1 I knew you were nt tbo Park, and l worit to - your old room, Gilbert, but : - .yon wcro not tbore. Release mo from my . cath. I must go to my husband." \- "Borniec, listen to mo, I have something \- to say to you firet-r" "4 Not a word. Why, he's looking for mo now. Ho thinks mo. a ghost. Release me \- from ray oath; I nwst go to him. Is he ' .-calling? .Lot mo go, Gilbert, In. God's name, lot mo go to my husband I" ' ,4Not yet, Bornice— not until' you listen . to what I have to say," said Monk, firmly. ; 44 Ohotwynd thinks you a spcctro, as you say. Ho will go back to bis room presently. Thero's timo onougb j but you must listen to mo." ' .:«« Then speak quickly. How can I wait? He thinks mo deiul— ho wants mo—" \- 44 How do you know that ho wants you?" asked Monk, iu crisp, hard tones. \ Bornico scarcely seemed to understand. . '. Monk repeated tho question. VHpvydoI know? Why, because I want ' htm. Oh, I lovd him so I I must go to bim, : Rolonse;mo from my oath, Gilbert— »" . 44 Hoar mo first. Bernice, I havo thought you tbo bravest, tho noblest, the most gener ous :6f women, biit you hro selfish liko tho rest. . You aro not capable of scU-sacri- fico" ; 44 What Bclf-Qacrifice ?" asked tho girl, in a sharp wliisper. - 44 Aro you capablo of a suhlimo Bclf-abno- \- gatfon?" demanded Monk, his blacJ; oycsnll \- aflnmo.' "Can you immolate Self on tho nltar of your husband's happiness? I have : thought that there was in you .tliu rituff of ' 'which martyn nro madu but, ahl-you' aro liko all the rest, rugnrdful only of your own ' petty love. And yet there hnvc been women " what' havo sacrificed tbcmsclves" for their , husbnndd— " ' ' 41 Gilbert, what -do ycu mean ?" cried Bornico,. her voice ringing sharply on the I . " What wa3 your last act before falling into the trancb in which you were consigned to your tomb?" asked Monk, in a stern voice, '7 . lternico' seemed about to answer, but paused, deathly white. , ' Vou .reruomhor ? . Your Inst act was to ' olasu tho bauds of Ohntywnd and Sylvia Monk together, And " what was your last words?" No answer camo from the girl's white l»ps, Sho began to undorsiund his drift. "Your last words wero to beg Chotwynd, after a suitably uoason of mourning, far you, to marry Bylvia Mouk," dcolared Gilbert, in \- his pasatenfess voice. 44 Was It not so?" \- - Bornico looked at him durably, a world of gathering woo In her gyeat vivid eyes of . gloom. " You do not contradict mo. Your.lnst apt eforo yoiic. Booming doath as to roanlto thoso two who had been so terribly parted.' And thoy wore glad yon gavb them back to each other. . After consigning you to the burial vault, Ohotwynd returned home and bad n private interview with Sylvia. In that iittcrviow nil wna mado straight bo tween them. Chctwynd .thought it best to spend the year of his mourning abroad, and lie went. Ho wonld not cxposo his future wifcto malicious comment. Ho returned to day. This very ovsning Obctwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Your day Is past— it is another's now I Your plnco is filled. Yon nro not wanted here. -Tho revelation that you" live will only bring dismay rind honor. Bernicc, from my soul 1 pity you I My henrt bleeds for yon 1" Tbo girl drooped silently on her knees in tho wldo stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. 44 There havo been women," said Monk, after a long silence, 41 so self-abnegating that upon such a return to life they would go away in silence, without revealing tho blasting secret of their continued lifo. Arc there each women now?" There was a long and terriblo pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for her response, but ho had long to wait. At last her low and broken voice cut Bbarply through the stillness, with the words : " But I am his wife, you know. Wo said, ' until death do us part and I'm not dead, Gilbert, His second marriago, while I live, would bo illegal," 44 Not so. Death annuls all tics. Yon seemed to die, And wero buried. You aro supposed to bo dead— you aro dead, In tbo eyes of tho law," said tho villain, with an air ot reluctant sincerity. 44 If yon wero to reappear, it Is -possible that yoar marriage ceremony might have to he performed again .to mako you Ohotwynd's wlfo. I repeat, that in tbo oyes of tho Taw you nre dead. Chctwynd's second marriago wonld be legal and valid." Tbo gir), brought up In a far Island of tho sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly Ignorant upon many points on which nn English school-girl is well informed, having implicit rclidnco upon and faith in the man who had rescued her from tho tomb, believed himl 44 1 will go away," she said, in a vofco so strange that Monk hnrdly recognised It." <4 lam ri:ad in tho eyes of tbe law. It will be no crime for them to marry. I heard him call her hU 4 promised wife I saw blm kiss her. They shall be happy. I love hire so well that I will dio oven for his sako I" 44 And you will go back to Mawr Castle ?" The girl nodded dumbly, - 14 I'll find Flack, He shall blroacarringo, and drive yon to somo station beyond East- bourne. It would not bo well for yon to be seen even in Eastbourne. Flack wilt ac company yon back to tho castle. Yon havo done a bravo, grand, and noblo thing in giv ing op Roy, Bcrnicc. I admire you for your sublime sclf-sacrificc. I will mako your future my charge. I will bo jour brother, will watch over you, and try to mnko you happy. Wait here, Bornico, whilo I go to find Flack and send blm for the car riage, I will return and seo yon safely out and on your way with him." Bernice agRin nodded assent, and ho went out, leaving her alono in tho bare, cold room, in tho palo stream of moonlight. Ho mado his way down to tho edgo of tho .park, and rcndilv found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in tbo shadow of tho trees. Monk communicated tho fact of his success, and sent his ally to tho littlo inn at Ohot- wynd-by- Sea for tho required carriage. Having seen him depart, folly instructed. Monk stole back again into the house. All was still now in roome and corridors. IIo crept along tho dim passages, and asoended tho Btaira to the attics. Ho entered tho little room in which be had left Bernico. Sho was not there I Ho stood as if trans fixed, "What had happened? Had sho bcendis- covorcd? Had she repented her eelf-sacri- 'flee? His wild oyes detected tho gleam of paper , on the floor in tlib broad sheen of the moon light. He hounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Bcrnice's note. book, and there was writing on it. Ho struck a fusee, nud read tbo irregularly scrawled words. They had beon written by Bernice, and weie as follows : "Gilbert: I havo given him up. I shell respect my oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leavo bira yot, Ono more look at bis dear faco— to hear bfs voice again— to sco him sleeping — surely I may be per mitted theso without fear of wronging any one. , Do not search for me, I may go. back, to Mawr Castle in time— notriow, My only- thought now is that ho Is here and T must bo near bim, myself unseen." Tiiat . was all. Monk sought for her through nil tho' hours of that night. ' He listened at Chctwynd's door ; lie was in an agony of unrest and foreboding, for his search was in vain. He did not find hor 1 7 CHAPTER XIV; A REALITY UNDER THE 8EEMINO. Hpori the morning after the double ap- pearanco of the 4 4 6pcctro " of Lady Ohet- wynd at Chctwynd Park, the family met at tbe breakfast table at tho ubuqI hour, every member . bearing evidence, in heavy oyes and pallid face. of having passed a sleepless and anxious, night. Tho young marquis bad been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernlco throughout tho-. night as _to have quite for gotten his second betrothal - to Miss Monk. But Sylvia, as may ho supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness In. hor raannor, a soft .reliance upon him,, a loving deference, tliat rccalled'to Lord Obctwynd tho fnct that sbo was h's - betrothed wifo. His face, however, did not brighten at tho remembrance, and tho .haggard look in his blue, oyes even deepened. He wosBtracgoly silent, throughout tlio meal, although Sylvia nnd- Gilbcrjj Monk, who camo in late, wero both seemingly gay, rind freo from anxiety and care. . . After brenUfnst, Miss Monk took ' Lord Chctwynd's arm with the air of one Having a right to its support, nud -walked through tho great hall to tho winter morning-room. "Oh, Roy," sho said, "how.bnppy.Iatni Your wife, rind mistress of Chctwynd 1'ark j Lite holds no joys that ehn compatc with liu-se, ;And, Roy, don't think mo unmaid- enly if I speak to you regarding our betro- thai. As the poor dependent, my lifo is a burden to rac. I think it would be but fair and j 'is t to mo that our engagement should ho proclaimed at onco. My position will then bo made clear, and I shall not feel com pelled to seek othur shelter." Obctwynd winced a little. He would have preferred not toannotinoo bis cngngc- raentof marriago so Boon after .his return- home, hut he reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. : i knew you would think aa I do," said Sylvia, In a tono of satisfaction, 44 1 pre; auracd upon your consont to ray wishes, and have already communicated tho foot of our. engagement to Mrs. Bkcwcr and to Ragec I shall write a -nolo to Lady Wclby to-day, informing her also, and sho will spread tho nows throughout Bu&sc-x.; Lady Welby will come to sco me at once. And, Roy, when she asks mo how soon wo nro to bo married, what shall I say to hor?" Ohotwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. 44 1 do not know— 1 had not thought," ho snld. 41 1 leavo tho date of our marriago to you, Sylvia, Any date you may fix upon will bo agreeable to mo." 44 Then let mo sny this day two months," said Miss Monk, vivaciously, >4Itisnow March, Wo will bo married in May, in tbo season of early flowers and good weather. Wo will have a grand breakfast, here at tkc Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a ball,, to celcbroto our marriago. And wo will then go. to the Continent for -tho summer dividing ouAjlmo 'between (Baden-Baden, Bps, Wlcabaacn, Yicbjr,ond Trouyllle, I wili do yriu credit, Boy. I shall bo gay and charming, and as sumptuously dressed as Eugenie in the height- of her glory. Ah, that reminds me," and she clanpcd her jewelled hands more tightly on tho Marquis's aim, and regarded him with an affectation, of shyness and embarrassment, " I would liko to nssumc my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word?" and sbo forced a laugh, " I am already a pensioner upon your bounty, noy—" "Not bo, Sylvia. Do not use an expression: like that. You havo been a dear sister to mo, and havo occupied an honored position in roy household. You havo been no pen sioner or dependent, It is my wiBh also that you havo a suitable trousseau," and bo sighed heavily. "I will give you a blank chcquo to-day, and yon can order yonr jewels, shawls, laces, and tho rest, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratltudo Sho fiusg her arms mound his neck and kissed him. Ho re turned the cares9 in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that at another time would have angered her. She talked to bim gaily for a- while, until tho bniliff made his appearance, and then she glided away to hcrown room,, triumphantly happy. 14 Everything is going on splendidly, Ra- gee," sho said, entering her dressing- room with a wild waltz, 44 Chctwynd consents to tbo immediate announcement of our engage ment ; and I have appointed tbia day two months for the marriage. Ho will glvo mo a blank cheque to-day for my trousseau. He cannot retreat now. I nm sure to bo Lady Chctwynd. Quit brooding over that' mystery of the ghost for nn Hour, and help ao to mako out my lists forordcrs and shop, ping. Wo havo timo enough to otridy the mystery afterwards." Miss Monk eat down at her desk and wroto an affectionate note to her friend, Ltd y Wclby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chctwynd. Her next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering n magnificent trousseau . She also wrote to vnrious business houses in London for samples of goods and garments to bo sent to Obctwynd 1'nrk for her inspection, thus ordering jowcls, ehawls, rare laccs, and a host of other feminine adornments. Sbo went down to luncheon, meeting tho marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who had been invited to remain. It was evident that tho bailiff bad not been informed of tho new relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lndv awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good, fortune, which soon occurred and tho bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After the repnst, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to bis own room, and was seen no moro until dinner. Tho intervening hours were actually spent by him in an ex amination of tho disused portions of tho grand old faouso, in tho hope of finding Bernico. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chctwynd retired to ms room that night with a scnio of disappointment, half convinced tbnt ho bod been indeed tbe vlo- tlm of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late before tbe fire io his bed chamber, with bis eyes fixed with inlenso expectancy npon tbo door of tbo bathroom, praying that tho "illusion" might bo repeated. Ho prayed in vain. The firo burned low on his henrth. Tho silence of midnight lay liko a spell upon tho house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for. And at last, wearied and hopoicss, he flung himself on bis pouch and dropped into a troubled sleep. Ho hAd been slumbering more than nn hour, and his deepening breathing eounded through tho hushed room, and the ligbt burned low, and tbe embers were dying on the henrth, when tho dcorof tho dressing room softly opened, arid the 44 spectre " stole into tho. room. No instinct warned him that Bernico wns near, Thopnlscs of his henrt sGrred not as she stole through tho dimness— like a ghost. Indeed— to bis side, and bent above bim In nri agony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell like snow- flakes softly on bis hair, his face, his hands, and ho felt them not. He bad been much awake on the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense, 44 My darling I 0, my darjlog 1" was the mute ory that filled Bcrnico's heart. 44 Tbo new lovo will never worship you as the old lovo did, Bylvfa cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to bo thought dead, and yet to live— to know that regret for one is ovor, pnd that ono Is no longer missed, It is hard to seo one's placo filled— to know that another's caresses aro dearest how, another's voice sweetest, another's lovo most prized, . I should have died in my trance, Oh, Go'dl why. did I not dio?" She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a silent rain upon tho fairgoldon bair of her young haebnnd. And ho who loved her better than bfs life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing, of her nearness to bim. Exbnustion fettered bim as a drug might bftvodonc, Bernico kissed- his bands softly, Sho yearned over bim. And yet sbo dnred not betray to him her presence. Hor oath re strained hor, A little , white , sho lingered, until bo stirred uneasily in bis sleep; and then sbo silently flitted away, going iulo tho dressing room, . Sho bad hidden in tho attics all day. Sho was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing slnco tho previous day, Sbo stood before tbo hearth In her dressing-room in an attitude of flight, barkening Intently, and warming herself. There was a silver tray on tho table, with a half bottlo of wine and some biscuits, which had been brought up by tho butler for Lord Obctwynd late In the evening, tho butler having observed how littlo his lordship bad eaten at tablo since his return homo. Tho littlo attention to the marquis stood Bernlco in good stead. She drank a portion of tbo wine and ato the biBCultB as alio grew warm and comfort able, But sho might riot linger hero. It was timo to go. Sho had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on. her journey from Wales, nod it wna hidden in an upper room now. She bad chosen to lay it psido during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, .if she were met, to bo taken for a spcctro. Tho clonk wns not warm enough to protect her from tho chill of tho dump of tho unused rooms Which she made her lmunt, and she stole nOw to ono of the wardrohcaand pulled but a lower drawer in which sho lma kept her simwis. . Tho olmwls were there now as sho had left them, ller dresses hung in tlio press, and wero folded on the shelves, just as Fifino bad arranged them. Sho took oat. an Indian coshmero shawl which Chctwyud had bought for her in London, and wrapped He soft folds around her. Then sbo closed tbo drawer and crept to tho dour and listened. . Not a sound was to bo henrd without. . Sbo opened -the door and orept out into tho hail, stealing along in tho dimness liko a swift shadow. She crossed tbo wldo ball to place herself at greater distanco from Ohot/ wynd's rooms, and - so unconsciously pnsscd closo to the doors of tho suit occupied ' by ' Mies Monk. Sho passed tho drcesing-room and bed chamber of her East Indian rival, hor heart boating, it seemed to her,' liko n drum, As she enrao abreast tho door of Mies Monk's bath-room, which had been ajar all tbo evening, it silently opened, and tho witch- Hko figure of old Rsgco creptout like a flash. Bornico caught a gllrapoo only or tho dasky East Indian (aco, which resembled a faco cut from a walnut more than anything olso, a red turban, a parr of outstretched arms, ,and tho gleam of sinister eyes, and then sho flow boforo her otrango puroaoy without ft word of outory7" Tho old woman sprang upon her liko' a fiantber, clutching bcr shawl. Bernico ooscned her hold upon it and flitted away without it, liko tbo white spcctro she seemed.. . Sho hnrriod .into tho branching corridor in n panic, but . tho old woman did not pnrsuo her. Rageo clutched tbe shawl tightly In., her arras and hurried back into tho ; bath-room. No one had been aroused. 6ho went into Miss Monk's hed-cbambcr, Sylvia was sitting up In bed anxious and expectant. 44 Well ?" said thcyonng lady, impatiently. "You haTC watched nil tho eronlng, Rageo, depriving mo of my sleep, and- what- good bavoyou gaincd byll?" , 44ThlsI" cried old Rageo, dashing tho shawl down npon the bed. 4< Do yon know that shawl? I havo just seen the spectre 1 It came oat of . the Into Lady Ohotwynd's dressing-room. It was dressed In white, only It wore this shawl to protect It from tho cold; It crossed tbo Hall, When it camo alongside the bath-room I darted oat -and grasped tho shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. Tbe spectre was flesh and blood 1 tho shawl proves that. I saw its lace;, it wns white with terror ; it was changed and beautiful;, but It was the faco ol Lady Ohetwyrid I— the faco of the living mar chioness! It is asl hove believed. Gilbort Monk overheard ourscbcming, and outwitted 'tis. The girl Is alivo, I tell you 1 . Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagloe. She has bat to speak to send yon and mo to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action That protended death mast bo mado a reality 1" CHAPTER XV. the new celebrity Wo have now to relate tho experiences of Mr. Tempest, tho great explorer of Obina and Tartary, who. bad been tbo travelling companion of Lord Chctwynd npon tbo re turn to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, and his explorations and discoveries had made n great sensation in tho scientific world. He had sent books home to bo published under the auspices of the Royal Geographical So ciety, and his name had become In England a household wcrd. Upon the morning after tho departure of Lord Chctwynd for Sussex— the morning after Mr. Tempest bod read In tbo news paper of ttttf disaster ot sea In which Mr. ana Mrs, Gwcllan bad porichcd— tbo great explorer exhumed his manuscripts, diaries, and reports from his portmanteau, and made his way to tho headquarters of tbo Boyal Geographical Society. He found himself received with flattering attentions. Members thronged around him to shako bands with bim. Before bo left tbe Society rooms bo bad received a dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. Tempest would bava declined them all. His heart was sore with tho recent wound inflicted by tbo notice of 44Bernico Gwcllan's" death. Ho wanted to return quietly whence ho had come, but so many 41 Fellows" of tho B.G.S combined to combat bis resolves that bo consented to remain a month In England at tbo least, and accepted an invitation to dine with a learned F.B.G.S, — ono Sir Harry Fortescno —that very day, and an . invitation for tho morrow witha party of scientific gentle men; i 44 You look harassed, Tempest," said Sir Harry Fortescae, as at lost he walked oat of the society rooms arm In arm-with the great explorer, on their way to tbo baronet's club. Into wbioh Tempest bad boon per suaded to 44 drop " for on hour. 44 Yoa think we ebAll ran you to dcathPbat when tho ladies— tho most Indefatigable lion hunters in tho world— come upon you, you will have to surrender at discretion, . Have you over been much (n English society, my dear sir?"" 44 Not of late years/' replied Mr, Tempest. 44 1 don't liko society, Sir Horry. My fifteen years, more or less, in Tartary, havo not fitted mo to grnco a lady's boudoir. I should liko to ask after a few wbom,<I re member. As yet I havo made no inquiries. Where is young Lord Grafton now-a- days?" 44 Dead. He died ten years Blrice," 44 Indeed 1" said tha explorer. 41 Can you tell mo "anything of the Right Honorable Mrs. William Molyncnx, n great beauty and belle a dozen years ago ? 1 He . asked ..tho- question with seeming carclessnces and ' indifference, his faco averted, He might have inquired, judging from bis tone, after; soma cbnnco acquaintance of former times. But his faco had grown sud denly-pale, his forehead was dewed with sweat, and his mouth quivered under , his beard. Ho awaited tho baronet's answer in a breathless suspense, 1 44 1 remember Mrs. Molyneux/' said Sir Harry. 44Whodoesnot? Sho. was, aa you eay. tt great beauty. Sho had some trouble with. her husband, I bolievc. I never under stood- what tho troublo was, but ho deserted her. Sho went to ono of tho German baths for her health." Sho never recovered from tbe blow of ber husband's dcsortlon. Sho camo homo a wreck of hor former self, rind buried herself somewhere in tho country. Sbo lost her only child In its infancy, I havo heard, and bad fow ties to bind her to life. Hor's was a sad story, Sho died seven years Ago—'! 44 Died ?" . "Yes— of consumption, I think. Her death was In tril tho papers. Did you knew her.wcll . Mr. Tempest did not reply lamediatoly, nor. did bo show his face to his companion, who would have been startled at Its singular pallor, and at tho strango' expression of emotion that convulsed it. 44 1 met her often in society," - the ex plorer said at ; last, ae tho siloneo grew marked and oppressive. 44 Hero we are at my club, Mr. Tempest," said Sir Harry, . "I am. anxious to Intro duce you to my frionds. Perhaps you may really- find somo of your- old acquaintances among them/.' Tempest hesitated; His soul was pro foundly stirred by tho news ho bad just heard. Ho would havo given much to bo able to creep away to some friendly solltudo just thoo, bat he conquered bis long ing, and with an exercise of bis almost superhuman self-control calmed bis features nnd resumed his ordinary mannor. Ho accompanied Sir Harry into tho club ; men of note nnd 'rank were introduced to bim, and ho found his namo and travels -alike well known to Sir Harry'u frionds. Ho met no old acquaintances. IIo dined that evening with Sir. Harry Fortcscue, ns he had promised. His heart wns in mourning for Bernico, whom he be lieved to bo dead, and also ia mourning and tern by tbo pangs of Belf?ropr'oacU because of .that Mrs. Molyrieux whoso, story bad been so sad, and who. had died so young. 44 And vet what havo . I to reproach my self for?" ho naked himself, with ansry .defiance.' i I did rightly. And fioor Mar guerite is dead 1 4 Died seven years ago,' It is as woll." A largo .party had been ; arranged to succeed tho dinner. Tho ladies drovo homo to dress for tho larger ovening entertain ment, Lady Fortescuo retired to bcr private rooms, and Mr. Tempest adjourned with his host and a few kindred souls to tho library, to spend tho hours intervening betweon the two entertainments la congenial conver sation. , As tbo hour grow Into tho drawing-rooms began to fill with gailr-dressed peoplo, and the host returned , vtb bis- friends to tbo scene of brightness arid splendor. Sir Harry, as in duty bound, placed himself in closo attendance upon Lady Fortcs cue, assisting her In tho reception of bor guests. Tempest , was, as at tbp dinner, over- 'whelmed .with. Attention; which ho, con- tinuodto tecclTo modcBtly und iodily. Hla wit- gleamed like a polished swood biaae, cutting now nud .thon to the bono. He was cynical, oool, bauglity, reserved, and strangely enough, he was a social success, Lady T tcactio mado a tour of her grand rooms M(>n Ills arm, introducing him to vorlous luilieB with a pretty air of pro prietorship, as if roeaniog to assert that tbo mow lion was her own especial pro perty. 44 Do you know, Mr. Tempest," said her lady6bip,sailing, 44 that I am piqued atyour cynicism and hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shAU bow his haughty head to the yoko of au Englishwoman? No? You did not sub- pect my designs? Woll, I have given you fair warning.". 44 And who may this conquering English woman bo 7": 44 She is Lady Diana Northwick. You seo her by tho window. Burronndcd by her Adorers, She is an Iceberg— a human ice berg— a coquette. But is she not beautiful 7 Sbo Is engaged to mnrry Lard Tcntamoar, who- now stands at her sido, holding hor bouquet. What do you think of ber?" Tempest glanced in the direction indicated to him, and behold at a distant window, .surrounded by a charmed circle ot gentle men, a woman rarely beautiful— 40 beautiful that one having once seen her faco could never forget it. Sho was tall; regal, and statuesque, with a nobis and queenly carriage of ber. stately figure. Her parojGreck fnco was superb in Its royal haughtiness. Tho red lips wore curled in a smile that was strangely fascinat ing nnd winning. She was a blonde of tho purest type, with a complexion like tbo fairest pearl. Her hair was of a pale golden tint, yellow, .without a glint of red in its luxuriant masses. It wns arranged in crCprs, nod puffs, and rolls, nnd curls, after the fashion of the day, but its fanciful disorder could not conceal tho shape of her small, noblo head, which wns pofssd proudly upon her slender neck. Sho looked an empress, in her robe of pnlo blao velvet, with trim mings ot point lacc, and ornaments of diamonds. 'She is very bcanttfol," said Tempest, slowly. 44 1 can imagine a man falling in lovo with her, but you say sho is a coquette 1 There is a disdain in her haughty glance, as she looks around her at this moment. Is that a revelation of her Inner nature? Is she really above all these coquetrirs?" "Tho question shows that she has already cast her glamour over yon," Bald Lady For tcscue, banteringly. " That is always tho way. It is fortunate that yon have no tic to bind yon to another. Think if you should fall in I070 with Lady Di while you were tbo husband of somo other woman? Such a thing would not bo unknown here in London. Ab, 1 fancy you wince. Jlr. Tem pest. Can It bo that thcro is a Mrs. Tem pest in the background all the while ?' Lady Fortrsquc inquired, smilingly. 44 No; I should say that could not be," said tho explorer, calmly. 44 All tho tics that once fettered mcarc broken. But I atn no silly moth to flutter around tho flame of Lady Di'a beauty. 1 candidly think that sbo is ono of the racst bcauriful women I bare overseen— perhaps the most beautiful ; but hcr's is tbo beauty of tho glorious marble statue, not tho beauty of n tender woman. Do men call her heartless ?" "Yes, and rave about her, nnd go mad about bcr beauty, She enjoys her power, and that is why alio has held ber lover, Lord Tentamour, so long at arms1 length. They will be married soon, I hear." "Who is Lady Northwiok?" ridked Tem pest, 44 She is tho widow ol Sir Basil North wick, a rich baronet, who was sufficiently accommodating to die' and leave her nil his wealth. Sho must be nearly thirty years old. Did you noftell mo that you do not care for wtmen ? Yet sco how long we havo been talking .ribont the . most brilliant co quette in London. Having excited your curiosity in regard to her, permit mo to in troduce you to hor."? ' 41 Thanks," said Tempest, bowing assent. 44 1 daro say you aro tired of me, Lady Fortcscue, ana aro willing to bo rid of me." They advanced towards tho reigning bells, who welcomed tho lion of the evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Foxtescue presented tho great explorer, and then moved away. At tho distanco of a few paces Bho paused to speak to a guest, and her glanacs reverted to Lady Diaoa and Tempest. Tbo Tartar traveller was already deop ln conversation With the polished coquette. " Lady Di is sure to add Mr. Tempest; to her list of lpvere," thought MrsI Fortcscuo, with a thrill of dismay, 44 He' docs not understand a woman's wiles. She; would like to win tho homagoof tho new oolobrity. I fancy ho is a widower. Thoro was a strango expression fti his oyes when I spoke of a possible. Mrs. Tempest. I could fancy hitri newly bexpaved when 1 remember that look. I am persuaded that something start ling will grow out of this meetlng'of Lady Di arid TempcA. He will fall in love with hor and bo will not go back to Tar tary next month. But . what will bo tho end?" : .With another glanco at -the pair, Lady Fortesqne disappeared.— (7b be Continued ) 