A "Warwick GhoBt Btory. When thoy eee alligators in Rookhampton itis a sign that the quality of the rum haB deterior ated, or thut the citizeuB are like Berlin, on the Spree. But when ghosts are seen in peaoeful Warwick the signs are that something is going to happen. In the first plaoo no ghost with any decent taste wonld ever select that oity as a residence when he has all the wo-ld to eeleot from, and in the second place the local polioa force hag no fear of supernatural visitants. Tbo reason of these remarks will be Been by a porusal of the follow ing, dipped from the column- of the Warwick Examiner and Times of tbo lath instant: " On a oertain night last week .n Warwick, a lad, who bad occasion to ho working to a late hour, was sent a messago to a di-tance of abont 10 chains. Tbo messago delivered, tho lad was returning, but on the way took fright, and ran for his life, scrraming at the top of hiB voioe. A member of tho 'foorce,' who was on duty at the hear, pursued the lad down the street, and onvght him, gasping for breath. In answer to why he was causing suoh a disturbance, the lad said bo bad Been a ghoat ohass him, and he bad sot earned for help. It was the second or third time the same ghost had given him ' a go.' The poliocman inquired in whioh direotion the gboet came, to whioh the boy pointed: ' Let's look for him,' said the officer, taking tho boy by the arm, and on thoy went. They first tried the paddook adjoining the court house, then the court house yard, and stables, bnt all in vain ; the ghost was nowhere to he found. The invisible being had baffled both the offloer and the boy. The search seemed hopeless to both, and after the poliocman had fuund out on what night the lad wonld again be out — so that the constablo oould be on the alert to oatoh the ghoBt— tho pair parted." A Russian dootor spoa>a enthusiastically of what he calls "urtiratinn" — tbat is,' pricking with a bitnoh of froeh nettles — as a onto for anesthesia, neuralgia, and numerous other diseases. It has long been in use among the Ru'sian peasantry. The Common- place Book. — In reatllUR authors, if you find Bright passages which strike tho mind, . Ann which perhaps you may havo reason To tit ink ot at another season. Don't bo contented with the eight, ' But pus tliom down hi black and whlto. Consumption is rare in ohildhood, but in creases rapidly after tho age of 16, and ia most common between tho age of 26 and 80. . Those who esoupe it till the latter ago are less and less prone to it as the yeara advanoo, and may . escape it entirely even though they have a hereditary prodiBpoeition to it. . 