. a cruise m the lady loch. MALLACOOTA INLET. . By Our Special Rerorter. " II. .Daylight oil Momlny morning saw us benr away from the friomlly shelter of Western l'ort ,®U<1 steam toward Wilson's Promontory. Wo passed very close to tint inhospitable looking peninsula, Captain Livingstone taking us the insido passage between the mainland and the numerous islands which crop up — mere barren rocks — all round the Promontory. A wild look ing place it was when we passed it in fair Weather. How much more so when The breaking waves dash high. The lighthouse which guards this most southerly point of the Australian continent wns brought into full view as-. wo steamed along , close in to the rocks nud waved a greeting to a couple of attendants as they stood on tho edge of a cliff nearly 400 feet above us, dwarfed by the distance into child-liko figures. "We bore away then to Cliffy Island, a3 our kind hearted captain wished to send what newspapers .we had on board to tho lighthouse keepers there. We were all laid under contribution, and each gave Ills mite of journalistic and other literature. The genial secretary to tho Yegotablo Products Board— the Auoient Mariner, we lovingly dubbed him — dived deep down into tho recesses of liis port manteau and brought out several numbers of tho Yiticultural Journal, but when he saw tho rocky pinnacle on which tho men were immured ho replaced them with a sigh. " There is not soil onougli to grow a weed, let alone oven tho ghost of a garden," was his soliloquy. "It would simply bo making tho poor fellows' mouths water uselessly if they wore to read about vino-planting." He was right too. Such a dreary prison house. And yet there were two littlo girls there standing waving their hand kerchiefs frantically to us from tho top of the pinnacle. Poor littlo ones ! What a lifo to lead. How pleased they woro to see us as they scrambled like goats down the rooks to the land ing place — a largo mass of stone — off which our boat lay tossing about, waiting for a favorablo opportunity to grasp a line which the lighthouse keeper dangled from above. It was no easy task the boat had, as tho rollers dashed with the full force of tho Southern Ocean against the rooky parapet. The mate, who worked the steering oar, was an adept at this work, however, and by his skilful guidanco a line, well thrown, was grasped by one of the rowers, the papers tied to it and safely hauled up, not, however, before the white crested top of a roller caught tho pared as It hung in mid air and saturated it. A few vigorous strokes and the boat was again alongside, hauled up and made snug in its accustomed place, and away tho Littlo Lady -went boring her course through tlio dark green waters, not ten minutes having been lost by the stoppage. "Wo learn that tho Lady Loch pays periodical visits at intervals of six months to this barren spot for the purposo of bringing stores; and perlinp3 a couple moro visits in a twelvemonth for inspec tion purposes. This is nil tho communication the inhabitants lmvo with tlio outside world, unless some chanco visit like onr own occurs. Tlio people, however, try their hands occasion- ally at "flash light" conversation with the ' "Wilson's Promontory folks. My object in dwolling on this is to bring under the notice of Melbourne and inland residents how joyfully a parcel of books, journals or newspapors would he reoeived by the guardians of our light houses! Tho Secretary of Porta and Harbors, Mr. "Wilson, would, I am sure, grato- . fully take charge of any little presents in this way, and distribute them amongst the various lighthouse keepers. 'Here is an oppor- tunity of conferring n real benefit on a desorving class which is within the easy reach of every one. Special boxes are set asido at tho metro politan railway stations for tho reception of newspapers, &c.;, tor distribution amongst tho patients of our hospitals. "Why cannot . onr shipping firms provide similar boxes in their coastal steamers where passengers may place literature for the use of lighthouse keepers and their children ? Those who "go down to the sea in ships " will willingly deposit when read the , books they carry to relievo tho tedium of tho voyage, and thus contribute to onliven many a dull hour of those without whoso aid ship after ' ship would rush on to lior doom. "A clear course nowfor Mallneoota," says our captain, and "Hey for Ronald M 'Donald," sings out our Ancient Mariner, accompanying the same with the characteristic dance wbioh is wedded to this famous song. We all join in, hut a saucy roll on the part of her ladyship sends us flying into tho lee scuppers, much to tlio amusement of the skipper and his merry men. With song, jest and yarn tho afternoon passes, the party, however, dwindling away by , degrees, after tho manner of ilie diminishing orchestra in Haydn's Surprise Symphony. Only the motive is not the samo, for we are by this time running along the open ocean, parallel with the Ninety-mile Beach, broadside on to the rollers of the Pacific. There is ah uncanny roll about the vessol, and some of us realise with too much vividness what it is to bo " Kocked in the cradle of the deep." Tho succeeding line of this famous song fits in well with the feelings evoked, with tho excep tion of the last few words. Pour or five of us, however, are proof against such vanities, and verify the aphorism of one person's meat being auothor person's poison. For a merry party we are without doubt, and Bit up far into the night drinking in the keen sea breeze, sniffing up the delicious odor of the ocean and expanding our lungs with " God's most glorious oxygen." We are loth to leave the deck, for the Btars shine '" brilliantly, and there is a magnetic attraction in tho dark velvety waters which surround us. Tho hiss of the parted waters as tho little steamer tears her way through them is music to us, pleasant to listen to. So why should we go to sleep? Besides, we have those with us who eharm ns into wakefulness. Strange tales we hear of the early history of the colony from those who have done their brave share towards founding" this Greater Britain. But- nature is not to bo denied, however, nud long ere eight bolls has sounded we are wrapped in our blankets and asleep, Tho rising sun is fast dissolving the mist which, obscures Bam Head as wo tako our morn ing bathe. And what, a delicious batho it is. There is a capacious bath for those who desire it, but the majority prefer the hose, and revel in "the cold stream which rushes from its nozzle. ! ! One of- us, however, commenood tho game too soon, and poured upon his astonished shins a stream of water which wns nearer boiling than , freezing point. A yell which might have .boon heard at Capo Howe followed, but fortunately jit turned out to bo one of sur prise, not , of injury. By tho time wo have ' finishod our bath wo are abreast of Littlo ' Bam Head, and can soo the breakers thundering on a rugged coast. .What kiud of a show have we of landing with suoli a surf on, is the . anxious query ? "Patience," says our skipper, "this is only the result of last night's blow. There i3 no wind now, and the sea is hound to go down." But our Ancient Mariner wont let 11s alone. He tells us a story of- his landing at Mallaooota a score of years ago. How the big whaleboat spun about like a cork, wns caught on tho crest of a roller, and carried willy nilly a few inches past a jagged point of r'ook, and eventually . . thrown 011 to tlio beach sate and sound after a gymnnstic performance 'on tho part of the steer oar which was not down on the pro- gi amino. , Tinkle, tinkle, goe3 the bell, and the thud of tlio screw is heard no longer. "Let go," and the anchor plunges down into clear wnter until it finds its bed in the white sand wo see so distinctly beneath us. The good ship is brought up witli a round turn a few hundred yards from a sandy shore on which the' breakers thunder with monotonous regularity, So this is Mallaooota Inlet ! But whore is the inlet, and where is the entrance to it ? AVe nee right before us simply a beach, which appears to rise out of the water rather abruptly. To the left a green hill runs down to the sand, ending in .a rocky point, which juts out into the sea. This is Bastion Point, tho western boundary of the inlet, ' and under the lcc or these rocks, forbidding as they look, must our landing be effected. We are lying about half a. mile from the shore, but the closest scrutiny with good glasses fails to our uninitiated gaze to discover any entrance, although Captnin Living stone points out the spot. Nothing but a drear waste of sand do we see. Casting our eyos abroad, however, wo find many objects of iu- . tcrcst. Tho two islands to our right, which seem nt first sight ono, . nro Tallaburga and Gabo. Tho former has a -melancholy' interest for us, for somo 37 years ago it was tho sceno of a terrible shipwreck, when the Monumental City, a paddle steamer bound for Sydney, full of passengers, mistaking tho Little Bam Head for Capo Howe, shaped her course accordingly, and in the dead of night rail straight on to this island and was smashed to pieces. - A number of tho ill fated peoplo managed to reach the island, but there thoy found nothing to cat or drink, and terrible privations they endured. They constructed rafts to try to reach tile mainland a couplo of miles away. Most of the rafts were suuislicJ to pieces amongst the breakers, ami only very few people reached tho shore. The survivors wore well treated by Mr. Allen, tlio pioneer of Mallneoota, ami con ducted by him to Eden. Then ho buried what bodies he could find — somo at Tallaburga and others nt Unbo. The sen, however, was con tinually giving up its dead, nnd now Tallaburga is a veritable Golgotha, where human skulls and hones can ho seen strewn about, bleached by nearly 40 years of exposure to tho ele ments. Since then Gabo lias been provided with a lighthouse. Wo see it from where wo lie standing clear out against tho Heavens. Graceful it seems at this distance, and more graceful wo found it on subsequent olosor in spection, for it is built of beautiful red porphyry out from the rooks of which Gnbo Island is composed. Glancing from Gabo to the mainland the eye naturally falls on a dark wall of highlands stretching away from the const, whore the altitudo is not great and running inland until it attains a mighty height and fades amongst the clouds. Mr. Black is gazing at tho range as at an old friend. It is the Howo range, and marks tho boundary between A'ictorm and tho mother colony. How Messrs. Black and A. C. Ai'mn sLn- ted simul taneously, tho former from Forest Hill, whore the Murray is but a babbling brooklet, and tho latter from, Cape Howe, to survey tho boundary line, is a matter of history. Between them they performed their work so accurately that when the two lines met there was ouly a difference of 3 inches to be accounted for. This work stands unbonten as a marvel of computation. That high peak in tho back foreground is Howe Hill, 1202 foot in height. AVo can also distinguish numerous mountains in New South AVales, whose names havo escaped mo. Tiu-ninjfto tho west, and letting your eye roam over A'ictorian territory, you are still among the mountains, for tho whole of that immense tract of country known ns Croajingoloug is a succession of ranges. There is n remarkable mountain rising a few miles inland, towering over its lesser brethren, ono side of which is evidently a sheer precipice. This is Genoa Peak, nnd wo are destined to climb to its summit ore we leave tho district. "No use attempting to land now," was the dictum of our skipper. "Let us to breakfast, after which I hope tho sea will havo gone down sufficiently to allow us to beaeli the long boat." Sage advice and promptly followed, for early rising and fresh sea air begot appetite. By 10 o'clock the boat was ready alongside, and . awny she went to feel tho way, for Captain Living stone was careful of his guests' safety, and kept us all aboard until he had satisfied himself that landing was feasible. AAro watched the boat as she made her way towards tho jagged point, propelled by four stalwart rowers. A momont she steadies herself, and tlion seizing the oppor tunity, tho lads bend their backs, ar.d away she goes on tho top of a large roller sweeping past the point. Now comes the tussle, for were she caught by tho rebound, nothing could save her from tho cruel rocks. A few vigorous strokes, howevor, nnd she is lying in quiet water under the protection of that which threatened her des truction a second or two before. The bow oar seizing a rojio is into the water in a trice, and beaches tho boat successfully. By this time somo of the residents have gathered on tho beach, and a consultation is held between them and the mate. Tho boat is then launched, and safely negotiating the Point is soon aloDgsido of us again. AVe learn that landing is practicable, but furthermore that beyond a roof of shelter we can hope for little else in the shores of the Inlet. Mr. Dow is not easily daunted, so it is decided that we must camp out if needs be. AVo aro to liave the service of the ship's cook and his mate, and only those who have proved their skill can estimate the boon vouchsafed to us. AVo reluc tantly bid adieu for tho present to our kindly captaiu and go off in detachments for tho shore, for it is deemed prudent not to overload the boat. Mr. Black stays behind. He has had enough of camping out during his busy lifo. The boat first hmds Mr. Groom nnd his party, and tlion the remainder of us are conveyed through the surf and safely deposited ou the Bhore. The landing is a novel 0110, for we are borne on the brawny baoks of the sailors through the shallow water. Bastion Point, we find, is a natural boat harbor, nnd unless in rough weather, is easy to negotiate. A walk of half a mile or so over the sand brings us to the waters of the Inlet, where two boats arc in waiting Before boarding, however, we havo: a stir rup cup with our gallant sailors. Glasses are all packed away, and in tin's dilemma our Ancitnt Mariner shows us a wrinkle. And one worth knowing it proved to be. " I'll wager .there's a ' rogue ' in one of these bottles. Turn it up and see. You won't find it, man, in an honest bottlo of English ale. Give me tho claret." ' He got the claret bottle, and there, sure enough, was the " rogue." And out of this novel glass was the stirrup cup drunk and success to each other pledged. Off we started -then under the guidanco of Mr. Devlihg, who 40 years ago settled at Mailacoota, and what is more has stayed there ever since. That is his house away on the green lull which runs upfrom Bastion Point. He is ttie fatherof the (.Inlot, and lie glories in it. He has lived there for 40 long years and is still a liaio and hearty bachelor. AVhiie wo are rowed along we have timo to look about us and are perfectly as tonished at the beauties of the place. AVe are in an inland sea unliko any other in the colony. A broad deep channel running at the foot of the green bill aforesaid opens out into a large lake strctohing away towards tho ranges, where Howe Hill in the blue distance stands sentinel — n perfect dome. The mountains winch mark the boundary of tlio two colonies loom in dark purple against a cloudless sky, overlooking domo after dome of lesser giants, which wax bluer and bluer ns they decrease in altitude and dis tance nud end in seeming gentle desoonts until the water is reached. Nature Beams. hero to be in a peaceful mood, for the lines of her hills are ns graceful curves. A glistening streak of golden sand forms tho southern boundary, beyond which we' oatch a glimpse of the sparkling ocean rippling in the glad sunshine. Straight in front of us nro several islands, gems in a setting of blue waters. Each has its tiny circle of yellow sand, inside of whicli a sward of emerald green marks the grass, and clumps of darker ti-troo form the eoutro piece. The water is as olear as crystal, and perfectly free from the weeds whioh disfigure most of the Gippslaud lakes. Fishes, too, innumerable ' are seen swimming about as tamo as if in some gentleman's pond. There is a touch of many places wo wot of in the Inlet, but a something more which makes it unique. I After a pull of a couplo . of miles - we landed at a small jetty built for. the Genoa Fish . Preserving Company, whose works aro erected on the sloping bank above us. Here we halt for about an hour ill order to arrange our plans nnd have lunoh. ; Then wo realise tho.truth of the jines AVhoro every prospect ploasos And only man is vile. For man has done much to make the pleasing prospcet vile here. In saying this, I don't want to cast any reflections on the genuine enterprise of Mr. Phillips, for he deserves every praise. He lias built a substantial structure for his factory and stored it with expensive machinery and 1ms established what must, if properly managed, turn out a' thriving industry. But the remains of dead fish strewn about tho bank and the untidy appearance of tho men's huts and tho lumber and rubbish' lying about ;mako the change from the surrounding beauty harsh and Blartling. Mr. Phillips courteously shows us through tho fao- tory and initiates us into all tho mysteries of fish canning, for this is tlio only way in which he preserves bin fish. The fish are hoilod in tins in chloride of calcium, whioh boils at a higher temperature than water. Then the tins are her metically sealed, after whioh they are ready for the. market. AVe tasted the contents and found them excellent, the ilcsli being firm, of capital flavor, and tho bones as edible as the flesh. Torch, hrcain, ludriclt, garfish, salmon trout, mullet, skipjack and many otlior fish, whose names I ean't just uow recall, nro utilised, all tinned separately, howover. Tho tins are inado on tho premisos; in foot; everything is. done there except labelling, which is carried out in Melbourne, tho- market to which Mr. Phillips onds his wares. Ho can preserve 2 tons per: day- , Ono fisherman supplies his wants, so ' plentiful are the finny tribe in the Inlet. But now comes tho surprise, and by this, readers, you may judge what an out of the way place Mallneoota Inlot is. The tins after being packed in cases are taken down to the beach in boats, car ried in bullock drays over the half mile of sand which separates the Inlet from tho ocean—- for there is practically no entrance — and thence put in boats and transhipped to a schooner whioh lies in tlio oiling. They are then taken to Eden in Twofold Bay, retranshipped to a steamer and carried to Sydney. AVlmt next think you ? AVhy they arc actually shipped to Tasmnuia and from there find their ivay to Melbourne their ultimatu destination. And aftor all this Mr. Phillips states ho realises a good profit. His principal troublo is his men. Ho can't get tho right sort. They are unreliable nnd very unsteady. AVhero ! they get the liquor is a myatei-y for wo ran j short before our trip ended and could not get a bottle of grog for love or money. Mr. Phillips had been attending to tlio business in Melbourne, but hud been compelled a short time previously to dispeuso with his manager 011 account of incompetency, licnce lie was 111 a dilemma. He feared trouble with his men, too, and had bespoke tho services of a constable who had come down all the way from Bendoc, over 90 miles away, to restore order. After our inspection we lunched nud settled our plans. Mr. Dow wished to thoronghty inspect tile country, and so it was determined to mnko for Mcu-imingo township 011 the Genoa River, 25 miles further up. Boating was tlio only practical method of locomotion for our largo partj, and tlio services of two crafts were secured with which we set out on our travels. Before going, however, we learned what we could about the entrance. Up to within 2 years ago small soliuonets could enter iiie inlet from tiiu ocean, but ono unfortunately got wrecked right in the fairway and effectually blocked tho channel. All efforts to raise her proved futile, she was quickly sanded up, and now from where we were tho only signs of the ill fated bark were two sheer logs standing upwright on the sanded waste with wliioh attempts had boon made to raise the wrecked craft. Not a vestige of tho vessel was to bo seen. The channel then silted up, nnd now tho waters of the ocean nnd the inlet ebb and flow through an entrance ouly a few inches deep. Just 011 tho point of embarking iu onr boats wo seo tho last of the Lady Loch. She .is steaming awny for Capo Evornrd, and wo ivateli her fade from our view till she " melted like a cloud in the silent summer heaven." 