Sravellev. :Ail Kinds of Ohosis , Monatora and Guardians Invented by Vorioua Raoos o! Msn. I havo boon ia almost overy ooantry in ibo world, and overywhero I ! bavs lonna people Who have seen and believe io ghosts. . In wosiern conniriss ghosts are generally harm; Iqqb, but in Asia and Africa thoy aro of a malignant and vicious type. The dread ox ghosts ia common to all aboriginal races of India and Chirm, and tbo only means oiri- ploycd to oppose thoir rancor and mischiev ous dispositions Is to bnild, Bhtines for thom and to mako them offerings. Any sevoro illness any epidomio disoaBo, as small-pox abolers, etoi, is aUrlbatod to tho malignanoy ' of oertain of tboeo spirits who mast bo pro pitiated accordingly. In India tho man tiger is perhaps, tbo . most dfoadod .of all these domon ghosts, for whon a tiger has killed a man the tiger is oonsidored safe from harm, as tbo spirit of tho man rides apon bis head and guides him oloar of danger. Ac- bordlngty il id believed that tbo only sure modo of destroying & tiger who has killed many people is to begin by making offoripgs ' to tbo Rpirito of his viotim, thereby depriving him of thoir valnablo services. In Oblna tbo ghosts moBt propitiatod . are of those who havo met & violont and . ontimely death, whether by design or by Occident. Even women who die in ohild-bed or wrbtohos wbo aro hanged for tbeir orimos aro believed to havo the same power o! causing evil: to tho uvlug bo vlldbu woo dots dsen kiuou v/ uuj other 'violent causes, including poison, disoaio, lightning, eto. ' All thess defiled spirits are often distinguished by somo term, denoting ths manner of their death. Thus the " tigor ghost" is ths ghost oi a man killed by a tiger ; tbo " snako ghost " tho ghoBt of a person who was killed by a soake. . In Afrioa the " waddy"nnd "lightning" ghosts ara the most oommon, bnt tho most dreaded spirit is the Sirosoo ghost, whioh is repoted by tho natives an implaaabla spirit. Most of tho deceased persona whoso spirits aro now worshipped wero tho unoeatora of aomo of tho aborigines.' Ths ceremonies observed in propitiating tho ghoata consist mainly of tho offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, as well as of flowers and frnits, of tho reoiiatfon and singing of oertain prayors and > oborma hsloro tho " different shrines. These charms or prayers are ad dressed to tbo defiled ghosts of tho dead for the pnrposs oi eompolling tbo spirits to detest from doing barm or to appearand receive tho ordoro of tho perforators. After two or three buooosiIto performances tho ghost ia under- stood to bo plooatod. 