The Penitent Robber, BY THE REV. JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. "And ho said unto Jesus, Lord, remember mo when Thou comest into Thy kingdom."-LUKE xxiii, 42. T like Luke's description of these two men better than any other. He does not call them thieves ; he calls them malefactors-that is, doers of evil, without specifying the exact form of crime to which they had committed themselves, and which had brought upon them the agonies of crucifixion. I am quito willing that one of thom should be called a thief : ho was small and moan of mind, and thero was nothing in his speech that did not become a very low and vulgar order of intel lectual and moral conception. But tho one who is usually spoken of as the penitent thief proved himself in this last distress to bo ono of the greatest men that ever lived in the world.. If you analyse his speech you will find that in phi losophy, in audacity of thought, in width and penetration of conception, NO GREATER SPEECH was over mado by human lips. I am, therefore, propared to defend this malefactor on the in tellectual side, and to redeem him from the de basement of his association with a man of a nut shell mind and of a foul tongue. This is one of the stories in the Bible that must be true, by tho mere force of its audacity. It never could have entorcd the mind of a ro mancist that such a man, under such circum stances, could have made such a spoech. All the disciples aro mean men, intellectually, compared with this dying malefactor. They never dis covered, up to the time of tho Crucifixion, intel lectual vigor enough to conceive a figure like this. They have painted women well, they have done justly by a thousand beautiful incidents in the life of their great sweet Lord, but no man like this have they ever dreamed into being. Ho was real-he did say these words. They stand out from all other words so grandly as to be their own best testimony and vindication. "What did this dying malefactor do to provo his intel lectual greatness ? He saw THE LORD IN THE VICTIM. What did all tho other minds round about him ? What vulgarity always does and must do -reviled, derided, scorned tho weak, defied the impotent, crushed tho worm. lt was like thom, worthy of them ; in so doing they did not debaso Christ ; they wrote themselves little mon. Is it a great thing for thee, poor coward, to revile a man both of whoso hands aro nailed, and whose feet aro pierced with iron, and whoso temples aro bloeding because of the cruel thorn ? Art thou very witty, mighty in mind, very chivalrous and nobly heroic to speak derisive words of any man in such cir cumstances ? But one man, a malefactor-not a thief-a revolutionist, a traitor, call him by these greater names if you like ; a man who plotted treason and wrought it out very nearly to success -a malefactor ; it was left to him to see in the pierced victim a lord, a majesty, a king ; to read aright the words that were written above His hoad, not in derisive tones and mocking accents, bui with all the sea-like wave and rhythm of music, and to give THAT SUPERSCRIPTION its proper exposition, not by adding a word to it, but simply by reading it in the proper tone. Observe how all other men looked upon Christ just then. All the disciples had forsaken Him, and fled away. The women were standing in helpless tears, dejected and speechless. All the people round about, big and little, were mocking and deriding the great sufferer. Ono of the malefactors was saying, " H Thou be the Christ, save Thyself and us." Little minds have all little scales of proof. If Jesus had como down from the cross and taken the two thieves with Him, that would have settled everything in tho mind of the malefactor, but it would have only settled it for the moment. He would have taken from that wider liberty to repeat his petty felonies. He must be a thief, that man, and he would have made his calling and election sure. But in the midst of all this abandonment on the one hand, derision, contempt, and scorn on the other, an unexpected and un likely voice says " Lord " to the dying Nazarene. It was I A GREAT THOUGHT, \ it.was an audacious utterance". Viewed in rela tion to the time and all the .convergent circumstances of the case, to have said " Lord " then was to have seen the sun amid the darkness of midnight, to . have penetrated the gloom of countless generations and ages, and to have seen all the stars in their keenest.glitter of light far away above the dense and lowering gloom. Dost thou see big things in the dark, my friend,: or art thou terrified by thine own. shadow ? What mind hast thou ? A forecasting and pro phetic mind, a seeing, mind, a prophetic brain ; or art thou dazed by lights that seem to have no relation and harmony, and. confounded by voices coming from a thousand different quarters at once ? Hast thou shaping power of mind, a grand power, all but creative, whlch-orders chaos into Cosmos, ?which makes the,, darkness reveal its jewellery of stars P Where art thou in this great re ligious thinking ? Learn, from a strange teacher that victim and Lord are compatible, terms. Learn that à man may transiently-be at the very depth of hia history, that he may come up from that with a completer strength and a fuller lustre to the height of his power. "He made Himself of no reputation; He took upon Him the form of a servant; He became obedient unto death." The action was upon H1B Bide, though His enemies took credit for having worsted Him, and brought Him to this disastrous and humiliating catastrophe. Dost thou only know a king when he ia upon a throne P Dost thou require a great label in red letters to be put around a man's neck to know just what he is ? Dost thou know no man can bo. a great man who lives in a little house ? Sayest thou in thy SMALL VULGARISED MIND, " The man who lives ¿mid all these bricks must be a huge man P" Dost thou never see a third class passenger in a first-class carriage ? What sort of mind hast thou P No wonder that thy power cripples, having no wingc, but hardly any feet, or lame on both feet, like Mephibosheth, for thou dost think too much of his tones and his exterior, of transient phenomena ; thou dost not penetrate to the reality and the essence of things, and see the God in flesh, tho Lord in the victim, the crown in the Cross. Oh, that the Lord God of Elijah and Elisha would open thine eyes, poor servant, to see within the thronging soldier-host a circle of angels, keen as lightning, terrible as fire, defensive as almightiness ! Thia malefactor, a man who could have played with thrones and nations, did more than see the Lord in the victim, and yet it was something exactly on the same line of thought. He saw LIFE BEYOND DEATH. Consider where he is : on the cross, bleeding, his life oozing out of him in rod drops ; his breath will presently be gone. IB he throttled, killed ? -is he a beast thrust through that will baptise the earth with rod water, and exhale and blend with the infinite azure? He is not conquered; he dies to live. "Lord," said he, "remember me when Thou comest into Thy king dom." « But you aro dying."-" No." "You are to be buried."-"No." "It is your last hour."-" No. I cannot die ; if this Man take mo in charge, death will be but a momentary shadow. I will come up into a larger life. This Man breathes otornity, and creates kingdoms, and sots tip empires, and gives away thrones. I cannot die if Ho take charge of me." Who ever made so grand a speech in circum stances so unlikoly to have suggested such an out come ? What is your speech ? A sad farewell something little better than a whine-tho whimper of a subdued nature-the tremulous breath of one whose strength is all gone ? Or dost thou languish into lifo ? Dost thou hear the angels singing " Sister spirit, como away ?" Dost thou say " O death, whero is thy sting ? O grave, where is thy victory ?" What is thy faith doing for theo? Be not shamed by a malefactor. Where ho saw possibilities of lifo, seest thou nothing but a dark destiny after death ? Let thy Christianity be better than his malefaction--let thy faith be a greater faith than his. Speak thou of life, of immortality, of kingdoms, of thrones. Be not thou one.whose breath is in his nostrils, and who is consumed before the moth. The dying malefactor spoke up for Christ. Into what STRANGE CIRCUMSTANCES we are often drawn-our friends gone «r dumb, our enemies deriding and mocking, and our de fence spoken by a strange tongue ! We are bettor known than we think, for all our help comes from unexpected quarters. The true man is not utterly deserted ; some one will arise from a corner unthought of to speak a kind word for him. The malefactor said, " This man hath done nothing amiss." It was a bold thing to say : the court had condemned Him, the High Priest had reviled Him, the sentiment of the times was against Him, the mob had hustled Him to Gol gotha ; and the malefactor undertook from that high court to reverse the decree, and to pro nounce the Son of God to be unworthy of such a death ! We have our chances of speaking for Christ; how do we use them? He is still upon the Cross WHO SPEAKS FOR HIM ? I have heard men speak for Christ whose way of doing it I have envied, and who were the very last men in the world, I thought, who could ever have spoken up for such a Lord. They have spoken with the pathos of gratitude ; thoy have spoken with the directness of a burning and earnest conviction. Were thoy ministers in the usual sense of the terni ? No, but they were ordained prophets of God. In this London have I heard men, outsido and in, speak, who were no ministers in pulpits, but grand ministers really-not ordained under roofs like this, but ordained by Christ in the mountains, far away from the city, and filled with light and life and love. The Lord will always have some one to speak for Him. What say you ? Will you enter His service to-night as expositors and defenders? Are you slow of speech ? .You need not be slow of action. We can be exemplars ;wbere we cannot be advocates : WE CAN LIVE A LIFE | where we cannot make a speech ; every man amongst us can do something to proclaim, not the .innocence only, but the infinite and incorruptible holiness of Jesus Christ. " This malefactor saw the kingdom beyond the Cross. Great man-piercing mind- audacions thinker. "Is there a man here of such spirit and temper P It is not in man ; it is a revelation of the Holy Ghost. God opens strange mouths to speak His truth. ' How can He be a King who is on'a Cross-how can He be rich who is poor how can He save me who' cannot Baye Himself P We are all nailed,by the same cruel hand to the same Cross-we are equal. The dying-male factor says, " Lord!'-one is Lord, one is King, one -will come again-oh, that .-He would remem ber me! Just - see then how our selfishness différa. The little thief said,;" Save me, fake me "down fromT tho Gross," -the big thief said, "Never mind the present; let it bea kingdom when it comes AN ULTERIOR SALVATION, an ulterior destiny." Selfishness indeed, but on a nobler scale. The small mind wanted an im diate benefit ; the great mind said, " Let us go through this tunnel into tho great kingdom, into the beautiful landscape. Whon wo shoot out of this darkness-Lord, remember mo !" Perhaps not selfish either. Ho might have been at the LaBt Supper ; he might have been a transmigra tion of the old self of the damned Judas-for did ' not Jesus then say "Remember Me" ? Whence came this malefactor ?-is this Judas redivivus ? is he come back again ? For he was king intel tellectually of all the others, the only man that could have plotted tho last catas trophe in the Christian history. Jesus said, before they parted, " Do this in remem brance of Me." He would be remembered here thedying malefactor would bo remembered there. Could Christ forget him-the last tongue that had a word to say for Him, that spoke with dying breath, with intolerable agony, his tongue drop ping blood whilst it dropped the syllables,-is Christ the man to forget a chilvalry like that P No, no ! He is not a mean Lord : that thief shall be in Paradise, if there is a Paradiso to enter. Jesus said tinto him, " This day-to-day, shalt thou be with Me in Paradise." WHAT ANSWERS He. gives-so broad, deep, full, majestic! We take our little river, and He gives us His great sea. Do you love this Christ ? When was Ho guilty of meaness, of littleness of thought, of poverty of action, of shalJownoss of sympathy P When was His answer below the occasion ? The intercourse is now lifted to a higher level, from these two crosses. The mocking men below are deriding Him, and dorision soon comos to an end. Nothing lives but love. Contempt kills its victims and its votaries, but love gives more life the moro it is encouraged. The more it ia expressed, the larger you become. Pray without ceasing you may-deride without ceasing you cannot. There are fires that scorch the tongue into prayer. Did not this dying malefactor say more in that interview with Christ than some of us have ever said in our lives P He defended Him, ho hailed Him Lord, he ascribed to Him a kingdom, he triumphed over death, he saw the Crown above the Cross. Christianity invites and encourages VIGOR OF INTELLECT. It will take in the meanest soul, so hospitable ia it. It will spread banquets for tho highest guests, until they bo satisfied with a rich and lasting content. Aro you standing outside be cause you aro so great a man you do not like to patronise Christ P Greater mon than you have clung to His feet and washed those feet with their tears. Greater men than you have called Him " Lord," and have said Oh. that with yonder sacrod throng Wo at His feet might fall, To join tho everlasting song, . And crown Him Lord of all. What say you? If- the thief or malefactor ; acknowledged Him, did He decline the acquaint ance? No. He is holy enough, to stoop,_God enough to be nothing before the bar of human . criticism, pure enough to guest in that big heart of fallen ones, and to wash them in the fountain of His love. There they went out together, Lord and thief, innocence and evil. " Like takes to like," says the derisive man. "The sun purifies all things/' says the Christian believer. ? V 