The Man in The Mask ; ./ OR, , . A Desperate Stratagem. TOLD BY AN EX DETECXXYE. . Daring four monthB "The Man in the Mask" was a colebrily in Winoliff and around the place for several miles. He was also a mystery. His existence could not be doubted even by those who had not seen him, because the stories told of his occasional appearances were so olear and circumstantial as to be ab solutely convincing. Those who had seen him remembered the meeting with pain. His interviews with the few persons he had chosen to favor with bis attention were usually short, sharp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all tbo money, the watoh, and any other articles of value whioh the person whom he confronted chanced to have in his possession, and tbe demand was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the faoe of the person whoso goods were required. The men who bad met " The Man In the Mask," and continued'their way much poorer in consequence, conld not deEcriba him. His faoe was completely oovered by a dark grey mask. They could only see he was a big fellow, with a hunch on his back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that his voice was deep and gruff. The people in Wincliff did not know any man who answered to that im perfect description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet to everybody and arband the place the daring "roblier i'waa a mystery. \ .: ' In no instanca^had the mysterious Man in i'iheMask found it. necessary .to infiiot bodily injury in order to secure tlig booty he sought. :^crt the fact that he was a robber who re .;?fo£&Jb0.; practices of the highwayman of old wa3 sufficiently disquieting. It might be some chivalrous sentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pocketa of men whose all waB but & little. He appeared only to those who were deputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest means. He was, there fore, very naturally set down in the minds of all iaw-respeoting persons as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty. The performance of tbe duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to tbe task of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in the Mask, One evening in February a gentleman named W elham was driving towards Win cliff. His vehicle was a light gig, in whioh he frequently travelled long distances, and disp'ayed all the good points of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby cf his }OQtb, wbiah did not appear to lose any of its strength though his age was in the fifties, was to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all seasons. Mr. Welham was driving towards Winoliff, intendng to patronise its well known hostelry, the Roebuck fnn, for the night, and to drive over the twenty-two miles of road that lay between WincllS and London on the follow ing morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The Bky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than five miles from the intended halting-place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at the inn, when an event occurred that gave a very different tone and cbaraoter to bis thoughts. Mr. Welham was approaching a point where a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man suddenly emerged from the lane and reined up bis horse in the centre of the road as if to bar bis progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider's faoe as he approached him. It would be more exact to say be looked inquir ingly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a face. " Stop!" was Bhouted in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly seen firmly grasped in his hand, the muzzle of which looked like a round, dull, black eye, Btaring menacingly into Mr. Welham's face. In ao instant the gentleman realised that be was in the presence of the redoubtable Man in the Mask. " Why should I stop ? Who are you to give suoh an order? 'exclaimed Mr. Welham, at the Bame. time, however, pulling up his horse as its head nearly touohed that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. . " Stop to save your life, if you think it worth saving. If your horse moveB a yard I'll stop him with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, if you like. Ton Bee, I hold your life in my hands; but I don't want your life if I can get your money without it. I am desperate, and I can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the next in stant you will be a dead man, and I will take what I want." It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest voioe that came from behind tbe maBk. The words were not spoken in a way that gave any hint of agitation or passion. The voice was probably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted that the hearer could not doabt the speaker meant to do all he said-even to murder- rather than permit his victim to evade or frustrate him. " What do you want ?" Mr. Welham said, recognising the necessity for coming to terms with his assailant. 11 Money, and everything I may turn into money. Quiokl Your purse, your watch, your jewels. Lay them in my hand-all. Drop the reins. If you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick! -and beware I" The Man in the Mask walked bis horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr. Welham co vered with the revolver until tbe muzzle of the weapon nearly touched bis ear. The gentleman instantly droided that he must submit to tbe robbery aB the least of two evils between which he was compelled to choose. The property demanded was plaaed in the robber's left hand. He transferred it to a pooket in the side of the long dark doak he wore, which completely covered him from tbe ears to the knee, " You have robbed me of everything," Mr. Welbam said, hopiDg the Man in the Mask would accept that intimation that his busi ness was completed and permit tha victim to pursue bis way, "Not yet. Yon have a book, or oase, that may be filled with valuable papers." '. Only s few letters and papers relating to business." "I want none of them. Sat bring out yonr book and open every scrap of the paper before me. Do nof try to cheat me, mind." "Cheat/' repeated Mr. W«lham, particu larly emphasising the word. He produced his pocket book, however, and prooeeded to open each pajer it con tained, so that the robber, in she light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover its character. From an inner pocket of the book the masked man direoted him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound noteB. It is hardly necessary to add that the robber immediately caused them to be placed in his hand. He directed Mr. Welbam to secure his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horEe and drive baok along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return; but if he attempted to follow the Mask, the consequences would be fatal. Half an hour after his unpleasant adven ture on the road, Mr. Welham arrived at the Soebuck, in Wincliff. His first care was for his horse, which was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journey. When he had seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught of brandy and water, and asked the nearest way to the polioe station. " The polioe station, sir! I hope none of the men about onr place have been unoivil? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any incivility pretty eharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one in the Roebuok," said a man, who appeared to be the actual manager of the establishment,and second in authority j to Mr. Hilyard only, who was the landlord of the inn. "No, no; I've nothing to say against any body at {he inn; but I have business at the station. Is Mr. Hilyard at home ?" " Yep, sir. He was here a few minutes ago. Shall I ring for him ?" " Do, please." The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made his appearanoe after a few seoonds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenance, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a deoidedly pleasing impres- I sion. - "I want a word with you, landlord," said ! Mr. Welham. " At yonr service, sir. Will you step in here?" said the obliging Boniface, opening a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that was used as an offioe, and was also the "governor's" private room downstairs. M r. Welham stepped in, andimmediately told Mr. Hilyard of his eneounfer with the Man In the Mask; The landlord was sorry and indignant at the same time, ^Tve tried all I can to find out the fellowj and I believe the detective ofEca in London i* looking after him, but it doesn't seem toJbe a bit of use, He conies and ho | goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few months, but nobody i seems able to guess where he comes from, i nor where he goes to. He'B a real puzzle | Bir." ' I ^ " Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine in money and goods just now.. I thought it best to tell you, because yon may put other gentlemen on tbeir gnard. I must give information at the police offi«, Where is it ?", "Only a few minutes'walk. I'll send a man to showyou." " Yes; I've lost too muoh time already." The landlord opened his door and spokfe to his manager. _ " Call Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seemB. This gentleman was robbed a few miles from here, and wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the station." Brown was soon in attendance. The rob bery was reported in the etation, the stolen property described, and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powers | for the capture of the Man in the Mask. It happened that the discovery cf the rob : ber, who committed his depredations in a | style so much like that of highwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the ! gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. t A couple of hours after Mr. Welham's return from the poliae station he was in the smoke-room of. the inn, when the manager ' approached him. "Mr. Hilyard wishes to apeak to you, if you can Bpare a minute," he said. ' | " I can spare ten minutes if Mr. Hilyard I has anything particular to say." "He will see you in his private room, if you please. He says the matter ia import ant." Mr. Welham went to the little room be fore deecribed, and was muoh struck by the | serious expression of the landlord's face, j " You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from the j station has been here. He tells me some money has been stolen, and that the sov ereigns have a peouliar mark. If any sov ereigns with that mark comes into my hands 1 I am to ask the person who offers it where he got it, so that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost ?" "Yes; there were Bix sovereigns in my purse, and a small w, with a fine line before and after it, were scratched under the head of each," Mr. Welham replied. " That is the mark the policeman de scribed. I see now it was your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I oan tell is that I gave a sovereign in ohange, with juBti auoh a mark, not more tban a quarter of an hour before I heard of it." " That is astonishing 1 Are yon sure the mark was exaotly like mine 1" " Yes. I cannot be quite positive about the lines, but I remember the w distinctly and I believe there was a little scratch before' and after the letter, just as if they were intended to shut it in, like." " Preoisely." " I noticed it when my man gave it to me. I had sent him out in the afternoon to col lect a few small accounts, and he didn't come baok until after yon arrived. Then he was drunk. He had got only one pound seven from one of my ouBtomerSj and when he paid it in I sent him off to bed. That marked sovereign was the one he paid me, and I looked at it closely at the time. I must get rid of him." " I must see him at onoe, sir. As your man gave you one sovereign bearing my mark he may have more. He may" be the masked robber himself, or he must know where he oan be found, I insist on the man's being questioned and searched 1" Mr. Welham exclaimed, excitedly. " It is only natural that you should, sir, and I am willing to aid you in every way. But, you see, it would be little less than ruin to me if a suspicion got out that a highway robber was one'of my servants, and slept in this house. "We must be able to prove it. Then I shall help you to punish him, and that will remove all suspioion from the house." " But while we are talking here the man may escape. For Heaven's sake drop words and borne to action!" Mr, Welbam ex claimed. ' " He was too far gone in liquor to make any attempt to escape before some time in the morning. I will send a line to the ata tion aBking for two men to bo eent here directly, or you may send the note. When [ the men are here, we will go to his room and v a';en him. Perhaps the sight of policemen will help as to get the real truth from him," said the landlord. " Very likely. But there is no time to be lost. Give me paper, and I w»ll write." The paper was laid on the table, and Mr. Welham wrote a few words requesting the presence of responsible officers at tbo Roe buck Inn. Another line intimated that a olue to the identity of the masked robber had been found. A few minutes later a sergeant in plain clothes and a constable in uniform were in the Boebuck. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant about the marked sovereign lie had received, and gave the name of tho man to whom he had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then the four went to the little back room over an ontbouse where the suspected man-of-all-work Blept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the sleeper. " Search first," suggested Mr. Welham, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been carelessly thrown on a chair. The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust his Sogers in the pooketB, finding only a sixpence and thiee pennies, whioh he at once returned. " There is nothing hero bat a pipe, tobacco, and dirt," whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he oould find in the coat. " There's money here, I think," said the sergeant in plain-olothes, speaking in sup pressed tones. He had carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon the bed, and had drawn from one of the pookets a little packet wrapped in a piece of newspaper. On opening this packet it was fonnd to contain five sovereigns. Mr. Welham and the plain clothes man looked at them closely, and the marks were plainly discernible nnder the head of eaob. The ooinB were refolded in the paper, and returned to the trousers pocket. Then the sergeant seized the sleeper by the Bhoulder and shook him roughly. He awoke and sprang up to a sitting posture in the bed, when the constable in uniform Btepped for ward ready to grapple with the man should he resort to violenoe. « why-I say-what's the matter! What do you all want ?" the man ejaoulated, as he became thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in confusion. " Your master wants to ask you a question. But be careful what you say. I must take notioe of every word," said the sergeant. " But what's it all about? I'll answer any question Mr. Hilyard wants to ask me. What is it 1" " I want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when ho paid ~EJs~sooboafl" r ~ "7, " Yon want to kaow tbst? I think yoa ought to know when I gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two two-shUlm' pieces, half a crown, aa' a ehillin'. He said I might keep the sixpence over for a glass, an' I did." _ " Did joa give ma the spvereign you got from Mr. Benson? You "wore out air the afternoon, yoa know, and yoa came here drunk." " No, sir-not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk. I'd had a few i drinks, I know, 'cause I'd been about a bit, ! bat I knew what I was doin'." " I ask-did yoa give me the sovereign yoa got from Mr. Benson?" " Do yoa mean to say I didn't? I'll swear I did." . " Had yoa any other sovereigns ?" (> No; I don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few' for yon." .. The sovereign you gave me was marked." " I didn't mark it." " But yoa have other sovereigns in yonr pocket with the same mark on. How or where did yoa get them ?" Sovereigns in my pocket7 How do yeu know what's in my pocket? You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr. Hilyard. If there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets none of 'em 'ud be yours." " I'm sure they're not mine; and there's reason to think they should not be yours. Sergeant Lynes searched and found them there." "Searched I Found them I" he exolaimed, his effrontery giving place to alarm. '' Yes; I must take yoa into custody on suspicion of having stolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and 1 have found part of the stolen property in yoar pooket. You must oomo with me." Protestations of innocenoe were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they could not alter facts, and they were unavailing. Jake Hiscongh was conveyed to the police station. The members of the local forae were jubilant at the thought that the long-dreaded Man in the Mask had been captured and incarcerated in Wincliff, the central point around whioh he had moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutes after Mr. Welham had re ported his loss to the police authorities in Winoliff, news of the robbery was wired to the headquarters of the deteotive depart ment in London. As soon as I appeared in the office next morning the oase was given into my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender to justice, and I started at once to commence my investigation of a case in whioh I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in Wincliff before the prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, and it was there I learned nearly all the particulars 1 have meniioned. In the firBt place, I was curious to see the man who had become a orimfnal celebrity. My first view of him was obtained through the grating in the door of the cell in which he was confined. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. But we know how deceptive and misleading appearance frequently are. The spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person of more than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Hiscongh, and he replied to me with the air of a man whom the discovery of his crime had ntterly confounded. I could not gain from him anything more than repeated assurance of his innocence. When I said the sovereigns in his pooket told a different tale, he merely said: "Iknow nothing about them sovereigns. The devil must have put them there. I never did. I hadn't even a shillin' the last time I remember feelin' for money, an' how five pound came to be in my pocket I don't bnowt I believe there's some dodge in the whole affair that I can't nnderstand. The gentleman that was robbed or Sergeant Lynes knows more about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of a mask, an* I wasn't ridin' about the road after dark neither. I oan tell every place I was in, an'I swear I never saw that money before j I saw it in the sergeant's hand, if swearin' will do me any good. "Swearing will not save yon from being committed for trial, or, at leaBt, remanded. I'd help yoa if I coald. If yoa can tell me where you were, and if others can prove you were not near the place when the gentleman was robbed, that will ehow that you can't have robbed him. A man can't be in too places at one time, even if be has a fast horse to ride." ! "I wasn't on the baek of a horse all yea. terday." * " Assertions without proof are no defence agsm tetrong evidence. The finding of the money in your pocket will require a lot of ex plaining." T a j can'* exPla>a nothing about that, i aon tfcnow how it come there, an* I don't know how long it was there; in fact, as I said before, I don't know anything about The prisoner named a few persons with whom he i a d ho had been about the lime at which the robbery was committed. I made notes of the names and places he mentioned, intending to test tho accuracy of his state ments by personal inquiry, Mr. Welham oould not sot efl on his drive to London so early as ha had intended tbat morning. He appeared in the court wh< n the prisoner was^ brought np on the charge of having oommitted robbery from the person on the Queen's highway. He asserted tbat the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's S° j u we*e Par' of the money of which he bad been deprived under threat of death; out, as the robber was masked, and as he ap peared to be humpbacked, he'could not say whether the prisoner was the man. Mr. Hilyard told his 8tory,whioh was clear and circumstantial. He had sent to the gentleman to whom he gave the sovereign in change, but bad not yet heard from him. The landlord's statement left little doubt as to the prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lynes de posed to finding the money. The prisoner, when questioned, said he was not near the scene ol the orime when the robbery was committed. He could prove that by calling witnesses, and he would 6wear he did not know anything about the money found in hiB pocket. After hearing all, the magis-"' trate agreed to remand the prisoner for three days, during which the mopt searching inquiry Bhould be made. ^°on as the prisoner was removed from the dock, I arranged with the police authori ties for an immediate and rigorous search of the room he had slept in at the Itoebuck Inn.* Without appearing to take a prominent part in the business, I accompanied the Eoarohera and superintended their proceedings. Mr. ?Hilyard afforded us facility to visit the places in which the prisoner was principally employed; but a very thorough search failed to discover any other particle of the stolen property, or any article of attire corre sponding to the description Mr. Welham bad given. While in the yard of the inn I asked the ostler whether Jake Hiscough had taken out Tf0 u, PrecediDR evening, and learned that he had not. Mr. Hilyard had ridden out for about an hour in the evening to oall a SGDtleman w^° ^vec* a few miles away, but he handed the horse to the ostler again about half an hour after dark. I then went in search of the persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke about the trial and the charge, and what I learned from Jake's friends corroborated what he had told me. co cajr others,'Jake . neve* left the Gray Goosa from rJjv;; j^if. past three till-nearly cis o'clooL Wo Wre plsyitf guoite till it dark, tux' then turned into tho purlor an' pJavCa dominom. all Jake went home. -. Ha wai a bit 'fresh' - hot no6 mors eo.than. I was. lies We called somewhere else on the waj-I dir'cay he wouldn't pass the Nelson without eallin? in lor a glass-but it was a long time alter dark when he left me. He's not a Mask "BOr<! t0 b8 takeD £°r the Man the Before night I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jake could not have com mitted the robbery. But how was the presence of the coins in his pocket to be accounted for ? And how did it happen that only the marked money Bbould be found in his possession, while thirty pounds in notes, a gold watch and chain, and peared rir3S8 had utterly disap. I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly. I put the different little items of knowledge together, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain clear idea out of all. Before I slept that night, I was fully certain of two things. One was tbat Jake Hiscough was not the robber, though some of the booty was found in his pocket; the other was that Jake had met tho real Man in the Mask, and I could find him. As early as possible nest morning, I waited on a magistrate, and sent word that I wanted a few words on important business. He gave me an interview at oncc. I told him my businest in Wincliff, and then laid before him the theory I had formed the night before. I cannot de scribe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I believe he thought as I did at last, I went from his house with a searoh warrant in mypooket. Then I went to the police office to complete arrangementa for the step I intended to take. The landlord of the Iioebnok Inn was partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two police Bergeants, and four men entered his hostelry on serious business His ruddy complexion faded to an ashy paleness when I told him I held a warrant empowering me to search his house for stolen goods. Recovering from the stun ning effect of the intelligence, he made a Btep toward me as if he would kill me, but two of the men following instructions pre viously given, stepped before him. "We have to do our duty, Mr. Hil yard, and I hope you'll not make it more unpleasant. We muBt search your rooms even if we have to overcome opposi tion. ** ««Caged I-oaaght!' Six men to one !'r he hissed, glaring at the men he re garded as enemies with an expression of face that was wholly suggestive of mar aer. "I'll go ap with you," he added, suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. ""No, sir. You would not assist as. I will | leave three men here to prevent you from following us," said the sergeant-after which announcement Mr. Hilyard sank, seemingly powerlesB, in a ohair. * Our progress was no longer impeded* i We went to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and in a small box on the dressing table found the gold watch, the diamond rings, and the noteB which Mr. Welham had lost. In another box, fastened with a padlock we found a tightly-folded parcel, whioh.'on being opened, was found to contain some of the properties used in the "make-up" of the Man in the Mask. There was the long, dark cloak, with a bundle of glass cloths sewn on the inside between the shoulders to simulate a hump when worn Within that was a dark hat of soft felt* to the inner edge of the rim of which and extending half around it, was firmly tacked a piece of stiff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two-thirds of its length from the bottom, It was dark drab in color, and that was the mask whioh had so long Bhield6d the robber from recog nition, Arrest of Mr. Hilyard immediately fol lowed these discoveries. At hie subsequent trial he confessed that he had placed the marked money in Jake Hiscough's pookefc while he slept. Soon as he returned aftei the robbery he had given one of the stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in change. Ha afterwards learned that tho gold was marked and feared it might be traced to him. To turn suspicion from himself he invented tha scheme we have described. But cunning and unaorupnlous wrong did not prevent the judge from condemning to penal servitude for ten years the ouqe mysterious "Mas IN THB 45 663 