EXTRAORDINARY CASE OF MIS- TAKEN IDENTITY. (fbom tiie new tore herald. ) A despatch from St. Paul, Minn., dated 25th October, says :—On Monday morning, about 10 o'clock, a young man, apparently about 24 years of age, while walking along the bearers of one of the unconstructed upper floors of the new Endicott-building, missed his footing and plunged headlong into the basement below. When picked ap he was dead, his skull being badly fractured. The unfortuuate man was a stratger to all around the building, and when the coroner came he ordered the body to be taken to the morgue, and it remained there all day unidentified. The evening paper?, however, stated that the man's name was Patrick Mahoney, from Minneapolis. One of these noticeB caught the eye of Michael Finn, who is a resident of this city, and a distant relative of the man Mahoney. The same evening, in company with Mrs. Tracy, a first cousiu of Maboney, he visited the morgue ani identified him. A telegram was sent to Postmaster M'Cabe at Hazel wood, with a request that ho inform the Mahoneys, who reside there, of the unfortunate occurrence. On Tuesday Mahoney's half brother, who lives at Rosemount, came here and also identified the dead man. Half a dozen friends and acquaintances of the dead man also called during the day and identified him. The remains were placed in a casket on Tuesday afternoon and got ready ior shipment. The same evening Mahoney's brother Tom, accompanied by a lot of friends who were well acquainted wiih the deceased, arrived in the city. When they entered, the half brother of Mahoney, recognising Tom Mahoney, burst into tears, and the two, sobbing and moaning, went back to where the remains lay. Here both threw themselves on the coflin and wept as if their hearts would break. The deceased was again identified by his own brothers. Orders were given to get the body ready to ship at 7.30 p.m. to Northfield, and at the appointed time the funeral party took their departure for home, On Tuesday, at midnight, Hazlewood was reached, and the body transferred to the Mahoneylhomestead. When Mrs. Mahoney looked upon the dead face of her young boy she swooned. All during Wednesday and Wednesday evening the body was waked, according to the Irish custom, and during this time hundreds of people who knew the young man well in life came to view the remains. Only a month or two before he bad left Hazel wood, and air his friends and neighbours had a distinct recollection of him. The funeral took place on Thursday morning from St. Patrick's Church, and 500 or more vehicles followed the corpse to the grave. Now comes the sensational part of this story. Tom Mahoney came to St. Paul to bring home whatever effects were left by his dead brother, going thence to Minneapolis, where he knew his brother had worked. Going to his boarding-house ho inquired if his brother had left any effects behind him. Imagine his consternation when he was told that his brother was alive and well, and that he could get ocular demonstration of the fact if he would wait until noon, when the young man supposed to be lying in the little cemetery at Hazslwood wonld return for dinner. Tom Mahoney could scarcely credit the information, aud when the noon hour came a young man entered the door of the boarding-house. He approached Tom Mahoney, who shrank back as if confronted by a ghost. The young man was Patrick Mahoney—not Patrick Mahoney robed in sombre shruud, but Patrick Mahoney in life. In a moment the two brothers were wrapped in each others arms, the one crying for joy, the other dumbfounded and unable to understand the cause of the scene. When Tom explained to his brother all that had taken place, how he (Patrick) had been killed in an accident at St. Paul, placed in a coffin, shipped home, and afterwards buried by his father's side, the young man hardly knew whether to laugh or cry. 