The Advertiser SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1890. PROFESSOR KOCH'S discovery of a cure for conomption bids fair to ecllpse Jennei'o preventive for Small pox and Pastur's for hydrophobia. The two latter are among the most dreaded of the Ilia that flesh it heir to, bnt the former has hitherto been regarded as one of the most destruc tive, became of Its wide range and lbs obstinate defiance of medical ekUL The statement that one- seventh of mankind are victims of phthisical disease bnt faintly suggests what a terrible scourge It is to Buffering humanity. With Its painful process every one of us is unhappily familiar. Who has not seen the beetle flush giving unnatural brilliancy to the complexion, the slow wasting of strength, the fitfnl alternations of hope and fear, the clinging to life even when the seal of death la risible to all observers, and the gradual sinking Into the grave which skill and affection were alike powerless to prevent ? If It betrne that an effectual antidote to the stealthy and remorseless enemy that has defied the faculty so long has actually been found, Its discoverer will deservedly rank among the greatest benefactors of the race. The earlier Intimations of Professor Koch's Bucoess were received with a measure of Incredulity. The vasfcness of the boon might excuse the Indulgence of doubt as to whether the news were not too good to be true. Onr tele grams plainly show that In Europe any such reserveb breaking down. In one of them we were Informed that a Kooh In stitute Is being founded In Berlin for the treatment of consumptive patients by the new method, similar to the Pasteur Institute of Paris. In another It wm stated that the Caw of Russia had promised a subsidy to this establishment, and written an autograph letter congratu lating Professor Koch on fab discovery. We were also told that a society has been formed to supply the poor with lymph free of cost. There was a farther annonnoe meet that Dr. Koch repudiated any Intention of n^lng personal profit out of Us Investigations, and that he Intends to disclose aU the details of his methods. A. more recent telegram announces that tfce German Emperor has presented him with a earn of two million marks, •rd that It b probable he will be further rewarded with a title. To crown the whole, It b Bald that he Is sanguine of Ida ability to care all in f ectloua diseases, includlngcaoiera, typhus, and diphtheria. Such a wholesale bulletin as this la calculated to eerioa?lydlseoarage students of medicine, and may spread consternation among the medical faculty. It forebodes nothing less than depriving them of the greater part of their cconpa tloD, and heralds a complete revolution In the treatment of the direst diseases we know. Yet the advancement of modern science Is each that he most be either a very bold or a very Ignorant man who pronoonoea anything impossible. Dr Koch's method, so far as we under stand It, closely corresponds to that adopted for the prevention of smallpox by Dr. Jenner so many years ago, and which has proved of snob, world-wide efficacy, Tbero is of coarse a very vide difference. Tbe older man, groping In the dark, and with little eke to guide him than external signs, stumbled, as It were, on the princi ple of vaccination. He did not, and could not cojnprehend, the agency of a specific jnfinifflai t, i«l| ly rt|lp~ta>r?gttnl?wi < ?nrl precisely how It might be met and over come. The modem bacteriologist carries with him an electric lamp, which iUnmi nates his path and at the same time micro scopy Indefinitely Increases his visual power. Thus doubly equipped he Is able to trace symptoms to their source and to definitely ascertain both cause and effect, with their relation to each other. Sight years have elapsed since It was first shown by Eoch that consumption Is due to a minute vegetable organism—the bacillus tuberculosis, but the knowledge of this fact did not carry with It any immediate relief. Indeed, the more this organism was studied the more unmanageable It j seemed to be. Its tenacity of life was found to be wonderful. Specimens were retained In test tabes for nine years without losing their vitality. The bacillus was found to be Identical in man and the lower animals, and to be communicable from one to the other, and It was ascer tained that the ordinary process of cook iDg cannot be relied upon to destroy (t. Its power of self-multlpllcatlon is bewildering, for It has been cal ciliated that a patient Buffering from phthisis may eject twenty millions of bacilli in s single day, yet this number must be only a fraction of the myriads he | retains. Even the old Idea that consump tion, though hereditary, was not con tagions bad to be given np. It was defi nitely proved that the li*~fl g«**fl^"fj*! that wiped the month of a patient might con vey tuberculosis where there was a sus ceptibility to the disease. Had the in vestigation ended there It would have only added a new terror to life. With bacilli; swarming In the air, crowding the water to the number of a million In a cubic Inch, and perhaps frolicking In every joint of meat that had not been subjected to the | heat of boiling water right through for a | solid half-hoar, people not so strong as to i be proof against them could neither eat, ! drink, nor breathe with any degree of comfort. The temptation would be to give up the struggle by giving np the ghost. Happily we are not reduced to this ex tremity at present except as a last resort. It was easy enough both to cultivate and to kill the bacilli, but the problem was how to destroy them without .destroying ths patient also. The eolation of this question Is a triumph of patient and un wearied labor. We have yet to learn the ; : nature of the deadly bacHltdde, but ap parently It Is a potent agent, for Its action, which was successfully tried on the lower animals before experiments were i made with human beings, has encouraged the belief t_at It will conquer the cholera and typhoid microbes also, or at any rate Its operations have shown how they may be dealt with. The entire subject of germicide Is a fascinating study, and the fruit of recent investigations in that field Is very rich. The possibility Is presented of the specific cause of every human aliment being clearly known and its special anti dote applied. The researches of Sir Joseph Lister, Professor Bay Lankester, and others, are classed among the fairy tales of science. As one writer remarks," hi these revelations we have the realisation In material shape of the most fantastic dreams of our myth evolving ancestors." The difference Is that Instead of being surrounded by the diminutive genii that figure In those old-world stories we are. said to be pervaded by them. Their home is in our veins, and every inch of our bodies Is unceasingly patrolled by them to guard us against our numerous foes. The designation they have received of phagocytes, however appropriate as a scientific designation, has no ethereal sug gestion about it, and so far does them less than justice. They have long been known as the white corpuscles of the blood, but it is a new discovery that they are individual organisms ever on the watch to guard us from harm by simply devouring what would be Injurious. The suggestion is that now their particular functions and are ascertained It may be possible to. make better use of them. We knew before the microscope was invented that purity of blood meant health, impurity Illness, and blood-poisoning death. The more perfect knowledge will be valuable if it helps as to educate the phagocytes, train them to attack specially offensive bacilli, strengthen them when enfeebled, and reinforce them when they are liable to be overpowered by numbers. Can science do this for us? If co It may re duce the causes [of mortality to two — accident and old age. We are requested to call speoial attention to an advertisement announcing the postpone ment of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Bay's garden party at Linden from Monday, November 17, until Monday, November 24. in consequence of Sir William ltabinaon being unexpectedly detained in Melbourne. liady Robinson, the wife of Sir Win. Eobiu eon, Governor ot West Australia) arrived in Adelaideon Friday morning by the express train from the eastern colonies. Her ladyship will be the guett first ot li?dy Downer and after wards of Mrs. H?y daring her stay here. By Friday morning* train Sir John Bray, Sir John Downer. Bir K. T. Smith, the Bow. W, Copley. J- Darling, J. Boiworth, H. E. Bright, D. Murray, and J. H. Howe. Messrs. G. Ash, T. H. Brooker. R. Oaldwell, J. W. Oaitine. 3. Code, L. Cohen. W. Gilbert, B. Gonld, T. Haok, J. Hague. J. Haneock, J. G. Jenkins, G. H. liake, B. litmihed, A. McDonald. J. Miller. I*. O'Liughlin, J. U Fanons. and V. t. Solomon left Aielaide for the pnipote of visiting Angaitonaad the neigh borhood in view of a Bill for a railway to Amtaston being tabled early. At Feeding two drags were waiting to convey the viutors, who were driven to Seppeltafield, where they inspected the wine cellars, distillery, and establishment, and had lanoh. Taey Men proceeded to Anga?ton. visiting Kariootpa en roote. The drive was unpleasant owing- to the rain, but the weather cleared later in the d?y, and after a second lonoheon at Angwton tbe party visited Mr. Smith's oeUan and the fruits preserving factory. Then with a proces sion of about 30 vehicles they went to tbe j marble quarry and afterwards were driven round the district. All the members were delighted with the appearance of the country at the gardens, vineyards, and orchards looked eplendid. In tbe evening the banquet held at the institute was largely attended and wai a thorough success. Many members who had cot previously been to Angaston were aetonbhed at its richness and evident pros perity. The Premier has received a telegram from the Premier of Victoria (the Hon. Jas. Munro) regarding the National Australasian Conven tion on Federation. Mr. Playford had pre viously written to Mr. Munro on the subject; but this wire, though not an answer to that communication, deals to a certain extent with, the questions raised. Tbe message is as fcllowe:—" I shall be glad it yon will favor ma by telegraph with your views as to time and place of meeting of the Australasian Conven tion on Federation. I have received a letter from Sir Henry Parkes, in which he propMes January as the time, but makes no suggestion as to place.-Jas. Muhbo, Premier." A copy of this is being sent to each of the non- Ministerial delegates bom this colony—the Hons. K. C. Baker, J, H. Gordon, C. C. Kingston, and J. A. Oockburn, and Sir J. W. Downer—to ascertain his news on the question Before tbe Premier replies. Msjor General Downes, the Military Com mandant, left by the express on Friday after noon to represent the colony at the conference of military oommandeH on Australian defences to be initiated in Melbourne on Monday< The members of the nluxray Water* Com mission will leave Adelaide on Monday next for the purpose of inspecting the river between Goolwaandtbemouthnhileitisina?tate of flood. The commission, of which the Hon. A. Oatt, M.P., ia chairman, wffl be attampanied by the Bngineer-in-Chief {Mr. A, B. Mon erieff), and the Surveyor General (Mr. G. W. Goyder), who ii a member ol the commission, j and who has reported several times with regard to the improvements to the month of the river. The party will leave by the first train in the morning, and will return by a special train. The members of the Comisb Association with their families and friends passed a pleasant evening together in the Y.JLO.&. Hall, Qawler place, on Friday evening, tbe occasion being a social entertainment pro moted with the view of advancing the spirit of f ellowthip in this distant land among those who can claim connection with the famous western most county of England by birth or, blood-tie. This form of reunion is designed especially to give the ladies the opportunity of joining in the social work of tha association, the fairer eez being debarred from attending the annual banquet. Tea was begun at 7 o'clock, and the tables presented a very inviting appearance, loaded as they were with all meaner of good things, provided by Mesdames J. P a Bouoaut, W. B. RounseveU, J. L. Bonython, J. L Parsons, J. Bounsevell, S. Harvey, B. Martin, G. H. Cargoes. J. Provis, F. W. Thomas, and W. D, Thomas. The hall was hung with gaily-colored flags, and the emblem of the association, bearing the Cornish arms and motto, was conspicuously displayed on the wall at the back of tbe platform. Flowers and pot plants were also ta?tetully distributed about the room. After tea the tables were removed and an entertainment, comprising songs and recitations, wai given by various members and friends of the association. His Honor Mr. Justice Boueant (president of the association) occupied the chair, and several well-known gentlemen—including the Hon. W. B. Bounsevelli M.P., Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. J. L. Bonython (vioe ireaidents), the Beys. G. E. Bowe, J. Beed Glaceou, W. F. James, 8. Wellington, Messrs. B, Martin, N. W. Trudgen, and John Bounse vell—were also seated on the platform. A well arranged programme was presented, the most taking selections rendered naturally being those which smacked of the county which all present held so dear. Miss Bichards won loud applause for her pianoforte performance, and the Bey, G. E. Bowe's humorous recitation, "A Cornish ghost story," immensely tickled the audience, Mr. 8. T. xlady was similarly j anoeeEsful in the same line. Mr. W. Thomas told Effectively the story of "The hero of Isandula," Lieutenant Neville, who, by-the bye, was a St. Ives man ;Ht, G. E. H?vey sang "Simon the cellarer" with good effeot, and Mrs. Hammond, Miss Matthews, and \- Miss Trevaskis also contributed welcome vocal numbers, Mrs. Bray and Miss Richards proved most efficient accompanists. The sleo included the song and chorus "Tee lawney," which tells the tale of Cornish defiance in tbe face of the despotism of King James, the memory of which will never be allowed to fade where Cornish folk are. In this number Mr. W. Thomas was the soloist. Time would not allow of encores, otherwise most of the selections would have had to be repeated. Upon Mr. E. Wedlook,' the secretary to the association, and the Eiv, G. E. Biwe fell the burden of the preparations for this social and pleasant gathering, and those two gentlemen deserve the lion's share of tbe credit for the sacoess which crowned their efforts. Both the tea and the entertainment afterwards were well attended, the ladies- especially mustering in great force. That the C.rnUb Association in this city is a live institution is shswn by the fact that although only started in February last there Bre now over 400 names on tbe members' roll, and the cry is "Sail they come," In accordance with the arrangements entered into between tbe employers and the Working Men's Association the members returned to work at Port Adelaide on Friday morning. A large number were taken on, the majority being engaged by vessels where tbe crews had hitherto .been working. The dock wore; an j especially animated appearanoe. Near the Robimon-bridge was Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co.'a steamer Nemesis, from West Aus tralia, still discharging with non-unionists from tbe bureau. Above her was the Oaldbeok, baique, from Liverpool, working with her own crew. Across Fisher-bridge in theKewdookat the Barungashore labor replaced the crew, while the Oronsay was unloading timber by shore labor. The timber from the Helios was still being bandied by her crew, the Beltana em ployed shore hands, the Gollingrove loaded with non- unionists, and the Sootbsh Wizard discharged with shore men. The Spirit of the- Dawn in the basin also found work for union ists, while the Cynisoa was working with union and non-union hands combined. Saveral lighters in the dock were being worked by the old lightermen. Employment was found for a large number of drays to cart away the merchandise. Outside the dock a large amount of business was also trans acted. At the No. 1 qusy the Hunting don, steamer, loaded wool for London with a mixed gang of men. The Okeia was discharged by the lumpers, but the Urania' coke was still being taken out by her own crew. At the North-parade wbarf tbe barque Aeaoia, from Brisbane, and the Jean Pierre, from New castle, were discharging by nnion labor, while at the Copper Goicpa&y;'a wharf the steamer Hu?buok and tbe barquelLeucadia,Uoading' for London, were also wotked by unionists. The police sad mounted troopers who have been stationed at Port Adelaide for the last sevenl weeks are now being drafted back t j Adelaide and the various oonntry dirtrioti from which they came. "On Thursday SO foot constables and the same number of troopers left the Port, while the other members of the force in excess of the usual complement main tained will be gradually removed. On Friday morning a deputation from the Marine Officers' Association waited upon the steamship owners at Messrs. Hurold Bros. offices in Adelaide. There were present the chairman (Mr. A. L. Harrold), Mr. Dwling. Mr, TurnbuU, and others, who asked, the officers to furnish a written statement of their wishes. The delegates desired to make a verbal statement, and afterwards to discuss the situation, bnt this was not allowed. A slight difierenoe ooearred at the steamer Huntingdon on Friday morning between the unionist Md Don unionist laborers. According; to the non unionists they had cotnpletad two batches, leaving one to do. Mr. Book, of the Australian Stevedoring Company, IM oondacting operations. Toe non-naionuU went home to breakfast, bat when they te tamed tbey foand that a number of unionist* had been taken on. The overseer left is charge by Mr. Book after starting the mm subsequently informed 14 ont of 20 of the non unionists that they were not required, and they returned to the Labor Bureau feeling dis satisfied frith the treatment received. Toe labor bureau at Fort Adelaide atiO remaina rpen, bat there is eotne uncertainty m to iU futnre. It m initiated to meet ths requirements of the non unionists, who, aoming free all parts of the oonntry, required food and shelter: at while the ttrike wai atfer^r eat the men would h?va foand a diffisatty in 'getting accommodation at the Fort. Oa Thursday evening there *ere in the bureau nearly 100 men, about 60 of whom wan from Melbourne. They were amusing theot idTei in various ways. In one corner wat a piano, at which was seated one of the non-unionists, who proved himself to be by no means an nntkOled player. Songs were also indnlged in, but the vocal tdent was far from being of so high an order as the instrumental. Bagatelle and cards were favored, while read ing, writing, and smoking were indulged it. Some of the inmates have proved themselves ta be proficient worker*, some are oulj medium, while a sprinkling are not capable of heavy manual tacks. The first find plenty of engage ments, the second are pretty folly employed.bat the third olaes simply do cleaning and sweeping. Mr. Kottage has proved himself an excellent manager. Captain Bruuden, who had been communicated with concerning the Hunting don episode, came from Art«i«iflf god saw the men and promised that they would have no future occasion to oompiain of similar treat ment. A storm, whioh though not of long duration, did considerable damage, passed over Adelaide on Thursday night, and seems to have ex tended pretty generally along ths ooast There were indications during the day that bad weather wai brewing-, and towards night began to blow up from the south until about 10 o'clock, when the gale burst over the city in all its fury, being acoompanied by lighting «nd thunder and sharp aq?Us of rain and hail. There were occasional lolls, bat *t ■bout 3 o'clock on Friday morning it rescued its climax and blew a perfeot hurricane. No damage of a serious nature seems to have been done in Adelaide, though Borne of the trees in the parka have suffered. At Glenelg and the Semaphore an enormous amount of damage was done, and at the former place, whioh during the last week or so hai began to present its summer aspect, owing to ths reappearance of the yachts, then is not a boat left above water. On Friday afternoon Mr. T. K. Eater, S.W, held an enquiry at the offices of the State Children's Department into a charge preferred by Inspector Woodcock against tome Warbar t<m,aged 9 year?, of having set fire to certain hay and straw situated in a shed upon tDB Old Exhibition Grounds, on Wednesday, November 13." Inspector Woodcock prosecuted, and Mb Bsgot watched the proceedings on behalf of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society. Constable MoEvoy, caretaker at the Old Et hibition Bu3dines, saw a portion of the pre mises on fire on Wednesday about 13.30 noon. The damage done amounted to £35. Sixstalls in the northern sheds and 14 tons of bay, the property of the Polioe Department, ware con sumed. William Proude, aged 9 years, was on the Old Exhibition Grounds on Wednesday morning, with Warburton and two other boys, They lit a fire—that is to say, Louie War burton lit it—with a match. He set a light ti some hay which he got from out of ashed. He started two fires. The first went out, and he lit a second, after which witness ran away. An armful of nay had been brought out of the shed where it was stored, an! ignited a few feet away. Constable MoEvoy, recalled, said that an east wind was blowing! and this apparently carried the flames down into half a dozen stalls, all of which, hid open fronts. Otto Hoenger, aged 9 yen*. who was also present, said that a fire had b->en started and the wind blew the fl«ne« into the shed where the main quantity of hay wai stored. Ernest Warburton, (brother of fume Warburton, put the fire ont once, but the Utk* lit the hay again. "We then ran away, foe we were frightened of being locked up." Mr. Pater—"l think that if some active constable bad administered heartyfoorrection with a rod it would have been productive of qaite a much, if not more, good than the laying of this information." Ernest Warburton and Thaana Proude gave corroborative testimony. Mr. Pater—Owing to the way this charge is laid t have no option but to commit the boy. Bail was admitted in the nun of £50. On Friday afternoon a serious aootdent befell Mr. A. J. Baker, a well known and highly esteemed resident of Norwood. He was riling along the Parade to bis borne in Osmond terrace when his hone became rertive and he was thrown. Mr. Baker cams to the ground head first, and with anon force as to fracture his skull and tocauseiajnry to the shoulder joint. He was carried to bis house where Dr. Wigg was speedily in atten dance. Mr, Baker, who was once Bnperin ten. dent of fire brigades in Adelaide, is well ad vanced in seats, and this fast lenders hit on« dition all the more critical. The half-yearly report of the Bank of Au*> tralaeia presented at the meeting held in London on October 3 shows that as ai April 14 latt, with the profit account tor the half-year ended on that date, after providing for rebate on bills current, for income tax, for colonial taxes on note circulation, and for all bid arid doubtful debts, the. net profit for the half year amounted to £112,440 4s Id. The addition of £14,6018 a. 3d, brought forward from the pre vious half-year gives a disposable balance of £127,042 12s. 3d., of whioh the dividend and bonus declared will absorb £112.000, leaving £15,042 12s. 3d. to be carried forward tithe next account. The directors have made thiir usual examination of the colonial accounts, and are happy to state that while the ."business of the bank has been fully maintained in volume its transactions have been conducted with pru dence and discrimination. Speaking generally, however, the season may be regarded as favorable for the pastoral and agricultural interests. In New Zealand especially there is more evidence of prosperity than bas been seen in that colony for several years. Money has been generally abundant in the colonies during the period to which the report refers, and loanable capital has so much increased in excess of the demand for its employment that the banks have recently found it necessary to reduce the rate of interest on colonial deposits. The dividend declared is at the rate of 12J per cent, par annum, with a bonus of 6s. per share, or in all £2 Us. per share for the half year, being at the rate of 14 per cent, per annum, and it will be payable free of income tax in London and in the colonies on the 3rd inst. The thirtieth half-yearly report of the Com mercial Wharf Company, Limited, to be sub mitted at the meeting of shareholders to be held next Wednesday week, states ;—That tha wbarf ib occupied by the Adelaide Steamship Company, Limited, under their le?se, and that the balance at the credit of profit and loss account is £3,384 Is. Bd. a from whioh is resom -mended the payment of a dividend of 4?« par share. A well-assorted parcel of 2SO booki hiva been added to the library at the Port AleUtda Institute, and are now available to snbicribsrs. The total number of volumes exceeds 7,600. The fortunate spectators of the next inspsa tion of the Adelaide Lanoers will be dazzled by the appearance of the mounted defenders of our hearths and home* in brand new uniforms. It i* stated that the order is being eta cnted with the customary dispatob which characterises the performance of military con- . tracts, It has been suggested, although the authorities are silent on the point, that the Militia Band on this occasion should appro, priately signalise the event by playing " When I first put this uniform on." Owing to stress of weather preventing the si. Victorian going on the slip on Thursday her departure for Melbourne is postponed until a quarter past 11 to-night, Passengers Mould be on board by 11 o'clock. Tn the list of successful candidates at tha annual musical examinations at the Alelaide University, published in Friday* utne. the same Ad* Mary Bowan in the senior division tbonld have bent Ada Mary Bowman. We have had the opportunity of impacting • varied collection of o*ne goods at the estab lishment ot Menrs. McLean Bros., Big?, and. Co. i many ol whioh are thoroughly snitanle Cor the me of those who enjoy a Rood lonoge in the hot weather. Owing to the damage done to the yachts at CHenelg by lust nfcht's gala the opening evolutions v connection with the Hold! ut Bay Tfacht Olub, wbieh were to fa* ye taken pUoe to day, are postponed, but the aooial in the «venirg will be held m previously arranged. The Xotth Adelaide Working Men's Soaial and Patriotic Association held the nsuil meet ing on Tcetday cvaning in the Temperance Ball. T*o members were elected and one sxopescd. Arrangements were made for hold ing a moonlight picnic and a musical entertain ment. A long and animated debate took (dace for ever an hour over the following motion, which was strongly opposed by come of the members—"That it would be *gainit the present and (stare welfare of thia cotocy for tbe Government to give the power to any cemptny or tyndicate to eonatraet any line «f railway on the land grant system." Toa motion was carried. There was a small atten <Unce. The Commercial Travellers' Association pro spote to bave a drive in the bills this afternoon. Tbe Adelaides play the South Adelaides and tbe Hiodmateh the North Adelaides on the Adelaide Oral to day. A meeting of ratepayers to consider corpora tion matters will be held in St. Peters Town Hall on Monday evening. Menn. Elder, Smith, & 00\. are informed that the P. &O.; steamer Borne left Colombo ootwatdsin the evening of November 1L A field trial of harvesting machinery io eon suction with the Royal Ajrricnltoral Bosiety will be htld at Silitbaty this afternoon. Visitors from Adelaide will leave by the 12.15 (LB). train. On Sunday afternoon ?t 4 SO, and Monday evening at 8, Mr. O. F. Beeva will oondnet Bible readings for yonng men at the Y.M.O.A On Sunday evening at 8 there will be a gospel tavg service at the Theatre Koyal, at wbieb all are invited to attend. 