THE LATE CARDINAL NEWMAN. There remains the name of one other who was of us, but who 45 years ago went out from us — Cardinal Newman, the last survivor of the triumvirate of remarkable men who originated the*Traetarian. movement. To the early success of that move ment Dr. Puaey supplied the prestige, Keble the poetry, and Newman the specious argument and the personal influence. The first tract came out in 1833, the last in 1841. This last tract is historical, and known as tract 90 ; its title was ' Remarks on Certain Passages in the 39 Articles ;' it put a violent and non-natural sense on the articles ; in tact, it ex plained them away, so as to make them appear consistent with Romish doctrine. Newman was the author of the tract, and four years after its publication he bore the strongest testimony to the hopelessness of the attempt by seceding from the Church of England and joining the Church of Rome. As an honest man and a clear thinker he could not do otherwise. While on the one hand many followed him in his secession, on the other hand it opened the eyes of many to the Romeward tendency of the movement. If any man could have shown that the articles are fairly capable of a Romish interpreta tion, Newman was the man. But he deliberately abandoned his own theory, and showed by his secession how impossible it is to reconcile the teaching of the Church of England with that of the Church of Rome. There are some who would minimise the differences between the two churches and repre sent them as slight. But let me quote the words of the committee of bishops appointed at the Lambeth Conference of 1888 to consider the question of Home Reunion : — The com mittee with deep regret felt that, under present circumstances, it was useless to consider the question of reunion with our brethren of the Roman Church, being painfully aware that any proposal for reunion would be entertained by the authori ties of that church only on condition of a complete submission on our part to those claims of absolute authority and the acceptance of those other errors, both in doctrine and in dis cipline, against which, in faithfulness to God's Holy Word and to the true principles of His Church, we have been for -* three centuries bound to protest.' Before leaving this sub . ject, let me refer with pleasure to a valuable pamphlet, just published, by the Bishop of Bathurst. It consists of letters on the continuity of the Church of England, originally con tributed to the Sydney Morning Herald, and written in reply to Cardinal Moran. THE DIVORCE LAW. I have to thank my brethren the clergy for the readiness with which they supported the action which I felt it my duty to take in connection with the-new divorce law. It must ever be a painful duty for the Church to refuse her concurrence with the law of the land ; especially must such a course be painful to one who, like myself, has been during nearly the whole of his ministry in closest union with our church at home, which is established. But the higher law supersedes the lower; 'we ought to obey God rather than men.' To my mind Our Lord Jesus Christ never spoke more clearly and distinctly than he does upon this subject ; and for Christian ? men His word is law, and must be obeyed, what ever consequences may ensue. THE EXISTING LABOUR TROUBLES. The general outlook on the state of the world at the pres ent time, cannot, I think, be regarded without much anxiety. The weird prophecy of De Tocqueville is being fulfilled before our eyes — 'If the great questions of the beginning of this centuiy were mainly political, those which will convulse the world at its close will be social.' If the social war which now rages in Australia were confined to these colonies there would be less ground for apprehension, but ifc is being carried on in the United Kingdom and in the United States of America with more or less of intensity. Amongst ourselves how rapidly it has grown ! It seems but yesterday since there I arose a little cloud cut of the sea, like a man's hand (the dis missal of the firemen in the Corinna), and lo ! the heaven is black with clouds. The present relations between employers and employed seem to me to point to a dissolution, or to a reconstruction, sooner or later, of the existing social -fabric. The very meaning of terms employed in the discussion of the labour question has undergone an ominous change. Take the expression 'free labour.' Lord Brassey's book on War and Wages, published about eighteen years ago, begins with the following sentonce : — 'The recognition of the rights of free labour came late in the histoiy of the world. Neither the Greeks nor the Romans recognised the liberty of labour.' Now, on a further examination of the chapter in which these words occur, you find that by free labour the author means ' the right of combination for the purpose of obtaining better terms for labour.' On the other hand, in a leading article in The Argus of Thursday last we read thus : — ?' It is felt amongst the employers that nothing practical can be done until the union leaders have returned an answer to the essen tial and all-important question as to whether they will recog nise free labour,' In fact, whereas a few years ago free labour signifies the right to combine, now it signifies the right not to combine. Trades Unions having gainod toleration and encourage ment and very properly so, now assume an aggressive attitude to those labourers who decline to join them, threatening them with injury to their employment if they persist in standing aloof. This is tyranny, as it appeals to me. (Hear, hear.) Employers are free to choose non-union labourers ; and labourers are free to join a union or not, as they please. All men are justified in lifting up their voices against tyranny, whether the tyranny be that of Nero or of a trades union. At the same time, it must not be forgotten that that which lies at the root of these troubles is the selfishness (f the human heart, and selfishness is not confined to any one class of society. The success of trades unions must, in the long run, be dependent on the prosperity of their employers ; and yet the language used by the unions too often implies that the interests of the two are not only not identical, but opposed to each other. The representative of one powerful union, said, speaking of the masters, '''They want the greatest profit, we the highest wages.' CHRISTIANITY AND PRIVATE PROPERTY. On the other hand, when we look on back on the past history of the relations between capital and labour, we can scarcely fail to trace present troubles, in great measure, to the worship of private property on the. part of the moneyed classes. That private property is, in a sense, lawful cannot be denied ; otherwise there could be no place for the eighth commandment. But when men make private property their graven image ; when they fall down unto it, and worship it, and pray unto it, and say, Deliver me, for Thou art my god ; when they use it chiefly for self-gratification and self aggrandisement, show no sympathy with others — such conduct as this fills the hearts of the masses with discontent, envy and malice. It is altogether contrary to the spirit and genius of Christianity. Jesus Christ, its founder, had no private pro perty, and His fishermen willingly surrendered what little they had for His sake. The whole current of His teaching runs counter to the doctrine that everyone has the right to do what he likes with his own. We know what the immediate effect of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost was upon the holders of private property. But let no one assert that because that particular effect was temporary it was therefore a failure. 1 1 was not a failure ; it asserted in a conspicuous manner the attitude of Christianity towards property, and the lesson has never been wholly forgotten by the church. On what ground, then, may you fall your laud or your money your own ? The Christian answer to this is plain. You may call these things yours, because the Great Proprietor above has constituted you, and you alone, the trustee of them, the steward and caretaker of them. This is the only theory of ownership recognised in the Kingdom of Heaven. Your property is yours, because you have a per sonal responsibility for the disposal of it, -which none can share with you ; it is yours, because from you, and from none beside, your Lord will hereafter demand an account of the use which you have made of it. There are many Christian men, thank God, owners of properties, who do thus recognise the responsibilities of wealth — men whose example and influence shed a; perpetual benediction upon the world around them; and if all resembled them, it would perhaps be too much to say that there would have been no strikes, but it may be said that there would have been no ground for them. CONCLUSION. What shall be the end of these things none can tell. But I am persuaded that the hearty practical adoption of Christian principles in their bearing upon the vast social questions which now convulse the world is the only remedy for present troubles. We are assembled here as communicant mem bers of the church of Christ, banded together to extend His kingdom and to make His life, His death, His example, His teaching more widely known and under stood amongst men. The social disorders which threaten us with so much misery may well kindle within our hearts a holy enthusiasm for the extension of the Christian faith. Let us endeavour throughout our debates to keep in view the grand design of all church organisation, which is (in the words of a thoughtful writer) 'that the whole fabric of humanity, all the relations of men to God, to one another, and to the outward world, shall be pervaded by the Spirit of Christ.' 