PROFESSIONAL SCULLING RACE. J. II. KERR v. G. BUBEAR AN EASY WIN FOR BUBEAR This event, regardiug. which au immense amount of interest haa beon taken, caipo off on Saturday afternoon on tho Saltwater River course, under conditions as regards weather most favorable for a boat race, and resulted m an easy victory for Bubear. That the Englishman would win was ex pected except by Kerr's most enthusiastic sup porters, but no ono expocted that the Victorian would make such a poor tussle ns ho did against his opponent. In amateur rowing, and especially in four and eight oared crows, the representatives of Victoria havo provod that thoy can hold their own against all thoy havo mot, but in professional rowing the oldor colony of New South Wales stands alone, and her men truly and ably represent all Australia against the world. No doubt tho chal lenge issued by Kerr to Bubear to row a race in Victoria for £50 a side, allowing the English man £10 towards his expenses in coming over from Sydney, arose from the known excellence of Kerr as an amatour sculler, and through a degree of ignor- ancoas to tho difference between amateur and pro- fessional scullers iu quality. It has been thought, too, that Bubear, tlio ex-champion of England, hits greatly dotoriorated iu strength and skill dur ing tho past two or threo years, because he is not now recognised as capablo of beating one of the first rank of Sydney scullers. Tho fact is Bubear has not fallen off so much as the Sydney 6cullers have improvod. One lias only to visit the Parra- matta River on tho eve of an important sculling contest to rcaliso to what oxtcnt as a business pro fessional rowing in Now South Wales has attained. At least a dozen scullers can bo found practising morning and afternoon on the Parrawatta, some preparing for matches mado, aud others keeping in trim for an engagement. A few weeks ago Bubear was amongst the number, and ho was conuidered to bo a luckv follow when Kerr's offer to row him a raco was known. There were several youngsters of far inferior calibre to the Englishman who would have been only too ready to meet the Victorian for the stake and undor,tho conditions proposed, but,( evidently, a contest against any one of them was not considered big enough to enable Kerr to make a reputation for himself at a single bound. When the challenge was received Bubear was already in good condition, as lie had been . wound up for his two races against It Brown, one of the rising scullers of the sister colony. Kerr, on tho other hand, though occasionally taking a short paddle, was far short of racing condition, and on tho match boing mado he was loft only a few wooks to fit himself to row a hard 3 miles nice. To got fit Kerr trusted mainly to land exorcise, rowing vory little, and then, contrary to professional custom, without a companion to keop him going In Sydney Bubear could and did tako his spins on tho river regularly twice a day, in company with the boat men on the river, aud in his fortnight's practice on tho Saltwater River had young J. Tyler to accompany him. The result of the two different methods of training was apparent by a glance at the mon as they paddled up to the steamers before starting for their race. Bubear looked ruddy and hardy, ami his face bore a confident expression, in marked contrast to the sallow appearance and nervous expression of his oppnnont. Tho Englishman, who weighed 11 st, 10 lb., looked fit to row a desperate race from start to finish, while Kerr, weighing 11 st. 4Tb., had little in his appearance to betoken success, unless ho could score all by superior skill. Tho steamers Sprightly and Geelong, chartered to follow tho race, were well filled at 5.s. per head, and the Acis, carrying passengers at a lower tariff, had also a good number 011 board. Air. G. Upward, the umpire, took up his position on board the Sprightly, anil this vessel was allowed precedence during the raco, though the other two vessels kept well up, and afforded their patrons a good view of the men from start to finish. Captain Scott, tho assistant harbor master, kindly undertook to have a clear course, and he ia entitled to thanks for the successful manner in which he carried out tho task. There were 110 obstructions, and the river was in splendid order. The light southerly breeze just raised a ripple, and favored the scullers in making fast timo, and as a further help tho tido was runuiug in slowly. The articles for tho raco stated that the men should start by mutual .consent botween 3.30 and 4 o'clock, and by tho latter time both wore alongside tho steamer Sprightly to receive a fow words of caution from the umpire as to tho course each was to take. Bubour hail won the toss for choice of stations aud chose tho Sandridgo side which has a slight advantago for the first mile. The distance for the contest was agreed upon to bo 3 miles, but the men did not row so far by about a quarter of a inilo, as the start was maclo at tho steam ferry instead of at the beacon, where tho eight-oared races begin. Instead of racing without jerseys, as is the practice amongst professionals, both men retained their colors, Bubear wearing a white jersey and blue and white cap, and Kerr the well known cardinal and bhio of tho Yarra Yarra- club, of which ho is a member, Tho betting was dull, but a few wagors woro made at6 to 4 and 2 to 1 on Bubear. THE RACE. There was littlo delay after the steamers had drawn up. The two men wero well out in the stream and about a >aU length apart. A couple of times Bnbear shot off ni!6 Y 1 ?£' ex 110 tbini time Iwth struck tho \\\ utcr to0ether, but too half dozen strokes Bubuar put great dash into Ids work and Iiia boat gradnally forged ahead. He was faulty with his right scull, nnd pulling harder with bis left, tho two boats got close together and for a moment a fotu was expected. By vigorous rowing, however, tlio Englishman averted tho danger no had run Into, and in a fow moro strokes bad secured a length lead. Up to this point he hnd struck 36 strokes a minute, Kerr doing a couplo less. Having secured a lead, tho Englishman gavo proof of his skill as a waterman by rowing on his opponent's quarter, and throwing up an awkward wash, that checked tho run of Kerr's boat. Both contiuucd to keep in inid stream, and it was not until a clear length separated the two boats that Kerr puffed over and rowed on tho Hnndridgo side, liubear's courao. In three minutes' racing liubeur wus threo longtlis head, and already the contest was getting shorn of interest. Bubear was slowly gaining, though not pressed, and Kerr had sottled down to a 29 per minute stroko, altogether lacking in dash. Spottis- wooatt Point was rcaoheil by Bubear, four lengths head. In 4 min. S sec.; and the contest, bar accidents, was over. Bubear sottled down to nn easy stroke of 26 per minute, and now and then would turn round to see if his course was right. Again ana again Kerr's supporter on tho steamers urged their man nn, but he was doing his best and could not roiso their hones. Both men steered over to the sugar works Rule ot tno river, nnd Bubear was six lengths ahead when passing the dredge opposite to the entrance to Cootie's Canal. At tho sugar works Kerr got a littlo closer on sufferance, the time of thu lender at this point being U min. 3b sue. In the run to tho red dolphin and thu Junc tion Bubear steered by far tho better course, and hiB rowing was a mere pudalu. Nearing the junction ho al lowed his opponent to draw up to within a couplo of length?, anil then by a few well applied strokes shot away, till six lengths again separated tho boats. Tho timo to this ppiut was 16 min. 10 sec. The finish was, as usual for championship races, oppositotho old boathouso of thu Footscrny flowing Club. Crowds of people hud assembled to see the finish, and both men were cheered 6s they rowed along. Bubear had again allowed his op ponent to draw up, nod tho Victorian was urged to Hrun up and overhaul the leader. 'Kerr did persevere, but his efforts were of no avail, and Ids steoring wns again faulty. He bad rowed too close to thu bank, and not withstanding repeated shouts tohiru to "puilhislcft scull," he went straight on and almost ran his craft into a moored boat before he saw his danger, nnd then had to pull up. Before he could get clear Bubear reached tho winning post eight lengths ahead in the recorded time of 19 min. 8 sec. Kerr was much distressed, but tho winner wns almost us fresh as he appeared at the start, lie had scored an oxtrouicly ousy victory, much cosier than he had anticipated, besides the ntaku and ailowanco for ex penses he receives ?5 per cent, of the steamer receipts, and, therefore, his witi was a profitable one. He wua not pressed to race more than bulf a mile, bub he Bhowcd throughout that ho is a sculler worthy of his reputation, lie rows a long and free stroke, aud applies great power with his body and legs. Kerr did uot row so woil a ho haa done in practice auuiusomo of bis races. His grip was sluggish aud his reach cramped. Bubonr was splendidly boateu bytauhivun, ot Sydney, and Kerr rowed in a craft which he has been usiug for some time, and which was built by H. Fuller. It is probable that Bubear's next raco will bo against Neil Matterson, to whom a challenge has been issued on behalf of the LogUshman to make a match to be rowed ou the Parrumattu Kivcr for £100 aside. There is somo talk, however, that A. Fjlts, of Flcmington, who, it will be Victoria, is wiUing to row Bu'lwar for £100 aside, ''if lie is conceded a start of 20 oecopds. Bubear states that ho will row litis, giving liim five lengths start, lor thu stako mentioned, providing tho raco is rowed not later thau tho 14th iust. At tho settling over tho Btibcar-ICerr raco, held at Young and Jackson's Hotel on Saturday oveuing, Tyler, Bubeur's trainer, offered to row any lightweight Vic torian over o mile course for £10 aside. The offer was accepted, and W, Jurome, Fuller's young boatbuilder, was named. The match was made, and tho two meet this atternoon to row from tho sugar works to ltootseroy. Ihe launch Aei» is to follow tho spin, aud will carry intending spectators at tho uoiniuul faro of 2s. 6d. each. Bubear was boru at Creditou. in Devonshire, in 1859. His performaueos are fairly good. After defeating Jack Lnntnn 111 AuguBt, 1883, for £200 aside, iio assumed tho titlo of champion sculler of England. Wallace Ross con- coded him 10 soconds from Putney to Alortlako od 10th Alarch,' 1884, tho American winning rather easily. Bubear failed to give G. Perkins 5 seconds start lor £100 aside. In Alarch, 1885, Bubear was beaten by Dave Goodwin. Bubenr aud 0\. Neilsen (who was in England training Neil Alnitmon) met ou the 3rd June, 1886, from Putney to Mortlukc. Tho stakes wore £100. uud Bubcur won easily. On the 24th July, 1886, ho also defeated Peter Kemp for £100 aside oyer the samo course. He again defeated Konip oil tho 20th Septembur, 1886, for £100 aside. In the samo year ho carried off tho iuteruutional .Sculling Handicap, pro moted by the proprietors of tho Sportsman, defeating on tout occasion Teenier, Wallace Boss, J. A. Ten hyck, Gourgn Lee, Albert Humm, Perkiua, Goodwin, G. NeilBen uud W. Ghost. Bubear rowed G. Perkiua on iho Tyno, on the 7th February, 1889, for £200- aside aud tho 5j>orn/ma Oliaiiengo Cup, and won easily. He paid a visit to America the same year, and defeated Ton Eyek and Mallace ltos3 in succession, lie had two matches with Charles Courtuey, each for £200 aside. In the first Bubear was beaten, owing, I10 stated, to his rowiocks beiug tampered with, but iu the second match Bubear won very easily. Ou his return to England Bubear was beaten on tho 13th February, 1888, for £209 aside nod the SjforLvmtt Challenge Cup by Wullace Boss, hut on tho 16ih May the same year be defeated Charles Carr ou the lytic tor £100 aside. Iu a half tuilu raco ho was licatcu by George Norwcll, but on the 19th February, 1809, ho turned the tables ou his opponent on the lyno championship course for £109 aside, conceding 10 seconds start. Cn thu 14th October last year he was defeated by Noil .MuUcrsnn on the Thames for £200 aside, the fail course being rowed ovuriu 22 tnin. 2sec., which broke the record, binco his arrival in Australia lie has rowed it. J. Brown twice. Both races ended unsatisfactorily. Bubear won thu first raco on a foul, und Brown won tlio second on a foul. Bubear stands 5 feet 84 inches, nnd weighs about 11 At, 10 lb. John H. Kerr is a native of North Melbourne, and wns born 111 1865. Ho is 6 feet 10i iuchea in height, ami weighs about 11 st. In addition to being a good sculler, he has wou suveral foot races. Ilia first win in a scuff ing race wns in tho Maiden Bouffant the Upper Yarra uegattn in 1886, and a fortnight afterwards ho pulled off tho Young Cup on tho Albert Park Lake. After a spell, Kerr won tho Will's .Scuffs against livo opponents on tho Albert Park Luke. Ilu stroked tho Yarra Yarra lour to i'jetory at the Colac ltegatta. Alter being beaten by P. Bradley iu tho Senior Sculls Race, he defeated tho same sculler easily tor tho Amateur Championship of Vic toria, Amley beiug third, Foster, of New Zealand, fourth, and S. Fiurbairu last. This race was rowed over tho championship course, which is about threo miles, tho official uuie being 21 min. 30 pee. Again he stroked the Yarra I urra club eight to victory nt the Colno Regatta, and at Warrnamboul he rowed a dead heat with Fitz gerald in a two miles sculling race, but was defeated in the row off. A few days nftorwards he beat Fitzgerald ou the Albert Park Lake for tho Will's Scuffs. At tho Barwon Itugnttu ou the 19th Alarch of this year ho wou tho Amateur Champiouship Race. 