PUBLISHED DA1XT. THURSDAY,, SEPTEMBER 23, 1890. AT the Police Court, yesterday, a first offender, charged wi*]i drunkenness, was die* charged on payment of 4s. cab fare. COSSXABLE COLES left by the early train yesterday minting for Towns ville, escorting the prisoner, Annie Rowe, who was sentenced to three months imprisonment in Townsville GaoL TIIE programme of the Chnrch of England concert, to come off to-night, has been increased by' the tableaux entitled " The three old maids of Lee" and "Queen Philippa interceding for the Bourgeoises of Calais. The latter will call to the mind of our readers the time of the English invasion of France, when the wife of the English King and conqueror interceded on behalf of the gallant defenders of Calais, and obtained a pardon for those who had determined to sacrifice their lives for those of their countrymen and women, and who delivered np the keys of their town with halters roundtheir necks to the English monarch. THE body of a newly-bora female child, wrapped np in a piece of bagging, with a string around the neck, was found on Tuesday night by Mr. C. J- Fraser, in a cement pipe at the Day Dawn Freehold. The body was brought to the Hospital morgue by the police, and Dr. Paoli made a post mortem examination yester day morning,.bat he was unable to say whether the child had been bom alive or not, as the body was- in an advanced stage of decomposi tion. The skull was broken and the arms gone. The child most have been dead at least fire days. The circumstances point to a ease of infanticide, -and the police are making in quiries. WE went to the Rink last night, to see what was caiLed the " sheet and pillow slip mas querade carnival," and of all the slow shows that were ever; invented here to draw abob, the " night shirt" show last night takes the cake. The ugliest men and women, boys and girls of the town, who are afraid to skate under the gaslight, put their night shirts oa, and essayed to go round the rink, but several of them tumbled down. The ghost carnival was a fraud, pare and ample. People going to the rink wish to see intelligent looking people instead 'of a lot of lop-eared white-shirted jackasses and Jinnies. Afrer a short in terval, bur worthy Police Magistrate, Mr. Mowbray introduced the curly haired and well built Bkafcist, Miss Sylvester, who after wards gave some very clever exhibitions of her skatorial powers. Before retiring our esteemed contemporary, Mir. C. IT. Haggar, who had 'em all on, presented Miss Sylvester with a handsome gold bracelet accompanied with a testimonial signed by Hie principalf residents of Charters Towers, as an acknowledgment of the obligation under which the young and old people of Charters Towers axe indebted to her for her insftrnetkm. MR. EENSIDI'S farewell entertainment was given at Hie School of Arts last night. The programme was most pleasing, being a mixture of English; Scotch and Irish songs, or the Bose, "Thistle and Shamrock. Mr. Gordon and Mr. Stevens contributed to the success of the evening. Mr. Gordon sang " Killarney " and " There is a flower that bloometh " very credit ably, and the latter gentleman gave the " Bugler" and "The Eriar of Orders Grey" in good style and delivery. Mrl Kennedy kept the audience highly amused with hit anecdotes of Scotch peasant life, and^angthe many songs touching domestic felicity or otherwise as only a clever artist could. The " Mjicgregor's gather ing" was & masterpiece in itself, bat -to our idea "The death of Nelson" is Mr. Kennedy's song. In it his beautiful voice has full scope to display.jtself, and we can say we hare never heard this historical song sung better. It is a test of a good ainger, thexlifferent puis requiring difbreat -ezeca tkra, and jalLvfll agree with ns that Mr. Ken nedy dif fifll^j ugfcice to it. Sever before m'Uie^ Scooal of Arts has the recitative parts been so clearlv given, as the stirring parts where "England expects," etc, be rang out to the ' echo again and «g«in re- echoed. . " The Jjand o*. the waa given by spend request, and was itself, as we said before, heavenly. "The Minstrel Boy" was cleveriyandarfistically rendered, but we would have liked the time a little quicker and more marked, as is the way Irishmen sing it. We hope to see Mr Kennedy eoon again with a jjiper and the bagpipes. Tfle. 