BY YARRA'S BANKS. Our Melbourne Message. Pierre Douar's Grave. A Barbarous: Custom — ProfessdV Jank's Lecture— Jorsenson's Ar- , rival— The Press and the Libel Law— Melbourne Accidents— A Baby Prisoner— Moor-: house and Mullens. (from our melbourne representative.) _ Poor Pierre Douar, who suicided at Pent- ridge, unable to stand tlio horrors of solitary confinement, is not to be allowed to rest iu peace. Coroner Candler ordered the body of the Frenchman to be buried at midnight. He would not let tho light of day oivthe cold convict clay. Civilised Victoria, there fore, boheld the' strange spectacle of its dead, with a stake driven through it, being interred in- the darkuoss, when the goblin and tlio ghost walked through the silent hours of the night. By what warrant he directed tlio revival of the grim customs of bygone ages will bo made tho subject of Legislative inquiry. Mr. Frank Stuart, M.L.A., lias asked the Government for a full explanation of the coroner's conduct. Tlio irrepressible Professor Jenks has beaten tho record in one respect. His lecture on tho poet Calrerley, at Ormund ' College, was the shortest on record, tho time covered by tho deli vory boing but 27 minutes. His large audicilce was grati fied exceedingly when " lie resumed his seat so unexpectedly. Uuivcrsity pro fessors should tako this cue from lecturer Jenks and spare their unfortunate Btudcnts much misery. Calverley, who was not much more than a representutiveUniversity man,' once wrot6 a priz eassay on " Australia." It was written in Latin and contained tho only item of information that "you may see' horses and waggons in Australia." A more misleading truth was never written about a continent. Melbourne is awaiting with much anxiety the advent of its latest hero, Captain Jor geusen, of tho unsiukable Storm King, tloth hero and lifeboat are at Adelaide on exhibition, aud according to accounts draw ing as well as any" large-sized sensa tion of its kind. No oho acquainted with tlio dangers of the deep will fail to pay his sliare of admiration to tlio gallant sailor' who has steered his buoy over the briny waters of three oceans. But why did Jorgenson inaugurate his Australian exhibi tion at Adelaide, the worst show town iit the continent? Melbourne may resent this infringement on priority. Tho cause of freedom of Australian journalism lias won a distinguished victory in the result of the libel action, Tomsit v. The Australasian. This action was com menced some time ago by Tomsit, who is a Melbourno merchant, "for certain statements published by tho . defendants to the effect that Tomsit had shipped dangerous explosives to tlio risk of tiie lives of pas sengers and erew unknown to them, and further that ho deceived the Commissioner for Customs. Tho defendants oh inquiry discovered they wore mistaken, withdrew the accusations, and apologised. This, how- over, did not satisfy Tomsit, Ho brought an action against tho paper aud claimed £5000 damages. The defendants now paid £25 into court, and pleaded that though they published incorrect and libellous matter their action was without motives of malice and without gross negligence. Tho jury's verdict was for tho dilfondants, and recognised tlio principle that where an un intentional libel lias been fully retracted no plaintiff should como into court for the only purpose of making money out of a newspaper. It is time this principle of law was fully established. The majority of plaintiffs in libel suits seek not so much to retrieve character as to win booty by way of damageB. It is not in tended to insiuuato that Tomsit's aim was mercenary, but his determination in pres sing his supposed claim for further redresi destroys his right to any sympathy. Melbourne is just as marvellous in acci dents as in everything else. Here are a few statistics not recorded by Hayier:— Since July 1, 1888, to June 30, 1S90, 11,721 cases of injury wero admitted to the Melbourne Hospital. Among tho number 1S3S were treated as in-patients, nnd 9883 as out patients. Of tho 11,721 sufferers only 417 caino from the country districts or from other colonies. Tho Free-trade party will find somo difficulty in putting these results iu the shade. The social purity epidemic lias reached Melbourne. The police have just made a raid upon tho fashionable houses which environ Parliament House, and among their captures is au infant aged two years and a half. What immorality this defendant is guilty of lias not yet come out iu evidence.- But probably it's another prodigy. Bishop Moorhousc evidently received a shock when lie heard of the death of book seller Mullens, the worthy old colonist, and Churchman, lie lias sent a letter of con dolence to tlio widow, a fact which shows that an ex-Australiitn Bishop does not in every case forget his former flock. The radical divine wrote: — "My dear Mrs. Mullens. — I was very much shocked to hear of tlio sudden' death of your dear husband. I always looked upon him as 0110 of the most pious, faithful, and energetic Church-' men in Melbourne, und I sincerely share tho sorrow which all his friends, must feel at his removal. Really, how ever, it is ho who is tho more fortunate. Tho Apostlo desired to depart and be with Christ, which was far butter ; and as the days pass on, and wo feel tho crippling hand of age, we must all share tlio Apostle's desire and long to go to those, tlio huppier, whom we liavo loved on curth iu tlio hopo that in Christ our lovo shall bo revived for ever in heaven. — With my mostsincero condolences, bolievo me, yours very truly, J. . Man- Chester." Dr. Moorhouse and his excel lent wifo are, by the way, doing good work among the poor ballet-girls of tho great manufacturing city. The following appeared in our late editions of Saturday. . 