TRINITY COLLEGE HOSTEL. Tho memorial htouo of Trinity College Hostel was laid by the Countess of Uopctoan this afternoon. Thcro was a largo and in- flnentinl assemblage to witness the cere mony, including tho Earl of ffopctoun, tho J-oru ilisiiopot Melbourne, btr W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., ami Lady Clarke, Air I'rareon, Minister of Education, etc. Tho visitors wero received by l)r. Lceper, Warden of the College, and the manners of tho Council. The proceedings commenced with tho singing by the chorister hoys mid men of &. Mark's, Fitzroy, of tho processions! hynm commencing, " To the Nnmo of onr Sal vation." Tito musical arrangement had liccn entrusted to the Rev. J. F. Stretch, LL.B., and Mr II. J. King, organist of St. Mark's, who had spared no pains to perfect them. Tho procession was in two parts, ecclesias tical and academic. Tho former was in tho following order s— ' Tho well-trained choir of St. Mark's and tho Precentor, the Rev. J. F. Stretch ; clergy in surplices, and canons, the chaplain of tho college, archdeacons, tho Dean of Melbourne, ami Bishop Goc with his chaplaini. Next canto the academic section of tho procession, .headed -hy lady under, graduates. After these camo lady graduates, who wero followed by bachelors of tlio various faculties, senior graduates, the mcmlM-raof thegoverniugamt teaching bodies of tho University ami Colleges, the Vicc-Chnncctlor, Dr. Madden, tho Chancellor, Dr. Brownless, Sir William and Lady Clarke, tho Governor ami Lady Hopetoun and suite. After prayer, l'salm exxv. was sung. Tho following appropriate prayer was offered, — O Lord God, who art the Giver of si) wis. d un, and wiliest that thy children should bo brought up in the fear and love of Thy holy um»»; pour down wo bi- si-rch The, the gift of Thy Loving kindness upon this place, that all who shall be gathered together in it may grow in Thy Grace, aud be delivered from all evils of body and soul ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Shortly before tho laying of tho mo mortal stone special prayer was made as follows : — Almighty and everlasting God. mercifully bs pleased to bless this stone which wo are about tu placo fur a memorial in the name and strength of Him who is the tried and precious stone, and grant that all they who to ttm fortiwranct of this work shall have faithfully offered to Thee of their lubitioce may over be preserved both in body and soul through Jrsus Christ our Lord. Atnun. Tho anthem, " Except the Lord build tho bouse," was sung. Tho Warden then read an interesting report on the origin of tho Hostel. Dr. Lccpcr then requested Lady Hopetoun to lay tho stone. This tho Countess did, and, having de clared the stono well and truly lsiu, she named tbo building, saying — "I name ihese buddings now in courao of erection the Manet Gierke Buildings.1 1 pray that true religion and usfful learn ing may hero for ever flourish and abound, and I declare this stono to bo well and truly laid, in thn name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." A hymn, beginning " In humblo adora tion," was sung. Several addresses followed. Tho concluding collect was as follows : — Almighty sad Merciful God, grooiotudy bow down thin'- ear to tho petitions of Thy humble servants ; hallow with tho might of Thybless- ing this Hoeta), erected for the instruction of Thy children, and vouchsafe the gift of Thy grace to all who shall come to learn in it, that they may gTOW up in Thy faith and fear, through Jesus Christ oar Lord. Amon. A benediction opou 4i this plnce, and on all who shall learn and teach in it, for over- moro" having been supplicated, tho beauti ful processional hymn commencing, 14 Oh, Loru oflleavcnana Earth andBns"wos sung and tho visitors laid their offerings on tho stone. Tnz Amii km. Tho beautiful anthcrn, 11 Except tho Lord Build tho House," was taken from Cowcn's 44 Song of Praise." Copies of tbo scoro wero kindly lent by tho Government. THE BUILDING. Tho building is in tho puro Gotbio stylo and will havo a h&ndsonra; clock tower about 100 feet high. It will bo thrco storeys in hdght and, whon complete, will form a quadrangle. It Is situate within cho grounds of Trinity College, and f routs tho Sydney road. It Is of red brick with rich dressing of Warren Ponds stone. Night buttresses, oriel windows on either oido of tho fino porch, dormer windows and ridgo tilings aro effectually introduced into tho design, and tho balkling when complete will have an imposing and elogant appear ance. It Is intended for tbo accom modation of about sixty girls, and tbo accommodation is to bo of a very miporior character. All tho internal fittings will be rich and well finished There is to bo a largo and well- equipped gymnasium with open roof, which will occupy the first and second fleor of tho roar builaing. 4 " Tint Cost. ' Tho total coat of tho building, irrespective of furniture, will ha botweon L20,0(X) and 130,000. Tho cost of tho block, now in progress will bo somothing ' ovor JGOUO, of which LC000 - lias been provided by Lady Clarko, leaving tho rest to bo contributed, by other friends of tbo causa of tho higher education of women. Student. . Tho- nccommodation to bo provided at tho. Hostel is already Jn . tcunest, . add Qucou's College, in connection With which aii uhituc-' ccssful uttcmpt bos been mado to crcato a haste), lias asked tho Council to admit their slmlculs, and tho goveriittgbody has readily acceded to tbo request 