DEAD AND BURIED, YET ALIVE. SIMILAR TO THE PASCOE CREEK CASE. (NEW YORK HERALD.) St Paul, Minn., Oct. 25, 1889.—On Monday morning, about ten o'clock, a young man, apparently about twenty- four years of age, while walking along the bearers of the unconstructed upper floors of the new Endicott-building, missed his footing and plunged headlong into the basement below. When picked up he was dead, his skull being badly fractured. The unfortunate man was a stranger to all around the building, and when the coroner came he ordered the body to be taken to the morgue, and it remained there all day unidentified. The evening papers, however, stated that the man's name was Patrick Mahoney, from Minneapolis. One of these notices caught the eye of Michael Finn, a resident of this city, and a distant relative of Mahoney. The same evening, in company with Mrs Tracy, a first cousin of Mahoney, he visited the morgue, and identified him. A telegram was sent to Postmaster McCabe, at Hazlewood, with a request that he inform the Mahoneys, who reside there, of the unfortunate occurrence. On Tuesday, Mahoney's half-brother, who lives at Rosemount, came here and also identi- fied the dead man. Half a dozen friends and acquaintances of the dead man also called during the day and identified him. The remains were placed in a casket on Tuesday afternoon and got ready for shipment. The same evening Mahoney's brother Tom, accompanied by a number of friends who were well acquainted with the deceased, arrived in the city. When they entered, the half-brother of Mahoney, recognising Tom Mahoney, burst into tears, and the two, sobbing and moaning, went back to where the re- mains lay. Here both threw themselves on the coffin and wept as if their hearts would break. The deceased was again identified by his own brothers, Orders were given to get the body ready to ship on the 7.30 p.m. to Northfield, and at the appointed time the funeral party took their departure for home. On Tuesday, at midnight, Hazelwood was reached, and the body transferred to the Mahoney home- stead. When Mrs Mahoney looked upon the dead face of her young boy she swooned. All during Wednesday and Wednesday evening the body was waked, according to Irish custom, and during this time hundreds of people who knew the young man well in life came to view the remains. Only a month or two before he had left Hazelwood, and all his friends and neighbors had a distinct recollection of him. The funeral took place on Thursday morning from St Patrick's Church, and five hundred or more vehicles followed the corpse to the grave. Now comes the sensational part of this story. To-day Tom Mahoney came to St. Paul to bring home whatever effects were left by his dead brother, going thence to Minneapolis, where he knew his brother had worked. Going to his boardinghouse he inquired if his brother had left any effects behind him. Imagine his consternation when he was told that his brother was alive and well, and that he could get ocular demonstration of the fact if he would wait until noon, when the young man supposed to be lying in the little cemetery at Hazelwood would return for dinner. Tom Mahoney could scarcely credit the information, and when the noon hour came a young man entered the door of the boardinghouse. He approached Tom Mahoney, who shrank back as if confronted by a ghost. The young man was Patrick Mahoney - not Pat- rick Mahoney robed in sombre shround, but Patrick Mahoney in life. In a moment the two brothers were wrapped in each other's arms, the one crying for joy, the other dumbfounded and unable to understand the cause of the scene. When Tom explained to his brother all that had taken place, how he (Patrick) had been killed in an accident at St. Paul, placed in a coffin, shipped home and afterwards buried by his father's side, the young man hardly knew whether to laugh or cry. The brothers left for Hazelwood this evening, and to-morrow morning the poor, heartbroken mother will meet her boy, whom she believes, to be beyond the tears and sighs of this life. The theosophists are going to establish a sort of monastery, to be known as the Fraternitas, on the shores of Lake Como, where they propose to lead a life of seclusion and contemplation, broken only by occasional trips to the outer world to do what is vulgarly known as raising the wind. There " Madame" will revive the glories of her Simla and Madras homes, find cups and saucers embedded in grassy banks, receive messages from and trans- mit messages to the mysterious brother- hood of the Hima'ayas, and disclose to the view of her admiring followers the astral bodies of their departed friends, She will not, it is understood, have the advantage of Madame Coulomb's assist- ance on this occasion, but will perform her triumphs unaided. 