THE WORLD'S DESIRE. Bl H. RIDER HAGGARD and ANDREW LANG. Eolenam vera immortatem fmne inrfical tempm. — Sbbvzvs. JEnbid II., 501. BOOK n. Chapter VI. TUB WARDED OF THE OATH. Tho clamour swelled or sank, and too uion callocl and cried the names of many women, ®?,m0 dead, somo lost. Others wero muto, silent in tho presence of tho World's Desire, silent as when we ace lost faces in a dream. Tho Wanderer had looked onco and thon cast down his oyes and stood with his face hidden in his hands. Ho alono waited and strove to toiuk » tho rest woro abandoned to the bewil derment of their passions and thoir amaze. What was it that lio had 6cou ? That which he had nought his wliolo lifo long ; Bought by sea. and land, not knowing what ho Bought. For this he had wandorcd with a hungry heart, and now was the huogorof liis heartto bo appeased ? Between hun and hor was tho unknown barrier the invisible Death. Was ho to pass tho unmarked boundary, to force thoso guarded gates and achiovo where ail had failed ! Had a magic deceived his oyca V Did ho look but oaa picture and avisiou that sorno art could coH again from tho Imuutcd plnco of Memory ? He sighed and looked again. Lo I in liis . Charmed sight a fair girl seemed to stand upon J the pylon brow, and on her head shoboro a shining urn of bronze. J Ichgw hot now. Ho had sco hor thus at the court of King Tyndarous as hodrovoin his chariot through tho ford of Eurotos; thus ho bad seen her in tho dream on tho Silent Islo. . v?1? bo sighed and again ho looked. Now «n his charmou sight a woman sat, whoso faeo was tho face of tho girl, grown moro lovely far, ' but sad with grief and touchod with sliomo. Ho saw bcr and he know her. So ho had Oia her in Troy's towora when ho atolo thither ,« a beggar's guiso from tho camp of tho Achieaas. So ho had seen lior whou sbo saved Itl4 1 1 fA in Tlina . Again ho aighed and again he looked, and now he oaw tho GOLDKN HELEN. , Sho stood upon tho pylon's brow. Sbo stood j arVls outstrotchod, with oyes upturned, aud on hor shining foco there was a smilo liko the infinite smilo of the dawn. Oh, now, in deed, ho knew tho shape that was Beauty's self tho innocent Spirit of Lovo sent on earth by the undying Goas to bo the doom aud tho do- lightof mou ; to draw them through tho ways ox strife to tho unknown ond. A while tho Golden Holeu stood thus looking up and out to tho worlds boyond ; to tho peace boyond tho stnfo, to too goal boyond tho wave. Thus sho stood whilo men scarco dared to breathe, summoning all to come and toko that upou tho 041:111 is Swarded so invincibly. Then onco more sho sang, and as sho sane ' "owlydrewhjrself away, till at length nought was Hit of tho vision of her savo tho sweetness of her dying song. TOm his Love shall lose her, lvno loses her shall ifain, For stUl.thoHpiritwoushcr, A soul without a stain ; And Memory still pursues her with longiiigHnot in vain I Be loses her who gains her, Wh» watches day by day Tho dust of timo that status her. The gnofs that leave her grey, Xho flesh that yet eocliains her Whose graco has passed awn jr I Oh, happier ho who gains not Tho Xoyo some seem to gain ; The Joy that custom stains not Shall still with hi»n remain. The loveliness that wanes not, Tho Love that ne'er can wane. In dreams she grows not older The lands of Dream amour. Though all tho world wax colder . . Ohough all tho «onw be sung, In dreams doth he heboid her mill fair and kind and young, s . . Now too silonco died away, aud R"ain mad- new came upon those who hod listened and looked. Tho mou without the wall onco moro hurled themselves against thoimtna . - shrieking curses ou the beauty of too Hathor, for tho song meant . nothi ng to theso womon, and their arms woro about thoso whom they loved and who won tham their broad. But most of tho men who wore in tho outer court rushed up to tho innor SJi®3 hin which stood tho alabaster shrine . £ tho Hathor. Somo flung themselves upon tho ground and clutchod at it, as in dreams . mm fling thomsolveo down to ho saved from fUhngmto a pit that has no bottom. Yot a. m thoso ovil dreams men arc drawn inch by inch to the mouth of tho pit by au unaeon hand, , , thoso wretched men woro dragged along tho ground by tho might of their own drain? In ' ' Jai?.T?By th,eir feot ogoinst tho stones to hold themsoWos from going. for thoy thrust for. SlS.TrJr,1' wltb 'b(dr bands, und thua httlo by httlo drew near tho inner cates writhmg forwards yet mo vhig backwards lOco a wounded enakodragged along by a rope. For or thoso who thus entered the outer court and looked on the Hathor, few might go back Now tho priests drew tho cloths from their eyes, rose and flung wido tho second gates, and there, but a little way ofT, the veil of the shrino \- ' J? wavering as if m a wind. For now tho doors beyond the veil were thrown wido, as bo soon whon tho wind swaved their Tynan web, and through the curtains camo tho Bound of tho same sweet singing, y ,near,- Draw near !" cried tho an- HhthmSncar"" h wouWl «> Now at first the Wanderer was minded to xushon. But his desire had not wholly ovor. come him nor had his wisdom left him. Ho took counsol with his heart and waited to lot them 6' t0 Be hW £t fare(J lriUl The worshippers wore now hunying back onwards, as fear and Wing ithe,raau who was blind drew near, led by tho hand of a priest, for hi 'lo iil might not eutar the sccoud court of tho temple. " Cowards, I fear i rinrv to haf ,0W UP»» th« gloryof tho Hathor than to live and never aoo her moro. Sot my face straight, yo lirirats, sot die " ' a!" » flt tho worst I can but /lnrn,ltht/ lc„d '"i" "? ??ar tbo curtains as thoy dared to go aud sot Ins faco straight. Thon with a groat cry ho rushed on. hut ho was taught and whirled about like a loaf in a wind, 00 that ho fell. Ho roso and again rushed on. again to be whirled back. A third timo ho road S?(T "S'1,,®' ""'ting With his blind man's staff. The blow fell, and stayod in mid-air, and there camo a hollow sound ns of a smitten shiold and tho staff that dealt tho blow was m J1 was a aoiso 'iko tlio noiao of clashiug swords, and tho man instantly Bank down dead, though tho Wanderer could flco no wound upon him. Draw near!" cried tho priest again. " This ouo is fallen. , Lot him who would win tho Hathor draw near Thon tho man who bad fled from tho host of tho Apura rushed forward, crying on tho Lion of his tribo. Back ho ivaa hurled, nud back again, hut at tho third time onco more thero iSfdoad. Bouudo£ da3hinemrords,aiidhotoo it a tc"J ,?raw near !" cried tho nriest thaor dmw now 1,im wl"» would win . hnriod rkma8n7&Kahof; Waercr abnc! IeDSth 1111 Wer0 slaic sa «'o Thou tho priest snako : " Wilt thon indeed rush on to doom, thou glorious man? Thou hast soen tho fato of ma"7; Bo warned and turn away. " tho wlioj. 1 tSr? £r.m maoo<' glioat,"aaiil Smi nhd ' "J1 drawing, his short swonl ho camo mph warily, covering his head with his hCdic Kiw iho'ly Prie lt00,d baok t0 SM ' e J Now, tho iViinderor had marked thnt S?iWm t0,uc ,,0<i ""'key ctocd upon the very threshold of tho doorway. iWcforo lib S'otlvVn f.ra?or,to Aphrodite and ram„ on i i m Wor? a bow's length £.a._ and _ thoro ho stood /im? xutuiuua. aow no could hear tho vory words of tho eong that tho Hathor sang as sh wove at hor loom. So dread aud sweet it wan that inr ? thought no more on tho Gtiardiaus nor of aught savthosong? '"orsh? SJ' S?ofUtho Scans ri tho ' bamrato,?orfnl?;ld aoJ ""lot, paint the AUhX?,srar- Arifh'S ITplea ; hlunn and sack by 'hat have bran sad P4mhcTOj'nIll,tl"lt lik CUp 1""c P'cdSrd the lips of Plin.rimSfn " ,Ulii' ""Whiioaed While the many sndLmraii l""' " mL,tre«ofthewide world JMaBg"hra" "ta,"'IU and olu,rioLs' n,ia C arron-s W'rf"c leaping op at BcaUljf I,iI%?raro'rVla","I hangs above the AU rights rasarred. j 25 I'aint the mieicnt 111ns fallen; i«iut tho llumeH that scaled the sk>\ When tho foe wnn in the fortress, when the trumpet find the cry Itanj; of men in their Inst onset, men wlio.tc hour luid dawned to die. Woe for ine onco loved of all jneii, me that never yet have known How to love the hearts that loved inc. Woo for ine, who hears tho mrwn Of my Invent' yhiwU tlmt pcrisheil in their cities overthrown. Is tlicro not, of gods or inorlals, oh, ye God«t, is there not one— One whoso heart hIiiiII mate with my heart, one to love ere till be done, AH the tales of wars that shall he for my lovo beneath _ tho sun Now the song died away, and tho Wanderer onco moro bethought him of tho wardous of tho Kates ami 01 tho battle which ho must fight. But as ho braced himself to rush on against tho unseou foo, tho music of the singing swelled forth again, nud whether ho willea it or willed it not, so sweet wns its magic, thatthoro ho must wait till tho song was dono. And now stronger and moro gladly rang tho sweet shrill voico, liko tho voico of ono who has mado moan through the live- loug winter night, and now sees tho chariot of ilio dawn climbing tho eastern sky. And thus tho Hathor sang : Ah, within my heart n hunger for the love unfclt. un known, Stirs at length, and wakes and murmurs ns a child tliat wakes to moan. Left to sleep withiu some silent house of strangers and alouc. So my heart awakes, and waking, moans with huocer and with cold. ! CrieH in pain of dim remembrance for the joy that watt of old; For the love that was, that shall be, half fonrotand ' half foretold. Havel dreamed it or remembered! lu another world Lived and loved in alien seasons, moved beneath a golden sky, In a golden clirnc where never camo the strife of men that die. But the Gods themselves were Jealous, for our bh'sa was over-great. And they brought on us division, and the horror of then hute. And they et the snake between ns, ond tho twining coils of Fate. And they said. " Go forth and seek each other's face, and only lind Sliadowa of tluit face ye long for, dreams of days left fur hoUiud, Love the shadows and be loved with loves that waver ns the wind." Onco more the aiuging died away, but as tho Wanderer grasped his sword and fixed tho brond shiold upou his arm ho remcmborod tho dream of Meriamun the Qucon, which had boon told him by Roi tho Priest. For in that dream twain who had sinned wero mado threo, and through many deaths and lives must seek each other's face. And now it seemed that tho burdeu of tho song was tho burdou of tho dream. Thon ho thought no more on dreams, - or eougs, or omens, but only on the deadly foo that'stood before him wrappod in darknoss, and ouHelon, in whoso arms ho yet should lio, for so tho Goddess had sworn to him in sea-girt Ithaca. Ho spoke no word, he named no God, but sprang forward as a lion springs from bis bod ofrcods; and lo ! his buckler clashed against shields that barred tho way, and in vuible arms seized him to hurl him back. But no woakling was tho Wanderer, thus to ho Suthod asido by magic, but tho stoutest man ift alive in tho whole world now that Aias, Tolamon's son, was dead# Thoprissts wondered as thoy saw how ho gavo back novor a stop, for all tho might of tho wardons of the gates, but lifted his short sword and bowed down so ter ribly xhat fire loapt from tho air when tho short sword foil, tho good sword of Euryalus tho Fhreacian. Then came tho clashing of swords, and from all tho golden armour that onco tho godlike Paris wore, ay, from buokler, helm, and greaves, and breastplates tho soarks streamed np as thoy stream from tho anvil of tho smith whon ho smites great blows on swords mado whito with fire. Swift as hail fell tho blows of tho tinsoon blades upon tho golden armour, but he who woro it took no harm, nor was it ao muih as marked with tho dint of tho swords. So whilo tho priests wondered at this miracle tho view less warders of the gate smoW at tho Wanderer, and tho Wanderer smote at thnm nmun. Thnn of a sudden ho know this, that thoy who barred tho path were gono, for no more blows foil, and hia sword only cut the air. Thon ho rushed on And passed behind tho veil and stood within the shrino. But as tho curtains swung behind him tho singing roso again upon tho air, and ho might not mov o, but stood , fixed with his oyes gaziug where, far up, a loom was set within tho shrine. For tho sound of tho singing camo from behind tho great wob gleaming in tho Uom. tho sound of tho song of Holon as aho hoard tho swords clash and tho ringing of tho harness of those whoso know wore looaeued iu death. It was thus she sang : Clamoiir ttf iron un iron, anil shrieking of atccl upon Hark how they echo again I Life with Uio dead i at war, and the mortals uro sunken anil reel. Tho living are slain by the slain t Clamour of iron on iron ; like music thnt chimes with a Houjf, Bo with mr lifo dnUi if And my footsteps must fall in the danco of Erinnvs. arovclofwronff, ' ' Till the day of the passing of Time I Ghosts of the dead that havo loved me. your love _ ha tli been vanquished of death. unvanquished by death Is your hate : <» lfot one but is envied of Fato T Now tho eong died, and tho Wanderer looked up, and before him stood three shadows of mighty men clad in armour. He gazed upon them, and he know tho blazons painted on their sliiolds ; hoknew thorn for horoos long dead— Pinthous, Theseus, and Aiae. Thoy looked upon him, and thon criod with one voice : 41 Ha!, to thee, Odysseus of Ithaca, son of Laertes!" " Hail to thco," cried tho Wanderer, "The seus, rT.Kous's son ! Onco bofore didst thou Co down into the Houso of Hades, and nliro thou earnest forth again. Haat thou crossed yet again tho stream of Ocoan, and dost thou llyo ill tho sunlight ? For of old I sought then tuid found theo not in tho Houso of Hudes i" The semblanco of Thraous answered : " In tho Home of Hades I abide this day, and in tho ffoidB of asphodel. But that thou soost is a shadow, sent forth by tho Queen Personhono, to ho tho guard of tho baauty of Heion " u. 'Hall to thee, Pirithous, Irion's son," cried Wanderer again. " Hast thou yet won the dread Porseiihotio to ho thy lovo ? And why doth Hades give his riyal holiday to wander in the sunhght, for of old I sough't theo, nnd found theo not in theHonso of Hades " Then tho semblance of Pirithous answered- In tho House of Hades I dwell this day, and that thou seost is but a shadow which gora with tho_Bha.j,y of the horo Theseus. For where ho is am I, and whore ho goeo I go, and our very shadows aro not sundorcd : hut wo guuru iao oeauty 01 liolen." ,, ".H"'1 theo, Aias, Telumon's son," cried tho Wanderer. Haat thou not forgotten thy wrath against mo, for tho eato of those ac- curaedarms that I won from tlioe, the arms of Achilles, son of Toleus ? For of old in tho Houso of Hades I spoko to theo, but thou thbionrigor! ' ftn8W0r ono »» heayywa, .. Then tho semblauco of Aias mado answer- i lth ,rou opon iron, and tho stroke of hronxo ou would I answer thco, if I wore yet a living luau and looked upon tho sunlight. But I smite with a shadowy spear and slay none but men foredoomed, un.l I am tho shade of Aias who dwells in Hades. Yet tho Queen Pcrso- fityofHo"4.'"1"' t0 b<> tl10 BUard0f th0 Then tho Wanderer spoko. . " Tell ine. yo shadows of tho sous of heroes, is tho way closed, and do the Gods forbid it, or may 1 tliat am yot a liymg man pass forward I Helen"?" U y gU!lrd' on tho boaut>r ot Thon each of the threo nodded witli his head, and emoto once upon his shield, saying Pass by, but look not hack upon us, till tliou has soon thy dcairo." Then the Wanderer wont by, into tho inner, most chamber ot tho alabaster shrino. Now1 when tho shadows had spoken thus, thev grow (tun ana vamahou, and the Wanderer, as thoy dad commanded, drew slowly on up tho alabaster shnne, till at length he stood on tho mthorside of tho web upon tbo loom. It was a proat wob, wido nnd high, aud hid all tho lunermoat rocosaes of tho shrino. Hero ho waited, not knowing how ho should break in upou tho Hathor. As ho stood wondering thus his bucklor slipped from his loosened hand and clashed ujnm the inarblo floor, and as it clashed tho I voice of tho Hathor took up tho broken song J and thus sho sang over moro sweotly j Ghodls of the dead that havo loved me, your lovo liuth been vanquished by Death, uu But unvanquished by DouUi Is your Hute Say, is there nono that may , Ll i i;: , all t/uit draw brosth ; Not ooe but is euried of Fato f KnC i Sd!lbS,5,JDtt "nseathed of Br the Bjilcndotir of Eons there is one Aai fatoucbMl'"»«a«t« Ot tbft Spring and the Idss of thesua f lor lio comes, and my heart thnt was chill ns a lake m the season of anow, Is i molten, and glows as with Ore. And tlio lovo Uuit I know not is bora and ho laughs in my heart, nnd I know The nntno and the flatno of Desire. As a ilnmc am I kindled, a ilamo Uuit is blown by a wind trorn tho North, By a wind tliat is deadly with cold. And tho hope thntuwokn in inc ftiinte, for the Lovo that is born shall go forth To my Love, aud shall die as of old J Now tho song sobbed itself away, hut tho hoartof tho Wanderer echoed to its eiveotucss as a lyre moans and thrills whon tho hand of tho stnkor is lifted from tho strings. For a while ho stood thus, hiddou by tho web upon tho loom, whilo his limbs shook liko tho loaves of tlio tall poplar, and his faco turned whito as turn the poplar leaves. Then dcairo overcame him, and n loucinir ho could not master, to look upon tho faco of her who sang, nnd he seized tho wob upon tho loom, and rent it with a great rending noise, so that it foil down on eithor aide of him, and tho gold coils rippled at liis feet. Cto re continued,.) 