Brief Mention. It is proposed to start a Co-operative Dairy Company at Casino. 150 members contributed to the Lawrence School of Arts last year. A sale of Crown lauds will be held at Lis- more on the 27th instant. Mr. E. Carter has resigned as a member of Lismore Licensing Bench. A meeting of the Coraki Progress Associa- tion will be hold to-night. Mr. Richard Stevenson, M.P., paid a visit to Grafton on Monday last. Another slight freshet in the river. At Coraki it rose about five feet. The Kev. A. M'Kenzie, of Cowper, is licensed to celebrate marriages. A meeting of Sydney unemployed lapsed on Wednesday night for want of a quorum. It will pay heads of families to read Ren- wick's advertisement, in this issue. — Adv. The people of Ballina want a Land Office at Ballina and a Circuit Court at Lismore. Mr. F. Norrie, the well-known solicitor, will return to Grafton in about a month's time. The Public schools at Bathurst are closed in consequence of the prevalence of diphtheria. Mr. C. Sanders has been elected an Alder- man for Grafton, in place of Mr. G. Wunder- lich. Maize shipped from the Macleay for the six months ending December 31st was 98,400 bags. There is a proposal to construct an under- ground railway between Edinburgh and Leith. The statue of the late Dr. Lang will be finished by the end of the year. It will cost £3000. Maize blight has again appeared on the Bellinger, and promises to considerably lesson the yield. A bill for preventing the infringement of trade-marks has been prepared by the Minister for Justice. Father Hearn has been appointed to the charge of the parish of Ballina, Wardell and Broadwater. The firm of Summerfield and Co. of Sydney, have assigned their estate for the benefit of their creditors. The ship Neotsfield arrived in Sydney last week from London, with a general cargo valued at £23,000. In settlement of the action for libel by Mr. Parnell, the London Times proprietors have paid 40s into court. The Archbishop of York considers that it is as much a duty to abstain from gambling as it is to abstain from thieving. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. Joseph Campbell, of the Macleay, was last week called by his solicitor at Kempsey. The Judges decline to compel the Times to disclose certain information relating to their articles on "Parnellism and Crime." Mr. S. Buchan, of Nymboida, was severely injured a few days ago through a cartridge exploding when being put into a gun. F. Bertram has applied for 1300yds lease for oyster culture, and J. Archer for 78yds for similar purpose, both in parish Riley. Provision has been made for the annual Easter encampment from April 4 to 12, but nothing definite thereof is yet known. The Marquis of Salisbury has declined to refer the difficulty between England and Portugal to the arbitration of the Pope. Mr. B. Saville, of Lansdowne, claims to be the oldest resident of the Manning district. He came to the district in the year 1840. Ridge's circus, which was announced to ap- pear at Coraki on Tuesday night last, did not put in an appearance owing to the heavy rain. Mr. Parnell, M.P., intends to indict the Government for conspiring with the late Pigott to assist the Times in their action against him. Mr. A'Beckett, member for the Bogan has handed £30, received as payment for his Parliamentary services, to the Dubbo hospital. A well known old resident of Sandhurst, Mr. Bissell, aged 86 years, was a few days ago married for the second time. The young scamp. On Sunday last a kitchen belonging to Mr. D. Gillies, Orara River, was with its contents burned to the ground through accidentally catching fire. At Melbourne last week between 30 and 40 engineer apprentices struck work owing to their wages having been stopped for the Christmas holidays. It is said that only one Oddfellows' lodge on this river is favorable to the formation of the proposed north-coast district with head quarters at Grafton. The threatened strike of bakers in London for a working day of 10 hours was practically averted by nearly all the masters conceding the demands of the men. The Emperor of China still refuses to see the lady whom his mother forced upon him some months since, and upon whose marriage a fabulous sum was spent. A majority of members of the Ballina Pro- gress Association have approved of the action of Messrs. Ewing and Perry in refraining from voting for the censure motion. Messrs. Taylor and M'Leary's tender, £445, is the lowest for bridge over Jiggi Creek, and that of George Langley £373 15s, the lowest for wharfinger's cottage at Byron Bay. Sixteen students of a military academy of medicine in St. Petersburg are to be expelled for attempting to celebrate a requiem mass for the repose of the soul of a Nihilist writer. Dr. Goode, who was recently arrested in Orange for not paying the damages in a libel action in which no was defendant, has been transferred to the debtors' gaol, Darlinghurst. The first sitting of the new Land Court will in all probability not be held until early next month. It is understood that the appointment of a registrar and deputy-registrar will be deferred. As the outcome of Mr. J. Laurie's trip to Europe to push the sale of Australian timbers, it is reported that he had just received a large order for mahogany, on which he expects to make a handsome profit. A defendant in the Boat Harbour Small Debts Court, on the Bench delivering a verdict against him, said "it is the most scandalous verdict I ever heard of." He was compelled to apologise to the Bench. The Queen has just lost an old servant. Mr. Watson, who was for fifty years an assistant in the library at Windsor Castle, has died. The Queen sent a wreath for the funeral and also a message of condolence to the widow. Two youths named Henry Evans and John Murray were charged at Perth last week with outraging a young woman named Fanny Cronin. They filled her mouth with sand to prevent her screaming. They stand remanded for eight days. A child named O'Gorman, 9 years old, whose parents reside at Albion Park, Kiama, is re- ported to have died from the effects of a fright produced at a juvenile game, in which the re- presentation of a ghost appeared. The shock to the nervous system brought on paralysis. The Hon. David Buchanan addressed a very large meeting at Armidale last Saturday, on the subject of Protection. The motion pro- posed — "That a policy of Protection was necessary to the best interests of this country" — was carried amidst tremendous cheering. The people of Wagga have raised £380 for the benefit of Mrs. Eppel, widow of the man murdered in their vicinity by Riley. Of this amount £24 has been expended in connection with the funeral, tombstone, &c.;, and the balance, £356, forwarded to Mrs. Eppell, Goombungee. Patrick Hayes, who died at Parramatta on Sunday last was about 80 years of age, a native of Sydney, and has resided in Parra- matta for over half a century. He claimed to be the first man to cross the Clarence Bar, when he went to that place 60 years ago with a consignment of cattle. They have wits among the Salvation lasses in India. One of the damsels of the Army was selling the newspaper of her party, when she got an opportunity of vending some two specimens of the masher. These lisping youths, having purchased papers besought the blessing of the Army through its agent. And the girl bestowed her benediction unkindly, thus : — "Gentlemen,— May the Lord make your hearts as soft as your heads." 