I SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS. Spiiittumsin lms ivoiuvcu a greet iinp«\\.u3 by the exhibition uf photograph* of spirits since tho Paris Congress. Credulous people at onoo begau to haYO strange visions, founded oh ths belief that however tricky mediums might ho, the photographic pinto oarruot lie. Jiut it has or can bo made to adopt the Bulfouriun habit of ooueuating the troth However sceptical a person may he, should Ik> viait tho slmlio of Mr. Salmon, in East Putney, he will be inclined to •xclaim *1 There uro more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philo sophy.” There will bo shown hy the cour teous urtistr a photograph of a young.man who uoramitted •uhauU in a garden, 'tliu buttle that contained the fatal laudanum lying on tlid ground .near bin huud. Over the body hovers tho disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity for tho eluy beneath. TUo spirit, inpalpablo and wi*ty, . in what tho Scotch call the wraith, ft belief that lias been handed, down front the fttieicnt Egyptians. Another photagiaph L that of t* mtiu seated at a table, while opposite, with tho head resting on its elbows, bits a spirit.: So immaterial is tho latter that tho part of tho table between its laxly (it n spirit hua u body) and elbows can bo seen through the arms. Scores of other photo graphs were shown to tho interviewer— spirit* hovering round persons, floating in the air, mystorioKS hands in all positions, some Milky, Homo and, Bomo with uplifted finger us if warning against disaster. il But buroly tho people who receive su«h Tisifenutssaffc-r considerable nervous prostra tion, uud they ocrtuinly look happier than tho tpuiUif ” Tho artist, with a Laugh, ropEeu, “ They nover aeo tho spirits at nil. I manufacture tho ghosts myself. X expect you to bo surprised, but I hope not as inuig nitufc hs a eelobrated lady in tk» spirit a,ills tic world, who called upou mo a few days ago. She woe u Gnu beliovcr in spiritualism, und was partly converted bysomoof my published photographs, blaring lmnted mo for some timo tfhe found mo here, uiul wanted mo to photograph tho spirits trim visited her. Sho regarded mo with some amount of a wo as a dealer in tho uncanny sights of the'world; but her rovOTonco soou disappeared when I explained my process.*' *‘IIow do you predneo a spirit photo graph r—“ well, there aro several way*. This ouc,H he said, pointing to n man in a chair asleep with a spirit stundiug near him, “ was done by tirst jdiotographiug a man in tho ordmary way wi th a black cloth back ground. Tbon unothei*'person draped^ in ghostly gunuenta stands in the required position, but u Iittl-o ohfc of foatia to prevent tho ontlines being too sharp and cor poreal. Light is thou only on tho Hpirifc, and the umo negative us used before is ex posed a retxmd tame, and all tho rest of tho hold being black, the spirit only is photo graphed. Of suurso, tho second exposure is long or than with ordinary amount uf light, but this adds to tho ghostliuesH.” “ But how do yon muko them ?o impal pable and uncanny F* I{ Tho nk>ii\ m;est be perfectly dark, and on the ghost only a ray of sunlight fallaj while close- to the lens a sheet of line gurmris hung, and it in the gatiy.c which «irc3i a elon l-like, Iraniuou.s appearance to the spirit’u outlines.” ** This cuunot bo do*o in a dark room, fur it is bread daylight, uud yofc thu spirit is ad dressing tho wan 1* tho gnrdon seat, and tho mils of the seat can bo seen through tho spirit's form P’*~“No, m such a picture L I have to take the photograph and expose it a second timo, tlio nmu. still in the Bumo | position, only tho ghost is added. If ghost 1 and man wero taken togothor, tho rails would i not appear through the HpiritVfonn. I hare still another method. Look at this.** It was u puthwtic photograph of a lady looking with piteous eyas at the head of ft child posed as if coming hoadforemo.d from henrou. *• TU.h is a popular ono,” fluid the artist, ** Bugges tive of tho intercourse between Uriug.and dead, but tlio must material of ull iu prepara tion. The spirit head id only that of a wax doll, mtlver out of focus, to prevent it being rocognked aa *uuh. This i« photographed flissfe, and the p£tee oh the grontul glu.ss out aiilo the plate is marked, so that when the sitter ootm>fl «ho takes such a jx>sitiim that the ungel heud ready to greot her, when it is printed off. is not interfered with at tho HecsHid exposure. A similar method is used in thU oho. It was outlctl 1 Tlio Ghost of tho Bil liard -ixioia,’. ra which’tho; forerunner^.of lUiborteis standing at the olhov/ of a plajxjr, whethea* to mur-or muloj tlw stroke does, r.ot ^ “ Mediums do not bless yon, Mr. Salmon, I suppessf”. “ No, I am nnatlicma to them, hut next month some spirit photographs aro to be repnnluiaxl in tho ‘ milium* of a girl stH.*n at soveral /Keu/Jecvt and marked wTith a sabro out on her face, proving her identity. I flhaU also with a stroke of paint on my apirit’ri face produce some photographs Mmilar to those promised next month, and I,am quite sure they will be produced in the sumo way. Th0 >tb«vo sketch was taken yesterday, the baud of death covering tho lady’s fciee, whiuh ran be soon through tho, bony arras in tbb photo- I ■ graph,*- ' . ■ . ; 