THE FLOOD AT CHARTERS TOWERS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) March 30. This has certainly been the most disastrous week in the records of the district, and although the town itself has escaped both hurricane and flood, we yet scorn in the middle of the conse- quences. As I write the river is some 15ft. over the bridge, and by last accounts was rising slowly, while the sandy cutting this side was almost filled up. Inspector Mincham, however, has had men at work and talks of an early clearance. The commencement of the trouble with us was last Sunday. During the night the rain squalls became more frequent and violent. The rain increased in violence till about mid- day on Monday, and at that time the water was going down in one stream from side to side of Dean-street and part of Gill-street. The hardest part of the storm was between 1 and 2 o'clock, but all day business was little thought of and groups gathered in sheltered corners to discuss the one special topic of interest-the river. The river rose rapidly until it had attained a height which is still debated as , the highest ever known. Such a backing up of water as would follow this must cause considerable mis- chief, and great anxiety was felt as to the safety of the many outside settlers and miners who might be in danger. Sandy Creek claimed the first victim in an elderly man named Jacobson, who was washed from his horse and drowned while trying to reach home; his body was re- covered by the police next day. There were many others about whom anxiety was felt but one after another they have been pronounced safe. The chief interest naturally centred in the safety of the people at the little township of Sellheim, which extends from a mile this side of the Burdekin down to the Great Day Dawn battery on the bank. To all who lived along the river Monday night was a time of dread. Whole families had to be rescued, and there were no boats. Poor Swanson, a young fellow who was said to be an excellent swimmer, was drowned while trying to save the family of a brother linksman. Another young fellow was more fortunate and completed the work with great courage. Several houses were submerged or washed away during the night, and morning broke upon a scene of desolation. The water was up to the roof of some parts of the battery. It was then known that a family named Hoare, living not far from the mill, had taken refuge in a tree, and that at any moment they might be drowned. Fortunately the line was all right-both rail and wire-and a telegram was sent to Sub-inspector Meldrum for help. Meantime a gallant attempt at rescue was made from the mill in some kind of trough used there, and with board paddles. The only wonder was that, with such a frail and un- wieldly craft, there were no further accidents. To reach the unfortunates against a current running many miles an hour was, however, quite impossible, so there was nothing to be done but hope that they might hold on till town help came. Another family was known to be in danger on the other side of the line. Both were saved, in each case through the use of canvas boats, which were fortunately available in town. One is the property of Mr. George Carey, and the other belonged to the late Captain Mawel. Mr. Carey is justly proud of having introduced these boats, and has promised further information on the subject ; it is enough here to say that they are cheap, take to pieces, and can be carried on a pack- horse and that no railway or squatter's station, certainly no police-station, should be without so simple and effectual a means of saving life. As you will see by exchanges, the local Press has been most severe upon the railway be- wilderments. On Tuesday morning, before the distress telegram reached here, people were most anxious to get down to the river and see what was the matter. Mr. Lissner, M.L.A., went out to the station to see what could be done, but in vain. Mr. Dillon's position was somewhat that of " the boy who stood on the burning deck." All communication was cut off from his superiors, and the regulations made no provision for being so cut off. Another thing. By the wisdom of the powers only one engine was available ; in fact it might easily have been that none would have been within reach, yet to the ordinary mind it would seem that out of the many locomotives idle in Townsville, par- ticularly after the last flood, it would have been wise to allow one for special duty at Charters Towers, where there are ample sheds. It would also seem to outsiders that in such an emergency the flood should have been carefully watched from the line, and that when the waters reached a dangerous level help should have been obtained. However, no train could be sent without leave, and even when Warden Mowbray, with Inspector Meldrum and others, came around with the telegram asking for help, and with the knowledge that a poor woman was in extreme peril, still holding on to the tree, with baby at breast and another child clinging to her, with the chance of her slipping off at any moment, it was not enough to lay the ghost of wretched officialism. It needed the additional reminder that if anything happened there would be a responsi- bility for manslaughter attached to refusing the warden's demand for a train. I find that I must conclude abruptly, as the mails will be sent down by a train that goes this evening, so that I must leave additional details for another letter. I cannot, however, close without mentioning the splendid conduct of the police throughout this trying time; they have been on solitary expeditions for saving others, and have in all cases shown the good material they are made of. In addition to Sergeant Kennedy, Mr. Hoyde and a young man named Buchanan were conspicuous for their brave help at the Burdekin. 