Wills and Bequests. Honorable Caleb Joshua Jenner, late of Morning ton, for many years Member of the Legislative Council of Victoria, by his will dated October 29, 1879, and pre «mted for probate by Messrs. Brahe and Gair, solicitors, appointed Charles Andrew's, of Gleelong, warehouseman, and Walter Beaumont New, of Brighton, accountant, executors, and his wife; Eliza Ann, executrix. He be queathed to his dear wife, Eliza Ann, all his furniture, horses, carriages, china, glass, pictures, linen, provisions and articles of domestic use 5 and the residue of his estate to his trustees upon trust, and directed them to realise his estate ; and to pay to his wife for life an annuity of £800 by equal quarterly payments. They are to pay the residue of the estate in equal parts to his children, those being males on reaching 25 years, and those being daughters on attaining that age or marry ing with the consent of their guardians. The daugh ters' shares are to be held in trust by the trustees and the income paid to them during their life and after wards to their children. During the time his children are attaining 25 years the income from their shares under the will is to he used for their maintenance and education. He allowed his executors 5 per cent, for administering the estate. He declared it being his particular wish that his estate shall not be made the subject of litigation, or be administered by, or in any Court of Judicature. In order to avoid as far as possible the necessity for any litigation in relation to his estate, he hereby declared that if any person beneficially interested in his estate, or in the income of the same, or any part thereof, shall, either himself or herself institute any suit in any Court of Judicature, and shall not allege or prove to the satisfaction of such court or judge, that the executors against whom such suit is instituted have of has'been guilty of some wilful default, rendering such, action necessary to save his estate, the costs of such ' action shall be paid out of the share of such plaintiff. By a codicil dated March 81, 1884, he appointed the Trustees, Executors,"and Agency Company, Limited, of 37 Queen-street, Melbourne, executors of his estate, in the place of Charles Andrew, Walter Beaumont New and his wife. The testator died on Juua-22, ;1890, and his will was sworn at £82,642^fe^a^-.arnd--£^8,"fe55; per sonal. Total, £120,667. /'"" ; li/v" ' : 2 AUli JU)»; Josephine Charlotte Nolan,data of-Weinberg; Eoad, Hawthorn, married woman, by her will-dated March 20th, 1890, and presented for probate by Mr. . J. Maloney, solicitor, appointed her husband, Joon Nolan, executor. She gave her husband a life interest in her property, and on his death it is to be equally divided amongst her four children, John, James, Catherine aud William. The testatrix died on the April 6th, i890, t/ and her will was sworn at £5,000 real and £550 personal; 'total,' £5,550. PjLTKIOK Timothy Sarsfleld John Ward, late, of Henrietta street, Hawthorn, by his will, dated( July 18,, 1890, and presented for probate by Mr. M. Mornane, solicitor,; appointed Be v. John G-raber, of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Bast .Melbourne, Roman Catholic Clergy- . tman, and Matthias.Larkin, of Clarendon-street,, South ,, Melbourne, auctioneer, executors. He left ,£.1000. to s, his uncle Lawrence Ward, or if dead, in,equal parts, t» , . his children, and the residue of his.estate equally to..his,,, uncles Peter Ward, of Harcourt, and James and Thomas Ward, of Ardin County, South Ireland. , The, testator died October 11, 1889, and his, will ,was sworn ,, at £3,997 real, and £210 personal. Total, £4,207. , Ellen Mary Keenan, late of Henrietta-street, Haw- : thorn, widow, by her will dated July 9th, 1889,'and presented for probate by' Mr. M. Mornane, solicitor* 1 appointed her brother, Patrick Ward (ho w* deceased), her brother-in-law, Edward Keenan,' of Winchelsea licensed victualler, and' Matthias Larkih, of Clarendon street, South Melbourne, auctioneer, executors. She left £100 each to Agnes and Mary Ke'enahj and the residue to her daughter Kathleen Mary on her attain ing her majority. If she dies before reaching that ag her share is to go to liar (testatrix's) brother, Patrick Ward. The testatrix died July 11th, 1890, and her will was sworn at £3150 real and £102 personal; total; £3552. EIjIZA'U&th; Watson, formerly of 5(1 Oliapel-strcct, South Yarra,'but lately of 11 Cromwell-road, Hawks-'-, burn, widow, by "her will dated August 11, 1880, and presented for probate by Messrs. Madden and Butler, solicitors,' appointed llcv. Thomas Edward Owens Moll, of Malvern- road, Toorak, Congregational minister, and Honorable James Munroj of Kooyong- road, Armadale, member of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria for Ge'olong, executors. She gave to her daughters sur viving her in equal parts all her wearing apparcF jewellery, trinkets and other articles of personal use' the'stock-in-trade and the good will of the business1 crockery merchant, carried on by testatrix, and all other personal estate absolutely.. She devised her real estate to licr trusto s upon trust, as to her farm at Borp mdara, known as Valis Aralc, to give, effect to the right of' purchase granted to Mr. Waliis if he shall lawfully exercise the same, and realise the residue, anil pay: the income arising therefrom to her daughters, who are to maintain testatrix's younger children until, the youngest child attains the age of 21. Then the residue of the estate is to be divided equally amongst her children. By,a codicil.dated January 25> 1S89, she revoked the bequest in her will to licr son John Watson, of .Chapol-stroet,, South Yarra, estate agent, and bequeathed the same to his wife, Jane Elizabeth Watson, of Somerset Villa, No. 8 Wilson street, South Yarra. By a second codicil, dated January 28,1889, the share of the real estate bequeathed to her daughter Emily, late wife of James Allen, is directed to bo distributed in equal shares between her daughter Jessie, her sous William- Arthur find Alfred Edward Watson, and her daughter-in-law, Jane Eliza beth Watson. The testatrix died on Juno 9, 1890, and her will-was sworn at £1-100 real and £7S7 personal. Total, £2187. Eowbaiuj John Shaw, late of Corack, farmer, by his • will' dated February, 1890, and presented for --probato by Mr. G-.'F. -Oakley, solicitor,"Donaldappointed Tudor George Shaw and John Shepherd, both „.of Corack farmers, executors. He left £100 each to1 his mother,' Ann Shaw, of Amhurst, and his sister, Alice Ad a Sb'a'v' and the residue of his estate absolutely to his brother, Tudor George Shaw. The testator, died on February 22nd, 1820, and his will was sworn at £2200 personal. MloUABljjMcGivorn, late of Munro House, Burwood Road, Hawthorn,.by ,his'.will dated June -1, 1890, and prcsonted for probate by Messrs. Madden and Drake, solicitors; appointed; his wife, Mary MeGivorn, solo executrix. -Ho dovisod unto his eldest daughter Mary Ann JMcGivorn, his Lpioee of land in Park Mill lload, Kow, and "the'residue of his cstatu to his wife abso-. lutoly. The testator died on Juno 25, 1890; and 'his will was sworn at £3118 real and £81 personal. Total £8,1-19. 1 ' Mauoauhjt Tomhy, late? of Gluncs,- hotelkoeper, by her will dated Juno, 1890, and presented for probate by Mr. ,D. E. Braysliay, solicitor, appointed The;Trustees Executors,'and Agency Company, Limited, of 37 Quoon stroot,Melbourne, and Josoph Edwin Meyers, of Clunesj wine and spirit merchant, executors. .She bequeathed' £10 to her nioco, Annie Sinclair ;; £10 to St; Thomas Acpiinas:-Boman Catholic Church; duties j and £50 to her- trustees for;;tho .purpose; of erecting a' tombstone over testatrix's grave. . The residue'of her estate she bequeathed * to >hcr trustees upon.?trust,< and direoted - them to pay;a sum not exceeding £100 annually to lior ^istoiy.Anuio Sinclair, of Albert-street,':Ballarat, board inghouse koopor, whom; she appoihted.guardian of ,liof children, Lilian Jane and Edward John 1'omby, for the purpose of education and maintenance . of the Baid children until such period as may bo determined'liy her trustees. The^balance of the income accruing from her catato'shb :directed her trustoos to .pay to, Ivor mother (luring her lifo, arid she directed- that her''sister shall, when her daughter arrives at 11: years, send her to the Sisters of Moroy College, Ballarat, there to remain until alio roaohos slxtoon, and she also directed licr to send her sou, ou attaining 11 years, to tlie Iloly Ghost College, Ballarat, or any other college connected with the Roman Catholic Church, there to remain until he reaches the age of sixteen. On her daughter reaching the age of 23, the .residue of the estate is to, be divided equally between her ancl her brother. If neither of them roaches that age, she left £200 each: to Annie Sinclair- (her sister) ; her niece, Margaret Ann Sinclair £100 to George 15dward Sinclair, William Henry Sinclair, , Samuel UaviiL Sinclair, Catherine Jane . Sinclair, Emily .'.Edith Sinclair and Margaret Bryons ; £50 each to Annie and Jane Tcmby, of Sm'eaton-road, Clinics ; £200 to the Sisters of Nazareth; Home, Ballarat, and the .residue of ^ her estate to such Roman Catholic churches and charities as her trustees may deem advisable. The testatrix died Juno 21, , 1S90, .and lier .will was sworn at £850 real and 1 £1962 personal. Total, £2812. .... ;• : , Mahgaket Cullen, late of Emu Fiat, widow, by licr, will dated June Gtli, 1882, and presented for probitoby. Messrs. Hart and Benjamin, solicitors, appointed John Whelan,, of .Pyalong, farmer, executor. : She left her. estate to her children. The testatrix died Juno 8th, 1819, and her will was sworn at £2000 real and £300 personal; total, £2,300. Mary Helen Swan, late of Stawell, widow of the late N.Walter Swan, journalist, by her will dated Janu- ary 31st, 1889 and presented for probate by Godfrey and Bullen,. solicitors, appointed her son, Walter Blakely Swan, of Stawell, journalist, executor. She left to her said son £200, and 20 shares in the Stawell News' and Pleasant Creek Chronicle newspaper, and the residue of her estate in equal parts to her four daughters, their shares to be paid, to them on their attaining the age of 23. Her last (unnamed),daughter is to have her house-and furniture. She committed her children to the care of the Rev. Samuel Kelso," Presby- terian minister of Stawell; Peter Galbraith, of Stawell, mining manager ; and her sister, Bridget O'Brien. The testatrix died June 4th, 1890, and her will was sworn at £250 real and £2767 personal; total, £3017. Alexander Campbell, late of Punt Road-Hill,' South Yarra, gentleman, by his will dated August 31st, 1SS2, and presented for probate by Messrs. R. S. Anderson and Son, solicitors, appointed his dear wife Mary Ann Campbell, executrix, andllcv. Allen McVcau, oC Brums-' wick, Presbyterian minister, and Robert Fullarton, of St. Vincent Place, South Melbourne, executors, lie deft liis widow £100 and liis residence in Caroline-street,' South Yarra, and tho residue of his estate to his chil dren. The testator died May 2oth, 1890, and his will was sworn at £1-100 real and £20-10 personal; total, £3-1-10. Jambs Carroll, late of Bullcngarook,/farmer," by his. will dated April 17, lSUO^and presented for probate "by Mr.-. J.; Hall, solicitor, , appointed -.his,-wife,v Margaret Carroll, executrix, and John Joseph Gallivan, of Gis bornc^Roman Catholic clergyman, executor. Ho left Ills'farm.; at Bullengarook, with the stock thoroon, to his son, Michael; and lie is to pay 'to testator's .daughter, .Catherine, £200 ; to -his wife, Margaret, £100 ; and he is to maintain testator's wife, and allow her to reside on the farm liouso. Ho left £200 each to - Mary, Bridget, Margaret, and Julia Carroll, his daughters, and the residue of his estate to his wife. The,testator died June 9, 1890, and his will was sworn at £1000 real, and £1200 personal. Total, £2200. Rohkiit Holdoh|Stono,late of Cr mar road, Ohelleh 'ham, formerly of Brighton, onginoer, by his will, which is undated, appointed his wife, Margaret, executrix, and left* her all- his estate absolutely. Tire testator died Juno 22, 1S90, and his will was sworn . at' £2110 real, and £218 personal. Total, £2323. OwauJjKS -Marshall Fisher,. latu -of >-thu - Exchange,' Collins-street, Molbpiirno, ,'stoelc and 'share broker, by Btrcot, Melbourne, under powor of attorney from the deceased's wife, who is residing at 19 'TroboviFroacir Earl's Court, in the county of Middlesex, lie,left an annuity of £150 to.his mother andHuthor during their joint llvos, and to tho survivor of tlfoih during his or ;her life. Tho rusiduo of his ostulo lio loft to his wife -absolutely. The testator died .on,..April--29; >1890, at, Monte Carlo, and his will was swonv'tit1 £-1537*real." and £-12,372 personal. Total, £-16,909. ; • ■ .^A'^y^fjJamos,Taylor, lulu of .11 -Trudogay Square, ;Milo> End, Loudon; formerly of No."3, KorbesrTorraoo, noyISTowT-'So u hi iVAViil oat gontlornan, by his will datocl Novombur 2-1 th, 1886, and presented for propate by Mr. JI. S; Barrett, solicitor;' Ballarat; .appointed/John Thomas Walker, of 133 Hana -sfc.roofc;', Ballarat, furniture dealer, executor, ancVEHka-' /both Morrison; of 8TWebstor-stroot; Ballarat, marrioci woman, oxoeutrix. He bequoatliod the iticomo . at-lsi utr from £1000 lodged in tlidNaUohal Bank of Axislralasirb Hamilton, to his wlfo, Annio^Ellzaboth^Tayloivtof Muddy Greek, South Hamilton, for life. On Ivor death this sum is to Ko to Mrs/Botsy Hualay^ioiunorly of^ 133 Dana-street, Ballarat, who is bequeathed, the rosklub of the estate, The testator died ou ,Maroli 18th, 1890, and his will was sworn at £2500 personal, . 