WAS IT A GHOST? A DOCTOR'S SXOI1Y. I had been sent for iu great haste, and had fancied that I was needed in some extremely critical case, for the hour was nine in the evening, and the night a stormy one. What then, was my surprise, when I had been -ushered into a handsome parlor in one of the best hotels, to find, sitting in a large arm-chair, and with no appearance of ill-health about her, a very beautiful woman whom I knew to be an actress of position, and had often admired upon the stage. She was dressed iu a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Her maid, a Spanish-looting woman with a beautiful olive skin, remained standing near the window. " You look surprised, doctor," the lady began, motioning me to a seat, ** You will be more so before you leave me. I am not ill and I can see that you know that at a glance. * " You certainly are looking well, madam," said I, "I am feeling well," said she. "The question that I desire to ask you, as a man who has made the brain in some degree a speciality, is—Am I mad? You need not mind my maid; she speaks no English. I want you to give me your opinion. Do you think me insane ?" "This is a very difScuilt question, madam," said I. " A doubt of vour rationality would never have occurred to me. Besides, insane people seldom guess their condition. However, you must have some reason for asking the question ? "-A- very grave one," she answered. " Either I am out of my mind or there are such things as ghosts." "There are optical illusions also, Siadam," said I. "But illusion of the senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once— would that not be madness r" asked she. " JSot if you were aware they were illusions," I answered, M But they seem real to me," said the lady—" oh, so real! I suppose you read the stories about me in the papers P You have heard of the man who killed himself for love of me ■" " The Frenchman ?" I asked, " To tell the truth I have read of it." "They said J was cruel to him," said the lady, growing somewhat excited. " X was not, 1 was kind at first, but he dogged my footsteps and threatened my life, JVot at first, of course, but alter I bad accorded him an interview, and refused him as gently as a woman could refuse a man. He wanted me to marry hitii. He was rich, of good family, he wa-3 honorable,, and very, very much in love. But I—bow could I love a stranger ? And he wras ugly—a great savage looking creature, After that he tried to kill me. He shot at me. I had him arrested, and he committed suicide in prison. She paused and shuddered.. " It is he who comes" she added, ' "Naturally," said I, "you have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams are so vivid t^at you fancy them actual occur ences." " I knew you would say that," she sighed,." but I have very vivid dreams for in them friends who have been dead for years come to me. But When I awake X knew that I have been dreaming. This is different. My ghost—or my madness—conies to ine upon the stage." "t Upon the stage!" I repeated. Yes, she answered, " He says I shall not act again.. I was playing a week ago when he came. He often comes, but never before did he touch me. This time he laid his hand up^n my arm and whispered: " 1 tell you you must retire from the stage! I exact this penalty of you. The next time you tread* the boards I will kill you," " Weil ?" Eaid I. "I fainted/' said the lady; tfand fortunately it was the correct'thino- to do at the moment. Only my fellow actors guessed the swoon to be a real one. But the next dav I cancelled my engagement. I declared myself jp; truth is I was very much tnghtened. I had grown used to his staring and pointing to his throat, but when it came to touching me and speaking——" \- She paused, shuddering violently. Yours is a case of disordered nerves, madam," said I. " J advise you to take a holiday." "I don't dare to go on acting!" she gasped. " Don't you see that ? "Why, I really believe you don't know why I am so troubled. In the very prime of life, with everything I value at my hand, I must sink into obscurity —retire on a small sum of inonev, when I might make an immense fortune—give up the applause I Jive for, that I adore—and all because a ghost will have it so!" The tears rose to her beautiful eyes. She wiped them away aud forced a laugh. " Oh, you know, I had rather think j myself a little out of my mind than to feelieve in my ghost J" said she. *So should I,' said I, 'If you wi'l take may advice, you will pive vour self a holiday, surround yourself with friends, and forget your hallucinat ion, for it is one. You are just a little Upset, aud it will pass.' I wrote a prescription. ' Take this at night' I said. 'I asfetfi-e you that science has distinctly jirdvefd^he" fact that ghosts xlo not appear to any one.' Shortly I went my way. The fee sent me greatly exceeded my usual one, and the next day I read in the papers that Madame had taken her physician's advise, and would spend a twelvemouth in Southern Europe. # * * * It was more than a year, however, before I saw on the walls of the finest theatre in the city the announcement of Madame s ' reappearance. She was to play her favourite role, aud the papers were full of paragraphs con cerning her. She was, they said, handsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming than ever. Seats at the theatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks i® advance, and at fancy prices. As I had my fortune yet to make I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to attend on the first night, but I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats and white tie. The house was full of the most elegant people in the city, The com pany was fine—the music excellent. The curtain rose upon the unim portant characters who always usher j in a play, and finally the door at the back of stage was flung open by a servant, and Madame —:— entered. A roar of applause greeted her. The papers were right. She was hand somer than ever. Her role was one to call forth all her art. She did not fail. As the play proceeded I noticed, however, that she occasionally glanced in the direction of one of the side scenes in a way I did not like. And as the curtain rose upon the last act there seemed to me a longer wait than usual at the time when she should have entered ; however she came. She advanced to the foot-lights. The part she played placed lier in that scene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. She turned and faced them. They flourished weapons in the air. She addressed them, her tall form drawn to its height. My memory of the play was that at this moment succour arrived, but it occurred to me that the scene was changed. Prom the midst of the mob a strauge wild figure rushed forth. I saw it bat for a mo ment. It threw back the collar of its coat and revealed a red gash across its throat, and flung out its hand towards her.. I saw it but for a moment, wondering what connection it had with the play; then I saw Madame fall forward on her face. The curtain fell. The house was in an uproar of excitement. A moment after a call was made for a docter. I was first to answer it. A littlegroup of physicians gatherer! about the beautiful form they had lifted to the sofa ; but w^e saw at a glance that we looked upon a dead woman. For my part a horror beyond that which sudden death inspires possessed me. " you notice the moment at which she fell ? ' I asked a prominent physician who stood near aud whom I knew well. " Yes," said he," as she spoke the last word of her defiance.. Her friends were about to appear. " " I fancied one of the populace— the one who touched her, who had blood upon hiui^ frightened her, " I said. *' Oh no one touched her, my dear fellow, lie said. " There is nothing of that sort in the play. She awed them by her manner, you know. Good heavens, what a sad thing this is!. " " It is horrible, " I answered. I think so still. JSo one but myself had seen the man with blood upon his throat, unless she did, and unless I am bound as a medical man to disbelieve what is true,, there are such things as ghosts. 