GHA.PTER XVII. POETAT, PBOSE, AND THE DEAD SWIMMEE. FROM Verona to Como is a day's jour ney. Under any circumstances, there is no monotony in it, bat travelling is plea* sant companionship it is perhaps oqe of the most delightful qf continental rail- way journeys. The scenery is never un- interesting, and there are always in the qistance fine ranges of snow capped mountains. Tho liappy English party from Venice, it need hardly be said, found the'trip full of a new and special interest. Dolly was radiant. It needed no psychological student to discover that Sam Swynford was the selection'of her heart. It he bad been- wise in his entitnatiou of femnle character, he ought ta have discovered in his earliest acquaintanceship, w^th Jenny's lively sister that "get "^tai^d of£> ishness " and sallies ol wit at his expanse were only féminins indications ot interest, if «ot lore. It was perhaps a little feline, while sile purred to uialo> her loror con- scious of an occasional scratch. Had the amiable young stockbroker responded with the manful intimation that lie was The truth is the two pretty young woman were as much ah ive the average of their sex iu genuine amiability as they were in appearance ami inmuers. They had, in the course of their education und training, annexed unconsciously some of tho snobbishness of the upper middle class in small social victories ; de- lighted in bsiug received in a higher grade of society thau their neigh, boura; found iu social success of this iud, greater pleasure than should belong to the honest performance of their home duties; liked nf course to be ad- mired rather for their beauty than their intellectual qualities ; wert» ambitious more or less selfishly for distinction iu their husbands that they, the wives, might assume the rôle of superior persons ; were, iu fact, good woman with women's weaknesses. No hostess was more gracious thau Hrs. Milbauke, nor more successful iu her popular little parties, and D illy might well bu envied for her high spirits, her healthful constitution, lier bright eyes, and her unquestioned beauty. Ptil:p Forsyth had bjeu proud to he seen u I - iug her iu tho teats of Vanity Fair, prjuJ of tho envy he excite! as her prospectivo husband. But Sam Swyufor.1, in his more coinmouplacq uature, had ptid far higher tribute to Doily's natural fascina- tions than was possible to Philip Forsyth. Sara had no ambition apart from her. In every speculation bo was inspired with tho hope qt a futura with Dolly, rio ftduiiuistere 1 to her vanities in every way that was possible to his position as her admirer and an iutitnite friend of tho family. He rtiiuuinhm-od all the days in which she WAS ap K-iaiiy intarestoi -Christinas, tho New Year, St. Valen- tine's, Eistor, her hirtiiday, Jenny'* birthday, Walter's birthday. Site al.vnys liai excellent tasta iu the chm'o nt' flowers, the biudiugs of books, an 1 th . selection af dainty bits of brie-a-brack But Jeauy could nit forget that S vu ha 1 in his ape .ch n s ¿gostinn ot' North Conni ry dialect, ajd was a lirtlo imltiiel to overdress, took n<> piius to cultivate aristocratic .society, an! was, aftjr ali, only a stockbroker; SJ th.it vr.ua Philip Forsyth, with hi* distinguished style aud manner, his cristie p -usp sets, his promis- ing Positionen society, nud his uitable .circle of friends, caine along ai a rival to Swynford, Mn*.'Milbank* tojk Dolly's futur© into her hands a id brought about the engagement wliich had ended so disastratisiv. S.iti uo.v congratulated herself aud her thro.! comblions on contiuuiug their Italian holiday with the now lov,e and being entirely off with the old, and confessed to Walter that there was something nobler in life than s mic of the aims which had engrossed her ambition, upon the sunken rocks of which she hal nearly wrecked Dolly's future ; bat W titer would not hear the s nallest thought of self-abasement oa the part of his pretty and affectionate wife, and he YQsveq* that be had always felt son show or other th it everything would onie right for Dolly, although he wai anxious to i make believe that if aayo ie was to blame for haitciiug that unfortunate engage- ment it WAS (io himself. Altogether the p irty was und jr the in- fluence of affectionate self-denial aud mutual congratulation upou the course events had taken. At present they did not, from a sympathetic point of view, feel the shadow of Philip Forsyth'« strange disaffection, and they had no knowledge of that sensation which the Ghost of the Lagoons hal created in Venice. They arrived at Como, a picturesque city at the head of the famous lake, where Walter had secured rooms in tho best hotel iu the Square by tfie quay where you take tho lake steamers or hire rowing boats, After au excellent diuuer Waltei ami Swynford sat in the balcony, smoked their cigars, and watched thc sunset Dolly aud Jenny unpacked their valise« and talked over the day's adveuturos. The next morning they were to go or to Bellaggio. Sam and Walter were uf with the lark, interested in studying th« picturesque and busy secularisation o Sunday ia Italy, which is strikingly il lnstrated in this little city of Como Jugglers, hawkers, veudors of icoc drinks, aud holiday people were iu tin Square from the earliest hour ou Sunda; morning. Later, there were steamer arriving with bands of music aud demo oratio societies out for the day. Member of rival and frienlly associations mo these political combinations on the quiy where they palavered aud oxchangei emphatic civilities. Their bauds S wyn ford csnsidered to be nearly as bad a those of the Salvation Army in England he hoped they had not travelled nil t!ia distance to make tho acquaintance of sue' ribald iqustc. Walter discoursing with bystander, discorero 1 that the'musician were hircGfj for sucli occasions as tues 5 b; political administrators aud tho Odd I Fellows aud Foresters of Italy. Tue baauers of these Orders yore however, more easily carried than th »s » ^t- iour English fraternises. They did not indulge iu those trem m-i ms pictures which in Engiaud stretch rig.ifc^ arres i the streets aud are bim J alit'tialrgi winds with much Sweat aud strugihi by even the strongest and douait ¡esl or' O ll Follows a id tho most stalwart of R»bin Hoods. The Square of Como.was visry busy all Sunday, aud so were fha stouts buay with the people who were shopkeeping, going to eiiureh, marketing, Bulbing,, and working. At uiglit the vocalists were -in the ascendancy, hut as Waiter remarked, tiley did siug and were not drunk. They awoke tlie echoes of the surrounding hilts with madrigals aud chorus, if t he Square of C.uno had hean a thoroughfare in au English city those bauds of workmen and holiday-makers wjuld, it is to bo feared, have been roaring out some music-hall or hiccoughing a vulgar chorus of the slums. "One goes fron hosiie," said Walter, "not ouiy to seo bow great Eugland is itt many tui-igs, but how small, uot t > say brutal, she may be in ot herd." lu tim afternoon our English travellers said their pr.iyors with the rest of the chu.rch-g.jiug community, and towards evening made their fir.it little excursion o í th i lake, wiiicii t'toy navigate 1 in dreamy sunshine on tho morrow. Swe.it itud gentle searcher* after truth hive discovered that Bulwer Lytton adipted hii p tetit* des -riptiou of the Lakj of Come from a foreign source ; other philanthropic critics have at tho same tims ridiculed tito p >em as utterly over- done beiug applied to the famoiiB Italian Uko. Permit a hu obie vvorsliippor of nature, .-iud one w!ie l ives art umo the less, to say that Bider's half pago of suggestive description is only a faint indication of the spirit aud beauty of Lake Como. Why, there is even au hotel at Bellaggio, half way down the lake, which goes near to be worthy of the well-kno.vu Hues : " A palace lifting; to eternal summer, It« marble walla from out a glossy bower Of coolest foliage, musical tvith birds," The like is a shoot of water thirty-five milos iu length, and ev*ry yard of \t a picture of romantic beauly-high sloping, hills that hem you in now andi'then, making not one lake, bnt many ; hills that are clothed with foliage and backed at many points by distant Alp« that are clothed in everlasting suow. As the steamer skirts the shore yon sae that the gardens of the innumerable villas are filled with flowers, that the houses aro of alt descriptions, palaces, cot, tages chalets, lodges, hotels ; as they go high up into the inouutaiua, they dwindle off into cots of viueyard-teuders or herdsmen. It ' is wonderful now/and then to see up in the mountain .villages which look like flight of buildings thas have settled down in clusters as pigeons migiit, all iu a heap, with a few trees about them, and always the sheltering elbows of convenient Alps. The season is late they tell me on the boats aud at the hotel, yet the air is soft and balmy, great bunches of westeria decorate garden walls, lilac, rhododendron, Guelder roses* chustnuts are in full bloom,, und at every village where the steamer touches* men and women ar« sitting out; of doors^ the men swinging their legs overs quay walls, the women sewing or tending children, all in " summery " dresses, and, we have long since discarded wraps and overcoats, and fiud the weather hot enough despite the breeze of a steamer iu rapid motion, Bellaggio is probable the most delightful point of the bike. It is fifteen miles from its northern extremity, and divides tba lake into two branches. Here the travellers commenced their. : delightful experiences of Bellaggio. The weather was like July in England, though the time was nearly May. The sky was characteristically Italian. The windows, of the hotel' wore open. From the great drawing-room came, the voice a prima donna of the lyric stage, whom, some travelling companions had persuaded ta sing a few snatches from w Otehllo " and, " Lohengrin!" The terraces of the hotal were reflected in tho lake in the deep colours of green and pink aud red and yellow, repetitions of grass and flowers. Ou the opposite shore the' lake was bordered by a sweep of architecture that' melted away into hill and dale ; and far off on the right the snow mountains pre- tended they were white clouds capping, the rich blue of the sky. lu ' tho little, town there was a piazza, out of which every now and then ran narrow street ways up to the hills; little streets literally of climbing steps. When you looked up these narrow ways and, saw women coming down with children in their, arms, or men lolling against curious door« ways, you could only wish you were ari artist with nothing else to do but to phi these pictures into black and white for magazines, or better still, into ali their glory of colour for popular picture' galleries. When the lusciousness of full summer comes to to Lake Como, a^nd, rests apon the clustering hills of Bellaggio, aud dreams iu a 6uuny glow down iu the valleys, it is no stretch of fancy to imagine the parfutm-d Hg'it of some ularbie palace stealing through tho mist of alabaster lamps, and every air " Heavy with the sighs Of orange groves and music fr JO 8 »ve ot lute?, And murmurs of low fountains that gush forth I' the midat the roses." "Of course I like the picture," said Dolly, "but not for always, Sam." " How do you mean ?" he asked, pres- sing ber arm as they lounged upon thc terrace watching the light and shade upon the distant bills. "Beautiful for a visit," said Dolly; .'perfectly lovely, but too good for the likes of I, as Waiter's gardeuer says dotvu in the Midlands." " You really feel like that ?" said Sam. " Tm so awfully glad, because I was thinking somewhat in that direct iou." "Really?" she asked. "Indeed, most truly," he said. "I once knew nu odd, simple kind of rich man who owned a palace, iu Worcester- shire, but lived iu the lodge which stood by tho road at bis gates. Of course, Dolly, I could li vd with you, my dear, j auy where, palace or cottage, a garret iu I Bloomsbury or a bijou villa standing in ¡ its own grounds at Kensington." " Sam, you're BO odd !" "Whenlsiid barrat," said Sam, "of course I only meant it as a figure of speech- a façon de parler, AS Walter i would say ; but without you I ran imagine myself in this Bellagio palace longing for a cottage on the hills opposite, or trying to negocíate au exchange of rooms with ene of those loafing peasants who live . at , the top of the uirrow avenuas that give upon the Piazza, where those wrinkled old ! women wo saw this afternoon sell toy distaffs aud bric-a-brac. " Ourthnughtsarecertainlysympvthetic Sim," said Dolly. " I shall often draam ; of this lovely place. If we were to live here we ought to dress in costume, as they do upon the stage. I coull never endure to go about in such scenery in ordinary clothes." "That's because," said Sam, "you never see this kind of thing in pictures without Italian men aud women iu all sorts of fancy dress. The bîst studies of lakes and mountains and waterfalls, with palaces and foreign costumes, seem to me to be like chromos; but wouldn't those subjects for Professor Herkoiner. For- syth would have-" " Don't mention that name. Sam ; not yet, at all events. It makes me feel as if I would like you to slap me in the faee." " Dally !" exclaimed Sam, eutirely for- getting what he was going to say about Forsyth. " It does," said Dolly. " I don't wonder at those strong mea in the Fast Bud of London beating their wives." "Dolly, Dolly," said Sam, with his arm round her waist and " awfully happy," as he told her af terwards, "you'll make me feel miserable if you talk su that way. Besides, fancy driftiug fro ai 'glassy bowers, musical with birds, palaces lifting to eternal summer, aud orange gr.ives heavy with the sighs of music fron sweet lutes,' into the barbar- ism of Whitechapel aud wouieu- beaters ! For goodness' s&kQ;, don't tell Jenny what wo talked of, and dou't mention it to Walter. We shall bo chaffed unmerci- fully. Let us go back to poetry aud sentiment." I "That's the bell for dinner," said Walter Milbanke, coming upon them un- observed, and calling their attention to the sounding gong beyond the terrace. " And here are the English newspapers. Such a discovery, by Jove ! How Comedy and Tragedy do go hand in hind! They have found General Pet ronovitch floating with the tide from the Adriatic into the lagoons, stabbed to the j heart with a dagger on which is en- graved, in Arabic, the word ' Venge- ance.' " " How dreadful !" exclaimed Dolly. "It is believed," continued Walter, " that he was killed on the night of tho illuminations and taken out to sea in nue of the many boats we saw on that exciting night, By Jove, it's worthy of the ancient days of Venice." "I'm glad we didn't stay," remarked Dolly. " Sp am I," said Swynford, " ¿ud you'll excuse me, Walter, if I don't tear my hair over Petronovitch. I feel so awfully happy.!? " ? " " You look it, my boy, you look it. (Jome along, then, we will dismiss the Venetian ghost and try the Bellagio cuisine. I think it's all right. I have interviewed the chef, and discovered a brand of champagne that I thiuk will even astonish you, you City Sybarite !" (To be continued.) Otra Albany correspondent writes under date 21st inst : - Mr. Abraham Larsen, a well-known and old resident of this district, died on Tuesday at Madgetnp. Mr. Larsen arrived in the colony In 1851 or 1852, and had been during the most of this long period in the employ of the Messrs. Hassell, father and sons, 