An Ocean Tragedy. Bv W, CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVI.—cmitmued. WE SIGHT A SCHOONER-YACHT. v "See : that corposant, bit?" rumbled Finn out of the darkness. "Very well, indeed," I answered. "Finn has explained," I continued; " that light is what sailors , call a corpusatit— sometimes comprcesant. If we were Catholics of the Columbian period we should, tumble down upon our knees and favour it with a litany or oblige it with a hymn; butbeing bleak-mihdedPrptestante nil that we can do is to wonder how the deuce it; happens to be burning on such a niglit as tins, for I have seen scores of these corposants in my time, but always either in dead calms or in gales of wind. But there it is, Miss Jennings, an atmospheric exhalation as commonplace as lightning, harmless as the glowworm, . though m its. way one of the most .poetic: of. old o;;c.-u; J .;, hundred suggestions } .'for . how- easy.to imagine • some giant: figure holding that mystic lamp,-whose irradiation blends the vast spirit shape with the gloom and blinds the sight to it, though by watehihg with a- little loving coaxing of fancy one should be able after a bit to catch a glimpse of a pair of large sorrowful eyes or tlve outline of some wan giant face." : . "It is gone," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Hush!" I exclaimed, "we may hear the rustling of pmions by listening." '.••'•"Mr. Monson, you. are ungenerous," elie cried with a hysterical laugh. Suddenly the fight glanced and then flamed at the foretopmast head, where it threw out, though very palely, the form of the lookout man 011 the topgallantyard; whose posture showedfliim to be crouching with his arm over his eyes. " "I dare say. that poor devil up there," I exclaimed, "fully believes;tlie firerbubble to.be a man's ghost." ;•'•". ••'>•'''•'..'.': ;'"•>. '• '. "It is a startling tlimg to see," exclaimed Miss J ennuigs. "But Colonials are too young as a people to be superstitious,", said I. -. "It is only we of the old country, you knoWj . with- ourmoated: granges •• : "What is the hour, Mr. Monson?" • \- "I say, Charles, are you on deck1" shouted Wilfrid from the companion ••• hatch.. • • • • "Ayrhere I am-withvMiss Jennings.< Wlut's the time, Wilfnd, d'ye know?" As I spoke two silver chimes; and then a third, came ^floating, and Tinging from the forecastle—thi-ee bellsf halfrpasbnine.:- ..:•••:•" See that corposant ? 1 ' bawled "Wilfrid ; and lie came . groping up to 11s. " An 1 omen;. by George^" he cried; with an odd: hilarious note- in his voice. " Laura, mark me, that flame isn't shining for nothing. 'Tis a signal light fired by fortune to advise us of some great event at hand." " Quarterdeck there! " came down-the voice of the lookout man, falling from sail to sail, as it seemed m an echo that made the mysterious flame a wild thing to the imagination for. a\\-moment by its coming direct from it. '' Hallo i" roared Finn. , regm&a; alone with it up here." " It is burnt out," cried Finn,rn^a wayfellow. In fact, as tlie sailor called the " light - vanished: . and r .. vthoueh::.we jstood' looking awliile waiting for its reappear ance, we s w no more of it That ocean corpse candle had shone at tlie right moment Likely enough I should have made m^ elf a lit meiry over iny tender and beautiful comp mons fear mxevenge for lier-pouting, pettish wonder ment at the "Tinea me wlucli tlie m te nous "voices had aised m me -'But Wil frid em ined with us for the Te t of tlie evening, and, a I5wa anxious" th t he should know nothing about ^the trange sound, Lforbore all raillery Itwas mid mght when we went to"bed Our talk had been very^ sober,juideecl omewhat jihilosophical in ;it ''•-Way, "with its refe rence to electrical phenomena "Wilfrid chatted w £h excitementj which lie in rc ed by two or'threefilming .gla e^ of seltzer and spirits Hen- told -us^a wild story of -1 shipft"hat lie^ was^on Tioard'of. ! miLwhcre doin tfi the New Zcalmd r ^coast^ploughmgthro -^pwmg^and^i^ VI fc ftT fe^sSfhe "^to 1 Ijced waving like sheet lightning to its confines, and the huge body of the whales crushing the towering surges as they "rolled headlong through them into a hioon-like brilliance, flinging 011 high their delicate emerald-gi-een sparkling spouts Of water, wlucli floated comet-like over them agamst the midnight of the heavens. On eight bells striking we went to bed'. All was quiet oh deck ; a pleasant breeze blowing under the hovering prisms and crystals of tlie firmament, the yacht leaning over in a pale shadow m the dusk and seething pleasantly along with a noise rising up from round about her like the" rippling of a flag 111 the summer breeze. I fell asleep and slept soundly, and wlieii I awoke it was to the beating of somebody's knuckle upon my cabin door. The: day had broken, and my first glance going to the scuttle, I spied through the thick glass of it a windy sunrise with smoky crimson flakes and a tint of tainislied pink upon the atmosphere. • ."Hallo! Hallo there! Who's tliat knocking ?" .•';.:-•.- ""Tis. me, sir, Capt'u Finn. Can. I have a- word .with your honour cJaimeH tlie Kkipper,wlio liadsuMued lus; voicetoanote-tliatwaS;:a suggestion of physical effort. ,.:•;.."'•...-:' ". Come 111, Finn. What is it now?' The handle was turned,.and tlie captam entered cap in hand. He closed the door carefully and instantly said; "Sony to disturb.you, sir, but baste me for an old duckling,, Mr. Monson, if I don't believe the Shark to be 111 sight." .." What?" I shouted, sitting bolt upright and .flinging my legs over the edge of the bunk. He glanced at the door, looking an intimation to me to make no noise. "I thought I'd consult with 'ec first, sir before reporting: to- Sir "Wilfrid."" " Is she in sight from the deck ?" "Ko, sir." W' . " Have you seen lier 5" . . "Ay, Mr. Monson, I'm just: off -the fgallantyard, where I've been inspecting; her ever since she was first reported,: and that'll be drawing on for five-and-twenty. minutes." ... • "But she is bull down? "Yes, sir, andstill a schooner yacht at that," said lie emphatically. :' Mind, I don't.say she is the Shark. All I want, to report is a- schooneivwith a yacht's/canvas —not American cotton. . No, sir,; canvas bke ounij; vnotlien. square forrards,; and sailing well she looks." " Howlieading ?" " .Wliy;to ; tliesouth!ard^and-west'ard as: we are.: .Kman your hands, sir. It'll be a :fearful excitement for: Sir Wilfrid and a: terrible blowif it's,anoth er vessel." :':;•• " Oh, but ^ you: liave to give him- the: news, happen what will. Wait,- however, tiHIhavehadalookwillyou? i Bhall be with you in a nnnute or two." .. He.leffothe berth,,.andi m ; red-rhot haste andwitlr-a heart beating, with excitement; 1 plunged into my clothes and ran on deckf-passmgsoftlyj'however; tlirough-the; cabinfor, though ; I knownot why it should be, yet I have observed that at sea there is something almost electrical in a; •time full of srarthng-signiflcancelike this, an influence^ that, act as softly and be as hushed as you may, will yet arouse sleeping people and-bring them about you in-a dreaming, swayAwondera^ 6oaring"lurmiiaxy. to stagger my sight : on;iny,^rstfemergence;i >I-;steppedclear.ofi 'AheicompanioH'iand'stoodfwlidst'itf^^e^^ ; a-few- breatlis:;gazing.^ound;-ine^: .The .sea; c was:avduHjJreckled\blue::witliiastrugglmg; of the wind as thougli the coming "breeze was to be sought noithw&rd; The hori • zon astern was gloomy and vague in tlio sh dow of a long bank of cloud , a heap; of sullen terrace of vapour rising fiom. flint to saffron and then to a ialnt wet ro e- where the ragged-sky line of the compac ted bodj- caught the eastern-colour All'; w clear w tei, turn where -the gaze : vouia On the topgallantyard -the fellow; on tlie Jookoi.t lay ^£1 tlie spai with a, tele cope at his eye_, lus flguie a it nang* tlirough the. misty ladiance -against A tlie; pale blue of the morning sky that south teasElook-^^.foeTta rwasftnotaople s w th the intentness of Ins slai;e tlf wliat thefffcube were revealing •to Irnn'was tlie Shai 1c then, is he h id Been the <first^to lglit her, -fchatrglitteung hSavy ive^gumea piece naileB tos^the nainmatwa his' It-^vasfas nuchithe thought of Jus T iew ardWoingMoS^liemS jaucKS" tluew a leg over the yard, steadied .the glass against the mast, and instantly wit nessed the. white canvas of what seemed unquestionably a large schooner- yaclu ;risen -to her rail upon tlie horizon> wlierc the thin black length of her swam like-aii eel with: the flue tuationsofthe - refractive atmosphere ;. but all above was the steady brilliant whiteness of . the, cloths: of tlie pleasure ship mounting from boom to gaff j a wide and handsome spread with a flight of triangular canvas hovering between jibboom and topmast as though a flock of seafowl were winging past just; there. "• : •-. : :" • "• '•••; "Do you know the.Shark 1" said I to the man. " I've seen her once or twice at South hanipton, sir." "Is that she, think you 1" "Ay, sai-tm as that there water's salt." " Well,':thera'ii ; be", good .pickings for you on»the manimast,"- saidi -I haridihg: him back the glass. v; "'.' His face seemed to wither: up between his w^hiskers to the incredible wrinkles of ;the smile whiclKshrunk it to the aspect of: .0]D CLJJJJIO. NNT.11> T.)IO"3-JT-^LJLLT and descended to ilie deck. Tlie sailors stared liaid at me as I went aft. I suppose tJiey imagined ,that I iras well 'acquamted with tlie SUarl:, and they eyed luy.countenance with a .solicitude tliat was! almost humorous. Finn stood near the mam rigging ;perspmng with impatience and anxiety,- fanning lus long face with his cap and sending glances m tlie direction of ,the sea,, where presently those two alabaster-like spn'es.nowr lndaen. would be "Is it-the Sltarh, tlimk'ee, sir?" he cried m a breathless way. "My good Finn, how the dickens should I know ? I know no more of the Shark tlian of Noah's Ark. But, seeing that the vessel jwevwant' is a-sehooner of some two hundred, tons-of a fore and aft rig bpundiour way,. and ;a yacht .tO'boot, ithen,, if :yonder. httlevslup be not the chap we are in search of;-this meeting: with her willl)e:an atrociously.strangecomcidence." "Just wlut I tliink, sir," he cried stall breathless " Do you mean to slnft.your-helm-for her?" " She •was abeam,, wlien first sighted sir. : Ihavebrouglitheroiithebowsrnce-then, as ye can see But 111 bead straight if ye should tlmik: pioiiei-," he: exclaimed'with' a look aloft and around. "Oh, by all means go slap ior her, captain!" said I. " That you know wiH be my. cousin's fii-st order." • ' ;••'.••: ••*-. •-••• VVTiimsailtliewaiK;h|"hebawled : out: The helm was put over and the yacht's head feU off fall\you:saw; by te.line of She flashing glass through, which the fellow aloft continued to peer that the hidden sail had been brought about two points on the lee bow. All was now bustle on deck dmgsails^ and the' like. The dawn had found us close hauled with the topgallantsail- lifting and every sheet flat aS>and now:wewerecariynigtlie.wmd;abaft:;the beam with a subdued stormy heave of the yacht over the sulky swell. Indeed, Fmn sTiould:,have-ma^esailto.;thete bekn^butthepporfeUowseemeditoJiave lost Instead till liejiad talked^withme, :scarce;lmowing..howjto::Bettle3iismimd-iMJ •to.the light coursetki^e;iii£tantly.-&opted; ivaSSioTMg^&eia; snowjiake from; aloft. For _my part, I thought, L could not "better employ „tlie leisuie that" y^et: :remamed;thanEby^repaBngiforwliflt:^VRisi to: come by a cold brine "batli. So ? down rI\went,^:telMgpl«m.%hat Iwould^otitfoufe Ku-.Wilfri^-aa^ and give hnio. tlifenews HE CAME TO HEtt WITH HIS ARMS EXTENDED AS THOUGH HE 'WOULD EMBRACE HEB.' 