A FAIRY STORY. ' a By Geo. Lash Gordon. (By Permission' of the -Author). ' "On Christmas Eve will be produced ,011 'a scale of unexampled splendor a grand new Goiriic Christmas Annual entitled " Cinderella. " The management have spared no expense or labor to make this the most gorgeous spectacle ever seen in Vapourham Such was the pleasant intimation underlined for weeks at the Queen's Grand Palace of Varieties, Vapourixain. Everything is grand at all fifth-class towns, you will notice, and possibly, as far as a sovereign's' -worth of tinsel and any amount of cursing at an overworked, under-paid, paint-streaked scenic artist went, " Cin derella " fully justified the appellation gorgeous. Nothing is more dismally depressing than the produc tion of a pantomime at a minor house. The invari ably cheerless weather ; the draggle-tailed, ballet, who are as angular as forked lightning, and as lively as elephants ; the periodical appearance of wet umbrellas that lean wearily against the proscenium and trickle their weeping lives away into the orchestra down the big drum's back ; the daily recriminations between the principal burlesque lady and the stock chamber maid - the waiting for songs — pantomime writers always defer sending the music till the last moment — the general do- as-you-like-only-make-tliem-laugh-at- any-price character of each x-ehearsal, intermixed with; hurried " runs through " of the three thrilling dramas for the night's performance — these, and more if the recapitulation were not too harrowing, combine .to render the "gorgeous" productions at Vapourham and a dozen other kindred smoky, rainy, bad-businessy towns quiet little pandemoniums to shudder at and pass by. But there was one little glimmer of light in Vapour- ham's darkness — it was Polly Bliss : she made the daintiest little fairy the biggest city could wish for. : The Vapourham atmosphere that weighed heavy on the comedian's mind and drove him frequently athirst to the Temple of Beer hid sullenly away when Polly was about ; the Vapourham mud that speckled the legs and coat tails of the gentlemen and drove the ladies into inelegant goloshes' fled incontinently before the light footsteps of Polly ; she was loved by the men, and sneered at by the women with a hate only given £0 fourth-rate actresses. And Polly was in love : I wonder if that could have made the difference. " In love, Sir?" observed the comedian, puffing at his short pipe; " I should think so ; adores him.'" ' " What makes you think so ? " observes the walking gentleman. " What makes me think so?" What man— can't, you see yourself ? My wife tells me the way she hangs after young Aubrey Darrell is disgusting, and she ought to know. Aubrey Darrell, too ! bah ! a prig ! " If being a gentleman (albeit ; a poor one), an actor (also a poor one), delicate of speech, refined of manner, and an instinctive abhorrence to pot-house loafing constituted priggishness, then Aubrey Darrell was King Prig the First ; but I'm afraid his little- minded brethren misunderstood him. ' ' What a shame to cast you for the demon !" said little Polly to him while standing at the wings a week after the production of Vapourham's two-ponnd- ten's worth of splendour, and the company generally were settling down comfortably to " gagging." " Must do something to live," said Aubrey, shrug- ' ging his shoulders. " Needs must, you know, when the demon drives. Besides, anything's better than going home to one's lodgings with nothing to do but to think." " Do you often chink ? " " Very much ; and by no means very pleasantly." . " I'm so very, very sorry for you. I wish I could help you ; but you seem so proud, I — I'm almost afraid of you at times. Won't you let me be friends with you." " Friends, my little fairy ! If the friendship of one of the unluckiest and uuhappiest of mortals is any good, Heaven knows you are welcome to it. Come for a walk to-morrow, will you? and you shall talk me out of my mood if you can. At eleven. Don't forget. Here's my cue." And he plunged through a vampire on to the stage. The morning rose clear' and frosty. The crisp snow covered all. It was one of the very few occasions on which Vapourham looked clean. Aubrey and Polly strolled by the banks of the Vapourham and Cole- smoke Grand J unction Canal. Behind them lay the whitened roofs and snowy streets of the town, the grey sky, and stacks of smoky chimney ; before them the open country, over which the winter's breeze came, tingling their ears and bringing Nature's own rouge to their faces. A brisk walk and a frosty breeze is the finest hare's foot, after all. "And so you are afraid of me, eh, Polly ? Why ? " " You seem so grave and wise ; so superior to me ; so different to the others in the company. Why, you are a gentleman ! " " And do you not think a gentleman can be an actor, or an actor a gentleman ? Some bigots say No, and we are shunned like lepers of old. I know one who cries, Unclean ! unclean ! ' at the very mention of my name; and why? Because I'm an actor and he's a clergyman." "Who is lie?" " Only my father. I said I'd tell you my story, did I not? Here goes. We lived in Hampshire. My father's rectory is the sweetest little house in the world. I can see it now. I can see my father, stern-faced and inflexible, standing by the bookcase in the library, peeping through the window and the honeysuckle that enshrined it, and in the distance sunlit fields and lazy sheep. In the doorway stands my gentle mother — God bless her! — and, leaning defiantly against the fireplace is — myself. I had played the previous evening for a local charity, played the deuce generally, but scenes from the "Hunch back" in particular, and had .that morning announced my 'intention of seeking a living on the stage. Oiie kind word of dissuasion would have kept meat home, and I might have been a placid curate by this time ; but my father, an apostle of peace, had no kind words— his ministration was to condemn. You've no idea; Polly, with what unction he consigned the: souls of trembling bucolics to perdition. He threatened me with expulsion. I retorted defiantly ; I have a strong flavor of his own temper, and — well, the .scene was un pleasant. I can see him now al . the doorway with my mother. ' You have chosen' your path against my ex- press injunction, and the curse of disobedience is 011 you. "Your road and mine are opposite. Your disgrace shall never jog arm-in-arm with my honor. You choose the stage ? be it so ; you shall mouth and strut before a crowd of gaping pleasure-mongers. You shall eat your fill of bitter sweets, but from this time forth we are childless.' He led my weeping mother from the room. And — and here I am." "Poor Aubrey! but is there no" chance of recon ciliation ? " " Yes, one ; the reconciliation of the prodigal who waited till he was hungry , and friendless, and then sneaked back begging for pardon. Dogs kiss the whip, Polly, but not men." . : " I wonder if J could reconcile you." " You ! why; yon would have to be a real fairy to do that. The days of ghosts and goblins would have to return ; you should have wings of gossamer and a golden broomstick on which to fly to Hampshire and bring back my pardon, for I would sooner starve than ask it from him. You see those barges frozen mid stream ; I am like them. Bound hard and fast by a cruel fate, I can never move till the: ice melts. I feel almost a lost man." , During this recital Poll', her heart full of sorrow for his story, had taken his hand sympathetically, and as he concluded she instinctively raised' it to her trembling lips, and a tear she tried in vain to repress fell upon it. It was a simple action, but it told so much. It told - the old, old story, the bright romance that will die only with the world. "Did Aubrey care just one little bit for her?" Then she was happy ; she would ask no more than to love him. She knew the future was a hard one for them both ; they must part, she knew that, but she would never cease to think of him, never cease to care for him. ; She would be his good fairy for ever. Two sadder hearts never journeyed into Vapourham, : and a. more melancholy fairy never weaved her magic spells that night than Polly Bliss. Aubrey Darrell's benefit night came round. The theatre was thronged with the dlite of the mines and foundries to witness a new play of the beneficiare's. He had woven his life into a drama, with the one difference, that the outcast son son wrote a letter of penitence to his father, and was welcomed home with jy- 'V . . No dependence was to be placed on the prompter, so Aubrey wrote this letter himself. And Polly's little brain was busy with a plot — like the good little fairy that she was. If she could only reconcile father and son how happy she would :be; no, not happy, she would lose the light of .her heart. Still she could dream of his happiness and how. merry she would be ; but the teax-s she shed were not of joy. After the play was over — what a failure it was ! — the property letter of repentance lay neglected oxx the stage, and Polly took it liome ; one little token of hex- love. The seasoix was at an end ; the good-byes were said, the prompter wexit away over night, leaving the prompt books axxd an unpaid bill at his lodgings, the comedian went oxx tour, soixxe of the company em barked in a commonwealth axxd shared two shillings and xiixiepeixce at the exid of the first week, Aubrey soxxght success ixi London, and Polly went home to misery and a xxagging axxxxt. Poor little fairy ! How she wept over that crumpled property letter ! Its lines begghxg forgivexxess were learned by heart ; it was what she prayed Aubrey might write, really. And why not ? It was a happy idea of Polly's, if anything ixi her life could be called happy. She would find the wliex-eabouts of his father; she would cax-x-y this letter to him and bring back par don to the son. With Polly to thixxk was to act ; and the next- morning saw her on her journey. And Aubrey ? For him London was a heartless world of disappointment ; he was poor, lie was shabby —two unpardonable crimes in the inetropolis ; lie had 110 recommendation but. merit, and— he was therefore a failure. Step by step, lower and lower he fell. The Dutch metal was wox-n off the golden pavements of town and showed its heart of stone beneath. Truth must be told — Aubrey was starving. It was Saturday night ; the theatres were emptying their crowds of playgoers, and the Sti-and was chaos. He was standing watching the exodus from a popular house, whose attraction was a drama of metropolitan life. He had heard its plot was of the harrowing order ; the heroine and hero were stax-ved, maltreated, dragged through four acts of sorrow to be recompensed by a fifth act of happiness. Would a fifth act be written for him? The gaslight fell 011 his worn, wan, face, where hunger peeped greedily forth ; he looked so dejected, so pitiful, that a sweet-faced girl, thinking pex-haps of the persecuted hero of the evening, whose sorrows she had just finished weeping over, exclaimed, " Poor fellow !" stretched out her hand, placed a coin in his, and passed on. He stax-ted as though shot ; he had come to this— - beggary? The coin fell jangling on the pathway, and he rushed from the spot, fled to the miserable attic that gave him shelter, closed the door, flung, himself on the bed, and sobbed as though his heart would break. It was too cruel ; life would never give a gleam of hope. Who cared for a poor unfortunate devil of a man? His life was a drama the world had damned from its prologue. What mattered when the curtain was ruug down? Come to Hecuba, and dismiss the audience. He went to the little window; he could see the lights of the Embankment in the distance, and he knew the river rolled by to the sea. A few gaslamps glim mered dimly below ; a hoarse murmur, like the hum ming of a shell, rose up from the crowded streets ; the pale new moon stared coldly at him through the cracked and blotched panes — -its rays fall on the table and on a pistol ! At this' moment a knocking was heard at the door.' The landlady was heard demanding admittance, to gether with a voice he could not distinguish. He re turned no answer, but clutched the pistol the tighter. The weapon was raised, a prayer was on his lips ; it sounded like " God bless Polly !" when the door was burst open-— a soft little hand stayed his ; a fragile, little form flung herself sobbing on his breast. He was saved— by Polly ! Little remains to be told ! Polly had journeyed here and there, and had at last discovered the Rev. Mr. Darrell ; had shown him the property letter, the one deception of her . life. The rector, knowing no better and hungering for his son, accepted the document in good faith. Polly had a weary time searching for Aubrey in that vast wilderness, London, and it was by accident, after all, she found him, and only just in time. Did Aubrey , leave the stage V No, he rose rapidly ; and by the time he had achieved distinction in Loudon his father began to fancy the stage was not. the den of iniquity he had imagined. He married Polly? He did; and lived happy ever afterwards. Lived happy ever afterwards ! — what other ending coiild I give a Fairy Story ? 