OUR FIRST PREMIER, [By F. P.] I will aocopt ' Red Gauntlet's' chal lenges, and begin with his first, proceeding toriatiin. The term ' The Leader in tho Counoil' pre-supposes a. party, and it 8houldbo well-known that the form of Government whioh has prevailed here has admitted of no party politios i theroforo to say 'that Mr, Forrest has never at any timo been the leader in the Counoil' is a ohallongo whioh stultifies itaolf in tho issue. The intention of the assertion is, howovor, evidently to bring into relief the misnomer by whioh Mr, Parker has been designated as ' Loader of the Opposition'— misnomer because undor the present form of Govern ment no opposition, In tho ordinarily re ceived political sense of tho term, exists, Tho hands of the Exeoutivo, or Govorn m«nt, have been strengthened iu debate with the elected membersof the Legislative Counoil, and they have by their uidepoa dent aotion assisted as of ton as opposed the motions whioh are merely proposed by the Exeoutive | theroforo the utmumt respouBi bility that Mr. Parker incurred as a leador, has been the nominal ono of leading the elected mombera, a veritable sineouce, and a small tribute due to soniority of membor Bhip, and to tho quondam, representative of the Capital— a position attained uot so muoh by any particular merit as by tho force of oiroumstanoe. 2.— Tho rumour ' that some disagreement existed between Mr, Forrest and bis colleagues,' if it bears at all on the matter in hand, should surely rather minimise the credit which ' Rod Gauntlet ' bestows on him for oertain alleged mistakes of tho Government, tban servo to warrant the whole blame of any aotion of the Exooutive being thruBt on his shoulders, It may be oouooived that in a oounoil of six, ono mem bor might bo in a minority with consequonoes uioro possibly affeoting tho relationship of tho member dissenting with tho rodt than their deoision. But, 'Red Gauntlet' having imported this ? rumour ' to support his argument of Mr. Forrest's unfltnoss for kooping a party together, and as an instanoe of his discordant proolivltles, forgets its inconsistency with his subso quont doduotionB. 3.— Besides having now shown tho in. oonsiBtunoy of this point by ' Red Gauntlet' and that if it applies ia the one plaoe, it oannot in tho other, I will absolutely refute tho ohargo or even insinuation of Mr. Forrest's inability to work harmoniously with his oolleagues, and at tho same time establish his claim to that small, but ex pressive of muoh, word taot whioh ' Red Gauutlet' denies him. Tho lamentable friotioa between tho late Govomor and tho Surveyor General is a well-known event in the past annals of the oolony i here was, indced,au opportunity for a man of disooi'd,a man without a due sense of decorum, a man wanting in taot to upaet everything in his power, to oreato strife and disturbance, to call down obloquy, shame and vengeance j but wo find that Mr. Forrest pursued the oven tenour of his official course throughout Hie nnoqnnl Btrtigglo, and the pyent wan only marked by an arapk apology to him nt the kancls of his nrtveimry. 4.— It seems superfluous to explain to' Red Gauntlet' wherein Mr. Forreat's claim to tho Premiership is greater than that of Sir Malcolm Frastfr, the Attorney General ov Mr. Wright. It lies in that none of thsae tfontlomon intend taking part ia political Jifo horo in the futuro, and whero no claim is setup no olaiin oxista. On thoothoi1 baud, Mr. FoiTuafc doos intend to take au tvotive part in politics, and is consequently the senior inomb,er of tho Exooutivo so intend ing. Under the presont Constitution, more over, tho Surveyor General always takes precedence of tbe Director of Works. fi.— I do not intend to attempt to dispar age Mr. Parker's olaim, though I oaunot endure falsbood and misrepresentation to walk naked and uncheoked, For instance, Mr. Parker, and not Mr, Forrest, was on that very committee appointed to oonsidor the distribution of the loan monoy, whioh is ono of ' Red Gauntlet's' causes of ob jootion to Mr, Forrest, Mr( Parker also shows himsplf oapable of changing his views and aspirations in a facile mannor hardly ciloulatod to inepiro that confidence which should repose in a leader of politic*! life Witness his letter to his constituents at tho VaBHe and his abandonment of the advooacy of tho Bayawater-Bunbury Rail way, whioh be introduced himself as a measure into tho Council, But it is far from my intention to revile Mr, Parker i he is a man we are proud ef, but ho is not as ' Red Gauntlet' would have us believe— immaculate, NoroanI see what constitutes hia great claim to the position of first Premier. I have explainod his position of lsador of eleoted members, whioh may be a small claim, but certainly no qualification. I know of no lasting or beneficial legisla tion which we can attribute to his foresight alono, or of any other patriotic or high minded action for whiahho deserves all our thankg. Surely no one regards his delegation ;o England as any claim, still less a quali fication j and so I say, that while an able mau, and doubtless if he oontinuus in aotive politios a future Premier, I oannofc boo why this claim to tho honor of fli-Bt Promiorship should be set up for him. Of oourso ' Red Gauntlet h has never hoard of the many things whioh Mr. For rest has done for the colony, but it mi^ht 30 mentioned that he, too, represented tho colony in England, in ooujunotion with Mr. Sep. Uurt, at tho Imperial Con fereuoe, a voluntary and gratuitous mission, not however without its good offeots on iho oolony, Even recently Mr, Forrest ms shown that none of his old energy has abated, in goiagperBonally to Yilgarn ;o ohoose tho best route to the fields, than whom there was none bettor ablo, nor has his report recently issued met with that usiversal disapprobation whioh one would have expeoted to have been aooorded to tho member of a Government typioal of ' retrenchment, retrogression, vacillation and procrastination.' 0.— All appointments under this Consti tution are undor tho patronage of tho Gov ernor, and to attempt to throw this respon sibility on Mr. Ferrest or the Executive officers, is as unjust and contempt iblo as the rest of ' Red Gauntlet's' letter, and this remark applies to the whole of that para, graph citing as ' Ghosts to support Mr. Forrest's olaim all the past misfortunes of the colony,' as though ho alone, or even in part, as far as we know, wore responsible. At any rate that will be a matter for the newly-elected members to decide, and not for any persou of one ' Red Gauntlet ' typo. We shall soon see what support is gathering round Mr. Forrest, and there is reason to believe it is steadily and surely approaching him, It is also rumoured thai Mr, Parkor is not boing offered muoh sup port, and is content to abido the issue, without troubling himself muoh in tho matter. In fine, ' Rod Gauntlet's ' first letter/ the forerunner of that extravagance of partisanship ' to vbiou tuis peaceful colony; ms hitherto been a stranger, was treated too seriously by the moderate though un assailable answer it reoeived,and it brooked no further slinging of mud, still less another answer. Bttt a challenge, however feeble, should be aocopted, or it may pud itsolf up by reason of its y«ry frailty. The' glove has been thrown down and picked up. Two months will prove tho viotor. 