Closed for Stocktaking. Bx Pastob G. 3omau. Agree with thine adversary quickly whilst thou art in the way with him, lest at anytime the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison. Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt in no wise oome out thence, ? until thou hast paid tho uttermost far thing.— Matt, v., 25-26. The words ' Closed for stocktaking,' are familiar to our eyes, as affixed to nouses of business at stated times. They do not always tell the whole truth, for there are times when they should bo more correctly read, 'Closed because stock is taken.' 'We have arrived at that stage of our spiritual existence when it might bo well to fix up the familiar notice, and proceed to take stock of the state of business. Can we get things squared up before we enter1 oil any fresh business P Close the doors for an hour or two, let us overhaul our stock, our accounts, and our credit, and honestly see how we stand. Some men go on not venturing to make a close -n-T-n+iTi-ir Vi-iif Tirmft thinira will work OU all right in the end somehow. I. — We have1 no account with the world ; that gives no credit for anything. 2\. — We have no account with our neighbors worth the name, for they are like ourselves and will soon pass away. 3, — We have an account with the Trinity- God, tho Father- God, the Son God, the Holy Ghost. They form tho everlasting Firm, unshaken, eternal. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, all things are naked and open to the eyes of him with whom we have to do — Heb. iv., 13. 4 — The business is the business of life. The warehouse is the heart. It is a \Y ilfJlCOlLlu U.JJ.LL i.(2(4UlL UUQ1UV/OO) uuuutuu- to the customers who present themselves. 5,-^The capital is all borrowed, and can be called in at any moment. It is known under the name of the Mercies of God.-, I §.---The stock is various. General mer I ni,o^^;nn +n mnnfc all the necessities of life 7.— It is a long time slfttte any careful stocktaking has been afempted. General impressions have fcV*n acted upon; and advances freeLy made by the great firm, oi life, health-, mental power, faith, oppor tunity, freely given, known as ' Tire Mer cies of God.' Rough balance sheets have now and then been issued, showing'stock in hand of enormous value, and always making out the business to be solvent. Close the doors and lot the principal creditor enter. Silence, O my lieart, in _H /',_J - All +Uinrro Oi*n the presence oi vxuu. *»?' ? -/'''b- '. naked and open unto the -eyes or Him with whom we have to do.' Hear the regulations under which all advances of His Mercies have been 'Keop thy heart with all diligence, Ebr out o£ it are tho issues of life.' 1 For every idle word . that men spe&t; they must'give an account to God.' 'So then every one of us must give an account of himself to God.' | 'Fear God and keep his command ments -for ;tbis is the whole duty of man.* _ i 1st ?queetten.— 'What goods have you beem -deaiirif;' in P' , . - , Arawer;-' Large stocks of the smful pleasures of this life. Gratification tor the 'lust'of tho flesh, the lust of the eye, and -for. the pride of life. My store has always1 been popular. I stand well with ?_.i ? . 'J-OTi+iifinn. nrnrht. charac ter all sound, and any of them will recom- | mend me.1 ' 2nd question — Where is your price llS£ead by the lamp of truth it runs thus Mark 7, 21, 22. l.Evil thoughts; 2, adulteries ; 3, fornications ; 4, thetts ; o, murders ; 6/ covetousness ; 7, wickedness; 8, deceit ; 9, lasciviousnoS3 ; w, m «».* eve- 11, blasphemy; 13, pride, 13, fool ishness. These goods' were wrapped up in dainty wrappers, have been labelled so soasto catchjho eye, and the demand for somo of these goods is much larger than most people would suppose. Here is the issued list. 1, cleverness, 2 and 6, .wild .oats, seeing, life; 4 sharpness in business; -5, .-sofi defence- 6, fortune making V 7 popularity; 8, white lies; 9, art; 10, an eye to the main l chaaced 11 Jreedom of speech; 12 self respect; 18/tfffi.;-'Aia all these things are purchased with the Mercies of God. I 3rd quostion-What stock is on hand P Let the investigation be made and the '.stock be : taken. ; Groand flour— -All -the good actions here are' stored1 including .paying;p'no's wayi atten'diiig church, say-' ing prayers.; 'a goodly1 'lot at' 'first, sight, but when .turned'.'oyer and brought, into the light' of His countenance, found to bo only filthy' rags- '.'All 'our righteousness are as filthy rags.'. First floor— This floor is full of a stock of good desires that have - never been carried out. Thoy looked well once, but the colors are not fast and as that all searching Eye of tho chief partner of the great firm surveys them, Ho values them at nothing, seeing they are all faded and colorless. Second floor-^Here are a goodly pile of children's things,, the hymns and prayers said and sung in early days, also a supply of prizes won in the Sunday-school, a pretty array, looked upon with a measure of satisfac tion. Surely they are of considerable value. Taken out of their gaudy wrap pings of pride thoy are discovered to be all moth-eaten. On to tho third floor next, and there will be seen an assortment of mrihcs, donations to laudable objects, church dues and pew rents. But they have a strange smell about them, they are rusted and, rotten, fit only for'the dust heap ! ?' Your riches ate corrupted and your garments moth-eaten. Now to the fourth floor — what here is to be found P A stock of the good opinions of our follow men, votes to places of honor, votes of thanks, and all manner of flatteries, and good wishes. How they stink in the presence of tho Holy One ! It was onco said ' They loved the praise of men more than the praise of God ' . The following enquiries are next made. lave you any faith in God P any know ledge of Christ P any submission to the Holy SpiritP any belief in God's word? any honor to God's name P any pardon of sin ? any hope of ffloryP any eternal life P and grace of our Lord Jesus Christ? any love of God? any fellowship of the SpiritP and the answer is nono, noiio P and yet these are among the necessaries of life 1 Then let tho entry be made, Stock in hand — rags, rottenness, rust, stinking. 'That which is highly esteemed among men is abomin ation to the Lord.1 The whole is con signed to tho everlasting burning. 4th Question — How do tho books stand? The capital account shows an enormous loan obtained of time, strength, mercy, pa tience, grace, life, and no return trading account shows the wilful, sinful squander ing of all God has lent, iu pleasure, un godliness, irreligion, false religion, world liness, and anti-christianity. The profit and loss account shows no profit and all loss. A lost conscience, a lost life, a lost opportunity, a lost Christ, a lost salvation, a lost heaven, a lost soul. _ The stock account shows the substitution of sins, the devil's shams, and the world's pleas ures, for God's truth, grace, and mercy. 5th Question — What is to' be done? No repurchasing sale is permissible, no ar rangement at so much in the pound is possible, no guilty vanishing to another world where the facts are unknown to avoid the awful consequences. No escape from the dreaded fatality. . Eternal bank ruptcy — eternal ruiri.V . , , 'Agree with thine adversary quickly while thou art in the way with him. The Law of God is the adversary. It knows no mercy because it is absolute injustice. Bow low in the dust, 0 iny soul, and acknowledge at once—' Lord Jesus I have no terms to propose, I have no promise to make, I am undone, guilty, ruined by my own act, lost, utterly lost.' 'If thou hast none,' saith the Lord, ' hearken to me, and I will announce my terms.,' 1.— A full confession, without excuse. ' He that covereth his sins shall not pros per, but ho that coufesseth and forsaketh them shall find mercy. 2\. ? Full surronder nothing hold back, spirit, soul, body, time, money, all yielded to me. 8._Full trust in my everlasting mercy that cancels debt by settling it, blots put sin by covering it, and removes it as far as the east is from the west. „ . .. 4— Full acceptance of the Holy Spirit who in future controls everything, and teaches you to call me Master and Lord as well as Saviour, then Eternal life, useful service, a new stratoin a now basis, old things passed away all things become new. Christ confessed, trusted, loved, sin fought* opposed, vanquished, God glorified, wor-. slihroed. exalted. The world crucified to you, Satan resisted. These are the terms in a sentence give up business and bo my property, tnd let your heart be an empor ium for the goods of heaven, with the name of Jesp.s inscribed within and with °UAKreo quickly, quickly. The Judge I standeth aft the door and^ He enter He consigns all to the fire unquenchable 1 