THE RECIDIVISTS. A MELBOUNjf ROMANCE. PAET in. CHAPTER VL—(Concluded.) BY DAVID O. PALE.] Author of " The Australians," &o.; The impressionable Invalid uttered a howl of desperation at the thought of being fcauoteo by the ghost of the deputed Tavadoie, wbioh so startled Mr. Flobbs that he jumped from his seat and looked round with an extremely pale faoe. "Sit down, Flobbs, and dont be such & fool," cried Valentine, Ms fear Riving way to a momentary burst of anger. " What have you to be frightened about ? Tbu haven'tgot a villian like that Banq dogging you like. I bave. You haven't pot tne face of that drunkard grinning at you from every oomer. Sit down. There a tte girl. £ wan* to tell jou about her." "What girl „ " What an asi yon an. What girl! Why, Miss Masters, of coarse. What other girl is there " Miss Masters! What of her?" "There's a plot agalnet her," he add, relapeing again Into oautiaus whispering. That villain Ranq is trying to mury her. She is entitled to property, and Ranahas got the papers that show it. wiie fonnd thsm tn _ an old but in a plno " lie andTSradore t overland down to Melbourne. They were bidden between two of the plaaka that formed the walls, and in pulling one of thtan-ontfo make a fira Banq found the papers. He ls following hfa np Bow -that the othey one fa dead, tiring to galn soateealan of her. IVe kept alien oe loikg enough. Heoan do what he likes. I'm notgoing to diewith this tiling CO mj mind. I don't know -who nhe to, bat •heVnot Maitero'Mtettar. SheVentltiedtoa lot bf property, and tigtt damhed Einq b trying toget it," "(mdnen gracious! Mr. Valentine 1" ejaoalated Angola*. **Thisis veryBtraafce and terrible.* 1 ' "I know it is. It'ebeen on my mind for yreekt, frightening thellfe out of me. Rang would murder me if lie fonnd out I knew abort it, He'd think nothing of murder— he's taore a devil than a man. Bat I dont oare; I'm dying, and won't keep silent any longer. flee trying to get that girl into his olatabee, and when he s got the money \- - I belieVe he'd murder her too." It 'mi doubtless his abjeot fear of the Frenchman that led Valentine into a little exousable exaggeration., .But If he exag- BMHM noh M to Vnttns .. 'wttfttbte eonvietion thtt _ i teme'trttth in What bee aid. AofciWttu rtartnd from hk ohttr with* paleTaen. "Mr. Masters must know of S S r T • • - Whim are yOU jmingr cried Valentine, insndfen fear. "Dont leave me. I don't feel aafeihy 'myself. For God's sake, don t tell anybody. It w01 oome to that villain's «ars. and he'll murder me." _ "I'm going to teU Mr. Masters," aald Auiiustus, firmly. " NO, ttft. You must not let anybody know « wotd about lb: (told yon beowae ii's op my mind, and I couldn't keep it to myself. But don't go. Wait till I'm dead, and., then tell him. I shall IN murdered—I know I •ball!" He was in saoli*state of abjeot fear that he oould not restrain from tears. He actually blubbered aloud in his pitiful fright. Alas for his former magniBoenoe where was it all torn to now? Even Mr. Flobbs was •homtd out of-Us ramal ratioenoe by the otherls overwhelming aelflthnew. "What," he aald fat tonea of disgust *' Knowing this, you'd keep it to yourself. You cmt have a bad Heart, Mr. Valentine, a very tjad heart. Would you let tbet poor innooent girl be deoeived and become the tool of a wicked man, jut beoaute y6n are' frightened for yourself I Goodness- gracious me! If anybody baa told me I wouldn't have believed it; I really wouldn't. It makes me quite hot to think of it. Ton mnit be very base indeed, Mr. Valentine. Damn it, you must." Mr. Flobbs actually Bwore. He who never indulged in anything stronger than a mild "Goodness graoiouB!" aotually gave utteranoe to an oath; and that too with every aign of moaning it If there was any proof wanted of the strength of his indignation, there could sot bave been a better one than that He must have been' very much roused indeed to have BO far departed from bis usutil quiet method. " I'll go at onoe," he aaid determinedly. . "No; no,"urged Valentine. "Someother time." But Augustus was already at the door. *' 1 won't be left alone," whined Mr. Bkillicorne. Where's Lucreoe? Where's Eveleena ? Send them op. I won't be left like this, frightened out of my life. Send Lucreoe np," he bawled (very loudly too, by the way for |a dying man) after the retreating Mr. Flobbs. "Tell her I want something to eat Tell ber I'm dying. Tell her I'm dead;" and perfectly overcome by mingled fea<-, aggravation and exhaustion, he fell back on his pillow and indulged in a fresh burst of tears. Mr. Augustus Flobbs, hurrying towards the little cottage on Emerald Hill, presented a very different, appearance from what he did in ordinary. His usual-deliberation, not to say slowness, was completely eet aside for the nonce; his little legs moved more rapidly than they had done 'for many a long day,- He buret into the cottage in' a state of intense excitement, presenting sucb a picture of'-agitation and flurry to the startled orbs of the worthy Mrs Jo/es that that good lady went off thenand thereinto repeated fits of almost hysteric granting!, Luokily Philip • was in the house and alone. He was busy writing but pushed his papers away as Augustus entered. ••••*• To him Mr. Flobba related what had taken place, giving word for word as well as be could remember the particulars of Valentine's confidence. The excitement on his own face was nothings uotnpared' to the startled gleam that shot across Philip's as he listened. His interest and excitement were intense, but be restrained himself with an effort until the other had finisbed. • Then he sprang to his feet with a mighty oath, aad aeized his hat. "Come on," be exclaimed; "I must see him myself. Til hear it from bis own line." Together Loge the two made their way . to 01; pus House at a speed that disorganized Flobbe more than ever. His little legs had to move with each rapidity in order to keep np with Philip's lengthy strides that by the time they had reached the school their possessor waa as red in the face as a respectable middle-aged baohelor oould possibly be. Taking their way upstairs, they entered Valentine's bedroom. The afflioted invalid was in the same depressed condition as when Augustus had left him. Indeed, he exhibited so mnoh dismay at Philip's sudden appearance that it was all the latter could do to make him enter on the topic of Banq again. For some time so great waa his fright hs flatly refused to open his'month; but in the end, by the aid of alternate threats and promises that he should be borne harmless, he waa induced to disolose what he knew, Philip learned very little more than what Augustus had told him. Valentine had been able to understand only a part of the thievea' argot, in which the unfortunate Tavadore had uttered his wild ravings. Who Kick really was he did not know in the least, but that Ranq had in his possession papers that would lead to her identification, of that he waa certain. Tavadore had repeated It over and over a gun. How. the papers had been discovered, that be told Philip too, as Tavadore had told him. The two escaped convicts had camped in the hut, and oh tearing down portion of the ruined wall wherewith to make a fire, had lighted upon the documents thrust in between two of the planks. The mystery waa solved then. The drunken saddler, dead so many y«krs, must bave. oonoealed papers relative to the true Urth of Riak in the hut which he had occu nled dating his stay in the towiatyP.;; bad, perhaps, iat intern than lor eaf meaning to make use of them at.aomejtime, and in the delirindt that had ended in tls taking his own* life bad forgotten them. Sundry-wild expressions he had made use of, sundry hints as to a secret name back to Phillip's mind after the lapse of years. \'es, it was all clear to him now, and also the desperae .game Kanq bad been playiag in • proseon ting their acquaintance and in endeavouring to win the young girl for his Wife. His terrible outburst of rage 'at being f oiltd waa a proof in point; the letter Mr. Ellioonrt bad received was easily explainable, too, on those grounds. In King,'Raiiq had seen a probable lover; it was nis policy to remove ] The other fact of ifcanq's being a convict— an escaped New Caledonia r&Adiviste;—oame with a shook of surprise and horror to Philip. That he—a mm dyed with crime, a felon, perhaps a murderer — should have*,beien allowed to contaminate Rick with ips presence, that he should have wooed her, persecuted ber, seemed to Philip so terrible that for a moment, in his thoughtful oare for her, every other consideration -disappeared. - But a throb of fieroe joy rose in hie breast with the consciousness that his knowledgeof wh\t this man had been "would help'hhn 'in the future It wculd give tiiflf a hold over this eec&T;'td convict. It would help Mm" to regain those papers whloh at all cost hbw he, was dtttrn.iBed to possets. A word from him aod Kar q would be oonrizned again to that islacd bell from which he had escaped. Icppirfd with these thoughts, though plonked by oo particular plan farther than a determination to show the Frenohman and crnv ! .?t tbe now hn b»l<i owr him, and to tkttefcvcur to hm tue iwywn liim, P<uUp without IOSB of time sought him out at the hotel to which he hod removed. Bat hie enquiries were fruitless. A week past the volatile Mr. Banq had quitted with all his belongings, and had left potraoeof his presence. 