AMONGST THE CROWD. By Dioceses. Everyone who went to tlio Clip enjoyed at thoroughly— on Monday — and I have no douDt that a very large proportion of those who went will be able to enjoy it equally well to-day. In anticipation it was delicious. Fancy wits able to have its way unchecked. All tho horses of all tho men lmd won, and tho Ring was down to its last penny ; all tile drosses of all tlio women had turned out perfect successes and had mot jvithtlio fullest meed of admiration. "SVo all— men and women, hoys and girU — mot the people we wanted to meet, avoided the peoplo we wanted to avoid, said tho thing wo wanted to say, and did tho thing we wantod to do. This was tho anticipation. Wo can indulge in tlio pleasures of hope to tho very highest extent on Monday, and if things didn't turn out quito ns wo wishod, wo are able to-day to comfort our- selves with tho pleasures of memory. To. daythe-dUapppintments, the little annoyancos, the worry of tho tight boot, the aching tooth, the lost race or tho lost opportunity, tlio dress spoiled at lunch and tho temper spoiled for tho re mainder of tho afternoon, liavo all faded awoy and we have a general recollection thnt it was a glorious holiday, that wo and everyono wo met enjoyed it to our heart's content, and thnt there is nothing in nil Australia to hold a caiullo up to tho Melbourne Cup ! The odds nronhout 100 to 1 that every man seen 111 Melbourno an hour before and an hour after noon with his face turned westward is bound for tho racecourse, and if ho doesn't carry a "card or hook of the races" in his hand, tlio leather lunged newsboys are justified in perse cuting him till ho buys one. I wonder it 1ms never occurred to the good peoplo who are endeavoring to save society from perdition to follow tho prnctico of the men on strike and establish pickets outside the Spencer-street station and along the main road to Flemiugton. Those who have contended that it would bo impossibio to add a new horror to tlio "admirable arrnngemonts mnde by theCommis-- sioners for tho convcyanco of passengers to tho course " would change their opinion in tho pre sence of tlio united goody-goodies doing picket duty at tho station. It mightn't keep one away, but it would worry people, and so picaso the philanthropists . who tried it. And when the impenitent reveller, niter resisting in. town all the efforts of those who would save him, found himself on tho lawn, what n sphere of usefulness might be opened out to enthusiastic young lady picketers who would gather round the doomed olio, and implore him to abandon tlio world, the flesh and the old gentleman for tho purer pleasuros of knee drill and the hallelujah chorus ! If they didn't succeed in saving souls, they would at all events imvc a glimpse tit the races. But, in spite of all obstacles, tlio weary, way worn reveller does actually find himself at last on the -wide torraccs and grocn lawns of Flcm- ington, and Federated Australia lies before him. In my opinion, no one ought to bo pormittod to writo a liuo about tlio Melbourne Cup raco who has evor seen a previous one, or oven road a description of one in tlio papers. We might then liopo year by year to have something fresh written about it. I Youth and inexperience would not be ashamed I to gush. The only adjectives used would ho superlatives, and tho resources of tho language would bo taxed to find words grand enough to clothe the ideas that would crowd in upon tho young person. " Novelty," as Nerval of tho Grampian Hills said, "now prompt my tongue and youthful ndmiration vents itself freely." But it is not .so easy wfter seeing 25 Cups and reading 25 descriptions of them to follow tho example of that intrepid youth. Coleridge said he didn't believe ill ghosts— lie said ho had seen too many of them. For the same reason I ennuot gush over the Cup. It cheers still to a certain extent, but ' iloos not inebriate." With a littlo of the intoxication of youth, it would bo possible to put in tlio six hours of Cup day very pleasantly. It is the attraction of gravitation, I bolievo, that collects such a crowd togothcr at the groat Spring Meoting. Olio goes because another goes. The Mutual Assurance Societies are con stantly impressing on members the advantage that would follow from inducing one friend to join. This is what tlio Cup revellers do, with out making any conscions effort. To sny that ovoryone is going is tlio best way in tho world to got everyone to go. No matter how uninteresting the individual human maybe, thore is somotiiing in the-idea of humanity in the mass that impresses tlio mind and draws us towards it. No one — except, per haps a nursegirl— will turn to look after a single soldier in the street, but let a regiment march by and every eyo will be upon it, while if an jmy meets for review people will flock to sec it f rom every part of the country. Well, yesterday there was nn army approaching a hundred thou sand strong assembled together for tho express pleasure, amusement or profit of each one of tho units of whioh tlio crowd was composed. Very beautiful was the nrray of the feminino half of thnt army. The dresses could not bo called a I uniform, for there were no two alike, and prob ably nothing would have pained a well got up woman more than to have met an exact repro duction of herself on tho lawn. But tlio variety was charmi ng. No matter what private feeliugs were, everyone tried to look linppy and pleased, months' bad weather brought to nn etui' By tli'e sim of the Cup, with seven weeks' strike put a stop to in more anticipation of tlio Spring Meot ing, and with a seven years' Ministry put out of ollico on a single night's talking in order that members might properly enjoy themselves on the notional holiday, is it any wonder that the nnmo of the Cup should he blessed and that peoplo should flock to do it honor ? There were n few clouded faces here and there about the grounds yesterday. " I'm afraid you'vo beon hard hit," I said to one up country shire councillor, whom I meet regularly once a year on tho Flemiugton ground. " Not a bit of jt," said ho, "didn't put a penny on any thing." " Why then so sad ?" I asked. "Well," he said, "it's enough to make any fellow cross. I'vo eome down to town year after year at Cup time, on' deputations, and have always had my expenses paid. Now the beggars must go and got up a crisis, just at the very moment we had arranged to wait on tho Treasurer, and I had either to stay at home or pay for myself to town. After being accustomed to it for years one/eels it. I know I call it jolly hard ! " I met another gloomy mnn when rt was near ing 5 o'clock in the afternoon. He is the head teacher of a large State school, and he said he had only just got on the ground 10 minutes too late to see the Cup run for. " Ours is n secular system," he said bitterly, "and yet they won't allow us a holiday on the day when everyone else in the country is having it. I wouldn't mind it so much but that nil tlio groat church . schools get it. The bishop and the parsons unito in two things only — abusing our secular system, aud condemning the wild and wicked spirit of gambling that finds its apotheo- | sis in the race that I didn't see run, though the teachers and pupils from the church schools aro given a holiday to see it run. Did you ever know anything so ridiculously incon sistent ? The wiaked seculars kept with their nose to tho grindstone, while tho schooU mnnnged by churches and clergy arc turned loose for the races ! Fancy ! " said he with increasing warmth, " every State school teacher at work to-day, while tho religious teachers at the Scotch College and tho Church of England Grammar School have boon able to attend from the first sweep !" I tried to com fort by irate friend by reminding liim that "consistency is a rascally doctrine." But ho was no more satisfied than were t.ho old Executive Councillors whom Mr. Ah'mro has left out in tho cold. A n open air service of a devotional character WnS-I advertised to bo hold on the Flemiugton mcet-c. 'urso yesterday. It was an anti-gambling jemoiu'tration, and intended to discourage jjgtting- i\nd immorality. But it did not appear to bo a s u. ccesa. I asked scores of peoplo about the ground >f they could point out the position of tho meeting nntl no one waa aljl0 to illont'fy !t- One gentleman with a good pair of glasses thought for .a nomeut that he had it, but after a careful surv ey ho found that the service was only a fight bitween two cabmen over a fare. Of course the service may have been held and may have done .good. But why on tlio race course? ' Bookman's and revellers do not intrude on the jaunts of the holy. Tliov would be -considered impertinent and out of plaice if they invaded tea. meetings or Sunday school feasts, and justly so. Why then tfne WY »> tho very thick of the unholy ? I would not, I do not, believe that they wont for the puvpose of getting a cheap view of the races out of -the collection thoy would gathor. Tho idea of am," sane men expecting to Bee money put in a plaito on the Melbourno racecourse for anything except meat, drink or sweeps is too'preposter ous. And by-thq-byo, there wero during tho six long hours the carnival lasted occasional glimpses of horses tearing at full gallop rouiul a largo level aptioe in front of the spectators. These horses wer.o ridden by small thin persons in parti- color ed garments, and their arrival at certain noi'nts of tho ground was invariably heralded by yells' .n.<d screams and howls and shouts from mobs .of disreputable looking men on tlio lawn, tho hill a-ud the flat. Tho wholo time actually occupied iutho six races was 15 minutes. And yet this fclc ostensible cause of 100, WU persons be-hqA bought together from every corner of Arist ralia, and of millions of money being spent in -transit, in lodging, in dress and in gambling. F-iEtcen miaut.ea racinS ta the one great iWiifoy of this island oentinont, to stir tho hearts aud flro the imaginations of tho jackoroo and ntookmnu in their lonely huts on the plains, ns well as the small shopkeeper or mechanic in tho far away inland town. AYo may bo the heirs of all tho ages, but we must admit that tlio people in the days before news papers, steam, telegraphs and penny posts knew something. The Isthmian games wero nobler exhibitions than our hor.se races. Tlio fights of the gladiators in tho. arena or the tournaments in whioh knights nnd nobles allowed their skill before a galaxy of twelfth century fair dnmcs may have been a littlo rough, hut thoy certainly gave a good deal moro for tlio mimny. Even the Spanish bull fight, which our polioo would at onoo put a stop to, though cruel lias n much more sustained interest than our national sport. Perhaps when Lord AY ol- selcy'.s coming people have come, and tho Chinese conquest of Australia is completed, hundreds of thousands of almond eyed beauties may crowd to Flemiugton, and the lawn nnd grand stand mny echo to the applause that will be given to tile skilful eliow oliow who makes liis kite fly n kite's length higher than any otlior. And for us who have seen our small world go mad over a horse race — if any of us survive will wo bo nbleto sneer at the Chinese national sport? 