Plastering on Brickwork- It is said that the best way to plaster on the outside of a brick wall is to take of slaked lime 60 parts ; sand, 35 parts ; litharge, 3 parts ; knead arid work the ingredients into a stiff mass wit h 7 to 10 parts of linseed oil ; use old oil -or linseed oil varnish. It should be well worked to' the consistency required, and applied as other mortars, well trowelled down. Or; sand, 90 parts ; litharge, 5 parte, plaster of paris, 5 parts, moistened arid worked together with a small proportion of linseed oil. Oil the brick three coats before applying the cement, and trowel down. Objectors to new inventions simply because they are new may learn a lesson in modesty from the following, extract from an editorial published in 1S35 in tho John Bull : — ' Does anybody mean to say that decent people, pas sengers who would use their; oiwn carriages and", are accustomed to their own. comforts, would crinserifi to be huiTied along through the air upon a railroad froin which, if. a lazy schoolboy left a marble or wicked one a stone, they would be pitched off their perilous track into - the valley henOath ; or is it to be imagined that women who may like the fun of being whirled away on a party of pleasure for an hour to see a sight, would endure the fatigue and misery and danger, not only to themselves, but their children and families, or Demg araggea rnrougn ine air at me rate of twenty miles an hour, all their lives being at the mercy of a tin pipe, or a copper boiler, or the accidental dropping of a pebble on the line of railway ? The loss of life upon the favourite toy from Liverpool to Manchester has already been terrific. Mr. , Huskisson was the first martyr to this favourite ab? surdity ; and the last splendid exhibition took place only on Thursday, ori the new tom-» foolery to Greenwich, when in the outset, by some accident, one of the carriages in which a party of noodles veritnred themselves, was thrown off the rail, but although it ran a vast many yards, no serious accident occurred. How lucky ! Nobody killed the first day of trial ! Nothing to ria cari be iriore ridiculous than a Grenwich railroad . The distance from London to Greenwich is about four or five miles. Get into a Greenwich coach at Char ing Cross, arid in about three quarters of an hour yon are landed. Go by the railroad, which- is:. to begin at the foot of London Bridge on the Surrey side, it will take inde finitely more time to walk from Charing Cross mminf rirlrrn.in flio "Rnvnvtn»V» ot-i/3 "ha steamed along at the hazard of yonr life to get to the Ship, than it would to have gone by the regular stage from the Salopian, arid have half- eaten yonr white-bait. Qui bono the railroad?' A cork rope is one of tiie latest "inventions. It is made of small oorks placed end to end, and the whole covered with? a braiding of cottori twine ; : over this is a, coarser ".braiding in heavy strands. - Acbordin'g to tho 'inventor a one-inch thick rope VilT stand "a "strain of l;0001bs. No man has any idea of. the force arid .power , of speech .possessed, by even .-.the mildest-tempered woman in . the world until he accidently calls his teecond - wife . by his first wife's name. ; .. . . Old Gentleman (from Lead, of .the stairs at a late hour) — ' Clara, I think yon and that young man have talked, enough for one even ing.! Clara — ' AU right, pa? We won't say another word.' " , Success does not so much depend on wh:at a person, does as in , doing it at. the right time. Edward Bellainy made him n fortune by ' Looking Backward,' while j_ot's wife only make her salt. Miss Daisy (to Mr. Charles, who has "an envious rival in Mr. James)— ' Mr. James is jnst as witty as he can He. Don't y ou think so, Mr. Charles ?' Mr. ' Charles—' Yes, Most people are.' ' Here, waiter, here is a sixpence for you. And 'just tell me now' what you can con scientiously recommend to' me. ' Waiter — 'Thanks.. If you want anything "good, sir, go to some other restaurant/ ' Ah, Rose, in squeezing thee Apia my hand hrith torn!'-' 'You might have kr own,' said she, . AU roses have their thorn.' After the Introduction-i-Mrs. Van TwiUer (who mistakes Dr. Jovial for a" physician)— ' And where do you'pr.iqtise, doctor ?' The Rev. Doctor J oyial — ' Al, madam, I do not practise; I only preach.' Seme one has estimated that the time luwnuounj m niuo WUGU IU UOUruDg LHQ girl you want to marry, and who is ready to marry you, would build all' the railroads and bridges and tuunels and factories arid public 'ouildiugs. ' Are you afraid of ghosts P he asked, Midst superstitious 'talk. ; ' ' Nay, Nay ; I am an actor, and I like to see one walk.? _ Whippersnapper— 'Have a game of bil liards ?' Snipper-snapper — ' Don't mind if I do. What shall it be-r— three or four hall game?' Whippersnapper— ' Make ! it "four, old chappie ; three baUs are very .suggestive, you know.' His Worship— ' I must really make an exarimle of you — yon are here so very often. Prisoner — ' Ijon' t be too 'ard on me, guv'nor, you ain't had any trouble with me for eighteen months. Why, I only came out this mornin' !' She said ine 'Nay,' — ah, aU' my hopes she -. slew, " J list- w hcri I hungered for one small caress. But then — oh; joy !— she said, 'I thought . you knew' ;t" '- : ' ' ;.i 'Nay's' but a woman's way of saying yea.!'" . ; .193. V 