: THE KEEPER OF | THE KEYS. BY F. W. ROBINSON, Author of " Grandmother's Money," "Lazarua in London," " The Courting of Mary Smith," " The Youngest Miss Green," " No Ohnroh," &o.t; &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All tights reserved.] "For him she was purity, charity, the Keeper of the Keys o! whatsoever is held preciouB by men." GEORGE MEREDITH, BOOK I.-FORTUNA. CHAITEK XXXIY.-MR. WICKEKWILL AT HOME. After Mr. Grayemlth had taken hla departure Karl Marney walked from the front parlor to the back to pay a morning call to Mr. Wickerwlll.. He took one more look at his old partner before he did so, as If there were a considerable attrac tion to him In the waxen face under the ehset)) rested his hand for an inBtant on the cold forehead, murmured a few words, covered the face again, and passed onb. There was no difficulty In finding the room-the tronble would have baen to m!aa It In that cramped-tip doll's house, where the space was so limited and the dolls so large and dirty. And sitting np at the table like a huge rag doll that had been very mnch neglected-a-something that waB to be left till called for and then carted away-was Mr Wickerwlll. According to general report Mr. Wicker* will had improved since our first aoqualnt aEce with him, but where tho Improve ment had stepped In was not bo readily apparent. .Fortuna Vanderspur had heard him talking to hla daughter and his daughter answering him ; Rachel Wicker will bad even mourned her father's return to consciousness and intelligence aa to a return to many miseries from which his abnormal state of torpor had kept her free for maDy weeks, and Mr, Grey smith had pronounced Mr. Wicker will as a remarkable, case and really a most Interesting Btudy." From the doctor's point of view, possibly Mr. Wickerwlll was-but he wa3 more start ling and Interesting to the casual ob server. He waB of so unwholesome a color, so leadeny a complexion altogether, and a Btep or two more towards conva lescence-If this were really convalescence! -had not tended to tone down hla objec tionable habit of keeping his tongue out side his mouth with two long yellow fangs -like badly fashioned crlbbage-pega holding on to it tenaciously. Perhaps he did not look so much like a badly con* structed Guy Fawkes aa he did on the night of Yanderspur's late visit, but then Karl Marney had not seen him at his WOK*. He flaw quite enough of him just then, and for an Instant, strong nerved man as he was, he recoiled a step as at) a horror for which he was unprepared. He went forwards slowly again. " Wickerwell-It la many years since you and I set eyes up on each other last," he gald in a deep voice; "do yon recognise me? I am Karl Marney, your old master." Mr. Wickerwlll was not in his easy-chair borrowed from the " drawing-roomhe had been propped np close to the table in a high wooden chair, and pillows tucked in behind him and at the Bide of him to keep him In a perpendicular position, and before him had been placed a big old desk -which was open and full of dusty papers, old letters, scraps of blotting paper, and all the heterogeneous litter common to desks that have bean lying fallow for a while. He had been evidently well enough to look through his papers, or his daughter had thought BO, and had set him to the task, as a child might have been left to fmuse itself In a similar fashion with its toys whilst it guardians were bnay elsewhere away from him, and ha had al most enjoyed himself aa much. Tha daak was open, and he had baen searching for something or elae wallowing ia the general confoBioa. The papers ware ovetflowlug the deak, littering the table, lying In he»ps at hfs feet; he had evidently put hla hand id and tamed everything topsyturvy a3 a stack off, or possibly in a little ebullition ot temper at nob discovering somebhlns; at once of which he was in search-pooplo have done such rash deads who are aoa as c&lm; in momenta of deliberate research aa you ond [ ate, dear reader, who have oeen properly brought op-execabed a charge amongat them, thrust hla hands and tvrm» into "the well," as a laundress mi^ho do into her wash-tab-and Blattered every thing right and left, down to the ground, cp to the ceiling, anywhere-at loaat It looked sb if something of thia kiud had happened at an- earlier period and before Mr. Marney's viait to him ; but if so, Mr. Wickerwill had had time to anbiae any natural iriliability of temperament, and to assume that statuesque, if derisive, pose which had been so particularly aggra vating to the late Mr. Vanderapur. There had evidently been at some time or other of that morning a paper exploaion of con siderable magnitude, bat the storm having blown over, Mr. Wickerwill w&saa; etUl as the obelisk in St. George's Circua, further on. He did not reply to the salutation of the master-head of the eld firm of Soratfcon and Marney, where he had been principal bookkeeper-anymore than he had replied to that other partner who waa in the next room dead of despair at hiving baan unable to get a r"rd ont of him ; and tha blight slits of eyes might be expressive of recognition or utter idiocy, just aa the visitor's imagination might conjecture for itself. Mr, Marney did nob betray hla Impres sions, however, any more than Mr. Wickerwill; he was impassive, too, in hia way, aijd after hia own style possibly aa grim and inflexible. And there was no rousing him to paBalon and sending the bleed to-hls head, as In the csae of hla old psitner. He looked at S£r. Wicker will aa a nan might look at a carloas specimen of natur »l history, and with his head Boaae wl at on one side, aa if the llghb on Air. Wickerwill were not all that could b8 wished. He eventookthellbarfcyof walking round to the back parlor Venetian bliud, and drawing it up vigorously to the top - too vigcrou&ly;, for the string broke in hlH hand beneath hia forcible jerk, and brought the blind rattling down again with a clatter like the firiag off of a sou all park of artillery. Mr. Wi<;kerwlll was not prepared for thia ; he was aware that Mr. Marney had got behind hicn where he could not see him, and the aadden mis take with the blind took away hla 3elf poEFeasIon, and showed, at least, that hia powers of hearing were more acute than th*y had been. He flnng np both hla arms and slob bered out-" Oh ! damn--oh ! don't hurt me"-before ho conld recover hla presence of mind, a>id make a feeble effort to as sume his old Guy Fawkes attitude again. Mr. Marney left the blind a greatar wreck than before, and returned to his place on the other side of tha table, where he could see Mr. Wickerwill more clearly, despite that gentleman's back being to the light. "Yon are able to hear and aee and understand," Marney said In his deep voice ; " how long has this been ?" Mr. "Wickerwill answered In his thick uncouth way, and Marney bent hla head to catch his words " Two days-or so. Bat " There was a long pause and Marney waittd patiently, keeping hia gaza upon the man. No farther respor.Be being forthcoming, Karl Marney said quietly " Go on. I am listening." Mr. Wickerwill went on, aa if in spite of himself, and with a acowl at hia inter locutor. " But-I am not to be worried." "No." "I am-very-ill indeed. Yon can ste." " Yes. I 886." ,CI am getting stronger-slowly," Mr, Wickerwill explained stiil farther; " but a chance word-anything unkind-would kill me-bang off!" "Do yon remember me ?" "Yes. The master." "Have you expected-at any time-to see me here 9" aeked Marney. 41 To come as Vanderapur czme-even for the same reason." " Why-should you come ?" "For the monoy." " What-money V " You know. Vanderapur came for It first." There was a long pause, and the eyelida of Mr. Wickerwill closed over the slits of eyes, as though Mr. Marney's concentrated gaze was a trifle too much for him. StIU the stricken man waa disposed to continue the discussion despite of thia: there waa a ; bad Impression to be removed, if possible -a gigantic error to be rectified. "I-do not-know," he said at last, and with his eyes shut, " upon my-soul -I don't." " Think again." "No money-I have-no money, Mr. Marney," he gasped out, and with in creasing difficulty ; "I call-my God -to ] wit " "Do nothing of the sort," interrupted Marney sternly, "lest He take a robber at his word, and strike him out of life." Karl Marney put hla handa upon the detk and leaned forward aa he spoke, and Mr. Wickerwill ceased protesting, and sab with hla eyes wide open now, and with almost a dead man's Btare in them. He wt&B; afraid of the old master, aa he had not been afraid of Caleb Vanderspur, or elae hia senses had become far more acute since that memorable first viait. There had been in thia room a pass ing away of life and a coming back to life Bince the ghosts of the old firm had flitted In and out of his nsglected home, to scare and even rouee to action hia neglected soul, Here was Karl Blarney, and here was danger; he could see It, realise It, In the eyes which read him like a book. Before thia man there waa no excuse that waa ready-no denial with which he would be satisfied. What did he know-what did he not know ? And why had he come now that the other one waa d?ad and out of the way ? He, Wicker will, was very much afraid-he did not 3ee the end or know how far it was off- for himaolf, for Rachel, for all of them together! And he knew not what to say. It was Rachel who obtruded on their conference, who came Into the room and noted the position, and glanced from one to the other vigilantly, euapicloaBly, beneath her own black brows, " Has lb been the same ridiculous atory, father V' she asked satirically. "Has he . begun where the man in the other room left off ?" Mr. Wickerwill nodded his head. All his speech had been frightened out of him now, and he was not disposed to go on any more. "It Is the old story of the money, then," she said, "as if my father and I would have lived like thia-or been'here at all for that matter-with money at com mand. Even other people's money -for we should not have been more particular than our betters - tnan Mr. Vanderapur, or you, sir! We should have gone away with It-he and I -and not have drudged on, starved on, here. Do you know so much of the world -of the dark Bide of It, Mr. Marney, that Is-aa to give him or me credit for being mora honest than yourself ?" Karl Marney was taken aback by the energy or the argument of Rachel Wicker will-thia was a new phase of her charac ter. He did not understand her. "My partner expected money here," replied Karl Marney slowly ; " he catne here for it-he died with disappointment at not getting It." " Many people die of th&t; complaint." " A few-certainly." "Did you expect ha would get the money 1'' '. I did not know fca was coming a*, all. I Lad nob thought of your father iu this matter." 41J t waa not likely that yoa should," Etid Rachel "Bob "Vanderspar came here la great baste-anrl with the Intention of deriving nu- ; «nd he never acted without a uiouva in i ih life " .'What do- you think then ?' asked Rachel quietly. "I think that he entrusted money to >out f&vber-money; illegally acquired etoJti; moiiey, if you will-and alsrgiisaaa alto^i thyr. Wnab became of it doriftg tha time Riubard Vanderspur lay la pris^u, I do not know-but lie does elctiug th^ra; and prestntly I shall be as wise aa he." Mr. WickersviU's eyelids fhekerod very much, lika a man's ia tho dan, m .Mr. Marney pointed towards hlrct agiia ; t>.is he did not answer. He pat hla ton^aa ous a little more at his old master, si^c t-ia action was purely muscular, and no: iu tended in any way as an" offence. " I am waibiug t>j give you Miaa W.;d c epnr's answer to your meeaage." mid alias Wickerwill, aB if the subject of rha mSEBing money was now finalJy dietnissed alter Mr. Marney'e last remarks Ha looked ab her a trifle disturbed oc aac prleir d, but bowed his head " 1 am all attention," ho said. " I gave your message word for word as you delivered It to mo, aud ehe has been lying up there thinkiug it over, with her hands before hor face, as if ahe wanted time foi her answer," Bald Rachel, shrug ging hor {shoulders-" ridiculous 1" '. G<> on." said Marney. " She blda me tell you, at last--thia," continued Rachel. " That frhe declines all fatlp from you; whether tho motive ba good or had that brings you here she doea know-she has not strength to consider and she doe3 not care." 41 Did Bho aay that?' " Hot the laat, word for word, bat that is what ahe means plain enough. Always to her-&he; Bays this, mlud yoa, Bir you will be the man who was brought about all tho trouble of her life, and his tened the death of her fathar-the man In the nt-xt room ! You have come bask, she Bays, to work evil in e7sry step you take," Rachel went on, and ahs will ba glad and grat&fal; when you go away aud never let her eeeyour face Mr. Marney stood with clasped hands and bowed head as a man might do accaps inga reproof ; Emarting tinder the asnae of a humiliation brought upon ;him that was deserved, however low it cast him in tha dust " I accept," he murmured ; " tell her I will do all in my power to keep away from her. That la the only amend thas1 can make her now." He moved to go and Rachel watched him keenly. The man attracted her by hla earnestness, hla depth of gloom, hU suppressed sorrow and remorse. There was somethiDg in his character] even that reminded her of her own, though she was restleeg, rebellion?, disinclined at every turn to Bay-"this la God's .will- stern, inexorable, just, and I abide by it" the very opposite of Karl Marney in this, at any rate. At the door of the room Karl Marney paused and looked back at his old dark. The eytB had been gllbterlDg athim through ths Blita again, bub they Bhut ab ones aa Liarnc y turned. "The trust money must be found, "Wickerwill," he aald. " It Is neither yours nor mine to keep. I will come again to you -when ahe has gone. Or I will send aom3 one elee. Don'C fail me " Ivarl Marney was standing at the op-n street door a few momenta afterwards. Rachel, with a rusty black bonnet on, fol lowed him into the street aud closed ciia door after her with a noiay alam that ahouk the house. 41 Yon leave her alone-ana ahe requires careful attention, you say," eai-i Mirtsoy ; .* what is ths meaning of this ?' " She will sleep for an hour. It i* h-r time for sleep. The doctor glvea hsr opiates." explained Rachel; " m au hour I shall be back again." "Alone with your father-and the dead." "If she or my father want anything they can knock on the wall, aud they will hear In the nest house and coaie in. I am going to leave the key there now," "lb la a miserable arrangement," said Karl Marney. "I'm sorry we cannot make other alterations to oblige you, It is ail we can do." "I do not like ib," he said thought ! "Ah! that's a pity," replied Mis3 "Wickerwill in her old aliort way. 11 Good morning " " Where are you going 1" he aaked. " Marketing." " Where ?" " Lambeth Walk." £* That is on the other aide of the K<m« nlngton-rcad-down Union-strset-Is Is not?" "Yes. You seem to know the neigh borhood pretty well for a fordgaer,' aaid Rachel. " Perhaps I do." " Well-good day to you." ahe said, turning Into the next forecourt. " And pray don't think, Mr. Marney," ahe added suddenly, and with a strange earnestness for her, "any more about that money. That's sheer madneea-altogether a delu Blon. My God, look ab as both !" " I am not thinking of the money, just now," he answered gravely. She went up the steps of the next house and was surprised to eee that Karl Marney still stood where she had left hltn, as if waiting for her. Why did he not go away-pass from her life as quickly aa he he had come across It, with that grim, Quixotic countenance which changed so llttles and yet which forebode so much ? Had ahe been a nervous women-which, thank God ! ehe was not-which she was never likely to be, not she indeed !-the man would have fidgeted her waiting there as though ha had nob done with her yet as tboogh there were something still upon hie mind-aa though ho doubted her or had something more to Bay. As it was, he Eimply Iriitated her with his persistence, and if he were really waiting for her after all. She left her instructions to her neighbor -a stout} bare, armed, motherly old soal, with a black cap hanging from the top oE a tall back comb like a flag- told her thab Bhe Bhould not be very long, warned her of visitors, apprised her of the coming of the undertakers with bhe coffin, and finally descended tho tall flight of step3 with a half-Ecowl at Mr. Marney. " You have not gone then V' she said shortly. "1 have been waiting for you." "Indeed 1" " I am going your way. I have some thing more to say before we paro." " I wish you had not. I have too much on my mind already," ahe replied. Still they walked away together, and the front parlor blind of No, 480-which was not a Venetian blind, as we Know- ? was jerked aside by a quick Impatient hand, and an awful face left gleaming at the window, pressed close agalnab the glass to eee the last of them, to make sure they were really gone. Was lb the face of the dead man-or of Mr. Wickerwill, who was unable, lb was Bald, to get away from hl3 chair ? One would have been as great a surprise as the other to Rachel Wicker will had Bhe looked back at that juncture -one as great and astounding a miracle aB the other-both the uprising from tha dead, the quickening of the evil Into life, a warning, a menace, even a danger. "Ab last-curse you all-ab laefc," shrieked Mr. Wickerwill after them in his iage, and then the blind dropped, and ha moved aboub the room-with difficulty, but with a celerity thab would have been a matter of aatoniahment to his daughter or to Mr. Greyamith, or to any one who had had the pleasure of hla acqualatancB during the laafa few months of an alarming lllnees, Mr. Wicker will looked askance ab th9 figure under the sheet, and the rigid out line which ib marked out for him-and the lesson which It read to him of ths an* certainly of life and the grim certainty of death-and then he crepo from tha room and closed the door behind hitu. Eta tvaa a horrible figure standing In the passage, a torn, dilapidated, leaden-faced monster, "with itd eyes like a wild beast's-panting like one, looking like one. Ete loans against tha wall for support, aud kicked the rat-trap out of the way and caraed ib for a.n obstruction-then he dropped aud* deniy down on bis handB and kueap, and -looking more like & wild beaBt than erer in that crouching posture-he begau to ecufflw his way slowly op the uuoarpeted rtairs towardB Fortuna's room. 