EE CAME SO "WITH *rre a teats EXTENDED AS THOUGH HE WOULD EMBRACE HEB. In Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVI.—continued. WE SIGHT A SCHOONEB-YACHT. "See that corposant, sir?" rumbled Finn.out of the darkness. "Very well, indeed," "I answered. "Finn, has «xplained," I continue4; ""that light is what sailors call a coipusant— sometimes compreesaat. If we were Catholics of the Columbian period we should tumble down upon our knees and favour it with a litany or oblige it with a hymn ; but being bleak- mindedProtestants all that we can do is to wonder how the deuce it happens to be burning on each a night as this, for I have seen scores of these corposants in my time, but always either in dead calms or in gales of wind. But there it is, Miss Jennings, an atmo spheric exhalation as commonplace as lightning, harmless as the - glow-worm, though in its way one of the most poetic of old ocean's hundred suggestions; for how .easy to imagine some giant figure holding that mystic lamp, whose irradia tion blends the vast spirit shape with the gloom and blinds the sight to it, though by watching with a little loving coaxing of fancy one should be able after a bit to catch a glimpse of a pair of large sorrowful eyes or the outline of some wan giant face." "It is gone," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Hush!" I exclaimed, "we may hear the rustling of pinions by listening." "Mr. Monson, you are ungenerous,": she cried with a hysterical laugh. Suddenly the light glanced and then < flamed at 'the foretopmast head, where; it threw out, though very palely, the form of the lookout man on the topgaLLantyard, whose posture showed him to be crouching with his arm over his eyes. ; "I dare say that poor devil up there," | I exclaimed, "fullyRelieves the fire- bubble j to be a man's ghost." "It is a startling thing to see," ex claimed Miss Jennings. "But Colonials are too young as a people to.be superstitious," said I. "It is only we of the old country, you know, with our moated granges " "What is the hour, Mr. Monson?" "I say, Charles, are you on deck?" shouted Wilfrid from the companion hatch. "Ay; here I am with Miss Jennings. What's the time, Wilfrid, d'ye know?" As I spoke two silver chimes, and then a third, came floating and ringing from the forecastle—three bells, half-past nine. "See that corposant? " bawled Wil frid ; and he came groping up to us. " An omen, by George!" he cried with an odd hilarious note in his voice. '* Laura, marie me, that flame isn't shin ing for nothing. 'Tis a signal light fired by fortune to advise us of some great event at hand." " Quarterdeck there!" came down the voice of the lookout man, falling from sail to sail, as it seemed in an echo that made the mysterious flame a wild thing to the imagination for a moment by its coming direct from it. Hallo i roared Finn. " Can I lay down till this here blasted light's burnt out ? 'Tain't right to be all alone frith it up here." " It is burnt out," cried Finn in a way which showed he sympathised with the fellow. In fact, as the sailor called the light vanished, and, though we stood looking awhile waiting for its reappear ance, we saw no more of it. That ocean corpse candle had shone at the right moment. Likely enough I should have made myBelf a bit merry over my tender and beautiful companion's fears inrevenge for her pouting, pettish wonder ment at the uneasiness which the myste rious voices had raised in me. But Wil frid remained with us for the rest of the evening, and, as I was anxious that he should know nothing about the strange sound, I forbore all raillery. It was mid night when we went to bed. Our talk* had been veiy sober, indeed somewhat philosophical in its way, with its refe rences to electrical phenomena. Wilfrid chatted with excitement, which he in creased by two or three fuming glasses of seltzer and spirits. He told us a wild story of a ship that he was on board of somewhere down off the New Zealand coast, ploughing through an ocean of fire on a pitch-black night with a gale of wind blowing and a school of whales keeping pace with the rushing fabric, spouting vast feather-like fountains of . burning water as they stormed through it He talked like a "■«" reciting a dream or delivering an imagination, and there was a passion in his speech due to excitement and old cognac, along with a glow in his large peering eyes and a play of flushed features that persuaded me of a very de fined mood of craziness passing over his . His fancy seemed to riot in the toarivg fiery scene he figured ; the ship plunging into hollows, which flashed about her bows like volcanic vomitings of flame, tie heavens above black as soot, the ocean waving like sheet lightning to its confines, and the huge body ef the whales crushing the towering surges as they rolled head long through them into a moon-like bril liance, flinging on high their delicate emerald-green sparkling spouts of water, which floated comet-like over them against the midnight of the heavens. On eight bells striking we went to bed. All was quiet on deck ; a pleasant breeze blowing under the hoveling prisms and crystals of the firmament, the yacht lean ing over in a pale shadow in the dusk and seething pleasantly along with a noise rising up from round about her like the rippling of a flag, in the summer breeze. I fell asleep and slept soundly, and when 1 awoke it was to the beating of some body's knuckle upon my cabin door. The day had broken, and my first glance going to the scuttle, I spied through the rtiirfr glass of it a windy sunrise with smoky crimson flakes and a tint of tarnished pink upon the atmosphere. Hallo! Hallo there! Who a that knocking ? " " 'Tis me, sir, _ Capt'n Finn. Can I have a word with your honour ?" ex claimed the skipper, who had subdued Ms voice to a note that was alarming with its suggestion of physical effort. ** Come in, Finn. What is it now ? " The handle was turned, and the captain entered cap in hand. He closed the door carefully and instantly said, "Sorry to disturb you, sir, but baste me for an old duckling, Mr. Monson, if I don't believe the Shark to be in sight." " What?" I shouted, sitting bolt up right and flinging my legs over the edge of the bunk. He glanced at the door, looking an inti mation to me to make no noise. " I thought I'd consult with 'ee first, sir, before reporting to Sir Wilfrid." " Is she in sight from the deck ? " "No, sir." " Have you seen her ? " "Ay, Mr. Monson, I'm just off the t'gallantyard, where I've been inspecting her ever since she was first reported, and that'll be drawing on for five -and-twenty minutes." ''But she is hull down ?" " Tes, sir, and still a schooner yacht at that," said he emphatically. "Mind, I don't say she is the Shark. All I want to report is a schooner with a yacht's canvas —not American cotton. No, sir, canvas like ourn, nothen square forrards, and sailing well she looks. " How heading ? " " Why to the south'ard and west'ard as we are. I'm in your hands, sir. It'll be a fearful excitement for Sir Wilfrid and a terrible blow if it's another vessel." "Oh, but you have to give him the news, happen what will. Wait, however, tall 1 have had a look will you ? I shall be with you in a minute or two." He left the berth, and in red-hot haste and with a heart beating with excitement I plunged into my clothes and ran on deck, passing softly, however, through the cabin; for, though I know not why it should be, yet I have observed that at sea there is something almost electrical in a time full of startling significance like this, an influence that, act as softly and be as hushed as you may, will yet arouse sleep ing people and bring them about you in a dreaming way, wondering what on earth has happened. Pale and windy as the sunrise was, there was dazzle enough in the soaring luminary to stagger my sight on my first emergence. I stepped clear of the companion and stood whilst I fetched a few breaths gazing round me. The sea was a dull, freckled blue with a struggling swell underpinning it athwart the course of the wind as though the coming breeze was to be sought northwards. The hori zon astern was srloomv and vasrue in the shadow of a long bank of clouds, a heap of sullen terraces of vapour rising from flint to saffron and then to a faint wet rose where the ragged sky line of the compac ted body caught the eastern colour. All was clear water, turn where the gaze would. On the topgallantyard the fellow on the lookout lay over the spar with a telescope at his eye ; his figure, as itswang through the misty radiance against the pale blue of the morning sky that south east looked to be kindling into whiteness^ was motionless with the intentness of his stare. If what the tubes were revealing to him was the Shark, then, as he had been the first to sight her, that glittering heavy five-guinea piece nailed to the mainmast was his. It was as much the thought of this reward going from them as curiosity that had sent the watch on deck aloft too to have a look. The last of them was coming down hand over hand as I went forward. Discipline was forgotten in the excitement of such a moment as this, and swabs and squiligees had been filing down without a word of rebuke from Cutbill whose business it was to superin tend the washing of the decks. I sprang into the foreshrouds, and was presently alongside the lookout fellow. " Give me hold of that glass," said I. To the naked eye up here the sail hung trans parently visible upon the edge of the sea, a point of lustrous white like the head of a marble obelisk lustrous with the silver of sunrise. But the telescope made a deal more of that dash of light than this, I threw a leg over the yard, steadied the glass against the mast, and instantly wit nessed the white canvas of what seemed unquestionably a large schooner-yacht risen to her rail upon the horizon where the thin black length of her swam like an eel with the fluctuations of the refractive atmosphere ; but all above was the steady brilliant whiteness of the cloths of the pleasure ship mounting from boom to gaff; a wide and handsome spread with a night of triangular canvas hovering be tween jibboom and topmast as though a flock of seafowl were winging past just there. " Do you know the Shark ? " said I to the man. " I've seen her once or twice at South hampton, sir." " Ib that she, think you ?" "Ay, sartiii as that there water's salt." "Well, there'll be good pickings for you on the mainmast," said, I handing him back the glass. TTia face seemed to wither up between his whiskers to the incredible wrinkles of the smile which shrunk it to the aspect of an old dried apple. I got into the rigging and descended to the deck. The sailors stared hard at me as I went aft. I sup pose they imagined that I was well ac quainted with the Shark, and they eyed my countenance with a solicitude that was almost humorous. Finn stood near the main rigging perspiring with impatience and anxiety, fanning his long face with his cap and sending glances in the direction of the sea, where presently those two alabaster-like spires now hidden would be visible. " Is it the Sluirk, think'ee, sir ?" he cried in a breathless way. - "My good Finn, how the dickens should I know ? 1 know no more of the Shark than of Noah's Ark. But, seeing that the vessel we want is a schooner of some two hundred tons of a fore and aft rig bound our way, and a yacht to boot, then, if yonder little ship be not the chap we are in search of, this meeting with her will be an atrociously strange coincidence." "Just what I think, sir," he cried, stall breathless. " Do you mean to shift your helm for her ? " " She was abeam when first sighted, sir. I have brought her on the bow since then, as ye can see. But I'll head straight if ye should think proper," he exclaimed with a look aloft and around. "Oh, by all means go slap for her, captain!" said L " That you know will be my cousin's first order." " Trim sail the watch," he bawled out. The helm was put over and the yacht's head fell off till you saw by the line of the flashing glass through which the fellow aloft continued to peer that the hidden sail had been brought about two points on the lee bow. All was now bustle on deck with trimming canvas, setting stud dingsails, and the like. The dawn had found us close hauled with the topgallant 'sail lifting and every sheet flat aft, and now we were carrying the wind abaft the beam with a subdued stormy heave of the yacht over the sulky swell. Indeed, Finn should have made sail to^the first shift of helm; but the poor fellow seemed to have lost his head till he had talked with me, scarce knowing how to settle his mind as to the right course to be instantly adopted in the face of that unexpected apparition which was showing like a snow-flake from aloft. For my part, I thought, I could not better employ the leisure that yet I remained than by preparing for what was I to come by a cold brine bath. So down I went, telling Finn that I would rout out Sir Wilfrid as I passed through the cabin and give him the news. 