TRAVEL, TilE PERiLS OF CIAMOiS iriUNT.G. Tum thousands of tourists who hasten in the height of siummer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and exlpebtatidns s td the wonders and rarities whllich the Nciss Hfighlands will offer them; I ahd J?ehaps Itlinting tehn cnaibi Oi& f all expectations, this is the one least likely to. e fulfllled. Few tourists, even among Alpine climbers, have seen the chamois in atit ist elnaib ths Alps still t f i in aregqt or esiuller: e t itat i miii iS ilbbll 1i s uciip~'j tdhe precipitous rock walls with a siflf cbi'g dOuftge, and muscles of iron, I aidd ohns uio fr. orbeing attacked by giddi- r nee~ lheid seated across a rock saddle with a pteilpjcn setepal thous?and feet in depth lidi'i h~ it eliti tfisonablyy hope to see the' beautiful iiinal graziig6h h narriow strip a of grass; hd id mird the sentihel doe, as it i lto0Alssii # Iii all tlirfclli;i lill. iidi r td of iii tris psjlpthliilg delibl' snlts swf nd warn its companions by a shrill whistle, 1 resembling a robber's signal. Should, 1 however, this sentry notice him, the whole v herd speedily disappear like spectres, unless I the locality and chance compel them to i dash madly along the fields of ice. The r cause of thls is that man has so inexorably 1 pursued the graceful animals which, so late as thi beginfliig of this century~ t animated thil mora accessible mbuntand 1 crests, that they ani now dtiztn batk .t the mot saiogu ?liitdes, islid live in the vs?init, of thbiternai sndit, saviinwinter, when they seek a shelter from the intem- ii perance .of the. weatther in forists lbwei t down the oouta .. shining :"ir brightly, the chamois-' will s descen from the mountains and seek more c convenient pasturage, though it ipsalways a at a spot surrounded by rocks: From 9 to f 11 o'clock they enjoy a siesta, but at mid day wend their way upwards again, and v repose till'about 4 o'clock In thile 1inty otf the glaciers. The active animale ale c.c markable sportiv. in .outtminh and early winter, wlihn they frolic aboiut the most dizzy piceipices in wild delight, throw each d othir tldwn In ltith With their horns, and s ~d thibugh the lhobst amusing shilh ii ghts at ti spots wlhere the n'riSt rtlati`aof the bliar I mois-thbsilendidl \ itii Lgi·i- c darns nlt t?ntliir. AL the most inaccessible grass plots of the Steepest .peaks; r on the d ledges scarce a oj9t wid , which i}nd along thie side of p>ecoplce the dntelbo,,of the onnnmtaips ?s .i vthtii itioe and. gre p An'~dtIbsticty f the .sinews. which border on the fabulous- Actiie, gracefdll built, i and .With a. sensible look, the chamois, whiich isdisca-coloured in summer;a d nearl black in 'tinter, -with Its cttebed ailbrilliant eolished horn, is sui pgsingl, beautifuil' its lna?sles. et iia.elasit tiff I st eel eprin~s;" llino tiltW itiili Cteld~i v duiih wi.th glotioli leaps ver abysses ail i its: once. a ravine on the Monte Rosa, which a cliamois had cleared at it leap, was t measiired, aid it Was found to be twenty four feet. in width, The eceht of the chamios Is he splendidly organized as its muscles aied sinewse it sniffs the hiinte 1 standhlg to WthldW?ud for at' Onbtmh11s t distahce, an ih s such .aase litbl'rvs far more s tlisry toti..lid .itiall' s, itlb li If it hiimisdie io its flight dashrl Against 1i rock, itld find's that it can .neither advance nor retreat, it ddtesnotttani loiig.iidecided, s but. teauierse, tlife ,distaniice to tltb ne It stationt with. bld dle'ermlikti'd, 1dttrmpts an imptisbibility, and a bound into the abyss, where it is smashed to atoms, is the 1 end. If a hunter be the sole obstacle in its I return path, it darts back with the speed of 1 an arrow, and the hunter is forced to lie c down at once on his stomach, unless he wish to be toppled over the precipice by the t infuriated animal. If he dues, s, hl.Wever, i the chamois quietly leaps ovbr him, Even in falling, the shsible niiilnal does hbt lose its presence bf mind, and if in thh middl'e bf the prop it notice it p'ojection in thi'i Ittji rok t wall,it Serids its bbdy into it b;ir.b dtirit" t the fall, in ~pkdr tb teach the projectibol, ana is freqllently suc'cessfal in escaping, Such is the nattre of.the animal which men folsow-to. its last hidtflh?lI.e albpnq. dizz: ,paths, ofteh Hvercdmt i It in spite of its wn;l~ti ilualities, its tremendous pace, timidity, and cunning, and carry as a good prize down to the valley; but in the a end they almost always lose the stake they most constantly risk, namely,. their life, 1 Thus the two most celebrated. chamtois hethtersinGlalt-IiD-tavid EricklandRinsper t Bhlut -. ater . killingd.mn hltindrbd chliinis, fell vigtiin.t'd ttbil altdost .dmb nianat p.stlobo ftbe t?llhsit, lli spite of and-thiiztytitektg,ad ho on eWhther the powierfl man was still alb, At length his skeleton, gniebd by vultures and foxes, was fot??d on a slope of the steep AuernAlp. lie must have suffered frightfully, for, judging from a broken foot, aid the spot where his body was found, he had dragged hl?neelf.a long distance after his.fall; and had perished of htitiger and cold, after firing ssltgale ae ditteIs~st th.mb fbhl O?er ni tntlrm piei' ic dosn the Vbtade Glti hissch,, lrIsa.'nl td, ?rpsh,?iln t?t. fdicidill e fdlloin thlue. tyreaders are probably familiar with the itory of the Bernese hihnter, wlio fell through i hiddita crevasse o'n the mucli-freienten. Giinddl. wahl gladier but aehche th1 gioind without avy injury ehidia sed with indes crilbblib tiilliculty through a hollow formed in the glacier by a running stream, till he reached the edge of the ice. But such for tunate escapes are rare, and it has fre quently happened that a mait who has fallen through a crevasse has been com pelled to watt for hours, ay, fo' days and nights, till his et~ipaniofds shtlitbdd ih estaoring him tgtiayglihh b o ins otf ropes ahd sticRs A-it foirtunoates than the djanriy' othas thte biotorioia e hi imnois slaughteter, tlarceis Uolaiil; of 0 itresjha This striineo huiid ditdlhls bnely i ihb hlad m?i?e ~li an enohti~ - ihlnting-ground, into which fl b other hunter cared to venture, and in which lie kept entire herds of half tamed chamois, hoad killed, when he reached his sixty-sixth year,no less than 2,800 head of these animals, a number never attained by any other hunter before or after him. This pince of hunters died quietly in his. bed, a'lthough his death was brought on by the fatigue of c hunting C p editicfel -ThilD~h*bii? *lidh I harballudest art ihtthohWe ti'hisf 'doily nit' whlch mtnace the hlinteer.1i is i gai l ioieditions. The most forinlbablo enemy or the huntdris' indoubtedly, the fog, which, at times, suddenly surroundshim when he has reached the highest glacier ground, and through its extraordinary density does not nllow him to see an inch before or behind him. It is an awful position for a man to be oblleda' t oofrpehies way along apath carobe afoot :bra-,.over'a yawning abyss, 'pr avaid the revscse, trsbhtolesly covered b shpw, tOn the 'ktn'e glsci'B,. It is l . 1along.uf bnarrow 'line df requires all the cdtinessand skill bf thdse men to escape from such dangers. As a gneral~rile, howevnr,.±hey seek a more secure iot, ad at, eit' fastning themselves ato r?zi , btrmeans of the ?a e they always cae with them, so as not to roll over the preenspice, they pass the aight in the im mediate viciity of the e~agles and vultures. It is a gui'"cool bivouac, though, for after the suppier of soup, which the hunLter has Prepare~i in his iron pot, he is often com pelled to protect hnimself agaiist being frozen to death, by walking up and down for houis, br carr??n g a heavy stone back ward ctid forward? The following adventures,?mhich I do not think have bIeen:.before published,.will supply further psmroofe.of the dangers to Wahich the ehamos hunters are expoSed:- :. I went" the ex-chamoie hunterand ex-' cellent :guide, Matrhias Heti, 'of larns, told -thie writer lIt yenr, "when Iwar a adof flftedn, tan waitlout the lrnowledgeof hyti ai-hnsto hint chamois 'on the Biehli Alps. My trouble, and my seeking Were thrown away;"the 'cunning animals hbd scented me. I had not been able toget the windof them, anad wthen , panting, reached the "crest" of the moimtain, I had the plea sure of seeing a small herd of five head dashing down the opposite slope as quickly as greased lightning.: Such a sight is very disagreeable, and I started homeward, as twilight was approaching, in a melancholy nasoth. I first went down a.:place where th ecrumblingrock gayvseay every'moment under my feet, so that, inriality, I'rother rolled down than .wslked, and-thus reached a plateau, on which stood a solitary senner hut, which ?iis a i'onsolation if bad weather delayed mly'ret~rn rome. I had noticed this s?'t h'ccuratkly as"I sett'ui the mun tiin1'sd; "foi"in??ki~" of ble "a nddother thsing, I fell certein thpt a pig must have ,?.,. - ' ' . , ' . . been killed there a fewi. days prieviousiy. Unluickily, there was no one in.the cabin, and it must have been left by its occupants ielj.ie little hfS Ifo which is not at all- aniextraordinait Fn Well; thel, as I wilked ,?l alo a took a peep'at the d d es l,. I iad nfver seenbeefoe rI in o in thi grbwiing 'darkiisi, min, ohidoid head two eyes listenedlike ied-hot bullt5, The etentire did not appear to have any, ?y iledly vle s , fr it, was stil light white fangswhich it ashb's a ek ing. :I .teljyq; friend,,that .ieas eitical moment, and, my young legs began t tremble .inider.ine, Oh I augaway; but 1 am Certain that, under similar circum t1t .; .; otwould have made the most speedy tis' of y-oar .rgarm of locomotion. I should. have dotie foe htd pot the road to retreat been so nitrdeiidof5s 6 ;t TP so that I could not hope. to make i din way.. Desperation has made many a hero before now, and so, with a 'considerable amaout of terror, I raised my rifle, took a tateful aim at the breast of the brute, Whihih rts still gnashing its teeth, pulled S}±!'i .u~,ll asiaf behold you, the valleys: but I hid4 otmucl timeto listel to it, for siuch a frightful ?elling as . d mingled with the echo that my ears still' f ring with it. Looking neither before nor , behind me, I ran past the cabin, down the n mountain, like a sheepi pursued by a vul- n tsure, Only once in my life did I go down s, hill so quickly, and I will tell you how o rqsenm?. Whein I told the tory at home, ith p ioulsl4sjbng facl, seveialneigh- a bouts hit tlji l in; is often the Case o .n'motllits iiillagol, Thud4t aela 'd togO f; to the Ali the nexiit .d' ?in l d?et' hal miohaý .-ligght lia.I .hii/b pdaer o ftt; atstosfc pt?, a; d ý thre mior aioislt.th t curiosity of the iieighlboiuci. TIo sea't a . at daybreak, and what d' you; thimk iit, a folilnd?i ,Cosee to the.?cabin laymy game, with a hple in his chest, frozeni stiff, and it d was a magnificent full-grown male lynx p that had probably come.to fetch its share ci of the chltterliiig soup from the cabin." tl ".Thei next time" sO my original narrator ri went on--" the if? tim o ei; whe I an d down from the mountaind it ii Lfiittr pace a still, was when I started one morning *ii ti ily brotheri', who was several years older, to litit ih the Vorder Gliirnisch. There is a cltiib hflng thrie; I tll y?ol, iwhich not only a hakes y go4t ftet hc?'r? ? 1"mseeing, butd draws tlie .ery miirfb6 bu oaf i0if ,uns , Td craivl alpng d lhdre aitbit the width f g }i.i . g .tot;'On ong asdebo bb the smooth, ci phfpesdcihiid' cdt?l ah''lJbi the blfe sky, aid then, oin goiir 'es d1ii dd e:? it neath you, the deej; btank~ inotling, tfhie p or four thousand feet dep, that might, n iinder c?rtain circumsiances, confiisO the Si strdonget hcad; and if you do begin to feel d giddy, it. is just as if a ghost were pulling Sbythe legs, aniyou fall into the gulf e itlott making your uill of ceiving p "Well, I am a Gilirner, and fi 5ltt?d mi~' brother trotted merrily along over the foul ai ing boulders; until we reached a elope t covered with eternal snow, iicth rai down t into a kettle filled with blocks of granite. r We had to crossa this in order to reach the eppoBilt ci-st; behind *hichl; gtih , as a favurite eateflng-place .it the chamois: ehe~l~ii fely fpieig bn ll-fO ti? f?i e i?ldte . iafigilk dti a Tesrqh iuff;-i' Bii'bed firiF dauntedy up thi stebji slp oh 6the other f, iide of the valley, the shari t?cks which i peered ott of the snow aff ing uis a ety s liseftil ihlilfasst every now and then. After a good half-hoiii- thro-? climbing, we at p length reached, the top, aiid ?o0t, a look g round us. Here was a fresh embarrassmeht 1 f the crest of the mountain consisted of ag rock wall at least ten feet high, which, b from the bottom, had looked quite easy to e cross. This wall, against which we hlad .a really fta otts noses, fose for smine distance r tIUing dlit ci?st of the fiiotiataihi, ttid then kdcamb loiw?r, dud mbig easy to cri'ss. The s hlid tb thb loeier part did iiOt lobbi vi diflcult; if ir kept. clbgi to the rock walli t at t!ie bisb O -fbhih tdhe jialb sunbeams had freed a harrow strip Of iiOnd froin t l Wno . W' therefore walked cautifltslfl onwalsds, ind irtreasid our pace .aa the iroad ,hias tp descend. We went, as it i- ri, b6 6lifas-ic; dw-in bill, through tkh dust-like but deep layer of slid.?; All at once, though, a roaring and buzzing began around. our ears, as if the wings of a thousand vultures were flapping around us, 'Good heavens, (the dust avalanche I eep you head up, od you will be choked I' Sot'the slhouted to me, and that was all ,iltl hir hrob ih .th inferait ror, fu 1 'f'ettiit tsiis fjitefallj'lift ftV;.y la i felhg -as as ii ei$ b(ing ht pht oif mbrtai thro? h .h i, aind then ios=ilehitobf a tnthlin?ttk i' ge'n1n' gBas y , w 'w ch thy mb.tub 5pf brother dragged me back from the edge of 'the precipice on which the avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had com- 1 fortably landed me in a heap of deep snow, after an involuntary leap of three- hundred welblnsasuetd Swiss feet; It was a very pietiliir feeling tat tmi over me, when l at lehgtli sitcetidt }iif r mvting ftr>n ,my yes ,fit fo rwhib4 'hiiltd round Ikeib flub diin tid lbkd ak iti tho thu bottomi: less depths. If tEh i talahihh hfad bhdn a cannonrshot, only ain 'unce of plader ioul4 hate been necessary to send me over the ti ito kingdom come;" . I, sutppose you~. pepit tor chamois hunting was satisfied- fi that' ay, old fellow, and that you behaved in.the Sulhes way as after the glorious shot at the lynx ? " I said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shudder at the thought of his dangerous journey through the air. "Do you think so ?" .he replied, in his peculiar drawling way "When I mande hht lIdap 1 tis o .lonoe ýi lad of fifteen. y spiit ottle, it is tri?; h.id lt h broken ?d shivers in my Hurried jdiurney, but my briothl, tas all right. After wb had beatfn thb onw. Out bt. tir Clothet aS w-ell i od hit tht wiikj, 'iiid i6b easy job, because the avalanche dust holds very tightly together-we both took a hearty pull, started aigain to climb up the steep, which had been fortunately swept clear, and reached thle top all right. Two hours later, a splendid buck was writhing on the ground, which mny brother had driven up to my gun, and we had every reason to be satisfied with our day's work, in spite of the ttifitg Steiddhtt" A few remarks jiair b~ iid?tissible abotat thd huinter's Oqiipmeiint His clothes af' made of coarse, undyed wool, and he carries with him, in addition to a rifle of heavy bore- conical balls have been proved to be unsuitahble-amodeiratelysized Alpinestock, a pouch containing powder, ball, and tele scope, and an iron pot. His food generally 'consists of dheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, which he converts into a comforting soup morning ih, he iake a bttl f heriybit cdywith him alsO.. Thb huihter pays special atten tibih ta hii shoesi .hich are made much after the fashion of the hard chamois hoof they kie 'very strongly sewn, and the soles are covered with sharp nails, so that he may have a foothold on the rocks and ice fields. Ordinary shoes would be in rags after, one day of such walking, and not protect the feet sufllciehtly froth injury. -From the few .cursory remarks I have been able to make, it wlill be plainly seen that chamois hunting has long ceased tobe a sport for gentlemen. Even among the real hunters it is a species of demoniac im pulse, an untamable passion, which, though noble, maybe compared-with that of pro fessional gambiers;- and soiething far 'beyond a thirst foir gli inipels these daring and debpeiate nmen so constantly to risk their lives. At the same time, the majority of the hinteris are, poor, nien, cainble of stsading.any ambi3t of fatigiie, and ac tabitet idith the sllite~t'details' of .the mountains. Thbugh we read'in the news papers every now and then that some prince -or. minister hias recently minade a bold tripI 'thrbiogh'the Bernese Obeirland, and been so fortunate astokill a splendid chamois, I ain 'fiee ' to confess that I always entertain modest doubts as to the truth of the state nient.. I have on some occasions seen the hunters who have accompanied genitlemen sportsmen as guides on a chamois expedi tion laugh most meaningly whlen allusion was:made to such success.. The chimois hunter is a silent, and, at the same time, most practical fellow, and, ned not be ex pected to tell how many ducatsalie earned by surrendering his clash to the honodir of a good shot. It 'a man has a quarrelsome temper, let him alone. The world will soon flind him eiiploymeilt. 'He will ~ston meet with'some 'one strboiger than himnself who will inepiy Shimbetter thal n you can. A man mayflght duels all his life hp disposed to quarrel, 