Children, | _ _ 8 Jit nei Frederick's Ruse. A Story o! Three Mysterious Gold Pieces— The Reward lt;03ived by a Dutiful San. How the Dear Old Mother.^ Letter Touched the Heart of Her Sov- ; ereign—Days of Peace and j Plenty That Came Because a Lad | Honored His i Mother. ! One eummer morning, a great many years ego. a boy was lying sound asleep on a bench in one cf the rGorna at Saos-Scuci (the country palace of the Kir.g ol Piussis) with all bis clothes on. Very gay clothes they were5 from the trim blue jacket, with its embroidered cuffi and shining brass buttons, down to the smart sheet', with their weil pclished Etscl buckles. I3ui the poor listie fellows face was not as gay ss bis dress by any means. It looked sadly pale. and as worn and tired as if he had been up all nigh®. So indeed he bad. for tough old lung -Frederick, who coald work from four in the morning till ten at night without seeming a bit worse, eo rue times forgot that bis poor little page-hoy was not as itrosg as himself, and would often keep him on duty till Ksri lei! asleep from sheer fatigue, juEt as he appeared to have done now. A'.i at once a beil rang sharply in the nest room. At that signal the page ought to have jumped up and gone in to receive hia orders for the day, as he had to the first thing every morning, no matter at what hour he had gone to bed. But he was eo iasi asleep that he never heard it; and the bell rang again still more efcarply without say anewer. Then the door of the inner room opened, and oat cause a very arrange figure in deed. It was a small; lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform coat and a pair of long ricling boots, which looked as though they had not been cleaned for a month - and as if he were not untidy enough already, he had smeared the whole front of his coat with Biuff, which fell c£f in flakes whenever he moved. Bi= face might have been carve l in eisne, so cold and hard did it look; but in ttie midst of it there gleamed an eye Eo elear and bright and piercing that it seemed to go ri'-rhfc through every one upon whom it rested. But lor this commanding glance one ■ would most likely have taken him for a ; beggar, and have wondered what business j such a slovenly old fellow could have in the j palace at ai;. r.us in reality this queer, shabby little old j man was eo other than King Frederick of j Prcs?hi himself. lbs grcstect General and \ statesman in ire world, and famous through- 1 out all Europe under the name of "• Frederick : the <;/car." j 0_;c could see by the flash of his eye and j ihe set of his hard old in juih, as he e-jaie j guiding cut, that he was very angry ai being ! kept wailing, and ;li.it a ierriole scolding j awaited the poor little page, who lay sleeping ] there so pescpfuHy. knowing nothing at r.'ii j about it. But as the King's eye fell upon the 1 Isivr unconscious face his mocd seemed to j charge. ] *■ Hum 3" muttered he, with the very ghost of a enji'e nickering over his iron Itierr. 1 How j famcibly the joung dog sleeps! I only wirh j I could have suuaa nap now and then. O^ie j ein sea that fee hasn't got to worry hiniseir ! aboiu. governing Hve millions c± men, or • csiryieg tn war against live nations at osae. II*! wbai's this '' A crumpled sheet cf coarse paper, which seemed to have dropped from Kill's ha ad, was lying on the iloor-bsside him. I The King pickcd it up, and these wire the ! first words that caught his eye. written in j the shaky, straggling hsnd cf a very feebb j old woman : j ' I thank you much, my dear child, for the j money that you have eo kindly sent me, j which has been a great help. Take your old ! mothers blessing for it, and see that yo-j ' always do your best so be a worthy a^d fauh- j ful servant to our master, the. King, whom | God bless and preserve." ] As he read that simple message the 1 soldier-king's grim face softened ss no chs ! had ever stc-n it eotcen before. Perhaps the i memory of Lis own mother, dead years a^o, | rc;.e up in his mind once more ; perhaps"hs j was touched by the old woman's prayer for j himself, or by the discovery that this hsd | been the boy's last thought before he fell j asleep. j Were alt my subject like thai," he mat- ] mure:: " I should ba the 3-iekiesa Ming in j Europe. Asia so he has been saviour money j from his wag's {-usd poor c-ncuj-h wagrs ; they are, I sni sur<) to send, to Iks mother I i Well done, my hoy ; thou sis a true 1'rus- j gian| At that moment Ksri moved slightly, as if 1 about to awake. | The King i;o»*c;d it, and a nc-w idea ap- j pearcd to strike fcim, which must have been j a droll ouc from the mcnienia-y f winklethss i lighted up his stern eves. | ■Ye?, that -viii ba the b?st way.'' sai l i;s • to himself,,! and a flne sm- nise ii will be to : him.:' | fi'.eppiiig back into the room whenee he j bad is-uod (which e:rtain'y had wry little j rojal luxury" about it, for i; \vas almost as \ bare as a e±ule-shed, with no furniture save ' a bittered deal table and a broken cSuir). j Frederick hunted in the table draw< •• tiii he ! rummaged out a wail-worn Wiitinu cie-o, | from ore :i the pockets cf which he took: three gold coinr. ] Torse he th'nped into the pace's pocket j along wish the loiter, taking f;itaiV:hie uc; to ] awoke biro in doing so. Tfaen he jans: his bell vi&leju;"'y and calied out: ~ I K«i, cooie here P | Tiie sharp, stern voice cffoctually roused j our hero, who started up at once, and di e?.- j back in dismay as he sa'w Frederick's keen eyes l:sc-d upon liim. I " 1'ii'Qon, your msj eiy, pardon ttans- : mered he. '• [ wss—' ! Aiver mind about thai josi now." inter- i runted the Ivng. "Cjme in lure and ges ! your orders." " ! As lvtrl sprang eegaiy foward to cbey,the ] money, wbie'n had been put losely into his uockej, rolled out again, and fell ringing and auicki'ng upon the floor. '■ Hello, ycung man i" cried Frederick, " yon ought to be a good dial richer iban 1 am if >"U can f.fioid to liing ycur money sbaat like that." ] "Oh, sire!" cried the boy, itcplorisrriy, ' " i don't know anyihing about this money. ■ I don't indeed! Somebody mi:at hsva i means to ruin rne by putting it into av i pocket, and then saying that 1 bad stolen j " No," said the King, gravely, "that moeey j is tJod's gift to you, to help you in assisting j year mother. \\\Tiite and iili her tbas I j know all about her. and the£ Til take care ol her, and you, too." j And jiing Frcdeiick kept his word. j 