Chilton's Column, ON A MOUNTAIN TRAIL. [BV HAHUV PEftav HOBINSO.N.I [From St. Nicholas. ] We had no warning, It was as if they had deliberately lain in ambush for us at the tuns in tbe trail. They seemed suddenly aud silently to rise ou all sides of the sleigh ftb once. It is not often that the grey timber wolvesj or " black wolves," as the mountaineers call them, are seen hunting in psoks, though tha animal is plentiful enough among the foothills of the Rockiee. As a general rale they are met with singly or in pain. At the entl of a long and severe winter, however, they) sometimes come together in bands of fifteen or twenty; and every old mountaineer hav ai tale to tell—perhaps of his own narrow, escape from one of their fierce packs, perhaps of some friend of his who started one dayui winter to travel alone from camp to camp/ and whose clean-picked boneB were founa beside the trail afterward. It was in February, and we, Gates and myself, were driving from Livingston, Mon^ tana, to Gulch City, fifty miles away, with a load of camp supplies—a barrel of flooSriaacl some baooc, coffee, and beans; a blanket ot two, and somo dynamite (or "giant powder,". BB the miners call it) for blasting; a few picks and shovels, and other odds and itndhf We had Btaited at daybreak. By 5 o'clock in the evening, with some ten miles more ta travel, the worst of the trail was passs3^ There had been little snow that winter,SOC that even in the gulchss and on the bottoms the exposed'ground was barely covered f while on the steep slopes snow had almost disappeared, leaving only ragged patches o£ white and under overhanging boughs, and a thin coating of ice in the inequafltes of the* hard, frost-bound trail, making a treacheronf footing for the horses' hoofs. The first forty miles of the road had lain entirely over hills—zigzagging np one side o£ a mountain only to zigeag down the ottier-* with the dense growth of pine and tamaracfl and cedar on both sides, wreathed here, and there in mist. But at last we were clear of the foot-hills and reached the leyel. Th0 tall forest trees gave place to a wilderness of thick nnderbrnsb, lying black in the evening air, and the horses .strong conteDtedly iron tbe steep grade into the level trail, mier* at last they oonld let their legs move jroely ina trot. Hardly had they ssttled Into their stride^, however, when both animals ehied violentlyi to the left side of the trail. A moment latet, they plunged back to tbe right side so «u<£> denly as almost to throw me off into thflL brush. , , Then ont of the earth and the shadow 6f the bushes tbe grim, dark forms seemed to rise on all sides of ns. There was Bot * sound—not a snap nor a snarl; but in thogathering twilight of the February eyenhg we saw them moving noiselessly over' that thin ooat of snow which oovered the ground*' In'the uncertain light, and moving as rapidlg as we did, it was impossible to gaess hotl many they were. An animal which jraa <n»' moment in plain sight, running abreast of the horses, would the ,nept moment bp lost pi the shadow of the bnshes,. while two more dark, silent forms wonld edge np to take ita place. So, on bptlv sides of us,, they kepV appearing and disappearing. In' the Teatt half a dozen jostled one aaotber to pub nearer to .the flying sleigh—a black mass thatfilled the whole width of the trail. Behind those aeain others, less clearly visible, crossed and reorossed the roadway from side, to side. There might-be twenty in all—or thirty—Qf forty. It was impossible to telL For a minute I did not think of dahgeiS The individual wolf is the most skulking and cowardly of animals, and oniy by some such experience as we baa that night does abunter. leam that wolves can be dangerous, 1 Ball soon the storieB of the old moantaineerscamscrowding into my mind, as the horses, terri-; fied and snorting, plunged wildly ata& thonarrow trail, while the ghost-like formsgodeif patiently alongside—appearing, diiappe^flag, and reappearing. > The silent pertinacity with wli .b, apparently making no efforti they kept pace beside the flying horses -waahorrible. Even a howl or a yelp or a-growt wouldJiave. been a -relief. Bat not sp much as the sonnd of their footfalls on the snow. could be heard. ^ At the first sight of the wolves I had drawn my revolver from the leathern oase ia-whiehf it hung suspended from my belt. Gates* handling the reins, was entirely oocapfecv with the horses; but I knew, without need of words, that he saw our pursuers understood the peril as well as L "Have yon your gnn?" I shouted In ear.' A negative shake of the head was all answer. So we mast trust to the six onrtf ridges in my revolver. * r Bow many wolves are there, do yoa supf pose ?" again I called. Again he shook his head, as If to Bay that he oould not gness, Soi the minutes passed and we swept ohf rising and falling and swaying with the Inequalities in the trail, Tbe dark forms, growing more indistinct eaoh minute, were hanging doggedly to the sleigh. ... , Suddenly I became aware that a wolf rtl almost at my elbp wj its head waB on a level with my waist as t sat is tbe low sleigh. Ia the darkness I coald plainly see the whit* teeth and the dim cirdeof the eyes, f hardly aad to lean ovef at all to plaoe the m^zzlaof *he-revolver within a foot of tbe gieat round aead before I fired.--I- saw the black form roll over and over in the enow M we west by. Simultaneously, two other Bhadowy sliapet' that had been running abreast of the horses? in—advance of the animal that was shot, dropped back; and looking over my shoaldee I-coaldeee them throw themselves upon thefewonnded fellow. As the seagalls, following in the wake of a vessel in mld-oceao, swoopfrom all directions npon tome floating aoisit that baa been thrown' overboard, so from both sides of tbe trail the dark figure!i rahet ' together into one struggling mass behind- th» sleigh ; and for the first -time we heard then* snapping and -snarling at one another they tore their comrade to pieoes. The horses appeared to know that In sottftway a gleam of hope had come. They ceased ' plunging and seemed to throw all their ener* aies into putting as wide a space as possible between them and the yelping pack behind. How long would! the respite be ? Seoond£ passed until half a minute had gone. Then a. minute. Could it be that they had left ns-i that the horrible race was over? But even as the hope was forming itS9lf in. my mind, I became aware of a dim, grey, thing moving beside me. A moment later enotherappeared, close ly the hones' heids, and behind ns the trail was again full ot ihajostllngpsck. . ' . It was terrible beyond expression, the utter nolselestmess with which-they resumed their places—apparently tireless; keeping pace with the-racing bones withont-a slgn of effort; patient as fate itself. Have yoa ever; been on a fast steamer—say a P. & O. boat iir Indian waters where tbe sea is transparent^, and, leaning over the stern, watch a shark following the vessel? If so, you remember how, hour after hour and day after day, the dark, vagaeHy outlined body, not more dis^ tinot than the shadow of a cloud npoa the waves, stayed, motionless, to all appeuranoe* just so maBy feet aft in the ships wake, n» matter bow fast she asovsd. To me, ud X think to every one who has seen it, that silent, persistent, haunting presence is th® very embodiment of ruthless *nd untiring; cruelty. There, in the twilight and shadow, was the same silence, the same indisttnotneasrf the same awing, impression -of motiopleeaspeed, the same horror of the inevitable) in that pursuit by the wolves. Bnt soon tneir tactics changed. BitbeC they had grown bolder or the wolf they baft eaten among them had., pat a keener edgo upon their appetites. There were- now four or five of the-ghoetlike forms moving abreaeftof the Hones on my side' ol wis sleigh alone^ On the other side more were visible. Theyj were now closing in npon us with determbun tiob. Suddenly I saw one make a spring at the throat of the off bone, and, missing h» aim, fall back. The horses had been terrified before; from that moment they lost all control of themselves. Neither the driver's voice nor his hands npon the reins had anj( influence npon them as they tore wildly down the narrow path between the bashes^ Bnorting, thrown g their heads from ride to side, and breaking now and again into shorta shrill neighs of terror. The breath from their nostrils and the steam from their bodies made a white cloud in the wintry night air* almost enveloping them and us, and at times blotting oat of eight the wolves beneath. Bat the pack was again closing in. In front of all I oould see one tanning under the very noses of the hones, keeping jast beyond tha reaoh of their hoofs, and evidently waiting for the right moment to make a final leap al their throats, Leaning forward, and steadying my aim as well as I oonld in the rocking sleigh, I fired fall at tbe whole dark mass in front. Apparently tbe ball passed harmj lessly through tbeoi, bnt In an instant all ha9 vanished—behind *nd into the bushes—as * swarm of flies vanish ~st the waving of • handkerchief. Only for a seoond, however* and one after another they were back again. A seoond shot, fired again at random inM the mass, was more stcoessful; sad ones, more .we saw them drop"-back and crowd gether In the trail behind as while tbe snap* piog and snarling grew fainter as the horse* plunged on. •. •' Half of the last ten miles bad now bestf. travelled, and five more wonld bring us to Gulch City and security. TfarmrattemratTC that raoe was unspeakable: tbe Barrow hn£ cf the trail lying white aheadof nsand behind OB between the dark borders of the brush, eeen fitfully through the steam from the > maddened horses. a 'C ' > J Bat the respite this time was shorter than Swfore. Oaoe more our iBlentlessloes gathered VOnnd u», silently, one by one. The wolves seemed to know u well SB we that time was ehort and escape lay not far away ; for hardly -bad the paok settled In their places round as before I saw one animal throw himself recklessly at the horses' throats. There was a sadden mad rearing up of both the horses, a wild, despairing neigh, a short yelp from the wolf 1 'a throat, and the dark form that had seemed to hang for a moment, leech-like, to the oheet of one of our brave beasts was beaten down nnder the hoofs The others did not wait even for the sleigh to pass, bat leaped upon the struggling form even as the ranners were upon it. la my excitement I did a, foolish thing. Leaning over, and 'thrusting my revolver almost against the skins of the fierce brutes, I fired two shots in quiok succession. They had their effect, I snow, for I saw one of the <dark figures throw itself convulsively oat of the mass into the brash, where others sprang «pon it, and a death-cry went up in the nfgfat •air. But we could ill spare the ammunition. This idea evidently occurred to Gates, leaning suddenly towards ine, but with his •eyes fixed on the horses and the road ahead, be c tiled— "How many shots have you left?" " Only one." n " Not even one apiece for us ? And I knew that he was in earnest. I knew. Also that he was right; that it would be better -to die so, than to be torn to pieces by that snarling, hungry orew. ' ";' But it was too late now. Five "shots out of the six were spent, and twenty minute* yet most pass before we could ieaeh the camp. And even while these few words were being •aid the paok was close upon as again. Fiercer cow, and more determined'than ever to make an end of it, th'ey crowded around. One even flung himself at the low ride o! the •leigh to snap at me, and his teeth caught for a moment in the sleeve'of my coat as I struck him on the head with the olenched hand holding the pistol. On both sides, too, they jostled each other to reacjh .the flying horses, and I knew that tn a'Tetoecdndroorelmust sacrifice the last cartridge'in my revolver. As a forlorn hope I snatched the buffalorobe which lay on Gate's knees, and threw it to them. But they hardly stopped to tear it to pieces. There was more satisfying food in the slei&h.; And they closed around the 'boraes agafn. For the first time Gates turned to look at me. "Jaot!" he called exoitedly, "the giant powder 1" For A moihent I did cot grasp his meaning. SeeiDgTnjrindeclBlon he.shouted again— •• The*isrit powder, Jack !" • • Then it (tame to me. Thrusting the pistol into |tjL3>Me, I scrambled over into the rear part jKjgte slekb, and as Idid so the wolves. that were following behind fell back a few feet. HftstUx fumbling among the various Supplies, C-ftrand the old sack in which the sticks of dynamite were wrapped, and with them the .email paokage of ' caps and fuse. Taking thfeeof the stioks, I tied them tightly together,with my handkerchief and, quiokly fitting the eftd of an inch of face—for, in this case, the shorter the pieoe the better—into a cap,-J thrust the latter into the-oentre of the three stioks. I was still at work, when a. sudden swing of the sleigh-and a ory from Gatdr^tfirnfcd me that something was the matter, The horses were plunging violently, and ws the near horse reared I saw that a wolf had leapted upon its withers and was clinging, with its teeth aptnrently in the aide -of the horse's neck. In their terror, the horses had stopped, and -were, aotually backing na into the brash. Something had to be done, and with some vague hope I fired into the lanahai from the revolver Into the dark circle which already surrounded the plunging horses. The shot had ita effeot, for one of the brntes leaped into the air with a yelp and fell baokjrard into the bushes. ThehorseB, too, •pram; suddenly forward, and the wolf that ma CUD Ring to it fell to the ground and «as trampled under the hoofr, In an instant those of the pack that had not already flung themaelveaupon the wounded animal in the bushes rushed upon this one that was lying lifeiqss or stunned from the horses' feet; and -once' more, for a 'few seconds, we had breathing space, and the sleigh sped along throdgh the keen air, our enemies snarling and quarreling behind us. Bui the last shot was spent 1 Turning my attention again to the giant powder, I fixed the cap, and fuse more firmly in thrir place, and taking off my belt wound that tightly round the whole. Bound that agaii£l wrapped one of the old aaoks, and tearing off my coat made an extra oovenng of that,.knotting the eleevee tightly on the outside, that the ravenous teeth might be delayed In tearingihe bundle apart Crouching down In the sleigh, I lighted a matoh, and as I did' BO I saw that the wolveB were npon na again, appaten&ly; as numerous and aB tireless as -ever. The match went out; and a second. Crouehing lower still, I made a barricade -against the wind with anything I could lay my hands on in the sleigh, and at last a dull led spark caught the end of the fuse. The paok was already crowding round the terrified horsee, whioh, ft eeemed to me, were -almost worn out, and moved more heavily. than ^heretofore. And how slowly the fuse burned! Nursing it carefully with my hands, I blejr.upon the spark and kept it glowing aB It ate "its way slowly into, the cotton. Why hid I not made it shorter ? Every moment I expedhdtri feel the sudden jolt whioh told that the wolveB had pulled down one of the feorsoh andthatthe end had opme 1 At. last the ~dnll red glow'.Jiad almost Yeaohed the end. of the cap. A few seoonda more'-and it would explode. Thrusting the bundle hastily into another saok, forgetting even rthe wolves.in my terror lest it should explode in my hands, -I threw it with all my. force - into the midst of the moving form* •breast of the Worses, The beasts flung tbftmsjalves nj>on It, and as Me swept by the whole pack was again collected into a struggling,'snarling heap beside the trail. We were sweeping round a curve in the road, and before the horses had taken a dozen strides, the brush shut out the path behind us and the wolves.. A moment later and the itfr and the earth fchoot around us. I was still half standing, clutching the low side of 'the Sleigh, and the oonouision threw ma npon my iaoe. The report was not the crash.«f a cannon nor the aharp notf e of gunpowder, /but a dull, heavy roar like an instantaneous clap of' distant thunder.' The stillness' that followed was Intense, but I thought that I heard from the direction where' the wolves had been one broken, muffled howL What had been the effect of it? Both Oates andmyself leaned forward and with voioe and band urged the horses on. When would those grim,' grey, ruthless forms reappear?.. The leconds passed; minute followed minute, and the hones, breathing painfnlly, laboured -on over the level trail. With every yard travelled hope grew Mronger, until leaning over again I said to G»te»- " I don't believe they're doming, Charlie." But his pnly reply WSB a shake of the reins fend sftother-word to the horses. Thm -vnddenly there name a twinkle of light in the distanoe. The brush fell away from-the trail and the white expanse of the 4deaijag*pf Gnloh City was betore as, For -a distanoe of fifty yards, at a point about a mile and a half north of Gulch City, the old Livingston trail bad to be abandoned. It would have been more labour to repair it thanoto dear a ne# pathway through the brusVj^ And- when I left that part of the country two- yean afterward, the paokers would still fcrn out of their jvay for a minute to lottc at "Giant Hole," arid^to kick up out of the weeds and brash that had grown amo4& ft the skull or part of the skeleton of • wolf.- - • 