THE DAY OF REST: MODERN SPIRITUALISM. By Rev. DR. Talmage. "Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at Endor. And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night; and he said, I pray thee, divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall name."—1 Samuel xxviii. 7,8. I have recently become a spiritualist. At least, so some of the journals of that false .belief declare. This, together with the fact that "mediums" are now being tried in courts, setting millions of people to make inquiry in regard to communication between this world and the next, leads me to preach this sermon. Trouble to the right of him and trouble to the left of him, Saul, the King of Israel, knew not what to do. As a last resort, he concluded to seek out a spiritual medium, or a witch, or anything that you please to call her—a woman who had communications with the spirits of the hidden world. It was a very difficult tung to do, for Saul had either slain all the witches, or commpelled them to stop business. A servant one day said to King Saul," I know of a spiritual medium down at the village of Endor." "Do you?" said the king. Night falls. Saul, putting off his kingly robes, and putting on the dress of a plain citizen, with two servants, goes out to hunt up this medium. Saul and his servants after a while reached the village, and they say, "I wonder if this is the house;" and they look in, and they see the haggard, weird, and shrivelled-up spiritual medium sitting by the light, and on the table sculptured images, and she stands there, holding the candle or lamp above her head, and peering out into the darkness, she says, " who is here?" The tall King informs her , that he has come to have his fortune told. When . she hears that she trembles, and almost drops the light, for she knows there is no chance for afortune teiler or spiritual medium in all the land. But Saul having vowed that no harm shall come to her, 1 she says, "Well, who shall I bring up from the dead?" Saul says, " Bring up Samuel. That was the prophet who had died a little while before. I see her waving a wand, or stirring up some poisonous herbs in a cauldron, or hear her muttering over some incantations, or stamping with her foot, as she cries out to the realm of the dead, "Samuel! Samuel!" Lo, the freezing horror! The floor of the tenement openB, and the gray hairs float up, and the forehead, the eyes, the lips, the shoulders, the aims, the feet, the entire body of the dead Samuel, wrapped in sepulchral robe, appear to the astonished group, who stagger back, and hold fast, and catch their breath, and ehiver with terror. The dead prophet, white and awful, from the tomb, begins to move his ashen lips, and he glares upon King Saul, and cries out, " what did you bring me up for? What do you mean, King Saul?" Saul, trying to compose and control himself, makes this stammering and affrighted utterance, as he says to the dead prophet, " The Lord is against me, and I have come to you for help. Wliat shall I do?" The dead prophet stretched forth his finger to King Saul and said, "Die to-mornnv! Come with me into the sepulchre. I am going now. Come, come with me!" And lo! the floor again opens, and the feet of the dead prophet disappear, and the arms, and the shoulders, and the forehead. The floor closes. Oh, that was an awful and a blood-chilling seance! L I learn from this subject that spiritualism is a very old religion. Spiritualism in America was born in the year 1847, in Hydesviile, Wayne County, New fork, when one night there was a loud rap heard against the door of Michael Weekman; a rap a second time; a rap a third time; andallthreetimes, when the door was opened, there was nothing found there, the knocking having been made seemingly by invisible knuckles. In that same house there was a young woman who had a cold hand passed over her face, and there being seemingly no arm attached to it, ghostly suspicions were excited. The excitement spread. There was a universal rumpus. The Hon. Jndge Edmunds, declared in a book, that he had actually seen a bell start from the top shelf of a closet, heard it ring over the people that where itanding in the closet; then, swung by invisible hands, it rang over the people in the oackparlour; "le folding and floated through the folding doors to the front parlour, rang over the people there, and then dropped on the floor. N.P. Talmege,Senator of the United States, afterwards Governor of Wisconsin, had his head quite turned with spiritualistic demonstrations. The tables tipped, and the stools tilted, and the bedsteada raised, and the chairs upset, and it seemed as if all the spirits everywhere had gone into the furniture business! Well, the ' people said—"We have got something new in this muntm it is n. tiAWHtfieinn!" Oh no. mv friend. country; it is a new religion!" Oh no, my friend, - thousands of years ago we find in our text a spiritualistic seance. Nothing occurring in the spiritualistic circles of our day has been more strange, mysterious, and really wonderful than things which have been seen in past centuries of the world. In ail the ages there have been necromancers, those who consult with the spirits of the departed: charmers, those who put, their subjects in a mesmeric state; sorcerers, those who by taking poisonous drugs, see everything, and hear everything, and tell everything; dreamera, people who in their sleeping moments can see the future world and hold consultation with spirits.. Yes, before the time of Christ the Brahims went through ail table-moving, all the furniture excite ment, which the spirits nave explored in our day; precisely the same thing over and over again, under. the manipulations of the Brahims. Now do you say that spiritualism is different from these? I answer, all these delusions I have mentioned belong to the same family. They are exhumations from the.unseen world. What does Chid think of all these delusions? He thinks so severely of them that He never speaks of them but with liv*l thunders of indignation. He says—"I will be a swift witness against the sorcerer," He says—"Thou s(g^t not suffer a witch to live." And lest you might make some important distinction between ■ spiritualism and witchcraft, God says, in so many words—" There shall not be among you a consulter of familiar spirits, or wizard, or necromancer; for they that do these things are an abomination unto tire Lord." The Lord God Almighty, in a score of passages, which I have not now time to quote, utters Git indignation ggufnst all thisgreat family of delusions. After . H. Stiff further, we learn uom this text how peoplefall fall into spiritualism. Saul had enough trouble to kill ten men. He did not know where to go for relief. After a while he resolved to go and see the witch of Endor. He expected that somehow she would afford him relief. It was his trouble drove him there. And I have to tell you now that spiritualism finds itB victims in the troubled, the bankrupt, the sick, the bereft. You loaejour watch, and you go to the fortune-teller to finuwhere it is. You lose a friend, yon want the spiritual world opened so that you may have communication with him. In a highly wrought nervous and utterly diseased state of mind you go and put yourself in that communication. This is one su'cag reason why I bate spiritualism. It takes advantage oi one in a moment of weakness, which may come upon us at any time. "We lose a friend." The trial is keen sharp, suffocating, almost maddening; If we could marshal a host, and storm the eternal world, and recapture our loved one, the host would soon be marshalled. The house is so lonely. The world is so dark. The separation is so insufferable. But spiritualism says—" We will open the fature world, and your loved one can come back and talk to you. Though we may not hear his voice, we may hear the rap of fafs hand. So clear the table. Sit down. Put your hands on the toble. Be very quiet. Five minutes gone. Ten minutes. No motion of the table. horesponge from the spirit world. Twenty minutes. Thirty minutes pass. Nervous excite ment all the time is increasing, turty minutes. The table shivers. Two raps from the future world. The letters oi the alphabet are called, over. The departed friend's name is John. At the pronuncia tion of theletter "J," two raps. At the pronuncia tion of the letter " O", two raps. At tire- pro nunciation of the letter " H," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter " N," two raps; There you have the whole name spelled out. J-o-h-n, John. Now, the spirit being present, you say : ."John, are you happy?" Two raps give an . affirmative answer. Pretty soon the "hand of the medium begins to j twitch and toss, and'begins to write out, after paper and ink are furnished, a message from, the eternal world. What is remarkable, the departed spirit, although it has been amid the illuminations of the heavens, cannot spell as well as it used to. It has lost all grammatical accuracy and cannot write as distinctly. I received a letter through a medium once. I sent it back. I said—" Just please to tell those gbosts they had better go to school and get improved in their orthography. Now, just think of spirits, that the Bible representa-dre enthroned in glory, coming down to crawl under the table, and break crockery, and ring tea-bells before supper is ready, and rap the window shutter on a gusty nighti Is there any consolation in any such poor, miserable work compared with the thought that our departed Christian friends, now rid of pain and languishing, are in the radiant society of Christ and Heaven, and that we shall join them there, not in a stifled and mysterious half-utterance."Wtiich makes the hair stand on end and the cold dulls creep along the back, but in an unhindered and illimitable delight? And none shall murmur or misdoubt. When God's great sunrise finds us out , III. I learn, still further, from this subject, that spiritualism and necromancy are unmistakeably affairs of darkness. Why did not Saul go in the daylight? He was ashamed to go. Besides that, he knew that this spiritual medium, like all her successors, performed her exploits in the night. The Davenports, the Fowlers, the Foxes, the spiritual mediums of all ages, have chosen the night or a darkened room. Why? The majority of their wondera have been delusions and cheats; and deception prosper best in the night. Some of the performances of spiritualistic mediums are not to be ascribed to fraud, but to some occult and mysterious law that after a while, I suppose, may be demonstrated. But I believe that now 999 out of every 1,000 achievements on the part of mediums are arrant and unmitigated deceit. The mysterious red letters that used to come out on the medium's arm were found to have been made by an iron pencil that went heavily over the flesh, not tearing it, but so disturbing tne blood that it came up In great round letters. The witnesses of the seances have locked the door, put the key in their pockets arrested the operator, and found out by searching the room that hidden levers moved the tables. The sealed letter that was mysteriously read without opening, have been found to have been cut at the side, and then afterwards slyly put together with gum arabic; and the medium wno, with a heavy blanket over his head, could read a book has been foBnd to have had a bottle of phos phoric oil, by tiie light of which anybody can read a book; and ventriloquism, audi legerdemain, and sleight-in hand, and optical delusion for nearly everything. Deception being the main staple of mflei " " ■ modem spiritualism, no wonder it chooses the dark ness. You have all seen strange and unaccountable things in the night Amost every man has at some time had a touch of hallucination. Some time ago I had been over-tempted to eat something indiges-' tible before retiring at night, "and I saw the Presi dent of one of the prominent colleges astride the foot of the bed, while he demanded of me a loan of t cents. When I awakened I had no idea it was any thing supernatural. And I have to advise you, if you hear and- see strange things at night, to stop eating hot mincepie, and take a dose -sf antibillious medicine. It is an outraged physical organism, enough to deceive the very elect after sundown, that does nearly all its work in the night. The witch of Endor held her seances at night; so they all do. IV. Still further:—I learn from tuy text that spiritualism is doom and death to its disciples. King Saul thought that ho would-get help from the "medium," but the first thing that he sees makes him swoon away, and no sooner is he resuscitated than he is told be must die. Spiritualism is doom and death to every one that yields to it. It ruins the body. Look in upon an audience of spiritualists —cadaverous, weak, nervous, exhausted, hands clammy and cold, voices sepulchral and ominous, bewildered with raps. I never knew a confirmed spiritualist who had a healthy nervous system. It is incipient epilepsy and catalepsy. Destroy your nervous system and you might as well he dead. I have noticed that people who are hearing raps from the future world have but little strength left to bear the hard raps of this world. A man can live with only one lung, or with no eyes, and be happy, as men have been under such afflictions; but j woe be to the man whose nerves are shattered. against the nervous system, and so makes miserable. V. I indict spiritualism, also," because it is a social and marital curse. The worst deeds of licen tiousness and the worst orgies of obscenity have been enacted under its patronage. The story is too vile for me to telL I will not pollute my tongue nor your ears with the recital. Sometimes the civil law has been evoked to stop the outrage. Families j innummerable have been broken up Dy it. It has Eushed hundreds of young women into a life of pro inn> It toll™ annul "olantico affinitioc •> 0—1 fligncy. It talks about "elective affinities," and j "affinal relations," and "spiritual matches,"and adopts the whole vocabulary of free-lovisw. In one of itB public journals it declares "marriage is the monster curse of civilization." "It is a source of debauchery and intemperance." If spiritualism could have its full swing it would turn this world into a pandemonium of carnality. It is an unclean, adulterous, damnable religion, and the sooner it drops into the hell from which it arose the bettor both for earth and heaven. For the sake of man's honour and woman's purity, I say ietthe last vestige of it perish for ever. I wish I could gather up all i the taps it has ever heard from spirits blest or banned, and gather them all on its own head in thundering zaps of annihilation. VL I further indict spiritualism for that it.iaa prolific cause of insanity. There is not a lunatic asylum between Bangor and San Francisco which has not the torn and bleeding victims of this delu sion.' Go into any asylum, I care not where it is, and the presiding doctor, after -you- have asked | him,What is the matter with that maul" will say, "Spiritualism demented him;" or, " What is. AV —J.>, Aaf 1.. —:ii the matter with that woman? he will say, V Spiritualism demented her."' It has shattered some of the brightest intellects. It has swept off into mental midnight Judges, Senators, Governors, 'ministers of the gospel, and at one time came near capturing one of the Presidents of the United States. AtFlushing, near this etty, a man became absorbed with it, forsook his family, took bis only £8,000, sur renders them to' a spiritualistic medium in New York, attempted bo less than three times to put mi end to bis own life, and then incarcerated in the State lunatic asylum, where he is to-day. Oh, what a fatal falsehood! Many years agg the Atlantic started from Europe for tlie United States In mid-ocean the macinnery broke,-- and stio floundered around day after day, week after.week; and for a whole month after she was' due people wondered, and finally care her up. There was great anguish in the cities, lor there were many who had friends aboard that vessel. Some of the women, iu their distress, went to the spiritualistic medium, and enquired as to thefate of that vessel. The medium called up the spirits, and the rappingBon the table indicated the steamer lost, with all on board. Women went raving-mad with disappointment and angnish, and were carried to the luuatic asylum. After awhile one day a gun was beard off Quaran tine. The flags went up on the shipping, and the bells of the Churches were rang: The newsboys ran through the streets crying:—"Extra! The Atlantic is safe 1" There was the embracing as from the dead, when friends came again to friends; but some of those passengers found their wives in tbelunatic asylum, where this cheat of infernal spiritualism had put them. A man in Bellerue Hbspital, dying from wounds made by his own hand; was asked why be tried to commit suioide, and he said:—" The spirits told roe to." Parents have strangled their children, and when asked why they did it, replied," Spiritualism demanded it." It is the patronizer of and forager for the madhouse. Judge Edmonds, in Broadway Tabernacle, New York, delivering a lecture in behalf of spiritualism, explicitly admitted, fat so many words, "There is a fascination about consultation with the spirits of the dead that has a tendency to lead people off from their right judgment and to instil into them a fanaticism that is revolting to the natural mind." It not only rains its disciples, but it ruins the mediums also, only give it tome. The Gadarean swine, on the banks of the lake of Galilee, no sooner became^ spiritual mediums than down they went in a horrible avalanche,, to the consternation of all the herdsmen- The office of a medium is bad foraman, bad for a woman, badforabeast. VH. I bring against this spiritualistic deceit that it utterly rains the soul. First it makes a man a quarter of an infidel, then it makes him half an infidel, then it makes him a whole infideL The whole system, as I conceive it, is founded on the insufficiency of the IVord of God as a revelation. God says the Bible is enongh for you to know about the future world. Von say it is not enough, and there is where yon and tore Lord differ. And although the Scriptures say, "Add thon not untoHis. word* - lest He reprove thee, and thou be found a liar," you risk it ana say, " Come back, spirit of my departed father; come back spirit of my departed mother, of my companions, of my little child, and tell me some things I don't know about you, and about the mi seen world." If God is ever redely slapped in the face, it is when a spiritual medium puts down her hand on the table, invoking spirits departed to make a revelation. God has told you all you ought to know,andhow dare you be prying into that which is none of your business? You cannot keep the Bible in one hand and spiritualism in the other. One or the other will inevitably slip out of your grasp, depend upon it Spiritualism is adverse to the Bible in the fact that it hasin these last days assumed to call from the future world Christian men to testify against Christianity. Its mediums profess to call back Lorenzo Dow, the celebrated evangelist, and Lorenzo Dow testifies that Christiana are idolaters. Spiritualism calls back Tom Payne, aad he testifies that he is stopping in the same house in heaven as John Bunyan, They caU back. J,ohn Westley, and he testifies aegunst the Christian religion, which he alt Ilia life gloriously preached. Andrew Jackson Davis, the greatest of all splrltoalists, comes to the front, and declares that the New Testament is "but the dismal echo of a barbaric "age," and the Bible only " one of the pen and-ink relies of Christianity." "But," says some one, "would not it be of advantage to hear from the future world? Do not you think it would strengthen Christians very much indeed? There are a great many materialists who do not believe there are souls; butifspiritafromthe future world should knock and talk over to us, they would be persuaded." To that I answer, in the ring ing words of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, " If they believe not Moses and the prophets, neither wifl they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead." I firmly believe that these are the days of which the apostle spoke when he said," In the latter days some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to secret spirits." I think my audience, as well as other andiences in this day, need to hare reiterated in their hearing the passages I quoted some minutes ago. " There shall not be among you a consultor of familiar spirits, or wizard, or necromancer; for they that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord;" and "The soul that turneth after such as have familiar spirits, I will set Myseff against them, and they shall be cut off from their people." But I earnestly invite you this morning to a Christian seance, a noonday seance. This congre Sition is only one great family. Here is tiw hutch table. Comearonnd the Church table; take your seats for this great Christian seance; put your Bible on the table, put your hands on top of the Bible, and then listen, and bear if there are any voices coming from the eternal world. I think there are. Listen! "Secret things belong unto the Lord our God; but things that are revealed belong unto us and to our children." Surely, that is a voice from the spirit world. Bnt before yon rise from this Christian seance I want you to promise me you will be satisfied with the Divine revelation until the light of the eternal throne breaks upon your vision. Do not go after the witch of Enoor. Do not sit down at table-rappings in sport or in earnest. Teach yonr children there are no ghosts to he seen or heard in this world, save those which walk on two feet or four—human or bestial. Remember that spiritualism at its best is a useless tiling; for if it tolls what the Bible reveals, it is a superfluity; and if it tells what the BiUe does not reveal, it is a base and creel lie. Instead of going out to get other people to tell you your fortune tell your own fortune by putting your trust in God and doing the liest you can. I wifi tell yon your fortune:—"AH things work together for good to .them that love God." Insult not your departed friends by asking them to come down and scramble under an extension-table. Remember that there is only one Spirit whose dicta tion you have a right to invoke, and that is the holy, blessed, and omnipotent spirit of God. Hark 1 He is mpping now, not oil a table, or the floor, hut on the door of your heart, and every rap is an iu.vit.a tioh to Christ, and a warning of judgment to come. Oh. grieve Him not away. Quench Him not. He has been all around you this morning. He was all around you last night. He lias been around you all yonr lives. Hark! There comes a voice with tender, overmastering intonation, saying, " My spirit shall not always strive." 