A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is a "free market'." In other words, a "fair"meansa market at which all and every may ourchase or not without erema subjeoted to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell wit out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communication which has resulted, these fairs have pretty, welldied out, amatterperhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life.: Here in Australia fairs are unoknown. indeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-headeolonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomolished in a week. Tiws, however, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk m could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed thanin those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people,by theway, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord IManners who wrote : "Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our ownnobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as edne tion and a higher intelligeneoare taught themhow to spend it wisely, we findgreat establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, eovoieenrl.into,eoistenge...whoao-.aeJ rsmaQýt-.to.,...s suppiy to a well-to- do population, the eomforts, the - necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home fe. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm'we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are, conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perlhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear froms a sieh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offeredby Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are e.xhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home 0 which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to whichlhitherto, during his shiifteeoaloverlybachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is; impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - fnlu of visitors to this . show to be insensible to the eircumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishmnent of these fairs, took into ree koniog the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they pie:ae, add to them the important, though intagible balance of an m creasel popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromthese fair,nand that is, that in the hands of catable men, no affairs. however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great est:ablishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the Mfedes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience- and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that nmttere go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we informnn them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depthto Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, i1l^t' with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hero o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. ire'do not behceve in ghosts, but, as we have Mr Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophyDit may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with ,the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. . Feople-ladies in particular-who want a new; sensation, ought to spend an hour or two atFoy an- - Gibson's Fair; and if they, hovin done so do iot - experienesa senationas of one who han beheld anew revelathon, all we can sy is that they must be very -' blhneand played out; For such people there is -bitt. ol~rfsatn-elie-i ~ F . ".:'::-~ 