ONE of the most thoughtful and inter esting contributions to the Austral asian Charities Conference was a papen by Miss C. H. Spence on “ Chanty in South Australia ” That -colony stands alone in its charitable system, in that the State accepts the responsibility of providing and distributing aid to the destitute; and at a time when some better method of dealing with our own poor has become clearly manifest, a description of what the State can do and is doing towards the solution of the problem, and, coming ftom an ex perienced and capable head, should be of very high value. When South Austialia was founded, the claims of the destitute were made a fiist charge on the land, and this involved the whole system of State aid which has gradually developed. The admiu istiation is through a Destitute Board, consisting of a chairman and five members Its head quarters aie in Adelaide, and include a mode rately large asylum for the reception of such cases as cannot conveniently be dealt with outside. In the ruial distncts some accredited agents of the central board are always within easy reach. Sometimes the duties are dele gated to local justices of the peace, sometimes to officers in the constabu lary, and sometimes theie are regularly appointed and paid agents Any of these have power to give immediate relief, subject to certain general con ditions, and chaige the cost to the destitute board. In every case of ical distress, no matter where, relief is therefore prompt and certain, a matter of very great importance. In Go vernoi Gawler’s tune, 1838 41, an attempt was made to acclimatise the British poor law system, but it failed because of the tadical objection which the free colonists had to the inttoduc tion of such a sytem and be cause it was expensive and cum brous in working, and often defeated the true purposes of charitable aid As Miss Spevce pointed out, the British poor law discourages thrift by insisting on absolute destitution before relief was afforded. It makes this destitution the one qualification for a claimant of help, and so the idle and shiftless do better under its provisions than the deserving poor who keep going as long as they have heart or strength to strive tinder the poor law families were ruthlessly bioken up, old couples separated, and to have once come under its operation was to have received an enduring brand of hopeless social degradation. Then its administiatiou required a number of costly buildings, huge bailacks of poverty and misery, which stand as grim monitors of what a life of honest and hard toil may come to at its close, and theie are legiments of paid offi cials who learn to regard poverty as something nearly as bad as dime. In South Australia the aim is to keep families from splitting up, and homes from being deserted Only those who are quite incapable are offered a home in the Benevolent Asylum. So long as any strength and hope is left the un foitunate poor are encouiaged and helped to persevere in the battle of life, well knowing that, should they utterly break down, lest and help aie ever within call The moial and social results of this method show in tremen dous contrast to those of the barbarous English pool law. The one looks grimly on until the fainting vvay ' farer has fallen beneath his load, the othei stretches out a timely hand to keep him fiom falling. The one de giades Ins manhood, outrages his domestic ties, treads rough shod on his better instincts and feelings, and offeis him a life hardly better than death itself. The other seeks bv every means to heal and restore his self lespect, helps him to renew the fight with fate, and, if it be too late for that, then houses him comfoit ably with his aged wife if he have one, and puts no restraint on his intercourse with relatives and friends It must, however, be borne in mind that the State requires any relatives of the poor to contribute to their support. “ The board,” says Miss Spevce, “ compels relatives to assist in the support of their poor friends, and, in its turn, assists poor people to suppoit their relatives.” Diawbacks are candidly admitted. The system attracts the idle and thriftless, and the adrainistiators with all their caie are sometimes imposed upon And it wholly omits the personal element, of which so much has been lately said, but this, it is suggested, may find a separate field of its own, through a Charity Organisation So ciety. A New Zealand delegate followed with a brief account of how these matters are done in that colony. In all the piincipal centres there is a Chaiitable Aid Board, which collects and administers lehef funds Each year tiie amount supposed to be wanted is computed, and levied on the city and county councils, and the load boaids, the Government subsidising all amounts so raised pound foi pound To encouiagepiivate geneiosity any amount so given is sub sidised by the State at 24s for every ±l. No person is entitled to relief until he has In ed at least six months in a district, or, if relieved, the charge will be transferred to the district he last came from. In the main the system resembles the South Australian one, with the important difference, howevei, that one relies on central and the other on local levies and adminis tration Other interesting and valu able conti ibutions weie made to the discussion The Rev Mr Simmons, of Tasmania, thought where relief, whether public or private, was freely given it is apt to be abused by the thriftless and the thoughtless, and theie was the danger that poverty might be made to appear more profitable than honest woi k. Undermine a man’s indepen dence and self-reliance, and you have a confirmed pauper. The children of the destitute should be trained, the girls to housework, and the boys to some useful occupation. We have long recognised this principle in Ballai at, and the grand work now being done at the Orphan Asylum is an ex cellent instance of its practice Dr Garean, of Sydney, deprecated the prevalence of emotional plnlantlnopy, and contended for the introduction of more scientific principle and more practical experience into our benevo lent organisations We cannot tell what has been the real and permanent tendency of the great volume of public and private chanty, and this we ought to know as a guide for future work Hand in hand with charity there should be a better educational system, dealing specially with sanitary laws, and the best way to observe them. And Mrs Swift, •of Ballarat, pointed out the danger in certain circumstances of pauper ising young people by our chautable systems. In the case of a woman left a widow with a large family of young children, the telief given to her as a matter of course might come to be regarded by her children as a per petual right, and this when they had grown iup to be able to well support their mother. It is anew of the case not often taken, but deset ves con sideration in any scheme for reforming our charitable system. Most of the new Ministeis have now spoken, and each had some story to tell which the country wanted to heat Next, howeiei, to the deliveiance of the Premier, that of the Attomey- Geneial and Minister of Railways excited the greatest attention. Mr Munro, at Geelong, indicated that the Government proposed to adopt an heroic policy with regard to our lad ways, and curiosity was strongly excited as to how far Mr Siiiels, as Railway Minister, would fid m details In addressing his con stituents at Coleraine on Saturday Mr Siiiels said a great deal, but he was careful to explain that, as the railway policy had not yet been dis cussed in cabinet he was merely giving his own personal impressions with re gard to it Briefly he admits that our railway affaiis aie in a rather bad way, but he pioposes to take time to decide where and how far reform shall be can led He declai es himself thoroughly in earnest, but piefers to master his subject before he deals with it Next session, all well, he will have made his researches, and be piepared to submit definite pro posils In the meanwhile he intends to make the railways pay, or at least niateually i educe the present loss on their working, It will be remembeied that the Comimssioneis, in then last annual report, admitted the piospect of a heavy and constantly recurring i ad way deficit They told the colon j in effect that the lines already made and making would surely be worked at a Joss, and suggested that piousion should be made out of the oidmary revenue to covei this railway deficit. It was nevei likely that the country would agiee to this, and Mr Siiiels very prudently ignores the proposal. Some of om hues, he tells us, are being worked at a most serious loss, and he boldly in stanced two in Ins own district among the number which indicated an annual loss of £16,000. These w r ere the hues from Hamilton to Coleraine and Branxholrae to Casterton. No doubt Mr Siiiels got this information as Minister of the Department, and his courage m giving it must be admit ed. There are, no doubt, numbers of other instances in which equally unsatisfactory results acci ue, and the new Minister w ould do well to make a clean breast of it, and tell the countiy about them all Mr Siiiels sees that one of two things must be done—expenses must be cut down or charges raised. This is a plain, common sense view of the posi tion from a commercial standpoint, but either alternative is moie easily stated than adopted In the way of economy he would still further re duce the “ stake” time table, and run fewer tiains. And he would also see to it that the railways were not over manned, nor the railway servants over paid He believed in a man getting a fair rate of wage and reasonable hours, but the department should not make either its wages or hours of labor “ magnetic ” By th it he means that it should not make its service so attractive astoemse men doing fairly well in other trades to become eager to get em ploy inent under the dep-irtment. He was afraid that that had b en the case hitherto, as there were recently 11,176 applications for C 24 vacancies, and of these 75 or SO per cent, could not have been at employment That was a position which the people would have to face if they wished railways to be a commercial success Re v tewed with greatest concern the ever increa-ing aimy of State officials and servants They were a menace t> the community, and they were a danger ne dreaded Thej bad organisations and unions to bring pressure on members of Parliament, w Inch sometimes might be exer cised against the general weal He proposes to place the Commis sioners out of the leach of clamorers after unfau concessions, and himself deal with all such, thus leaving the Commissioners fiee to look after their propei woik. The programme is an attractive one, and we hope Mr Siiiels will cany it out. But-lie will need all his courage to seriously propose either economy of working or raising of rates Any proposal tending either way w ould be hotly resisted by a whole batteiy of political influence, and no one can say to which side victory would go. Last night, at about II o’clock, an eight stall stible, situated nt the rear of thegreen grocerj establishment ol MrPovwll, Victoria street, was distrojed by fire The building was an old structure, and belonged ortgi nally to the proprietors of Exhibition Mart For a lung while pist, however, the stables hive been idle, and have been u ed is a sleeping place by swagmen and other tramps The can»e of the fire is not known The flames were first observed by Captain Cran uage and Mr J. W. Peady, of the Ballarat brigade, tile-latter gentleman giving the) alarm at the Bright * box at the North Grant hot“l. Bridge street. The No. 4 reel was next ran out, and water brought to play on the burning building. The main bodies of the three-; brigades subsequently arrived on the scene of the fire, and prevented) the spread of the fiimes to the workshops of Mr W. Robertson, J.P. These shops had a narrow escape. VI hen the vlarm was raised it was thought that the file had broken out in one of the large wooden shops in Victoria street, near the intersection "of Bridge street. The Hon, A R. Outtnm, Minister of M lies, addressed a meeting of Ins con stituents last night at Maryborough, and was accorded a cordial reception. The major (Or Field) occupied the chair Mr Outtnm devoted his attention chiefly to matters connected with the depirtment over which he preside". A report of the meeting appears elsewhere in ? he Star. At the meeting of the City Conned jester day it was decided on the motion of Cr Lieut Col. Smith, to make application to the Government for the steam dredge now in use at Albert Park Lake, for the purpose of clearing Lake Wendouree of the under growth. It was also resolved to write and obtvm certain information regarding the dredge. On the motion of Cr Shoppce it was vlso decided to instruct Mr Ivey to cut the rushes in front of the rowing sheds as far as View Point. Hie recent rams have had iv most refresh mg effect on vegetation and the country around Billarat is cverj where looking green and beautiful Stock should be doing well, for the grass is vigorous and abundant. Through the Bungarce district the crops pre sent the most luxuriant and promising appearance And the farmers are regarding the season so far with satisfaction. Th’ peas, oats and potatoes never looked better, and the continued moisture has given them a sturdy growth which will enable them to bear any heat that is now likely to come. A meeting of the Drapers and Clothiers’ Union was held at the Trades’ Hall last night; Mr E Franklyn, president, in the chair. There was a very large attendance. A consideiable atnount of business was transacted. A letter was read from Mr J. Aitkin, resigning his position ns trustee, in consequence of his removal to Mary borough. The resignation was received With regret, and Mr W Wignev was np pointed to fill the vacancy. A code of rules for the future working of the muon was then considered and adopted. The consideration of n circular to be sent to the employers was postponed till next week, when a special meeting will be held Severil new members were enrolled, and the transaction of other routine business concluded a very successful meeting. Cr Lieutenant Colonel Smith referred at the meeting of the City Council yesterdaj afternoon to the fact that a sale of Crown lands was about to be held at Alfredton, tii it a very high upset price had been fixed, and that the occupiers h id notice to re move their improvements within a month of the sale The mayor said the council had objected to the land being sold Ci Smith remarked that the action taken was entirely unprecedented, and the residents, if the land was sold over their lie ids, would have to remove houses that thej had erected manj’ years ago. Cr Cooke said he hud mentioned the matter before Ins recent trip to Europe, and he then understood that the residents had notice that no transfer of the land would be given, but if they sold their houses it must be for removal. In rcplj to Cr Salter, Cr Smith said lie h id obtained Ins information from a resident of Alfredton. Cr Salter thought they should know something more definite aboitt the matter before they took any action. Cr Little thought there must be some misrepresentation about the matter, ns he understood the sale would not he held until about three weeks’ time, w Inch | would give the residents {an opportunity of moving the council in the matter if they felt aggrieved, A notiC“d received by Cr Little at a later stage of the meeting, showed that the sale was fixed for the 25 h instant, and he then moved that the m» •• he left in the hands of the members for the district The motion was seconded by Cr Slioppee, who remniked that it would be a very wrong thing if the residents, who had lived there fir so many years, should be turned out merely bee vuse someone bid higher than them fur the allot ments. The motion was carried The annual meeting of the City and Town Councils will be held to day. a Intending exhibitors would do well to notice the Austialiivn Juvenile Exhibition committees’ advertisement, cvllmg attention to the fact that the 25th mat is the lust day for receiving exhibits. This is all the more necessary because the committee find that they must prepne for opening the exhibition earlier than was nt first anticipated. At the request of Mr J VV. Kirton, M L A , Mr Smibert, Depntj Postmaster- General, has consented to recommended the Postmaster General not to ask the Ballarat fire brigades for telephone charges, until the Legeslutive Assembly has had an opportunity <>f dealing w ith the matter, when the Fire Brigades Bill will be under coiisuleiation. The annual sports in connection with the Holy Ghost College will be hold in the Eastern Oval this afternoon. A long and miscellaneous programme has been arranged The various contests have been well filled, and close finishes are anticipated. Elizabeth James, latterly employed as a barmaid at the Cumberland and Durham hotel, Bridge street, was brought up on remand at the Town Police Couit yeater day, and charged with stealing wearing ippatel, Ac , belonging to the landlady of the hotel. Mr JL\ Robinson appeiredfor the defence Prisoner was let off with a fine of 10s George Gummovv, charged with steal ing the license form of the Cumberland and Durham hotel, was further remanded until Monday next Mr N Wanhss appe ired for the accused. Three lads were cadi fined 5s for sh uiglia-ug, and P itnck Connelly was mulcted in a penalty of 20s for using filthy language The remainder of the business transacted was of a routine character Messrs Fitzgerald and Gleimy, J’s P , were the presiding m igistrates A lad named John M‘Hutchison, whose parents reside on the Geelong road, sus tuned a fracture of the thigh yesterday by n fill from a dray. He was taken to the Bvl larat Hospital and admitted. A bolt oecuned j'esterday at Leigh Creek Mr Brown, a contractor, had driven up to Duffy’s hotel, and was in the act of taking the horse out of the trap when the animal b“came frightened at something, and bolted along the road The trap was soon over turned, and received some damage, but the horse managed to clear himself, and cun tinned his career until finally c lining to a standstill in the mud and reeds of the creek, where he was c vptured and brought hack. William Chalmers, the young man arrested in Ball irat South on Saturday night by Constable Priest, was brought before the city magistrates yesterday morning. Chal mers was fined 5", in default two days’ im pnsnnment for drunkenness; £2, in default 14 days’ imprisonment, for using obscene language; and £5, vv ith £1 14s 3d damages, for resisting the arresting constable and damaging his umf inn As the fines were not forthcoming the prisoner was sent to gaol. The board of examiners for mining and factory enginedrivers, consisting of Mr Robert Fulton, Mr John Coats, and the secretary (Mr Pnillip Cohen), commenced a series of examinations at the School of Mines yesterday, and will continue until the 24th, when the hoard will proceed to Stawell, Hamilton, Daylesfnrd, and other centres. The results of the Ballant exami nations will be published in due course. The death is announced of Mr J vines Moore, an old and respected resident of Ballarat Deceased, who was brother of the lute Father Moore, of Trim, County of Meith, Ireland, was in years gone by associ ated with the Ballarat Water Commission, Subsequently he was connected with scveial of the law offices in Ljdiurd street, Mr Moore, who was advanced in years, was at one time in affluent cncumstaiu.es, and before coming to Australia lie was the owner of an extensive business in Inllamore. He was unmiimed, and had no relatives in the colony. The anniversary of the Neil street Wes leyan Church was celebrated last evening bj a tea and public meeting. At the ser vices on Sundaj’ the Rev. A M‘Cilium, of Ararat, preached morning and evening, and the Rev E W Nye in the afternoon About 170 persons sat down to an excellent tea last evening, oitered for by Mr Kline. Xlie following ladies presided at the various tibles —Mcsdumes Brown, Wilson, Wasley, Angwin, Dailey, Porteous, and Lee Brown, and the Misses Gooph, Cargeeg, and Reed The chnrch was well filled at the after meeting, and the Hon. David Bam, M.L C., occupied the chair. The chairman con gratulated the congregation on the excellent position of the church, and the manner in which they had worked together during the past year. The treasurer (Mr R. Webb) reported that the income for the year was £248 17s 4d, including £129 for pew rents. Ihe expenditure totalled £B7 4s id, leaving a balance in hand of £l6l 13s. The treasurer rcfetred to the harmony existing among the congregation, and the material and spiritual progress made. Many persons desirous of worshipping in the church were unable to do so owing to the seats being all taken up, and he was hopeful of seeing the foundation stone of anew church building laid within the next 12 months An interest ing address on “ Christian socialism” was delivered by the Rev S. Cuthbert. The Rev C. Lancaster also gave an earnest and piactical address. At intervals duung the evening selections of music were rendered by the choir under the leadership of Mr Burton, Miss Balmain presiding at the organ With donations promised and amount in hand, a sum of £434 11s 7d is available tow irds the erection of anew church At the conclusion of last evening’s meeting votes of thanks were to all who had taken part in the proceedings. In consequence of the funeral of Mr J. Cljdesdale, an ex officer of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, taking place this afternoon, the ■ brigade will not join in the torchlight pro | cession to be held this evening in connection with the performance of “Hamlet ’ A nnetingof the Christian Workers’ As sociation of the Lydmrd street Wtslevan Church was held last evening. The vice picsident (Mr W. Coltinan] cccupied the chair Various reports were ncened from the leaders of the bturt street mission bands and the Young Ladies’ Tract Society. Several sub committees were appointed to attend to the detuls of the forthcoming an niversary of the society. The chairman ad vised those piesent to make early application for the few remaining tickets in the h vnds of the band members It was decided to apply for the services of a popular lecturer foi a series of lectures in the church. The meeting then closed, and the sub c unmittccs subsequently met and traus voted business relating to the welfare of the asaocntion The Geelong and Bvllarat Wesleyan dis tnct meeting will commence its sittings in Geelong today The Rev E W. Nje, president of the conferenceand chan man of the district, will preside at the sessions. A youth named Albert M’Clyrront, resid mg at Bungaiee Junction, attended at the Hospitvl jesterdi}, suffering from a severe scalp wound caused by being kicked on the head by a horse A young man named George Hill was also treated for a wound ou the hand caused by a fall. The presiding magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday were Messrs C C Shoppee, G K Coutts, and S. Morrison, J’s P. Three persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. Two other persons were also dealt with. The remains of the late Mrs Gordon, wife of Mr Cromwell Gordon, and daughter of Mr Mix Taylor, of C irdigan, were y»ster day interred in the Ballarat Old Cemetery. A large concourse of persons joined in the funervl procession, which was formed at the Bvllvrat West Railway Station, on the arrival of the afternoon train from Mary borough. The coffin bearers were Messrs E. Swan, D M’Donald, M. Maher, and G Gummow; and the pall bearers were Messis J. M'Phail, A MMutyre, R Moffatt, T W. Purdue, M. Newton, Di Ochiltree, J. Allen der, and E Williams. The Rev. Mr Thompson officiated at the grave Mr Stephen Wellington bad charge of the funer vl arrangements. A young man named John Phillips, who was vrrestedon Saturday night by Constable Rogerson for using obscene language, was at the City Police Court yesterday morning fined £2, in def vult 14 days’ imprisonment. Prior to the “ Hamlet” performance to night a torchlight procession will be formed by the Bvllarat fire brig ides, headed by their respective bands, all starting from the Galloway monument at 7.15 sharp. During the procession the Railway brass band will play in front of the Academy, The members of the Bvllarat West Foot bvll Club held their annual social on Friday evening last, at the Phccnix Hill, and a very enjoy vble time vv as spent by all present Dviicing commenced vthalfpvstS, and was kept up with spirit tillhvlfpist J, to ex ccllent mu-u, supp'icd by Messrs Saundeis (piauo) and Rose (violin) During the interval a presentation was made to Mr W Clemeuce, of v handsomely framed group of photos of the officers, members, and sup porters of the o'ub, for the v tillable services he had rendered as cvptain, and also to show the regard and esteem in which he vvvs held by the members Mr Gluyas, who mvde the presentation, spoke in very high terms of Mr Clempnce’s character The recipient suitably rescinded, and thanked the mem bers for their valuable gift. Mr P. Lyons was also presented with a gold pm, the gift of Mr F. Buig", for the best all round play, ami Mr J Grose received Mr W Clemence’s gold medal for the best placed playi r Mr B Gluy vs was also the recipient of a group of photos of the committee of the club, for his services as secretvry. The catering was in the hands of Mr Bulge, and gave grevt satisfaction. The interest of the late Mr J J Goller in the Warrenheip Distillery Compvny has been purchased by Mr H. Brind. The management of the company still remains in Mr Brmd’s hands. We are again requested to call attention to the performance of “ Hamlet,” which takes place to night in the Academy of Mnsic for the benefit of the Ballarat Bene volent Asylum Mr T R Treloar plays the melancholy Dane, Miss Valhus Ophelia, Mr G. R Ireland and Miss Juno play the king and queen respectively Messrs Ford and Cos, of Melbourne, have sent mvuy costly and elegant costum“s, which will be well worth seeing. Great preparations are being made by the Liedertafel in connection with next week’s grand opera carnival, so that it may prove infinitely supeuor to any of their previous efforts The pi eduction of two grand operas in one week, and on such a scale, must re quire a heavy outlay and should command the support of all who pride themselves on Ballarat enterprise. The scenery and effects are to be on a sc vie of splendor never b'fore attempted, among other novelties being a fountain of real water sparkling by moon light in Ravensvgpod grounds, Signonua Rebottara has never been equalled in Aus tralia as Lucia, and in conjunction with Mr Gladstone Wright, Miss English, and the soloists and chorus, a great treat is in store for the district. Seats may be reserved at Messrs R. H Sutton and Cos , Sturt street. The cantatas, “An hour iu fairyland,’ and “ Ihe Flower Queen," were, by special request, lepeated last evening at St. Peter’s tchoolroom, to an appreciative audience The singing was all that could be desned, and the music was produced with excellent effect The cantatas, which have been so much enjoyed at St. Peter’s church, hav e been very kindly offered by Mias Byers to “ The old folks ” of the Benevolent Asylum to morrow evening, the 19th inst., commencing at 7 30. Friends will be ad mitted on payment of Gd. A sale of gifts will be held in the school room at the rear or the Umtid Methodist Free Church this evening i’ne pr icveds are to go to reduce the debt on the parsonage. A charge 0 f 61 will be made at the door, but the money will be returned In pur chases The official report of the wreck of H M.S Serpent, which is based on the statements of the survivors, says that at the time the vessel struck the weather was thick The ship thumped on the rooks for half an hour. The officers rtniained on the bridge up to the list Ihe ciptam ordered the crew into the riggings. At last a tremendous sea threw the ship on her Ijjeam ends The three survivors belonged to the crew of the lift boat, and th»y wore lifcb“lts They were washed oveiboard, and stated that they know nothing of what occurred afterwards. The mining report for the quarter ended September 30th appears much in advance of the usual date of issue, a mattei which, in view of previous tardiness, deserves achnow legement The totil jield of gold for the quarter was 149,251 i z or lees by 1939 oz than the yield for the previous quarter. Quartz mines, however, showed an increvsed yield, tin deficit being attributable to the much decreased output from alluvial mines Anv the amount paid in dividends is lirger in spite of the lesser yield by £2307 Of the ten mining companies which paid the largest dividends the Madame Berry stands first with £15,300, the Star of the East being a good second with £13,200 In lict the central and Creswick divisions of Ballarat are spoken of in glowing terms, as being on the whole prosperous and as having very good pros peots for the immediate future. Mr Howitt IS not discouraged by a temporsiy decrease of the gold yield of the colony, as lie sees signs of sound and healthy enterprise wh ch should bring its own reward. And, apart from the gold, there are steady increasing indications of other mineral wealth particu- Urly in tin and coal, which sustain the con fidenee that Victoria has a satisfactory future for the mining interest. The report cmtaine pi ms and surveys of some noted mines,among them being the famous L ins»ll", ISO and the Colman and Tacchi mines it Sandhurst. On and after to day the line from Avoca to Ararat, with stations at Amphitheatre, Elmhurst and Eiersley will be open for I passengers. It IS understood that the members of the Coal Commission will visit Camperdown on Wednesday, 26th instant. On the follow mg day they will take evidence in respect to the indications of the coal deposits in that part of tue Western district. A Sydney telegram published in the Jge says:—‘■‘The distribution of food by the Government Strike Distress Board and the Labor Defence committee continues It is estimated that about 1000 families have been relieved. Unionists are being slowly taken back to work —The Stockton pit commences vvoik forthwith, the local difficulty having been settled The military and police are being brought back from the disturbed dis tnots, and the mounted troopers are being drafted back to the country. The special constables have been disbanded llicre is little chance of the men at the southern cnllenes accepting the new terms proposed by the owners. A vote will be tiken eirly this week, and it is expected there will be a majority for holding out. ’ Ihe relief committee appointed by the Sydney Government to enquire into the destitution amongst the families of the men lately on strike baa relieved 463 during the past week. During the week ended 18th instant, the sum of £66,299 os was received from the Victorian railways, as against £68,792 10s 7d for the correspoudmg week in last year. 