COUNTRY FOOTBALL. Tlte firat twenty of the Sandhurst oinh tri- d concln-i- lis villi 25oftho All'ion at Back Cri-k on \Y« duet-dor. Theneni.rfi had no; their le-st Ccnm. while included in the juiii if rafikt were Lvoiia, llcfllv and Dickasou nt ill" , Beudigo Club. The reuli of the gan e iva- a .:raw, Suudhiir"t aecntiug 3 g->uD juid Jti i>ehinds .o the Albion's 3 goaia and 5 be- hinciii. IVaniB representing tbn Noith Sandhurot nnd West lienjigo uirtl and ti it d concliihions on Wednesday, nnd a vrry evenly cor, listed came resulted in a win for tin; lattei, the score® bring West, 1 goal 3 benina,; North, 2 behinds. Gei'lyjg v. Fitzroy f«""Cond twenties.) — This match Wan played on the Aberdeen street ground on Saturday, and after a very evenly contested game, result'-d in a win for Fitzroy- the final r»wil: being— Pitzroj-, 2 goiis 5 Lm-- hindfi ; Geriong. 1 goal fl behind--. Tne Gu1- lone were heavily handicapped, nitly Iw nf their team turning up. Tin- goal-kickers for Fitzmy were Kelly nnd Rieidon, and T. Gibs'-n for the GceJorg. C. Cvrr made an impartial umpire. . The Wangarattn Club h»M tln ir animal ir.iHttmg on Wednesday last, when the f„n i\v- ing office-bearers were, elecled fur tin- cjming heafi-m;— Mr H. D. (JritTiths, «-i Loceby, pr'sideut ; Mr Pmkertnn, Dis Carroll mid M'Cardel, vice-presidents ; Mr A. M'Kay, juc., srererary and tre.t-urftr: conimittee, MeEsra Cams, Rose, Steele, Taylor M'Greg >r, and Macartney ; match committee. Meei-r Csinm, Taylor and Ko; collectors, Mesnrfl A. M'Kay, juu., and B. Fatmer. Over 30 enrolled as nn-inber. The Foundry United Club opened the pens- in on Saturday by playing a match against the Golden Square Imperials. The Foundry won by 2 goals 5 behiuds to one goal. The lioly Ghost and Urenville College twenties played their first match of the fiea<uj on Wednesday last. It was a very one-horse game, aud the turancr won by 3 gaals VI be hinda to nil. The Laoriston and Kyneton and Trades United played a match on .Saturday, The United played oVer'ttlcir ojiponents, aud scored 2 goals 8 behinds to nothing. The Union Jack Football Club are desirous of arranging a znatch on Quean's Birthday with some good country club about 40 miles from Melbourne. The feretory is Mr T, Keecao, 245 Moray street. Sooth Melbourne. Mr J, M 'Anight, lion, secretary »»f the Bar- fold Football Club, writes:— I would like to arrange through yojfr colnmns a match with a Melbourne JuniorClnb for the 24 ih May, to be played a: Melbourne or Kynetwi, witb re- curn later on. In rase tpwn clubs are engaged for that day I would be glad to arrange a match with a Sandhurst team, to be played at Sandhurst or Kynatun a suitable. The first match of the season was played at Lauriston on Saturday last betweeii the Kyueton and Trades United and the local club. The Utter were -miserably represented, several of their number being cither eick or unable to put in an appearance. They, how- over, mauaged to put. together 19 men, many of whom were substitutes. For the first half both toAms played with equal succefi, no goals, being -_aeo»-ed. In the third quarter the United showed their superiority by putting 1 goal 3 liehindfi to their credit. This was repeated in the fourth and final quarter. They thus won the match by 2 goals aod 5 behinds to the locals 1 behind only. J, Croflk captained (fie tivitora, aud J. Ifennie officiated similarly for the locals. Those who excelled for the former were Orofft, Harrison, Kgan. Hubbs, Burkett, Birkin, Kearnes and Hbgapj and fur the lattr-r Grav, Beare \3), Beunie, Gleesou, jCrVinble, M. Hickney and T. Soper, i Ballarat administered a severe beating to it he booth Ballarat un Saturday by kicking 7 goals 14 behinds to South 3 behinds. \- Sandhurst met 23 of the Albion on Wednes day Ja«t. The result was a draw, thus:— Sandhurst, 3 goals 14 behinds ; Albiuu, 3 goal 4 behindfi. A fpotball match took place at Koroit on Sfiturdajr lat between the Tower Hill and Port Fairjpteams. The Porta had a very poor team, and only had 15 inen. Evans captiuaed the Porte, and Hoinens Tower Hill. The re sult was a win for Tower Hill by 3 goals G b-- hiuds to 1 iroal 8 behind. K. Jiatlrsr, G. Williams, Bull, and Stewart played a splendid gaina for the loser. Nomena, Humphrey, BlieedyConperby, and Nolan, played beet for 