A LA ROUSSEAU. — V By Fred. Dobell. WEjwere a merry crowd of histrions at Stackfield, early in the seventies, and yet there was little in our siirrouudiugs that seemed conducive to hilarity. Stackfield is by no means the sort of place implied by its name— being in truth a dingy manufacturing town where the sky is so full of furnace smoke -that when We occasionally caught a glimpse of the sun, that luminary always appeared to be in a high state of- jaundice ; and the snow, of which we had a good deal that season, drifted downward through such a smut- laden atmosphere that, bjT the time it reached the ground, the flakes had assumed a dingy hue, reminding one of the truth of the time- honored property man's order, "If you can't snow white, you must snow brown."- Our leading man was a big, burly, good-humored giant with the voice of Stentor,- the manners of Chesterfield, and the instincts of a schoolboy. He was partial to practical joking, and was never more happy than when lie- could induce an unsuspecting youngster at rehearsal to go upstairs to the wardrobe, mistress, with " Mr. Foljambe's compliments, and would you kinkly look him out the green ibid with the yellow feather ' for to-night please." I weht lodging-hunting with him once, and his imposing appearance, together with the fact that he wore .an enormous quantity of jewellery; caused one landlady to ask him about three times as much as lie intended paying. But he only smiled upon her blandly and said " Very reasonable ! indeed; madam, upon iny honor. Your sitting-room is lofty and well-furnished, your bedroom is a thing of beauty, and' if the stables 'only match I'll take the suite at ouce. Just let .me see the stables, if you please." We haven't'got any stables, sir, said the astonished landlady. " No stables?" said Foljambe, in a deeply injured tone. " Dear, dear, how unfortunate ! I'm afraid we sha'n't be able to arrange. You see, I always travel with my own horses, and I'm very particular about the stabling. Good morning, madam," and he bowed himself out with sndi il ffrand air 'fchat f.hfi lanrllav wns r/»»pnl.1v impressed, and stood gazing after him as he marched up the street, evidently trying to make up her mind whether he was a duke or a star circus rider. Talking about Foljambe's jewellry, I remember a joke lie played upon me, for which I can hardly for give him even now. Said he to me one day, when I was admiring his gorgeous watch and chain and ;its appendages, "Yes they are very choice, they were presented to me by my grandfather, the late Mayor of Birmingham, and are worth thirty-five pounds at least. Alonzo, dear boy, just oblige me by taking the lob round to the pawnshop, will you. I have to meet a sudden call, and must raise a fiver to-day. Ask him six pounds, and pray accept the so v. as a loan for your trouble." Off I started, unsuspectingly, rather proud of my valuable burden. "How much?" said the pawnbroker, 'j Six .pounds," said I. Whereupon my " avuncular relative," after a very brief examination, pushed them back to me. "Take away the watch aud chain," said he ; "I don't mind lending you four and sixpence on the locket ! " and then I awoke to the fact that I had been sold, and that Foljambe's jewellery came direct from the town of which his grandfather was the' erstwhile mayor. I played the juveniles. It was my first- season, and I don't think I should ever have got through the work had it not been for the aid afforded me by Blanche Laveile, our juvenile lady. Blanche was the dearest little darling in the world to me then. She was an orphan, and travelled with her grandma, who had brought her up from babyhood. I lodged in the same house with them, and saw Blanche home every night. My reward was the privilege of taking supper with them, and afterwards the old lady would doze for awhile in her armchair, whilst Blanche and I went over our parts together for the next night. An hour- spent thus, aud a long, lingering good-night kiss, wonld send me to bed to dream of the happy days when I should have my little fairy all to myself. She was blue-eyed and flaxen-haired, and, as to her figure —well, she plaid Fairy Queen in the pantomime, and her nether limbs were a poem. We were all in all to each other then, but untoward circumstances parted, us for ever. My Blanche is Mrs. Somebody Else now, and I'm a confirmed old bachelor ; but no matter ! ' Bob Rousseau, one our " heavy men," was a strange character — a stout, thick-set, fiery-faced man, a tre- - meudous treucherman, and one, too, who washed down the solids with huge draughts of beer, which he drank by the quart, careless at whose expense, or what confiding publican he could induce to " chalk fit, up." His bibulous tendencies generally came 'but strong on Saturday night, and had already provoked sundry remonstrances and threats from our worthy stage-manager, Mr. Plumper. The fiat had gone forth, and it was thoroughly understood that the next time Bob appeared on the stage in a state of " eleva tion " would be the last. Under this fear he had been very good for a week or two, until the little fact which I am about to relate sealed his doom. But- 1 must- first tell you about Jobson. Jobson was a little, '.thin, wizened fellow of uncertain age, half : super-master, half utility nian, with a long nose and an inward crook of the knee, but very ambitious withal. .He cherished a secret hope that lie would: some day "become a full-fledged " walking, gent.,"- and-' in the meantime, ; he was content if he was given plenty of shouts and exclamations. Once during the. season he had a run of . silent parts ; but wlieiT told that he had to go on as mute in a hatband and weepers; he could stand it no longer. He got hold of the stage- manager in the wings and said, "Excuse me Mr. Plumper, but it's really too bad, I'm blowed ' if it ain't. The night before last I was a ghost, last night I was a corpse on a hurdle, and now you've made me a blooniin', mute. If you doii't soon give me a chance to-say ' Ooray' or ' Follow, follow;' I shall cert'nly have to chuck it." Luckily the next piece was "Flowers of the Forest," in which Jobson could say " Follow, follow " to his heart's content, and so the threatened resignation was averted, and he was radiant once more; though" Spriggins, our low com;, somewhat- dashed his triuph by telling him that '" one follow didn't make a mummer." But; Spriggins was always turning old proverbs inside out and- making nonsense of them. ' , s . ' r- There was a large eating house close to the theatre kept by George Twentyman; a capital cook, and-, not half a bad fellow, . though some w hat short tempered. He was theatrically inclined; and any one of oitr com pany could depend on a good cut of the best that was going if he felt inclined to dine V at George's, after rehearsal. Huge joints of beef, mutton and pork roast and boiled, were always smoking in the window between twelve arid three, stewing in their own gravy, and sending forth rich: odoursvright mght across the pavement-, while: for ,- those who preferred a lighter repast there was the savory " sausage and- mashed '-' or the fourpenny plate of beef r\ la mode; and' the vegetarian for. the nonce could indulge . in a' penn'orth of pudding " plain or;'" spotted." But Twehtymaii's strong suit was his roast gpose, of. which there was a fine - specimen occupying the post of lion or in the window every day, , Bob "Rousseau was ; very partial to this toothsome: dish. One : Holiday morning the funds v ere low with Bob, so after rehearsal he strolled into-Twentyman's and,said,. ,', L6ok.-;here; ' old -fellow, I want you to do me a favor. \ Fact is; my wife is— all — as ladies love to be— you know, - an d--ah— she's taken a ; strong fancy for roast -goose; and sausage. Doctor says she must be humored, so will you kindly send round to my lodgings— herb's the address— every clay this week, a double allowance of roast goose, and the necessary trimmings— we shall, dine en famille,. and,x'll settle up on. Saturday after treasury." The guileless George acquiesced in this arrangement, full of sympathy for Mrs. R., and the roast goose was duly delivered every day at two o'clock during the week. But, as a matter" of- fact, there was 110. Mrs R. at all ; she was a -myth, existing oniy in the wily Bob's imagination, and created by him to secure what lie considered a proper supply of his. favorite dish. SsO llfi ditiprf at. ImtViA rlinr nnrl ji V.V W. VLJ CllJVytJU his double allowance of goose, "which he washed down with a quart of ale, and pronounced "a dish for a king. " Saturday came, treasury was over, and Bob was met outside by some friends Irom a neighboring towii who had come over to see him, and to have a "jollifi cation." The usual result, ensued. About six o'clock Bob had seen his friends off by rail, and "was consider ably more than "half seas over." He got home,? however, devoured his roast ;goose, drank ' his quart of ale, lit his pipe, and started "for the theatre. The bill on this particular night was " Still Waters " first and "The Octoroon" to follow. Rousseau Avas not cast in " Still Waters," and was not really required till nine o'clock for Wahnotee. But in his topsy-tnrvy state he reversed the matter, and thought that he was wanted for the first piece. So he got to the theatre and,. after indulging in- a'stiff glaSs ofVrum "h'oVjustto" " pull himself together, he stumbled up to the dressing- room He was the first arrival, and proceeded to put on the war-paint, which done, he sat himself down and went to sleep. When we arrived we found Rousseau in a chair, snoring like a humming-top, wrapped in his blanket, his head-dress of feathers nodding gracefully, and he himself fearfully and - wonderfully "made up." We decided that it would be a pity to wake him, as he wasn't required for some hours, and eventually we went downstairs- to proceed with " Still Waters, leaving Boh alone, in his o-l0ry Foljambe played Mildmay, and I was the HawMey. There w;as a capital house, and everything was going - as smoothly as possible. We reached the great scene in the second act between the two men, and had just come to the critical point where Mildmay asks the Captain for. a light; when we heard a roar: from the audience, and looking round we discovered to our horror that our duet was converted into a trio by the entrance of Rousseau as Wahnotee. It seems that he had woke up in a fright, aiid staggered down stairs under the delusion that there was a stage wait for him. His face was painted in stripes like a zebra, his head-dress was all awry,; he had a tomahawk' in his 'hand, and altogether he looked as much out of place' in a drawing-room as the proverbial bull in a china shop. ' - - - -. ; ..... "Ugh! Sleugh ! Weenee Paul ! Paul -pangeuk !" said Bob, and proceeded to demolish an imaginary camera. Avith his deadly weapon. r " Go off, Bob," said Foljambe, " Go off, for heaven's sake." .... . "No, no, go on !" Shouted some people from the gallery, who seemed to appreciate the humor of the situation more than \ve "did. " Go off yourself," growled Rousseau, "You two have had your own way here long 'nough ! I've got 'em with me now, and, by Jove ! I mean to hold 'em. Firewater! Rum ! And. if anybody likes to stand me : a glass of rum hot I'm the savage Injun as can drink it ! Ugh ! He finished the speech with a war-whoop, and— down came the curtain. Plumper had rung down upon the scene, and by his direction the unlucky , Bob was' carried to his dressing-room by two brawny .carpenters, divested of - his blanket, mocassins, and feathers, put into his own clothes, and "slung out" of the stage door, with strict injunctions to the ' hall keeper that he was not : to bq 're- admitted on any pretence. \ On Sunday night a few, pf us met at the Woolpack for. an 'hour's social' chat. Twentyman came in; and'' after shaking hands absently and looking ' round for some time, said, " I don't see Rousseau here to-night." Thereupon we . related the stirring events of the previous liight-, and told hiiii of Rousseau's subsequent disappearance. " Good heavens, yon don't say so!" exclaimed George, " There goes six double roast goose and sausage, vegetables, and = bread, fifteen bob ! " " What'- do you mean, dear boy ? " said 'Foljambe,' from behind a; churchwarden.- " Mean," said Twenty- man, " Why, J. mean that I trusted the, vagabond all the week, andnowhe has left me in tli'e lurch." . We had only a short rehearsal next' morning. After it was over Foljambe arranged a little joke, mid we- .proceeded to put.it into execution. It was one o'clock, aud.f.Tweixtyinari's shop was crowded- - with hungry custoiners as Foljambe. strolled in, bowed ,to the perspiring George, who was, carving away at a round of beef for dear life, and said, 44 Good morning, "Mr. Twerityman. I'll trouble' you for a plate of roast ; goose and sausage a la Housseau, ifjyouplease." . ' " Now look here, Mr. Foljambe, I don't want, none of your chaff. Can't you st-e I'ni up to my. eyes just I now. ' Go away, and I'll corn e and see you act to night." -f' . V That-is a;grand. inducement, dear George.. I'll do my very best. : Good morning. " : VSpriggiiis went in .next. , Adjusting his eye-glass, and standing on tip-toe to catch George's eye ovex- the heads'of 'the 'front-- row of .-'customers, - lie said in his best inxitation of /Toole, which; was really, very good if yoix had never , seen .the original, '."I'll take a plate of stewed umbrellas with the 'necessary 'trimiriingsi a Id licnmemi. A double' ' allow ance, please.- '/We- dine en families don't yer know;" Go and hang yourself," said George,. '(beef, tallies, , and bread, seveii-and-a-half,.; Thanks.". , . , , ,, , " Arid whilst you're about it">you xnay as well put ine up " " Now look here, Spriggins ; yoxt may tliink your self very funny, ,bxxt don't try it on here. - This, ain't a comic scexie in a pantominxev Quarter brisket ? yessir.''; .. Spriggins retired, 'and it was now my turn. Assum ing nxy light comedy niannqr, I said, "Very warm to day, TwentymaiXi old fellah. I think I'll try some roast butterfly a la Itoiisxrau." . : , ,, . . ".Look 'ere, if, you don't clear out, Mr. What's-his- naine — — " .. J/.,, ; " Alonzo Simkins in the bills," said I, witli dighity. " : I- shall, lose txxy temper and chuck' something at you," bawled- Twentyman'xxow -thoroughly aroused. , "Ah, I see you're .busy I. wish yoix; good-day," said I, my departure being somewhat accelerated by the siispieioxis maimer in which he handled a quarterxx loaf which lie was just preparing to slice; I did nob think it necessary, to tell my successor what .ah, unfriendly. receptioxx I had xxiet with, and accordingly a few minutes later Jobson appi'oaohed the counter with a glad sxxxile on his withered cheek. There was a lull in business:.' ust about this ! time, and George was free to attend to: Jobson thoroughly. " Now, sir, what can I do for you ? " said the irate restaurateur. " Well," said Jobson, looking smilingly round the shop, "'I think I should like a xxice bowl of mock ' turtle soup 11 la liousseau:" : It was the most unfortunate selection he could have- made, for there on the counter stood a bowl of the very delicacy he had asked for. The temptation was irresistible. " Take it," said George, and catching up .the bowl he gave it . one dexterous swirl; and- discharged -.- the whole of"the contents over poor Jobson's devoted head. > '" "You villain, I'll have' the law of you," sputtered JobsOn, as well as he could get the words out through the greasy covering in which his features were enveloped. "I'll give you something to have the law for!" shouted Twentymaix, darting roxxnd the counter. " Out you' go ! " and, seizing' hold of his victim by .the " scruff " of lxis neck, he ran lxim out- of the shop, and deposited hiixx ixx the middle of the roadway, where he sat trying to wipe the glutinous mass out of his eyes, and looking the image of a greasy, dripping Naiad. Twentynxan retired to his shop-door, where he stood wiping his hands on his apron; and breathing defiance at the whole theatrical profession in general aixd poor Jobson in particular. We ehxerged fx-oxxx our observatory, and picked up our fallen companion just as a policeman appeared on the scene. " Take hirix tip, officer," said Jobsoxx ; '! he's assaulted me, arid spoilt my suit of clothes. I shallwaixt damages from him, and— and- — all sorts, of things." ' ; ' " What's it all about- ? " said the man in blue. George/Twentyman put him in possession of the facts of the case. . ': ' , : Look here, young fellow— iriy. lad," said Roberto, ." I shoxxldn't waste iriy time' going ; to the police station, if I was you. Yoxx'd better go 'oine, and scrape sonxenf that gx'ease off, or - else- it will dry in. And. whilst 'I'ln about it I may as, well give you another 'bit of advice gratis. . The next time you take , a fancy to a bowl of turtle soup, don't you go arid ask forit Ma la Boosh-o ! " 