"O "B SHRIEKED MUFFIN, "THERE'S SOMEONE ALIVE ON BOARD " An Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIV.--contiinted. MUFFIN GOES FORWARD. HE turned on his heel, shaking with laughter, and walked up to Finn, to whom I heard him tell the whole story, though repeatedly interrupting himself with a jerky, noisy shout of merriment. He asked the skipper what work he could put Muffin to, and Finn rumbled out a long answer, but they stood at too great .a distance to enable me to catch all that was said. Presently Finn put his head into the companion hatchway and called. After a little Muffin emerged. Wilfrid recoiled when lie saw the man, turned his back upon him, and stepped hastily right aft past the wheel. I whispered to Miss Jennings, " Did you mark that ? Each will go in terror of the other now, I sup pose; Wilfrid because lie thinks Muffin mad, and Muflin because lie thinks that Wilfrid, should lie get to hear the truth, will shoot him." "This way, my lad," cried Finn in a Cape Horn voice, and a half smile that twisted the hole in the middle of his long visage till it looked like the month of a plaice. They both went forward and dis appeared. The sailors who were at work about the deck stared hard at Muflin as he passed them, shrewedly guessing that something unusual had happened, and not a little astonished to observe the cap tain conducting him between decks to the mariners' parlour. Soon the skipper came up, and called to a large, burly, heavily-whiskered iman, who, as I had gathered, was a sort of acting boatswain, though I believe he had not signed in that capacity, but had been appointed by Finn to overeoo the crow as being the most experienced sailor on board. Tie skipper talked with him, and the heavily whiskered nan nodded vehemently with a broad smile that compressed his face into a thousand wrinkles, under the rip pling of which his little eyes seemed to founder altogether. Then Finn came aft, and Wilfrid and he fell to pacing the deck. Miss Jennings read; I smoked occa sionally, giving her an excuse to leave her book by asking a question, or uttering some commonplace remark. I was lying back hi my easy, lounging deck-chair, with my eyes sleepily following the lan guid sweep of the maintopmast-liead, where the truck showed like a circle of hoar frost against the airy blue that floated in its soft, cool bright tint to the edges of the sails whose brilliant whiteness seemed to overflow the bolt ropes and frame them with a narrow band of pearl coloured film, when Miss Jennings sud denly exclaimed, "Oh, Mr. Monson, do look !" I started, and following the direction of her gaze, spied Muffin standing near the galley rigged out as a sailor. There may have been a slop- chest on board-I cannot tell; perhaps Finn had borrowed the clothes for the fellow from one of the sea men; anyway there stood Muffin divested of his genteel frock coat, his gentlemanly cravat and black cloth unmentionables, and equipped in a sailor's jacket of that period, a coarse coloured shirt, rough duck or canvas breeches, whose bell shaped extremities entirely concealed his gouty ankles. His head was protected by a nautical straw hat, somewhat bat tered, with one long ribbon floating down Iis back, under the brim of which his yellow face showed with the primrose tincture of the Chinaman, whilst his dead black eyes, gazing languishingly our way, looked the deader and blacker for the plaister-like streak of hair that lay along his brow as though one of the Jacks had scored a line there with a brush steeped in liquid pitch. " Heavens, what an actor the fellow would make! " said I, the laugh that seemed to have risen to my throat lying checked there by wonder and even admi ration of the astonishing figure the man cut in his new attire. The burly, heavily whiskered salt rolled up to himi. What Muflin said I could not hear, but there was the air of a respectful bow in the posture of Iis odd form, and my ear easily imagined the oily tone of his replies to the huge sailor. They crossed to the other side of the deck out of sight. Shortly afterwards I left my seat to join Wilfrid, and then the first object that I beheld on the port side of the vessel was Muffin washing the side of the galley, with a bucket of water at his feet and the heavily-whiskered man looking on. Well, thought I, rounding on my heel with a laugh, 'twill make home the sweeter to himn wheln hie gets there, and, meanwhile, Wilfrid will be free from all further phosphoric visitations. CHAPTER XV. I BOARD A WRECK. THE time slipped by. Life is monoto nous at sea, and, though the days seemed to have speeded quickly past when one looks back, they appear to be crawling along on all-fours when one looks ahead. We sighted nothing that carried the least resemblance to the vessel we were in chase of. Within a week we spoke two ships, both Englishmen, one a fine tall black clipper craft from Sydney, New Southl Wales, full of Colonials bound to the Old Country for a cruise amongst the sights there; the other, a little north-country brig, laden down to her chain plates, in charge of the very tallest man I ever saw in my life-this side, I mean, of the giants who go on show-with a roaring voice that smote the ear like the blast of a discharged piece; but neither vessel gave us any news of thie Shark, no craft of thie kind had been saghted or heard of by eithlr of them. It was as I expected. For my part, the adventure remained a most ridiculous undertaking, and never more so than when I thought of the speck a ship made in the vast blue eye of the wide ocean. We fell in with some handsome breezes for travelling, several of which drove us through it in thunder, with a hill of foam on either quarter and an acre of creaming white spreading under the chaste golden beauty the yacht carried on her stem head. The wind flashed blue into the violet hollows of the canvas, the curves of whose round breasts shone out past the shadowings to the sun, and rang splitting upon the iron taut rigging of the driven craft with joyous hunting-notes in its echoings as though the chase were in view and there were spirits in the air hallaoing us into a madder speeding. Wilfrid and Finn and I hung over the chart, calculating with sober faces, find ing our position to be there, and then there, and then there, till we worked out an average speed from the hour of our departure that caused the skipper to swear, if the Shark was not already astern of us, she could not be very far ahead, unless a great luck of wind lihad befallen her; a conjecture scarce fair to put down as a basis to build our figures upon, since it was a hundred to one that her fortune in the shape of breezes had been ours. For, be it remembered, we were in a well-scoured ocean; the winds even north of the "rains" and "horse latitudes" were in a sense to be reckoned on, withl the trades beyond as steady in their way as the indication of a jammed dog vane, and the "doldrums " to follow--the equi noctial belt of catspaws and molten calms, where one sailor's chance was another's the wide world round. But reasoned Finn, and I was not there to say him nay; yet it was difficult to hear hlim without a sort of mental shrug of the shoulders, though it was a talk to smooth down the raven plume of Wilfrid's melan choly "till it smiled." MIy cousin managed very well without his valet, protested indeed that he felt easier in his spirits since the fellow had gone forward, as though all unconsciously to himself lie had long been depressed by the funeral face of the man. "Besides," said lie, in his simple know ing way, with a quivering of the lids that put an expression of almost idiot cunning into the short, pathetic peering of his large, protruding eyes, "lhe was with me when my wife left my home; he it was who came to tell me that Lady Monson was not to be found; it was lihe, too, who put Hope- Kennedy's letter into my hand though it was picked up by one of the housemaids. These were thoughts that would float like a cloud of hellish smoke in my brain when lie was hanging about me, and so I'm glad to have him out of my sight; yes, I'm the better for his absence. And then," he added, lowering his voice, "his behaviour proves that he is not sound in his mind." That Muflin was as well content with the arrangement as his master I cannot say. They kept him at work forward upon small media jobs, and he seldom came aft unless it was to lend a hand in pulling upon a rope. Yet after a little 1 would see him in a dog-watch on the fore castle with a huddle of seamen on the broad grin round him. One special even ing I remember when the watch had run out into the dusk, and it might hanve beena within half-an-lour of eight bells, I arrived on deck from the dinner table and heard, as I supposed, a woman singing forward. The voice was a very good clear soprano, with a quality in it that might have made you imsagine a middle-aged lady was tuninga up. The song was "The Vale of Avoca." The concertina accompaniment was fairly played. I listened with astonishment, for some time wondernrig whether Miss Jennings' maid had got among the men, and thzn called to Criamp "Wiho's that singing?" said I. "Him they've nick-named the mute," said lie. "What, MIuffin?" "Ay! sounds as if he'd swallowed his sister and she was calling out to be re leased." There happened inside this particular week with which I am dealing an incident much too curious not to deserve a place here. All day long it had been blowing a fresh breeze from north-east, but as the sun sank the wind went with him and about an hour before sunset there was a miild air breathing with scarce weight enough in it to blow the scent off a milk muail, as sailors say, though it was giving the yacht way as you saw by the creep of thle wrinles at her steam working out from the shadow of the yacht's form in the water into lines tha;t resembled burnished copper wire in the red western light.. Miss Laura and Wilfrid were on deck, and I was leaning over the rail with a pipe in my mouth, ll sorts of easy, dreaumy fancies slipping into ume out of the drowsy passage of the water alongside with its wreath of foam bells eddying or some little cloudy seething of white striking from our wet and flashing side into a surface which hung so glass-like with the crimson tinge in the atmosphere sifting down into it that you fancied you could see a hundred fathoms deep. Presently running my eyes ahead I caught sight of sosme minute object three or four points away on the weather bow, which every now and again would sparkle like the leap of a flame from tIe barrel of a musket. I stepped to the commpanion, picked up tile telescope and made thie thing out to be a bottle, the glass of awhich gave back time sunlight in fitful winkinags to tile twists and turns of it upon the ripples. "What are you looking at?" cried Wilfrid. "A bottle," I answered. "iHo!" hlie laughed, "whalt you sailors cail a dead marine, iha ? What sort of liquor will it have contuisied, I wonder, and howlong hlas it beea overboard ?i" TiThe glass I held was Captain Fim's; it was a very powerful instrumenat, and tie bottle came so close to me in tlue Idnses that it was like examining it at arm's length. "It is corked," said I. "Can we not pick it up?" exclaimed Miss Jennings. "Oh, but an empty bottle, my dear," exclaimed Wilfrid, with a shrug. I examined it again. "I tell you what, Wilfrid; that it is corked should signify there is something in it. Who troubles himself to plug an empty bottle when it is flung overboard mzless it is intended as a messenger?" He was instantly excited. "Why, by all means then- ," he broke off, looking round. The mate had charge; he was sulkily pacing the deck to leeward with a lift of his askew eye aloft and then a stare over the rail, all as regular as the recur rence of rhymes in poetry. "Mr. Crimp," called Wilfrid. The man came over to us. "Do you see that bottle?" Crimp shaded his eyes and took a steady view of the water towards which my cousin pointed, and then said, "Is that there thing flashing a bottle ?" " Yes, man ; yes." " Well, I see it right enough." "Get it picked up, Mr. Crimp," said Wilfrid. The mate walked aft. "Down hellum," lie exclaimed to the fellow who was steer ing. The wheel was put over and the bottle was brought almost directly in a line with the yacht. The topgallantsail "lifted," but what air blew was abaft the beans, and the distance was too short to render necessary the handling of the braces and sheets. Crimp went a little way forward and hailed the forecastle, and presently a man stood ready at the gangway with a canvasbucket slung at the end of a line. A very small matter will create a great deal of interest at sea. Had the approaching bottle been a mer maid the group of sailors could not have observed it with livelier attention nor awaited its arrival with brisker expecta tions. Presently siplash! the bottle was cleverly caught, hauled up, dried, and brought aft. "It's not been in the water long," said I; "the wooden plug in the mouth looks fresh." "Mr. Crimp, sing out for a corkscrew," cried Wilfrid. "No good in that," cried I; "break the thming, that will be the speediest way to conme at its contents." I held the bottle to the sun a moment, but the glass was thick and black and re vealed nothing. I then knocked it aainst the rail, the neclk fell and exposed akletter folded as you double a piece of paper to light your pipe with. 1 pulled it out and opened it ; Miss Laura peeped over one shoulder, Wilfrid over the other, his respirations swift, almost fierce. It was just the thing to put some wild notions about the Shark into J]is head. From the forecastle the sailors were staring with all their eyes. The paper was quite dry; I opened it carefully with an esmotion of awe, for trifling as the incident was apparently, yet to my fancy there was the mystery and the solemnity of the ocean in it too. Indeed, you thought of it as having something of the wonder of a voice speaking from the blue air when your eye sought the liquid expanse out of whose vast heart the tiny missive had been drawn. It was a rude hurried scrawl in lead pencil, and ran thus : " Brig Colossus. George Meadows, Cap tain. Vaterloggedjive days-all hands but two are dead; fast breaking stp. No fresh water. Rate pork one cask. Who finds this for God's sake replort." The word September was added, but the writer had omitted the date, probably could not remember it after spelling the name of the month. I gave Crimp the note that hlie might take it forward and read it to the men, telling him to let me have it again. "They will all have perished by this time, no doubt," said Wilfrid in his most raven-like note. " Think of them with raw pork only ! The meat crystallised with salt, the hot sun over their heads, not a thimbleful of fresh water, the vessel going to pieces plank by plank, the horrible anguish of thirst made maddening by the mockery of the cold fountain-like sounds of that brine there flowing in the hold or washing along side with a champagne-like seething. Oh !" groaned T, "who is that home- keep ing bard who speaks of the ocean as the mother of all? The smother ? A tigress! Why, if old Davy Jones be the devil, Jack is right il finding an abode for him down on the ooze there. Mark how the affectionate mother of all torments its victims with a hellish refinement of cruelty before strangling them i how--if the land be near enough-she will fling them ashore, mutilated, eyeless, eaten, in horrid triumph and enjoyment of her work, that we shuddering radishes may behold and understand herpower." "Cease for God's sake! " roared Wil frid. "You're talking anightmare, man. Isn't the plain fact enough ? " lihe cried, picking up the broken bottle and flinging it in a kind of rage overboard, "why garnish i?" " I want to see the ocean properly inter preted,"-I cried. "Your poetical personi fications are claptrap. Great mother, indeed ! Great grandmother, Wilfrid. Mother of whales and sharks, but when it colses to man-" "Oh, but this is impiety, Mr. Monson," cried Miss Laura, "it is really dangerous to talk so. One may thinkl--but here we are upon thile sea, you. know, and that person you spoke of just now (pointing doswn) mIight with his great earus-" "Now, Laura, miy dear," broke in Wil frid, " can't we pick up. a wretched bottle and read tlhe melancholy message it con tains withllout falling ill of fancy ?" He went to the skylighte-"Steward, soime seltzer and brandy here. Your talk of that salt pork," he continued, coming back to us, "makes my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth. I would give much for a little ice, d'yo know. Heigho I big as this ocean is, 1 vow by the saints there's not room enough in it for the misery there is in the world," with which hlie set off pacing the deck, though hlie carlmed down presently over a foaming glass; but hlie showed so great a dislike to any refe rence to the bottle andits missive that, to humour him, Miss Jennings and I forbore all allusion to the incident. It was next forenoon, somewhere about the hour of eleven o'clock, that the look out man on tIle topgallantyard-whom I had noticed pliaying for some time tile polished tubes, which glanced like fire in his lifted hands as hlie steadied the glass against time mast-suddenly bawled down with a voice of excitement, "Sail ha " Wilfrid, who was lounging on tlhe sky light, jumped oiff it; I pricked uip my ears; Miss Laura hollowed her gloved hands to ttke a view of the man aloft. " Where awasy ?" cried Finn. " Right ahead, sir." "What do you make liher out to be ?" ThIe seamanm levelled tile telescope again, then swinging oif from the yard by hisi grip of the tie, hle sung out;, "She looks to be a wreck, sir. I don't make out any caisf;vs set." "She'll be showing afore long, your honour," said Finn, and he cast his eye upon the water to judge of our speed. All night long it had blown a weak wind, and the draught was still a mere anning, with a hot sun, that made the shelter of the awning a necessary con dition of life-on deck by day; a clear, soft, dark blue sky westwards, and in the east a broad shadowing of steam-like cloud with a hint in the yellow tinge of it low down upon the sea of the copper sands of Africa, roasting noons and shivering mid nights, fever and cockroaches, and stifling cabins. So that, merely wrinkling through it as we were, it was not until we had eaten our lunch, bringing the hour to about a quarter before two o'clock, that the vessel sighted from aloft in the morn ing had risen above the rim of the ocean within reach of a glass directed at her over the quarterdeck rail. "It will be strange," said I, putting down the telescope after a long stare at her, "if yonder craft don't prove the Colossus. Look at her, Wilfrid. A conm pleter wreck never was." He seized the glass. " By George, then," he cried, "if that's so the two men that paper spoke of may be still alive. I hope so, I hope so. We owe heaven alife, and it is a glorious thing to succour the perishing." His hand shook with excite ment as lie directed the glass at the vessel. Points of her stole out as we approached. She had apparently been a brig. Both masts were gone flush with the deck, bow sprit too, channels torn from their strong fastenings, and whole lengths of bulwark smnasled level. I supposed her cargo to have been timber, but her decks showed bare, whence I gathered that she was floating on some other sort of light cargo -oil, cork ; no telling what indeed. She swayed wearily upon the long ocean heave with a sulky, sickly dip from side to side, as though she rocked herself in her pain. There was a yard, or spar, in the water alongside of her, the rigging of which had hitched itself in some way about the rail, so that to every lurch/on one side the boom rose half its length, with a flash of the sun off the wet end of it, and this went on regularly, till after watching it a bit 1 turned my eyes away with a shudder, feeling in a sense of creeping that pos sessed me for an instant, the sort of craziness that would come into a dying brain aboard the craft to the horrible maddening monotony of the rise and fall of that spar. " Such a picture as that," whispered Miss Jennings softly in my ear, "realises your idea of the ocean as a tigress. But what claws could have toent her so 7 Aend that soft caressing of the water-is it not the velvet paw stroking the dead prey 7" " There's a man on board ! " cried Wil frid wildly ; "look, Charles." He thrust the glass into my hand whilst he pointed with a vehement gesture. I had missed hli before, but the broadside opening of thie wreck to our approach dis closed his figure as he sat with folded arms and his chin on his breast in a sleep ing posture against the companion that remained intact, though the wheel, sky light, and all other deck fixtures that one could think of were gone. I eyed him steadily through the lenses, but though lihe never raised his head nor stirred his arms, which lay folded, yet owing to the roll of the hulk it was impossible to say that his body did not move. "There's the word Colossus," said I, painted plainly enough upon her bow. Yonder may be the writer of the letter received. Wilf, you should send a boat. He may be alive-God knows! But though he be dead there might be another living." "Finn, cried Wilfrid, "bring the yacht to a stand and board that wreck instantly, d'ye hear " "'Ay, ay, sir." "i'll make one of the boat's crew with your good leave, captain," I sung out. "Take charge by all means, Charles," said Wilfrid. "With pleasure," said I. "See two things in the boat, Finn, before we start -fresh water and a drop of brandy or ruin." Thie yacht's topsail was backed, the helm put down and the vessel's way arrested. We canme to a halt within half a-mile of the wreck. The ocean swung smoothly in wide-browed folds that went brimming to the hulk in rounds polished enough at times to catch the image of her till she showed as she leaned from us with her reflection leaning too as if she had broken in halves and was foundering. The boatwas lowered and brought to the gang way; I jumped in and we shoved off. Five fellows pulled, and on a sudden I had to turn my head away to smother a laugh whilst I seemed to wave a farewell to Wilfrid and Miss Laura on noting that one of the rowers was no less a man than Muffin. Whether lie had thrust himself into this errand to some thirst for any momentary change in the discipline of his shipboard life, or whether Finn had re membere:l that the fellow talked much of being able to feather an oar and had ordered him into the boat, I cannot tell, but there he was, as solemn as a sleeping ape, his old straw hat pulled down to his nose, and his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the oar that he plied. He pulled well enough, but lis anxiety to keep time and to feather besides was exceedingly absurd, and it cost me no small effort to lmaster my face, though the struggle to look grave and ignoreint of Ihis presence was mightily helpedl in a minute by the sight of the silent figure seated upon the wreck's deck. I earnestly overhauled with my eyes the wallowing fabric as we approached her, but, saving that lonely man motionless in his posture of slumnber, there was nothing to be distinguished outside the melancholy raffle of unrove rigging and ropes' ends in thie bow, vast rents in the planks of tihe deck, splinters of bulwark, stanchlion, and the like. The fellow that pulled stroke was the big-whiskered nan that acted as boatswain, nameda Cutbill. I said to him, as hlie cane setoping towards me for the sweep of hIis oar, "She's so jagged the whole length of her broadside, that I believe her stern, low as it lies, will be tihe easiest and safest road to enter by." He looked over his shoulder, and said, " Ay, sir. But there is no need for you to trouble to step aboard. I'll overhaul hler if you like, sir." " No, I'll enter hler. It's a break, MIr. Outbill. But you will accompany me, for I nmay want help." He shook his head. "You'll find nothing living there, sir." "No telling till we've found out, anly way, said I. "Oars I " I sung out. We floated under the wreck's countor, hooked onl, and, caitilng for thle lift of the swell, I very easily sprang from the boat's gunwale-to the taffrail of the hulk, followed by Cutbill. The decks hIad blown up, and the sort of drowning rolling of the hulk rendered walking exceedingly dangerous. The water showed black through tile splintered clhasms, with a dusky gleam in the swaying of it like wilndow-glass on a dark night; and there was a strange noise of sobbing that was desperately startling, with ifs comiingling of sounds like !!a!c!isal groans, and hollow frog-like croakings, followed by blows against the interior caused by floating cargo driven against the side, as if the hull was full of half strangled giants struggling to pound their way out of her. From the first great gap I looked down through I remember recoiling with a wild ness that might easily have rolled me overboard to the sight of a bloated human face, with long hair streaming, floating on the surface of the water athwart the ragged orifice. It was like putting one's eye to a camera obscura and witnessing a silcening plhantom of death, saving that here the horror was real, with the weep ing noises in the hold to help it, and the great encompassing sea to sweep it into one's very soul as a memory to ride one's sleepless hours hag-like for a lung term. We approached the figure of the man. He was seated on a three-legged stool, with his back resting against the com panion. I stooped to look at his face. "Famine is the artist here!" I cried instantly, springing erect. "My God! what incomparable anguish is there in that expression !" "See, sir," cried the burly sailor by my side in a broken voice, and lie pointed to a piece of leather that lay close beside the body. One end of it had been gsawed into pulp, which had hardened into iron again to the air and the sunl. "Yet the letter we picked up," said I, "stated there was a cask of raw meat on board." "That was chewed for thirst, sir-for thirst, sir!" exclaimed the seaman. "I suffered once, and bit upon a lump of lead to keep the saliva running." "Best not linger," said I. "Take a look forward, will you?" Hoewent towards theforecastle; Ipeered down the little companion- way; it was as black as the inside of a well, with the water washing up the steps within reach of my arm. There could be nothing living down there, nor, indeed, in any other part of the wreck if not on deck, for she was full of water. The men in the boat astern were standing up in her, with their heads bobbing together over the line of the tafifrail to get a view of the figure, for it was seated on the starboard side, plain in their sight, all being clear to the companion; yet, spite of that lump of whiskered, mahogany faces, with Muffin's yellow chops in the heart of it to make the whole group as colinlonplace as a sentence of his, never in all imiy time did so profound a sense of desolation and loneliness possess me as I stood bringing my eyes from the huge steeping plain of the sea to that luman shape with its folded arms and its bowed head. Heavens, thought I, what scenes of human anguish have the ocean stars looked down upon! The flash past of the ghastly face in the hold beneath--that bit of gnawed leather, which even had you thought of a dog coming to such a thing, would have made your heart sick-the famine in that bowed face, where yet lay so fierce a twist of torment that the grin of it made the slumnlOrous attitudtea ilorriblu aLrcuiam-- "Nothing to be seen, sir," exclaimed Cutbill, picking his way aft with the merchantman's clumsy, rolling stop. I went in a hurry to the tafriail and dropped into the boat,.he followed, and the fellow in the bow shoved off. Scarce, lowever, had the men dropped their oars into the rowlocks, each fellow drawing in his breath for the first stretch back, when a voice hailed us from the deck "bFor God's sake don't leave me!" "Oh !" shrieked Mufflin, springing to his feet and letting his oar slide over board ; " there's someone alive on board!" "Sit, you lubber !" thundered the fellow behind hhn, fetching him a chip on the shoulder that brought him in a crash to his hams, whilst the men abaft picked up the oar. Every face wore an expression of con sternation. Cutbill's, that looked like a walnut shell between his whiskers, turned of an ashen shue; lie had stretched forth hIis arms to give the oar its first swing, and now they forked out paralysed into the stifficess of marline-spikes by astonish ment. "Smite my eyes," he muttered as though whispering to himself, "if it ain't the first dead man's voice l ever heard." "Back water!" I cried out, for the swell had sheered the boat so as to put the companion way betwixt us and the figure. I stood up and looked. The man was seated as before, though spite of the sure and dreadful expression of death his famine-white face bore, spite of my being certain in my own mind that lie was as dead as the creature whose face had glim mered out upon the black water in the hold, yet the cry to us had been so un mistakablyreal, hadcome so unequivocally, not indeed only from the wreck, but from the very part of the hulk on which the corpse was seated, that I found myself staring at hism as though I expected that lie would look round at us. "There's no one alive yonder, men," said I, seating myself afresh. "Vlat was it that spoke, think 'ee, air?" exclaimed the nimac in the b:.w, bringing his eyes full of awe away from the sheer hulk to my face. "Mr. Monson, sir, I'umblybeg pardon," exclaimed Muffin, in the greasy defereintial tone lie he was used to employ when in the cabin, "but there mIust be something living on board that slhip, unless it were a sperrit." "A spirit, you fool!" cried I in a pas sion, "whatl d'ye mean by such talk? There's nothing living on that wreck, I tell you. Jumsp aboard anyone of you who doubts me and hlie can judge for himself." nMIuffin shook his head; the others writhed uneasily on tlhe thwarts of the boat. "Cutbill and I overhauled thle vessel; she's full of water. What is on her deck you can see for yourself, and notlhing but a fish could live below. Isn't that right, Cutbill?" "Ay, sir," lie answered; and then under hIis breath, "but what voice was it that hailed us then?" "Come, give way!" I cried, "they'll be growing ihupaticnt aboard the yacht." The oars dipped, feathered, flashed, and in an instant the blue sides of the smart and sparkling little craft were buzzing and spinning throughl it in foam. It was like coming from a graveyard to the sight of some glittering, cheerful, tender poetic pagcanit to carry the eye from tie hull to the yacht. Shie seemed clad by the con ts-a with new qualities of beauty. You found the completest expsression of girlish arclmhness in tlhe curtsying of liher shapely bows, with a light at lier forefoot like a smile on the lip whlen she lifted liher yellow sheaithing there, pouting, as one might say, from the caressing kiss of the blue brine, to gleam like gold for a moment to thle sunlight. We swept alongside and I sprang on board. "The poor creature is dead, I suppose?" exclaimed Wilfrid, inspecting the wreck thlrough a binocular glass. "Yes," I answsered, "dead as the dead can be; too dead to handle, faith. I might have sought in hIis pockets for soene hihts to found a report upon, but his face had the menace of a fierce whisper." "It seems cruel to leave him unburied," said Mliss Laura, with her soft eyes full of pity, and the emotions begotten of the presence of death. "That hulk must soon go to pieces," said I, "and then she will give hin a sailor's funeral." "When nature acts the part of high priestess, if there be such a part," ex claimed Wilfrid, in a low, tremulous voice, not without a kind of sweetness in its way, thanks, peralps, to the mood of tender sentiment that was upon him, "how grandly she celebrates the humblest sailor's obsequies! how noble is her cathedral! Observe the altitude of that stupendous roof of blue. How sublime aro the symphonies of the wind; how magnificent the organ notes which they send pealing through this great echoing fabric! Nature will give yonder poor fellow a nobler funeral than it is in our power to honour him with. But Charles," lie cried, with a sudden change of voice, and indeed with a new manner in him, "have you ever remarked the exquisite felicity with whlich nature invents and fits and works her puppet shows? Take yonder scene at whlich we have been suffered to steal a peep. What could be more choicely imagined than that a dead man should have charge of such a dead ship as that, and that the look-out lihe is keeping upon her deck should be as black as the future of the vessel he still seemus to command?" "Well, well," said I, "all this may be as you put it, Wilf. But all the sames, I am glad to see that topsail-yard swung and that spectre there veering astern. I protest my visit has made me feel as though I must lie down for a bit;" and, in sober trulth, the body I had inspected, coupled with the thrill of amazement that hadl shot through me to the voice we had heard, had proved a trille too much for my nerves, topped, as it all was, with certain superstitious stirrings, the crawl ing, as it msighit be, upon the memory of that ghostly, insoluble hail, along with the workings of an imagination that was too active for happiness when anything ap, proaching to a downright horror fell in its way. So I went below and lay upon a sofa, but had scarcely hoisted my legs when Wilfrid arrived, bawling to the steward for a bottle of chamlpagnle, and immsediately after came Miss Jennings, who must needs fetch ime a pillow, and then, as though sle had a mind to make me feel ridiculous, saturate a pocket hand kerchief withll ca de Cologne, all which attentions I hardly knew whetler to hke or not till, having swallowed a bumper of chasmpagne, I hopped off the couch with a laugh. "A pretty sailor I am, eh, Wilfrid?" cried I; "a likely sort of figure to t?ke command of the Channel Fleet. Miss Jennings, your eau de Cologne has entirely cured Ine." "WTlt's to be the next incident now the Shark?" exclaimedWilfrid. He thrust his hands deep into his trousers pocket ld msrhcd into his cabin, head hanging down. CHAPTER XVI. WE SIGHT A SCIIOONER-YACuT. I irrApENED to be alone on deck after dinner, having left Wilfrid at hIis diary and Miss Jennings in her cabin, where she lehad gone to make ready to join rme, as she had said. The wreck had faded out before sundown, nmelting upon tie flaslhing purple under the sinking lumninary like the memory of a nightmare off a mind upon which is streaming a light of heerfulness. The night was clear but dark, with a pleasant wind through whose dryness the stars looked down purely. The yacht was sailing a fair six knots, as I gathered whenr I steppedfrom thecoempanion to the lee-rail and peered over in a wool-gathering way at the emerald gushings and eddyicngs of tihe phosphoric fires which winked in the cloudy paleness along the bonds, and lied into the dimness of glow-worms to the spectral racing of our wake. I was worried and oppressed by a sort of heaviness of spirits. I had acted a clheerful part at dinner, but there was little of nmy heart in the tongue I wagged. The recollection of the motionless figure seated upon the wreck, and darker yet, the memory of that bloated, long-haired phantom face sliding in the space of a breaths across the gae in the shattered deck, with the sobbing wash of the black water on which it floated to put a dreaedful meaning of its own into the livid, nimblle vision went for something--nay, went for a good deal, no doubt; but it was tie hail that had come from the wreck which mainly occasioned mcy perplexity and agi tation, and, I may add, mny depressiosn. Twice now had syllables sounding from where there were no lips to pronounce them reached my ears. Had I alone hearid them I should have been alarmed for my reason, not doubting an hallucinatiou, though never for an instant believing in the reality of the utterance; but the voices had been audible to others, they were consequently real, and for that reason oppressive to reflect upon. The shadow of Wilfrid's craziness lay on his ship; the voyage was begun in darkness, and was an aimless excursion, as I thought, with no more reasonable motive for it than such as was to be found in the contending passions of a bleeding heart. Hence it was inevitable that anlly gloomy incident which occurred dueing rsuchl an adventuee as this should gather in thie eye of the inagination a ve-y muchs darker tincture than the complexion it would carry under sunnier and more commonplace conditioes of au ocean run. Whilst I lay over tie raillost i tlhought, I was accosted by Fisn. "Beg pardon, Mr. Monson; couldn't make sure in this hicre glrom whether it was you or Sir Wilfrid. May I speak a word with 'ee, sir ?" "Certainly, Finn." "Well now, sir, if that there old Jacob Orimp ain't gone and took on so joyful a frame of mindl tihat I'm a land-crab if hIis sperrits ain't downrighlt alarming hi a nmn whose weins runs lime-juice !" "Old Crimp!" cried I, "what's the mnatter with him?" "Why, he comes up to me and says, 'Capt'n,' hle says, 'there's Joe Cutbill, Jemmcy Smithers, thatfuneral chap ?MIufin, and the 'tothers who was in the boat which went to the wreck this afternoon, all aswearing tleat they heard a voice in tile air!' and so saying, he burst out a hlaugh ing like a parrot. 'A woiee!' says hle. 'So ule and MIr. Mlonson aren't the only ones, d'ye see. D eamme,' says he, 'if it don't do my heart good to thiink ou't. There's tele whole bloomin' boiling of us now,' says he, 'to laugh at capt'n; net Jacob Crimp only,' and here he bmsts into another lauglh." "What does tte old chap want to cou vey?" said L. "Why, sir, joyfulness as that he no longer stands alone as having heard a woice, for though to be sure you was withl him that night, and some sound like to a cuss rose up off yon quarter, hle feels Iske being alone in the hearing of it, for, yo see, a man in his position can't comfortably hitch on to a gent like you, and it was the harder for him, for that the man at the wheel swore that he never heard the cry." "He is superstitious, like most old lob scousers, no doubt," said I. "Have the others been talking about this mysterious hail from the wreck?" "Ay, sir; 'tis a pity. It's raised an oneasiness'mongst the men. There's that Irish fool O'Connor, him that foundered the 'Dago,' going about with a face as long as a wet hammock and swearing that taint lucky." "I don't know about its being unlucky," said I, "but it certainly is most con foundedly curious, Captain Finn." I saw him peering hard at me in the dusk. "But surely your honour's not going totell me there Was a woice?" said he. "As we were shoving off," said I, "we were hailed in God's name to return. Every man of us in the boat heard it. There were but two bodies in the wreck, as stone dead as if they had died before the days of the flood. What say you to that, Captain Finn?" He pulled off his liat to scratch his head. After a pause, he exclaimed slowly, "Well,' I'm for leaving alone what isn't to be onderstood. There was ghosts maybe afore I was born, but none since; and the dead li'ant talked, to my knowledge, since New Testament times. Old Jamaicy rum isn't to be had by dropping a bucket over the side, and if a truth lies too deep to be fished up by creeps, better drop it, says I, and fix the attention on something else." "You tell me the men are uneasy?" "Ay, sir." "Do you mean all hands?" "Well, your honour knows what sailors are. When they're housed together under one deck they're like a box of them patent lucifer lights-if one catches, the whole mass is aflame." "It's a passing fit of superstition," said I. "Give it time. Best say nolthin about it to Sir Wilfrid." "Bless us, no, sir. Sorry it's raised so much satisfaction in that there old Jacob. though. A laugh in Jacob don't sound natural. Any sort o' joyfulness in such a constitution is agin nature." At this point Miss Jcnnings arrived on deck, and Finn, with a shadowy fist mowing at his brow, stepped to the oppo site rail, where his figure was easily dis tinguished by the stars lie blotted out. "I hope your spirits are better," said Miss Laura. "I should be glad to turn the silent sailor of that wreck out of my memory; but my spirits are very well." "Wilfrid noticed your depression at table, but lie attributed it entirely to the dreadful sight you witnessed on the wreck." She passed her ]hand through my arm witli a soft impulse that started me into a walk, but there was so much real unconsciousness in her way of doing this-a childlike intimation of her wish to walk without proposing it, and so breakling the flow of our speech at the imomient that for some little while I was scarce seniiblo I held lher arm, ami tlat I v.a pacing with her. "But I think there is more the matter with you, Mr. Monson," she continued, with her face glimmering like pearl in the dusk, as she looked up at me, " than meets the ear-I will not say the eye." "The fact is, Miss Jennings," said I abruptly, "I am bothered." "By what?" '!Well, what think you of the suspicion which grows in me that this yacht carries along with her, in the atmosphere that enfolds her, some sort of Ariel, whoso mission it is to bewilder out of its in visibility the sober senses of men of plain, practical judgment, like your humble servant?" "You want to frighten me by pretend. ing that you are falling a little crazy." "No!" "Or you are creating an excuse to return home." "No again. How can I return home!" "Why, by the first convenient ship we happen to sight and speak. Is this some stratagem to prepare Wilfrid's mind for your bidding us farewell when the chance happens?" Slhe spoke with a subdued note and a tremble of fretfulness in it. "Suffer me to justify myself," said I, and with that I led her to the captain, who stood with folded arms leaning agaiinsi the rail near the main rigging. "Finn!" lie dropped his liands and stood bolt upright. "Be so good as to tell Miss Jennings wlat the men are talking about forward." "You mean the woicc, sir?" "What the men are talking about," said I. "Well, miss," said Finn, "as the boat that Mr. Monson had charge of this after noon was aleaving the wreck the men heard themselves hailed by a woice t .at begged 'em, in God's name, not to leave the party as called behind. Mr. Monson, sir, you heard it likewise." "I did," I answered. "Another mystery," exclaimed Miss Laura, "quite as dismal and astonishing as Muffin's phosphoric warning." ''Thanks, Finn; that's all 1 wanted to ask you," said I, and we left him to resume our walk. "Tell me about this voice," said the girl. I did so, putting plenty of colour into the picture, too, for I wanted her to sym pathlise with my superstitious mood, whilst up to now tiherewas nothing but incredulity and a kind of coquettish pique in hlier voie and manner. "-And you are afraid of this voice, Mr. Monson? I wonder at you!" "You should have my full consent to wonder," said I, "if it were tlie first time. but there was the other night,.yosu know. with solid, sour, uncompromising old Crimp to bear me witness, and now again to-day, with a boatful of men for evidence." "Really, Mr. Monson, what do you want to make yourself believe ?" she asked, with a tone like a half laugh in her speech : "the dead cannot speak." "So 'tis said," I grumbled, sucking hard at my cigar to kindle it afresh. "Human syllables cannot be delivere.! save by human lips. What, then, couhi: have spoken out of the darkness of the sea the other night?" "Does not Milton tell of airy tongues that syllable men's namesi ? " said I gloomily. "Mr. Monson, I repeat that I wonder at you. How can you sufker your imagina tion to lie cheated by some trick of the senses?" she laughed. "Pray, Ie careful. You may influence me. Then wlhat i. morbid company shall we make! I am sure you would like me to believe in this mysterious voice of yours. But, happily, we Colonials are too young, as a people, to be superstitious. We must wait for our ruined castles, and our moated grauges, and our long, echoing, tapestry-lined corri dors. Theoun, like you English, wei n,-y tremble when we hear a mysterious voice." She started violently as she said this, I giinig my arm so smart a pull that in I istastly bloughlt me to a halt, whilst i; a voice of genuine alarm she exclaimed "Good gracious! what is that?" Her face was turned up towards the weather yardarn of the square topsail, where, apparently floating a little above the studdingsail-boom iron, like to a flame in the act of running down the smoke of an extinguished candle ere firing the wick, shone a pendulous bubble of greenish fire, but of a luminosity sufficiently powerful to distinctly reveal the extremity of the black spar pointing finger-like into the darkness ahead, whilst a large space of the curve of the topgallant-sail above showed in the lustre with something of the glassy, delicate greenness you observe in a midsummer leaf in moonshine. The darkness, with its burden of stars, seemed to press to the yacht the deeper for that mystic light, and much that had been dis -tin'uislsablo oiutlinies before n meltd out upon the sight. 'tWlift is it?" exclaimed M'iss Jennings in aSvoice of consternation, and I felt her hand tighten upon fiy adrm witl'her fears thrilling through the involuntary pressure. "Figure an echoing corridor hung with aged tapestry stirrinhg to cold draughts which seem to come like blasts from a iraveyard, a noise as of the distant clank j?lgo, f chains, and then the apparition of aman in arimour, holding up such a lantern as that yonder, approaching you wlho are spellbound anid cannot move for horror." I burst out laughing. " lhat is that light, Mr. Monson?" she cried petulantly. "Why, Miss Jennings," I answered, " 'tis a saint, not a light; a reverend old chap called St. Elmo who transforms him self at pleasure into a species of snap si'on for the encouragement of poor (To be coutiimned.) 