The Way it Works. .-BEING. ''AN- ENQUIRY INTO THE : ' OPERATION OF THE NEW -? - - - LICENSING ACr. ; (by 'ahqcs.') No. 3. : 'HOTEL NUMBER ONE. 'The place and its business are each, as -well as the staff by whom the business is carried on, peculiar in their way. In a dingy kitchen at the rear of the house an old, drunken man looks after the cooking. Well, of course ho's not always druuk ; doubtless the fuuds don't admit of that, but he's, that way as often as he can i manage to get tnero. iiuu wnou bins uujj I pens the old reprobate comes into the, bar I parlor, and to an audience of two or throe I sober young couutrymen who are stopping I in the house he relates stale old witless I scraps of obscene narrative, whereat the I young countrymen laugh consumedly, and I we listen and niirvel , where otherwise I apparently sensiMu and decant young I fellows can find subjuet matter for merri I nient in the buldly obscene nonseuse the old fellow is1 drivelling forth. This old chop I is, in his way, d character, and is happy in I the possession of enormous self-esteem. I He informed us thortly after our arrival I .that he was a cook by profession, having I served a lengthened apprenticeship to thu I business in. London, and since then fol I lowed the calling of a culinary artiste wilh I outbreak until the time of speaking. OE I the fruils of his labors more anon; they I were, however, judged in tha light of the I statements he put forth, of an acutely I saddening character. j The bulk of the household labor of this I establishment seemed to be performed by I an ancient Scotch women whose ideas of I cleanliness were, to say the least of it, I peculiar. This morning we observed her, I she having transferred stime butter from a I dish to a plate, preparatory to t:\king up a I lodger's breakfast, diligently clean the I . knife upon her tongue, and wipe it upon I her much-soiled apron before cutting some I bread for the happily unconscious lie-a-bed. a It seems to be a custom with a majority of I? the few boarders here, 10 tike thoir break Pnn4- in Yt^A fill t \\\ fl A f.llWV 1^11 t'. t.ll H fTiff. nf second sight, what would be the snjoyment of that breakfast then? Our own break fast appetite was very much affected by what we saw of the preparation of their inorning meal. With motherly fussiuets and quaint Scotch accert and phrases, the ancient waitress flutters about her little handful of guests, and explain) that 'the tea is no sue the quick the. day, will ye tak a glass o' wae ? ' or remarks ' that there is nae any pudden the day, ye'il mebbe:tak a wee bic cheese,' making use of her apron the while to dust you a plate or a knife. The gude woman is civil and good tempered,.but from her notions of common ? cleanliness, as from battle, and from murder and from sudden death good Lord deliver us! In addition to the attendants aforesaid, there comes across in the morning from some adjacent slum to the pub,, a fellow of the loafer order, who does odd jobs about in the morning, and loafs about tor the re mainder of the day, a general air of ' go as-you-please' pervading the movements of all and sundry. At dinner time on our first day at this'hotel, we get a very fair insight into the character of the dining guests. They are mostly members of the small farmer and farm-laborer class, and as wo sit opposite them for the first time, the open, rapid, and uniform movement of the six brawny tight arms which are wielding six rather dingy knives, each loaded with masses of dinner matter, and conveying said dinner to apertures which are bent weir over to receive the coming provender, the effect is so comical that it is with difficulty we restrain ourselves from some thing more, than a smile. The yard at tached to .the house is filled with country carts, and in the extensive range of stables there are many stout country cobs, saddle and riding, whose wants are being care fully looked 'after by the man in charge. This part of the business seems to be run upon strictly business principles, and de serves all the support it seems to get. The yardman, however, good business man though he seems to be, frequently finds himself in one of the well-sheltered bars of the house, and at times waxes eloquent in praise of the merits of a drop of good beer or ale; or, one occasion, relating how, -when in eome village in England, a man wassuff ering from hydrophobia, those whom it concerned, finding that no one else would tackle .the job, sent down to the village pub for the beer-sodden loafers who usually hong about there, to come up, seize and bind- the man. 'You should a een 'em collar him. They'd no more fear on 'im nor I 'aye o' this ere glarse of ale.' And with, appropriate action he seized the deep sinker,- and instantaneously became outside it's. contents. This story the yardman told in illustration of his pet theory that a little beer or, rum, applied internally, protects the human system effectually against all danger of disease, damage, infection, or contagion. Ever i and anon, with apron discreetly thrown over the tell-tale vessel, enters the bar some slovenly woman with jug: .in hand, and. passing the jug over the bar, together with coins to pay -for the filling thereof, she modestly states her wiBh, and presently leaves with a store of malt liquor for refreshment of self and friends at home. Most of the women are young, and most of them also, noticing in the bar a stranger, not an habitud, call for the beer with something approaching to diffidence. Not so, however, with, the aged women, with vice-lined features and dis hevelled hair, who sometimes bring the jugs. With defiant chatter and loud voice they land their jugs upon the counter and call for what they want, with jealous eye watching the tap to see they are not defrauded of the little extra drop thrown in after the measure - in your own jug. And tender children force back the swinging doors and lisp their requests for small supplies of, generally— rum, for the con veyance of which they produce from the shelter of pinafore or apron bottles ranging ?in size from the painkiller or sauce bottle to. the flat whisky bottle, guaranteed to hold one imperial quart. And thus the day goes, the landlord some time after midday taking post in a corner of his* bar, where he sits, silent, scowling, and immovable, like a sulky spider waiting for its prey, until the advent of a customer ?causes him to spring to his feet and per ?form the necessary service with a fair show of alacrity.. The landlord seems to be not, on the whole,'nearly us bad as his looks— seems in iact .to .be only negatively low, with a form of lowness arising mainly from the absence of brains. With a monotony of slow dragging trade, the vice' of which has no relief of spiciness or wit, nor the slackness of it any chaugo' or spurt of briskneBS, the time creeps by until at length the daylight wanes, the lamps are lit, and tea-time draws nigh. Sad and depressiug as have been the pre vious attempts at something to eat, tea time is still more so. Dealing with this de tail of the life hero, it is impossible to be truthful without being zolaesque, and it is impossible to be zolaesque without being disgusting. A veil must be drawn over this part of the household routine. Seated in the bar parlor-for the greater part of the day, are Ihree or four young men, who say nothing, do nothing, and apparently think nothing, all the while, save only when they lUten to the old cook's drunken and ob scene yarns, when they chiefly laugh. When night comes, however, these young men begin to show some sign of life, gathering round a table upon which ia placed a dingy pack of cards, and as the night wears on towards closing time the landlord joins them, and by-and-bye tho gambling, or perhaps it would be mire correct to say t.lie pi vying spirit, seems to galvanise them into life, and they begin to move and speak as if awake. No money is ever passed, but sometimes drinks are called for at the ond of the game. And thus thu night wears on until midnight is passed, and sotnelimfs tho play continues until between 3 or 4- o'clock in the morning, and it may be later. This practice doubt less to some extant accounts for the break fasts in bed. On Tuesday morning we lounge about in a purposeless sort of way. An old woinnn enters the bar, and in company with the attendant loafer of the house, begins drink ing rum and singing songs. We nre inclined to think that the lundlady, who listens with s!«-py amusemont to tho out spoken eccentricities of epaech of the old woman, has treated her once or.twice, but we are not sure, us a partition is between U9. Song and laugh, and talk that is meant to be witty, goes on, until at length the ancient crone, after havine roundly tongue-thrashed most of us, niuelt in cluded, leaves with the intention of smash ing old Brown's —whoever he may be — windows. She declares loudly that ns old Browa won't invalid her she'll 'smash his blank windows; he'll havo to jug her for the winter, but she won't thieve or do nnything wrong to ? get there'— to the 'jug,', that is. .Appa rently, it. is not looked upon aR 'a sin to smash old Brown's windows. We wonder does it— the' smashing— occur often. On the previous, evening we. had teen this ancient crone in the bar parlor of another hotel not a hundred miles away; sleeping the stertorous slumber of the drunkard on a form almost within the full view of the passing public. And later on the same night we beheld her amicably quaffing beer from a pewter, in alternate drink, with per haps the most villainous-looking specimen of humanity to be found-in Launceston. Then enters a girl-hawker of fancy goods, and essays to make sale of some of her wares: silk handkerchiefs and other trifles. The girl is very young, and her English very defective, and she is of course quite alone ; but this does not save her from some rather co ;rse chaff from most of theby standers, the landlady throwing meaning side looks around the while recommending the girl to get married at once. The chile understanding, manages to tell, but with difficulty, that she is 15 years of age and comes from the South of France. More /ttiVitmia /il-r»fp r»fc roVnnb f.hft a\r\\. -wit.h lftTrJft black, wondering eyes, stares enquiringly round and smiles. Smiles u non- committal kind of smile, meant to express probably mild acquiescence in the remarks— which fortunately she does not understand— made by those around her. Ultimitely the girl departs, well pleased at having sold some trifles to the landlady. Thus day after day goes on without noticeable incident, the greater portion of the dwellers in the place only affording evidence of their presence therein by the conveyance to them at intervals of ' nips,' carried by the woman of air work, tor by the loafer of the house. General stillness prevails, and the air 'of the house, until euchre time arrives, seems to be permeated with a kind of grog-sodden melancholia. On Saturday morning, towards midday, the farmers and their wives, and their sisters, and their cousins; and their aunts, begin to arrive, and at twelve, o'clock the yard is full of traps, including two or three drays, and the stable is full of horses, and the yard man is moving briskly about, and is full of boisterous merriment, matters are going well with him. When two or three country carts arrive together, the drivers and tho passengers, together with possibly on attendant cavalier or two; having seen their nags properly disposed of;' as a rule adjourn to the commercial room. Here, with some '? preliminary small joke or two, a member of the party proposes drinks. Then ensues a friendly little .'dispute, several of the party wishing to stand. This point settled, the ladies are. asked to name their liquors, and they .mostly in reply say, after a modest little ' hem' or two, whisky, brandy, or rum, the men either taking beer or shandygaff. Here was a revelation to us ; the womenfolk went one better than their mankind. Well, possibly it was only what might have been expected had we giv-m the matter any thought; for were not the blooming country girls and women who were taking their poison with such unaffected enjoyment, the actual or poten tial better-halves of the modest beer drinkers, their male escorts. Over the con sumption of the liquor sojne good-humourod and very out-spoken chaff goes on, the fun being generally extracted out of the rela tions between the sexes, and neither young nor old, absent or present, being spared. But although the women folk drink strong waters, which, as a rule, the men do not, they keep strictly sober, which also, as a rule, the men do not. These labor-warped tillers of the soil, who struggle with heroic and strenuous persistency upon the acres they have won as their own, mostly by painful and oxcessive toil, seem to be singu larly weak under the influence of alcoholic stimulant. They rapidly become flushed of face, garrulous, and somewhat incoherent of speech after one or twoiong-sleeyers; but — and all honor to them at this point then they stop. At least, most of them do, taking a pick-me-up to help them on the road when the old cob is hitched to the old cart, and the ladies have mustered all their little parcels, and delivered, each and all, their friendly little messages, to -present friends, for absent friends of whom they wot Then also does the good man, coiner ing off, quietly ns he thinks, the landlord or landlady, procure such modest measure of refreshment as he thinks will serve to maintain the flagging spirits of his ' party during tho drive home, find also, perchance leave the least little taste for a nightcap on arrival. One or two of the men, however, were not quite so prudent as the remainder were in the indulgence in their weekly measure of venial sin. One aged man in particular we remember, who, whether of original design, or because of accidental overcomenoss, threw himself back in a chair and slept for many hours ; his abnor mally large glasses, and massive and rubi cund nose, glaring shrotifjh the half light of the darkened room like beacons seen through a fog. But when tho time for de parture came, he was them with the rest. These countrymen won't bo licked by beer or nny other enemy with whom they may cope or coquotte, and in this regard, ' more power tu 'em,' say we. With dismal uniformity of procedure, Saturday night is worn through, as were the other nights. The same littlo knot of card-players, nlthough not the same iu clividual in its composition, the same nearly silent sitting into the small hours, and the same ultimate retirement. At the Sunday morning breakfast we are in a minority of one, but evidently we are not alone in the house,' ns the cups and tho breakfasts are conveyed about as on other days. But between meals a dismal and sepulchral stillness seems to pervade the place, a stillness taunted by ghosts of tho orgies of other days. No member of tho outside or general public obtains access to the house, and the Sunday trade if, practically, nil. And here we ask ourselves, W hat portion of the 24 hours is passed by the dwellers in this place — servants excepted— in bed ? And it seems to us the answer must be, Nearly the whole period. Nothing dreadful happens here ; but a blight— the dreadful bligbt o£ the tippling curso— has fallen on the place, and by-and by it' will bear fruit in utter neglect of business, in deleriicm tremens, in infamy, and in ruin. 