GUNBAR. (F&0U OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) , October 18. On Monday sight last It rained steadily. for ft considerable time, and in the mornina the ? register showed 31 poinU, which was thank. ? fully received by both animate'and inanimate Mature. '? . The locustsare getting eqoippsd with wings, . . ! They can hardly fly yeU but they can spring | and jump a few yards at a time.. ..In some. .places the ground is black with tbem. . ; The Cowl Cowl flock, mentioned . bejere (Mr Bent.in charge) passed here on the way to tbo Victoriaii market last Monday. . They are a \ ? big framed sort, and should command a good V ' - price. A party,of:Bnrvsyore areround:hera atpre ^ tent taking levels for the c&nalt; that axe to be dug between the two rivers. They are now fcbout siquil distance from tbe lachlan and the ? Hurrumbidgee. When this part of Riverina bu been enclosed with wire netting and the : last bunny has given jup the ghost, and a net i work of channels for irrigation and water eon* ?ervationhas been madi% then will -It be a veritable land of Goschen. . Hold I Don't yan wiah you may see it ? Toame Uden with wool, aro passing daily how to Carrathool railway station' to Sydney. Contrary to expectation tho clip is proving an excollent oflo, I ^aw some biles of 80 ewes' fleeces (skirted), which weighed, cloao on 4ewt (aversge fleece O^lbs). Some can boast of fleeces weighing. 8 and lOlbs unskir'.ed, while tho ram^on ono tig selections have yielded fleeces from 15! to I81bs, and one weiffh'ed ;20lbB. . ?? I lerrn that on a . certain station north ot ! the Lachlan, the shearers who went out, on., »trike won't be received b«ck, nor will .the I wages earned by them bo paid. The station wes cut out all but the lambs when the msn struck, ? These are not now to be shorn this season.'' ? ? The cotton-baab conntry, that was rendered ho sterile by .grasshoppers last autumn, and thoplant which it was feared would never re* cover the isating down it got, is now lookiog grand/ the bush having sprung up from tho old rootrin fine luxuriance. ; The public school here, which was.closed for a week, has been reopened under the superin ' tendence of. Mr McMahon, from Sydney. It is \ to be hoped the fresh teacher may' be as suc cessful as his predeceasorin teaching the young idea how to shoot. i Last Sunday a. practical diaoourae was | preached by the Rov. Mr Hewitt— it being his fourth appearanco in the pulpit here— from Hosea 14, ' 3-7 . verses.' Thero . was a large 1 attendance, and a big collection was taken up. The attention of the audience was sustained throuchout. At the concloaicn the rovernnd gentleman madb an announcement which : was received with surpriso and regret, that thie was probably tho last time' he would officiate at Gunbar, as he expected to be called npon to eupply in another, locality. Mr Hewitt's ear vices have beep highly appreciated here, and he has rendered himself very acceptable to the reopie in every way. xoey are lotn to part with^hlm, . Mr. Gibson's shed cut out on Thursday last, MrLugpdin's this morning. Gunbar Station will finish next week. Several email sheds oulv commenced this week, Fivo hundred and thirty fat sboep (mixed) pasaed here to»day for Bomebnsh, per train, from a selector on Little Willandra, Mr Terry ip charge.' The hay and grain crops here and at McKinley which have rabbit-proof fences around are as healthy lookiog as possible. 