HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, tbe good ship t" Mary Compton," of Bristol, Eng- land, wa8 strugling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew fair- s.„l_ Li. IL. A1 _1 A AL - n iuub./) nut me weamer was Clear, ana uue vap tain expected every moment to get tight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once, there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fear ful shock and went to pieces. Fonr men, in- clnding the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had hap pened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most Important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit 2 " Ton are beyond human aid'' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thonght so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had noibnsiness to put ont the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy, she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and," she said, " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out . in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful ecugh racked herjframe so that she eonld not lie down in bed and sleep. " I coald scarcely crawl about the honse," she says, " I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Bnggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was' I have mixed yon Eome medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it far three weeks, then gave up in despair. " I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home arid cried till I was sick. . I had no ap petite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My Mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time X commenced vomiting, and wbat I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock oh a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morn ing. " At. this time' I remembered that Mrs. Wil son, with whom I formerly worked in Craw ford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (whpre I live) had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crost, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, aed was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890). in better health than ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Cura tive Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, bnt I thank God X did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbonrs know the facts I have related and I will reply to my letters of en quiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possi bly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have bad no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 