A GHOSTLY EXPETI?ENCn. The followint expectenc .occureder itn ur own time to a gentlemran, well-known inche scintifie world of Paris, whom, we ha?oe ourselves met in societyr, and whose veracmit is unimnpeachable-the late 3?. B-Sy, one of the editors of the .donala ,eictiJlyues, a man then in the prime of life, constantly en gaged in scientific research, and most. un likely, from his piursoits and fraoe of inind, to give way to undue credulityor fireaks of imagination. The storyr-which he was not willing to relate--was, horwever, ;told by hirmself to a mutual friend, throuh whom'it became knowsa to the present writer. 31\. B3- yr stated that hde had another friend who -from boyhood had been dear to him as a brother, who went to tilgeria, as a coloni-t, in the more inland..part.of the country. te . B1 --y hid been eoa some time without news of him, bit felt ino aiii?t?'and was not particul-rly tlinkaing of. him, when one nighti while sitting writing in his pehate room, to his joyful surprise, hle saw the traveller come in. ,weorig a strange dress, which wans nfofaniihal? c t in ar :ed up i and Ihasternedl to meet theissitor, heartily ex tending hris hands, when to his :istonahihient he drew back saying- . "I)Do nottouch t met ..fat ice,f- (No ie touchez pas--oe oasub ar-o'), adding that he had come to (ioski him to prepa:ir his? itoir for the news that the shock mioit no: ?be too sudden: . The whole story was so ohlikeothe con ventional "ghost " that 31. B--?y; acecord ing to his own statemeant, felt no more fear than if he had seen hli frieun nrder th;ouost ordinary circumatances. The appiffrition then took its placesn an arm-clhutir, opposite to the one occupied by 31. B-y, and the two conver-ed -frely as in formnner times; the one still belonging to this world recei'ingthe assurance of the other tlmt he was '"Lvery happy" (tlIlr hAlu,'ru.r), but thit he was hot permitted to sayr more. The strange visitor then told him that lie would come atgain two days later, at the same hour, and dis appeared. Wihen hie found himself alone, the awe and terror which lhad been absent from the inter view came in full force, and over-powe-red 3. B- y, who tried to brace his nerves by seeking every kind of natural explanation of the wonderful sight he lead witnessed. Hallucination-a passaing tit of delirium-a delusive dream, cverrthinrg seemed miore satisiletorv that the reality. Finally, he determined not to cause perhaps needless affliction to his jriend's motlher, and conoe quently refrained earom "wFiting to her as he hid'been requested to do. When the time cm.me for the apparition to " return, he prepared a large fire, placed an arm-chair in readiness for his visitor-; then distrinbuted diglhts in thie room, so as to -ire it festive brilliancy. At the exact hour, his frietd again stood before him--but grav;e and sad; mrildly; but earnecstly, reproaching him for not having written to his mother, and entreating leim to do so without loss of time, for she would hear the sad news too suddenly fromn other sources. 31. B-y promised to atone for the omiission and again the friends conversed, B-y 'rcmaiiiing verfectly calm and writhout fear. The ;isitor then bade him farewell, sailing that he should hlie seen no more on this earth; and as 31 B--y gazed, hie saw him graddlay disappear. Again he was seized with intense awe and terror; but this time he did not hesitate to write to his friend's mother, saying that circumstances lwhich had come to his knowledge led him to entertain serious fears as to the safety of her son. Scarcely had the poor mother received the first intimation of danger, when the official communication rachled her, annoamc ing the sad event as habing taken place on the very day when ?I. B ---y had. first reci his mysterious visitor, hoid enciosing a photo graph, representing his friend in the strange dress which had surlriscd him, and which he found wass the one' adolited by colonists in that distant part of Algeria. 