B E A T R I C E . BY RIDER HAGGARD. (Author of "King Solomon's Mines," "She," &c.;) CHAPTER XX. BACK AT BRYNGELLY. Geoffrey and Mr. Granger reached Bolton-street about six o'clock. The drawingroom war still full .of callers. Lady Honoria's young men mustered in great force in those days. They were very inoffensive young men and Geoffrey had no particular objection to them. Only he found it difficult to remember all their nameB. When Geoffrey entered the drawing-room there were no less than five of them, to say nothing of two stray ladies, all superbly dressed and metaphorically sitting at Honoria's very pretty feet Otherwise their contributions to the general store of amusement did not amount to much, for her ladyship did most of the talking Geoffrey introduced Mr. Granger, whom Honoria could not at first remember. Nor did she receive the announcement that he was going to dine and stop the night with any particular enthnsiam. The young men melted away at Geoffrey's advent like mist before a rising sun. He greeted them civilly enough, but with him they had nothing in common. To tell the truth they were a little afraid of him. This man with his dark handsome face sealed with the stamp of intellect, his powerful-looking form (ill-dressed, according to their standard) and his great and growing reputation, was a person with whom they had no sympathy, and who, they felt, had no sympathy with them. We talk as though there is one heaven and one hell for all of us, but here must be some mistake. An impassable gulf yawns between the different classes of mankind. What was such a man as Geoffrey to do with the feeble male and female butterflies of a London drawingroom? There is only one link belwepn them: they live on the same planet. When the five young men and the two stray ladies had melted away, Geofirey took Mr. Granger up to his room. Coming down stairs again he found Lady Honoria waiting for him in the study. " Is that individual really going to dine and sleep here f she asked. " Certainly, Honoria, and he has brought no dress clothes," he answered. " Really, Geofirey, it is too bad of you," said the lady with some pardonable irritation. "Why do you bring people to dinner in this promiscuous way ? It will quite upset the table. JuBt fanoy asking an old Welsh clergyman to dine, who has not the slightest pretensions to being a gentleman, when one has the Prime Minister and a Bishop coming—and a clergy-, man without dress clothes too. What has he come for?" « He came to see me on business, and as to the people coming to dinner, if they don't like it tbey can grumble when they P0 home. By the way, Honoria, I am going down to Wales for a day or two tomorrow. I want a change." " Indeed ! Going to see the lovely Beatrice I suppose. You had better be careful, Geoffrey. That girl will get you into a mess, and if she does there are plenty of people who are ready to make an example of you. You have enemies enough, I can tell you. I am not jealous, it is not in my line, but you are too intimate with that girl, and you will be sorry for it one day." ' . , " Nonsense," said Geoffrey angrily, but nevertheless he lei: that Lady Honoria's words were words of truth. It struck him, moreover, that she must feel this strongly, or she would not have spoken in that tone. Honoria did not often pose as a household philosopher. Still be would not draw back now. His heart was set on seeing Bearice. " Am I to understand," went on his wile, " that you still object to mv staying with the Garsingtons'? I think it is a little hard that if I do not make a fuss about your going to see your village paragon, you should refuse to allow me to visit my own brother." Geoffrey felt that he was being bargained with. It was degrading, but in the extremity of his folly he yielded. "Go if you like," he said shoitly, " but if you take Effie, mind that she is properly looked after, that is all," and he abruptly left the room. Lady Honoria looked alter him, slowly nodding her handsome head. " Ah," she said to herself, " I have found out how to manage you now. You have your weak point like other people, Master Geoffrey— and it spells Beatrice. Only you must not go too far. I am not jealous, but I am not going to have a scandal for 50 Beatrices. I will not allow you to lose your reputation and position. Just fancy a man like that pining for a village girl—she is nothing more; and they talk about his being so clever. Well, he always liked ladies society ; that is his failing, and now he has burnt his fingers. They all do sooner or later, especially these clever men. The women flatter them, that's it. Ofcouise the girl is trying to get hold of him, and she might do worse, but so surely as my name is Honoria Bingham I will put a spoke in her wheel before she has done. Bah ! and they laugh at the power of women when a man like Geoffrey, with all the world to lose, grows love-sick for a pretty face; it is a very pretty face by the way. I do believe that if I were out of the way he would marry her. But I am in the way, and mean to stay there. Well, it is time to dress for dinner. I only hope that old clown of a clergyman won't do something ridiculous. I shall have to apologize for him." Dinner-time had come; it was a quarter past eight, and the room was filled with highly-bred people all more or less distinguished. Mr. Granger had duly appeared, arrayed in his threadbare black coat, relieved", however, by a pair of Geoffrey's dress shoes. As might have been expected, the great folk did net seem surprised at his presence or to take any particular notice of his attire, the fact being that such people never are surprised. A Zulu chief in full war dress would only excite a friendly interest in their breasts. On the contrtry they recognized vaguely that the old gentleman was something cut of the common run, and as such worth cultivating. Indeed the Prime Minister, hearing casually that he was a clergyman from Wales, asked to be introduced to him, and at once fell into conversation about tithes, a subject of which Mr. Granger was thoroughly master. Presently they went down to dinner, Mr. Granger escorting the wife of the Bishop, a lat an J somewhat apoplectic lady, blessed with an excellent appetite. On his other side was the Prime Minister, and between the two he got on very well, especially after a few glasses of wine. Indeed, both the apoplectic wife of the Bishop and the head of Her Majesty's Government were subsequently heard to declare that Mr. Granger was a very entertaining person. To the former he related with much detail how his daughter had saved their host's life, and to the latter he discoursed upon the subject of tithes, favouring him with his ideas of what legislation was necessary to meet the question. Somewhat to his own surprise, he found that his views were received with attention and even with respect. Ia the main, too, they received the suoport of the Bishop, who likewise felt keenly on the subject of tithes. Never before had Mr. Granger had 6uch a good dinner nor mingled with company 6o distinguished. He remembered both till his dying day. Next morning Geoffrey and Mr. Granfnto the details of their long journey to er started before Lady Honoria was up. Wales (in a crowded third-class carriage) we need not enter. Geoffrey bad plenty to think of, but his feats had vanished, as fears sometimes do when we draw near to the object of them, and had been replaced by a curious expectancy. He saw now, or thought he saw, that he had been making a mountain out of a molehill. Probably it meant nothing at all. There was no real danger. Beatrice liked him, no doubt; possibly &he; had even experienced a fit of tenderness towards him. Such things come and such things go. Time is a wonderful healer of moral distempers, and few young ladies endure the chains of an undesirable attachment for a period of seven whole months. It made him almost blush to think that this might be so, end that the gratuitous extensisn of his misfortune to Beatrice might be nothing more than the working of his own unconscious vanity —a vanity which, did she know of it. would move her to angry laughter. He remembered how once, when he was quite a young fellow, he had been somewhat smitten with a certain lady who certainly, if he might judge from her words and acts, reciprocated the sentiment. And he remernbered also, how when he met that lady some months afterwards she had treated him with cold indifference, indeed, almost with an insolence, that quite bewi dered him, making him wonder how the same person could show in different lights, till at length fairly mortified and ashamed at his mistake, he had gone nway iu a rage and 6een her no more. Of course he had set it down to female infidelity; he had served her turn, she had made a fool of him, and that was all she wanted. Now he might enjoy his humiliation. It did not occur to him—to borrow an energetic American term—that it might be simple " cussedness," or that she had not really changed, but wa8 angry'with him for some reason which she did not choose to show. It is difficult to weigh the motives of women in the scales of male experience, and many other men besides Geoffrey have been forced to give up the attempt and to console themselves with the reflection that the inexplicable is generally not worth understanding. Yes, probably it would be the same case over again. And yet, and yet—was Beatrice of that class ? Had she not too much of a man's straightforwardness of aim to permit her to play such tricks ? In the bottom of his soul he thought that Bhe had, but he wonld not admit it to himself. The fact of the matter was that, half unknowingly, he was trying to drug his conscience. He knew in his longing to see her dear face once more that he had undertaken a dangerous thing. He was about to walk with her over an abyss on a bridge which might bear them, or—might break. So long as he walked there alone it would be well, but would it bear them bothl Alas for the frailty of human nature, this was the truth; but he would not and did not acknowledge it. Ho was not going to make love to Beatrice, he was going to enjoy the pleaure ol her society. Tn friendship there could be no harm. It is not difficult thus to still the qualfbs of an uneasy mind, more especially when the thing in question at its worst is rather an offence against local custom than against . natural law. In many countries of the world—in nearly all coantries, indeed, at different epochs of their history—it would have been no wrong that Geoffrey and Beatrice should love each other, and human nature in strong temptation is very apt to override artificial barriers erected to suit the convenience or promote the prosperity of particular sections of mankind. But, as we have heard, even though all things may tie lawful yet all things are not expedient. To commit of even to condone an act because the principle that stamps it as wrong will admit of argument on its merits is mere sophistry, by the aid of which we might prove ourselves entitled to defy the majority of laws of all calibres. Laws vary to suit the generations, but each generation must obey its own, or confusion will ensue. A deed should be judged by its fruits; it may even be innocent in itself, yet if its fruits are evil the doer in a sense is guilty. Thus in some countries to mention the name of your mother-in-law entails the most unpleasant consequences on that intimate relation. Nobody can say that to name the lady is a thing wicked itself; yet the man who, knowing the penalties which will ensue, allows himself, even in a fit of passion against that relative, to violate the custom and mention her by name is doubtless an offender. Thus, too, the result of an entanglement between a woman and a man already married generally means unhappiness and hurt to all concerned, more especially to the woman, whose propects are perhaps irretrievably injured thereby. It is useless to point to the example of the patriarchs, some foreign royal families, and many respectable Turks; it is useless to plead that the love is a deep and holy love, for which a man or woman might well live and die, or to show extenuating circumstances in the fact of loneliness, need of sympathy, and that the existing marriage is a hollow sham. The rule is clear. A man may do most things except cheat at cards or run away in action; a woman may break half-a-dozen hearts, or try to break them, and finally put herself up to action and take no harm at all—but neither of them may in any event do this. Not that Geoffrey, to do him justice, had any such intentions. Most men are incapable of plots of that nature. If they fall, it is when the voice conscience is lost in the whirwind of passion, and counsel is darkened by the tumultuous pleadings of the heart. Their Ein is that they will, most of them, allow themselves to be put in positions favourable to the influences. It is not safe to light cigarettes in a powdei factory. If Geoffrey had done what he ought to have done, he would never have gone back to Bryngelly, and there would have been no story to tell, or no more than there usually i6. At length Mr. Granger and his guest reached Bryngelly; there was nobody to meet them, for nobody knew that they were coming, so they walked up to the Vicarage. It was strange to Geoffrey once more to pass by the little church through those well*remembered, wind-torn pines and see that low long house. It seemed wonderful that all Bhould still be just as it was, that there should be no change at all, when he himself had seen so much. There was Beatrice's home; where was Beatrice ? He passed into the house like a man in a dream. In another moment he was in the long parlour where he had spent so many happy hours, and Elizabeth was greeting him. He shook bands with her, and as he did so, noticed vaguely that she too was utterly unchanged. Her 6traw-coloured hair was pushed back from the temples in the same way, the mouth wore the same hard smile, her light eyes Bhone with the same cold look ; she even wore the same brown dress. But she appeared to be very pleased to see him, as indeed she was, for the game looked well for Elizabeth. Her father kissed her hurriedly, and bustled from the room to lock up the borrowed cash, leaving them together. Somehow Geoffrey's conversational powers failed him. Where was Beatrice 1 She ought to be back from school. It waB holiday time indeed. Gould she be away ? He made an effort, and remarked absently that things seemed very unchanged at Bryngelly. "You are looking for Beatrice," said Elizabeth, answering his thought and not his words. "She has gone out walking, but I think that she will be back soon. Excuse me, but I must go end see about your room." Geoffrey hung about a little, then he lit his pipe and strolled down to the beach, with a vague unexpressed idea of meeting Beatrice. He did not meet Beatrice, but he met old Edward, who knew him at once. " Lord, fir," he said, " it's queer to see you here again, specially when I thinks as how I saw you first, and you a dead 'un to all purposes, with your mouth open, and Miss Beatrice a-hanging on to your hair fit to pull your scalp off. You never was nearer old Davy than you was that night, sir, nor wont be. And now you've been spared to become a Parliament man, I hears, and muoh good may you do there— it will take you all your time, sir—and I think, sir, that I should like to drink your health." Geoffrey put his hand in his pocket and gave the old man a sovereign. He could afford to do so now. " Does Miss Beatrice go out canoeing now ?" be asked Wuile Edward still mumbled his astonished thanks. " At times, sir—thanking you kindly; it ain't many suvrings as comes my way— though I hate the sight on it, I do. I'd like to stave a hole in the bottom of that there cranky concern; it ain't sale, and that's the fact There'll be another accent out of it one of these fine days and no coming to nsxt time. But, Lord bless you, it's her way of pleasuring herself. She's a queer un is Miss Beatrice, aud she gets queerer and queerer, what with their being so tight screwed up at the Vicarage, no titheB and that, and one thing and another. Not but what I'm thinking, sir," he added in a portentous whisper, " as the squire has got summut to do with it. He's a courting of her he is; he's as hard after her as a dog fish after a stray herring, and why she can't just say yes and marry him I'm sure I don't know." "Perhaps she doesn't like him," said Geoffrey coldly. " May be, sir, may be; maids all have their fancies, in whatsoever walk o' life it has pleased God to stick 'em, but its a wonderful pity, it is. He ain't no great shakes, he ain't, but he's a sound man—no girl can't want a sounder—lived quiet all his days you see, sir, and what's more he's got the money, and money's tight up at the Vicarage, sir. Gals must give up their fancies sometimes, sir. Lord ! a brace of brats and she'd forget all about 'em. I'm 70 years old and I've seen their ways, sir, though in a humble calling. You should say a word to her, sir; 6he'd thank you kindly five years after. You'd do her a good turn, sir, you would, and not a bad un as tbe saying goes, and give it the lie—no, beg your pardon, that is the other way round—she's bound to do you tbe bad turn, having saved your life, though I don't see how she could do that unless, begging your pardon, 6he made you fall in love with her, being married, which, though strange, wouldn't be wunnerful seeing what she is, and seeing how I has been in love with her myself since she was seven, old missus and all, who died eight years gone and well rid of the rheumatics." Beatrice was one of the lew subjects that could unlock old Edward's breast, and Geoffrey retired before his confusing but suggestive eloquence. Hurriedly bidding the old man good-night he returned to the house, and leaning on the gate watohed the twilight dying on the bosom of the west. Suddenly, a bnnoh of wild roses in her girdle, Beatrice emerged from the gathering gloom and 6tood before him face to face. CHAPTER XXI. THE THIRD APPEAL. Face to faco they stood, while at the vision of her sweetness his heart grew still. Face to face, and the faint light fell upon her tender loveliness and died in her deep eyes, and the faint breeze fragrant with the breath of pines gently 6tirred her hair. Oh, it was worth living to see her thus ! "I beg your pardon," she said in a puzzled tone, stepping forward to pass the gate. " Beatrice /" She gave a little cry, and clutched the railing, else she would have fallen. One moment she stayed so, looking up towards his face that was hidden in the deepening shadow—looking with wild eyes of hope and fear and love. " Is it you," she said at length, " or an nother dream." " It is I, Beatrice!" he answered, amazed. She recovered herself with an effort. " Then why did you frighten me so ?" she asked. "It was unkiud—oh, I did not mean to 6&y; anything cross. What did I say ? I forget. I am BO glad that you have come !*' and she put her hand to her forehead and looked at him again as one might gaze at a ghost from the grave " Did you not expect me ?" Geoffrey asked. " Expect you ! No. No more than I expected—" and she stopped suddenly* " It is very odd," he said; " I thought you knew that your father was going to B6k me down. I returned from London with him." "From London," she murmured. "I did noi know; Elizabeth did not tell me anything about it. I suppose that she forgot." " Here I am at any rate, and how are you ?" " Oh, well now, quite well. There, I am all right again. It is very wrong to frighten people in that way, Mr. Bingham," she added in her usual voice. " Let me pass through your gate and I will shake hands with you—if," she added, in a tone of gentle mockery, " one may shake hands with so great a man. Bnt I told you how it would be, did I not, just before we were drowned together, you know? How is Effie ?" " Effie flourishes," he answered. " Do you know, you do not look very grand. Your father told me that you had a cold in the winter," and Geoffrey shivered as he thought of tbe cause. " Ob. thank you, I have nothing to complain of. I am strong and well. How long do you stay here ?" " Not long. Perhaps tiliTuesday mornning, perhaps till Monday." Beatrice sighed. Happiness is short. She bad not brought him there, she would not have lifted a finger to bring him here, but since he had come she wished that he was going to stay longer. " It is Bupper time," she said; " let us go in." So they went in and ate their supper. It was a happy me&l.; Mr. Granger was in almost boisterous spirits. It is wonderful wkat a difference the possession of that £200 made in bis demeanor; he seemed another man. It was true that a hundred of it must go in paying his debt6, but a hundred would be left, which meant a year's respite for him. Elizabeth, too, relaxed her habitual grimness : the £200 had its influence on her also, and there were other genial influences on her in her dark secret heart. Beatrice knew nothing of the money and sat somewhat sileiit, but she too was happy with the wild unreal happiness tbatsomotimes visits us in dreams. As for Geoffrey, if Lady Honoria could have seen him she would have stared in astonishment. Of late he had been a very silent man, many people indeed bad found him a dull companion. But under the influence of Beatrice's presence he talked and talked brilliantly. Perhaps he was unconsciously striving to show at his very best before her, as a man naturally does in the presence of a woman whom he loves. So brilliantly did he talk that at last they all sat still and listened to him, and they might have been worse employed. At length supper was done, and Elizabeth retired to her room. Presently, too, Mr. Granger was called out to christen a sick baby, and went grumbling, and they were left alone. They sat in the windowplace and looked out at the quiet night. "Tell me about yourself/' said Beatrice. So he told her. He narrated all the steps by which he had reached his present position, and showed her how from it he might rise to the topmost heights of all. She did not look at him, and did not answer him, but once when he paused, thinking that he had talked enough about himself, 6he said, " Go on; tell me some more." At last he had told her all. " Yes," she said, " you have the power and the opportunity, and you will one day be among the foremost men of your generation." "I doubt it," he6aid with a sigh. "I am not ambitious. I only work for the sake of the work, not for what it will bring, One day I daresay that I shall weary of it all and leave it. But while I do work, I like to be among the first in my degree." " Oh no," 6he answered, " you must not give it up; you must go on and on. Promise me," she continued, looking at him for the first time—" promise me that while you have health and strength you will presevere till you stand alone and quite pereminent. Then you can give it up." " Why should I promise you this, Beatrice ?" " Becauso I ask it of you. Once I saved your life, Mr. Bingham, and it gives me some little right to direct its course. I wish that the man whom I saved to the worldshould be among the first men in tbe world, not in wealth, which is an accident, but in intellect and force. Pxomise me this and I shall be happy." " I promise you," he said. " I promise that I will try to rise because you ask it, not because the prospect attracts me;" but as he spoke his heart was wrung. It was bitter to hear her 6peak thus of a future in which she would have no share, which, as her words implied, would be a thing utterly apart from her, a6 much apart as though she were dead. " Yes," he said again, " you gave me my life, and it makes me very unhappy to think that I can give you nothing in return. Oh, Beatrice, I will tell you what I have never told to any one. I am lonely and wretched. With the exception of yourself, I do not think that there is anybody who really cares for—I mean who really sympathizes with me in the world. I daresay that it is my own fault, and it sounds a humiliating thing to say, and, in a fashion, a selfish tiling. I never should have said it to any living soul but you: What is the use ot being great when there is nobody to work forThings might have been different, but the world is a hard place. If you—if you—'" At this moment his hand touched hers; it was accidental, but in the tenderness of his heart he yielded to the temptation and took it. TLen there was a moment's pause, and Beatrice very gently drew her hand away, and thrust it in her bosom. " You have your wife to share your fortune," she slid, " you have Effie to inherit it, and you can leave your name to your country." Then came a heavy pause. " And you," he said, breaking it," what future is there for you ?" She laughed 6oftly. " Women have no future and they ask none. At least I do not now, though once I did. It is enough for them if they can ever so little help the lives of others. That iB their happiness, and their reward is—rest." Just then Mr. Granger came back from his christening, and Beatrice rose and went to bed. " Looks a little pale, doesn't she, Mr. Bingham ?" said her father. " I think she must be troubled in her mind. The fact is—well, there is no reason why I should not tell you ; she thinks so much of you, and you might say,a word to brighten her Up—well, it'p about Mr. Davies. I fancy, you know, that she likes him and is vexed because he does not come forward. Well, you see—of course I maybe mistaken, but I have sometimes thought that he may. I have seen bim look as if he was thinking of it, though of course it is more than Beatrice has got any right to expect. She's only got herself and her good looks to give him, and he is a rich man. Think of it, Mr. Bingham," and the old gentleman turned up his eyes piously, "just think what a thing it would be for her, and indeed for all of us, if it bhould please God to send a change like that in her way; she would be rich for life, and such a position ! But it is possible; one never knows; he might take a. fancy to her. At any rate, Mr. Bingham, I thiak you could cheer her up a little; there is no need for her to give up hope yet." Geoffrey burst into a short grim laugh. The idea of Beatrice languishing for Owen Davies, indeed the irony of the whole position was too much for his sense of hu' mour. "Yes," he said, "I daresay that it might be a good match for her, but I do not know how she would get on with Mr, Davies." " Get On! Why, well enough, of course. Women are soft, and can squeeze into most holes, especially if they are well lined. Besides, he may be a bit heavy, but I think she is pining for bim, and it's a pity that 6he should waste her life like that. What, are you going to bed ? Well, good-night •—good-night." Geoffrey did go to bed, but not to sleep. For a long while he lay awake, thinking. He thought ot the last night which he had spent in this little room, of its Btrange experiences, of all that had happened since, and of the meeting of to-day. Gould he, after the meeting, any longer doubt what were the feelings with which Beatrice re garded him ? It was difficult to do so, and yet there still was room for error. Then he thought of what old Edwards had said to him, and of what Mr Granger had paid with reference to Beatrice and Owen Davies. The views of boih were crudely and even vulgprly expressed, but they coincided, and what was more, there was truth in them, and he knew it. The idea of Beatrice marrying Mr. Davies was, to put it mildly, repulsive to bim; but had he any claim to 6tand between her and so desirable a settlement in life ? Clearly, he had not, his conscience told him so, Would it be right, moreover, that this kind of tie which existed between them should be knitted more closely ? What would ic mean ? Trouble, and nothing but troublo, more especially to Beatrice, who would fret her day away to no' end. He had done wrong in coming- here at all, he had done wrong in taking her hand. He would make the only reparation in his power (as though in such a case as that of Beatrice reparation were now possible)! He would efface himself from her life and see her no more. Then she might learn to forget him, or, a* the worst, to lemember him with but a vague regret. Yes, cost what it might, he would iorce himself to do it before any actual mischief ensued. The only question was should ho not go further f Should he not tell her that she would do well to marry Mr. Da?ies f Pondering over this most painful ques tion, at last he went to sleep. When men in Geoffrey's unhappy position turn penitent an d see the error of their ways, the prudent resolves thatensueare apt to overshoot tho mark and to partake of an aggressive nature. Not satisfied with leaving things alone, they must needs hasten to proclaim their new found virtue to the partner of their fault, and advertise their infallible specific (to be taken by the partner) for restoring the status quo ante. Sometimes as a consequence of this pious zeal they find themselves misunderstood, or even succeed in p:ecipitating the catastrophe which they laudably desire to prevent. The morrow was Whit Sunday, and a day that Geoffrey had occasion to remember for the rest of his life. They all met at breakfast and shortly afterwards went to church, the service being at half- past ten. By way of putting into effect the good resolutions with which lie was so busy paving an inferno of his own, Geoffrey did not sit by Beatrice, but took a seat at the end of the little church, close to the door, and tried to console himself by looking at her. It was a curious sullen-natured day, and though there was not very much sun the air was as hot as though they were in midsummer. Had they been in a volcanic region, Geoffrey would have thought that such weather preceded a shock of earthquake. As it was he knew that the English climate was simply indulging itself at the expense of the population. But as up to the present the season had been cold, this knowledge did not console him. Indeed he felt choked in the stuffy little church that just before the sermon (which he happened to be aware was not written by Beatrice) he took an opportunity to slip out unobserved. Not knowing where to go he strolled down to the beach, on which there was nobody to be 6een, for, as has been observed, Bryngelly slept on Sundays. Presently, however, a figure approached, walking rapidly and to all appearance aimlessly, and in it he recognised Owen' Davies. He was talking to himself while he walked, and swinging his arms. Geoffrey stepped aside to let him pass, and as he did so was surprised and even shocked to see the change in the man. His plump healthy looking face had grown thin, and wore a half stillen, half pitiful expression; there were dark circles round his blue eyes, once so placid, and his hair would have been the better for cutting. Geoffrey wondered it he had had an illness. At that moment Owen chanced to look round and saw bim. " How do you do, Mr. Bingham V' he said. " I heard that you were here. They told me at the (Station last night. You see this is a small place, and one likes to know who comes and goes," he added as though in excuse. -He walked on and Geoffrey walked with him. " You do not look well, Mr. Davies," he said. " Have you been laid up ?" " No, no," he answered, I am quite right; it is only my mind that is ill." " Indeed," said Geoffrey, thinking he certainly did look strange. " Perhaps you live too much alone and it depresses you " " Yes, I live alone, because I can't help mysdf. What is a man to do, Mr. Bingham, when the women he loves will not marry him, won't look at him, treats him like dirt V " Marry somebody else," suggested Geoffrey. a Oh, it is easy lor you to say that—you have never loved anybodj r , and you don't understand. I cannot marry anybody else, i only want her." "Her? Who?" " Who ! why, Beatrice—who ielse could a man want to marry, if once he had seen her. But she will not have me: the hates me. Really," said Geoffrey. " Yes, really, and do you know why ? Shall X tell you why ? I will tell you," and he grasped him by the arm and whispered hoarsely in bis ear:" Because she loves i/om, Mr. Bingham." u I tell you whatitis, Mr. Davies," said Geoffrey, shaking his arm free, " I em not going to 6taod this kind of thing. You must be off your bead." " Don't be angry with me," he answered. "It is true. I have watched her and I know that it is true. Why does she 'write to you every week, why does she always start and listen 1 when anybody mentions your name 1 Oh, Mr. Bingham," Owen went on piteously, "be pitiful—you have your wife and lots of women to make love to if you wish—leave me Beatrice, if you don't I think that I shall , go crazed. I have always loved her ever since she was a child, and now my love grows faster and stronger every day, and carries me away with it like a rock rolling down a hill. You can only bring Beatrice to shame, but I can give her everything, as much money as she wants, and I will make her a good husband; I will never leave her aside." I have no doubt that would be delightful for her," answered Geoffrey; "butdoes it not strike you that all this is just a little undignified 1 These remarks, interesting as they are, should be made to Miss Granger not to me, Mr. Davies." " I know," he said, " but I don't care; it is my only chance, and what do I mind about being undignified ? Oh, Mr Bingham, I have neverloved any other woman; I have been lonely all my day6. Do not stand in my path now. If you only knew what I have suffered, how I have prayed God night after night to give me Beatrice, you would help me ! You are one of those men who can do anything; she will listen to you. If you tell her to marry me she will do so, and I shall bless you my whole life." Geoffrey looked upon this abject suppliant with the most unmitigated scorn. There is always something contemptible in the sight of one man pleading to another for assistance in his love affairs—that is a business which he should do for himself. How much greater, then, is the humilation involved when the amorous person sskfl the aid of one whom he believes to be his rival —his successful rival—in the lady's affec tion? " Do you know, - Mr.'"Davies," Geoffrey said," I think that Ihfivabad enough of this. I am not in a.'position to force Miss Granger to accept advances.^nich according to your account appear to.be unwelcome. But if I get ah opportunity I will'do this: I will tell her what you say, " You really must 1 manage the rest for yourself. Good morning to you, Mr. Davies." ; He turned shotyly and went) while Owen watched him go. "I don't believe him," he groaned to himself. "He will try to make her his lover. Oh, God help me— I cannot bear to think of- it. But if he does, and I find him out; let him be careful. I will ruin him, yes, I will ruin him! I have the money and! I can do it. Ab, he thinks me fc fool, they all think mei a fool, but I haven't bsen quiet all these years for nothing.. I can make a noise if necessity. And if he is a viUarny God will help " me to destroy him. I havb prayed to God, and God will help me." Then he went back to the Castle. Owen Davies was a type of the class of religious men who believe tbat tbfey can enlist the Almighty on the side of their desires, provided only that those* desires receive the sanction of human law or custom. Thus within 24 hours Geoffrey received no less than three appeals to help the woman whom he loved to the arms of a distasteful husband. No wonder then that he grew almost superstitious about the matter. (To be continued.) 