Beliefs of the Uncivilised. According to Sir John Lubbock, the lowest savages are entirely devoid of any belief in a future life. He says that a friend of Mr. Andrew Lang's once tried to explain to a native Aus tralian the idea- of a soul ; but his ex planation of a living entity without a hnrlr wifViniit arma or Inuo mnnfli fn eat, could not be realised by the savage, who very probably thought that either the missionary's reason was leaving him, or that he was trying to perpetrate a joke on a simple child of nature. The ancient Britons at tho time of the Roman conquest, however, are said to have had such a firm belief in the reality of a second existence that they readily lent their money to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful repayment in the next world. This system of usury, it is evident, would be much appreciated by borrowers in civilised countries of the world at the present time. The Hin doos have always had a strong belief in spiritual life. Not long ago one of them who was cheated out of 40 rupees cut off his mother's head in order that her ghost might haunt the man who had robbed him. Some Polynesians believe that only the chiefs are immortal ; others more liberally minded assert that all men have souls, but that women have none. Some negro tribes believe that their deceased parents are still alive in the spiritual world, because they occasionally visit them in their dreams ; but of their grandparents they say, ' It is finished,' meaning that their existence has become for ever extinct. The Maoris, who are perhaps the most intellectual of modern savages, have an unshakable faith in the existence of another world beyond the grave; and this belief makes them con sider it a serious thing to kill an enemy and let his spirit go out embittered by the sense of defeat to the land of shadows ; for while in that region they imagine that he will prepare and mature his revenge, and when his old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible dis advantage. - On -the other hand, if a man eats as well as kills his enemy, they believe that thiBre is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and that his spirit, strength, and courage, along with his other good and evil qualities, are absorbed into and appropriated by the victor. And this is the reason, also, why a Maori is always so anxious to eat all by himself the body of any noted chieftain who has fallen in battle. 