LEONARD LINDSAY, OS the story of a buccaneer. BY ANGUS B. REACH. CHAPTER (CosnxrsD.) "Wittthis, mates, Ned Purvis walked away forward, and pondered long- and ' deeply. He rest of the crew were whisper- -ing- in groups upon the forecastle, and the .poor old captain was standing- wringing his hands beside the magic boat. So, presently, Ned epoke to two or three of the men, and they shook hinds with him and promised to etaad by uim. Then he vent down to his berth, and took out a great pistol, and carefolly examined the lock and cleaned it; afterwardshe opecel his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. Tins he liammnred into a round ball, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the pletol. So presently, armed in this fashion, & came on deck, lie men following' him by -ones and twos, and marched right to die door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at the door. " What do you want here?" quoth the old man; "take my advice, aud let him alone." "No," says Ned, "I brought him here, And Rlmakeyou rid of him;" and no say- £ng r be pot tb old man aside, and entered tteoiteL It was almost dark, but the light from the hinnitcJn cams down throughthe ekyKghl^ and showed Hie sfcrancpe S paasKiirer «ittlnp there, ~ as the captaimhad descrrbSd, withIrabackto the rudder-case. " Ned Purvis marched heavily in, and the phantom, or whatever it was,"looked up at him, Bad so they remained for more than a minute staring" into each other's eyes. The men were watching them over each other's shoulders at the door. "' Foul weather Don,* says Ned at last, as bold as steel, 'you're more free than, welcome.* The spectre took no notice. " 4 1 hove the rope to you,* 6ays Ned; ' and I thought I was doing an act of duty by my fellow creature. But now I bear that there's no living blood in yonr veins, and that you roam the ocean, bringing bad weather on the mariners you fall in with. That may be trua. or it may not. If not, -eay so, and eay who you are. If you be a shipwrecked nun yon arc welcome here ; but if not, men have told me that a tsilver bullet can wound even a ghost, and if you do not speak in time, by God, there is a rare chance now of testing the truth of the saying. Answer !* "And Nied cocked the great pistol and XereUed at the strange passenger. The figure never moved a muscle of its wan stern face. *• ' Take the dollar and my blessing -vritli it, then,' i-houted Ivcd, aud he drew tue trigjrer. The pistol exploded, and for a moment the cabin waa so full of smoke that they could not see what execution had been dene. iVhcn the vapour cleared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing up, his stony eyes giving oat their cold sparkle, more horribly than ever. ** * Yougsve me your benison,' he screeched out, ' I give von my malison; and the executors and the tokens of it will follow you might and day, until either iny fate or yours be accomplished. If you do not believe me, go on deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' " These, mates, were the very words of Foul-Weather Don; for £ have got all the conversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And GO Ned and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled np on deck, one tripping np the other in their hurry: and the first thing they did was to stare into the sea, where the phantom bad told them to look^ when sure enough, they saw the fins of two great blue sharks, awfnl mwnsfarB in size, kBepmg- -way . steadily with. ug; ' " the water, its muchas to say, '•«.>' imfllr ii irv ntr * . "To make a long Btarv diort, mates, before midnight such & gale was blowing from the eastward that tbere was nothing for it but to put the ship before the wind ; and not only that day, but that week, aud for three weeks after that, did the hurricane, for it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of bra:.course, nntilatlength tlie captain andcrew knew that they had sailed from near the coast of Afri<-a. to the coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon take oft, they would be run plump ashore, oilier on the continent or one of the islands. Meanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as beiore, never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread nor spoke word. Indeed, if he were talkative, be had no oae but Mmu'lf to hold converse with; for captain, quarter-master, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul-Weather Don was not the only thing •which stuck to the ship. The sharks kept way \rith lier as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could see them occasionally, ploughing along in the faougbs of the sea, one on each qsaitcr, and keeping their places as exactly as if they were towing after the siup. Well, all hands got low and mopish. The old captain was fudv unmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare' devil as he was, began to quail. At last, they knew by then: reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundown, that they were approaching the land, and that one way or the other their fate would soon be settled. So one evening, the men woe gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, and pointing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured clouds which sailors know hangover the land. The -weather looked as wild as ever; the scud above flew even faster than the waves below; and you should have seen the battered look of the craft as she wrait staggering along,under arag of canvas,which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a. wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed away long ago. the hatchways were all battened down. .Out of three boats she had carried -only one was left, being - etron v ladled to the deck, wh le the sea-battered Skiff of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not so much as a rope yam tomake it *ut- had never budged for all the gnat seas, •which bad beea &rweAs; rolling over aud over the dedo^sothat the mea wixie obliged T—"fcoia^L themselves to ringboJts, iwid to die maste, asuLpewec rtwH lights, fice ^rwear a ggfch of dry clothing. **WeQ,as I was saying, the poor fellows were holding on as well as they could, and l"be to-morrow by that tame, when the eeamen, who were taking their turn at helm ropes, gave a loud shout, -and the ; turning about, saw Foul-Weather Don standing upon tlie deck. " He's going—he's going," whispered, old Captain Purvis. " The Liord bat£ preserved ms in His great goodness." -" WeO, Foul-Weather Don looted eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasure island, and then he mounted the rigging— all the crew holding their breath and watching him—and gazed from the maintop lotig and sadly. At length, be made a eortof motion of despair, and came down to the ideb&^^wbere lie stood, wringing- bis bands. JJlat once lie tamed to Captain Purvis, and motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the In a tackles wett " una they let the ^aff go into • the , water, - with a <enrge that would have - burst another^ boat into staves. But only the devil, mates, could swamp a craft like that; she floated alongside as light as & well-corked bottle. ' ' ; "'Hani your wind, "when the elements will allow: JOB,', eaye (he Bon, • quite Bolemnly. ' 'Thank • qnotb Ked l^cavis. *I^a<dd thiuk.-yre wbold, when, ytra Ih&ve; "brought ns Aeaoss the oa •gainst our wilL •"Bat-jthe^ecta-x^Ked not'a .«L*jd seemed to elide rather than to dambpr over L'f^Wtote hejvnusd irefitter. 'was BotqJj-, and m a. minute €he«hantomandlus boat glanced away from the Ship's side, andflte let «w ctevaaw of; teiSmlSai^k with* figure in It, in the very crest of a breaking wave. Just as this happened, and they were beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted ' Xiaadand sure enough the next time they rose upon a sea they saw right ia the glare of the setting sun the dusky coast-line of an bland. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses and stay-sails oa the ship, sue lying-to with her head to the eastward. You know, mates, that in hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that by sunrise the next day there was nothing, but a great smooth swell to show that a gale 3>a3 just swept across the wide Atlantic. The first thinjr N«d Purvis did when he cams on deck to take the morning watch, was to look over the quarter, aad he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when he saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. The other seaman nw the creatures too, and they looked at Ned, aud whispered among themselves. " Well, yon may be t-ure that, after such a run as the ship bad had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanted vegetable food and rest: so that when the usual trade wind came to blow, and they found from one or two fishing canoes that they were amongst tho most northernof theWindward Islands, they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land aly and to refresh, themselves. All this time, s, the sharks kept Jhetrjdaoes as HbeodOy -ins, the very masts. Ned fished tor theni fn vain. He even baited the hb6k with the. choicest pieces of pork- and berf aboard^ but they would not as much as push the morsel with their snouts. * No, no, 7 said the men, when they saw this; * the creatures have their orders, and they obey them.* Then Ned tried the harpoon, but though he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he could uot make a hit at the harks; either the ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or the water uiadc the spear glance; but, however it was, Ned confessed that he could net even scratch their dingy hacks. " Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in the Whip. Poor old Captain Pnrvis was at his wit's end, aud the crew, although they used to love poor Ned, now began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knew it. * "The curse," said the men, ' is following-lis ina visible shape. There can be no good luck for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swimmins astern.' . Welt, Ned tried hard to laugh it off, but he could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. * Why," he would say, •thoy can't jump aboard, messmates: the oer-an is theirs as well as ours, and if a cat id::3- look ar a king. I don't see why a shark may nor io->k at a ship." "But though he"spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Ned was ill at ease hiuiself. Wei 1 , this lasted three days, and all that time they were cruising about amoug the islands, looking for a place which would be snug to anchor in, and out of the way of Spaiush ships. On the third day, when the ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they w»re getting more and more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the crew went to the captain iu a body, and s:iid that Ned must leave the ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of water and provisions, and he might soon get his passage off in another ship, but .whether he did or not he must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, but the men would not hear words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and says— Messmates, I have brought misfortune oa the ship, and rooiled tbe v",y»ge to follow his nephew, b&lflusy; him because he was the only gi they would have, after Ned went away, in the ship. So, presently, the nemaining boat was launched,' and beef, and biscuit, aad water, sufficient for two months at least, were put in her, with, a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of digging for water. When the boat shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to them, shouted to his uncle to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat landed in a little cove, aud Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. Tne men placed bis provisions and the shovel upon the beach, and shook hands with him; and as they rowed back to the ship, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old tree at the top. What rejoiced Ked, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. W ell, be lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, whieh was cool and pleasant, and looking out in vain for a ship. At this time the sharks kept cruising along the shore, and Ned used to amuse hinwulf by flinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising dut of the sea. One day, however, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the tree, he observed a curious thing. The tree, winch must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood bad been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after noon every day, theee branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in circle on the sand. It was after Ned observed this that he climbed the tree, and found that the crosses were artificial. Then all at once it struck him that they were meant for marks, and then he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, oS he goes for his shovel, and sets to wodc at once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but lie Very soon scraped the lid of a great ofaegt made of ironwobd, fend bound .Tviih ha^ps and clasps of metaL -' '"By all the stars,' quoth Ned, 'who knows but this is Foul-Weather- Don's treasure chest.*. "Mates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched die lid'off, and there he saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones, just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba and Hispaniola by the Indians for the Spaniards. There they bad lain for a hundred years, and no man the wiser or the better. " * Aba," says Ned, 1 1 wouldfain have yon in England, bat what am I to do with yon herer' "However, he made shift to carry the wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea; thai he brought the bor, and stowed the gold as before, covering all oyer with loose sand. The Tay next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small -bark—he did not know what she was—becalmed, -not a mile from the shore, waiting Cor the seabreeze. So be mounted arock, fired hia sun, waved a handkerchief, and shonted. Pre- sently. a boat polled off from the bark, nod Ned went down to the oove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, dE what natum I know not, bnt the vessd to which they belonged was atortkxv from one of the.lBxge .windward ibLuu3&— Martinico, I believe. So Ned told them that he had been marooned for «wiring the quartermaster of thej&ip; in which he sailed, and neked them if 4hey would mvc him o. passage to any port where he 1 wmld-ship for finfflnn^ L So the turtles con^ted togetJrer. s l i t w f e l ^ pnuiPS|SbHS M'one&^littBe^We^eia,. the bout -was loaded elmoet folhesiUter >edge with tidies. Mie iraUm weqt about like mm In a dram, andtibey were only noosed from a sort of stupid ImflAeomt when they rowed the boat out of the cove and found her so heavy that they feared she should he swamped by the heave of the sea. "'Lord!' says one oE them. 'See there ; if the boat were to fill and go dowh. Did you ever see more fearful monsters? * " And sure enough there were Ked's old friends swimming on each side of the bpat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the treasure. However, no accident happened, and as they neared the turtling ship, the sailors cried rmt that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. " You may think for yourselves, mates, how the entire crew of the hark, which carried about lialf-a-domn men. received their freight. Ned told the simple truth as to how he had got it, and the turtler, immediately that the nea-breez;! came, stood away for Martinico, the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons; out of men. The big chest stood upon the dock, and the crew hong round it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they began to handle and weigh the lumps, aud dispute about their value. Ned saw that a Btorm was brewing, aad fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had foond ifc, they had «ivcn him tho meatts of taring it to ase. Well, at this speech they , professed great -batisfaction, and swore that Ned was an - honest man and a good comrade, and that as he said, so it would be done. But it was clear that they aU distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice he observed a man concealing a knife in his garment, so that the haft eame handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks "were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gathering in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer aud sourer at each other, and gradually dravriug off into two parties, one on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threatening. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very uneasily to windward. Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The leather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, thev drew knives and snicker-snees. and cut aud chopped at each other, strug- •ling and cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash doivn on the gold, aud he rushed forward to separate them, crying: out, Madmen that you are—look out for the squall first and fight, afterwards.' " But it was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a'loud roar the squall came, tearing ap the sea. before it, and in the very eeutre of the flying foam Ned swore he sa«- Foul-Weather "Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of trold fetched awav with a mighty surge, aud went crashing through and through the frau bulwark, and then with a great plunge down to the bottom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give up its dead! All this passed in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as though relieved byhaving cast forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawling across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces and limbs. The squall waspver, and the sun burst., out 5 - Jfod rushed to the lee-beam, ' f a l l e n water, for the ch»rm was off her, mates; and while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, aud the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Nad felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line tan outeveiy fathom, and the lead touched no bottom. So they lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rope in the ship, but the sea appeared unfathomable. The gold was sunk iu a gulf from which no power of man could raise it; and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner lias ever seen Foul-Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, and, I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself."' CHAPTER IX- THE AUTHOR, wrrn SUXDEV OP HIS COVE IDES, GET OUT FOB THE CREEK WHEBE HE LEFT BIS HA-BAUZ, AXD THEBE BEAVELV CATTUEE SRAXISN SCIIOONT:R. Neariy a month passed away finee the evening oa which I listened to the stoiy of Foul-Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grow veiy impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the coast, where we might have better luck. It was then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we could divide our party between it and the canoe, leaving ample room for the stowage of provisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to' Stout- Jem, by whom it was received with approbation. We were nine in number, well armed, and therefore of quite .•fldBdent lonslp capture any Spaniard, not, "ft miin-of-war, whkli we were likely to fall lit with. It. was therefore resolved that he Heard, one of our Frenchmen, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should start, under my guid»ncc, for the cove to the westward, and if we found the boat, should navigate her round the coast to the bay, where the rest of thel party would be prepared with provisions and •water, ready to stow on board, so that, in company with the canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lost in putting the scheme into execution. Meinheer, who knew something of sail-making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which we were to carry with us, and which would suit the boat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we had found her. We also carried good-sized keg for water, and a small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting chiefly to our guns for our subsistence. We set -out by moonlight, intending to deep during the heat of the day ; and after au hour's trudge through, the wet grass aad bushes, whioh were quite drenched with the copious dews, passed the spot where lay the buocaneers who had been iiangad by the Spaniards. Truly our poor comrades-slept tranquil resting - plioe—a spot of est mas, witli feathery polnu overbending and rostlingm the night winiL We stopped to rest, when fiic sun rose, until tho eea-breeze riitwW eet in, watching its coming from beneath a/thick manga-tree, whence we «x>uld look town upon the bine sea beneath. After the land-bre^ flickered and failed, there was a/prase. dnrmgwfai<& the snnahme with bUsttringpower. far ion "the fc^rface of fbetea, *— if Jtoughened Weftnedthbdayl Ilod Idlled tfas fe nalfl wmJMt, q blankets, well ma the where and thm travcOoi •we encamped . in ,our out ly our long day** to the em ms fatiguing, but performed without any particular adventure. We sometimes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into the sea after the fish, which they mark from a great height. In the afternoon of the *ecoii<l day I reckoned that we could not be far from the cove, but the exact spot was difficult to hit, as the general appearance of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of tho sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudgctd along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-out, aud sometimes forcing our way with our great knives through the creepers and brushwood, so as to be able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking- upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and piunacleof stone; when, having stopped to hold a consultation—for I was now becoming very fearful that we had overshot our mark—we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. Tim terribly disconcerted us, lor we knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that the secret of its existence was not known to me alone. However, wu withdrew Into th* thicket, where we nonld not well be discovered; and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around us, and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in the neighbourhood. At all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landed in iny cove, as I called it, aud would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. While we were talking lowly among ourselves, Blue Teter, the Mosqiuto-man, suddenly started up on his knees, and told us to listen. We did so very intently, aad presently heard a rustling and a snapping of dry twigs in the wood, but although we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. "Tush:" says Nicky: "you are a fool, Peter, anil take a wild pig for a Spaniard." But the Indian seize.! his piew, <-ocked it, and suddenly levelling it. :irecl. before we could prevent him. " Hush:" quoth he. v^ry earnestly, " hush ! and we will bo s-ife." " Safe!" said Nicky. "Why. if tliey are Spaniards, they will be down iiiioii u> in a twinkling." "No," replied the Mosquit'i-inan. "no, no ! They shootintr ;i!l rouu.3: think my gun one of their camanulos The n.au is risrht,"' i-nid Le Pieard. "But what, in the name of the diab'.e, have you tired at."' " Me show you!" said Blue TVter; and he crawled into the underwood so circ.:iins;>ectly that ouc scarcely- lienr.l :t rustle, and presently, returning, flua^ the body of a huge dog among us. A Spanish bloocHio-.milcxclaimed Nicky; and we fill leogiiised the fawn colour, with grim, black nm«le, and the great muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question aside, the creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, oil which was inscribed the name, " Mac Je" <!. Al<-ii:sas," so it was quite clear that we were surrounded by a hunting party of She euemy, aud that, "had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who observed the bio >d-hound, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should probably have been massacred. We . were all tolerably startled, and, after a. hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lie dose where we were as attempt to shift to less dangerous quarters, as by moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of g-fustcttt thethioat' of the dog, and scattered the. blood copiously around,, so that it would embarr&as; and destroy the scent of auy other hound whioh might pass that way. -He then flung the body up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as we suppled for the slain dog, and some other shots were fired at a distance. However, the sun sank and the stars shone down through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. Making ourselves as comfortable as our position would permit, we munched our supper, of which, however, we could cat but little, for we suffered tn.ieh from thirst. Fortunately, there was wat?r enough iu the keg to afford us a few mouthfuls apiece, but we were afraid to straggle abroad iu search of more. With the grev dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden burst of ex- clamation when I recognised the little hill, to the top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up the precipitous banks of the cove. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully eaiding the rest, and great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine up which I had crept from the water. It was not easy, however, to make out whether the cove was empty, for the mornuiir was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. We proceeded, however, moving in single file along the edge of the rock, wbicli, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bushes and pirasitical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the water so that the branches of those ou both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered ou by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenlv struck my ear with which I was too well acquainted to'be easily deceived—it was the flap of canvas. Nicky heard it a<t well as myself, aml we all paused. The land wiud w-i.s just beginning to die out, and only came in heavy dank puffs down from the bills. We waited for the next gust; it shook the dew from -the branches in a great sparkling shower, aud gave a great rustle, as it were, down the ravine, in the middle of which we again heard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a saiL Beiijg guide i by the sound, we proceeded a few paces onwards, and thea coaiing- to a comparatively clear bit of -ground, weewwled upon our bellies to thi edge of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two masts, of the class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in the veiy centre of the cove, very snugly, being made fast by four hawsers, two a-head and two astern, to the trunks of trees growing near the water on either bank. She had two boats iu the water, floating by ber main chains, and one of them I immediately recognised to be the object of our journey. Here, then, was the vessel to whom the hunters, wbo6e guns we had heard, evidently belonged; and, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Le Pieard knew enough about tha fashion of those seas to be sure that the schooner was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did oa the coist here we couldnot. well imagine. The question now, however, was how we were to actP Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a .single man awake upon deck; but several stout fellows were lying adeep on under canvas and tarpaulins npon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill npon the schooner, Nicky asked our-opinion as to whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edge, and make off with both boats before the crew sw«tke. But I>e Pieard thought the risk too gnat. Besides, he argued, when they miss the boats, they can chase us oat to sea in the echooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking, X was turning over another pun. in tty o^rn. mind. " Instead of taking the fco»t%"quoth C, « whyjtfwuld t»ke this ahlp jf" • • Atthi*tbqr«U etwrUd^ ^d remindedsne SowMfefei* ^te^lra*; and ther haAdoga, too. 'fiBR* W^J^jujnncU. Jot which XA gnat ««I/ook you," quoth t, "ihis is my Tetterday the8p«uard» werehuntiiura andto-d&yitis; very like that they will their pmmniB, leaving, periups, only one tutu, or perhaps not even that, to taks ohai of the schooner, for you see that she is moored very safely, aud with her bows pointing down the creek so as to be ready for a start. Now, look at ber rigging: see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsails can lie ae£ merely by letting go the brails, aad running aft the sheets ; for you observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefore the schooner is ready "for sea. Now I know, in a general manner, the direction of the cove below. It runs for a little way parallel to the ooast and then turns to the right, and so opens up into fclic sea. What is there to prevent us baardiog the scEooner when she is left almost, if not unite, undefended, and so carrying her awav f" They all applauded this design, and the more we talked of it the batter it seemed to be. The echooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as T.-elx as easy to manage. Besides, the greater leDgth of the oove rumniog west sea rd, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when we had passed the elbow, ani came to get the sMp out ia face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands ,gaily, and thanked our stars for such a dice of good lack. Asia many other adventures, the tint and most difficult duty which we had to perform was to 'wait, so we ensconced ourselves in thick bushes, where we could see without being- easily discerned, and watched -the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. The sun was above the horizon about half-anhour, when a man issued from the cabin, and tapped deck loudly with a handspike. At this summons the sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloodhounds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching themselves from their warm nests. The man who had wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for he went below, and presently the crew had their breakfast, which they ate on deck—a couple of bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this we observed with great delight a number of muskets and pistols brought on deck, at the sight of which the grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we called hini then, appeared again : and after a. long di^cour^e. carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round and handling the arms, the bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff—my skiff—hauled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore The captain tlien seemed to be giving orders to one of the crew, a stout fellow, who wore a great striped woallen cap and had a long unsheathed knife iu his girdle, and then the whole party, excepting tho fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat, the bloodhounds leaping in ;j!ong with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of the creek. The Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without, including a boy whom they had with them, and of course weighed down the skiff until her iruuwalc wis almost at the water's edge. We were tor a little time in some perturbation, lest they should chance to come our way. We heard them shouting, and laughing, ami crashing through the boughs, as they made their way up the steep banks of the creek, and then the boat came floating down again to the schooner, with the boy paddling her. Meantime. the man with the striped cap had disappeared iu a little cook-house or caboose, from the funnel of which a smoke began to rise: und the boy, having made fast the boat, went aft to the cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, wbinh- we -had seen carried thither, csnpty. as waAad^^^^j^^eoat -ooraade^ll^ fjbxons 'ieft in charge of the ship, but that one of these wit probably sick or -disabled. While we were making these observations, tlie reader mavbe sure that we also listensd attentively, in order to find out in what direction the hunting party had proceeded; and presently, hearing shouts and the report* of guns very faintly, ani gradually becoming more so, until they ware no longcrandible, we congratulated ourselves that the hunters were out of tho way. aud that so far, our task would lie easy. The next point was, how to get on board the schooner so suddenly and so quietly as to leave those in charge of her no opportunity of giving an alaiiu. I-*ir»t we thought of 6wimming, but the Pieard was not skilful at this exercise: and, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nicky proposed to swing our- selves aboard, by means of tae wa/ps, fixed to the trees; but, on close examination, we found the banks so precipitous, that it would be verv difficult to make oar way to the rope.--, without giving an' alarm. We were thus iu considerable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry 111 the very outset, when I observed a means whereby we might, although at some risk, accomplish our cad. I have said that the cove or creek was so narrow that the branches of the great trees, growing in the rifts of the rook on cither nide, met and interfaced, and from these branches hung perpendicularly, like great ropes, many long tendrils or withes, veiy tough and strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, depending from a stout branch, swung close by tlie fore-topmast head of the schooner, dangling indeed to the cross-trees. I pointed this out to my comrades, and they ail agretsl that it would be very .possible to clamber out upon the bough, and slide down the withe into the riirpum; but that the deck must be clear when we made the attempt, otherwise we could not fail of beinjr discovered. It was fortunate, therefore, that the man with the striped cap continued iu the cook-house where we heard him clattering amongst pots and pans, and concluded that he was preparing a meal for the men ashore. But, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinner, oiie never .knows who may eat it. The boy remained about the deck for some time, bat at length went into the cabin, and, staying there, we concluded to make the venture. Fastening. our z'gnns across our shoulders, we again', shook hanils, 1 , aad ' vowed" to standby each other to death. -Then we crept cautiously alo&g;, until we came to the tree from which sprang the great branch, whi(& we looked to be the first stage of oar journey to the schooner's deck. This tree grew about a fathom beneath the edge of the rock, but it was easy to swinjr ourselves down to it, by the matted. vegetation, which clung to the face of the stone. Then, one after another, we crawled out npon the bough, which shook a little, but bore us bravely. The schooner was now right below, aud not a, living thing stirring on her decks. I WAS the first man, and Nicky was at my heels. Xne TmHan next, and the Frenchman brought up the rear. All of us white- being sailors, (he feat was not diSeult; and as fur the Mosquito man, he could climb like a cat. Having satisfied myself that the withe -«ras well attached to the bough, I first twined my "legs round the former, and tlien grasping it, slid easily down, until my feet feet touched the crasstrees of the Spanish scboonig^and ill a moment my comrades were elastering around me, no alarm being as yet excited. ^ After pausing a moment to get a firm grin . of the sfays. I gave the word, aad the whole four slid like lightning down the ropes, hand over haad, sailors nay, aad came with a great botlnce upon deck togtther. . The Pieard instantly leaped to the cook-house, and the Spaniard coming out at the same -moment, the Frenchman dealt him a bl'tw with the butt-end Of heavy pistol, which .flung hlm backwards, quite stunned, upon the deck, -wfrita Nieliy md I an tt the cabin, maeSany, at the thre&old; the boy, and a comely woman, veiy daric. and with the blackest ajfteTElfaW* saw, who directly set up a great But * KkAy MUL t, pointing-" to the cabin,' and drawing forth pUtolii, made them nndrrrtnnd mfc tbey must go below, and be mlent, as they valued their lives. The •boy slunk back directly, sod the woman famed to * livid J pateiM3M, and, swooning amy, would have fallen doiro. the ladder, ge but we supported her and laid her on the csliin floor; tl:ec, directly nmrtin? on deck, we shut down the hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment; aad, «eing Pickard and Blue Peter cutting the warps forward, we drew our knives, aud working- with xood will, sotiri severed the tough piles of hemp, aft. anil Hie schooner was unmoored. We waited a moment vrith great impatience to see if the wo.iii drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up the jib, awl slackened the brails of the mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, to exp'jse a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the ssa ^ breeze had not yc-t set in, if it had it did not reach us in the depth of the creek. We therefore Snsg long line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and" Blue Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for the elbow at whieh the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Le Pieard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth and breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling npon the deck, I felt a breath of cool air ou my face, the jib-6-lieet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and, fag* moment the mitrntnil moved ont of werehaulSg^slackEned. The'sdhoaaer felt the puff, aid I ran aft and took the helm, steering her in cioee by the starboard share, which, when we turned seawards, would be the weather side of the cove. The trees and rocks seemed to glide away from us. I looked over the nixie, and saw the bubbles rippling in the transparent water; aad as I lifted my head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began to meet the lazy swelL The elbow, or turn of the creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades aU ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, aad shouted that we might graze the rocks. Therefore I ported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, end just as we slowly opened the corner I pat the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swunsr round, and we all uttered a shout t<T gether as we saw, at the end of a short rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we were not oat yet: almott immediately on rounding tlie point of the creek a gust of the sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on the leenrard side. The Frenchman exclaimed that we must take to the beats after all, but Nicky answered him, " Ye*—but onlf to carry a warp to the rocks at the mouth of tlie creek !"* No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here the surf was besting violently, coming with great lashing surges round he corner of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more than a fathom with every uninlation of the sea. Here a jagged pinnacle of rock beaten by the waves, which every now and then bur.-; riirlit above it: over this the Indian wif.U dexterity cast a loose hitch of the line, whilo we on Wird. mailing to the schoontr's liows. hauled upon it as before. It was luuky for us that tlie seabreeze only blaw up the ravine in uncertain puffs, and that tlie place was fall of "counter- currents and eddies of air, which first filled our sails one way and tlien another, as we heaved and relied upon the broken swells which dashed from side to side of the channel. We worked at tlie warp like desperate men, as, indeed, we were. Every now and then a sudden toss of the water would ^ fiinsr iu back ; but then the coaster Wfi^ found that ife way towards the mouth of the cove, keepingso close to the vntefll*' that every now and then the masts, when flung over to starboard, rattled amoug the bodies overhead, aud sent down showers of leaves, which would fly in uncertain whirls and dives amongst the rigging. At last, the decisive moment caine. In a miuute we would be hove upm: the leeward entrance of the cove, or be out olreir at sea. I ran airain to t-ike the helm, lit Pieard and the Indian, running to the weather fore-chains, gave a last suiire upon the line by way of a launch. Th-* schooner's head plunged into th? trowrli of the sea, not a fathom from the rosks. and a* she rose—her bows drew beyond the shelter of the cove—the fall blast of the sea breeze caiudit her jib—and her head swung again to leeward. " Help her with the foresail, comrade P I shouted. They had anticipated me—the Indian letting go the brail*, and then helpiusr the whites to draw aft the sheet. Tae sail surged ana flapped so as to shake tlie schooner to her very kee!. and the great sheet - block jerkuil madly t > and fro with boascU which would iisire dashed through :i strong wail. B::" still. though tliey could yet master the c»:iva«, the schooner wns not insensible to its lifting power, and I felt her, as she rose with her broadside tr> a great clear sea. gather way, and start as it were from under me. There was just a moment of terrible suspense. The mists bent to leeward until their trucks were within a couple of fathoms of the lee promontory. You could almost leap on the great ruugh mass^ of wet t-tone whir:h lay close a-beam, and then iu a moment the schooner ro-e to another sea, all three Sails now bellying to the wind, and once more hove clear of the land, although I saw throngh the clear water a glimpse of reef under our counter, which the keel must have scraped, and although the head of the mainmast actually tore away the projecting branch of a great prickly bash which was waving aud dancing iu the wiud. We were drawing our first deep breath after' our peril when I heard a great shout above ms, and. starting roruid. I saw between me and the skv the figure of a man stauiinz with a gun npon the very verjre of th* prteipi'* which formed the line of coast. He directly fired his piece, and set up a loud outcry to his' comrades, three or four of whoia directly joinedJiim, and tired a volley 9£,t|s, which did no damage. So we ftimped ap on the taffrail rail, and waving our liatfe pave them a load cheer, and told th«m'£hat if they -wanted thfir schooner, they might swim after us, nd then we would consider the matter. Th?y made violent gestures, bat the sea breeze blowing so freshly, carried back their voices, and we knewnot -shat they «ud. Carrying on as we best could with our ill-set sails, until we had made a {rood half mile ofiiagv we luffed the schooner up into the wind, and with rome trouble, srot the canvas properly extended; then putting the helm hard down, we got the jib- sheet to windward, aud so lay to, dancing, and surging merrily upon the sea. VT(> BS COJ.-TISITOL.L 