BY UNCLE'S ADVENTURE. ? AWAESISGTO AsnnciBZisEixKCfflias. Mr ode bad a large nose, whidi. vras ,<Am tte tuywhi of iuemaitjote expfeoB& He was adfeo a man of antiquarian wi»± b£ was £§E£iiaded a^b®6TC«re<i fiBEfint origin Sid of pBneS&s; TaJn^aWIfl {bese " curiosities * he filledhis boose, 2531 fcc the uriwiyaiw*ftf my arfirf.ntid thfiamuse fjttmt of Ms less credulous friends- But be was saddpnTyawakpufd fromthese absurdities in a noans so remarkable that be •robed my aid in repradiidng a sioiy often tcid by himself at his own fireside. It was a Eul try afternoon in tbg month of September, wfara my ms35 beat hSsstras across tb^ common and through the meadows to not i neighbouring farmer fripnA On the occasion of this visit, and just as he was leaving, after having partaken of the usual hospitalities of the place, be espied ia-A-eoaier of the farmyard zn old iron pot, nearly spherical in shape, which had formerly stood on three legs, bat cotud no*- only boast of twoc Owing to its tmtaifjp condition it bad long once been disused, and bad been, consigned to its resting-place an the principle that for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection of its exterior revealed tbe figure 16, followed by something which could not readily be deczpbaed; and instead of concluding that these marks probably representedTmtWng mOEtban the are of the article in question, tbe great antiquary rashly candnded that tbe 16 with tbe obliterated marks xepreeented aotMng ehort of tbe date of its manufacture. A pot whose early existence coold^iot*b^ petaltied'tc^remsln in sddi a place. Accordingly my ancle detmnined to transfer it to Stanley Court, there to keep taaiijMiiy with tbe nrBny relicsof days Bnt^lis harden proved more inconvenient he anticipated. After faring his ingesnity to tbe ctraost to discover a means of carrying It with a maximum amount of ease.it fmaHy occurred to him that, inverted, it might test on his head. Accordingly, it was so placed, and my ancle proceeded with tbe queaest helmet that ever pressed the brow of a human being. His path lay along tbe fawfc df a small rirer, ami so down to tbe ™n Ilere, it may be msttioned in parenthesis, livfed an'old sweetheart, who, out of patience, I suppose, in waiting for tbe questHta from my nnde, had accepted bis rival, tbe miller, frilly twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed tor tbe purpose of diva-ting the wata to the mill, and tfcns a pond was formed at least five feet deep The water often flowedover the dam, forming a beautiful cascade from ax to eight feet In height; and when tbe water was low, people frequently passed over tbe wooden pisiform of thie dam to save the walk to the bridge, which stood more than a hundred yards below tbe mill. But, doubtless, my nude had another reason for selecting this wutei a reason which recaved additional face from the strange appearance which he now presented. As maybe readily supposed, the action of the water had rendeted the platform very . smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my uncle -proceeded, but whether from the effect of tbe aforesaid hoadtalities «r firomthe weight of the pot on bis bead, he became unsteady in his gait, and snddenhf dipped. A fall of "eight feet to the bed of the river was no joke; besides, such a fall could only end in tbe destruction of the pot Sow, divided attention is always to be avoided, where tbe possible issues are serious, ss tinder even ordinary oreumstances- a slip in such a place was no trifling matter; but with tbe object of Ms solicitude firmly fixed on bis bead, what wonder that bis safety was doubly jeopardised? Be that as it may, the fact remains that be stumbled upon tbe dippay platform, and the pot dipping over kits note enveloped bis entire head! Practically blind, he was now less capable than ever of recovering bis footing; and his attempts to do eo ended in my worthy relative tumbling head first into tbe mill pond- Thus was he brought literally face to face with an ignominious death, no better than that of the vilest enr which leaves the world with a stone tied to Its neck. But the darkest hour is not unfrequentiy the hour of deliverance. It proved eo here. The attention of Joe, t£e millers man, had been attracted to my uncle before he leaded tbe dam, by the strange bead-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gait, tbe elip, tlie fall, the plunge, were all observed; and having readied tbe pond as qmckly as possible, Joe succeeded, after considerable difficulty, in extricating my uncle fromhis perilous position. Whenever the old gentleman related tbe story to bis friends he moralised here 011 the vanity of human wishes. "Tes.nephy,* he would say, taming to me, "that was the crisis in my history, not merely as regards tbe unexpected extenam of my existence, bnt more particularly with reference to the follv which was tbe outcome of tbe which had seized me. 1 never felt bow useless my life had been tQl death stared me in the nnripr such ignominious surroundings. My punishment appeared to me as complete as it was desoved! Drowning seemed only the secondary cause of my death, the real cause being tbe ruling passion which had prompted me to possess tbe pot. The idea of dying with my head in such a position, humiliating though it was, bore no comparison to my thoughts as I felt the air rise in bubbles from the pot in solemn mockery of my life, and thought bow, in breaking upon -the surface, they wrote my epitaph, 'Emptiness.'" Having rescuedmy uncle, Joe carried bim to the house of the rmller, where he removed the wet the blankets, and "applied those for his restoration generally resorted to in cases of suspended animation. It was fortunate that Joe was familiar with the treatment, as be was tbe only person on tbe premises, and the nearest boose was fully half a mile distant. He persevered in bis eSorte and ere long was rewarded by returning consciousness. But the pot, the terrible pot, still canopied 117 ancle's head in spite of every endeavonr to remove it. "The nose was the causeyou seer the old gentleman wonld say, playfully tapping that protuberant organ with bis finger, "and appeared to be little short of a bolt, which rffofip^ the removal of that ungraceful head gear." Kow, of all places, tbe mill was perhaps tbe last which my uncle wonld have cared to visit under tlie circumstances. He could not endure the thought that tbe miller's wife, his oM sweetheart, should witness euch a spectacle, and was really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even sow be restingon his misfortnne. The old pot fpfnn^ that assurance to bim which bis eyes would have supplied, and so be bad to rest content with the repealed avowal of bis benefactor Joe:—"Heep Yermindaisy; the nrnisfrT and his wife and the whole lot of 'em be gone to the fair. But don't, ye be afeard on the miFsns She be mighty kind and 'nd help ye heaps if she was here. And now ye be safe and a-comin' rotmd a hit I can't help a-langhin' just a little lot. I reed ye go in headvnnnost, right down lite, and yer legs a-kickin' np zummat like the ducks when they go a-divin' after what 'em can catch in toe pond. Hw there's that there pot about yer head. La! I never zeed such a nightcap in all my bom days. Don't think Pm a-mahin' frm en ve, but I've a-tzied to gefn off, and 'er won't come, leastways without a piece o' yer nose, and I reckon you don't want to spare a slice o' that" Wlth these and such like speeches Joe enlivened bis patient, introducing parenthetically such hearty bursts of '""gtitfT that my uncle speedily recovered himself, but bis inCTEasing strength only bis desire to get dear away before tbe fm|)» and bis wife Asa first step in this direction he emerged from tbe blankets in which, barring his head, be had been enveloped, and with the assistance of Joe as his valet, he dressed in thegnrmente which that worthy supplied. There was nothing remarkable about these, with tbe nessf-whiiJi extended to mj^unSe's feet, and played a not unimportant part in the rim here arose a difficulty. Joe being left in phatEe of tbe premises «ouUL not leave.nntil..bia master6 return. Every argument iwbich hisingemdty snpplied to detain bis patient, and every pro test against my uncle's injustice in believing tlie millers wife capable of aught but sympathy, Cell upon my uncle's ears " like water on a a lick's in a position vrfiich enabled but to see bis lea, and consequently the path- fnt$qr lot along which be bad to tnCvel, besides being able to raise the. plaguy .appsratos tsnm- aeaOy to enable lrini to breathe; end seeing that Joe could not accompany bim as a guide and protector, he debammed to make tbp gHatntA to reach the village alone. " - Mhmillj fmiiac hctM, as far 35 ie, the jpoHic gaze, all thought of •rt-mjT the hmjftcjw 1 was abandoned, Jtougii be need Teat bate, been tmder such apprehension, who amongst tbe many i •returning ticm tbe fair woold be likely to recognise in that gtisilgE figure Fenner - Bkwmfield of Stanley Court? Iriflptvl bjc directum to this routemight have been ovscome but Cor bis dread of meeting the nalla- and bis wife, who, so be thmwfct, might possibly recognise thegaib which enveloped him^ and would naturally feel unpleasantly iiKjnisitive about the individual within it. Vet a walk of three miles through meadows across a common after" seven o'clock rti a September evening,under such **»» **n well mgh as possible fore, blind man. Anything, however, appeared preferable to tbe disclosure he eo much dresded, and so, i m-4injr to bis rixcnmscribed viaon, be departed with elow&nd.; steady stepsataag tbe old T»mfHyr- path, detenninell, by a happy thought, to make his way to tbe village blacksmith, whose ingenuity be bad no doubt would speedily remove the en- The keenest foresghtis, however, enable to anticipate tbe wbicb may befall us. For some time all went well, end tbe antiquary's progress, thongh slow, was sore. But-what with tbe sultriness ^? tbe ^pnpii^riy^ffc^iin indfelhft pot, and the weight of that at other times useful article, my fTiwl** was compeSed to sink to the ground in a faint, just as lie bad reacbed a shallow broot, over which he had to pass; and there be lay until caascaoostipss returned. How long be bad been in this poation he did not know, bcl be soon became painfully aware of the fact that tbe shades of mght bad closed around him. Kor was his anxiety diminished as a thun- der-storm burst over his head. Heavy douds overhead the sky, and deepened the darkness ; so that when my uncle rose to bis feet, be found the path completely bidden from bis view. In so helpless a condition,-what wonder that he wandered from tbe familiar track! To add to bis discomfort* rain came down in ta&pnty; whilst tbe lightning, flashing nrrwmd bim, filledMm with a new terror. Still he continued to trudge his weary way ; aid at length, to bis intense rieligfat, he hard tbe faint bat welcome sounds which cams from tbe anvil of tbe -village IJ.'^i^TnHii Sweeter miici/. be W never beard. He listened intraitiy to the sound as It was wafted across the gloomy common, and with his ears as a pilot, walked on, cheeked by tbe fs£t that every step brought bim nearer to tbe man who'would remove the load from his head—and heart. He bad not proceeded far in tbe direction of tbe smithy, when he became aware of the approach of a man, end in the snatches of song which f-p-n upon the darkness, be recognised a familiar voice. It was the village schoolma^er, who, bang fully occupied by day m keeping other peoples spirits down, resolved that his evenings aionld be spent in keeping bis own spirits np, which he succeeded tolerably we3 in doing at tbe clnh which met nigh tly at the village inn. A load of anxiety fell from my uncle's heart as the echoolmasterapproached him. But, alas! the relief was only momentary. Whether ftp darkness Md my ancle from his sight, or whether he was so occupied with bis thoughts as to be unconscious of such a persons presence, we need not stop to inquire. A -vivid flashof lightning for an instant lit np tbe scene whai they were but a few^ yards apart, revealing my uncle shrouded in garments of snowy whiteness. Tbe song suddenly ceased; a shriek rent the air^ and the tremulous voice of my belated relative, intended to remove the , schoolmaster's fear, served only to quicken bis flightacross die common to the village iim, winch be had left only balf an hour before. With a face Ghastly pale, with drops of p&rpiratian; like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, be threw himself into a chair, perfectly overcome and speechless. In the hands of the landlady he recoveredin a few Tninntpfi sufficiently toexplain tbe cause of liis tecmr. He had witnessed that night, he said, such a sight as never before met his eyes. In passing the spot on the common where, in tbe remembrance of most of bis bearers, a murdered man bad been fonnd.— a epot he confessed he never passed at jiiglit without nervous excitement—just as he had commenced the loneliness a song, of big by situation, way of diminishin a bring stood before Mm ' It was dad in white, but bad a bead as blade as night, from the top of which projected two short horns. It was impossible to be mistaken. A of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an inrfamt to dance around the bead of the S»*»Tnf spectre. Besides this a voice, sepulchral in its tones, plainly called Mm name. Surely tbe evidence cf two of bis senses could not be rejected. ^ His associates at the inn gave a ready ear to tbe statement, and after partaking" of some Dutch courage, at the earnest request of tbe schoolmaster, they consented to accompany him across the common to hie home. Amongst them was Joe, who, on the return of tbe miller, bad walked to Stanley Court by tbe road, professedly to bring my unde's clothes, but in reality from a feeling of anxiety about his safety. Finding he had not returned Joe started off in search of the wanderer, and on bis way. stepped into tbe village inn just in time to hear the schoolmasters account of tbe ghost on tbe common. He might easily have removed the schoolmaster's fears, but being of a frolicsome turn, and wishing to test tbe courage of bis bodyguard, be remained silent and followed them unobserved when they left tbe Meanwhile the ringing sounds from the anvil had guided the exhausted wanderer, and before the party from the inn had proceeded far the supposed ghost was encountered. Dutch courage proved unequal to the shock, and Joe had the satisfaction of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs could carry them, each one doubtless as much overcome as bad been tbe schoolmaster when he sank speechless into a chair but a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, however, was soon at my uncle's side, and under bis guidance tbesmithy was readied. A consultation now took - place as to the best TTI«ITIC of effecting a release; and nothing appeared so practicable as to place the pot on the annl and with -a sharp blow from a hammer to shatter it into fragments. A hazardous proceeding. but desperate ills require desperate remedies. It was therefore not without forebodings of evil that my uncle, supported by Joe, placed the pot as directed. Down came tbe blow; and my uncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. The kindhearted and failbful Joe lived long In my uncle's service as {aim Iwil^ and never wanted a friend as long as the old gentleman lived; and, in repeating these extraordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assure them that M he sever zeed a nut afore, nor rich a kemeL' 