YACHTING. SAILING NOTES. By Spinnaker. There appears to bo every likelihood of the conference to be held in Melbourne during Cup week being a success. Tho mcctiug has been fixed for the 5th of November, in view of the fact that so many intercolonial visitors gravitate hither during tho racing carnival Invitations have been sent by tho Royal Yacht Club of Vic toria to all the leading yacht clubs of Australasia, and no doubt there will bo a first rate muster. The most important subject that could engage tlieir attention is the establishment of inter colonial contosts. The difficulty to bo mot is, of course, that of expense, but surely first class yacht owners might be brought to reeogniso that it is not to their credit to keep vessels merely for cruising purposes. If they have any real love for sport, they must see that races between the cracks of thevariouscolouios would cause yachtiug to come into general prominence, and in tho cud bo to their advantage. Local races only attract a very limited amount of attention from outsiders, whereas if the credit of a colony were, in a manner of Bpoaking, bound up in some particular vessel, it would bring sailing under tho notice of possible patrons, whose sympathies would be engaged, followed by trophies for the bettor dovelopement of the sport. The America Cup had a wonderful influence upon yachting in Eng land, the United States and in Cnnnda. It first brought tlio excellence of the con trcboarder into prominence, and the spirit of rivalry that was given birth by international competition materi ally benefited tho yachtsmen of all three coun tries, and consequently the whole sailing world. No intercolonial race on a largo scalo has taken place since tho Centennial Regatta in Port Phillip. Every other branch of sport effects an interchange of new ideas by coming in contact with fellow athletes that have been working on different lines in other localities. The claims of the present schcino should bo manifest to nil, and it is hoped that tlio project will assume a practical shape. Another subject it is proposed to discuss at about the same time is that of co« operation lor tho purpose of holding annual regattas, not only at- Hobson's Bay, at Geelong, Queenscliff, Schnnpper Point and Mordinllac, but also at Portland, "Western Port and elsewhere. The magnates of tho various seaport towns in Victoria liavo bcon written to, and the fruits of this correspondence will soon be apparent, auditing has been languishing for years past, owing to the want of organisation and tho lack of regattas. It is high time that a movo was made in tho direction indicated, and it depends to a great extent upon yachtsmen thcmsolves whether it is successful. Tho annual meeting of tho Hobson's Bay Yacht Club was hold on the 1st inst., Commodore Press presiding, and 80 members being prosent. Tho report showed thoro were 206 financial members. The club house had bcon completed since the last annual meeting and a substantial slopewny and jetty erected, costing altogether about £450. Tho club liability had been reduced to £290, showing a successful season financially. Tho club won every open raco at Brighton, St. Kilda anu tho Mornington regatta. The club racoa hau also been well contested. Tlio steamer Acis had been engaged for members during the yoar to view tho club racing, and had been largely patronised. Several valuable trophies were promised for tho coming sonson. Thrcoor four new bonts nro ready for launching, which will bring the club register to closo upon 30. The following office bearers woro appointed for tho ensuing 12 months : — Conimodoro, Captain Press (re-elected) ; vice-commodore, Mr. T. L. larker; rear commodore, Mr. John Clark; captain, Mr. AV. M'Lean (re-elected) ; secretary, Mr. Thomas Burnet (re-elected) ; assistant secre- tary, Mr. "W. Leonard ; treasurer, Mr. J. A. Davios (re-elected) ; committee, Captain Thrus- sell, Messrs. E. E. Press, J. Fowler, sen., J. Fowler, jun., A. Gag&n;, T. P. Davies, and J. F. Jaraieson ; delegates to Yacht Racing Association, Messrs. £. E. Press and T. Bur net. Tho St. Kilda Club lately held a very success ful Bpcial, at which it was announced that trophies had been promised for the coming season by Mr. Turner, M.L.A., and Messrs. M'Pherson, Guthrie, Rogors, AVimpole, Mooro, Thomas and Telfer. The first yachting evont in the Bay is likely to bo the regatta projected by tho Hobson's Bay Yacht Club for tho 25th inst., in conjunction with the local rowing club. Preparations aro being made to make the occasion as interesting as possible. A new club has been established in Sydney, under tho title of the East Sydney Amateur Sailing Club. It ha9 been formed specially for boats, private or hired, hailing from AVoolloo- mooloo and Elizabeth Bays, and promisos fiom the interest already shown in its inaugaration, to be ono of the leading sailing clubs of tho harbor. The season was opened on Saturday last. The club's fleet consists of the follow ing : — Maseilia, Isadore, Lottie, Scylla, Elsie, Endora, Margerita, Intrepid and Idotbes. Several prominent gentlemen have promised their hearty support, and, if carofully managed, tho E.S.A.S. Club should prove a success. The Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club celebrated the opening of its second season on Saturday by a series of evolutions in tho bay from which it takes its name. The boatsraen came to an anchorage off Frenchman's Beach, and some refreshments wero indulged in. The season promises to be very successful. The commodore, Mr. A. L. Johnston, had his flag hoisted for the day on Mr. Ray's Asteroid, and among other boats present were Mr. Spain's Happy Thought, Mr. Roxburgh's AVanganella, Mr. F. L. Johnston's Ethel, Ycarna, Millewa and Xanthe. The Poit Jackson Sailing Club opened its season on Saturday by an evolutionary display, under the direction of its commodore, Mr. G. Hcllings, from Our Tom. The wind somowlmt interfored with the manoeuvres of the fleet, being at times very squally. Out of a fleet of 18 boats 11 put in au appearance, 2 others having carried away some of their gear — Scylla having lost her rudder, and Lottie's rigging hnving started. The divisions were as follows : — Starboard : Our Tom (commodore), Mantura, Our May, Regina, Massilia, Isidoro and Ivema. Port : Idothea (vice- commodore), Craigielee, The Ghost and Imogeue. 