[?] Paint Heart Soever "Won Fair Lady. . "A hat of last year's fashioh! " " But hor eyes wero like grey stars," "And her manner dreadfully quick and deoided." ' : ' " Bright and sparkling, 1 should call it. ' ' "My dear Riofiurd, you are really absurd ! . Tho girl is a hospital: nurse, and - what woman wi'li any refinement ordelioaey would take up such a profession as that ? It shows she caut be nice." : > "LadieB do suoh things now a days" — less defiantly. ' !" How yon know you're only eaying so be came she's pretty. Of course ladies do queer : things nowadays but that doesn't, excuse any unwomanly feeling. Besides, she's only a solibi'or's daughter. I shan't ash mamma to :.oalli" " But don't you think common oivility " "No, I don't. She's only staying nt the rectory, and we're not foroed to oall on every one's friends. Besides Captain Hardtvioko is ; expected homo, and it would make it awkward. ' W hat' would one of Lord Belmoht'B people say, if we asked them to moet a girl like Miss Travers ?" "All the same, Bho's as pretty and ladylike as anyone I ever mot in thedo parts." " Very likely, but she's not in our Bet. Now, Riohard, if you say any more, I shall begin to think you're falling in love with her, if the idea is not too absnrd." Bnt Richard had olosed tho drawing-room upon his sisters' languid voices, and was half way aorot' a the wide lawn with its brilliant parterreB of summer fiowera. Poor Richard Atlerdyce, only buu of the richest banker in Chellowdoan, people of good family, but with just that uncertainty of sooial position wbioh made them afraid of overstepping any boundaries, rather gratified at being on inti- mnto terms with Lord Belmont and tho Hard- wickes, he wss of divided mind this summer afternoon. Ha had been greatly taken by that S't eet face and slight figure in the rectory paw last Sunday, was sensible of a thrill of more than civil interest when he met their owner, walking home with the good old reotor after service, and was introduced to " Miss Trevors, " while the eyes " liko grey stare" were suddenly raised to his, and he had ever dince spent a larger portion of his tiiuo than was strictly needful in walking past the rector's rose- covered garden gate. Bat, on the other Bide, liis tisters' words had certainly struok home. Bronght up, as all the AUerdyoes were, like hothouse plants, sheltered from every breath of frosty air, it was not strange that Richard at five-and- twenty, though a big burly enough young Englishman to look at, was but little of a man in mind and heart. Knowledge of the world had been oarefully kept from him, as from his sisters, lest they Bhould learn evil ; hat their very ignorance had C03t them the loss of power to choose between evil and good, and had given them weak prejudices and ooncettod opinionativeness, instead of a mind able to discern and prefer the right. Richard's handsome face was overcast, as he swung ont of the lodge gates and down the road. Mis s Travers a hospital nurse! certainly it was a shook. Not only did it seem to him unwomanly for a woman to work at all, but infinitely more so to do menial work. And then the awful thought of what his mothor and sisters would tay, wore they asked to receive a hospital nurse as his future wife ! For it had gone as far as that in Richard's susceptible mind, even in tbese three short days. All at' once his thoughts broke off as Miss Travora herself, sweet and bright as over, in her block drese, oame ont from the rectory gate, the great rectory mastiff pacing behind her. Now Richard's own collie was at his master's heels, and there was a border fend of long standing between these two faithful fol lowers. There was one angry growl, a heavy rush, a thud, and then a brown body and a black rolled together in the dust in a manner . suggestive of a dog's funeral'on one side or the other. Richard, who was actually staggered by the suddenness of it all, could not far a moment regain his senses ; and whon he did, ' it was to find Miss Trevors, both white hands looked in the hair ot Rollo's shaggy neok, pulling him from his fos with all her strength, and calling to " Mr. AUerdyoe " to "take hold ' of his dog and null him off." ' She was being whirled round in the olond of dust by the frantic waltzera, before Richard ooinld quite settle where to !' take hold," bnt that task waB performed for him by him by a gen tleman in tweed knickerbookera, who started out of the White Hart, a few yards away, and ran to the rescue. Between Miss Travers and himself the combatants were separated, each carrying, away a few fragments of eaoh other's , person ; and Miss Travers, flashed, panting, covered with dnst, bnt looking lovelier than Richard had ever seen woman look before, sank baok against the reotory wall and'tried to laugh. Tho stranger lifted his \- hat; looking straight at her with a pair of pieroing brown eyos. "Exonse me, Miss Travers!" he said, in rather an offhand manner. " but that was about 8B rash a thing as anyone oould possibly do. The dogs might both have turned on you and bitten yon badly.'.'. , ''Thank you, Captain Hardwioke, I had not the least fear," was her only response, given with a little haughtiness ; and the gentleman, with a_ nod to Riohard, turned and strode away as rapidly as he had oome. "Miss Travers! are yon hart P" Riohard was . able "fo articulate at last. " Ton never should have done a thing like that; Hardwioke was right ; : it was awf idly rash ! By the way, yon . know Hardwioke P" . "No,iI'm not hurt a hit." The wonderfol grey eyes-were dancing .with fun now. V Don't aoold me, please ; I know it was a silly thing to do, bnt I don't stop to think.. Bray don't look so bonified !" ,, "But if yon had been bitten!" "Welfcl wasn't." And her faoe dimpled with a friendly smile-at his shocked look. " Bat yon know Hardwioke P" he persisted, nnah:e to get over his surprise in that quarter. " Ob, yes." . Her faoe . grew qold instantly.' " Captain Hardwioko was in the hospital with . an accident some months ago — my hospital. I had oharge of him there, that's ail." Ana she - palled a rose so sharply from the hedge that it fell to pieoeB in her hands. "look there ! ' she laughed, showering the petals on the ground before her ; " let ns cover over the battlefield with flowers," and she laughed again. Riohard went_ homo more thoughtful than ever. Barely this woman was, a novel thing in ' hisexperienoe of menand manners. She aoted with the skill and daring of a man ; and j et ho would rather hot think what his sisters . faces would he, like,.had .they but seen it ; Was it aotnally ladylike, or should she not rather have ' fled from the scene of coufliot, or. evon have soreamtd and fainted 1 To be sore, she had looked aa beautiful as an. avenging Amazon; but was it quite .oorrect condnot. for a girl? And Captain Hardwioke's manner, so abrupt and dictatorial ; ho seemed to show her the difference in sooial position between a noble man's nephew and a hospital narse. It mast have been'an awkward meeting, ub his sisters had said. And then a oold shiver onmo over him, ashe thought of Miss Travora introduoed aa Mrs,. Richard Allerdyce at Belmont Castle, and Captain Hardwioke's stony stare of sur prise. And yet — and yet— she was so baauti- fhl. Nearly three_ weeks had passed since the dog episode, and Riohard'e courage still wavered in the batanoe. He had grown to know Miss Travers weU (ri those three weeks, and to know her well was i to lovb her better. There was , never a woman , so. sweat, so olever, so sym pathetic, so beautiful— ho was certain of that — no wohuin ho more ardently longed to have for his own; and yot— and yet! . That terrible strength of oharaotor, that profession, that laok of pedigree. Only last night in the moonlit rectory garden, ho had almost fiang all prndenoe to .the winds, she had been so dangerously, fatally sweet (she was always especially kind to him), bnt he reeled baok from the gulf just in time, when she mentioned oasnally without a ohsnge of voice or oonntonanoe, that she had an nnolo who wa> a ohemist at Roohroter. "A chemist 1 Shades of my onoestors, protect mo!" Richard recoiled again as he thought of it, and far oled Hardwioke's look if he oonid have heard hor. For Captain Hardwioke was still at tho White Hart, 'and perhaps his pre- senoe, and: the atmosphere of exalted sooiety about him, had. been one of' Riohardq restraining though unconscious influences. Now, as he slowly workod his way np the steepest hill in the neighbourhood, on hie new trioyole, he was pondering the old question in his .mind. Could, he take the fatal plunge, or was it too oostly ? A -trim graceful figure on the road before him, as at Last he gained the summit,, drove all elso to the four winds ; and in an instant he had overtaken the object of his cogitations, and sprung to the ground beside her. "Mr. Allerdyce !" she said, tnroing with her own bright look to shake hands; "how like a ghost yon stolo upon me ! Oh, I see, it was on a trioyole, ana what a beauty ! Do let me lcok at it." And Riohard, nothing loth, began to di-playhiB new toy — a perfect thing in build and finish— tho Allerdyoes' possessions always were the moBt perfect or their kind. He began to explain it to her, forgetting all about the ohemist uncle, hut ehe interrupted him. "Tee, I know all abont them, thanks. I see, it is a regular hit of perfection. , I should bo like to try it ; may I ?" Once moto Richard was dumb with surprise. A lady on a trioyole waa as yet an unheard-of thing in TUBtio Chellowdoan, and it seemed an outrsgoous idea to him. " I really don't think you oould," he fal tered. " My sisters never have done enoh a thing." " Your sisters ? Ob, perhaps not," with a little smile at the idea. " But I am quite used to trioycles, I ride one whenever I oan got a chanee." Further blow for Richard ; bnt there was no knowing how lo refuse her, and he stood aside. She took her place liko one who was thoroughly used to trioycles, and he oonld not but admit she adorned the position. " What a delicious .hill to run down !" she said with a happy little laugh, as she placed her dainty feet on the treadles. " I really must try it." "Pray, pray don't attempt it!" was Richard's horrified remonstrance, for the hill stretched down even more abruptly than on the side he bad ascended, and near the bottom there was a sharp tnrn, with the railway lino running just below — tho nastiest hit of road for miles around. Perhaps even Agatha Travers would have hesitated to hazard it, had it not been for the consternation in Richard's face. " Mr. Allerdyce, yon are faint- hearted," she said gaily, as she started on her downward oonrse — a little more rapidly than she had at first intended, but Richard's new trioyole ran smoothly. HiB heart was in his month, as tho country folk say, as she bogun to glide rapidly off. She tmned her head, and flashed baok a merry defiance. " My uncle, the ohemist at Rochester, used to say" Then the wioked sparkle faded suddenly, and she called quick and clear, " Cm yon stop me, please? The brake is stiff. I can't make it work ; it's run ning away." Poor Richard of the faint heart ! it soemed to die within him. The next second he had darted forward, but it was jnst one second too late. The cheek she had been able to pat on the heavy machine with the treadles coased to keep it baok, and faster and faster it tore down the perilons road. In all his life to come, Richard will never know any minute so long as that next, while the straight slight fignre flying through space seemed to swim before bis eyes, and hiB kaoss knocked together as he stood. Oo, on— faster, faster ! che managed somo- how to cling to tho steering handle, and keep tho machine in the middle of the road ; bnt tbo mad pace grew more desperate. She could never turn that fatal corner by the railway embankment; over it she must go. And it was just then that Richard and she both to gether saw the puff of snow-white smoke from the hillside that told them that the evening ex press was ont of tho tunnol, and thundering down that vary bit of line. ; It all flashed over Agatha in one rush, would the fall kill her, or would it be the train? it must be one or the other ; the next second- or two would settle that ; and a swift prayer was on her lips, but what she never quite knew,' for even as. sho' breathed it someone or something in brown tweed' kniokerbookers hurled i'self over the roaideide stile before her, a stout stiek darted into the flying wheel, and: with one quiok . swerve, the trioyole , crashed into the ditch, and lay there, a confused mass of spinning spokes and mutilated tires, while Agatha flew out ftoip its midst like a hall, and alighted on a grassy bank a yard or two awav : and the express rushed past with a wild yell on the line just below, and vanished round a Bharp,onrve that matched the the road above it. Then, and then alone, did RmtnrVslegs re gain their power of mo'"—. ..j. he setoff as fast as they could can .. . .. 10 where the little black figure lay. Somehow it took longer to run down that hill than the laBt descent would have led one to think ; for when Richard pant ing and breathless, reached the sceae of the accident, tho little black figure, very much out of its usual trim neatness, was seated on the grassy tangle that broke her fall, busily bind ing up with her own small handkerchief a deep gash in the hand of the kniokerbcckered person who knelt at her side. It was a very pale faoe that looked up at Riohard'e, with the BOrt of awe that any human creature ranst wear who has just been faoe to face with death, bnt her great grey eyes had a wonderful shining light in tbem. "The poor trioyole!" she said; "I am so sorry. Is it very badly hurt?" And, in the fervour of his relief and gladneBS, Riohard could find words for nothing but — " Bother the trioyole !" He was ready enough to say something, how ever, presently, when he found himself obliged to stop and see its remains deoently oared for, while. Captain Hardwioke took oharge of Miss Trayers's return' to the reotory. Sue said she was none the worse for her foil, bnt perhaps sho was a little shaken ; bnt Captain Hardwioke kindly offered her his arm,' and she took it. Riohard harried after them before Ioog, his whole heart aglow- That awfql minute this afternoon had taught him that life with out Agatha... Travers . would seem' a poor and worthless thing, were she a faotory-girl. He hiirried after them,' therefore, and-camo in sight of'the reotory gate, as two hands, one very neatly bandaged; uoolsspcdover it, and a small dark :head raised itself swiftly from a brown tweed shoulder, where it seemed to have been resting. "Good graoions!" was all Riohard oonld utter, as Agatha vanished, and Hardwioke, looking . odiously radiant, sauntered towards him. " Ah. Allerdyoe, old fellow, oanght ns, have you?: Then I may bb well tell you all my tremendous good look at once, and take your congratulations. Perhaps you've heard how Miss Travers's nursing saved my life last year) and when of oourse I fell in love with her— as who wouldn't?— Bho would have it, it wa9 only gratitude, and refused to let me make what Bhe oalled a mesalliance, just because there's that' hrnte of a title coming to me some day. I told her I thought all that rubbish was obsolete, and offered to drop the title altogether 'if she liked-; hnt nothing would do, and we parted rather ont of temper.1 I heard she was down here, and ran down to see my uuolo, -hoping ho would talk her over, bnt I beganito think it was no nse. And, do yon know,' I was frnntioally joalona of yon, old fellow 1 I saw she liked you, and I almost believe you oonld have out me out, early in the .day, if you'd had the pluck to try, ehe was so set against me But to-day has made it all right, and sho thinks I've saved her life this time, so we're quits. Well,' old man, am I not the luckiest man allvo ?" "But — but — stammered - the wretohed Riohard, " sorely, her family !" "She's an orphan. Oh, I see what yon mean ; she told me she had been shookiug yon with an' unole who's a'ohemist or a butcher or goodnosa knows what. Boh I ' I should think the mere faot "of being a hospital nana was a patent of nobility to any "woman. _ But it. my little girl were a beggar-maiden she would still be a real prinoo'ss. God bless hor !" And Riohard's groan may have been an as sent. — t tt.tah OiMSBKLl davidson in " Oas- sell's Magazine." ' . ', 