THE SCULL CHAMPIONSHIP. Kemp a Tip Topper.. Thursday was indeed a beautiful day for a.boat race. Shortly after'2, o'clock crowds gathered round Circular Quay, rapidly filling tho numerous steamers that were going up the river. Tlio mnpire's boat, at ' a sovereign a head, was crowded, the Admiral, which also followed the race, being crammed at half a sovereign. The journey up tiro .river was enlivened by a ' slight collision between tho Pheasant and another passenger boat crowded with visitors. One of the hooks anxiously in quired if thoro wore any sharks about tliero, when ho was promptly told, " Every . othor man he saw was a shark." Arrived at the start tho men were soon out,, being cheered by their friends. the race. A good start was effected, M'Lean, if anything, having the. best of it. Kemp spurted up to 44 and held his own, and gradually forged ahead1 as the boats shot Ulir's Point.- M'Lean, on tho southern ' shore, had about two lengths the best fo the positions through winning tho. toss. A moro desperate struggle across the bay to tho mile point has never been witnessed; kemp, rowing 36 strokes to tho minute, increased his. load to a long tli. M'Lean, however, pulled in grand style and would not bo shaken off. When the beacon was passed (Gmin 1G3CC, a won derful performance against the tide) Kemp steerod straight for the southern side of the river, while M'Lean rowed too far in the centre, having the stream dead against him. At this stage of tho race the river was crowded with pleasure, boats, making it' a difficult matter for the com petitors to row a clear course. Kemp rowed close in to the wharf af Cabarita and then on towards the Sydney Rowing Club's branch and close on to Oue Man Wharf, thence straight to the beacon at the brothers, By doing so he mado fvilly half a minute better time than had he rowed the same' course as his opponent. Whon the flag dropped at tho finish tho time for the full course wa,s 21min 4GJsec, tho fastest yet rowed against the tide as it was on Thurs- I day. Although defeated, ' M'Lean rowed a desperate race, and had lie been boated as woll as Kemp and kept further out of the tide, ho would liavo been much closer to tho winnor. to-mnUf thQ Auckland A.A.C., arrives nitW'Mll?lMlathletic team ia duo on cither-Monday or Tuesday, The Nest Zealand athlotic team iB ex- \- "Ifghf y the WakatiPU 011 H. M Reeves, of the Canterbury A.A.O., StTny ' Zealand, is located at Maiden Eight-oar Race, Champion Four- oar ICaco, and Amateur Championship Sculling Race to-day. Ned Ryan, tho heavy-weight boxer, and Dave Neal aro doing tho up-country districts knocking out flats. The first of Sheot Anchor's progeny have been entered for tho Bairnsdalo Race Club s Sires' Produce Stakes of 1891. Tho Metropolitan A.A.C. have referred the protestnntered by H. Schwartzkoff in the 120yds handicap at Chowder Bay on Saturday last to the Amateur Athletio Association. Tim Ryan, tho dandy Adolaido boxer, wants to got a match on with some ono at the Sydney Club. Pick a good 'un and give him a show, gentlemen, for he's a fighter of tho real grit order. "We aro informed that tho Metropolitan ftlllh hna ! - 1 M»jLrj/vinrt3v«. uiio luiiuiviiig iiienioers to represent it on Championship day : — 100yds, A. E. Chapman ; 220yds, "Si Evans and C. Ritchie ; 440yds, A. E. Spoers ; 8 miles run, A. E. W. WachBmann ; Ono Mile Walk, W. Spring. Joe Goddard, tho Barrier champion, is in superb health j ho is doing his training at Richmond, near Melbourne. Tho final ' deposit (-£25) of tho JJ50 side wager raut bo in the hands of tho athletio editor of the Rbmbee on or beforo tho first day of Juno, or, according to tho articles, th'e first £25 will bo forfeited. The Eastern Suburbs A.A.C. have mado tho intercolonial visitors hon. members of the olub. They intend to give a compli mentary bail to tho visitors, to bo hold at NPOfla' rniM«a r»r» TWav»/1utt A ,vvuid vii u.viiuuj' ovuiiiiij:, t/uuu y, Messrs.. Schwartzkoff, Phillips, and Schnelitol have been appointed a sub-com mittee to carry out arrangements for the same. Speaking of Plutarch in tho Trial Stakes, a London oxchango says : An . interesting feature of tho race was the running of the Australian-bred horse, Plutarch, in tho colors of tho Hon. James White. Ho was steered by D. Bowes, who has taken up his resideneo at Newmarket | v for some months past. Plutarch's' show I whs disappointing in tho cxtremo, and he I finished a long way last, and it would Beem I evident that ho is not of the class ropre- 9 sented -last year by his .compatriot Ring- master. Trutii says : When so much olabo- ' rato fuss was being mado about the Aus tralian colts during the winter I warned Any speculative readers to leavo them alone, having no opinion of their Derby prospects. Tho result of their puddle of a " trial, aud the miserable exhibition at 'Lincoln of Plutarch, who gallope'd with them, show very cloarly that they have not tho ghost of a shadow of a chauco for the Derby, but Kirkliam, at loast, inay win some races over long distances if judiciously placed. Benzo7i, according to all accounts, has not been so badly treated in gaol (says Sporting Truth.) Ho is allowed to receive letters, one of which is from Mr. \- ifargroaves, forgiving him for tho chequo affair and asking him to como and stay with him when his timo is up ; Sir Georgo Clietwyiul has also written giving a similar invitation. Sovon volumes of novelB aro not enough for Bonzonon which to employ his leisure time, lie would like a few more , p,lso hq.w&"ttid.Iiko a few moro nick-knacks added" to the bill of fare. ' In the recent trials at Brisbane , to seo who "should represent Queensland at tho forthcoming Amateur Championship meet ing, Kcllett won tho high jiunp, clearing 5ft 8in with apparent ease. Ho also jumped 20ft 2in in tho long jump. A. Pritchard won tho 100yds in 10,2-5 soo, aiid, then ran tho 220yds in 25seo. Tho running took placo at Breakfast Creole Grounds. Tho track was in fair condition. J. Grant acted as tlmekcopor. and L. H. Nathan as starter. Queensland will thus bo well represented. r Jim Hallos getting a gorgeous saloon ' fitted up, which will compriso velvot- cusk'ioaeil seats, goldon-haired girls, ruby wines, a couplo of soft-padded couches, a. marvellous boxing ring with posts padded with satin, and " Jim" wifi be on hand at all hours to teach tho left hand how to shoot, and tho gloves arc to be of thesnow white order, with knitted silk air holes ; in . fact, tho whole concern is to- bo on such I cesthetic lines that poetry and pugilism will'V sweetly blended, and a dawtj creature of tlio feminiuo persuaswp will linger near in all licr Mushing ready to take tlio sting oi defeat out of tho vanquished gladiator. Lucky Jnu. Tho game of hocjcey is apparently he- coming more .and more popular in the south of England. We should like to see the old pastime introduced here. The St. Aloysius Collogo boys hold their annual sports meeting on tho Association Ground on Wednesday next. Tlio prizes aro now on view at Paling's, George- street. It is. stated that in tho course of a fow weoks James Koan will set sail for Aus tralia with Cuirassier, Leopold and company from Now Zealand. It is also said that Mr. D. M'Kinnon contemplates bringing his three-year-old Lochness across. Potor Wood, tho Christchurch Now Zealand athlete, who will como across with tho athlotic team (unattached), is training with a viow of having a cut at some of the handicaps to tako place hero during tho noxt fow weeks. Wo hear from Auckland that it is likely that several visitors from that city interid to 'accompany tho New Zealand athletic tcaih to Sydney.' B. Owon, who competed at tho Now Zealand Championsliip.Mecting last December, will bo ono of those to como across. Onco upon a timo the" seas were inhabited by no less than 807 different species of sharks, while to-day only about 60 varieties \- aro .known. A . reasonable explanation of ; what has. becomo of the other varieties is to assert that they havo taken up their quarters on the loud. The Ladies' Bracolct Race run at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on. Satur day, and' won by Ormonde, cannot bo regarded as a sottlcd affair yet. Ormonde had been led out of the weighing enclosure beforo his ridor was declared to bo of tho right weight, and as it was found that tho bridlo was required to mako up tho weight it was obtained. According to tlm rules of racing this proceeding of getting tho bridlo tcr mako up tho required weight after tho horso had been lod away from sealo was irregular; aud if tho rider, Mr. Alf. Glass cock, could not draw tho weight without his bridlo, to which under tho circum stances ho was not entitled, ho would lie disqualified from winning on tho ground tliat he was short of weight. Thoro was Bonio talk at scalo about tho proceeding being irregular, bub no protect was made. It is, however, likely that lui appeal will bo made to the V.R.C. against tho action Of the Hunt Club stewards or officials in per mitting Mr. Glasscock to obtain his bridlo from Ortiiondo. Tho appeal will bo mado oil bohalf of tho owner of Paikakariki, who ran second, and will bo based upon rules 90 and 93 of tlio V.R.C. rules of racing. "Wo were sorry to seo Plutarch rim so badly in tho Trial Stakes, (says a London exchange) but wo wore not surprised, as it occurred 'to us when tlioy wero being tried last week that, liko tho chariot of Sisera, tliey wero "long in coming." Ah Australian gentleman who timed this trial afterwards told ,us that it was very bad as couqiared with what is done in Australia. It must bo borne in mind that Kirkliam and Narallen aro not recognised as Australian cracks. They wero yearlings of whom nothing was known, and .they were sent to this country solely oil account of their good looks. No ' matter how good looking a yearling may bo wo know' that lio often proves to bo worthless as a raceliorso. Tho Australian horses ran very groenin their trial, and though they aro totally wanting in tho daBh noeessary to win a race liko tho Darby, wo still, in faco of tho running of Plutarch at Lincoln, hold tho opinion that ovor a long course Kirkliam, at any rate, will bo found to be a good horso. Thus tho, London Fancier's Gazette : — An. Australian correspondent writes : " Tlio importation of dogs into New South Wales receives almost a vital check through tho absurd Govornment quarantine regulations. In tlio first pluoe, good specimens aro not secured in England without,, a substantial outlay, say, on an average, £'20. Then comes shipping fees, which at present aro not under £5, pxcluaivo of perquisites and specially shipped food. Then upon arrival they aro seized upon by tho Government authorities, takou to Shark Island, tliero to romain in duvanco vile for six months, at tlio oxpiration of which timo an examina tion takes place- as to tboiu.sanity, which, if satisfactory, upon a further payment of £7 10a per head, possession is obtained of poor doggy's romains, should any bo loft after Rmth use and abuse. All this is carried on in face of tho fact that hydrophobia lias never boon known iu. those parts since tho clays of Captain Cook's first arrival. rlt is said that a numbor of tho mares sorved by Ormonde before ho left England ar? barren, and Bomo of-tho papers seem to think it was not such a serious loss to the nation, after all, that tho great horse was , < sold away to South America. Young M'Konzio is doing his work at tho club rooms for his fight early next month with Mick Ives. Ho has jiovor trained boforo, but ho is a porfect model of an athlete, and though lio may go down in this fight, as ho is giving away a lot in weight, strength, and experience, ho will yot be tlio best boy his weight in this end of God's creation. Groat excitement was caused at Monte Carlo the other day, says the Western Figaro, by an extraordinary run of luck whicli attended tho play of Mr. E. J. Papo, who will have good reason to remember tho numbor 32, which, coming up twice threo times in succession one night, brought liim nearly 100,000f. A correspondent writing to tlio Field on tlio subject of New Zealand sport, makos. : i « mi .1 1 ono iwiuwiiijr ruiuarKs : " xne ocKeys nero . do-not ride liko English onos ; they do notsit still, but whip anil spur and roll about from tho last turn to tho winning post. Somo . of tho best have good hands and can judge pace, but tliey all sooni lost at finishing. ' For pluck -tliey aro hard to boat, and will . stick to a bad horso without trouble. Jim Biu-go called at this offico on Thurs day, and, chatting ovor his lato fight with TIVWOmi 111! vnitinwlrnll hl» n J- ho bad to havo several of his back teeth prized back into thoir places, and then lio remarked, with that bland smile of his, " if lio'd got on to 1110 lower down on the jaw ho would havo hurt mo." Hurt him. Groat Scott ! How many of tho so-called fightors who livo on the game would have stood and boon battered until tlioir hind teeth wore shifted? About ono in nine millions. Ono of tho possibilities of tlio futuro is that tlio Sydney Club will get Jem Carney, oliampiou light-weight pugilist of England, out to fight for a purso, aye, and a well padded ono too. This is how it may come about. If Burgo fights Dawson at tho Club rooms for a .JJ150 purso and the Repkrek Champion Bolt, and wins, Mabor will then bo pitted against tlio " iron man " for a similar purso and tlio Referee Belt. Should the groat lion heart of Burgo carry him once moro to tho front lio .will tlion bo considered good enough to meet tho English wonclcr, and tlio match will doubtless bo mado. Thoro are thousands of pooplo hero in Sydnoy city who think that Join Burgo will yet bang tlio Referee Bolt, emblematic of tlio light-weight championship of tho world, over a hotel of his own. Jim says if this should como ajiout lio'll call his pub the Dead Bird. After a hot rally in tho Maber-Fnller fight, tho " Shadow " remarked, " it. Jack, wo'ro both dead tired." Tho London Fanciers' Gazette has tho following anent the recently adopted rules .as to muzzling of dogs, . which should bo of interest to liuntiyg men : — " Tho corres pondence and' particulars of the poisoning . of tho hound belonging to the Chidden- fiold pack, whicli wits left out on March 25, and captured tho next day by the police as ah unmuzzled dog, kopt three days, and tlion dono to death according to tho muzzling order in forco in the Surroy dis trict, was brought beforo tlio local board at Guildford a few days ago. The police excused themselves oh tho ground that tliey could not .find the owner ; but what . is rathor startling is tho fact that they do not consider it thoir business to find or to look out for the owners, and that, having kopt tho hound four and a half hours after tlio tliroo clays had expired which tho law doniiindcd, they wore perfectly justified in poisoning- tho poor wretch. Tho Town Clerk and tlio inombers of the board prosont passed a rosolution sup porting tlio action of tlio police ; but/tliis will scarcely bo oudorscd by tlio generality of sportsman in tlio district, fpl- it is ridi culous to say that, with only two packs of bounds in tho neighborhood, tlio owner of tho stray hound could not have boon found. Two post-cards, at tlio cost of a penny, would liavo saved tho poor dog's life, which was said to bo 0110 of tho best bounds in the pack. Those who know liow much affection masters of bounds bestow upon the members of tlioir pack will quito understand that tlio termination of this case is most unsatisfactory. Surely somo discrimination is loft to tlio common sonso of tho police force in cases of this sort. Tliey certainly liavo not displayed . much ' on this occasion." .- The annual doublo-lianded' racquet match between -tho- representatives df Oxford and Cambridge Universities took placo_ recently at the Queen's Club, West Kensington, Messrs. E. L. Metcalfe anil F. H. Browning playing -for Oxford, and Messrs E. Ashworth and H. It. My or for Cambridge. Tho first gamo was tlio bust contested of tho lot, and fell to Cambridge, after a sot of threo had boon played, by"l5 to 12. Oxford won tho noxt easily by 15 to 2 ; .but thanks to a run of sovon acos by Ashworth, Cambridge took tlio third with 15 to 7. Oxford won tho fourth by 15 to 9, and tho Light Blues won tho next couplo by 15 to 10 and 15 to 9, thus taking tho best of sovon games. 0 _ So many interesting stories oE. the way in whioli tho dogs at tlio hospices in Swit zerland havo rcscuoil travellers, when jonrnoying ovor .tho mountains, from death, havo boon told, but thoy aro generally in reference to days gone by. It is therefore tho most interesting to hear that oilly a fow days ago a peasant from Airolo, when making his way to Andormatb, having been overtaken by a sovoro snowstorm whnu crossing -the St. Gothard Pass, and failed in his strength, was rescued by a St. Bernard of the St. Gothard Hospice ; although I10 had become deeply buried in tlio drifting snow, tho dog brought the poor man back to eonsciousnoss by bugging at liim and barking, which eventually brought relief. Tho well-known racohorso Bolladrum, by King of Clubs — Mainbouriue, which was shipped'to India a tow years ago, lias como back to Australia again to tho seono of his previous record. xUelladrum, boforo leav ing tho colonies, ran a dead hoat with Pollio and Commotion for second placo in tho Adolaido Cup, which was won by"" Euclid. Bolladrum lias had a successful careor in India, winning several important ovonts, in fact every prize of note except tho Viceroy's Cup. Bolladrum comos to Sydnoy in charge of Mr A. M'Donald, woll- known in tho India trade. Mr M'Donald has brought him from Calcutta in ijio rough ordor. By tho Norbudila has also ixjmo a valuable bull-torrier slut, said to lie ori\ of tlio purest broil animals of its doscriptf-Ni in India. The terrier goes on to Nei Zealand with its owner, Mr Huiigerford. A few da.ys.ago (says the Tasmanian) a party 01 well-known sporting men paul a visit to Richmond Park," entrusted with a commission to purchase tho two-year-old Highlander. An offer of 1000 guineas wa3 , made but was declined jt being tlio laud able ambition of tho owner to win a V.R.C. Derby or Melbourne Cup — or both. If the colt had been purchased liis destiur/fio'n would havo been Sydnoy. It is gratifying that wo liavo in our midst a sportsman with sufficient spirit to refuse such 2: tempting offer, tho sum being the largest over refused for. a. two-year-olil bred in the island. Those who viewed the colt are enthusiastic in thoir praise and stato that in appearance ho looks moro like a four-year-old. Ho is remarkably woll developed, and from every point of view looks a racehorse, and should more than maintain tlio reputation gainod by his brother Silverniino. Proposed International Yacht Races. — At the close of tho unsuccessful negotia tions last autumn between tho Now York Yacht Club and tho owner of the Valkyrie, Lord Dunraven expressed a liopo that the holders would consider his challenge for the America Cup as " merely postponed." , 1 Lord Dunravon has accordingly revived his original challengo — to sail for tho America Cup under the conditions of tlio old dcoil of gift— and the New York Yacht Club will meot at an early date to consider it and frame a reply. On tho other hand, Mr. Poabody, -of New York, lias addressed duplieato letters to Lord Dunravon and Mr. P. A. ltalli, proposing therein a series of friendly contests in American waters with four American 70ft qloops and tho cutters Valkyrie and Yarana. Mr. Ralli has written' in reply, 'saying that I10 duos not wish to missrtho English lucing season, and regrets that lie' cannot m consequence entertain Mr. Pe&body;'s off'or. Ho, at tho same timo, is. willing to mako a match or all tho proposed niatelios if sailed in English waters. Should, tho challengo bo accepted for tho Valkyrie to contend for tlio America Cup thoro is but little doubt that Lord Dunravon would avail himself of ,Mr. Pcabody's offer and Rail tho Val kyrie in all tho proposed matches ; but if tho latter cannot gob a race for tho America Cup tho inducement of sailing against tho 70ft sloops will probably not bo strong enough to hialco lior owner forego the English racing season. 