\- Ail Australian Actor in Enrope iETTEB FEOM S. B. GB3EVtLL13« s V' .The following sxtracta from a ^??g ?'*??'. letter -wntten, by the popular Australian. ctkifiidlaii, 'jfctr. J. vlt -3sreyille, -who ;-'fe&s;(nfr \- eijoylag a koliday vicit tp Europe, will no ^i^ubVbe read with general interest. The letter is addressed *° «£ °^ Sydney friend of Mr. Crxe-vilie's* Mr. Harry Smart, who lias kindly placed- it at our disposal. « Milan, Italy, May 5, 1890. ;*«Bear Hatry.-r-I have Jnsfc received yours . . . I -wrote last in. the middle of taj trip to Paris, so I will give you a little more of my experiences there. I spent every second day of my six weeks at the exhibition. Lunching in the grounds., at many points we found well m&naged; restaurants, where bands of lady musicians discoursed excellent music. I liitd some difficulty in finding the Australian . pavilion. - i expected to see exhibits, but merelV found a colonial wine ehop, not too WeD. patronised, but it was early in the day. There was no lack of amusement either. Circular pano ramas, wonderfully effective, a French Comedy Theatre, Variety Hall, with excel lent show, and one large building -with Egyptian dancers, a remarkable perform ance, chiefly contortionising ; and the movements of the principal lady closely resembled the antics of the Haka, a Maori tlance I saw in New Zealand. Strange to say, one day going my rounds X was recognised by an Australian salesman selling Eiffel Tower nicnacs. He told me he had just had a visit from Xrticy Escott and Squires, who were much pleased when he told them that he re membered them in the Opera House, Melbourne. They were looking well and bought from hi™. Of course, I did the same. One of the greatest novelties I saw ?was a railway worked by water. ,. It went very well for the distance — about an eighth of a mile. We travelled by it; but I don't know how it would work # for long distances. The carriage weight, as it went along, opened valves, which squirted the water. Good speed was attained. The promoters say that 100 miles an hour could be managed. There 'was a small charge, and the Tail way was well patronised. 'We also saw an immense sheet of glass. 8£ yards high, 4^ broad, Sin thick, and 20521b weight. The wealth of silks, furniture, china and glass, jewellery, mil linery, leather, stationery, musical instruments, models of almost everything you could think of, and last, but not least, two lovely squares of tapestry, large as the largest carpets, with beautiful figures and landscapes, looking as bright and natural as anything we saw in the choicest pic tures. '*' Sunday is a busy day in Paris, the Boulevards crowded with well-dressed citizens, while marionettes and Punch's shows under the trees fill many a corner, and are supported by delighted citizens, at Id or 2d a head. 'The last Sunday of our stay we went to see the exhibition in full swing at night, fountains going, lighted a la Fakir of Oolu, with electric lights, fireworks, &c.; The w^hole Eiffel Tower, from top to bottom, was one blaze of red fire. The crush that night was dreadful, and the flower beds suffered. Close to the exhibition there was a huge show covered with streets and buildings to represent the Bastille and its neighbor hood as they were before that prison was destroyed by the revolutionists. We first went into a little theatre, and saw a drama in widen the principal actor was a prisoner ; scene, a prison interior. After language . which, we only partially understood, he escaped through a window. All the audience immediately left, and came out in the open air ; where from the street ?we saw the walls of the Bastille. After a little -while we saw the aforesaid actor appear on the wail, followed by a soldier, who fired at him, then gave chase and Overtook him. They had a scuffle, and the soldier was thrown -very naturally oat ©f eight. . Prisoner crawled along fainting till again shot at, when lie dropped out -©'£ '?view j more shots, drum roll, tke'n prisoner appeared in the street, dragged, along by numbers, and was once more Incarcerated in the Bastile. Then came the rising of the naob, and attack on the prison, all wonder fully carried out, and quite exciting even to an old playgoer like myself. The novelty of course lay in .so mu'eh. of 'the performance being out of door, aa'd right among the audience, who were compelled, as it were, to form part of the mob. [Between the performances, to keep -as amused, a brass' ba»d paraded ?the 'streets-— a village, wedding party had a. comic interlude, and danced an old fashioned gavotte, with various oilier incidents enjoyable, aad thoroughly Parisian. . . . For a change of night fehows, I went to a .place called the Folies Bergere, and saw a splendid entertainment for 2s 6-L Tv?o ballets, one Fairy, the other Bobert Maeaire, in dumb show by the anairtinettis j the best flying trapeze ^act I ever saw, by two young women, .without a mistake ; horizontal bar and revolving globe excellently per formed; final finish-up champion wrestling snatch, between Tom Cannonanda foreigner, which, caused great excitement. ' My trip to sfee Sarah Bernhardt was very enjoyable. Thfe Theatre Forte St. Martin 1b the principal melodramatic one of Paris. Though large, with four tier, of boxes and lighted with, electricity, it looks decidedly di^Lgy-^— wants. some painj; badly, 186 orchestra, and an old drapery curtain Served »li - purposes; no beU, but the; audience was warned, and the certain was \ taiecd, by thumps on the fet≥, as if wa£h a. wooden mallet. What would Aftstxa Hans say- to Stalls occupying the whole ®£ . ?tke ground ^floor, very rough* &nd; the'; charge 10s Aead? The play ' Theodora/' '$& ' seven acts, was 'very well; «a*msted, and performed. Saa-aa was! very- fine, both in trasifc , and Ugkt comedy pb&t;&B.; X fe&peci;&d; to see lier' thin and liaggard j ^ut fehe Is decidedly getting ©, $l^BB'ing«tafeo»^*tt«& The drama :ymJh^^y^&f;^b^e^,^i3Ate&'WelL played that we -understood the plot without 'knowing *be language House tsrowded, aad yerj critical Performance lasted ov«i JTopr hours, ;tonKm©ndag {at 8 and not over \- - *'^^elatt6^fe$ea*ilfton,amagfilficent \- circular btuidltefo *»d In tne vaults' enw, . tlie ' lombs ot Victor !£ug© £§& Vt&tfclre.; i t We also took a trip to Fontainbleau, fed the wonderful carp there, over J.OG years old, and saw the art treasures of that truly grand old palace, On jpur Tjpay horae through the forest' I tried to discover the scene of the Corsican brothers' duel, but to no purpose. About this tune I took another trijp to the Opera House to see ** Hamlet.' A baritone called Lasalle was the Hamlet, and his voice suited the music very well. Madame Melba was the Ophelia, and the music suited her admirably. Her mad* act com menced with a sylvan ballet. The end of the act was lovely, Ophelia floating down the stream singing clear high notes, and the chorus in the distance, faintly heard, in unison was a treat. Hamlet killed the king in the churchyard ; the ghost was looking on at the back — grand tableau, impressive denouement. ' If I am short of engagements when I get back, to Australia, I ? must take a lecturing tour. ' Sound the World in 600 Bays.' I am keeping a diary, and would be at no loss for matter ; and as- 1 intend to return by way of America, the above title would be strictly suitable. Bythe bye, did. I mention I was going to treat for « The Middleman*' at tiie Shaftesbury, but heard Mr. Willard is going to America and Australia, and keeps it for himself? The part would suit Mr. George Eignold's manly' style, and Ire would make it as effective as his Colonel Challis, -which I think one of his best performances. ' After three months in the much- praised South of France, I must say the Sydney ?winter is milder, and more equal. After sundown a mist rises, and a chill comes over the face of the water 'which must be very trying to invalids. ** From Nice I -went to Monte Carlo. Oh, what a charming model picturesque little town ; beautiful in all its surround ings, except the gambling. It -was decidedly repulsive to me to see the crowds of well dressed men and women lost in the excite ment of, principally, losses. The concert hall, open free, is as beautifully decorated as the Grand Opera Paris, luxuriously carpeted and seated, and the band the best I have heard, excepting the * Societa Orchestrale del Teatro alia Scala,' which we heard last week — i00 pro fessors of tekching, conducted by Giuseppe Mast&cci.; The perfection of music. All ! it makes me feel -small when I think of our limited efforts in comparison. Wagner's * Incanlesimo, ' from the opera of ' Die Walkiire,' made any hair, as Milky White says, * stand up straight on its end.' 'Well, from Monte Carlo I took nearly three months in Genoa, Pisa, Rome, Naples, Florence, Bologna, Venice, Verona, and Milan. It would take a dozen letters to particularise a tithe of -what I have seen and visited. I did not see the f Two Gentlemen of Verona,' but I stood on the spot where Julius Csesar ?was assassinated, where Virginius killed his daughter. I -was in Bulwer's house of Glaucus (' The Last Days of Pompeii ') ; went over the Colosseum, Capitol, Palatine Hill, Appian Way; and the churches I have visited from St. Peter's at Rome to the grand cathedral of this town ; the Vati can at Rome, and acres of picture galleries at Florence', Juliet's tomb, and house of the Capulets at Verona, Desdemona's resi dence in the city 'of gondolas, Venice (where I walked on the Rialto), Bridge of Sighs, _fed the pigeons of St. Mark, visited Pompeii and Herculaneum, the blue grotto of Capri, Sorrento (not a bit like the watering place of tnat name iji Victoria), and saw Vesuvius in all its aspects. In the future T hope, first, to -visit the Italian lakes, especially Claude Melnotte's Lake of Como, take a quick trip to Switzerland, to the Bavarian Alps, j when I intend to see the Passion play at Ammergau j then through Germany, and up the Rhine to Cologne, Brussels, and Calais ; then I in tend to do a little of Wales and Ireland, sail from Queenstown for America, en route by Hudson River, Niagara, Denver, Chi cago, Salt Lake City, San Francisco, Hono lulu, and New Zealand ^for Australia, where I hope to arrive, with a novelty or two before 1891. «* Tell any of your friends -who think of visiting Italy, the sooner the better, as they are fast undermining it, removing old landmarks, and pulling down ?whole streets. The Tiber -will soon have a new embankment ; frescoes are disappearing, and statues are trans planted. Let them remember, too, in tlie words of Captain Marryat, they will be asked how they are off for soap ' — strange to say candles are expensive, and soap is not found in the- bedroom, or hotel bill. Milan is the most English looking city of all the Italian towns. One enormous drapery establishment is as popular as Mark Foy's, while the Cortosa de Pavia is the richest and most artistic of all* the monasteries.' „ MiSOSic— The lodge Hiram, No. 132 U.G.L., if.SW., met on Tuesday evening at the Masonic Hall, Castlereagk-Etreefr, when the installation of Brother Francis G. Simmonds took place. The ceremony was performed by E.W. Brother S. H. Teunsr, P.G.S.W., in a most impressive manner. The following brethren were also installed in the rariotts chairs : £.W., Brother W. H. Johnston ; J.W., Brother W. Turner; treasurer, B.WorT, Brother Sydney H. Young ; secretary. Brother William T. Smith; S.D., Brother C. Brown; J.D., Brother T. Summers; J.G., Brother T. W. Storey; Organist, Brother C. J. Luna; stewards, Brother W. Spriggs and Brother H. Beckett; Tyler, Brother W. H. Carrick. After the Installa tion, Brether S. H. Yeung presented the secre tary, Brother Smith, with a splendid jew«l frem the brethren of the lodge, as a mark of esteem; and f «r the manner he had, carried out his duties sb hon, secretary to the lodge. 'A similar token tru also presented to the retiring: W.&L;, Brother Bichard L. Sibthorpe. Both brothers suitably responded for the hon»r done them. The cere mony ended, the brethren retired to -the number of 120 to the banquet table, when justice was fully done ix- the good things placed before them. The usual t»asts, 'Her Majesty the Queen/' 'The tT.*GX. rf H,S.W.,' «*Th» WatBhipfal Master, Installing, and Retiring Master/' &e.-; were pro* posed and responded to in due Masonic form. The company broke up after a most enjoyable even ing had been spent. 