TSE WIZARD'S TOWER. (From Cassell's Saturday Journal.) CHAPTER VIII. I retired to bed, but sleep was long in coming, for the strange experience I had just gone through still haunted me, and the image of Sir Gregory's shrunken form, yellow and bare, waiting on its hard rest ing-place the advent of the morning sun, was before me, even when at last I sank into uneasy slumber. When I awoke it was considerably past my usual hour for rising. I hastily dressed, and on going to the "study," which served as breaktast parlour, found that Aunt Lettice had already breakfasted, and was waiting for ns. The chaplain had just entered the room, and the doctor made his appearance a few minutes later. I could see that my aunt was full of some exciting intelligence, and as soon as the servant in waiting had retired, and we had fairly commenced breakfast, she began. "You seem to have slept soundly, Mar. msaduke. Others have not been so fortu nate. Sir Gregory has been walking again." "What do you mean?" I enquired. " Corrigan heard some strange noises last night in the Wizard's Tower." "Noises! What sort of noises F" "First, sounds like footsteps, and then a dreadful groaning noise-like thunder, or like the growl of some ferocious beast." "Nonsense! Corrigan must have been drunk or dreaming." " No, he was neither drunk nor dreaming, for he was so much alarmed that he got up and put on his clothes and crossed the quadrangle to Jasper's room, and there was then a light in the Wizard's Tower, and shadows moving about. There can't be any mistake, for they both saw it, and the light continued until nearly two o'clock, when it suddenly ceased, and all was dark again. I tell you what it is, Marmaduke-I tried to persuade your poor father the same thing, but lie would never listen to me-you must have that tower exercised." "Exercised! Oh, exorcised you mean. Why, my dear aunt, no one ever thinks of exorcising anybody nowadays. That sort of thing is a mere relic of middle-age superstition." "Thank you, Marmaduke; I am quite aware that lam middle-aged, without your so unkindly reminding me of it; but I do not know that lam more superstitious than other people." "My dear aunt, can you imagine for one moment that I should so forget my good manners ! I meant to say that exorcism was a rite practised in the Middle Ages, and long since discarded by enlightened people. Is it not so, father ?" " It was a rite of the Church, my son, and therefore not to be alluded to with disre. speet. At the present day it is rarely used. Not that it has lost its eflicacy, but that, with the growth of a sceptical spirit, men are less ready to believe in the necessity for its employment." "There, Marmaduke, Father Philpot agrees with me, and you are showing a what is it ?-a sceptical spirit if you don't have the Tower exer-exorcised at once. It's easy enough. You shut all the win dows, and burn some brimstone on a fire, shovel." "My dear aunt, surely you are thinking of disinfection." " Well, it's much the same thing. The Cazenoves had it done at Henley Hall when I was a girl. I remember it quite well, for I was staying there." "Not to lay a ghost, surely?" "IReally, Marmaduke, how can you be so ridiculous. If there hadn't been some thing of that kind, do you suppose sensible people like the Cazenoves would have had it done ? It was the same time that they had the scarlet fever in the house. I can recall the smell of the chloride of lime to this day. But of course there are plenty of people who know how it's done. I dare say Father Philpot does." "I have a general knowledge of the rite," replied the Padre, with a smile; F'but it is usually performed by a special order of the priesthood, to which I do not belong. Perhaps, however, such an extreme measure- may not prove to be necessary. Oorrigan and Jasper may have been mis taken, or the disturbances may not again occur." "I am strongly inclined to have the Tower exorcised in a different way-with a few coats of paint and whitewash," I said; "and to furnish the rooms for my own use." " The saints protect us! " said my aunt, crossing herself, with a look of horror; "you don't mean to say, Marmaduke, you would venture to use those rooms ? What about Sir Gregory? " '"I don't believe in Sir Gregory, in a superstitious sense. The best way of exor. cising a haunted room is to live in it, in my opinion." "And I'll make up a pill for Corrigan and Jasper which shall effectually prevent them from experiencing such alarms for the future." " You will, doctor ? That would be good of you," exclaimed my aunt, but chancing to intercept a smile, which we could not entirely repress, she changed her tone. " But of course, you cannot do anything of the sort. Very well gentlemen; you may think it good sport to laugh at an old woman's nervousness. But I know this, the Tower was haunted before my time, and will be after it. and after yours too. You may smile Marmaduke - youth is naturally presumptuous; but mark my words, if you do try to use the Tower, you will see Sir Gregory yet. I wish you good morning gentlemen;" and with a stately curteey she left the room. "The old lady little thinks how recently we have seen Sir Gregory," remarked the doctor. "I've been seeing him all night." re joined the Padre. "If he really were a ghost, he could hardly have haunted me more uncomifortably. " Just my case," I said;: " and I shall be profoundly thanlkful when this uncanny \- nsatter is over and done with." " It is unfortunate that we have offended your aunt," eald the doctor; " but in a slay or two you will be able to tell her the real itruth, and set mattere straight. We ace all disgracefully lets this morning, by the way, I cams down prepared to flnd myself tue only offender, and to eat any quantity ,of humble pie. You don't know what a satisfaction it was to find that we were all three companions in iniquity." "Fortunately, yea will get the credit of it, doctor," replied the Padre, with a sly wink at me, " Marmaduke and myself have ivell'established charactrer for early rising. Miss Oocennell will therefore natu rally ascribe our misconduct this morning to the force of your had example, and to our having sat up lets last night carousing "T~hat' pleasant l So I am to be scape. goat for the whole party. That's the way oe thse world, I give time and trouble, and sacrifice my natural rest, to help you in r~esuscitating an eccentric old ancestor, and I lose my character in the bargamn." " Never mind, doctor; you must console yourself by re flecting that it's In the interest' of science, and fortunately my aunt's mind is jest now 50 full of Sir Gregory and our shameful disregard of her alarms that the lesser crims will be forgotten in the "It wouldn't trouble me musch in any case," replied the doct; "my shoulders sae pretty broad, and Ilam deeply Interested in our queer experiment. I am quite im. patient to get to work again." "We will go to the Tower at once If yinu like." No, no; better stick to the letter of our (nsteractious. Sir Gregory says noon, and noon it shall be. It won't be very long to walt. We 9112.1 have just time to smoke o quiet cigar lbefore commencing opera. The cigar was smoked, and another to follow, and then, going into the library, we scads our way as before to the Tower. On reaching it our eyes turned instinctively to the gaunt, naked figure on the table, on which the midday sun was now streaming with all its power. " There is a change here," eald the doctor 'examining it critically. " The veins have :risen slightly." Taking a lancet from his pocket, and lifting thestifened arm, he made a minuts incision. No result foilowed, but he then subbed the arm briskly, snd gredually a Iblack bead of moisture oozed from the tiny 'wound. .He wiped this off, and again wrnbbed the arm, when the bead again (seimed, but thistime ofia.dsep.crijnson. " We could not have done that yester day," he said. "I begin to think we may aucceed, after all." "What is your inference from that sign, doctor ?" asked the chaplain. "That there's life in the body," replied the doctor, taking off his coat, and throw. ing it, regardless of dust, on a bench. " I shall go at it with a will this time. Before we begin rubbing, howevef, we'll start the furnace and get some hot water. I have a notion we shall want it before we've done." This done, the doctor added the essence, as directed by the instructions, to the oint ment, and we recommenced our task. The smell of the mixture was so potent that it made our eyes water, but we rubbed on, the doctor, as before, giving his attention to the spine and body, the Padre and myself to the extremities. 'There was little con versation, for the doctor's words of en couragement had led ud to take new interest in our task, and to earnestly desire to press it to a definite conclusion. Presently, how ever, there was an exclamation from the chaplain. "Look here, doctor; I don't know whether it is the effect of the sunshine or of the friction, but the flesh is certainly softening-see!" The hand which the Padre had been rubbing, and which had hitherto been per fectly rigid, now bent with facility, the fingers retaining any position in which they were placed. " We are gaining ground," was the doctor's only reply. " Rub away, gentle men." Presently a similar result followed with the fingers of the hand which was under my charge, and a little later the wrist and ankle joints grew floxible in like manner. "sRub away, gentlemen," said the doctor again. " The hour prescribed by our in structions is up, but I would rather delay the administration of the final drug until the whole of the body is in this flexed con dition. We are making good progress. We must'nt grudgo time and persever ance." For half an hour longer we continued our exertions. The labour was exhausting, the moresoos we were compelled to work in the full blaze of the noonday sun. We had long since thrown off coats, waist coats, and neckties, and still the sweat streamed in great drops down our fore heads. "Work away, gentlemen," insisted the doctor. "The rigidity has all but dis appeared, and in another five minutes I think we may venture to pass to the final stage of the treatment." We worked away accordingly, and a few minutes later the doctor reported that the case was ripe for the final effort. Taking the tiny flask of ruby liquid, he re moved the stopper with infinite precaution, and poured a few drops between the white lips. We anxiously waited for the result, but none followed. The doctor, however, was not discouraged. "Time enough yet," he said, in reply to our questioning glance. " So far we have only been oiling the machine. Now we must try to start it. At present there is neither respiration nor circulation. If we can start the first, the second will probably follow. Mr Quennell, I will get you to stand just here. Take hold of Sir Gregory's arms above the elbows, and draw them up till they nearly meet above his head; then push them down again, bending them at the elbow, until they press firmly against the sides of the chest. These two movements simulate, as nearly as can be, the move. ment of the muscles of the chest in natural respiration, and must be repeated once in every four or five seconds. Meanwhile I will get Father Phiilpot to dip this flannel in hot water, and apply it to the soles of the feet." We did as instructed, the doctor carefully watching for some result. After a few minutes had elapsed, he took A cup of cold water, and dashed it in the face of the patient. There was a faint muscular spasm. Again he dashed water in the face and on the chest, and this produced a very marked result. There was a quick gasp, and the chest rose of its own accord. " Victory !" cried Dr. Brand. ' Continue for a moment or two longer, Mr Quennell, till respiration is fairly established ; then do you and Father Philpot each take a hot flannel and rub again for your lives. Mean while I will administer the rest of the essence." Pouring a little into the palm of his hand, he rubbed therewith the eyelids, lips, and postrlls of the insensible man; then poured the remainder into the mouth. The effect was instantaneous. The eyes opened, and looked at us with a dull, glazed stare, and the ivory tint of the face gave place to a more natural hue, which gradually spread to the body and limbs, "A sign of renewed circulation, I sup pose ?" I remarked to the doctor. "Not directly of renewed circulation so much as of oxidation of the blood by the re-ostablishmeot of respiration. But cir culation will have started simultaneously." He placed his hand on the heart. " One can just say it beats, but that's all. Well, gen tlemen, we have succeeded co far. Sir Gregory lives once more, but his life it a mere opark, and if we are not both prompt and discreet in our measures, he will slip through our fingero yet ! He should now be placed in a warm bed, and fed and tended like a new-born babe, Row are we to do it?" " I think I saw a sort of truckle bed in the room above," said Father Philpot. " Could we not place him temporarily in that?" " A capital suggestion, father ; but we must have it down here. It would be fatal to attempt to move Sir Gregory up those stairs in his present condition. Let us see whether we can move it." The couch was heavy and cumbersome, but not very large, and by our united efforts it was speedily got down the narrow stairs, Aed established in the lower chamber. 'tith infinite precaution we. placed Sir Gregory upon it, and covered him with the old moth-eateblanbete. " Not a very luxurious couch," yelarked, the doctor; "but it will do for a oro so, till we cam provids him with; something better. I am quito ashamed of myself, not to have insisted on proper provision before band; but, in truth, 1 scarcely dreamt it possible we should succeed, and it ocemed absurd to mahecyon drag bedding and body linen, and so on, through those dusty paseageo on the chance of resuocitoting a dead man. But now the case io altered. I have a live patient to deal with, and I muet have all proper medical facilitice Quennell, you must get me at once a naree, sheets, bhopocets, hot-water bottles, milk, beef-tea, Lisbiga eostract, loot he lremblhee,;l." " The housekeeper can doubtless provide most of the things you name., But who is to be the nuvae, Isjonk know: And wisatie to become of the Secret P' "The Secret! Hang the .Secret!" shouted the doctor, " What on earth; 4oou the Secret matter, now that we have brought Sir Gregory to life again? Look here, my friend, you bare call d me to a patient-a patirut in a moot critical etats, on thes very border-line between life and death-and by the Lord Hasrry, if you don't give me what le necessary fOr the treatment of tl1o0550s, I'll proeeccute you for manslaughterdl" "Really, docetor," I replied, *' your ener getic protest is uncalled for, I havensurely as great en $nterest in keeping Sir Gregory alive as you cap possibly have." "Of course you havo, my dear boy. 1 know it, Iil spologire afterwards. But, meanwhile, my patient is storying, and every minute is of importance." " The doctor's right," raid Father Phil. pot.. " Sir Gregory now being recalled to life, the stood for secrecy is over," R ight ? Of coogee I'm right. But see musta't chatter, Loo)k hepo, can you get out of this hblessed Tower by oeoy shorter way than the way we got in?' " Certainly; we can go out by the deer at the foot, beside the gateway. Here is the key." "Then, for Heaven's sake, go out that way. Thros ing open that door will be the first step inwards giving the Tower a decent character again, Send me, in the first place, a ,housemaid, with a broom and a wheelbarrowful of tea-leaves, And then send me, from the housekeeper's room-no; rend me the hoasekeepor herself, and I'll tell her whatsa wanted, Bunk, for Heaven's sake, don't lose a minute." The doctor's energy war not to be re sisted, The chaplato and I put on our coats, and deacendtng the staircase, opened the door with some difficulty, and emerged rots tho ¶uadrangle. Hers we cams eud denly upon Corrigan, the porter, who had not yet got over his fright of the previous night, and who, at our unexpected appear ance, turned white na a sheet, and looked as though he would have sunk into the grass plot. The masther! Father Philpot!" he exclaimed. "Well, Corrigan, why not ?" said the Padre, with an air of authority he well know how to assume. "If you and Jasper circulate foolish reports about the Tower being haunted, you must itrely. suppose that-we should look into the ieietter. As a matter of fact Dr. Brand is up there with a sick man, and when 1 return, which will be in a few minutes, I shall want you to get a dusting.brush and shovel, and do a little sweeping th ro." "In the Wizard's Tower, is it P" gasped Corrigan. " Afther the noise I hear-r-d last night ?" "The noise you heard last night was made by your mastet and myself," replied the chaplain. " If you are afraid, you can send one of the women servants in stead." "Is it afraid, thin ?" said Corrigan, with an awkward laugh. "I don't know why your Iriverence would be castin' that at me. An' me an ould soldier, too. I won't say but what I might hs' felt the laste taste frightod last night, hearin' osuch quare noises an' that; but if it was yourself and the masther was the ghcatesses, I'm williae' to do a hand's turn in the Tower-as ready as anny man. I'll fetch the broom, your riverence." ";It struck me that Corrigan, being ready to hand, might be better than one of the maids in the first instance," said the father. "Though I daresay the one will gossip pretty nearly as much as the other. Now, my son, if you like, I will fetch Dame Quince, while you go and break the matter to your aunt. It will be but respectful to let her have the earlrest possible informa tion of our etrange doings." (To be Continued.) 