SOME ONE ELSE. (A STORY BY B. M. OROKER.) CHAPTER XXXVI.— Continued. I WAS THE MAN. An hour later Mrs. Vashon and her sister were rolling homewards in the little green brougham, tete-a-tete at last ; for Jimmy and his cigar were banished to the box. '?Well, Haidee !' exclaimed her chaperone impressively, ' was it nob extraordinary our meeting ivmes co-nigno i i. aeanj auieitixicu when I saw him on the stairs ; I positively i thought it was his ghost ! How nice he is ; I wish poor Jimmy had a little of his good looks. All the same, looks bring in no income, and you are not to think of him, my love.' She paused expressively, and drew up the window. 'You need nob alarm yourself, Gussie ; everything was at an end long ago between Miles and me,' she replied with an averted ? face, and a shade of frost in her tone. 'Delighted to heir it, I'm sure ! You show your sense. Then I shall ask him to come and dine on Sunday, and to drop in whenever he pleases. I mean to be a sister to him ; not a sister-in-law,' laughing at her own wit. '?Do not invite him till I have gone to \- Aunt Jane's,' said her sister gravely. ' Put off your invitation for a day or two. I — we ? ifc would be better, just at present, that we did nob meet.' '''Fiddle-de-dee, my dear,' returned Gussie lightly ; ' you know you musb meet him now constantly ; if not here, ab Baronsford. There's no use- in making a bug-a-boo of him i Think ing of bhese things is ten times worse than the reality ; and if you and Miles are seen about together, in moderation, it will be the very best way of making people forget that other horrible affair ! When he comes to dinner he shall sib beside me,' generously. ' I'll do the talking ' — an unnecessary stipulation ! — ' you need not trouble your head to entertain him ! I was always very fond of Miles. Here we are,' as they stopped at her own door, and she bustled out, and tripped gaily up the steps, and led the way into the morning room. . ' Oh 1' seeing hei sister turn towards the staircase, ' are you not going bo sib up 1' in a ' voice of dismay. ' Come here, Haidee.' ' Well, whab is ib 1' she asked wearily. 'Come aud sib wibh me, in my dressing room, and have a chab. I wanb bo balk ib all over,' insinuatingly. in ii- -r i dll . .11. ? : ' XalK ot wnat f rattier si/uuy. ' ' Why, you sbupid girl ! of Miles, bo be sure, and his sudden reappearance.' Flighty, foolish, Gussie ; where is your boasbed common ' sense 1 Ab one moment declaiming against poverty, and forbidding Haidee to think of her cousin ; and almost in tho nexb breabh conjuring her to discuss him and 'his reappearance in bhe sacred privacy of 1 hair-brushing ! You are like a child playing wibli dynamite. ' Thank you, no, Gussie. I don't wanb bo \- talk about Miles,' suddenly gabliering her white plush mantle round her shoulders; with an impatient shrug: 'and as I'm tired I'll say good night j' and, nodding carelessly to iter sister, Miss Buabazon departed, leaving -lier would-be confidante both astounded and annoyed. ' Oh, ho ! so she is on her high horse !' ex- i claimed Mrs. Vashon, with a face of disgust, i ' Jimmy, my angel ! where are you 1 Come along, you shall talk to me instead ; and tell me whab you thought of things in general, and of Miles's sudden arrival in particular ; drop- . ping as it were from the sky ! I declare the little rencontre has given me quite a fillip,' walking over and looking approvingly at her self in the glass. ' I'm glad he has come home Gus, too,' lie rejoined good-naturedly. ' I suppose it will be all right now T' ' What on earth do you mean, Jimmy ?' turning round hastily. ' I mean, that I sup pose he and Haidee will make up blieir minds to run in double harness ; lie's not going to bolt again.' ' Oh, dear me,' fretfully ; ' Jimmy, how often, and often, have I drummed it into your head that he is not to think of Haidee now, nor she of him ; they are paupers, my good man — paupers !' ' I don't know about that,' returned Mr. Vashon sturdily. ' She has a little money, and lie has something besides his pay. I wonder how much he rides 1 ' bringing his chin to a point between a speculative finger and thumb ; ' he's a good man on a horse, and my grey would carry him. We might knock up some riding parties. I always like to give a lame dog a lift over a stile,' grinning signifi cantly. ' There will be no lifting of lame dogs in this case, if you please, Jimmy,' very decisively, ' you dreadful little match maker,' shaking her head at him, with a gesture at once of warning and reproof. ' But you know,' proceeded Mr. Vashon, unabashed, 'it was not really his1 fault ; and it was awfully hard lines about the coin ! What would you have done, if it had happened to you 1 Eh, Gussie 1' ' I should be in a padded cell, in Hanwell, my dear man !' wibh a promptitude that was quite startling. ' I think they are fond of one another still. Any way, you know she won't look at anyone else ! And she was as white as pipe clay ; looked quite queer. I do. think, my dear Gus, that you might lend a helping hand ; any way you'll wink at it, won't you 1' persuasively. ' Goodness, gracious, Jimmy !' cried his wife impatiently, ' it would - be downright sinful to do anything of the kind ! He must marry an heiress ; and she is booked for Cra ven Henburn : and now. you sentimental, foolish person, I am not going to sit up. any longGr talking nonsense ; if you encourage, them in any folly,' shaking a warning fore finger at her lord and; master, ' I shall blow up, and be found in the roof !' and with this extraordinary, and unintelligible threat, and nodding her head three times .with great signi ficance, Mrs. Vashon hastily collected her fan, and wraps, rang loudly for her Abigail, and departed ; leaving her husband to meditate at his leisure. CHAPTER XXXVII. SO THIS is kitty. A fortnight elapsed ; and as . yet Mrs. Vashon had not had an opportunity of carry ing out her benevolent intention of enacting the part of ' sister' to her cousin Miles. He had called, but she had nob been ab home, and he had declined a subsoquenb invitation to dinner — pleading a previous engagement — and now he had gone out of town. In fact, he had gone down to Maxton in answer to an imperious summons from Miss Jane, who had. a great deal to say to him, and many questions to ask with regard to Tecldy in the first place, himself in the second, and Haidee in the third. She was sternly resolved to pass him under the harrow of a searching examination. No excuse, or subterfuge, should avail hiin, he should not escape. Indeed he had no wish to escape, as it turned out ; lie was far less reticent than Haidee, and made a completely clean breast of everything to his aunt, who listened to the recital with greedy ears, and constantly re-arranged spectacles. ' Mrs. Brabazon is at the bottom of it !' she said at last, as if she were carefully summing up the evidence ; ' believe me, she has been tampering with letters ! she had set her heart on a match between Haidee and young Craven Hepburn ; and has neither conscience or scruples. Dear me, how we were all taken in in that woman !' as ? if suddenly stung by some poisonous recollection. ' Pray do not include me, Aunt Jane,' said Miles ; ' I never was ; but I scarcely think as badly of her as you do. Haidee never wrote to me ; she will have nothing to say to me, and you can scarcely wonder at it !' ' Have you seen her and spoken to her alone 1 Have you made the ainpndc honorable by word of mouth ?' demanded Miss J ane sharply. ' No, only by letter.' ' Then you must contrive bo do so ab once. Promise me bhab you will make a poinb of seeing her as you go bhrough bown,' leaning eagerly forward. ' I can easily promise you bhat. I always intended to call and say good-bye before I go abroad.' ' . ' Yes, but be sure bhat you see her alone ; half a dozen words are better than twenty letters. If you really care for her still, she will marry you yet. I'm afraid I may seem a meddling old woman, and that you will think I have no business mixing myself up in young people's love affairs; but honestly, Miles, iny heart is set on the match ! You have my very best good wishes — that is, if you are in; the same mind as before,' gravely. 'I am ; but she is not; in short, she is going to be married,' he returned with slow intensity. 'What,' half rising from her chair, ' married to whom pray ?' « xo the teliow you mencionea jusg now. ji. man with heaps of coin— Hepburn.' ' I don't believe it,' exclaimed Miss Jane, reseating herself with a kind of plunge. ' Who told you 1 Strange that I should be the last to hear of it,' with severe incredulity. ' Gussie. And besides he is always about with her in town, as I was once,' with a. rather bitter laugh. ' So you see, Aunt J ane, your good wishes musb be passed on bo him.' ' They never will !' emphatically, ' never. And Miles, you have no spirib ! Why do you nob ask her, why have you nob pub your fabe to bhe bouch, why have you been hanging back ?' To this her nephew' made no immedi ate reply, and his aunt suddenly exclaimed — ' Ah ! here is Florian in his dog-cart ! come to drive you to the sbabion. I'm sorry you have to go, but you must come back to-morrow or next day, and toll mc how you have sped with Haidee. I believe, Miles,' with increas ing tenacity of tone and gesture, 'I shall expect you the day after to-morrow. Here, you must go !' impatiently. 'I don't want Florian to - be coming in,' and with a little push she hurried her nephew out of the door, whispering one lasb hasby injunction — ' mind you see her alone.' To bhis Miles nodded impressive acquies cence, and running down bhe steps was soon rapidly driven away. (To be continued). 