MISSION AT ST. STEPHEN'S. Yesterday being Palm Sunday was observed at St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Cathedral with the impressive ceremonial ordained at the commencement of Holy Week. A mission was also commenced by the Very Rev. Father Alphonsus, superior of the Passionist Fathers of Sydney. Long before the service commenced the whole of the seating accommodation was taken up, and a little later there was barely standing room. Forms had to be placed down the aisles and even then part of the vast congregation had to stand. The cathedral was draped in purple hangings, which round the altar were embroidered with gold. The arches- episcopal chair was draped with the same regal colour. During Holy Week the altar, except on Holy Thursday, is denuded of flowers and the crucifix is veiled. Right behind the altar, on the purple drapery, are the words "Ecce ascendancy Jcrosolymam el consumabuntur omnia qua Scripta mut per prophets de Julio lominis.-Lite, xviii., 31." His Grace the Archbishop presided and the Rev. Father Canali said mass. The ceremonial of yesterday consisted of the blessing of the palms, the procession, and the reading of the history of the passion from the Gospel of St. Matthew. The blessing of the palms, designed to remind the faithful of the triumphant entry into Jerusalem, preceded mass, and consisted of several prayers, a lesson from the Book of Exodus, a portion of the Gospel of St. Matthew, a preface, and various antiphons. After this the procession, an act of homage to the Divinity of Christ, took place, the choir alternately singing " Glory, praise, and honour be to Christ, Redeemer and King." The great congregation that filled the cathedral had apparently come from all parts of the city and suburbs to hear the Passionist Father. On previous occasions one of that order had preached in the cathedral, but no mission had been conducted. The Fathers came to Australia at the invitation of his Eminence Cardinal Moran some few years ago, and settled at Marrickville, near- Sydney. They number now seven priests and two lay brothers. The Fathers have acquired recently the beautiful residence of Mr. Tait, in the diocese of Goulburn, which they intend to open in about a month as a college for the training of subjects for their congregation. Through the generosity of Alderman Hart, of Sydney, they have also acquired a piece of ground at Mossvale, in the Sydney diocese, on which they intend to build a noviciate, where study of the rule and the obligations of the future Passionist will alone be cultivated. The Fathers do no parochial work except on very special occasions, but confine themselves to missions. They live in houses out from towns and cities called " Retreats." The order was founded. by St. Paul of the Cross in 1725, to resist the corruption of life and morals, and the decay of faith and piety which took place in the last century. St. Paul of the Cross proposed and preached penance, as well as a deep and earnest meditation on the passion, death, and love of Christ for men. From his earliest years it was his constant and daily custom to withdraw himself and give some time to meditate on the sufferings of the Crucified Redeemer. He astonished Italy by his preaching and' penances. He underwent the most arduous labours, and undertook the most severe penances in the prosecution of his mission. Unsparing of himself, he devoted the day to the benefit of sinners, and he would scarcely allow himself sufficient time for any rest from this great work. After his missions he would retire with his brother to Monto Argentine, a solitary hermitage, where he would, by lasting, prayer, and penances, prepare himself for his next mission. In the midst of these labours, his biographer relates that of all the countries of the earth to which the mind of the saint used to turn it was to England. It is said that on one of these occasions he cried out, and wept for joy, as he saw in England his Fathers labouring for the spiritual welfare of that country. The Passionists have not only been labouring in England, but have attracted to their order men of rare piety, and minds truly religious and devout. Old people will remember with what enthusiasm, with what ardour, with what disdain for the dearest ties did the once devout Anglican clergyman, Father Ignatius (Spencer), travel through Great Britain and Ireland in the Passionist habit, soliciting prayers for the conversion of England." When the Hon. Charles Packenham turned his attention to religion, he did not hesitate to exchange his position in the Guards as aid-de-camp to the Queen for the humbler habit of St. Paul of the Cross. The order has now houses in England, Scotland, and Ireland, in the United States, in South America, in Spain, Germany, and throughout Italy. The headquarters of the order are in Rome, in the Church of St. John and St. Paul, in the Colin Hill. Father Alphonsus is not the least distinguished in the order, He has been Provincial for more than once, and if age has somewhat taken away from him the freshness and power of former years, it has in no way diminished his fervour and energy, as his capacity for labour at the present time is said to be equal to his best days. Immediately after the reading of the Gospel Father Alphonsus ascended the platform which had been erected near the pulpit. He wore the sombre habit of his order, and by his side stood a great mission crucifix. 123 voice, rather rich in its quality, showed no traces of age and joined to a manner at once earnest and unaffected, was deeply impressive The effect ives deepened by the venerable appearance of the preacher. Having announced the order of his mission He stated that his text would be found in the 29th and 44th verses of the 19th chapter, of St. Luke. In the course of his sermon he said that that day they commemorated the most glorious entering of the King of Heaven into the city of Jerusalem. ' That was the greatest entry that had ever been made into any city of the earth, There were no banners to wave in the air e, no trophies of bloody battles to display. There was a covered way prepared for the passage of that procession of all processions ever witnessed the most regal and royal. There was no music or instrument through which they could pom- sounds of triumph. Christ entered Jerusalem beheld by a vast congregation, who in their enthusiasm tore down from the trees branches of palms, and with their own garments spread a carpet for him to pass over. The whole city rebounded with Hosannas. Had the people not given vent to their feelings, the very Homes would have cried out at the approach of the Son of God. When the swelling waves of people increased, the Pharisees in their envy and jealousy cried out to Christ to rebuke his disciples. The time for silence had, however. gone. But amidst all this great acclamation there appeared the calamities of the future which would fall on that city and that people. He saw too the terrible scenes of four days hence. He saw before him another Jerusalem than that which he was entering. He saw a beleaguM"! city crushed down in fear and terror, and condemned to destruction. Very little power !>:<d the Hosannas over the heart of Jesus". He knows- all this outward display to be hollow and unreal. He saw before him the lofty buildings and heights of Moree, the seat of sacred, and the judgment-room of Pilate. Hut it was not his own suffering that pressed upon him, and brought tears to His eyes and, to' ! from His sacred heart. As He gazed upon the city, whose gates were more lovely than the tabernacles of Jacob, the city of prime fresh in, the city on which for so many want;, GiJ had lavished His Grace, Ho . save.- the city which had stoned the prophets, and vi J now about to sacrifice time, and fill up By tired from the full measure of its iniquity. It was . rest in the destruction of this city that he was 0. issue; it was for the souls The loved rai J v..ä me just to die for. As it was with Justice T., 0 it was with nations, families, and form. T.O was. a time in the history of each when the kingdom of God comes to them. Woe to declare Hey should reject the grace which God sent in that Supreme moment. This Palm Sunday slight be the last they would spend on earth. If their conscience was seared against the warning and promptings of divine grace, let them be assured that the signs of desolation and tii-nnd'-nmcnt were coming in the soul. If they Vt'ere in the habit of committing can without any trouble of conscience, there was no surer sign of spiritual decrepitude and decay. The kingdom of God often comes to them in mission sermons, and the many aids which the Church offers. If they felt that these great means of grace had no effect, then, indeed, they had reason to think that the signs of destruction were nk»h. Like the material temple from which Christ took his departure and uttered the memorable words, " I leave thy temple desolate," so it was he left the living soul, which was the temple of the Holy Ghost. Lest their desolate souls should be abandoned by God they should stand on their guard. They should beware of the application of this terrible desolation, and should reflect in their heart was cold and indifferent, and if the unseen realities of the invisible and eternal world had no attraction for them, they might depend that these signs of destruction were high. The shadows of evening were lengthened out, and the darkness of that night was approaching when, in our Lord's own words, man could work no longer. Therefore, whilst they could they should take heed lest the sun of their spiritual life and faith should set, and plunge them into a night upon which there was no dawn. In those solemn days the Church warned them of what was to come, and urged them to prepare their hearts to receive the grace of God. This holy week was the last in the order of time, and it should be the best God required much more from them at this time in proportion to the amount of grace they had received. Let them, therefore, for this week act on their feelings and return to God. Father Alphonsus concluded a very eloquent and pathetic appeal to his hearers and wished them a happy Easter and all the spiritual benefits of this time, which would ultimately lead them to that glorious resurrection which is beyond the dominion of either the grave or death. In the evening a vast congregation assembled to hear the Rev. Father. The cathedral was crowded to excess. Not only were all the aisles and all the available standing room taken up, but people had to have recourse to the altar. The service was again very impressive, and the preacher was listened to with a rapt attention. His test was, " The poor ye have always with you, but Me you have not." The sermon was tinged with deep earnestness and was directed to illustrating the great and inestimable worth of the human soul. The Archbishop pontificated at the benediction. The Tenebrae offices will take place on Friday, and also the devotion known as the Seven last Words. . 