THE MYSTERIOUS SHOES. — It was a- miserable night, bitterly cold and bleak. The rain was coining down in one steady continuous drizzle, defying the best of waterproofs .and the thickest of ulsters, rendering the principal thorough fares seas of mud, and the more retired ones desolate swamps. The wretched horses in tiie rare vehicles that passed reeked so with wet that as they rapidly disappeared, enveloped in clouds of steam, into the, darkness of a London night, they wore quite a mysterious and ghostly air. The very beggars mid night-prowlers were for once washed out of their usual lairs, hy cue arenes ana urmges ui uhc gican few persons business had kept out. that night strode quickly along, most of them battling with their use-, less yet obstreperous umbrellas, and' all seeming only intent on gaining, as soon as possible, the shelter of their own firesides. Certainly not a night for a sane man to be out if he could help it. Yet. there stood one, gazing earnestly into a dimly-lighted window, taking apparently but little heed of theweather. Undereven ordinary cir- cumstances it would have been impossible to pass him by unnoticed, his appearance was so out of. ,the com mon. He was tall and spare, and perhaps thirty-five years of age ; possessed a pair of dark expressive eyes,; aquiline features, and raven-black hair, which latter he wore somewhat long : this, together with his closely- shaven face, displaying every movement of his mobile mouth, proclaimed to all, the actor. . It was none other than Horatio Bellairs, whilom leading tragedian at many a provincial theatre, but: at that moment out of an engagement. In truth of late it had been often so with him. : It was a very strong inducement that had caused: Horatio Bellairs to leave his apartments in the neigh-; borhood of . Tottenham-court-road, to gaze into the dirty window of a little shop in Wyoh Street, and yet had you asked him the reason, he could scarcely have satisfied you with his answer. The previous day in passing, he had been attracted by a small placard displayed in the window of one of the oldest shops in that crazy street. It was a modest announcement enough, simply saying, " T. Bowgie, Theatrical Bootmaker," and underneath in small let ters, " A second-hand pair, scarcely used, cheap,", the whole affixed to a very nicely made pair of black;, leather stage shoes. Horatio looked, admired, walked on, and thought no more about them. However, that night in bed, do what lie would, he could dream of nothing else but that pair of second-hand shoes! He rose next morning in no very good humor from his dis turbed night, nor was his .temper at breakfast im proved by the receipt of a letter from the manager of the Royal Tliespis, to" the effect that there was no opening at that moment for a leading tragedian at his theatre— -he had just engaged the great O'Mulligan — and courteously returning him a pile of press notices recording m graceful language his provincial triumphs. Bellairs, his breakfast , finished, devoted . himself to another good study of " the last week's Era, accoiii; /panied with running commentaries— not very flattering you may be sure — on the names of the actors engaged in this or that play, when suddenly his eye lighted upon ail advertisement that had before escaped his notice : — " Wanted at once, through disappointment, ail Efficient Actor, to fill the r6le of Hamlet. Address, Manager, the Royal Colosseum Theatre, London." "At last," he thought, "the chance I have so long waited lias come. I may yet show in London what I have within ine" — and here he slapped himself across the chest, where doubtless his undigested tea and toast still laid. He put together a decently- sized rainbow- colored bundle of playbills, in which his name ap peared, together with his recently returned " notices," arrayed himself in his best, and set out to interview the manager of the Royal Colosseum. I can only say that the result of the journey was satisfactory' to Bel- , lairs ; he did see the manager, and, what is more, made him read his notices— Macready and Kean waxed pale beside them — and the manager moreover promised to let him know definitely the next morning as to the engagement. Happy Horatio f he passed the rest of the day in smartening his best wig, practising with his favorite sword, furbishing up his various properties, and de claiming with his wonted fire his most telling lines— greatly, I am afraid, to the annoyance of the first-floor lodger, a nervous man studying for the Church. By-the-by, those shoes he saw yesterday! the thought struck him, he must have them. They loQked quite new, although marked second-hand. Bellairs looked out of the window. Phew! what an evening was setting in ; on second thoughts to-morrow would do as well. Later on in the evening lie began to feel uneasy. Supposing someone else were to purchase them ; that would never do. Then he laughed to think what a serious matter he was making out of nothing. All the same he wrapped himself up and set out for the shop where we first saw him. " No mistake about it ; it is a beast of a night," thought Bellairs, with" a good mind to turn back again the first twenty yards lie walked ; but no ! something within him seemed to irresistibly impel him forward, and he determined, come what may, the night should see him owner of that pair of shoes. When Horatio got to the top of the street he felt his heart go — thump. " What if the shoes were sold since he last saw them ! " He hurried forward, peered anxiously into the little window, and joy ! there they were, in company with the boots of brigands, cavaliers, ballet-ladies, and acrobats ; in fact, boots and shoes of every conceivable kind and of the most nondescript character. " Would it look funny," he thought, "to inquire for a pair of. shoes on such a night as .this? He would pretend he was casually passing at the time " — and he opened the door and walked iii. Bellairs was quite dumbfounded the moment he entered the shop by someone saying, ' ' Good evening to you, Mr. Bellairs ; " and a little old' man came for- ward, just as though the tragedian liad been quite ex pected. Bellairs looked earnestly at' him, but was sure he had never seen the man before. As well as he could make out in the dim light of the little shop— what with his peaked nose and chin, and a pair of blinking eyes, with red lids like an owl's, over which he wore a large pair of spectacles— lie looked as much like one of the gentlemen who: conduct , Doii Juan in the last act down a trap in a blaze of red fire-as might well be. " You expected me, then ? " stammered the amazed actor. - - " Oh, yes ! " replied the bootmaker ; "for I saw you looking at. the shoes yesterday." " But how do you know my name?" gasped Horatio. "I was. told it to-day when you called at the Colosseum," was the answer ; and, at this simple solution of the apparent mystery, Bellairs heaved a sigh of relief. I "want to buy that pair ot black second-hand shoes yon have marked in the window — provided they will fit me," he added. " They will fit you, my good Sir, as though I had measured you expressly for them," answered the. little .man, with an unpleasant grin playing over his grimy .face. \- Bellairs sat dowiV in a.chair to try them on, "and, as he did so, looked; roundVibhe . room. He noticed that the portraits of actors .carefully pasted, on the walls gave the room quite a theatrical air ; but what struck him as very peculiar was the fact that the originals of the pictures were all defunct. The old man was quite right : the shoes fitted him' perfectly. " There, Mr. Bellairs," he said, " there's a fit. I am sorry I can't give them you ; but I must charge you something, if only to make the bargain." And lie emphasized the word " bargain " jnst as though the . actor, had bartered away his soul, in approved melo dramatic fashion. As the latter left the :shop, with the shoes in his pocket, the little old bootmaker! called put, " Good-night, Mr. Bellairs; I wish you success. I shall be at the Colosseum to-morrow nigh t to see you act. " And . as the door closed behind him Horatio thought, " How can he know whether I shall be en gaged or not ?" On his arrival home he took off his dripping gar ments, placed the pair of shoes carefully in a corner by the fireplace, solaced himself with a glass of some thing hot, and tumbled into bed, where he dreamed a muddled mixture of demons and shoes, and mysterious bootmakers, all through the night.' He was awoke rather early the next morning by the servant knocking at his door, for there was a letter for him. He jumped- out of bed, put on his dressing-gown, and went into the next room to read it. It proved to ..be from the manager, and he was engaged to play that evening at the Colosseum. "By Jove ! the little boot maker was right last night," lie thought, and then his eye naturally turned to the corner, where he had put the shoes overnight. Horatio turned pale. The shoes had gone ! Oh, 110 ! there they were, on the rug in fronfc'df .tiie tire,; sideby;side,:like.a'danciugmasteEm-r..., tiie first position. "I 'could have sworn X placed them . in the corner," lie muttered; and he next thought he must have mixed the whisky too Strong. He was very busy all that- day, you may be sure, rehearsing, and in the evening sallied forth to the theatre, in his heart determined to astonish the patrons of the Royal Colosseum with his innovations in the usual stage-business He dressed himself carefully, and then, as he put oil his shoes, lie wondered whether the little bootmaker would be there to see him ; drank a stiff glass of brandy to give himself courage, and went on. As soon as lie got into his shoes he was quite jolly, and caught him self humming a jig as he made his entrance on the scene. He pulled himself together, bowed his thanks , for the greeting he received, and commenced speaking his lines ; but do what he would he felt every minute how he longed for a dance. What a funny idea, he thought ; and the act finished, : , he ordered another glass of something stiff, just to steady himself. Success had quite got into his noddle. He managed to get through the next two acts somehow or another, but it required all his strength of mind to be serious ; and every time a few bars of slow music . was played to the Ghost he felt if they would only play a hornpipe how he could dance to it. " But he must remember. himself, the managerial eye was upon him," and lie thought once or twice he detected the actors even smiling at him. Bellairs fortified himself for the next act with one more brandy-and-water, for this was a favorite scene of his— where he slays Polonius. At Llough-in-the- Mud he used always bring down the house with it ; he felt more collected now. Just as he went on the stage —as if by magic— that infernal, rum-tiddy-iddy-iddy- rum-fol-lay seemed to possess him more than ever. It was as much as he could do to slay Polonius, he so longed to dance, and as soon as he had uttered his famous line, "How now ! a rat ! dead for a ducat- dead !" he fairly succumbed to his internal monition, and as though a demon possessed him commenced capering away to a hornpipe, the like of which had never been seen on any stage before. The gods in the gallery cheered him again and again, they were so delighted. The rest of the house hooted and hissed; the manager rushed on the stage and seized him; and as the curtain fell on this strange scene he distinctly saw the face of the little old boot maker grinning at him from the centre of the dress circle. It would hardly do to repeat the language the exas perated manager used to him. Explain ! How could lie explain ? The manager swore he was drunk ; and added, if that was his idea of tragedy, he had better quit the stage as a profession, or take to his evidently natural bent - low comedy. "For you are nothing better than a damned drunken dancer," he screamed. Horatio Bellairs, covered with shame and confusion, hurriedly changed his clothes, put his things in a bundle, took liis shoes in his hand, and slunk away through a crowd of jeering supers., carpenters, and scene-shifters. Outside the stage-door he was accosted by a well- known voice, saying, ' ' Ah ! Mr. Bellairs, what a suc cess !" He turned round. It was the dreadful boot maker, nearly bent double with laughter, wheezing, and blinking his eyes, and rubbing his claw-like hands with sheer delight. " Here, you villain ! Here, take your shoes back again," roared Bellairs, " and return ine my money." "Oh no ! not at all," replied the little man; " a bar gain's a bargain. I am glad to have got rid of them. I made them for poor Heely, the: stepdancer. Well, lie' couldn't pay me for them— said he had a wife and sick family— so I sued him for them, and, he'! he ! the fool went and drowned himself, and his pretty wife brought them back to me and left them in the shop, saying there had been no luck in- the house since her husband had .had them. Ah ! Ah !" And the little wretch roared, and wheezed, and danced around, as though enjoying the primest of jokes, v "You devil !". gasped Bellairs, " take the shoes;" 'and, suiting the' action to the word, he threw them after the retreating figure, hailed a passing cab, and and drove half mad to his lodgings. Once again in his roam, he felt comparatively happy. , At all events, the cursed shoes were gone for ever, and he sincerely hoped never to set eyes on the little shoemaker again. Then lie thought over the mess he had made of it at the theatre, and he sighed deeply.' Such- a chance only comes to a man once in a lifetime. " To-morrow I. shall be the laughing-stock of all tlie papers," he said ; and he sought refuge in nepenthe and the brandy-bottle. He certainly slept soundly; once more that' night ; and I know he snored a great deal. The servant in formed liim next morning that a man was waiting to see him in the hall. He moodily ordered him to be shown up. It proved to be the property-man of the Colosseum,- who, touching his forelock, said, " I was leaving the theatre last night. Sir, and stumbled across this pair of shoes ; which I recognised as belonging to you. I concluded you must have dropped them, Sir, ancl thought I would bring them round the first thing in the morning." . Poor Bellairs, his hair literally stood on end, as, inwardly cursing, he gave the unsuspecting property- man iialf-a-crown for his trouble, and dismissed him. There they were ! the damning instigators of his folly. Was he never to be rid of them ? Were they doomed to destroy him ?" he soliloquised. " Should liis life — ambitions and aspirations— be blasted by a pair of shoes? Never !" He determined they should haunt liim no more ; and, putting on his hat, and tak ing the shoes with him, he left the house for the little shop in Wych Street. He ran nearly the whole of the way, so anxious Was he, and was all out of breath when . lie arrived at the top of the street. There was quite a crowd round the old shop as he approached, and some men were putting up a hoarding there. On inquiry, they informed him that the house had fallen down in tlie night— luckily no one was inside at the time— and, as the old block was very old and crazy, they were all to be rebuilt at once. "And the little bootmaker, what had become of him ?" lie inquired. But no one knew anything about hiin excejit that he had been seen to leave theiprevious day, Saving first deposited the door-key with" a neigh bor, saying " he did not intend to return." Horatio Bellairs walked back much slower than he had started ; a vague fear seized him now, and there arose in his bosom the question how to get rid of the — the things he had in his hand ? Keep them in his possession any longer he would not. Of that he was determined, and he now held them quite gingerly, as though afraid the shoes would bite him. A cold chill overcame him, so he naturally entered the first public- house, and called for a glass of brandy hot, long, and strong, and then he had another. This seemed to give him courage, and he smiled to himself, for a brilliant idea had struck him, and he muttered, " What a fool I am never to have thought of it before ! If any inor- tal.man sees these boots again may I be ." I won't lie sure what he said ; it might have been " drowned," or something worse ; I know it commenced -with a D. t f Horatio, later in the day, might have been seen to enter a marine-store dealer's in a back street; there he cj purchased a large piece of lead, some old canvas, and j rope. He made up " the shoes" into a parcel, and walked briskly away, this time apparently in great u. spirits. . C> Horatio Bellairs walked about London all that day ; he had determined never to let those fatal shoes enter <f. his rooms again. During the time he_ frequently re- . freshed himself, and with each glass his courage rose — proportionately. About nightfall he entered a river- side public, called for one more glass, hot — with ; and, — thus fortified, he walked down a deserted wharf to the to river. Then he pulled out his . parcel, took it by the loop. "Yes, it was all right, quite heavy enough" — it was a biggish lump of lead — " he was sure." Bellairs put his hat on the quay, swung the parcel round once, twice, and — plop — it was gone. But where was Horatio Bellairs ! Alas ! he was gone too. The next morning some boatmen brought a body to shore, and, strange thing, entangled in a button of the thick overcoat was a parcel, containing a pair of stage shoes and a lump of lead. People do say that at the inquest a little okl man, very like the shoemaker, took great interest in the proceedings, but lias never been seen since.. In a few days might be read in all the newspapers tlie following obituary notice : — " On Friday last a body was found in the Thames, and identified as that of Mr. William Jones, an actor, well known in the. provinces under the pseudonym of. .'Horatio Bellairs.' The deceased had unfortunately latterly given way to habits of intemperance, and was the hero of the recent scandal at the Royal- Colosseum Theatre. He is supposed to have terminated his exisr tence whilst suffering from delirium tremens." The papers may 'say so if they please, but I cannot heln thinkincr .that there was something very uncanny about those mysterious shoes. — Herman Hall, in the Era Almanack. 