REVIEWS. FATHER DAMIEN. (1) As indicated by the title, this welcome brochure is an account of a journey as well as of Father Damien; and a prefatory note informs us that the book is partly a reproduction of articles which have appeared in the " Nineteenth Century." At first one is disposed to resent detention from the central interest of the hook by a narrative which might as well have intro- duced any other subject ; but when it is seen that Mr. Clifford took this journey with the express purpose of visiting Father Darnien, and at a time when the public interest had not been roused in the labours of the devoted priest, wo are disposed to forgive the irrelevancy. Father Damien is here Bimply the central figure of a narrative whose interest was largely medical and artistic. Mr. Clifford's practical object was to study leprosy, and introduce to Molokai what he believed to be an effectual remedy ; but as an artist he cannot but expatiate, as he goes, on prairie and Rocky Mountains, oeean and Pacific Islands, volcanoes and lakes of fire. The one tiling which should have been omitted is the reasons it pleases the author to give at the outset for remaining a Protestant. This odd procedure is obviously founded on the strangely mistaken notion that Protestants generally imagine (as the author did in his youth) all Romanists to be fools or knaves, and that the unexpected discovery of a noble Catholic like Damien might be regarded as a reason for going over to his faith. Eccentricities uko these arc, however, redeemed by the naïveté of the author, which makes the book delightfully readable apart from its central in- terest. Having occupied his first chapter with a dissertation on Romanism, American manners, and gurjun oil (his specific for leprosy), ho proceeds in Chapter II. to treat of the Hawaiians, about whom he gives from first to last much interesting information. The first missionaries (Congregationalists) came to Hawaii in 1820, and the Roman Catholics followed in 1889, the Anglicans being still later. It appears, however, that even prior to 1820 the superstitions of the natives had been broken down, probably by the influence of traders, so that when the missionaries arrived they were heartily welcomed. "The new king, with his five wives, came to call-straight out of the sea, and all undressed. The missionaries hinted that it would bo better if they wore clothes, and the next time the king called he wore a pair of silk stockings and ahat. He threw himself down on the bed, the first he had ever beheld, and rolled himself over and over on it with extreme delight." In Chapter III. Mr. Clifford proceeds to Molokai, and the reader meets the first stroke of the leper curso in the parting (generally for life) which takes place between relatives and the leprous patients who aro being carried to the secluded settlement. Coming near the landing-place on Molokai the purser pointed out Father Dnmien approaching. " Slowly moving along the hillside," writes Mr. Clifford, " I saw a dark figure with a largo straw hat. He caine rather painfully down, and sat near the water side, and we exchanged friendly signals across the waves." The frontispiece gives a portrait of the Father taken in 18G8, in which the profile is singularly and classically beautiful; but now (December, 1888) lie is "a good deal disfigured by leprosy;" "his fore- head is swollen and rigid, the eyebrows aro gone, the noso is somewhat sunk, and the ears aro greatly enlarged. His hands and face look uneven with a sort of incipient boils, and his body also shows many signs of the disease." He had been ten years in the leper settlement (having offered himself for the work in 1873) before he contracted leprosy, the first indication being the want of sensation when he chanced to scald his foot. Mr. Clifford particularises three kinds of leprosy, the scaly (that mentioned in the Bible), the anosthetio, and the tubercular. Father Damien suffered , from both of these last. Mr. Clifford's gurjun seemed to relieve him ; but by this timo he was beyond cure, though he carried on his work as before, addressing his people ns " we lepers," and accounting his fellowship in their disease as even a special privilege. For it appears that Father Damien did not roach full success with the wretched community ho sought to save until he had himsolf become a leper. Indeed a perusal of this little book-the result, be it remembered, of a porsonal visit and porsonal interviews - shows that the original act of devotion which joined his lot with that of the leper settlement, however much that may affeot the common mind, is the least of the debt which these poor souls owe to this intrepid priest. It should not bo forgotten that there are other clergymon on the island-both Catholic and Protestant - who have done what Father Damien dkl so far as the dévotement of their lives is concerned. Natural affection itself is often strong enough to make a similar sacri- fice ; for healthy wives have como with leper husbands, and healthy husbands with lepor wives, from whom they refused to be separated. But what strikes us most in the record of Father Damien is the courage, persistency, ro source, and enterprise he displayed on the island itself in the face of difficulties and oppo- sition which might have appalled the bravest. When he sot foot on Molokai the settlement seems to have been a hell upon earth. It was a saying among the lepers that there was no law in Molokai. They were badly clothed, miserably sheltered, without medicines or care of any kind, old and now cases crowded together irrespective of sex or ago under their primitivo roofs, abandoned apparently by God and man. They passed their time in playing cards nnd drinking home-made alcohol (Ki root). Their persons and clothes were filthy on account of the scarcity of water ; and the rate of mortality was so high that the place was termed a living graveyard. That name, says Father Dnmion, is no longer applicable. Setting himself to amend the fearful situation, he got medicines, food, and house timber from Honolulu, and wrought with his own hands in house making. He discovered at no great dis- tance a natural basin of good water, and got it conveyed to the village in pipes. But his most difficult task was to stop the distillation and drinking of the Ki root spirit; and here the "tide of angry resistance did not entirely turn till it became evident that the cursed disease had claimed him for its own." Physician for soul and body to others while he himself was seen to bo dying, he ultimately won the hearts of all and wrought both a physical and amoral transforma- tion. Shortly after Mr. Clifford got home the news of his friend's death arrived, of which letters from tile other missionaries give a some- what full account. Three weeks previously Damicn had written to him: "During your long travelling homewards please do not forget the narrow road. We both of us have to walk carefully so as to meet together at the home of our common and Eternal Father." He seemed, notwithstanding his creed, to expect by-and-by to meet the Protestant Clifford there. "I think," writes Clifford, "it will surprise him little when he meets men and women of other Christian bodies than that to which he belonged, Who have given their lives, as he has done, to the leprous, the foul, and the evil." Damien died, as he had lived, on a level with his beloved lepers. They had the greatest difficulty in getting him to accept a bed. " And how poorly off he was ; he who had spent so much money to relieve the lepers had so forgotten himself that he had none of the comforts and scarcely the ireces saries of life." A book which does so much to strengthen the reader for goodness should be universally read. Were it only for the closing discussion on Indian leprosy and the means to be taken for its abatement, the book is valuable. Father Damien's life and death should have power not only to *' touch thousands of souls whom he never heard of," but to " make a great nation rise to free an Empire from the plague which slew him." We should add that, while the writer does not profess to explain the manner in which leprosy is communicated, he gives conclusive proof that segregation is the only deliverance. (1) .'Father Damien; A journey from Cashmere to his home in Hawaii.** By Ed«ard Clifford. London: Macmillar and Co Brisbane: Watton, Ferrosos,and Co. ENGLISH MEN OF LETTERS-FIELDING. (2) In the limited space nt his command, Mr. Austin Dobson must have felt himself some- what hampered by the importance of his sub- ject. But bearing in mind Mr. Leslie Stephens* s recent brilliant critical studies upon the works of Fielding, a -wise discretion has been exercised by a display of moro attention to the biography than to the writings of the author of " Tom Jones." The incessant dramatic work of Fielding's early years makes the first part of the book quite a history of the stage of the early Garrick period, but with a due sense of proportion his efforts as a dramatist are not dwelt upon at length, and the way is quickly cleared for his connection with the Champion newspaper and the production of "Joseph Andrews." In Fielding's own words, " he left off writing for the stage when he ought to have begun;" but, as we owe the existence of his novels to this circumstance, it is not ono to be regretted. The original design of "Joseph Andrews," that of a satire upon Richardson's " Pamela," proved more or less a failure, but a failure from which far more has been reaped than could have been expected from the success of the author's first idea. As mere ridicule of Richardson's portrayal of " Virtue Rewarded," the work, which sketches the immortal Mrs. Slipslop and Pastor Adams, could not have lived, but as a collection of inimitable social portraits it has ever re- mained a classic and a veritable literary mine for any novelist or dramatist whose own brain happened to be barren of inventions. A work must have disadvantages, however, which has been conceived in one spirit, but carried out in another, and the experiment of Joseph Andrews was not an exception, although it led up to the more finished production of " Tom Jones." That "sorry scoundrel," as some would have him, or hero characterised by " bursts of great heart and slips in sensual mire," according to others, was responsible for perhaps the only period free from monetary care3s which distinguished the life of his his- torian. £700 was the reward of the author of this book, which has " attracted to its pages many, neither young men nor women, whom its wit finds unintelligent, and its wisdom leaves unconcerned." Finally, " Amelia" completed the triad by which Fielding's reputation is now maintained, and further exemplified the virility of that stylo upon which many novelists have since been educated. Mr. Dobson's work, now in its second edition, maintains the high character of the whole series of which it forms a part. Fielding's personal character is well drawn-his frailties find no sentimental champion, his excellencies arc described, and generously affect the reader's mind by not being too persistently driven home. Upon one occasion Fielding's publisher had made him an advance to meet the claims of an importunate tax-gatherer. Carrying it home he met a friend in even worse straits than his own, and the money changed hands. When the tax-gatherer arrived, his only reward was the answer, "Friendship has called for the money, and had it; let the collector call again." Justice, it is needlesss to say, was satisfied by a second advance from the book- seller. " But who," adds Mr. Dobson, " shall condemn the man of whom such a story can be told?" TIMBER AND ITS DISEASES. (3) Necessity will some day compel attention to the importance of forestry as a science dealing with a valuable and imperilled State asset. Time was when five-sixths of Great Britain, with an equal percentage of Northern Europe, was covered, as much of the American Con- tinent now is, with dense forest. Then the man who let daylight into the gloomy recesses of the thickets by fire and axe, was looked upon as a benefactor. That day, so for as most of Europe fit for ceroal productiveness is con- cerned, has long passed, and it íb fortunate for mankind that the rapid development of the iron industry has utilised that mineral for many purposes heretofore supposed to be de- pendent upon the fading resourcos of our forests. Australia grows a great deal of timber, yet is by no moans en- dowed with a disproportionate , Bhnre of marketable material fit for other requirements than those of rude fencing and firewood. Yet a paltry license feo invests anyone with power to cut and destroy wholesale, with no prnotical supervision as to selection of trees. Widespread and useless havoc has been wrought in the valuable cedar-growing districts of the North, in the sleeper-producing ironbark arcas, and throughout the pine forests of the colony in general. This reckless extravagance will entail its fitting penalty in duo course, and when the exigencies of paltry party politics permit, the Government of the day may, ns lins been done nearly all civilised communities, establishment a live guardianship of a fertile source of wealth indispensable to progress and comfort. The author of this work, late a fellow of Cambridge and now holding the position of Professor of Botany at the Royal Indian Engi- neering College, Cooper's Hill, speaks as one having the best authority, namoly, a basis of true scientific knowlodge of his subject with a happy knack of exposition in a popular form easily comprohended by any reader of average intelligence and acquaintance with the English tongue. Obligations are ad- mitted to Do Burg, Hartig, Norillingov, Gamble, Frank. Sorauer, Will Kimm. Hesso, and other weighty authorities, quoted or employed in the illustration of the subject matter, which occu- pies, including index, 295 folios of a work marked by typographical excellence, well fitted to convey the valuable truths set forth. Com- mencing with a lucid definition of timber as defined by its characteristics, structural fea- tures, properties, and varieties, a clmpter, iv., is devoted to an account of recent views as to the nature and action of the mechanism by which water in its popularly known form of sap is lifted from the roots to the summit of the loftiest trees and circulated through every living part of the organism like blood through the veins of the human body. This novelty, for until thus supplied no English work con- tained any account Of the mechanical phenomena in question, which provides for the passage of water at a rato of from fifty to two hundred centimetres per hour, and by which the leaves of trees are supplied so copiously that they transpire in one season quantities amounting to many times the volumo of the whole plant, alone should insure attentive study of the book, inasmuch as it presents at a glance the many opinions which have been expressed upon an abstruse subject and sums up the arguments telling for or against the most plausible. The remaining chapters of Mr. Ward's treatise deal with the diseases of timber, containing in the letterpress a careful diagnosis of the several complaints to which trees are liable, illustrated by sketches of the parts affected, the symptoms perceptible, and the fungoid growths to which mischief is mostly attributable. The merits of the work imply authority from its production by an official holding a recognised position in scientific connection with the subject of treat- ment, lucidity as evidenced in the language employed, andimpartiality in placing before the reader the varying opinions of those who have given most intelligent consideration to the problems at issue. SANT' ILARIO (4). When Mr. Andrew Lang advised the man who would fail in literature to choose Italy for the scene of his novel, he must have forgotten or excepted Mr. F. Marion Crawford. Though tor that matter Mr. Lang may claim even Mr. Crawford on his side, since this gentleman maintains that everybody but himself has failed to understand the Italian people, and has in fact made a failure in attempting to describe them. The saying is a hard one ; and without pronouncing opinion on its truthful- ness (though we are not disposed to give up our Transformations and Romolas) we think 'Sant* Ilario" would not have suffered if there had been omitted from it this railing accusation. For Mr. Craw (S) "English Mtn ot Letters," edited by John Morley. "Fielding." by Austin Dobson. Londont Macmillan 4 Co, Brisbane : Watson, Ferguson. Se Co. (3) "Timber and Some of It« Diseases: Nature Series," by H/Marshall Ward, M.A, F.B-S^ F.L.S. London: Macmillan and Co. Brisbaue: Watson, Ferguson, and Co. (4) "Sant* Ilario." By T. Marion Crawford. London, Macmillan and Co. (Macmillan'! Colonial Library). Brisbane: Watson. Fer»»«T»- and Co. ford needs no dark background of di« " paragement of others for the exhibit!T of his own merits. " Sant' llano " i« » worthy continuation of that powerful bovpI " Saracinesca," and is, in fact, an advan« upon its predecessor in almost every feature of interest and literary skill. Most of th» charon tersof " Saracinesca" reappearin " Sant' Rario » Del Ferice, indeed, and Donna Tullia nr« missed, and though the omission is larBei! compensated hy the introduction of that ra» hypocrite Montevarchi and his librarian Meschini-as marvellous a " penman" as ita famous Jim-we hope that our old friends Ferice and Tullia will reappear in the volume which obviously are yet in contemplation Mr. Crawford has laid the scene of his drama in the troublous years preceding the French Revolution of 1870. In " Saracinesca" the French troops are still supporting the Temporal Power by their occupancy of Rome ; in " Sant' llano" they have withdrawn, and Garibaldi makes his famous effort of October, 18C7 which is defeated only by the ' return of the French. The interest of the story, however, is only incidentally connected with these events ; and it is in other directions that the author evinces his power The hero of the first book is still the hero oi the second, only receiving from his father on his marriage the title of Sant1 Dario-the old prince lias over fifty loose titles lying about Two great troubles arise in the course of the narrative ; the first the jealousy which a chain of circumstances inspires in Sant' Ilario's breast touching his wife, the immaculate Corona d' Astrardente, and which stops short by a hair's breadth of the most disastrous conse- quences; and the second the claim to the Saracinesca palace and title which the cousin Giovanni (de San Giacinto) is led to make by the machinations of Prince Montevarchi and the forgeries of Meschini, discovered only when the property is being handed over. Both of those events afford our author scope for the most masterly delineation of passion and of character. Wo find it difficult, indeed, in view of the nobility oi character ascribed to Sant' llano, to reconcile ourselves to the madness of his jealousy. He should hato remembered how his betrothed had clung to him in undoubted faith when attested certificates of a prior marriago, were presented, though,to this, oddly enough, no reference is made in the narratha But perhaps our scepticism is due to out ignorance of the Italian race. Certainly, few things of the kind in literature can stand beside the presentment of the situation by our author. For the timo Sant' Ilario has utterly killed out his wife's love ; but it comes to life again when, the mistako having been discovered, he offers himself to prison as a murderer in order to sa\e his wife's protégé from shame. Fascinating, however, as is this part of the story, to the general reader oven its interest will probably be surpassed by the working out of the plot for depriving the Saracinesca of their title and estates, to which old Montevarchi is tempted hy the fact that the rival claimant has married his daughter. The characters both oi Montevarchi and his librarian are a marvel of study and delineation. But the crowning power of the writer is seen in depicting the demoralisation of Meschini after he has killed his master. The graphic word painting by which aro portrayed the emotions of the murderer, and his gradual reduction to physical and mental wreck through the use of opium and brandy, approaches the analytical power of George Eliot and the delicacy of Nathaniel Hawthorne. From such descriptions it is diffi- cult to quote within limits. Tako the following ns to the first effects of opium:-"Ho passed from one scene of splendour to another, from glory to glory, surrounded by forms of beauty, by showers of golden light in a beati- tude boyond all description. It was as though ho had suddenly become emperor of the whole universe. He floated through wondrous regions of soft colour, and strains of divine music sounded in his cars. Gentle hands carried him with an easy swaying motion to transcendent hoights, where every breath ho drew was like a draught of sparkling life. His whole being was filled^ with something which he knew was happiness, until he felt as though he could not oontain the overflowing joy. At one moment he glided beyond the clouds through a gorgeous sunset ; at another he was lying on a soft in- visible couch, looking out to the bright distance -distance that never ended, never could end, but the contemplation of which was rapture, the greater for being inexplicable. An ex- quisite new sense was in him, corresponding to no bodily instinct, but rejoicing wildly in some- thing that could not bo defined, nor understood, nor measured, but only felt." And this of its further effects by way of antidote :-" Shape- less, slimy things crawled about the floor of his room, upon his table, oven upon the sheets of his bed. Dark shadows confronted him, and changod their outlines unexpectedly. Forms rose out of the earth at his feet and towered ali at once to the top of the room, taking the ap- pearance of San Giacinto and vanishing suddenly into the air. The things ho saw came like instantaneous flashes from another and even more terrible world, disappearing at first so quickly as to make him believe them only the effects of the light and darkness, like the ghost he had seen in his coat. In the beginning there was scarcely anything alarm- ing in them, but as lie started whenever they carno, ho generally took them as a warning that ho needed moro brandy to keep him up. In the course of a day or two, however, these visions assumed more awful proportions, and ho found it impossible to escape from them except in absolute stupor." We had marked many passages from a book replete with infor- mation, sensational interest, and literary beauty, but we must forbear. Mr. Gladstone's eightieth birthday, which occurred on Sunday, 2Uth December, recalls to the London Daily Telegraph many names of "grand old men," who are still active. The Venerable Lord Costelloo, doyen of the House of Peers, is 91 ; the Earl of Albemarle, who fought as an ensign with the 14 th Foot at Water- loo, is 90 ; Lord Ebury, 88 ; Earl Grey, the Bishop of Chichester, Lord Hammond, Lord Winnmrleigh, and Visoount Templetown, each 87 ; the Duke of Cleveland and the Earl of Essex, 86 ; the Earl of Lovelaoo, Earl Sydney, Lord Denman, and Lord Tollemaohe, 84 ; the Earl of Mansfield, 83; Bishop of Worcester and Lord Clonbrock, 82 ; the Duke of Devon- shire, the Bishop of Bath and Wells, Lord Bramwell, Lord Dacre, and the Bishop of St. Alban's, 81 ; the Earl of Verulam, Lord Congleton, Lord Heytesbury and Lord Tenny- son, 80. In the House of Commons the other oc- togenarian members besides Mr. Gladstone are: General Sir George Balfour, 80; Sir Gilbert Greenall, 83 ; Mr. Isaac Holden, 82 ; Colonel O'Gorman Malton, 80; Mr. David Pugh, 83; Mr. Christopher R. M. Talbot, the " father" of the House, 80 ; and the Bight Hon. Charles Pelham Villiers, the oldest member, 87. Among the " grand old men " of science there are several, including Sir George Airy, ex-Astrono- mer-Royal, 88 ; Sir Edwin Chadwick, 89 ; S>« Richard Owen, 85; Sir George Paget, Regius Professor of Physics at Cambridge (brother oi Sir James Paget), 80; Mr. James Glaisher, the meteorologist and neronaut, SO. Greek scholar- ship claims Professor Blackie, 80. The law has Mr. Justice Manisty, 81; Sir James Bacon, ex-Vice- Chancellor, 91,- Sir Barnes Peacock, Judge of the Privy Council, 84. l»e Church, besides members of its bench, has the Rev. John Warren Haves, 90 ; the Rev. b* Brook George Bridges, 87 ; the Rev. Sir John Fluyer, 87, and several more. The Catholic Church still possess Cardinal Newman, 88, ana Archbishop Manning, 81. The Navy aM among others, Admiral Sir Provo Warns, °j Shannon and Chesapeake fame, 98 ; Adnnrw S. W. Fanshawe Martin, 88; and Admiral fcir Alexander Milne, 83; while art still retain« Mr. Sidney Cooper, R.A., 86. There are forty-four baronets over 80, with Sir Jodb Francis Davis, K.C.B., and Sir George Burns, each 94, at their head, and fi«?-«1^ knights, including Sir Edward Baines, oi Leeds, 68. Tea culture in India is making such P»P^ under improved methods and , with suitable machinery, that the planters believethatwiujw a few years India tea can be sold m Europe and America at from 6d. to 6d. per .*.*"£ planting the China teas, which sell at five times as much. 