THE GIRLS' FRIENDLY SOCIETY. I (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) | SIE,-I ask leave to reply in your columns to some accusations against the Girls' Friendly Society which have appeared in them ; and though I may wish in vain for the pen and power of good old John Bunyan, yet perhaps I may be allowed, like him, to put my thoughts into the form of an allegory or parable. I will call it THB CLIFF AND THE AMBULANCE. There aro some very dangerous Cliffs in many parts of the country of which I speak. I take one of them. It overhangs the sea at a tremendous height ¡ and the dark Caves of Ruin lie below. On the top of the Cliff, very noar the edge, lies the green meadow of Pleasure, in which for many generations young men and maidens have wandered together, and will do so for generations to come. Very very often, they both go too near the edge of . the Cliff, and when they do so it not unsoldom happens that the poor girl falls over ; but the mean betrayer, who ought to have been her guardian, walks away, proud rather than attained hi his wickedness, and actually some people in " society" shake hands with him, just as if nothing had hap- pened. Shakespeare in his day told us " It's a mad world, my masters !" And now, in this nine- teenth century, we may well repeat his words. And the young people still wander in the meadow of Pleasure ; but, alas ! many of them still persist in going too near the edge of the Cliff. Some two or three earnest women, however, banded them- selves together to try and holp their thoughtless young sisters, and warn them to beware of the Cliff of Danger. Therefore, on the other side, away from the Cliff, they made a pretty garden, full of sweet flowers, which we will call Recreation. In it they also managed to build np a lovely arbour, and the name of that arbour is Peace ; and here there is an inner I chamber, whose name is Purity. And they made friends with the young girls, and in many cases won their-hcarts ; and especially when they saw them go too near the edge they prayed for them, and often persuaded them to walk in the pleasant garden with them, and rest in the Arbour of Peace. But still as many continued to fall, these women (I do not call them Sister» of Charity, though as far as I can see they were so), these woman, I say, felt their hearts stirred within them whon they thought of the poor girls ruined and wrecked at the bottom of the Cliff; and they spoke together of the necessity «f providing an ambulance and and loving help there close to the dark Caves of Ruin. Though working quietly, they lot this thought of theirs be known, for they said, " Perhaps some rich friend may help us in this." For, alas ! women who are poor are plentiful in the world, er it would be more full of good works than it is. Now one would have thought that if people did not care to help these quiet labourers, they might at least have left them alone. But no ! an enemy protested against them ; or, I would rather say, a self-constituted would-be reformer protested against them. First he accused the women of helping the girls from wrong motives; (Oh, the rarity of Christian charity in this world !) and not content with that he also accuses them of wanting to send the harmv crirls from the Arbour of Penco over the Cliff of Danger, or at any rate into tho dark Caves of Ruin to do ambulance work for them. O most lame and impotent conclusion! O most ignorant and ridiculous accusation ! Is it likely, is it possible, that women with the love of Christ in their hearts should give such work to young girls to do, instead of either doing it themselves, or providing earnest women (not young girls) to do it for them P And not even the cleverest associate in our society, not even the energetic Secretary of the East Maitland branch herself, can possibly be at the top of the Cliff and at the foot of it at the same time. And I end my parable by trusting that some Christian people may yet be moved to help either the work of prevention on the top of the Cliff of Danger (which is the work of the Girls' Friendly Society), or the merciful work of reclama- tion and consolation near the Caves of Ruin (which is the work of a Society for Friendless Girls). And I ask any Christian friend, if they will, to send help to me or to any of our secretaries for either of these good, but totally different, objects, if they caro to help us to turn wishes and prayers into deeds. Is there not enough good work to do in this world without spending energy and time in calling others evil names, quite forgetting apparently, and certainly disobeying, the Master's command " to have love one to another" P But God reigns above, and He will help His people through ovil report I and through good report who trust in Him. As is well said by an earnest reformer (of a different sort), " I can't" is a lie on the lips that repeat *' I beliere in the Holy Ghost." Let me conclude by saying that one of the women of wham I have spoken has told me that, in ad- dition to her daily prayer for the girls in the Gar- den and Field of Pleasure, and for those unhappy ones still in the Caves of Ruin, she intends to add this-"That it may please Thee to forgive our enemies, persecutors, and slanderers, and to turn their hearts." -Yours, &c.; R. E. SELWYN, Vioe-President of the G. F. S. in Newcastle, N.S.W. 