THAT WICKED GIRL. BY GEORGE IL SIMS. : 44 That wicked gal," Mrs, Perkins called her, and realty, according to Mrs. Perkins, Mary was desperately wicked and deceitful abovo all thiugs. Mary didn't look wicked. Jf ever there was a wolf m shecp s olothiiig, always granting that Airs. Perkins was right, and that she was a wolf it was Mary. . Mrs, Perkins was the proprietress of that commodious and genteel looking double-fronted house wiiich stands in tho best position of the Marinc-purndc, Hastings, commands an ex cellent view of tho sea, aud can bo thoroughly recommended for its comfort and its cleanliness aud moderate charges; Mary is the housemaid, parlor maid, nurse maid, footman, light porter aud boots, all rolled into one. The outy portion of the household duties of which Mary has not a considerable share is the oooking. Prospect Mansion — "Mansion " is quite giving tho 44 House " and the 44 Villa " the go-b3 nowa days — has a reputation for being much affected by the elite of seaside visitors. Mrs. Perkins is very particular indeed about her lodgers, if I may apply so vulgar a term to the good lady's visitors, which is the word she generally uses herself. She has had some wonderful people occupying lier rooms at different times; and having a reputatiou for taking 44 somebodies " she ik not; crnimr tn irivi itawn.v hv tnlfinr bodies," Mrs. Perkins's drawingroom floor was once occupied for a whole fortnight by a widow lady whose brother was a lord, aud a relation of a member of tho Government, and the day that the lord called upon the widow, and when Mary— of course 44 tho wicked gal " had a dirty apron on, and had put the blackic&d; brush wrong side up across lier face when wiping a bottle fly from her brow with the back of her hand — when Mary, with dirty apron and black- leaded face, said, 44 what name, please, sir?"aud tho gentleman replied, 44 Lord St. Jones," Airs. PerKins, who was coming upstairs with her aproii full of cauliflowers to show the lady in tno diningroom, dropped the lot in her con fusion mingled with pride, and tearing hor apron olf, rushed to tho door and exclaimed with a profusion of apologies, 44 This way, my lord, allow me to show your lordship." His lordship was a short, thin little man in baggy black trousers, aud a tall lmt that had turned brown with exposure to tho weather, and he snorted and grunted a good deal while gcttnguptho stairs and said 44 " when he nearly broke his leg by falling over a dust pan with tho broom and the dust in it, which 44 that wicked gal "—just as if she had done it on purpose, dear — had left on the top stair, but he was a lord, and the old lady whom ho had come to seo was his sister, and a lord's sister was in Airs. Perkins's drawingroom, which was au honor and a uevcr-to-be-forgottcii glory to Prospect Mansion, aud all that appertained thereto. Tho lord's sister was the outy approach to 44 tho titled aristocracy" who had honored Prospect Mansion with their patronage, but there were many 41 good families," including ono stout lady with a very red face, who brought her own carriage with her — a yellow chariot, with red wheel®, which was the cuvy of all the other householders in tho terrace. Mrs. Perkins never failed to feast her eyes iiiion that vellow chariot whr-n it ntond at liar door. It showed the quality of tho visitors who selected Prospect Alausion for their temporary abode. It was truo that the horse was rather thin, and stood with his front legs at such an angle that nis front feet very nearly touched his hind feet, but that didn't tako the yellow from tho chariot, or tho red from the wheels. Airs. Perkins had also among her regular clients many clerical families, and thcro is always something intensely respectable about tho feiuule relatives of the clergy. "\Vlicn clergymen's wives or widows tako one floor iu your house it realty doesn't matter who has the other apartments. A bishop's wife in the drawingroom would neutralise even a young foreign lady with golden hair who smoked cigarettes in the diningroom. There was a J/r. Perkins at rrospcct Alausion, but he didn't matter much. Nobody ever paid tho slightest attention to him, except when ho was in the way downstairs, which he generally was. Air. Perkins was a molaucholy thin man of about forty-five. He was supposed to be in delicate health, which prevented him following any business. His one occupation in lifo was obliterating himself in his own house and keep ing the child quiet. The child was a little gir! of six, who was always with Airs. Perkins when alio was good, aud always with Air. Perkins when she was naughty, or when Mrs. Perkins luid one of her bud headaches— a state of affairs by uo means uncommon. Ycry humble, very subdued, Mr. Perkins endeavored as far as possiblo to be invisible He was afraid of everybody in the house Except Mary. Even Air. Perkins, who allowed himself to bo crushed by tho cook, and would step asido to allow the boy who came in for au hour of a morning to do tho boots to pass, plucked up spirit enough to ngrco that Alary was 44 a wicked gal." Air. Perkins had in early lifo been in service It was popularly rumored that lie had beeu n coachman, or an under gardener or something that necessitated a good deal of hat touching, for this was a habit ho could not break himself of— ho never met any of hia wife's lodgers— or shall wo say 44 visitors ?" — when ho was out, but up went iris forefinger to tho brim of his liat, and when he had no hat on, and lie met them indoors, in tho passage or on the stairs, which was not often, up went his finger to the one lock of hair that still lingered, a silent witness of what had been, on his bald and sliiny brow. In addition to Alary and Airs. Perkins and Air. Perkins, and tho little girl, tho family con tained an Irish cook of fiery temper and voluble utterance. 44 An excellent cook," said Airs Perkins, "an indefatigiblc worker— but realty, at times, (oo violent in her iauguagc to the tradespeople." Airs. Perkins confessed that tho butcher boy was a fiend to stop and assist in every strict fight of a morning, instead of bring ing the meat iu time for the middle day meals of her. visitors, but it was most unfortunate thafcthe bishop's lady should havo had her window wide open just at the time that cook was informing "tho fiend" in tho strongest words of her vocabulary that ho was a murthorin' blackguard, and calling upon the Saints to do him diro and bloodthirsty ini&ohicf.; It was in this delightful housohold that Mary Jones endeavored conscientiously to do her duty. Sho was a mild, amiable girl, who aftor living a lifo of lodging house slaveydom from the ago of 12 to the age of 25, had como to tho conclusion that what everybody said was right, and that sho must bo awfully stupid and awfully wicked. Like Topsoy, she guessed that she was born so, for bIio tried her hardest to bo good aud to please, but somehow or other the fates were against her. On tlio 17tli of'Septcmbor, 1882, a day never to be forgotten in tin: life nunale of Mary Jones, "the wicked gal " had been exceptionally wicked — all day long the lower regions had cohoed with cries of " Mary, you wicked gal, yon've been and upset the gravy on the stair carpet," "Mary, you wicked gal, do you know that you've left your dust pan on the drawing- room sofa 1" " Mary, shuro, its a Baint from heaven that ye'd be aggravatin', nnd it's tlio jniathrcss that ye're murtherin' with y e'ro wicked ways, and she as she is too. " This was a dclicato allubion on the part of tho Irish cook before missus to missus's health, and tho approaching poor Mary had gone hot and cold, and trembled as her various delinquencies wcro pointed out to her. She had wept and sniffed, and declared moro than once that sho would go and "drowned" liorsclf in the conveniently situated sea; but for all that she had gone on liitr wnrV iintfl «ho wn« (Tnntl Iwaf nttfl na „sedit, "felt rcgulary sinking and oil The evening wound up with a little dispute between cook and Mary, in which cook loudly expressed her astonishment that Mary wasn't afraid of being struck dead for telling lies ; and then, as was hercustom, Mrs. Perkins assembled her liusb&nd; and domestics for family prayer, and prayed a long prayer atMary with incidental minor prayers dropped in promiscuously for Mr. Perkins, who liad declined to go out and send the niggers away because tho little boys jeered him, a course of conduct which hod induced tho cook to say that it would bo a mercy if the ex pected little Perkins wasn't born black. Prayers over, Mrs. Perkins retired to rest, Mr. Perkins went out in tho back yard tor his even ing pipe, cook locked up tho larder, aud Mary, having made overythiuy ready for tho morning, toiled wearily up to her attic, and utterly worn out threw liorsclf on tho bed undressed aud fell fast asleep. Cook slept in the basement, and Mary occupied . this littlo attic all by herself, so there was no one to call her a wicked girl for this disorderly proceeding. How long Maiy had been asleep she didn't know, but sho woke with a Buddou start, and sitting up on tho bed, began to rub her eyo9 and wonder where she was. Somebody was knocking at tho door. "Yes, exclaimed Mary, jumping up, "what is it?" "Open the door," exclaimed cook's voice, "sure it's missus as is took bad, and ye're to go for tho doctor at once. Masther won't lavo the misthress, sho won't let him." Marv was fortunately dressed, and was down- stairs, and had her bonnet and. shawl on in a minute. She thought master might have gono at such an hour of tho night, but she thought it would bo wicked to say so, so off sho sped towards tho doctor's. The doctor's house was in darkness. She felt vory nervous about ringing him up, but she sup posed doctors didn't mind, so sho gavo a gentlo pull at tho bell which, to her horror, clanged through tho house. A window oncued abovo and a head appeared, and the voice belonging to tho head askeu what was the matter. "Please air, will you come to missus, she's took bad." 4 1 And who is your missus ?" 11 Mrs. Perkins, sir, No. Marino Parade." "All right, I'll be there directly." Bang went the window down, and Mary, de. lighted to think that sho hadn't made any mis take, or been abused for knocking a gentleman up in tho middlo of the night, came down off the doorstep and made tho best of her way towards home. When she got there she put her hand in her pocket for tho key which sho had brought with her, and to her horror failed to find it Site turned everything out of her pocket again &nd; again : sho grew hot and cold. Tho key wa9 gone ! Sho must have dropped it somewhere in the road. What should sho do ? Knock at tho door anu explain tnat bug nad lost tlio Key. JNo, alio daren't do that It would upset tho missus if Bhe hoard of it. Missus was awfully nervous of burglars, and at such a time as tho present sho mustn't bo upset. She must walk baok tho way sho had come, find look for the key. There was no ono about ; tho ohancea were that sho would find it. If she left it till the morning someone would find it, perhaps a bad character, and come and let him self in when nobody was about, and walk off with the great coats and the umbrellas, perhaps With tho teapots aud tho knives and forks. So poor Mary, feeling more wicked than sho had over felt in hor life, went back tho way sho had come, peering along tho pavement, looking into tho road, searching overywhere for tho lost latchkey. On tho way she mot tho doctor. Ho wa3 walking rapidly. Mary slipped asido, so that he Bhould not notice hor. He would get to the houso first. Thoy would wonder whore sho was. They would bo suro to want hor for some thing. If thero was any work to be dono, she Would sure to bo wanted. AVliatovor would they think had become of her? Still, she must find tho key. Her lifo would be & burden to her if sho didn't. Cook was as ner vous as missus— no ono would go to sleep in tho houso if that latchkey was lying about Hast ings. It novor occurred to tho worried and bad gered young woman that tho lock could bo altered. All bIic thought of was that sho had committod another act of outrageous wicked ness, and lost tho koy of tho house. Sho walked on rapidly, Btopning to look at everything that gleamod or glistened in the moonlight. She nicked up a hairpin, an old nail. and a pair of rusty scissors, but tho latchkey Was nowhere to bo seon. She reached tho doctor's houso, and then iier heart gave a sudden bound for joy. Thero lying on tho side of the stop was tho latchkey. She remembered pulling her handkerchief out . whilo sho was waiting for tho bell to bo answered. Sho must hava dropped tho key then. Sho seized it eagerly, sho folt inclined to kiss It and cry over it, but sho mastered hor emotion, and clutching it firmly in hor haud, wo9 pro- paring to tako to her heels and run as hard as \ she could when tho doctor's front door opened and a ghost camo out ! Yes, a ghost 1 Mary was too horrified to faint— too paralysed to shriek. A long, tall figure drosBcd in whito camo gliding out of tho door and passed quite oloso . to her. Mary shrank book against tho wall and held her breath. But as tho figuro passed her she saw that tho gho3t had a human face — a beauti ful faco — tho faco of a young woman. It glided on, across tho road, and went slowly towards tho parade. Then Mary suddenly recognised the fact that It was not a ghost. It was a young woman dressed in whito. But what on earth could a young lady be going On to tho Parade for at two o'olook in tho morning? The figure reached tho Parade, then stepped on to the beach, and went slowly down to tho fea. What was the strange young lady going to do? Mary's heart stood stilL Thoyonng woman had reached tho edge of the waves— they were rolling up and wettiug her feet. Great Heavens, the young woman was walking on i— walking into tho sea. She would bo drowned. Mnry could never think how tho sudden courage came, or what put it into her head to do what she did, instead of shrieking. But a sudden strength seemed to take posses sion of her limbs— a nervous energy surged . up in her brain. "With a little cry sho ran forward and darted across tho beach after the young woman. She was too late. Tho young woman was in the sea, the waters woro closing over her. None of us know how we should act in such a desperate moment. Mary never thought of tho danger to herself, of the lonely shore and the wido ocean, and only the stars looked down upon that death struggle. She only saw that a woman was drowning and she rushed in after her, rushed in madly, and floating form nearer her — she seized the suicide by the dress and shouted for help and dragged with all her might, struggling fiercely to keep her own feet to the ground, and her own head above the wavos. It all seemed the work of a moment, and then she was on the shore — one desperate tug and she and tho suicide lay together side by side on the beach. I She heard the sound of voices— sho sw two men leaning over her, sho heard a shout, and she knew no more until sho opened her eyes and found herself in a strange room. "Where am I?" sho said. A kind voice answered her. "You are all right." % She looked up, and recognised the doctor sho hadbennto fetch on the previous night to her missus. " Oh, dear !" sho said, " however did I come here? Let me go home, they 11 be wondering what's become of me." Then sho remembered something of what' had. happened. " The young lady," she said, ":\vas she drowned ?" "No I" said the doctor, "you saved her, .but- you musn'fc talk any moro yet awhile.. You shall know all about it presently." " . " How's missus ?" ... "As well as can be expected, ahd3o'»the baby." . ; , "That's all right," snid Mary, with a deep sigh, and then the "wicked girl"' closed her eyes and dropped off to sleep again. When Mary had quite recovered from the excitement and terror of her nisht's adventure and was able to get up, tho doctor told her all about it. The young lady she had seen coming out of his house was a young lady patient who had been staying with him aud his wifo for tho bene fit of her health. She had hadalove disappoint ment, and had given way to melancholia. No serious oonsequences wore anticipated, but it was thought advisable that she should be under the constant supervision of a medical man, so shehad been sent down with a trained nurse to the dootor's houso by her father, who was a distant relative of the doctor. The young lady had grown gradually worse, but she had done nothing which would lead to a belief that sho contemplated suicide. Tho nurse had, however, been told to watch her carefully, and had dono so. The night that the doctor was called out tho young lady was awakened by tho ringing of the bell. The nurse, who had been suffering from neuralgia, had foolishly taken an opiate to make her sleep, and tho young lady, finding herself un watched, probably rnado up her mind to escape from those she considered to be her gaolers. She must have opened the door and crept downstairs noiselessly in her uightdrcss, and walked ont into the street. t Then she saw the sea, and tho idea of suicido camo into hor poor wandering mind. lint tor Mary s l03t xaictiKoy naving orougnc her back to tho spot the young lady's body would probably have 'been fouud the next day on the beach, or perhaps picked up at sea. When Mary got baok to Prospect Mansion, missus, of course, was upstairs in bed, but cook roceived her nnd tossed her head, and said it was a nico thing for " respectable servant gals to go a roaming the street at night, and jumping into the sea, and she never heard of such things." She wanted to call Mary a "wicked gal," but sho didn't quite see liow to do it. Mr. Perkins seemed very much upsot nnd looked more scared and dazed than usual. Tho affair had made a great deal of commotion in Hastings, and peoplo called at the liouio to make inquiries about it. It had got into the napcrs, too, and this Mr. Perkins, on his wife's behalf, resented. Mrs. Perkins wasn't quite sure how her 41 visitors " would take it. She said it was just like having a murder committed in tho house. It made everybody look- up and point to her windows, anu she was sure there was a crowd hanging about outside, and if there was her drawingrooms would give notioo and her diniug- roomfl would leave. But none of these things happened. As soon as the visitors in tho houBe heard the story they nil developed a suddon desire to bo waited upon by the bravo young woman, and they kept her talking and telling them about it ovor and over again, till cook declared sho would give notice, for if that " wicked gal," Mary, stopped chatter ing and acandftl-mongeringall day long how was the work to be dono, with missus ill and master a-wanderiug about tho place and getting in tho way as though he'dbcenbrought ashore drowned himself ? Cook hadn't a logical way of nutting her ideas together, but sho made up for the lack of quality by tlio superabundance of quantity. Mary went about her work as though nothing had happened, simply grateful that sho hadn't been discharged for her carelessness in losing tho latch-key, and her wickedness in rescuing young women from tho ocean instead of hurrying hoino to wait on her missus. But instead of being punishod for hor wicked ness Bhe was rewarded. A few days after sho had rcsumod hor domestic duties, and just as sho was settling down into her old wicked habit9 of leaving tlio bucket on tho stairs, and tho dust nan on tho drawingroom sofa, and answering tho front door with a dirty apon on, and slopping tho gravy from tho joint on tho stair carpet, the doctor arrived with an old gentleman, aud re quested to Beo Mnry Jones. Mary camo up into tho hall, cook listoncd at the top of the kitohen stairs, tho missus had tho bedroom door set wido open to catoh what sho could, and mastcrhungso far over the banisters on the drawingroom floor that ho was in immi nent danger one o or twice of falling bodily into tUo hall bolow. And this is what they all heard. The old gen tleman was the father of tho young lady. To show his gratitude for Mary Jones's bravery in plunging iuto tho sea to savo the life of his un fortunate daughter ho had ccmo to make her an advantageous offer. Ho would pay into a bank for her a sum of money sufficient to enable hor to start in any little business shoohose, or if sho was engaged to bo married ho would start hor and hor hus band in a nice littlo lodging house, or any busi ness they might wish to buy. "Was Mary ongagod? Mary blushed. She wasn't exactly engngod, but she walked out whoa sho had a Sundv off. whioh wasn't often in tho season, witli the baker's young man, and somo day thoy had thought of getting married. "The bakor's young man — well, I never !" ex claimed cook on tho top of the kitchen stairs. "That' accounts for her being so long taking tlio bread in," growled Mrs. I'crkins, . as she grippcd'the curtains of hor bed, and sat upright to hear more. " Very well, my girl," replied the old. gentle man. "I leave tho rest in my friend tho doctor's hands. You understand that anythiug.in reason I can do for you.I wilL" A month afterwards " that wicked girl" mar ried the- baker's young man, and tho.young lady's father took and furnished for them a charming, little house in Hastings, where they have made an excellent beginning. Aud they have had a magnificent advertise ment to startwith, for on her wedding day the ing brfdo with the Royal Humane Society's, medal, and she became quite a local celebrity, and everybody recommends her apartments. She lias developed into quite a smart little, landlady, and the bakerVyoung man. has turned out a model husband and very handy in the house, and Mrs. Perkins never wheels her new baby past their house without noticing that there aro no cards in the window, nnd sho shrugs her shoulders and says to lier mild and still slightly dazed Mr. Perkins, "Somo people aro lucky — her husband isn't a fool — her rooms are novcr. empty, but then she owes it all to mc, for she'd never, havo been where she is if she hadn't gone : and lost the latch-key in the middle of the night ; and fancy her carrying on all that time with the baker's voung man, and uobody knowing of it. Ugh ! the wicked gal !" The Em 