TüMS MAGAZtJHM FOU AP.R1L. | ? Blackwood begins, with an account, suppoaotl to bo writton in 10-0, o£ a Homo llulo Rovolution in Scotland, Tho result o£ it ia enid to liavo boon first anarchy, und tbon a thankful roturn to tile old connection with England. Tho valuo o£ the paper na on nrgumont against Homo Rulo in Iroland if infinitésimal, for tho writer inultos out tlio Sootoh pcoplo to bo Buch mad idiots that ona cannot road his articio with eron passing credulity. Thoro is a ohatty nrtiolo on." Cricket and Golf," and two papors on "Camping-out in Toneriflb" and on /'Tho Goldfields o£ tho Transvaal " aro not to bo passod over; but tlio bost tiling ia tho magazino |at loast, tho angler will think eo-ia "A Surroy River.". In ionjinan'» JJanosine, Mr, E. dodd, who has ovidently boon routing about in old books and docu- ments, givos us soma most ourious and amusing domils about " Mirsolo Play«." Nobody eau holp smiling at such an item as "payd lorij wormos o£ conBcionoo, lCd," nnd Mr. Olodd gives many othors equally good. Thoro is also n oharming natural history nrtiolo on "Mttsio and Dancing in Nature,1' by Mr. W. H. Hudson., His thoory i« that the dancing anti einging of birds aud animals are not always duo to lovomaking, as Darwin thought, but sometimos mean moro joy fulness. Tho explanation I havo to oflor lies very much on tho surface, and ia vory simple indeed, and, Uko that of Mr. M'alhico with regard to colour and ornaments, covors tho whole of tho facts. Wo aoo that tho inferior animals, when tho conditions of lifo ure favourable, aro «ubjoct to periodical at» of gladness, affocting thorn powerfully and standing out in vivid contrast te thoir ordinary temper. And we know what this feeling is this periodic intenso elation, which oven civilised man occasionally experinuca »hen in perfect boaltb, more especially when young. Thoro uro momenta when ho ia mad with joy, when ho csnuot keop still, when hi« impulso is to sing and shout nloud and laugh at notting, lo run and leap and oxcrt himsotf in BODIO extravagant way. Among tho heavier mammalians tbo trailing is manifested in laud noises, bollowings, and '.screaming«, and in lumboring, uncouth motions, throwing up of heals, pretended panics, and ponderous mock butilos. That non' star in the litorary world, Mr, Rudyard Kipling, who at tho ago of 2d ha» already.ruade ovory ono talk about bim and wonder what will becomo o£ him, contributes a short story to Jfocmilian's Manari!«, which is us powerful and original as anything ho has WTitten. We haye, however, sonto fear that bia power and originality may bo found to lie in a vory narrow groove. There, is nothing olso really romarkablo in tho number, which, howovcr, is up to ita usual standard of moat. Nobody can complain that Temple . Bar this month lis dull. Besides tho serials lhere, ia an excollont biographical sketch of " John Kenyon," the friend of Southoy, Landor, and Sydney Smith ;' a* horrible, ghost Btory, called " Lot loose ;" a capital account of mountain climbing on tho " Aiguilla do Dru ;" and a smartly-wrilton paper .on, "Dandyism." The host tilings in tho Cornhill aro "More Circuit Notes." and "Naturo hy Night." Prom tho foruior, tho following passage in worth quoting: Sometimes prisoners confess and 'show their con- trition strangely enough. I know a-man in the Ber vioo who waa shot by uno of tho men in his company. Tho murderer bad a grudgo «gainst tho ecrgiant and mount to kill him ; but tho sergeant not appearing that morning at the butt«, the man shot the superior officer, having no sort of grudgo against him. Just beforo bo was executed bo wrote to tbo father of my poor friend to ask his forgiveness; said that be know that nothing ho could say or do could atone for such a crimo; but that if ho would only accept from him a whilo bull terrier pup that had always been to him his dearost possession, bo ahould at least die tolerably happy. Again, how odd a confession sometimes esoapoa thom, a cn du caur that a few moments earlier would havo effectually knotted tho rope. Prisoner was being tried for murder; evidonco ngalnst him purely circumstantial ; part of it, a hat found near tho scone of tho crime-an ordinary round black hat, but «worn to as tho prisoner's. Counael for the dofonco, of course, made much of tho commonness of tho hat. "You, gentlemen, no doubt each of you poiuoss such a hat, of tho most ordinary mako and shape, iioware how you condemn a fnliow-creaturo to a shameful death on such a piece of ovidence,"-and so on. bo the man was acquitted. Just as ho waa leaving tin dod:, with the most touching humility and sim- plicity he pulled his hnir and enid, " If you please, my Lord, may I 'uvo my 'ut Ï" Mr Androw gang's comments on tho pltys ef Shakespeare, with Mr. L. A Abboy's illustrations, continuo to bo a great attraction in Harper's aiaflasine, but tho artist is not as happy as usual in lllustialing tho " Morobant of Venice," A Btery of "Ulirco Indian Campaigns," by General Merritt, TJS.A,, is graphical].! tola, and in placo» quito thrilling. Deacon Pheby" is a pathotio but rather impossible story. To tho'' Newbery Homo Maganne Mr Baring Gould contributes a most interesting paper on " Rocont Discovortoa in Christian Archreology at Rome," especially in tho catacomb of St Priscilla, whero many paintings and inscriptions have lately boen found. Another good paper is one on tho ' " Jewels and Gems ' xnonuojed m Iho Bible There is not a single article o£ genoral interest in tho ¿ortm./iily Review Indeed, it is the dullest number ot tina peuodical that has over been issued Mr. Swinburno begins w tth a long criticism o£ ' James Shirley, tho last and most worthless of Elizabethan dramatisls, and even Mi, Swinbuiuo can hod little to say about him. The article is, in fact oulv amusiug by roason o£ a few truly Swin burnian centonóos Here, for example, is a tompost of allitération whioh conveys about as much moan- ing as tbo nureory rhynie concerning Peter Piper'and his "pickled peppers " - Iho absurd fanc> ot representing an old man under tho delusion that hiB youth bud been restored to bim, can only bo excelled m preposterous and irntatme; inanity of impotent invention hy the tneffablo notion of introducing a voung libertine in the heyday of impu- dent ^ igour and rampant recklessness, whom a \ irtuous voting woman, assisted by nquatntanccs of Buch ' irtua na will ignoro blows or kicks administered b\ tho subject of tho experiment, succeeds m persuading that he ie dead Mr Oswald Crawford trace» tho decline o£ the Loudon stage partly to actor managors, who do not want their Bubordmatoi to outebino them, and partly to the absence of a cultivated London audi- ence, who should know what to applaud and what to condemn " Lttoraturo, Ihon and Now, ' is the subject o£ a paper by Mrs Lynn Linton, bho thinks that now-a days our literary works show too mach hasto and too little caro too much smartness and too little loaming "We agree, but tho same thing has often bcou said before Her remarks, however, on modern songs dtservo to bo quoted - Wo havo idvls and dramas, and splendid concerted pieces like grand orchostral music, but we have no now SOURS which stir the nation's hoart Our music hall songs, like our drawing room ditties are lx neath coutosapt, and need not bo spotten of What io want aro strong, stirring, whaksonie songs, such us Dib dm wrote-Bun},« which _o down to tho tory roots of patriotism, and help even more than get orations, to keep mm faithful lo law and | country In this Uav of universal disintegration and tho Bupremacy of fads, thero aro so many who would sacrifico tho good of tbo countr) -tho mte_nty of tho empira-to soino «impracttcnblo theory that look« ltko godly justice on paper und would bo cruol wrong m practico And wo want ' koj nur up " again to the one control duty-tbo one passiouato devotion tho patriot io iovo of Lne,liahmon for Lnglind Lot them ancor us they Mill, theso milk-and-water faddists, at tho Jingo sentiment Iho ,IiuBo song was a god Bend, nnd Btruck tbo ne,hl cbr rd boldly and truly \V e want more of tbo sumo character if on nnotker topic Iho times uro ripe, the work is waiting to bo done, and a new Dibdin would bo of tricelcsa \ulue This, too vould bo a return of tbo Now to the lhon, andonowbich would do moro public (rood than o\cn tho Utting of Scott's mantle or tha gift of Ihuckomy's 1 he son¡,s of a nation both show more and sink deeper than would seem at hrst sight, I bo minds which appreciated " Dntik io -ne onl) with thino eyes," and ' Bid me to live and I will live " wcro of a different case and mould in all concerning lovo than aro those which lind pleasure in luscioua insipidit\ or censual vul_ant) Dibdin'» songs roused quit« different fool- ing« from thoso which nre touebed by " lomm> make room for jour uncle" or 'A pair of lovely black oyos," and the fact that patriotic songa aro seewtu_l> dead and dono with is m itsolf a revelation of public feoltng MIBB Clomontina Black, writing ' On Marringa," answers Mrs. Mona Caird She is sensible and puts her points woll, but thero is nothing vary striking lu her papor. Ono of ber pointa is that the higher education of women hnlps thom to happy marriages - It makes thom undoubtedly moro mdependent of marriugo and at the same ttnie raises their standard of marriage It mokes thoji unwilling to marry men distinctly inferior to them in education or understand- ing, and It also, 1 quito behove, makes them losa attractive in tbo ejes of such men In short, it diminish»! «lightly the probability of a woman's marrying at all while it dicvnisbos very greatly the probubihtv of her marrying un* Buitubl). A student of a M103' college, suniuitna: up tho gonoral result« of her education said te me,-" I don't exactly ano why learning Greek should make ono feel it impossiblo to marry a man one did not respect but it «eera« to amount to about that " 1 thought for my part that this whimsical testimony was the highest possible tributo to her collett ito training Mr W. ii". Gattio produces a formidable array of statistics to show that tbo phystquo of the English soldior is deteriorating while the physique of the Continental soldior is improving. He attri- butes this mainly to universal military service, Sir Morell Mackenzie writes with considerable passion and acrimony on " The Reform o£ the College of Surgeons." Ho want« this college to be governod on democratic principles. The Nxneteenth Century is also mnoh below par, The two papers we should piok out are those on " Justice, ' by Mr. Herbert Spencer, and on " Pro- fessor Huxley's Attacks," by Michael Flürseheim. Tho latter sliowa conclusively, we thinJr, that what- ever may be said against tbe nationalisation of land on other grounds, Professor Huxley'» arguments, . teifad t-om -t «ty htitory of. j»p«rt¡v, ara boîlda tiio question. Thon then 1. A ititagt account of n spiritnallstlo séance by Mr. Hamilton Aïdo under tho titi« of " W111 Hypnotised? " ?_? thora is a liToly paper on " Hunting at Gibraltar," by Lord Ribblesdale Also, there are two artiolú on tbo " Labour MoTomon V tho flrat o£ which, j,, Mr, li, II. Champion, déterres reading. On tho othor hand, tho Conínnporary Bene» u quito brilliant It begins with an unsigned artioli called "King and Minuter," whiob, under the form o£ an imaginary dialogue, tells the seorot storr o£ tho split botwoon the Emperor o£ Germany and Princo Bismarck. Obviously the writer, who may possibly be Count Herbert Bismarck, has a««» to mnor sources of knowlodgo. Tho following excerpt givos tbo gist of a most remarkable and u_ prccodontod contribution (tho King is'1 te finj spoakor) - " Ivow liston. I am the king, I am master, I tn tho .New lirool You d. not eos with my eye», tor do I see with yours, not, at any rate, in these mattm that wo ha\ 0 hoon discussing lately If you canut follow mo 111 them, do not oxpact mo to lum "back will you Whero you seo rashness and folly, and even I understand, destruction, I «co nothing but bold od audacious wisdom, and the making» of a moro splenlij futuro upon what-thanks very much to you, n. doitt -is a noblo past It is a now ago ' Wy empire ina its j oulh ' 1 am in my youth, and I will be its lead») rrom of old, my peoplo and its kings have bean 01s and thoy shall be ono again, with no intermediar whotaoetor Undera-nd that well ' As for my proal plan.-» ' * " Moy I ask tho date of them P" " i rom my vory boyhood-" "Your pardon, »Ir iho date of these planste», wrapping wolves in fleece«, and leading them with ri» and labor to crop tho greon herb with your Majesta nmi>ttonsil How many days old oro (hoy, thcioplau? Glvo them their right uamo- thov aro lsspulses.'' " If you please Any way, thora i» a voice that tit mo that tho conius and courage of my Houso ia m thim, and thoy shall bo pursued 1 Why, evon where you et dangor I seo safety-power ' The head,and hops of tit peoples i» lho waster of Europe "' Iho Prince did not often blench, but he bloneheäit this " Permit mo to understand," ho said, a« bj King turned proudly on his hool to take another tun across tho room, " tho head and hopo of the peoj l"j| the maslor of Lur.po ! lho people» ' " Iho Kinp; laughed aloud, but rather nervous! "Why, jo», my wise old counsellor. Road the aigi of the limes, and understand that such an one, if li stands in shoes liko mine, will havo a garrison in ever nation round about lum, whether inondly or hosUlt What now í " " Struwelpeter again ! A friendly gam«_ m ever] foreign slum ' What an inspiration ' If I am no deceived, then, I dimly seo betöre me a Napoleon ol Anarchy ' I fanciod tho rolo undesigned, bat -, sir, permit mo to say good nifckl " An aruolo on tho Swiss " Boferendum, ' by Pro- fessor Hitor, should also be read and thought ovor, Professor Licor beberes m referring laws aUKting any constitutional chango to a plebiscite, but ti does not seo that this innovation would abolish practically tho Houso of Lords. Principal Care writes on " lho Old Testament and tho Critic«, and urges us to be cautious in receiving the recent doctrines of German scholars. There is also a good article on " Tho New Watchwords of Fiction, ' by Mr Hall Caine. He thinks, and gives reasons for tho faith that is in him that the tendency is back wards towards romanticism and idealism, and that tho realism of M. Zola is only a backwater 'Ilio A'eto lUvicto is also an excdlont numb That accomplished lady who wriles unler tho nan« of " Oliro bchroinor " contributes a paper callol " Tho Sunlight Lay Across my Bod." It u a sort of apologue in tho form of a dialogue the EOSM buiog hell, and tho Deity ono of the epeaters. Wi scarcely know wl at the writer moans-theipologtu is eull unflnishod-but sbo sectus to have the con- tait between labour and capital in her mini M_ llidor Haggard and Mr. Andrew Lang Wgin a strango story called "Tho Worlds Dosin,' in which Ulysses is again sent on his wanderings, I hero aro many good thing» m the Oevhuy, especially articles on " The blaro Trade in tbs Congo Basin," on "Tho Serpent Mound of Oho" («hero some curious discororiea havo lately ban made), and on ' The Old Poetio Guild m IrolanL» kertbner s is perhaps not quito equal to its mil, but literary peoplo »ill enjoy nn artjolo oalled 'Ii ?.ho footprints of Charles Lamb," and thero is 1 striking story callod ' Lipiation." All old Oxford and Cambridge will turn witt immonso lntorost to tho articles on Oxford one Cnmbridgo rowiog, by W. H. Grenfell and B. C1 Jchmaun, which appear in tho ¿nyits/i. Illustrated, Moreover, the articles aro admirably illustrated, with news and portraits. The chiof attraction in tho Magazine of Arl ia a paper (Ulustralad), by Mrs. W. 31 Rossetti on tut portraits of the late Robert Browning The papel is a charming ono and full of personal touches, Hero, for instance, is an account of an evening spent with Browning and lenarson - \V eil do I remember that evening in 1855, at the temporary home of Mr and Mrs Brorninenear Marr leboue Cliureii, when lennyaon read aloud tua rocenllj. published podm of "Maud," and ny brother tookt sketch of him as ho »at on tho sofa with tho volun» held iii_U up to «mt his short sight. When lonny, eon had concluded, Browning- va« implored to read out his ' I ra Lippo Lippi," which, with som» little pressing, ho consented te do The contrast bolMoen tho two readors was interesting andhighlj characteristic. Iennyt>on, in his introduction to hu "Morto d'Arthur," has well describid his own elocu tion-" mouthing out his hollow o't and a's (escep that "luouthmg" asa term of di»po.-aj,úmest, »boult bo altered into some milder word)-his grand doo) AOico sua}8 onward M lth a long-dravn chant, whin some hearers might deem monotonous but which give» noblo valuo and emphasis to the uietrui! structuro «ni pauses Browning's voice, which wasat once rich an! peculiar, took much les« account of the poem as i rh} thmical wholo his delivery had more sdmity-fo that of an uctor, leyine, stress on all the light und sluuit of the composition-us touches of chiracer, its coa* versatioual point«, its characteristic give-ani- take ' Hamelin Ibe Town of tho l'tet Piper " ii another good paper, excelltntly dluitralod and artists will read with great pleasuie Mrs W 0, Symons's account of " Newhn, ana tho Nowlyn School" Ivowljn is a pretty fishing villngoin Cornwall, and tho artists who frequent it despisi studio work, and do all their punting in the opal air. " Chambers' Jeurnal " is, as usual, fun of pithy, littlo articles, and the story called " Mj Shipmit« Louise," by Mr. Clark Bussell, is certain to enthral young and old. Iho eame indefatigable desonoer ef the eoa and seamen is also eentnbatinga story to ititi« FolU, which will delight tbo by reade« of that periodical. Harper'« Ybunj People is light and hvoly, and the many Hesitations are sometimes spirited and sometimos amasar, In tlio Hoy s Own Paper the story of yustrabu life eeems sufficiently full of advontore, aid a se* tale by Jules Yerno is begun, "his time tie darra; Frenchman is about to take his compaiytouw North Polo. An article on the " ReigningFamily of Portugal " should not be passed over by ti« numorous roadors of The Lewure Hour. lathi Quwer an oxcellent story by Mrs. Despard« eon« cinded. A sormou on "Pilate," by the DIB ot Westminster, in tho Sunday al Home, is Ultu trated by an engraving of tho celebrated Tin «li terra cotta panel, representing the oaeung of lu it the foot of the oro»s. A skotoh o£ the Print c1 Wales's daily work will bo found in Casstti Magasine. We havo also to acknowledge The hn, in which thero is a biographical account of tho M Mrs. Craik._ 