ITNAHLE TO SLEE1'. There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes " I'eervbingie" in f he- Weekly Times) that the death of vouug Melluish from an o ver- do3e of chlorodyne, was the result; of an acci dent. He was in the habit of taking chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the- sleeplessness of a night or two, but that con stant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental t.hau a bodily disease. It is. one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it is a present hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off the .tongue, but it is a fear ful thing" to suffer. Think of what must he the night-life of a 111:111 who cannot sleep, yet who has the courage to refrain " from indulging ill tho dearlv-honght stupor obtained from drugs. He 3eeks his bed at midnight, and tries to coart.Kiuuiber oy redoing. He reads page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning ox the words. He turns hack and strives to fix his attention once more, .but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp Ihe meaning of the printed sentences. " He lays down the hook, puts out the light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around his house becomes endowed with language : the placid snoring of liis dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses him of some forgotton sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some fearful and impending danger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts 01 neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his eyes "tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save that he feels they are accusations, and that lie is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then perchance lie will' doze — it is not sleep — aud he will in dreams live an age of ghastly terror. He will commit murder and he condemned to death, aud when the hangman has the rope aroimd his neck; he will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that ma kes him feel clammy and sick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with aweary moan when lie learns that it is not yet five minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will he repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal mgni 01 tiL-ain, ana murine morning wui, never come. When at last the .day breaks it- brings no pleasure to him', for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rise3 sick at heart, and unrcfreslied of body. The light is something to he thankful for. however ; but the day is soon over, and the still, horrid, phantom-peopled night is to he faced again. What shail he do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is the madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that he should fly to drugs They give him at least forgetfuluess. They shut out the terrible sights. -mil closehisears to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give him refreshing slumber, but they give him the sweet oblivion of death until the morn. There are good' people, people who can sleep like a top, who are loin! iu their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleep. " They jest at scars that never felt a wound. '' Payne wrote " Home, Sweet Home, " to help to 'fill "up an opera he was nreparing, and at first it had four stanzas. The author never received anything for it, hut though the opera was a failure when played- iu Covent Garden Theatre, the song took, and over 100,000 copies were sold the first year. In two years. the pub lishers cleared over .fid, 000 by the publication, and the variations, transcriptions, and imitations have been innumerable. The melody is be lieved to lie u .Sicilian air. and Donizetti lias a variation of it in his ODera " Anna Bolena." Our Girl-).— An American paper says:— " The Australian girl is tall and slender. She lacks somewhat in complexion, hut generally she is pretty. The A'ictorian girl is decidedly good looking. The New Zealand girl iias a far better complexion than the Australian girl, and is fresher and more healthy, perhaps, for the climate is milder. She , resemb.es the English girl much more than ,sue does the Australian, and her development keeps .pace with the former. Tasmania is said to be the home of beauty, and it certainly seems to have more than its share of fair maidens. It is not at all uncommon for the Melbournian to run across to the little island for the purpose of a well- earned holiday, aud 1 picking up ' a wife." 