A NIGHT IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. Opposite the residence of my friends the (jib&cns; stood u fciuoll frame dwelling, which was the terror of Bcunvillo, for it was said to be haunted. A murder had been committed ten yenrs before, and since then the poorest labourer in the county would not take the place for a present. Beggars lmd tried to live there, and failed to secure sufficient rest to Jive upon. Tramps had been known to cliuib in at i the windows, but they climcd out of them before daylight. Not a dog would stay there. It was a genuine haunted house, Aud so, being down at my friends' for a visit, I resolved to investigate thoniniter, and declared that 1 would sleep there, at least one night— more, if necessary. " Well, Frank, you'll be sorry if'you do, 1 assure you," said Mr. Gibson. "The house is haunted," said Mrs. Gib son. "Yes, Fir — haunted," declared Hip friend of the family, who was smoking his cignr on the porch. "Sure und I suw the ghost myself, cir," said liitle Biddy, nursing tho buhy on tl« lower step. " TJtvn I'm going to sleep there to-night," I declared. "I have always wanted to see a ghost." 1 stuck to my determination. I wont to the little, empty house that night, and 1 carried thither a mattress, a blanket or so, and a revolver. It was a warm night in summer, and the little place was dry enough. I refused all company. Ghosts never appear to large parties," I snid. "If 1 need help I will fire my re volver out of the window. You'll hear that." Aud SO. half ecoldinrr linlf hinalnnrr they lei me have my way. At eleven o'clock 1 retired lo my couch , with a book and u kerosene lamp, and by midnight I had read myself to sleep. Whnt awakened me I do not know, but I suddenly set up in bed with a sense of great discomfort unon me. The lamp was burning, my book Jay where I bad dropped it, butl bad n fueling that something was iu toe room. " A trick is about to be played ; upon mc," 1 thought, and I started to my foot. Of course 1 had not undressed, ond holding my revolver in my hand, looked about hu. I saw nothing," but I heard a queer sound. It was as though people were snapping liicir fingers all about me. I could associate the sound with nothing else. It was not a crackling or a ticking, it was & positive snapping sound. Yet, some insect might hove made it. That should not discompose me. At last the sound ceased suddenly as it begun, and another took its place— a pat tering as of bate feet walking about. They went in and out of the door, upstairs arid down. I could have sworn tht such feet were pattering all about mc had 1 been ; blind ; but the moon shone brightly, Mid I went from room to room with my lamp, and saw nothing. Returning to my room I lay down again, and now a low beating began. It was as though a stick had been struck upon the floor at iutervals of two minutes. And suddenly a curious tiling linppcned. All the -bedclothes were drawu entirely off of me and tnrown into toe corner of toe room. Now for toe first time I began to feel nervous. I sprang to my feet and rushed into the entry, thinking that some one must be concealed without tlie door, with some contrivance for twitching away the blankets ; but the bouse was empty. / I went downstairs. I peeped into closets, bl explored the cellar, and 1 returned to my rooakTb&t; wns no longer empty. 'dJpop mypea ley a man. He was a rough-looking, fellow, distil &td; in Appearance, and dressed in ragged slothes. Yllis feet were bare. By bis eido xftylo.toi<fi£ stick. His eyes were open and Jturqefl fuU.iipqnme, 1 looked at liim a moment, nnd thon burst into a laugjpras I ipvelled the revolver at bis bead. "So you're the ghost," I said. "Come— you shell Jmjvc the bed for the rest of the inpht and a breakfast in the morning if you mil tell me wliat your game is." The ruffian, seeing tliat I "had the drop on him," owed up that be was one of a gang of thieves who used tlie " lmunlcd house " as a hiding-place. They frightened everybody owoy from it by their ghost- play, and'it served their purposes well. 1 kept my promise to the vagabond as to his lodging and breakfast, and tiien told my friends, the Gibsons, of my discovery. They told the authorities, nud from that time the little frame house was not haunted. 