LEONARD LINDSAY, TEEE STORY OF A BUTOANEER. BY ANGUS B. REACH. \-----. [Thin Is a tale of the last gesnentios:. aw'l, sncre book?, like tonh. hure thleir chano,. snd ntsometilmes achteve undeOerved fume, or nutter nlmerited die .aster, so " l.enaid Lindsay, the S tory of n Bnurcaneer," Ihas fallen into a very nojust fousCetful ness. The tale is one of adcenturc ; It mnaeks of sea- salt as strongly as one of 1ferryat ; it draws a ict'ure of a perished type of life :thutol as vividly as Brott himself could do; antd it tolls its atory in an English as pars and rrisp as tlatl of tobecrt I?iis teve nson. Otr anderm will have a rare literary treat in this pit "re of the days when there was o un ease with Bpai beyond the line." CHAPT R I. Of MY BOTYIOOD, I O OW fl -L.BIG ASh AWAY AT SEA, I, AN CAyRRtD TO TIm E WEST ISDtltc AOAINST 5tY WILL. It was in the fair sunlight of a May morn ing, in the year of Grace 1672, that that reat brave hip. the Golden Grove of Leith, holsted her broad sails, with many a fluttering pendant and streamer, above them, and stood proudly down the Firth of Forth, designing to reach the open ooean, not far from tile hill, well known to mariners by the nameof the Norlthl Biwick Law. On board of the Golden Grove, I, Leonard Lindsay, then in my twenty-sercond year, was, you lust know, a nailor, and I hope a bold one. My father was a fishlernmao , and, ans I may ay, his cable was my cradle. Many a rough roeeking in truth it betowed upoln me, for it was his use even before I could go alone, to carry me with him a fish ing, wrapped up, it may e, in a tattered sail, while my mother, with a creel upon her back, journoeyd through the landward towns, aund to the houses o the gentry, to sell the spoil of hook and net. 'R'e fared lihard and worked hard; for no more industrious folk lived in the fisher-town of Kirk Leslie, a pleasant and goodly spot, lying not far from the East of Neuk of Fife, than old Davie Lindsay and Jess, his wire and my mother. Many a weary night and day have come and gone since I beheld that beach whereon I was born; but I can yet shxta my eyes and see our cottage and our boat-called the " Royal Thistl"--rocking At the lee of. the long rough pier of unhewn whinstone, gathered from the wild mnuirt around, which ran into the sea and sheltered the little fisher harbour, formed by the burn of Balwearie, where it joins the waters of its black pools to the salt brine. Opposite our hou. se was a pretty green bourock, as we called it, that is to say, a little hill, mostly of girght green turf, with bunches of bent and 'loag grass, which rustled with a sharp sad 'dnnd when the cant wind blew snell, andoreeping cosily into the chimney neuk, we would listen to the roaring of the sea. Bat the bourock was oftentimes brown with nets or with wet sails stretched there to dry, and below it there lay, half-buried in the sand, old hoats, mouldering away, and mast and oars all shivered, bleaching like bI bolies in the sun and the rain. remember old Davie Lindsay my father well. BHe was a stern, big man, with a grisly grey teard, shaved but once a d enth. tNo fisher on the coast hod a surer hand for the tiller or a firmer gripe to haul aft the sheet of the Ilgail in a fresh breeze and a gathering sea. Often when we were rising and falling on theensterly swell, half-a-score miles from Kirk Leslie pier, he loved to tell me old Sworld tales and sing old-world songs of the wsea. Then would he recoant how the Rover stink the bell which good abbot Ignatius, of Aberbrothwick, caused to be placed upon the tid Bell ldk, as a guide to poor mariner ; sndhow the pirate dred the weird--that is, atiidarwimt the fate-he had prepared for himself, and lost with ship and crew on that very reef. Sometimes, too, he would drop his voice, and when I came close to him, he would speak of great monsters in the sea ; of the ocean snake, whose head Icokod up at the bridge of Stirling, and whose tail went nine times around the Bass ; of singing mermaidl who come upon the yellow sands at night, inad beguile men with their false lays, till they leave house and home, being bewitched by the glamour of elfin palaces under the brine; and, most terrible of all, of phantom ships with crews of ghosts, whllich sailors see by the pale glimmerings of the moon, when it shines through the driving stad, upon a mirk midnight and a roar ing sea. But, then, if I was fright eaed and cried, my father would straightway thange the theme, and burst out with i strong clear voice into some loud fishing song, or, what I loved better still, into some brave, ancient ballad, about the fair kingdom of Scotland, and its gallant kings and stalwart knights ; and of such, my favourite was the lay of Sir Patrick Spens, for he was both a knight and a sailor. The kin? sits in DIunfermline town, Drinking the blude-red wine. o whlre will I get a sheely chipper To sail this ship of mine : Then'up and spoke no eldern knight, Sat at the king's ridght knee, Sir Patrick Spens is the bestta ilor That ever sailed the sea. Oh, I can yet hear my father's strong voice rising over the dash of the water and the mean of the wind, as he sting the brave voyage. of Sir Patrick to Norroway, to bring home the king's daughter; but his tones would sink and grow hoarse and low, when l? chanted tie storm, and the perishing of all the fair company on the voyage home. 0\. fort) mile off Ahenleen 'Tis fifty fathoam deep, And there lies o de Sir i'atrick Spens, Wi' the Scots lords at his feet. My father's long home was also the bottom of the sea. Oeo wild March day, the coble I left Kirk Lesli pier without me. I staid at.' home- mending a dredge-net with tmy mother. The easterly liar was on the coast, that is to say, thiok cold mists aisd a keen wind. As the sun rose high so did the tempest; we could see nought sea ward, for the grey fog was out upon the water, bat every wave came white, over and over the pier, from end to end. Myv mother went to and fro, wan, nd praying" to her self; as indeed did many another fisher wife, for they had great cause. The night was awful. I sat cowering beside my mother, who was rocking herself on a settle with herapron over her head; or now and then stol down to the beach, to where men stoodwith lanterncs upon masts to show the harbour mouth to the poor folks at sea. Threo beats, with crews pale and worn, made then hand before the day; an hour after dawn our coble came tossing to the outside belt of the snurf--bnt she was bottom upwards. In a month after this, my mother and I went to her firther's, a very old mn, and a reverend elder of the kirk. He sent me to sohool to Dominie Buchanan, a learned earle, who by his own account behoved to be of the race of the great Goordie Buchanan, of whomn they tell merry tales, which surely are idle and false, for he was a severe, grave man, and handled the tawserp unmdreiflly, as his royal upil, gentle King Jamie, could in his timewmell testify. At school I was diligent, Snrid p leased niaster and friends. Aiterwnards, up to my sixteenth birthlda, I went mtch a fishing in tile boat of Saundcre Draugglefute, my maternal uncle, when de siring to see more of my country than could be desetriril in our furthest voyage s between Kirk Leslie pier and the dsep-sea fisheries at te back of the Isle of May, I made Imany soeting trips, for the space of near tivey art ln the stout brig Jean Livingetone, belongin to Kirklcdv. during which time I twice visited the :rhames and the city of Londen; plying also once ech year with a grentcargo of herrings to Antweip, in the Low Countries. Butstill I wished to see the world further from home, and to this intent preferred rather t go hon board the Golden Grove of Leitht as a common sailor than to be mate of the Jeant -i-vingstono, a promotion which was offered ni by John Swanson, sldppcr and part owner .f the brig. Tho re son of my coming to think of the Goldon Grove was, that th Jean Livingetotne having a cargo of oods fromt Yarmouith to Edinburgh, lay while they were delivored elone by the great ship, then preparing at the foot of Leith "Wynd for a voyage to Italy, and from thence to divera ports on the -oorish side of the MZediterranean sea. Now Italy wias a land wvhich I hod long wished ka behohl na being onco the seat of that great people the Romans, some knowledge of tlie poet7 and philosophy of whom, the worthy .Domonie Buchanan had not failed to instil ota me, bat which I ofttimes felt with pain to be fast fading front my mind. Indeed, I mtust tell you that it is to the exertuons of that learned man that this narrative is alto gether owing, for he, seeing, as he was pleased to say, a more congenial soil in my mind for the seals of his instructions than was presented by the other fishor.boys. took great pains to imbue toe with a love for the humaanities, which has not deserte T me entirely until this day. After much ponder ing upon my prospects, I therefore finally made up my mind to offer myself on board of the Golden Grove, which I did, and was acepted without more ado. My friends would have me pause and think of the dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and robbers of the sea; but I knew Captain John Coxon, of the Golden Grove, to be a stout and experienced seaman, and one who was readily' trusted with' rich freights-while as to freebooters, when I looked upon the array of culverins, demi-culverins. and falconets ranged upon the decks, and also the show of carmbines and patterreroes placed about the masts, with many stout fellows to man and wield them, I felt we could bid defiance to any rover who ever sailedout of Salloe. Therefore, to make a long story short, we completed our cargo, took in provisions and water, and, as has been said, on a fine May morning. I do not remember the exacti day, sailed. The wind was so fair that by even fall we saw St. Abb's Head. And hero at the outset of what was to me so adventurous a voyage, I would des scribe my captain and my shipmates, as well as the stout vessel herself, the latter being indeed a brave craft, with top-gallant fore castle and high poop, surmounted by three great lanterns; but, as the reader will shortly perceive, the Golden Grove and I soon parted company, and I never saw either her or any of her crew again. We carried the fair north wind with us all along the English coast, until prassing through the Straits of Dover, we bade fureo well to the white cliffs. 'Then in two days' time we saw upon the larboard bow great rocks which form the cape called La Hogue, in France, and passing to the westward of the island of Guernsey, sighted the little isle of Ushantt lying off the port of Brest, where the French maintain fleets and great naval stores. Hereabouts the wind changed, veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast thuat we could well discern that we were no longer in the narrow seas, but exposed to the great strength and fierceness of the Atlantic or Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, we made good progress. The breeze was not steady, but blow in squalls, making it often necessary to hand topsails, and raising great seething seas around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall on the eighth day of.our voyage, we lost sight of Ushant and entered into the great Bay of Biscay. The sea here runs exceedingly high, tumbling into the shore in great ridges of blue water; bat with a stout ship, well manned, the nature of the waves is not so dangerous as that of the short, boiling surg"e in the North Sea. And now I come to the accident which so sadly deter mined my lot for many a day. On the morning of either the 13th or the 14th May the weathei was squally and un settled, and the sea irregular and high. About 8 o'clock, looking forth to windward, I saw a great blackness in the sky, whiuh I took to be the prelude of a gust of no common strength. At the same moment the mate of the watch ordered the topmes aloft to hand the topsails, we carrying at the moment no higher canvas. My station was upon the leeward fore-topsail yardarm, and as I clung by the manropes to the great creaking pieces of,timber, grasping the fluttering canvas of the sail, Ithoteght.I had never seen a finer sight than the great rolling ship below, wallowing and labouring in the white foaming seas, which would sometimes strike her and pour neavy masses of cleargreen water in a flood over the decks. When we were securing the sail, the motion aloft was very great, we being violently swang from side to side in such wise as might well make giddy i'cn the grizzled head of an old mariner. Meantime, the gust to windward was coming fast; the blackness increased, and a rushing sound, as of the chariot wheels of a host, rose above the rude clamour of the sea. Then, amid great showers of flying brine, which it drove be fore it, the fierce wind struck the Golden Grove bodily over upon her side. At the same instant I heard a hoarse voice below summoning the men from the yards down upon deck; but as I was about to obey, the tempest grew terrible. There were great clouds of mist above me, through which I could see nought below bat the white patches of waves breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly the canvas, which had not been quite secured, was torn open, as it were, with a loud screech by the wind, and flapped and banged so that I felt the very mast shake and quiver violently, while I received rude blows from the loose and flying ropes, insomuch as, being half blined by that and the pelting of the brine, I shut my eyes, and bending down my head grasped the ya ftiritly in my arms. I might have remained thus three or four seconds,when Iheardtheloudhowlof the wind suddenly in creaoseto a sort of eldritch scream. In a moment, the mast gave two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and itrame diately a crashing of wood. Then, still clin,g. ing to the yard, I washurried with a mighty rush'through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all gurgling over my head, and I knew at the same time that the Golden Grove had carried away her fore-topmast, and I was overboaid in the boiling sea. By instinct, I suppose, I struggled to climb upon the floating wreck so as to get anm head and shonlders above water. Then I saw that I was alone in my misery. I have said that my station was at the outer end of the yard, and I conceive that my shipmates must have gained the top, and from thence, I hloped, the deck. But as for me, I saw nought but speedy drowning for my fate. The seas ruse in great foaming peaks and pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of the waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy cloutds passed swiftly, torn by the squall ; but the pitclhy darkness which showed where its strength lay, was far down to leeward, and looking therent as I rose upon a higher sea thlan common, I faintly descried the ship in a crippled plight, but having mnnaged to put her helm up so as to scud before the storm. She was already near a league away,. and leaving me fast, so that the bitternc.so of death rose up in my very heart. For a moment I thlought I might as well die at once, and letting go my hold of the spars, I allowed myself to sink backward into the sea. But God has wisely made man to love life with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death as with a grim enemy. Therefore, as the water closed above me, and I felt suffocating, I could not holp making a struggle, which soon replaccd me on my desolate seat on the floating wreck. I looked at the spars, and saw that the topmast had broken only about a foot beneath the place to which the yard had been lowered. Nearly tihe whole of the foretop and the top-gollant masts of the Golden Grove, with tie frag mnents of the forotopsail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore in the sea. I clambered in from the end of the yard, and took utp my position where the mast and it crossvd each other; making myself fast therete with one of the numerouns ends of broken rope which anlounded, and for near an hour satdismalandalmostbroklen-hearted, un heedful of how the waves tossed ane to und fro, or how tlhey sometimes burst over and almost stifled me. I was somewhat roused by a feeling of warmth, and looking abroad n-w that thie clouds had broken, and tthat tihe s'n was shlining brightly on the sea. T?ho winl was also abated, and thie wraves not cormbing so violently, I was more tt ense. Then I heard that terrible sound- the souud of the sea alone-which no one Ihas listened to savo heI who has swtuna far from any vessel, or who, like myiself, has clung tona driving spar. On the beach you hear the surf, where the waves burst upon rock or sand; on shipboard you hear the daslning of the billows on counter and prow; and, above them all, the sigh of the wind and the groaning of the timbers and masts. But to hear the sea alone, you must be alone upon the sea. I will tell you of the noise: it is as of a great multitudinous hiss, rislng universally about you-the buzz of the fermenting and yeasty waves. There are no deep, hollow rumblings. Except for that hissing, seething sound, the great billows rise and sink in silence: and you look over it tumbling waste of blue or green water, all laced and dashed, and variegated with a thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of white glancinw froth, which embroider as it were with lace, the dark masses of heaving and falling ocean. Hearing this sound, and seeinr this sight, I tossed until the sun got highand warm. I felt no very p:ignant aeguish, for my soul was clothed, as it were, in a species of lethargy-the livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, but thoughts and tongue would grow benumbed together. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. 1 heard a sharp little dash in the water, and a soft quackle, as of a sea-fowl. Looking up, I descried beside me two ducks of that species which we, in the scottish seas, nalled mar rots; they are white on the breast and noeck, and brown above, and have very bright, glancing, yellow eyes. Moreover, they dive, and.use thuir short wings under water, as other fowls do theirs in flying. By the appearance of these creatures I knew that land was, at furthest, within two days' sail. Thore-tilting gayly over enoah sea-they swam for hours, seeming to look at me ; sometimes they would dive, but they never wont far from the wreck, always coining up and riding head to wind, with their keen yellow eyes fixed, as I thought, upon the poor drowning mariner. They seemed tame and fearless--for, indeed, what should they dread from me ? Once, in a sort of melancholy mirth, I raised my arm threateningly, but they stirred neither wing nor log to Itee, lifting over sons which would make a great nans- of-war work and groan to her very keel, bat which these feathered ships, built by God, could outride without a film of down being washed aside from their white breasts. The sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend the westerly skies, and the afternoon was fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a summer breeze. Sometimes when on the crest of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought save* the bright horizon, against which the sharp ogtlines of the waves rose and fell in varying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned myself to death, and, covering my face with my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than sung inwardly to myself, many verses of psalms, which, when I was but a little child, I had repeated at my mother's knee. MLeautime, I began to feel a stiffen ing and a heavy drowsiness over all my limbs and upon my soul. When I opened my eyes the heaving waters turned into divers colours before my sight, so that I ksew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was de paiting. Howbeit. a holy tranquility came down upon me. The blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw-but dimly-the grcen bourock and the sweet, soft vawarded links of the Balweario burn, with the brown herring nets drying on the windy grass. The place seemed holy and still; the sun was hot, and none were stirring, and presently I knew it was a summer Sabbath day, for trom out the open windows of the grey old kirk there cameno a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, as it were, in my brain, the voices of the congregation, as they sang In Judah's land God ls well known, Hia name in I?Iel's great, Is Salem is his tabernacle, In Zion is His seat. After this, there came on me silence and darkness, I having gradually fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rude shocks and pulls, and a confused clamour of voices. Opening my oyes with effort, I saw surging upon the broken water, close to the spars, a ship's boat with men, oneo of whom-he who rowed the 'boat oar-had grasped the collar of my sea doublet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort he succeeded, ere I could well make out whereabouts I was. Attho samoe timesoveralvoices asked, in two different languages, what was my name and country, and how I came there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the one being Frenoh and the other Low Dutch, of which I had heard and picked up somewhat in my several voyages up the river Scheldt to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster my senses, replied truthfully that m7 name was Leonard Lindsay-that I was a Scotsman, a mariner of the ship Golden Grove, of Leith, where from I bad fallen overboard, the spar to which I clung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempostuous weather. At this they consulted in a low tone amongst themselves. They were all seafaring meno, mostly very swarthy, and tanned by the sun and the wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold earirngs, which glanced amid their greasy curls. Only two were fair and blue-eyed- namely, the men who first addressed me in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a brief time beside the spars, and seeming to consult as to whether they were worthy to be made a prize of, they decided in the negative, and dipping their oars into the water, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching the run of .the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In the meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of th; boat, and looking over the bows, saw, not more than a third of a mile from us, a bark, which appeared to be both small and frail to con tend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new and strange to me, for she carried two masts, both very stout and short, and above them were two great supple yards, upon which was spread a good show of canvas, each sail being of that trinngular form, called by the seamen who use them, lateen. In fine, the ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean coast of France, and was of the class named feluccas. It was necessari'y to approach the vessel with great caution, inasmuch as she rolled andsurged excessively. We therefore came slowly up, under her lee quarter, and a mani, of very dark complexion, and the fieryost eyes I ever saw, jumped up upou the gun wale, and hailed the boat in French, but talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown on board, it was made fast to me, and without more ado, I was soused into the sea, andl dragged on board the felnucca, where I lay panting on the deck, while the creow-s-very wild and fierce-looking sailors-amused them selves with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, the nui who had hailed the boat, and who seemed to have great authority on board, came up to me, and putting the rest aside, said more deliberately than before, but still in French, and with a peculiar acent "You are not, then, a Spaniard " I mustered my few words of French, and answered, that-" I, was not, but a Scots man." Without more ado, he stooped overj me, and searched my pockets. They contained some small English coins, being groats and silver pennies, and also a letter, whicl Captain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone, ha written to me to Leith. The sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for he spoke a few words in a kinder tone to those about him, and presentlyleaving me, a man dressed im a tarnished liver', like a lackey, brought me a great cup of hot dis tilled waters, which I greclilysowallowed, and found myself comforted and refreshed. Being, however, much exhausted from the length of time which I had passed in the water, 1 laid me down upon a heap of sails in the forecastle, and being takeion but little notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for my deliverance, and began to drop off to sloeep. Only beforehand, like a sailor, I observed the course of the ship. The wind being westerly, and she being close-]auled, and labouring heavily to windward, I deemed, and with truth, that her destination must be across the Atlanutic. But whithersoever she went, with my then tfeeclirngs, mattered little. I was saved from an early deathb, and grate. ful for my escape, I fell into a deep and dreamless sleep. When I wakened it was dark night, and the first watch was set. As tie wind, how oever, was now very steady, and the sea not only lower but regular, the men were mostly lying and dozing about the deck, except he that conned and he that steered. Scin m stirring, a sailor prosmtly coame tmo wae b a lantern in his hand, and, to my great joy, addressel me in English, asking me from from whence I came, and the partioulars of my disaster. Having shortly informed him, I requestedl that he would tell nme what the ship was which had rescued me, and what manner of treatment I might expect at the hands of the captain and crew. At first, he made as if ihe would put off talking of these matters, but as 1 was importunate, housked moin turn, whether I had not heard of the great association of mean of all nations, but prineipally Eniglishmen, French men, and Hlollanders, w?ho carried on a con stunt warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of the West, Indies, and along the coast of Darien, sometimes even crossing that narrow neck of land, and deseoonding with fire and sword upon JPanama and other towns of the South Sea. T' this I replied, that certainly I had healrd of these companies, but onlyvery partially and nothing distinctly, that they were, I suppose, the adventurers called 'libustiers or Buccaneers, and more anoiently the "Brethren of the Coast." aMy neow friend made answer moodily, that I should most probably have ample means of learning more of these Freebootors ere Iputmy foot on British ground again-" That is," says he, " after you lhave either escaped or served your time."' Theso phrases naturally threw me into great trouble, and I earnestly asked what he signified by them. Why," he replied, "that you will be sold as an apprentice, or in other words, as a slave, to the French West India Company, in the Isle of Tortugas, on the northern coast of lIispaniola,, whither we are bound." At these words 'I grow sick at heart. " Botter," Isaid, "to Iluroallowed mo drown in that sea than to have rescued me only to sell me into slavery." ' Not so," answered my companion, some thing sternly. "You are young, and have a thousand hopes before you. The hand that •miracnlously'.proserved you this day is over stretched out In wisdom and mercy, readier to help than to chastise." i'ro mia co?esaceS.) 