Favoured by Fortune. -BY WEBDNA YELNAH. The' Seaiveed Frolic Club was again in session, or to be precise, had been; for now the formal business was concluded for the evening;'and the Frolics were settling down to enjoy themselves. The two beautiful daughters of the host had entered and ensconsed themselves in their customary posi tion behind the bar. There were several of our old friends present, and, as usual, they.were thirsty and clamorous for iced drinks. And no wonder, for the evening was hot and sultry, without a breath of wind to temper it. " Well, Nat, old party, I see you still per sist in giving that old pirate, Randle Rauncelot, sixpence for a thimblefull of lime-juice. You are a blessed gummy ; you should drink whisky like this respectable member or society," said Earnest. Rondell, chaffingly." Nat bowed gravely, 'and the others laughed. "Oh, by the way, Earnest, that reminds me you haven't yet entertained us by recit ing some of your adventures, as you promised on the night you wormed that story out of our teetotal friend. You have now the time and opportunity; therefore, you will kindly oblige us with a fairy tale. What says the meeting ? " "The meeting unanimously agrees that, if he don't do as he has been done by," answered Nat O'Brien, "he'll be reinarkably lucky if he isn't pitched over the pier." " Not to-night, old friends," said the sailor, laughing, "I have a really bad cold, and would be unable to articulate long before I had finished;: so you must excuse me to night. However, let someone else do the spouting now; and I'll promise faithfully to have a yarn, in sea- going condition, ready for the next meeting. Come, most of you have had a varied'career, let some one act as my sub stitute to-night." "On the condition you mention," said Randle, " we'll excuse you; mind you don't backslide, .'or there'll be a funeral in your family I Some gentleman will please volun teer." "I've been thinking, Mr. President," said Nay O'Brien, rising from his seat, "that a 'recital of how you succeeded in getting your first novel published would'interest the Frolicers. 'Tis so very seldom an Australian becomes a literary light, that one of the favored few is almost certain to have some entertaining remiiniscences. As far as you are concerned, I have heard your experience almost touches the romantic.' The president smiled complacently. "You are 'mistaken, Nat:; - my experience was almost commonplace," he replied ; "so, if you don't feel inclined for one of my creations, I'll be as silent as the dumb. I refuse to bore and be bored-you must excuse me." The eldest Miss Rauncelot quietly slipped out of the room, with an'amused smile' play ing about her pretty lips, leaving them per suading her father to tell his story. In a few minutes she returned, holding in her hand a bundle of manuscript. ~ "Now, lads," protested Randle, "you should know by this that-it is little use try ing to force me. When I have made up my, mind, it can't be shaken." I'm determined not to satisfy you to-night." "Yes, gentlemen, papa is right, you'll get no story from 'him: to-night," interrupted Katie Raunicelot, smiling sweetly; "but, if you will accept me as his deputy, I'll endeavour ' to interest you. Perhaps you are aware that I have an ambition to follow his footsteps, and make a name in literary circles. ' This is the manuscript.of a story which I wrote, in tending to send it to one of the magazines. Should you favour me with permission and attention, I submit it to you:for' criticism." "Bravo, young lady I" shouted the sailor. "Silence on' the main deck,' you.' lubbers. Let us hear the captain's pretty lass pipe sweetly her charming t li.' "Thank you, Captain `Rondell," smiled Katie, "for your conplimentary speech; but you are premature. in calling my story charming before you have even heard it.". "Anything written by so charming a domisel could not help being beautiful," answored the gallant sailor. "Well before I commence papa must promise not to interrupt whatever he hears.". "I'll not interrupt; but, Kate, have you been writing treason that you should fear my intervention ?" "Not quite; but I thought it well to be certain." "I promise, then, to be silent." " Without stipulations .i" " Certainly." " Very well, I will commence. But;,gentle men, remember this is my first effort, and, therefore, be merciful, andjdon'tk be scathing ua your criticism." . She then unroled the manuscript and begun: FAVOURED BY FORTUNE. When Andle Auncelot just conceived the idea that he was marked by fame to shine in the literary world, there was much laughter at his expense. Hdewas then but ten years, and spentmost of his.pocket-money on blood thirsty books abounding in pirates, bandits, highwaymen, and similar heroes of boyhood. 'Being a precocious youngster, he noticed the similarity , in most of the tales. He grasped the brilliant:idea:o ocutting a chapter out of" Billy, the Black Pirate," and another from "The Gory Hand," "The Black Flag," and other cheerful narratives," dovetailing them together, and so constructing a'tale of his own 'which would assuredly bring him fame and fortune. This wasn't a bad idea, and has been con ceived and acted upon by others older than She; but, of course, at that -period, he was too young to understand anything about the Copyright Act, and was greatly disappointed by his parents refusing to, let him 'leave school and set to work at once. And conse quently, this literary enthusiast was, for the time being, baulked. He was unlike most other boys; he didn't care for football, andhe detested cricket. He would mope about the fields and bask amongst the flowers aind-in the sunshine, dreaming of the glorious future that awaited him. And so his schooldays passed, and he took his place in the work-a-day world. But the prosaic employment he had was uncon genial to his ambitious soul.' He would dream and idle away his time from morning to night, speculating on what awaited him. It was not always that he put his trust in literature; indeed, his "-irlier ecnthusiasm had almost been extinguished, when an event occurred, in his seventeenth year, which resurrected it into active existence. This was the publication of a shilling shocker in Mel bourne, which made a name and fortune for the author. Andle had, shortly before this, become acquainted ~with another youth of. similar ambitions and temperament. This youth was employed by a house and land agent in one of the suburbs; and, as his master was mostly always away from his business, he had plenty of time to himself. Both of the boyE, for they were nothing else, read the book referred to ; and, 'one day criticising its merits and demerits, our hero proposed that they should collaborate and produce a novel which, they calculated, would about set the world on fire. They'set to work and wrote half-a-dozen chapters without having agreed on all points of their plot.: At this spot they resolved to go into details. The story was to have been called The Flinders-street Tragedy, and was founded on the muurder of a tea merchant. However, they disagreed about the object, which was to put the detectives on the track. One wished it to be a button found on the floor; while the other was determined to have nothing but a curiously engraved shirt stud and a kid glove left behind by the murderer. So this great novel came to an untimely end; and the authors drifted apart. Two years passed away, and they could see, in powerful mirrors, the embryo down, which was to blossom shortly into a magnifi cent moustache. Elevated by the dignity brought by shaving, Andle was one day walk ing about the town, ruminating, as usual, over the chances he had of prohibiting fickle dame fortune, when lie ran across his one time partner. After some uninteresting conversa tion, this friend pulled a copy of a new paper from his pocket, and pointed to a notice in one of the columns. This was as follows: " The proprietors of The IVeekly Windbag have much pleasure in announcing that, in prder to encourage the literary tastes of young Australia, they have resolved to give prizes amounting to £25 to the authors of the best five stories of three thousand words, sent in before a certain date. The prizes will be: £10 10s., £7 10s.. £3 '10s. £2, and £1 10s., and will be awarded by the readers of the lVeekly WTindbag. Twenty-five of those sent in will be chosen by the editor, and published one each week until finished. A coupon will be issued at the end of each, month, bearing the titles of the four last stories published, which the subscribers are requested to cut out and forward to the editor, with the stories, ii their opinion, containing the least merit, erased; £2 2s. will be presented to whoever gueses nearest to the votes received by the winner." Our aspiriant resolved to make a bold bid for the booty, and he wrote and forwarded his conceptions hoping that, at least, they would be chosen- amongst the best. The competition opened, and one of the first published was Randle's, and later on his friends's appeared in print.' With two legs in they appeared to have a splendid show, as those opposed to them were not altogether first- class ; and, consequently, in imagina tion, they grasped the major amounts, and were happy. But, alas ! and alack I " The bestlaid plans of men and mice gang aglee." The lVcekly 1Vindbag was not the success the proprietors imagined it would be; and when all looked bright, Randle and his friend awoke one morning to find their airy castles tumbling about their ears. The'-Veekly lZindbag'was no more I R.I:P, There was gnashing of teeth and lamentations galore; but their regrets were useless, and, therefore, were soon discontinued. But, being an optimist, Randle resolved not to be discouraged at this failure; his story bad seen the light and that was a con solation; albeit a small one. He wrote a few other sketches,' and forwarded them to different, magazines to see if he had really any talent. Without exception they were accepted and published ; but he received little remuneration in return. He kept on writing, however, hoping for better luck. His relatives considered' him a species of mild lunatic, and showed this opinion pretty plainly. But their sneers only spurred him on; he resolved to conquer or die. He was -consoled by the reflection that many a world famous writer had riot been so fortunate with their earlier efforts ; so he persevered. When he had reached twenty years, lie wrote a story in six chapters, and prior to sending it to the editor, he submitted it to a literary gentleman from England with whom he had scraped acquaintance. This gentle man kindly pointed out the defects in com position'; and then concluded thus : " Look here, old man, I find that you have been 'wastitig better plots than those in vented by many English writers of repute. Take my advice, and retain this until you Shave had a little more experience, then re write it in novel form, and submit it to a publisher. - -If this plot is your own, it is really- excellent;,for an Anstralian. In 12 months you will'have rubbed the crudeness from your style; then do as I advise, and if you can't find a publisher in Australia, bring it to England, aad I'll do the best I can for you. "- - As may be imagined, Andle was very thankful for the chance which threw him in the path of this kind gentleman. He kept on practicing and at the end of a year set to work on his novel. He had not much time to devote to it; but evecy moment hlie could snatch from his ordinary avocations was spent on the important work. Often he sat late into the night, with his body shivering with cold, and a horrible pain in his neck, until-the pen dropped:from his fingers. } But at last il wasifiinished, and perused several times to discover possible mis takes. Then ie. submitted it to a pub lisher with an anxlius heart. It was re turned with:'a cirt note to say that it was only fit for burning. Discouraged, but not to despair, Randle hawked it abbut from office' to office, only-r. to -meet with non success ; ho one would even look at it. The remembrance "of his English friend cheered him, howover, and he resolved to go to England.. . .. He had no nioniey himself, and his friends refused to lend hint any for such purposes. The thought that he was crazy was more deeply planted in their minds, and they almost maddened himby their sceptical illusions. He spent another 12 months try iig to save enough for his passage money; but he might have dug and delved until his hairs become grey, had it not been for a lucky; meeting with the aspirant before referred to. He had, meanwhile, become a journalist, and was contented. In his official capacity he had learned what he termed "a good thing " for the Melbourne Cup,-to be run next week, and obligingly imparted the'information to Randle. 'Here was a chance, but apoor one, and he was'.'exceedingly chary of risking a portion of his savings; but at length he in. vested. The race was run, and on settling day he had the satisfaction of handling over a hundred pounds. Now he had enough to take him to London, and maintain him there for a time. In a week he was being carried over the:blue waters to London; that city of seething crime, wealth, virtue, and beauty I Landing there he hunted about for his friend; but found, to his grief, that he had become a -victim to bronchitis the previous week. .- Here was a disappointment; but he submitted his manuscript to firms innumer able, of all classes and character, only to have it 'retuined with polite replies; which nevertheless meant, "N: o Australiarsl need apply." - . To' make matters worse, one Saturday night he went into an hotel and was there fleeced of every pelny hlie possessed. There be was, atlast, in. a strange city, wit?out money or friends, unable. to get suitable employment, and with no hope for the future. Starvation stared him in the face; he knew not which way to turn; in all directions he saw the same unfriendly, unsympathetic outlook. Next day he was too dejected to attend divine service, so he wandered down to the docks. They were almost deserted, and as he watched the slimy waters eddying around the ships, the thought crossed his mind that one plunge would obliterate all his troubles. Walking twenty yards ahead was a portly, well-satisfied old gentleman, who swaggered along evidently at peace with his conscience and the world at large. This was Mr., Opu lent, senior partner in the firm of Opulent, Moneybags and Lucre, the eminent pub lisliers. As he blew prodigious puffs from his scented cigar, he smiled comnplacehtly over the reflection that he had made a thou sand times as much as the author on the last novel published. Suddenly a dock labourer came around a corner, warbling the latest music hall success. He was a socialist, and had been imrlibing pretty freely, and had spent all his coin. Seeing the well-dressed figure of Mr. Opulent in front of him, he resolved to show his contempt for capital by upsetting its representative present. Mr. Opulent watched the wreathing curls of smoke, utterly uncon scious of danger, but was presently made aware of it. by having the coal blackened docker bump up against him violently. He turned round and called the docker a nasty njame,-which so enraged that worthy that he again repeated his previous manoeuvre, this time so forcibly that the publisher tripped over a cable, and was precipitated into the foul water. Down, down he went, with lights sparkling in his eyes, and a horrible sensa tion of choking in his throat. Thoughts of his avaricious iniquity when dealing with authors flashed vividly before him, and he regretted with a fierce regret; but too late. Already his eyes were protruding from his head, arid he had an almost unconquerable inclination to open his mouth and gasp for breath, although he well knew he would then be at the mercy of the waters. Just as he felt exhausted he felt a strong hand grasp his coat collar, and he was borne swiftly to the surface. Then,, like most drowning people, he clung desperately to his rescuer, and so retarded his efforts. Time and again they descended below the water, each cling ing to the other with an .energy born of despair. Once more they came to the upper world, and their heads bumped against the keel of a boat which had been sent to their rescue from an adjacent ship. In a couple of minutes the gallant blue jackets had them on board their vessel, energetically applying all known methods of restoring respiration. In time Mr. Opulent came to,. and was tucked in a warm bunk, watching the sur geon and his assistants striving to restore animation to Andle, for it was he. But this was not so easily done, for he was completely exhausted, and, after nearly an hour, the surgeon dropped the. rigid figure and said sorrowfully : " We can do no more; the poor lad is dead I" Two sailors, however, kept on chafing his hands and rubbing his limbs, and at length were rewarded by him opening his eyes and looking wonderingly around. Andle was hardly thankful for his rescue, for he thought he had lost a good oppor tunity of settling all his troubles. ':However, when Mr. Opulent divided the contents of a bulky purse amongst the sailors, and invited him to dinner the following day, his pros pects began to look brighter. He remained on board the ship all Sunday enjoying the hospitality of. her officers, from whom he learned the rescued man's character 'and occupation. After dinner the following day, when the ladies had retired, and Mr. Opulent and his guest sat enjoying the rarest wines, the host said: "My dear sir, you have indubitably saved my life, and if ever• I have the opportunity I'll show my gratitude; on that you may rely." "Thank you, Mr. Opulent, for the assur ance," returned Andle; "perhaps you can do me a great service." " I. shall only be too delighted, my dear sir." "Well, sir, I believe you are a publisher ?" " Yes." "Then, sir, you are the very man I wished to meet. I have written a novel, and have come all the way from Australia to have it published; but up to now I have beenun successful. Will you look it over ?" "An Australian novel I" gasped Mr. Opu lent. " My dear sir, an Australian novel means ruination I" '' Have you ever tried one, may I ask ?" "Well, not exactly; but, my friends' ex perience has taught me that. Yoiu see," he went on confidentially, " Australians have no brains, present company excluded, of course; and, therefore, their works are vapid, and uninteresting as a gate-post. They have no imagination, which is not to be wondered at, as there are no ghosts or demons to stimu late and make it vivid. Therefore, my dear sir, you see 'tis an impossibility for an Aus tralian's novel to be a success. But I'll tell you what I will do for you. Place your manuscript in one of our writers' hands, let him edit it, and if it has a fair plot, place his name on the title page, and 'll publish it, and give you a few pounds and a royalty of £2 2s, every thousand sold. Otherwise I must decline to have ought to do with an Australian novel; but any.other way I can advance your interests I shall be delighted to do all in my power." "Then you may go to the devil, sir i" re torted Andle, in a rage. "I'll not place my work in any man's hands to be hacked and deformed beyond recognition. As for having his name on the title page, 'I'd sooner burn it. My name, sir,"'he said proudly, "is good enough for my work, and it shall bear no other, though it might gain success for the work. I wrote it, and with it I'll sink or swim I That much for your gratitude, sir," he said, snapping his fingers as he left the room. The next morning, as he was cursing fortune and himself, a knock camb to the door, and Mr. Opulent walked in. He had resolved, on consideration, to have a look at the manuscript and see if they could come to terms. Randle informed .him flatly that, after what had passed, he would aqcept no terms from him but £1000. Mr. Opulent was aghast ; but Audle's pride was wounded, and he could not be shaken. At last Mr. Opulent took the manuscriipt; and after a lot of protestations, accepted and published it. It was a pronounced success, and Andle be came the lion of the day. He remained in London ten years, during which time he had thirteen novels published at remunerative terms. Then he returned to Australia ' Got married,",broke in Randle Rauncelot, "built this hotel, gathered the frolicers around him, and raised a daughter, who begins her literary career by distorting her old father's name, and telling his story, which he was determined not to tell. 'Tis really too bad. However," he continued, affectionately patting .her head, "I hope ,that when you burst upon the literary world you will, in company with the gray-headed old sinner whom you call father, be favoiured by fortune." 