German Church at Goom- bungee. (from our own correspondant.) The day of opening the German new Church, so long and anxiously looked forward to by our German community, lias ooino and gono, and they havo now a handsome building, dedicated to tho' purposes of Divino warship. It hnn in- deed been an anxious and trying timo to thoso in whoso hands tho aoooniplishmcnt of this objoot hod boon ontrustod, and it has noodod all thoir energy, tact, and steadfastness of pur- Soso to attain tho desired ond. Howovor, by int of hard work, together with tho awuBtaucu of tho ontsido publio, a building lias boon oroeled whioh would proro an ornament to n inoro thickly settled district than uurs. In fact, It bas boon a " pull oltogother " hero, for ronb dents of all denominations wcro ready and will ing to lend n helping hand to their Gorman brothron for tho consummation of this excellent project, thus showing that although liring in the bash, and up to tuo present having hod very limited spiritual ministration in this part of tho district, tho doctrines of Cliristiamty lied a prominent placo in thoir hearts ; Uiaroforo, thoy havo shown their Christian brotherly love by assisting in tho erection of a house of God. Tho church had boon nicoly decorated inside with fiovrors, grcon bushes, artificial flowers, wreaths, and mottoes, ono bearing tho namo "St. Matthew's" as tho saint to whom tho ohurch waa to bo dedicated, and the other bid ding a " wolcoma " to all who wcro desirous of ontoring tho sacred edifioo. As oarly ob 8 o'olock o.m. people bogan to arrivo, and no snattor yirbat road ono looked along, pedestrians, carts, and horsemen woro recti to wend thoir way to tho Bcono. Arrangements had boon made for a largo influx of visitors from Too woomba, but uuforttinatcily tho threatening as- poet of Uiowoather in town detorrud thoso who hod intended to como from attending, and a good number of Uio vohiclcs catno back cmjity. Ilowovor, tho visitors present during the day numborod fully 600, including children, and these comprised residents from IlighfioldH, Gowrie Scrub, Mcringandan, Gowrio Bond, Too- Tioomba, Big Qomoron, Milton, &o.; A largo marnueo had been erected near the ohurch, and sn this tho vast company wan rogalcd twico during tho flay with sandwfehos and cakes of all varieties, and washed down with tea, of which during tho first meal 16 boilers full wcro drank, thus showing tho largo numbcrof people prcsont. Ministers of various denominations had boon invilod, but unfortunately some of them wero unable to attend, but thoso who did respond to the invitation were the Rev. Mr. Maier, North Briibane, Prosidont of tho Synod; Rev- Theo. Langebacker, Toowoomba Rev. Sir. Burghardt, Highfields; Rev. Mr. Hartwig, Big Gomoron, and Rev. Mr. Guhr, pastor of tho congregation. As Uio placo whoro worship had hitherto bcon hold was too far away from tho chureh to admit of a valedictory service thorp, and thon march in procesaion to the now churoh, tho last eormou in canueotiou with tho old church was proachcd by tho Dev. Mr. Guhr at tho rpaldonco of Mr. John Peters, some 500 yards from tho new building, Tho rev. gontloman returned thanks on his own behalf, aud an behalf of the congregation, to tho hind brother who for tho last two years lmd givon his liouso for tho congregation to hoid worship. A procession wan then formod. First camo the ministers, then three young ladies, tho centre ono, Miss. C. Webber, carrying the key of the church on a plate thrown with flowers; then tho flvo trustooa, onn carrying tho Biblo on a pillpw, iho others carrying tho vossols of tho holy sacramont ; thon tho general publio, march- lug to tho hymn, "Jobu goh voran." Arrived nt tho church, tho koy waa handed to tho con- uacMr, who in his turn lumdcd it to tho Rov. Mr. Meier, who performed part of thododioation coromonuw outsido. Ho theroupou nulockcd the church and namod it the "HtS Matthaus Kirche", in the name ol tho Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost. As soon as tho doom wore onmicd tho choir, undor thu ioadorship of Mr. lire. Wiook, and whioh had previously been ad mitted to tho nailery through tho vestry, Hang the anthom, " Mucht hoch das Thor," accorn- panlcd on tho organ by Mr. W. Goebol, organist to tho church, moamvliilo tho people, as many as conld I crowd in, taking their scats. Tho Itov. Mr. Maior thon dedicated tho various vessels carried by the trustocs to thoir rospcotivo uses. M w«U as tho building and Uio eervicos of tho ffcyworo begun by tho Rov, Mr. Guhr giving nut Uio liturgy, after which the ltev. T. Lange- POokes ascondad tho pulpit and dolivorod a mo«t impressivo sermon in English, based on tlio words, 1 God in Invo." The rov. gouUonmn waa Jistoncd to with wrapt attontion by tho audience, among whom wcro a largo numbor af English people (Mr. Langebecker had taken thin task at tlio last momont, as tho Committed were un- ahlo to secure tho services of tho Rev. Mr. Higlett, on account of his leaving Toowoomba boforo Uio opening coreniony). and during his discouno earned oway bin hearers by his touch- Ing and cement appeal to thoso pronent to show gratUuda and repculenco to tho Alminhty for tlio lovo Ho hcarolb to us poor misorablo rnnnors. On conclusion of tlm sermon Uio Rev. Mr. Guhr intonod tho doling timrgy, and after announcing tho nrraugomanta for Urn afternoon. dlstniSBod tho largo congregation with tho lamo- oiotion, Lunch was nost on tho programme, and nu adjourninont took placo to tho marquee, where mombor» of tho congregation woro endured In tlio task of gratifying tho anpotitca of fiwklan5 assembly, a task which took somo two linura to accomplish, with norno of tho choicest cakes pnd Jiunn ever soon in thin district, from tho establishment of Mr. T. K. Lamb, being well packed and well nsBorteil, and arriving in Splendid ordor. After a severo struggle with Uio Inner man, the waiters and waUrosnoB carried the day and sent everyone to tho last man out of the tont entirely satisfied, whereupon another ttdjotimmont was mado to tlio church. Tho pro- cefldincs opened with tho chorus, " Tho heavens aro tolling/' from Ilaydyn's Creation, rendered by Messrs. Wieck and Goebel (violin and organ), tho tmlptt and dollvcrod a sermon on " Morcv " in his neual fcirciblo and inipressivo Btvlo. At tho Rev. Mr. Maler finally ascended thoiudrflt and with n fotf onrnc.t vvord« nton.,1 i|,l proceedings. Tho rov. gentleman, In commm. ring his address, said:— "When I «niv».d n- Mcringandan and wan boing driven from thonce to our quarters I was Ailtid by my coachman low I liked the country ? T told him I thought t was nothing but busii ; bosh before me, behind bio, in fact; wherever 1 looked, nothing but bnsh. However, what was my astonishment whea l arrived at my dest'nation to find a most beautiful garden, artistically laid out and beautiful flowers growingererrvhere. It struck raa that hero waa a man and h'n wlfo who oonld p&ro; the time and the trouble to dovoto tbeir energy to the cultivation of flowers besides trying to obtain a larger sharo of this world's goods. And aa it was with the church. When no omorgod from tho hush and saw this noblo building it impressed him with the fact that Christianity wim not dead hero, but that tho people, whilo on gain bent, could still find the time and spare tno mcann to erect ft tmilnblo House of God in which to hold their worship." Mr. Mnicr uced other similes during liis dis course, and finally exhorted them to try nnd remain together in peace and brotherly lore, ho that tlitH church may he a veritable blessing to them, tho bright spot among tho surrounding darkness, thu oasis in tho desert of human lifn, ami that wo may finally reacli tho goal wo aro all striving for— viz., lo-slnim nctoro uio tnrqno of our Henvouly Father. At tlio express wish ot n number of' tho congregation tho Rev. Mr. Guhr preached n aorinon in tho evening, and Una closed tho dny'a proceedings. During tlio day tho Ruv. Mr. Gnhr rnturned thanks on behalf of tho congregation to Messrs. Porritt and Co,, of Toowoomba, for presenting tho grating round tho altar and tho two iron bars to tho church; to all ladies and gentlemen, con ductor of choir, organist, choir, Arc., for Uieir various services rendered in connection with tlio festival. A collection was mado dining the day, and rcalisad 19 12a. 9d., whilo the fiftlo of tickets umountcd to £31 16s. 3d. Total, £ Erponses, £10 12a. 8d., leaving a balance of £33 6s 4d. Tliu building js 30ft. long, and 21ft. wide, it 1ms a porch on ono end and a vestry at Uio othor. Inside in a nico pulpit of cedar, altar on raised floor, with suitable decorations, and a gallery on tho east ond for tho choir. Tho church was erected by Mr. L. Gocbel, and tlio total cost will amount to £251. 