tHÉ"MERCÜJÍÍ¥. _?. .i 'i - '?.' ??'_¡_ ,',HOBART1.-.'TUESDAY, JANjsS.lêoO. îi- \, '", EPITOME OF NEWS, i "í j ¡-'House broken into at the fiischoff on Sun- day. .Watches, etc., stolen,'.valued £40., j ;,:,8.'s.' Huon goes right through to, Victoria (Huonville) on Thursday.'. - ; ?%.'.". ..; | Operetta J%c ,iïo«wr' fliwinj'Town'.Hall, !Febrna'iylOandUin',':-v'''':' ?' V-"-'.',' I ¡'S.».'-Hnon exéúrsion'to Brown's River, {to- morrow afternoon.-'i <i I.-.::Í.'-:-.'I lu: ? -Bli. .Taranna .? fishing: excursion down' river to-morrow afternoon. : V :.i 'Í-.M.Ü-.*- | ? .Terrino thunderstorm at Geeveston yester- day afUrnoon.', Girl named .Harwood killed ,by a falling tree.,,.. , f'..t.f-W, ,i...j ¡,. I . , ¡Customs .return», for the week -ending 'January 25l-¿Hóbert, £2,28811s. 8d. ; Laiin ,cestop/£l,778 18».,tid. ',?,;'" ;. '.. " I '' Annual general meeting of the- Tasmanian Rifle'Association1 will' be 'held'on Thursday evening next - SMW~ -¡C:.-;'--.. I :..-.;. -J j ii 'Case:against.'Launceston beoksellers firm for evading Customs duties lu importatleaof i Diaries, stand» adjournsdfor decurión of the ,Court-, ;-¡..¡,.".-,;i '.¡-i:) . i-:; .vioi-'-;: ( .¡¿The Launceston Police Conrt have'a case cómiug'.onin'which a défendant, refused to \- leave- a, licensed house ,'afterr closing ' hours 'when'orderedtodo'so. V ?;:-.;;?-; 'A r~'\r,tl\? !"-;';ai;:i¿'.':'4 "-';'.'-'-'t ?'.' j ^-Pèrçy*Lewis, ViUôîlan' cricketer, under remand 'for embezzlement.1''' -'.'?'?- '?ir I ii!'-Univer»al suffrage is about being-granted in Spain.'-! :?-> ico ;.:¡:ii.:-1:> .'.-;? .ti j .v.--¡Five English judges are at present .laid ¡up with influenza.',..... I 'ty/^.d ..::; .'< i . Judge ¡ Manisty,¡of'the Queen's Bench Division bas been stricken with .paralysis.) ' Tho recent storm, in .the English Channel 'has dono much damage at Havre../ . '.' j ,',The. wrecked barque. Glenrosa,,'on the Adelaide coast, lias been abandoned; ? -, | J .Torrifio' heat' continues in'0 Melbourne. Foiirdeaths yesterday attributed thereto.j i Mr». Parnoll, mother of the political«avlonr ,'0f Ireland,is still »tarvineon apauperVdole. j jiFouTrroomed.cottage burned down at In- vermay. Insured,.but furniture uninsured r.Insuranc'oon Mr. .Capo's, store,-Launces- ton,' £3,20 J.YMr'i Brewster's house, £100. j Steamer »Riverina' ashore at .Gabo Island. .Otñoñé1*n«râ»ï*ll'Éafé.ir_.^!: .____ I . ¡TJwiWsh;toecOtt»lB,:ai«iorther relaxing ¡O»0kfití«mt ¡at ,<al«:«o4«ri<thA/Clrh>iei A^l-,giaB^»T.._5,^2\\!».i«3ä;BiiniU' ,' >* ù The marling of iwool Misa «eat to Enijland with plaçant orlrtpi« 'wip^sïWners brand KMb^nalaindonal. J£ M, *s». .-Thene^msil^tÄ,siier ^Ma.-Auttra Han maiM-wUl leave iA4«laide^s*»-Wednes days, ha» been issued. ^^.^X^.^^^/ The proposed expenditure of tetfmllllons sterting-'fn-augmentlng-tlie United States Navy nu been recommended to the Senate. /T|e Greek ArmyneVmi* to beYnobiltsed \ early in the coming*spring." Active''service* in.OreteJsprobablB._ _.... ... The German Emperor has issued an edict against-duelling in the army.' The challenger In future will be expelled. Intercolonial Cricket Match-Now South Wales, first innings 349; Victoria, first innings 4 wickets for 100. j United Wesloyan Conference of Victoria and Tasmania opened annual sitting yester- day in Melbourne. I Major Pinto has been shunted by the Portugese government on a mission that will prevent Elm from exciting the populace. The barque Thorne from Liverpool to Adelaide has become wrecked before fairly leaving the English coast Sho is now piled up on the Isle of Man. I Respectable married woman named McCall ha« drowned her infant child at Strathalbyn, South Australia. She is suffering from dementia. ! National anniversary celebrated yesterday in principal Australian cities with mdcli holiday, uemoMtration despite exceedingly hot weather. j Authentic reports have been received at Sansibar of the safety of Dr. Peten and bis relief expedition. It wa« recently reported that he had been massacred by natives, j Ryan, the blackfellow, and noterions gaol breaker in New South Wales, made second escape after shooting Constable Wise through tile head with his own revolver. Still I at large. I «ellson beat Messenger yesterday In All Corners Outrigger Raoe at National Regatta, Sydney, and was beaten by W. Anderson! in the All-Comer« Skiff Race. The Volunteer wootha CJfcaiapionshlp Leen Mae'andjlliñ> died years Challenge Cup. { I Sis JOSHUA REYNOLDS once said to a jsritiç^who was faking his nw against one of his pictures, "Stand bade, stand back, sir, a picture is not mule to bo «melled at.'', / We are reminded of- this extremely wise saying, which is applicable to a great many more things, then pictures, by the'eriticisms on the late ROBERT BROWNING, which reached us yesterday by the English 1 raailw We said what we had to say on this poet, when the news of his death reached us by telegraph, but the criticisms, and, above all, the details of his life and the estimate of his desires''anâ ambitions,''have recalled the remark of SIR-JOSHUA REYNOLDS and illustrated its wide application. Wé are ' told Hhat1 ¿BOWNING Was jealous of the long life of Turars^r, which prevented him becoming jar- éate, à statement which1 we do not jin the least i believe« _ BJWWNINO,, may have had ambitions, even small akd. foolish ones-for what man in exempt' from weaknesses of some kind ?-put that he begruiged TENNYSON the con tinuanceot'sach honour as lie eau do* rive from the Laureateship seems j to be absurd.1 Ko doubt, BROWNING1 was peculiar in some r ways, ;most, men} of original thought'are. x He was fond, of j gossip, possibly because his mind was genial, .and ready to i expaiidu itself whenever; it found sympathy.' SHELLEY was the same. In uncongenial society SHBLLEY was morose and taciturn, but when mind leaped forth J to meet mind " ere thought had linked itself with speech," he was joyous and witty, full of fun and poetry, making himself the centre of society. BROWNING was, it appears, more a man of the world, fond of< society gossip as such men are, and altogether different from what he was as a poet. He had sense enough to scorn the Browning Society, even if he felt flattered that such a society should exist. In truth, it is said to be composed I of what may be called > unpleasant ftersons. Vegetarians, men of pecu iar customs, the cultivators of fads of all kinds and the'believers ibj all 'sorts of outside things, go to make up this society, whose mission is, to find out what BROWNING meant,anddiscovernew depths of wisdom in what to the wicked world appear to be hopeless obscurities. We do not know« that these people could be better employed, and we are sure that they might be a great deal worse. For, there is a great depth of meaning in all that BROWN- ING wrote, affording scone for those who do not readily perceive to exer- cise their wits, but their labours will interest and instruct themselves alone, and will make no ' impression on1 the wicked world ' outside. They help to illustrate what we have so often said, that the cause of much of the evil that is in the world' is ti at people are unable to see, hut are qu te resolved not to believe that they, are unable. HAMLET'S mother, though she could not see her husband's1 ghost, said " yet all that is I see,",. as many a politician and general has said before, and as correspondents are good enough i to tell; us every day almost. BROWNING, like many other English poets,/had a peculiar love for Italy. He turned to that country ¡as WORDSWORTH turned to " mànytfdun tained Wye," and he djed in the land which he loVed so' well1 Yet he waa an Englishman to the very core,,as his verses off Cape Trafalgar prove Here, he says, England struck a blow for me, what can I do for England in return ? This dual aspect of several modern Eoets, notably SHELLEY, who had, owever, bisi reasons for not being fond of his native land, is curious, and seems to1 indicate a wide spirit of sym- pathy, which Jn truth, the Italians have not been slow to appreciate and return. ' ' ' .* j With the estimate formed of BROWN- ING by our English contemporaries, We do not know that we have much 'to do. They leave him much where they found him. They all notice the fact which is patent to the hastiest reader, that BROWNING shines through all that, he has'written. Even' in his plays in that most powerful and mournful of them all, A Blot son/thè Bètticheon -it is a subtle voice that speaks, and not altogether the character. In this he differs, by'a very'wide interval, from the greaterjdramatists, and starids an unmeasurable distance, as a play writer! behind SHAKESPEARE abd HOMER as a depictor of character, for both these give us the men in their very habit as they lived, and we see nothing of the authors. Their supreme art seems to belong to days when men were less self-conscious than at the present time. The modern poet'is not content to feel and sing. He wants to know why he feels and sings EMERSON said long ago that we live m an age of retrospection, we write history, biography aud criticism. Pos- sibly, there is a loss of faith, which prevents us speaking as some mien spoke of old, but even they looked to the past, and dwelt upon jits glories. HOMER'S heroes were three times as strong as the men of his dky, he tells us, and well they might have been, for they used to converse with the gods, who came down and took .ides ia »heir strife. BBommro, ¿i the modern poet, speaks to |OB ina language which is the outcome of(iwg culture,^, and which'ban only^touch those who are . in accord with" the sentiments or experiences on which it is based. 4t\bd, if We ask' > what ¡does BROWN- ING teach us ? the answer .must be-the very old ono, tthat .many things nre crooked which we do not know how to make straight. As Ruini BEN¿EZRA puts it, " there is something wrong that necdeth a change," but in saying this we have about-exhausted our philosophy. Not that there are wanting quacks enough with patent cures for all social andphysicalevils, after the adop- tion ofwhose methods the milleniumwill surely come about, Perhaps,'however, after,¡all, the greatest need of this world-of the English speaking por- tion of it at all event«-is plain state- ment, the honest utterance of honest conviction, so that all men shall un- derstand. '. This we dof not 'get fro», out jtuoderu poeta. ¡The; large utterance 'of tho early days seems to have1'passed away, audwô get noble thoughts and profound truths put ¡in such, a fashion as seal them against 'the general' public. We suppose that' BBOWJUHQ J could notisneak. other- wise than he nas spoken. The' style is ti*/ man. ' Yet, it is to be regretted that all the beautys the I nobleness of outspoken truth "«nd the,!good instincts in bis, upoetry can^neyer affect ,the ,bulk, ,of ^ tie people, /nor /even , a i large number of them. The millions, who bought MARTIN TUPPER will not buy BROWH ixa, nor if they did buy him would he prove of any value to teeni, it irskd j to thiok that the greatest 'thought« which literature contains are unknown to so many, and must remain so' from the very nature of the case, not nie least of which are those great thoughts to be found in the works of BROWKIHQ. Rr the mail/we have «onie interesting parti culara from Messrs. Dalgety and Co (Limited) of the fifth series of colonial wool sales for ¡1889, which opened on Novernber 36, were brought to a close on December 12 The quantities catalogued have > been-New South Wales and Queensland, 77,416 hales i Victorian, 36,834 bale«, South Australian, 18,437 Ule» j Western Australian, 601 bales, Tasmanian, 563 bales ; New Zealand, 12,861 hates i Cap«, 14,600 bales,¡total, 161,401 bales i out of which it ii estimated that about 154,500bales haye been sold, and 6,000 bought in or withdrawn, the balance being accounted for by wools twice cata- logued) for, owing to the disorganised, state of the labour market consequent on the late dook strike, the landing and ware, housing I has been very «low, and many woola hate been catalogued in an incomplete «tate, and the balance« have had to be re offered in later catalogues. The further discrepancy between the catl mated available quantity and that actually offered is due to the large quantity of second hand wool offered, holder« thereof being apparently anxious to realise at pre sent values rather than hold for next year, when larger supplies of the new clip will be to hand, and this may, perhtps, partially account for the relapse which occurred to wards the end of the series, whioh may also be attributed to the fact that, after buyers had supplied their most pressing wants, they found )lthat prices here had been driven above the pantyjof those atfwhich they coald operate in Australia and the River Plate, and therefore reduced their London limits to these parities . The Initial ad\ ance mentioned in our circular of the 29th ult. waa fully maintained for about the first half of the ?ales, after which an easier tone was ap parent, which gradually resulted in a relapse of about id and Id per lb, until at the "close, prices ruled but little above closing rateB of October We do not think this decline is any indication of a materially weaker market, as the general ?tate of the trade appears very good and sound, but It is the result of prices having been dm en a little too hard by pressing want«, and the usual desire of the Irado to secure a certain quantity of tlio first arm ali of the new clip During the present series there has! been hardly any buying for An encan account, and hence the best lots of the Riverine clips have not nude the relative difference with regard to the others which hu been apparent when Americans "were in the market, t» A few lots of superior Vic torian grease j nade full prices, but there was only a verv limited competition for the few parcels'-'to hand of Western fleece washed The next series oí sales was fixed for the 28th January, this year, when «orne 360,000 bale« of new arrivait were ¡expected to be to hrind, but how many of these would beforwarded, or how many would remain available for London sales it was impossible to «ay , but, be that as it might, the wool, evenaf not available for sale in London,'goes into the hands of dealers and consumers direct, and thus eliminates a portion of the public sale competition A lîF.CTAT cable message stated that Die Post, ef Berlin, probably officially inspired, has pointed out that a day may bo saved by sepding Australian mails to ¡and from Pngland, tua Salónica m Turkey, instead of li« Brunirai The wish is probably father to the thought, as the change of route woilld bring a largely increased traffic over the German lines via Brussels, Frankfort, Stutt gart, Munich, and ¡on to Vienna,^esth, Belgrade, and so to Salónica, which latter place under the now regime would become a second Bnndisi, while the present port of tliat name would probably sink into its original in ? significance The map show s that the distance from Salónica to_Alexandna by sea Is less than from Brindis!, while the overland route which would have to be followed is considerably longer Time, 'and «pace are, however, constantly decreasing obstacle« to swift railway traffic As shown by the Berlin Journal, a ' day can be saved under -present facilities for travel, 'and [i^ will probably be "lound only a matter of more powerful locomotives, and a revised time table to save tWo-i'dayS or even more. The sixty mile per nour mail train service between i London and .Edinburgh shows how time and space can be annihilated. The new line of fonte would present| also the element of .greater attractiveness, and the avoidance of the dis- comfort« which j at osr(aia seasons of the year prevail on the Mont Cenis railway It is not likely the service now suggested.will be entered upon without dueconsideration of many contingencies, political M wall'as commercial^ but it comes within theficate gory of thing« possible within the not far dis tant future, _ j IrO T j IN justice to'JColi Legge1,1 who has'been attacked in a manner for whicVno'suftfcient warrant has been shown, we have taken tho trouble to' ascertain precisely) Vh at Major General Edwards stated as to his future position.' It was substantially! "8 follows :-He would leave the details of ¿ho .ntunnalUf .»»»"H/ÍÁ* *" Hoi ' T »"»,.'i^L...'., colonies, but he considered that ..Col. Legge ,1 I i nú-i a .U'ii.ó j .. "L in .Ara f TT, itWirAPJWKÍW» «inS°PJS«>BíPDÍÍ.0íu not get an officer with his ? quatta^ ^9^"%¿iTW^üig7IlÜ^Í»h^jaiárvt wUobibWtat4iAíiiMa}6^a«ais«ai BfiWda I stated further that ho would write a letter to the Governor, to accompany tho report, which could be made use of to show that the Major-General considered that the Government should make a lengthened cn* gagement with Colonel- Legge. -The Major General further stated that he had told the Government that he Intended to write such a lottcr-to him.- The abovs-plain-fact« «re a sufficient answer, tai the statements that have,been made, aud,at'e, also, .alt the criticism that is required on the action cf tho Ministry. ,^____ ~ , TELEGRAriHC. - Berne notified to the Telegraph t Office, jyestorday :'- "Cables Punta-Bossa Key-west restored. Cable laid between Zanzibar and Mom-Cassa, the tariff per word for, telegrams is same IIB for Zanzibar. > t * i CAMBRIDGE ELECTION. - Mr. ' Alfred E. Lord, son of the late Hon. John I Lord, lias been requested by a number of the electors of the district of Cambridge to «How him ?elf to be nominated as a candidate te fill the'/vacancy in the Legislative Council 'caused by the death of his father, and he baa consented to leave the issue in, [.their hands. , j r ' ?> '. , / <ui I TABLE CAM MABINS BOARD.*-Mr. A. J. Chapman has been appointed a Warden of, this Board vice Mr. Jones, resigned. ~" i COUNCIL OF UNIVBRSITT.--Messrs. G. P. Fitzgerald, G. B, CoUins and W. F. Ward have been appointed inembers'of thtsCeuucil. <? TECHNICAL SCHOOL.-Mr. B. 8. Pember- ton has been appointed a, member,/of, this Board vice Mr. Hugh,Kirk, who consequent on his acceptance of'«'Government appoint- ment has tendered his resignation. ¡ EDUCATIONAL,-Trie following educational establishment« resume duties tomorrow (Wcdnetday) morning ?: - Hobart ; Junior School, Military Barracks ; Christ College, Domain ; and Misses Wright's, »Caucnbury yilla, Davey-street.( r "i -,"10,111 J !_ MkTkOROLoaioAU-At a meeting,of .the Royal Meteorological Society, held1 at Great George-street, Westminster, oh IDecember l8 last, Cant. J. Shorit, R.N., Government | Meteorologist, was elected a , Fellow of the1 Boyal Meteorological Society7 of <Great Britain.dJu^/'iii A .1 I ' TRSTÀMRKÎART.-The followingjprobatcs were iasuad during hut week 1-Ellen Gellie toSamueljWilUen) Westbrook rand'Arthur Eglinton Mp'tannery, ¿5,554 ; Thomas Woodman to .Ellen Woodman, £6,604 ; Henry Lewis to Annie Lewis, £271. VOLUNTEERS.-The following appoint^ mente bave been made ¡-Latrobe Rule* Jno. H. McCall, 'Captain r Jao. Henry Brown, Lieutenant. Cumberland Rifles G. E. Butler, Captain ; E. H. Whiteside», Lieutenant. Tasmanian Rifles-Major J. Bayle's resignation accepted, and his 'inclu sion in the retired list with rank of Lieuten- ant approvedi{ of. ' Southern. Tasmanian Artillery-Resignation of ' Captain" R.! L. ?Hood accepted'1 ' > J J <?' ' , , -TASMANIAN* RrrLB REOIWKST.-The Regi- ment assembled at' the Barracks, 8^7.30 o'clock last evening, the attendance being 'larger than It has been fer some time past, Captain Reid in command, 'Captain Watchorn being also present The officfre adjourned to the orderly-room for the trans- action of business in connection With the internal management and discipline of the Corps, and the non commissioned officer» and men were exercised in company drill on the Barrack-square by Sergeant-Major Alder ton. A number of recruit« Were sworn in during the evening by Mr. LI'Walker, J.P.. 'who kindly attended for that purposo at the request of Captain Watchorn, and a number of others were nominated,' who can be duly attested on Monday evening next. The Commandant and Staff Adjutant 'visited the orderly room during the evening, At the conclusion of the parado, orders were read nsto tho Efficiency Regulations forl8H0. and Captain Reid informed those present that the camp as EaBter would be held this year in the North, and that the non com- missioned officers and men would bo paid at the prescribed rates; also, that arrange- ments had been made for prize« for efficiency in ride shooting during class firing, and also for the annual prize competition on completion of the course of musketry. It was announced that instruction drills would be held every Monday and Friday evening until further orders, and persons wishing to join the regiment were requested to attend on those evenings. A Garrison order waa received intimating that the resignation of Major O'Boyle had been accepted by His1 Excel- lency the Governor, and that His Excellency had been pleased to approve of him being placed on the retired list with the honorary rank of Lieut -Colonel. 1 With 'reference to the abo\e Captain Reid will assume tem- porary command of the regiment, he being the next senior officer. Arrangements are being made for utilising the gymnasium for the physical training of the recruit« and other members of the corps. THE CONSERVATOR OP FORESTS.-Mr. W T. Brown, Conservator of Forests, who has returned to Hobart from his recent tour in the north eastern portions of the island, re ports hating tfa\ creed a large area of, land of splendid quality and well watered in the neighbourhood of the Ringarooma Riv or. He subsequently made the ascent of Mount Maurice, which proved a rather serious un- dertakings since the'gale "of 1888" the tracks havo1 boon entirely obliterated with fallen timber, which in many instances form stacks 12ft. to 15ft high The whole forest is almost completely wrecked, 'and the task of ascending occupied over eight hours, the scene of doxustation being one which must be seen to be . realised. The next day a start was made for the descent on the south- west side, the walking being very good, large patches of good feeding [land, sur- rounded with wild flowers and .waratah, being passed through, several brown quail being Been on thp/Wuy. Valentine's Rivulet was reached at noon,,and the timber in the locality and along St. Patrick's Rivulet was inspected. 1 The country round here was, found to be a dense myrtle forest, with open patches of good reeding ground. Mr Brown speaks highly of the country he has gone through, and considers much benefit may be derived by the Government from the timber selection of land in the various districts. He has taken a number of valuable notes with 1 regard to tho land in the basin formed by the St. Patrick'« River, Mount Barrow, Camdon Rivulet, « hieb he will recommend should be thrown open for selection. Hciis preparing an official report omi hu recent peregrinations. 1 11 - 1 ti MR. A. J. TAYLOR.-Tho Public Librarian* returned to his duties on1 Monday morning, after enjoying his annual holiday, H He bus brought 1 back with bim somo interesting views of Victorian Alpine scdnery. [ He'ex plains in refcrenco.to "collect" telegrams sent us containing information which, haU|it been of any interest, we could havo compiled in much better form from our Melbournq files, as follows.-"It appears that tho agent who undertook to forward telegrams re the banquet at Bright to- tho \anona papers, offered to sena one to ThehMet cwy, Mt. Tayloi requesting1 him to let'Iiiui know the cost of doing so. Mr. Taylor was told there would be nothing to pay, and ,took it for granted, that the 'telegram was to be charged to the expenses incidental to the trip. The telegram was added to, and Mr. "Taylor's name appended without authority. He had'actually paid for tho, second telegram when ho waa assured in the office that it was ¡not necessary for himjto do so, and the amount was handed bock to him." Mr. Taylor bas, handed to our Com- mercial Manager the cost of the telegrams. ,, CODUN MOTH ACT.-The following caseB were beard ¡at Brighton on the 25th. tost., before the Warden and Messrs. Gunn and Hodgman, J.s'P. F. H. Blacklow and John Porter Were oharged by the' Inspector with' having neglected to «end in their acreage returns. Offence proved. Fined 5s. and costs. The same defendants were also charged with having failed to'remove and destroy all infocted fruit, etc. ' Offence proved. Fine 6». and cost«, araountingjin all to ¿O', each. Tula ought J to 'act a« a .caution - to - those who-»re neglecting* the, provisions1 of, the Cedlin, Moth Aotj> ' ' A^FIR'F -The"Fire Brigade' were sum- moned yesterday afternoon to attend a fire in an unfinished house at the angle of Arthur and-Andrew streets, but when they arrived on the spot they found their services were not then 1 required, as a few buckotaful of water had been applied with a salutary effect. > Mr. Palfreyman is'the-owner'of the property, whioh> is Insured.-i The «fire wa« centred amongst some shavings in the back premises, but the origin is not known. ! THE FATAL ACCIDENT AT SORELL.-A cor- respondent sends us 'further details of the fatal accident which happened to a boy about 14 years'old named William Newitt, 1 killed by the wheel of a dray loaded with hay passing over his body on Saturday last, death being instantaneous. It appears that a dog barking at the horse was the cause of the accident ; the poor boy cutting at the dog with his whip, slipped and fell under the Wheel: ''A coronial inquiry has not been deemed necessary UNOLAIMEDITBLBOIUHB. - A cablegram addressed "Dolan, Carnarvoû,''Ta*n«nli,'' .matea «UtoantUtotfaeTsfegntrti Offiïe. lUi-'alao'« ttstag^^Wiireased' f'Hugíe« Smithers." .w«; '-BB*1«ICIJ3 7 i CITY POLICE COURT.-A clean sheet wns S resented at the City Police Court yostcr ay. HOIIART RKOATTA ASSOCIATION-.-A meet- ing of tho committee of the Hobart Regatta Association was held last evening. Present -Messrs. .J. ..W.-GI11. (chairman).-T..W. Fishcr, X. TodcljUTM. Stuart, H. ClieitcrT man, J. G. Turner, J. H. G. Murdoch,iC.< E. Webster, A. E. Risby, W. C. Gmbh,' H.* J. Wise,. A._. Hurley,-and C.-E.ïcather. stone (lion, sec.),, Tho subscriptions wcro announced to' amount to £320, and' tho Secretary road ' .tho . letter« jre-1 ceived siuco the last! iincetiiig, >nd also Btatcd that H.M.S..Rambler, the flagslih), was ,tn position. Mr, Turner «aid he had engaged tho s.s. Victory at £7, instead of the s.s. Result at £5. -A-great- deal of routine business was-transacted, and.final arrangements for the"Regttta!,woro,mode,, after which the moeting adjourned. Vii MAKINL EMJURSIONST -An excursion will bo made to Port Arthur by the s «. Oonah, and one to PortTîsperance by the s.s. Flora1 on Thursday, February 13, those steamer« Having been chartered by the Tasmanian Racing Club for the purpose. Full purtles lars may be looked for later on. ' I ALL SAINTS.-At- 8 oVlock to-morrow evening the congregation of All Saints' Church hold their Jannual meeting in the schoolroom for -the- purpose of receiving 'accounts, transacting parochial butinés« and electing churchwardens and other officers. ¡ RICHMÓKD- LIBRARY.-The ordinary an- nual meeting of the subscribers to tho Rtohmond Library' is to be'held in the Institution ou Saturday noxt at 3 p m., to reçoive report, to elect a committee, and for the transaction of any other business which may arise, j ¡ , ^ ? ¡ _, , ^ / ! I ? T.R A.-The annual general meeting of /the Tasmanian Rifle Association is announced hy advertisement to be held at tho Town. Hall at 8 o'clock on Thursday evening nei'ty the business being the adoption, ot(the an- nual report, the election of officers, and attention to ariy'other'matters arising. ! ,.RKAfKR AND BÍNDÍR.-Messrs. A., G. Webster and Son announce by advertisement, that « field trial of the/Hornby 1888 bindar will be held at Oatlands on Friday next. RASPBERRY FEAST.-As mentioned in our issue of Monday, there was a raspberry feast and tea meeting at Fern Tree on the 22nd Inst, announced as under the patronage of Lady Hamilton. We are requested to state, that the stalls were presided over by Mesdames Adams, Archer and Dunkley, and Misses Adams, Hall, Swlfte and Smith. -THKATWCALS AT N«W NORFOLK.--A correspondent write« :-" Of visitors to the 'colony not a few find1 their way' to the pretty suburb of New Norfolk. In fact well nigh all avail themselves to' a' greater or lesser 'degree of Its delicious climate and pretty surrounding». Many sojourn1 there;: with a result that the well known 'Bushi Hotel is now, what it ever has been, |a favourite and 'fashionable resort. During < some evenings of (he past week a series bl Tableaux Vtvaul» ¡haye-¡been exhibited in the large and spacious ball-room of the Bush Hotel. ' ' Visitor« and friend« lent every, assistance, «election« of vocal and instrumental music being rendered. Gaily decorated wa« the room, bright and sparkling waa the music,' and excellent to a ¡¡degree were the representations. The proceed« ¡of. tho whole were devoted to the Building Fund of St. Peter'« Church,- New* Norfolk, for which the, Rev. Father,O'Callaghan tenderse! his gratitude at' the conclusion of the entertainment.'1- ' ¿ CHOLKKA MORBOS IN LAUNCESTON.-Tho Telegraph, referring to the death of ;Mr. G. W. Smith, of Ht.- John-street, who wak taken ill on Friday morning, with what be considered «as au attack of^dysenteiy, was compelled ou Saturday to relinquish busi- ness. In the afternoon Mr. O. ,F. Taylor went to Or. ' Maddox and explained the symptoms. The doctor adviBed Mr! Smith's immediate removal to the hospital, where he wus adnuttod at 3.30 p.m. Dr. Pardy, who attended the sufferer, stated it was a case of citolera mot bun, and the patient graduallyi declined, and died at 0.30 the same night. We {Telegraph) have been informed thal there are other cases prevalent in the city, and at a late hour lest night a report was circulating that i two others had succumbed to the dire disease. This, however, had not been verified up to the time of going to press, i ) TUB SHIPMENT OF TASMANIAN POTATOES TO ENGLAND -The following letter has been received by Mr. D. Cocker, of Formby, from the Premier, dated January 22, in answer to a communication addressed by tho former gentleman to the Agent-General (Mr. Braddon) on October 22,1889, imwhich Mr. Cockei made some general inquiries on the above matter. We (Hortic Wttt Pod) give the letter verbatim, as it contains items ¡of some interest to both shipping agents and furniers :-"Sir,--With a recent despatch the Agent General foi warded a letter which you addressed to ' him on the 22nd October last, in reference to the shipment of Tasmanian potatoes to Eng- land. Mr. Braddon wntes with respect to the possibilities of this trade as' follows : -' The potatoes sold during lost May (as far as my lists show) by London salesmen at from _ 10s. to 20s. per cwt. were now potatoes in boxes and cases from Kgyyt, Malta, and I the' Canal les ; while potatoes from the West Indies, III baskets, sold for 6s per cwt Mr. White, of Covent Gar dent, writes .-" I recommend close boxes, and that the potatoes should be dry be- fore the steniB have died away. (1.) Because new potatoes ni riving on the London market must peel or scrape, other- wise they might as well be old pota- toes, and they should possess that rich juicy flavour which old potatoes 1 do 1 not have. They can only have this juicy flav our by being dug in a young stute, (2 ) The boxes must be close as the journey is of nix weeks, and any atmosphere that is prevail- ing in the room-whether hot 01 cold would have a tendency to dry up tho pota- toes, and so tighten skins, and thus make them old potatoes before they arrived here. In addition to this, if the air was continu- ally playing upon the potatoes it would give them-to a certain extent-a greenish appearance, w li ¡eli would'be against the sale of them.' The roply_to Mi. Cocker is, there- fore, that theie is no prospect of Tasmanian potatoes being shipped for England roughly m bogs, as they ate for Sydney ; I that tncre is no opening for matured potatoes, and that a good tindo in new potatoes tun only be done with England by careful and early pocking! and shipment.-I have the honour, etc ,-J AS. A^DH^.\\\, Secretaiy to the Premier."-"- ' ' ' ' I ( BOW ID BUT NOT BltOkKV.-A violÙlUit \vho undertakes to nmuso fifteen hundred people at a picnic by his,playing, and find^ out when he annes at the spot that his bow has been left four hours' journey behind him is m a pretty piedicament ; brit "Bohemian," of 'the Melbourne Ileraltl, understands that the clever and popular La Fcuillude negotiated that exact difliculty, adtmiably. Ho found himself just yi^that' way nonplussed, und the people vvete clamoring for him to begin. He set some fellows to «otk to pick han-from tho taijs of the horses w hicli had brought a number of the pal ty, split u shiver of wood from the side of a whisky case, and impiovise_d a bow which ausweied the purpose to perfection and kept ev crybody merry. More than that, it is a useful bow now, and will probably bo so for mauy a day to come. . ' 