LOCAL AND GEQNERAL IEWS. Teen anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church in Eeat sbt!eet~ were held, yesterday, Mr. Joleph Butler (of Brisbane) officiated, and, in the morning, he preached an excellent sermon from Ie Peter iii 18--" But grow in grace and in the know. ledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Chbrist. To Him be glory both now anod for ever." The singing was made a speoial feature of the occasion, she Blue Rihhbbon Barmonic hand rendering great service to the choir, which was under the able leadership of Mr. George Walker. In the evening Mr. Butler preached from Tit? III., 6 and 6 -*Not by works of righteousenss which we have done, but according to Bis mercy He esved uo, by the washing of regensratio, aud renewing of the Holy Ghost, which He shed on us abundantly thaough Jesus Christ our Saviour." The sermon was full of good advice and sound lessons, and wa1s listened to most attentivelfy. This evening the tea and annual public meetieg will be held in the ohnrch, and a large.attbndance is anticipated. Cosrenrs. obstetrio hands, abdominal and seurginal belts are now made by a firt?clase artist at FDrEEY. ISLEs, & to.'e establishment, Brihbane. This new department has rapidly grown in psblin favour, ladies appreciating the .advantage of having their corsets made to fit them, instead of being compelled to fit them selves to their ocrsets. Self-m.maeuremont forms sent on applinato~u.--[AnvT. 219D ON Saturday last Sergeant Cleary, who has been in Brisbane for the past eighteen years, took charge of the North Ipewien Police Sta tion in place of the genial Sergeant Colclough, Swho has been removed to the metropolis. Tue Q?ruarar.N GuNnnALIEtSUeuun CosoD ranr ise the only FPr-, Marine and General Insrances Company formed in the colrny. Being largely owned by local people, and managed by a well known Queensland board, the public are aeked to support it, and, before insuring elsewhere, sr renewilg their current policies, to call and see Mr. G K. S a880oN, thbe agent for Tpswich, at his tfioa, in Nicbolas street.-lAov. • ' 78 Ar the Police Court on Saturday last, before the Police Magistrate, a Brat offender pleaded "Guilty" to a charge of drunkenness while i. charge of a horse, in Briehcne.street, on.the previous day, and was fined Br, James Walth was charged with disorderly conduct in Synlax.street, on October 15, and pleaded "Guilty." He pleaded "Not guilty" to a charge of obsoene languoage at the same time .and place.. Itappar that beand his brother had a qearrel as to which was to ride a horse. Andrew M'Geire, a railway porter, reniding in Syntax street, having given evidence, de fendant, for the disorderly conduect, was fined Be., while for the ~other offence he was dis ohargeA. Thomasa aleh pleaded "OGuilty" to a charge of disorderly conduct at the same time, but stated that he had tried to take the horse from his brother, who was nader the influence of lquor. He was fined Is. We hare no hesitation in stating that on New Dress Goods, comisting of French De!ains, Zephyrs, Prints. 3/(4 and 6/4, French Biege &c.;, are the most ohoioe goods in the market. Ja?as RBIoCaY An Co. An?r.] 251 On Tuesday (says the 8. *. HIerald) Mr. Aleroeder Meeton, tne of the early fearmers of the Clarenne River, died at MaoLran, at the age of eightv.seven years. He went to tho Clarnnoe o 1859, and purchased a lot of land at Ulmarra, where he farmed acecessfullp, re tiring about ieenty-two years ago. He was a b-other ol Mr. Robert Meeton, the erst mem ber for Tenterfield in the New South Wales Parlinmenoc cnd the winner of the £100 prizs offered by the New South Wales Government for the essay on eatarrh in sheep. He wsee also father of Mr. Archibald Meets, a North Qaeenaland ritler and explorer. Re leaves two sons and three daughters. To Fumsae.-Just received, a few bags more Ninety.Day Corn and Frsench isechallot. Jecs BAint, Niaholae-street.-iADvr.TJ 29 A man occurred at about 9 o'clock on Sature day morning, by which a house, on the Walloos Road, about a mile beyond the Four mile Gate, at a place known as Campbell's Gally, was burnt down. From what we can gather it appears that the house, which wasan old one, belonged to Mrs. J. M'Grory, and had previously been used as an hotel, but had been lately rented to a man, named Strickland, who kept a stallion on the premises. The origin of the fiBre ?s unknown, and there was no one at the plaen when it happened, the nconpiere heing in Ipmwich. The building was insured for £200 in the Australian (Trader'e) Asseeooia tion, four which there is no local agent, but a Mr. Ricbardson is the representative in Brie bane. GsTLBmasN,-The tailoring department, under Mr. B. M'Carthy, cutter, is now in ful working order. A nice selection of new eeaeonl able goods has just arrived Prices, mest moderate, to suit the times. Your orders are solicited. JeoNs F. GILMORE, Ipswich.- (?nv.-l 82 Too lease of the southern portion of the Qoeeo's Park, for one year, was disposed of. on Saturday last, by Meessrs. Hughes and Camerou, and was purchased by Mr. T. VW. Hoey for £40. PAY a visit to our New SRhow Room. You will be delighted with thi Season's display of Millinery. Jaasr RICHEy AND CO,.-.-lADv Ti GorAT interest is being manifested, by many local memhers of the Defence Force end veolunteer corps, in the military tournament to ake plece r Tenterfield on the 0th and 7th of November. The Queenelend frish were oalled oat on Satordeay last to a'eertaie how many would take paslt in the affir. They were in charge of Lieutenants b'Csrthy and Gilligan. They went through no special drill, but over thirty of them bare promised to proceed to Tent,~- ld, where they intend to take part in te march past,for which there ina eubhtantial turned out very well on Saturday after. p izn. The Cadsts, noder Captain Shand Lisuteent iRobinson also being present noon. Several of them also intend to tale pert in the tournament, and compete in the march past on the seoond day. The Moreton Battery, in command of Lieuteno ant Donnelly, montered fairly well, some of the members of that excellent body, also in tending to go to Teetsereld, to attempt to carry off the prize for tent pegging. They were put through dr~ving drill, and then a few of them practised tent pegging, it being after 6 o'olook before they were dismissed, Tas morithlp meetioght th o a byterian Brad of Hope was Ihld oFl eight last, in the Good Tempt? Bli w pas crowded, mnoy being onalee eds slag room. The chairman, after a few word. of odvioO and encouragement, nalled on Miss Waters, who was londly applanded for her soan, ' ave courage my boy to ray No." dioes Crookaton was very esnoceseful in the cong "0. ye tears," as were also Miss T. Crookton :in * h'tieibotty jeitt|of 'o. otltod." Mr. Aspiloall in ' My banch of roses" and "When yjao and I were youug," and Mr. Haining in his aong. lioittioon were also given by Misees Bailey, Rose, Locke, Lobbho, and WallIgate, and Masters Locke and Bailey. By far the moac iot'resting prelt of the pro gramme was the dialogne *' A drunken spree and what came of it." Ten took part in thio dialogue and each did his or her part splen didly, not a hitchb occrring during the whole piece. At the conclusion of the mee ing, an invitatiou was given to tany who wished to join,. and in response, feaour peraoos too0 thi pledge of the band of hope. Warrnsa, from London, to a friend in Syd ney, F. P. Mavion, "the pug.," tbus robs it in to the Australian elevin, whioh reoently finished its tour in the old land :-" I am nahamed of the cricket team yoe have over here to represent ?; the kids at school heboat them." This, after the serioeo of deferts the eleven snstaieed, is surely "the Uonkindoet eoo of all." Tao South QCueensland Wine Company's (Ipswiob) Wines-- nRed and White-are now on the Market. They arethoroghly maturded0 and highly reeommeodped for Invalids. A trial is reepectfully soiioited. ForSaleby all Wine and Spirit Merchants.-{[Arvr.j 44 