THE CONDEMNED ABORIGINAL JACKBY. CO THS BDITOB. Sir— I have been looking In the dictionary for the definition of the word ' Phantom,' and I find Webster gives it as ' an appari tion, a ghost.' Turning to tha word 'ghost'! see it Is denned as 'the soul of a person deceased, a spirit appearing after death.' This then leads one to speanlate as to who toe 'Phantom' may be whose brutal sentiments appear b your issue this morning. Surely It is Hero, Caligula, or perhaps Charles IX. of France, still unable to free himself from the influence of his crafty mother. If my conjecture* be wrong it is still very evident that '* Phantom' is a kindred spirit of these once noted persons. I had hoped that the days were past when ghosts of this kind walked the earth, but I suppose that while they can find their like in snob writers u ' Ami del Noba' and otben of his claaa we moat expaot them to come hither. '? Birds of a feather flock together.' It is of course useless to argue with a phantom whose doom is already sealed, but for the sake of his kindred spirits who are still dwellers of this earth a word of warning may not be out of season. Some of them are very fond of putting themselves in the position of the murdered man's relatival. But how is the death of Jackey to benefit these ? Will it restore their lost one to them again? No. Now let these writers put themselves in the position of Jackey's relatives. If a white man had committed a crime, would any one dream of punishing all his relations ? If it be advisable to haug Jackey in the presence of his tribe, or to photograph the execution and send copies to bis friends, why has not the same thing been done whenever a white man has b-en hanged ? What would ba the public feeling if such scenes of horror took pleca in cur streets? But if it be justice then it should be done, and sentimentality put aside. I am aware that I shall be told I do not know acy thine about the blacks, and am cot capable of judging in the matter. Bat I have read the testimony of sach writers as Mr. Lindsay and many others, who have been studiously ignored by those who dare cot argue with them, and who have only abate aa their weapon*- Bnt ' Phan tom' bas opened cur eyes, and we now kaoir whence such sentiments come. I am, Sir. 4c , EMMA E. HOLDEN. Jasuary 21. 