STRAY SPARKS. ? a ? What a satire on English rule in Ireland. Mr. Balfout's criminal, William O'Brien, is about to be married to a rich Parisian heiress. A toy is not always a plaything. The law suit Ah Toy v. the Melbourne Customs Department is to be carried on appeal to the Privy Council. For information or the many Orangemen who regularly read the Freeman, we may state that the Cardinals at the Vatican receive in salaries ,-3750,000 a year. The Mayor of Sydney gave a banquet to the Mayors and aldermen of N. S. W. on Monday, April 14th. It would be worth Sd bo see them feeding. According to current gossip the Eddy libel waa written by an ex-clerk of the Eailway Depart ment, who will soon find himself in troubled waters. David Christie Murray, a traveller of much ex perience, thinks that no scenery in Europe can compare with the West Coast bounds and cold lakes of New Zealand. As many countries lay claim to the birthplace of St. Patrick as did cities to that of Homer. Cvui ously enough Ireland, with which his name is bo closely associated, is not among the number. The cablecrammer has been at work again by announcing John L. Sullivan's death. A denial has, however, followed. From this we infer that cablecrammers are becoming more scrupulous. Mr. Parnell denounces tli9 Land Purchase Bill now before the House of Commons as a swindle designed to benefit Irish landlords at the expense of: the British taxpayer. This confirms the opinion of the Freeman, as expressed weeks ago. The Pope has set apart .£14,000 per annum for the assistance of poor churches and priests. Last year he thus distributed .£12,000. No doubt John Hayne3 will be much interested in the balance. Will Uncle Abigail pos8 as a distinguished colonist ? Though, unlike George Washington, he cannot style himself father of his country, he has proved an accommodating relative to the man generally credited with the title. The result of the first batch of S3uth Austra lian elections was decidedly in favour of the Go vernment. Four ministers in the Lower House were all returned, and of the twenty others eleven belong to the ' ins.' Temperance people are not necessarily lovers of good pure water. For instance, the Orange order embraces many professing Blue Eibbonitcs, yet old Nick himself has not a more intense aver sion to holy water. As was anticipated in these columns when the cable news firBt reached here, the defection of Lord Eandolph Churchill caused a sensation among the Tories. Members of tho party refused to supply him with a glass of water while he was speaking. Mr. Knox, an Ulster Protestant, who, after .'a brilliant University career, has become a Felliw of All Souls' College, Oxford, was elected by the Irish party as candidate for the late Mr. Biggar's seat. Mr. Knox has already worked hard for the Home Rule cause. Literary ciitics and ghouls will find it safer to gird at the dead than at the living. This re minds as that Victor J. Daly, who has gained con siderable reputation as a poet, is reported to have commenced a libel action against David Blair, the Froude manque of the Southern hemisphere. Criticizing Dilke's work on ' Greater Britain' the Star says that Mr. David Syrne could have become the apostle o£ Protection as George has been that of Land Nationalization. Now, we have always thought that Protection was the policy of the world before Symo was born. It is an ill wind which blows nobody good. Owing to the Darling flood Broken Hill and Dis trict Water Supply Co., Limited, expect to fill Menindie and Speculation Lakes, thus securing an unlimited supply of water to the district. The people up there once burnt an effigy of Abigail be cause that model teetotaller could not give them water enough. John Haynes, M.L.A., who condescends to serve this country for ,£300, once made a joke about Ninny Melville's occupation, and is continually boring us with othera. He Bays that the two leading Junee Protectionists, both undertakers, tried to put him in a hole last week. The crumbs from tho Orange table so in vigorate the scrupulous John that he must indulge in grave jokes. There were in our beautiful harbour last week eight warships, ranging from the stately Orlando to the Queensland gunboat Palutnan. Along with these were the P. and O. Britannia, the Orient Austral, the Australien and the Kaiser Wilhelm of the French and German Companies respectively. These latter are perhaps the four finest boats trading here. According to Count de la Chappelle, who has recently published a work on Australia, Morgan, the bushranger, was a Frenchman o£ the very highest position in Parisian society, but owing to being involved in certain scandals during the last years of Louis Philip's reign was banished. Mr. Chappelle met Morgan and received from him a mudaillon to present to a very grand lady. The story is romantic, but the present writer has met sundowners in Riverina who could beat it by a lot. In the forthcoming issue of the Centennial Magazine will appear an ode dedicated by a pro minent statesman to his latest achievement, and commencing thus : Bite a bunny, Pretty sonny, Sweet as honey From the bee. Little laddie Gay and gladdie, Tender daddy Don't you see ? From the doggy In the boggy Frightened t'reggy Quickly flew. Garden 'Oney Ain't got money, Nor a bonnie Bab like you* &c;, &Q.t; &C; Tiie now postal scheme is what is sometimes contemptuously termed a ' tuppenny ha'ponny job.' A man is usually anxious to meet his darling, bub the remark does not apply to the inhabitants of Bourke. A poiiceman recently informed the court that a prisoner was in drink. Cross-examination showed that the case was vice versa. The expenses of the Irish members in connec tion with the Special Commission amount to The model of the proposed Hyde Park Railway is being exhibited. Let us hopa the model will not assume larger proportions. An agitation has been organized against the Jews in France, and the Rothschilds have been publicly denounced. We have not heard that their trade rival Uncle Abigail has been molested. In his rather priggish lecture on ' Men who have risen' Mr. Carruthers made some allusions to Homer and Demosthenes. Ifc is scarcely proper to thus trespass on the domain of a f ello w-Ministr r. A Protectionist meeting was recently held at St. Mary's — not at the Cathedral though. Other wise we would not have tho Noose maintaining an ' ominous silence' over the matter. Had we Graham Berry in place of Dibbs, or a David Symo to conduct a newspaper, how long would Parkes remain ia power or tee Daily Tele graph stick to its present policy ? Bismarck intends to offer him soli: as a candi date for a seat in the Reichstag. The coming elections are likely to provide a family contest, Bismarck v. the Hohenzollerns. John Haynes once wrote of Parkes : ' He com menced life with a Gd and is likely to die without one.' The Orange faction had not then dis covered the utility of a scrupulous and truthful tool. Mr. J. P. Abbott says that he will stick to fede ration without regard to the fiscal or other ques tions. We have not the least doubt that he will while it is safe to do so. A sign of the times. Lord Randolph Church ill, whose desertion has so embarrassed the Torie3, recently gave a dinner at which the Prince of Wales met Dick Power, the Whip of the Irish party, renowned as a wit. It is said that at the passing of the Union, cer tain Irish members were glad that they had a country to sell. We know at least one N. S. W. member who was fortunate enough to have a re Jigion to sell. The 'swap' brought him the crumbs from the Orange table, and these kept him alive until Dan O'Connor's .£300 a year came round. Henniker Heaton must not claim all the credit for the cheap postage about to be established be tween Australia and England. Just before the laot mail left the Leeds Chamber of Commerce had petitioned Parliament to reduce the rate. Moreover, the scheme is calculated to benefit the grand old mother country — or old grandmother country, as you will — at the expense of her ' chil dren,' and thus cavours of Imperialism. When Sir Rowland Hill was at Somerset House, for he served in the Inland Revenue as well as in the Post- office department, he waa in the habit of providing good things for his relatives, who wore berthed all over the building. This gave rise to the conundrum, ' Why is Sir Rowland Hill like the rising sun ?' Answer : ' Because ho tips the little hills with gold.' WnAT a satire on our Grand Old Sham, Parkes ! While he is wrangling with two neighbouring colonies for daring to use the Murray water, a tributary of that river overflows its banks and destroys valuable towns. Senility and infancy are not far removed, and considering- recent events ' our only statesman' would be better employed in the nursery singing doggy froggy odes to ' Stranger babby, uncle Abi, &c;, &c;,' or turning the bardic hurdy gurdy in praise of 'Sydney Burde,' than in administering the affairs of a great nation. The mantle of Sir Rowland Hill has descended on poor Robert Dennis, and we propose that when penny postage is universally established the effigy of Heaton's ghost should replace those of the Queen and Dan O'Connor's emu. By the way, a good story about Sir Rowland is told by Anthony Trollope. When the novelist waa in the Post office Department a deputation of clerks waited on Sir Rowland, their chief, and urging some reform, made sarcastic allusion to 'official phrase ology.' This nettled the great man and gave him his opportunity. ' xes, said lie, ' olhcial phraseology is a curious thing. Every day I address you fellows and wind up by saying ' I am, Sir, your obedient servant,' but I'm d ? d if I'm any such thing.' Last Tuesday an incident cropped up in the Sydney police-courts, which strangely recalls O'Connell's victory over Biddy Moriaoty. An Austrian named Mariowitch was addressing some people in George-street in his own tongue, the language of Goethe and Schiller, Heine and Wilhelm Meister, when a policeman came along land 'ran him in' for using obscene language. The unfortunate, foreigner was fined 20s. Now, tho writer, from a very scant knowledge of German rudiments, knows that the phrase ' damit' is innocently used in every other Teu tonic sentence, and is of opinion that the above case should be instantly brought under the notice of our learned Minister for Justice. The German lingered on the street And mused on distant Vaterland. A policeman said, ' Upon this beat No man I dare allow to stand. Move on,' ' Damit,' the Teuton gasped, To find himself by collar grasped. No more a citizen at large, But locked up on a ' langwidge ' charge. The constable in court next day, Resorted to tho common plan. ' Damn it,' out loud he dare not say, But wrote it so that Bench might scan. His spelling being rather bad, 'Damit' was just the word he wrote. ' Dot's ride,' admitted pris'ner sad, The Bench r plied, ' You're fined a note.' Mr. Henry Daly, who supplied tho clock for the Sydney Town-hall, is tho successful tenderer for the General Post office tower-clock, 