Recipes. POOR MAN'S GINGER SNAPS. I MolnFPp?, one cap; batter, two tablsepoon fills; Ringer, one til>le3puonful; Bcde, one tab'.e.'riconfu); Sour enough to roll out thiu. Boil tbe trends and stir in tbo better, ginger and coda rolled fine, nnd stir in the Hour while hot; roll thin, cut and bake. i>nnrriu> imccrr. U'en housewives the most thrifty unawares At times aro taken, when tbe varied cares Of life upon their eouls as heavy tit Aa did tbo ghosts on lliehard's. Then most fit Fot all who care their troubled state to cheer, And change to jocund emileit tbe Etartioc tear. A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally tbera is not a crumb IVcpared to eat. Then it ia well to know A rtcipe like this I givo below. Take one pint floor, (tod salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet. Mixed well within tho flour. And then you tako - A teaipoonful besides of lard. And raako Your doui;li, with milk: administered, to bo 01 mush (rwi/rnusb), tha narao consistency, Thon drop (imull quantifier) into the pan, And nave your oven juet th« heat (yon can) To make the biiouit crifii. Try it, pray do ! And you will say, 1 know, " Our thanks to you.' 1 Mitr.t> .\ri i.c Doiruxc;s. One pint of dried apples, cut, one hull pint of Bwect milk, two leaspootifuls of bak ing powder ned ono tablespuonfnl of butter orltrd. Vns flour sufficient to make into small biscuit*, and drop into boiling water and hoil quiokly til! the apples aro done. Out the apples into small bits with Ecissorp, and soak in warm water beforo making. Eas witb cream sauco flavored with nuttnef. chicken riK. Single and piiboil a pair of chickens, out them up and cook till quite tender. Uncover when neatly dono and let the watjr boil away till reduced one-half. Line a largo, deep pan : with biscuit dopgh mado very ehcrt and rolled about ao inch thick, and put in the ohicken cut into finer pieces, with butter, salt, popper, a dredging of flour, and their own gravy. Cover sod bake till the uppor crust, is brown.; Serve with manned potato. '• '■'■•" ' "•'"-"' ' lltlSI! HTKW. " ; Cut two" pounds ot tbo neck of mntton into small pieces, put it into a kettle with ono onion eliced and a bunch of pot herbs nicely dreeeed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add two tablespoonfuta of lice, simmer ten minutes, add two potatoes cut into dice, and while they are cooking tan minutea | lonrcr, make yourdumplings. Put a pint ot | flour into a bowl, add a teaFpoonful of salt and n heaping tearpoontul of baking powder, rnoieten this with ahout n gill of milk ; the dough must be rofl. Form it lightly into ball;, dry them on top of the ptew, cover the kettle, boil (en minute, reaeon nnd cerve. iiimiT pocnu ncsiPLivfis. Make very li^ht bread-dough into email balls the ni7.e of erg*. Have r-jailyn pot of water, boiling fast. Drop in tha duaipliogif, take care to have tho water more than cover them. Corer the pot nnd boil tor twenty minutes steadily,- without lifting the cover. If it stops boiling for a moment, the damn lines will be heavy. Serve hot witb butler »nd eogsr for dersert. : . 