Selsotloas from Sickens'. Yon fear the world too much. "AIT your other hopes have merged into the hope of being beyond the chance of its sordid re proach. I have seen your nobler aspirations fall off one by one until the master-passion Gain, engrosses yon. "I will honor Christmas in my heart and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The Spirits of all three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.' " He has the power to render us happy or unhappy ; to make our service light or bur densome : a pleasure or a toil. Say that his power lies in words and looks : in things- so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count them up ; what then ? The happiness he gives is quite as groat as if it cost a fortune." " I have always thought of Christmas time when it come round as a good tim 1 ; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pieasant time ; the only time I know of, in the Jong calendar of the year, when ttuu and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think, of people below them as if they really were fellow passengers to the grave and not another race uf creatures bound on other journeys." " It is required of every man," the Ghost replied, " that the spirit within hrin should walk abroad among his fellow-men, and travel far and wide ; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death. It is doomed to wander through Ihe world and wi'iuss what it can uot share, but might have shared on ea-th and turned to hap piness. I wear the chain I forged in life. I in ids it link by link, and yard by yard ; I girded it on ot my own free will and of my own free will I wore it. Is its pattern strange to you ?" "I believe there are quiet victories and struggles, great sacrifices of self, and noble acts of heroism in life — even in many of its apparent lightnesses and contradictious — not the less difficult to achieve because they have no earthly chronicle or audience— done every day in nooks aud corners, and in little households and in men's and women's hearts — any one of which might reconcile the ster nest man to such a world and fill him with belief and hope in it though two-fourths of its public were at war, and another fourth at law, and that's a bold word." Oh cold, cold, rigid, dreadful Death, set up thine alter here and dr.ss it with such terrors as thou , hast at thy command: for this IB thy dominion ! But of the loved, rer vered, and honored heal, tlnm cause not turn one hair to thy dread purposes or make one feature odious. It. is not that the hand is heavy and will fall down w hen released ; it is not that the heart and pulse are still ; bat that the hand wis open, generous and true ; the h-.-arr brave, warm, and tender ; and the pnlse a man's. Scrike, Shadow, Strike 1 and s-e his good do ;ds springing from the wound to sow the world with life immmtal. "The voice of Time cries to man, Ad vance ! Time is for his adv mo unmit and im provement : for his greater worth, his greater happiness, his better life ; his Drogress on ward to that goal within its knowledge and its view and set there, iri the period when time and he began. ' -Ages of darkness, wick -duess, and violence, have come and -goni-, millions uncountable, have Buffered, lived and died, to point the way before him. Who seeks to turn him back, or stay him on his course, arrests a mighty engine which will 8rrike' the meddler dead: and be the fiercer and the wilder, eyer, for its momen tary check." 0\. Home our comforter and friend when others fall away, to part with whom at any step between |tlie cradle and the grave, is always sorrowful.- O, Home so. true to us so often slightsd in return, be lenient to them that turn away-from thee and do not haunt their erring footsteps too reproachfully ! Let no kind looks. 110 ivell-remembered smi es, be seen upon thy phantom face. L.t no ray of affection, welcome, gentleness, forbearance, cordiality shine from thy white head. Let no old loving word or tone rise up in judge ment against thy des :rier ; but if rhou canst look harshly arid severely, do, in mercy to the penitent one. Had he dream d ? Or are his sorrows and joys and the actors in them but a dream ; the teller of this tale a dreamer, waking but now ? If it be so, 0 listener dear to him ihall his visions, try to bear in mind the stern reali ties from which these shadows come ; and in your sphere — none is too wide and none to limi ted for such an end —endeavour to correct, im- orove aud soften them. So inav the New year he a happy one to von, happy to many more whose happiness depends on yon. So may each ; year be happier than the last, and not the meanest of our brethren or sister hood he debarred their rightful share in what our Great Creator formed them to enjoy. "Oh : Captive, hound and double-ironed, not to know that ag-s of incessant Janor by immortal creatures for the earth must pass into eternity before the good of which it is ausceptahle is all. develop-) 1. Not to know that any christian Bpirit working kindly in its little spher-, whatever it might lie, will find its mortal life too short, for its vast mi-ans- of usefulness. Not to know that no,apace for regret cast ; make anieiids for one life's opportunity misns-d. Yet such was 1 ! Oh ! such was I. Why did I walk through crowds of fellow beings with my eyes turned down and never raise them to the blessed Star which led the wise men to the poor abode. Were there no poor homes to which its light would have conducted uie ? ' "But gen'lemen, dealing with other men like me, begin at. the right end. Give us, in mercy, better homes when we are a-lying in onr endies ; give 11s better food when we are a-working for our lives ; give us a kinder law; to bring us back when we are a-going wroi/.s:, and don't set j lii, jail, j til, afore ns every'"- where we turn. There aint a condescension1" yon can show the laborer then, that he won't take as ready and as graceful as a man can be ; for he has a patient, peaceful, willing heart. But you most put his rightful spirit in him first ; for whether he's a wr ck, and rnin such as me, or is like one of them that stand here now, his spirit is divided from you at this time- Bring it back, gentlefolks bring it back ! Bring it back afore the day noines when even his Bible changes in his altered mind and the words seem to him to read as they have sometimes read in my own eyes — in jail : " Whither thou goest I can not go ; where thon lodgast, I do not lodge ; thy people .are not my people ; uo-r thy Gon my God !" 