; , ' T^Xe© ana #k@t@&6a CLAUDE LE VERRON, (Written expressly for The Tasmania*,.) ?.'?? Br John S. Nottage, .Author of 'Dr. Longhurst's Mistake,' ... ' WeBtdale,' 'Dr. Delmont,' etc. ? CHAPTER V. — NEWS FKOM AFAR. - il^^^allTTLE Mr Playfuir sat in his M msHS private roffice, a very snug and In jgSgfH pleasant office indeed, quite a 1'— ?? Hiuisll striking contrast to the gene Tality of lawyer's private offices. I am not sure whether its clean, bright paint, its polished steel fireplace, ils ereen Venetian blinds, its shining brass rods a-round its very substantial desk, and ita massive .oaken table, were the work or ?accomplished wish of Mr Playfair alone ; I am. inclined to the opinion that Mrs Playfair had something to do with it. But bright and cheerful as it was, it seemed exactly in keeping with the rosy facod, blue-eyed little man who dealt with tthe weighty matters of the law, without .becoming unseasonably grave, or sour or ?sallow, as we know the great majority of men do who spend their lives in poring over parchments, musty volumes of corn ?mentaries, informations, indictments, any the like. It was 10 o'clock a.m., the hour at which Mr Playfair ostensibly ?commenced his duties ; though in reality those duties were the occupation of his touBy brain a good many hours before the office was opened, and very frequently doprived him of tho Blumber which is necessary even in a calling where one is supposod to be always wide awake. His clerk had been perched on his high Btool in the office since nine, and had been ?endeavouring with but indifferent success ?to keep a client waiting patiently until Mb employer bustled in. The moment ttie clerk heard the green baise door shut ?and Mr Play fair's chair drawn to the oaken.table, he tapped at the side entrance, and receiving the usual intimation, ' Come' in,' put his head in at the door way and informed his m istor that ' a gentleman wished to sco him on business of the greatest consequence.' ' Show him in,' said Mr Playfair. The clerk obeyed, and uahtrdd in a young man of swarthy complexion, tall stature, and upright carriage. There was a firmness yet a flexibility in his move ments that told of health, strength, and well trained muscles. 1 1 hope you have not beon inconveni enced by my dilatoriness,' said Mr Play fair. ' I really ought to be in my office earlier, but tho pressure of business kept mo up so late last night, that I wns glad to. take advantage of the rule I made when I commonced practioe ; not to be accessible before 10 a.m.' The stranger smiled pleasantly! 'In convenience is not to be taken into con eideration in a matter of such importance as that which I have in hand. I have just arrived in England from Tasmania. I have reasons for believing that jou knew and were' interested in Mrs Le Ver ron, the wife of the Ilev. LeVerron : am I right f ' Yes, I wns and am interested in the t'ffiUrs-, of ? Mrs La Vorrbn, though some ytara have elapsed sincd I heard from her or anything about her.' ':..'..-? V The stranger's: countenance': usually cheerful became overcast. ,'You have, not heard from her for yearn'?' he asked with evident surprise. ?I con tell 'you the date of her last communication ; that is, of the last oom m'uriioation I rcceivedfrbm her.' ' ) The lawyer opened hia deak and took frcm a secret draweria letter bearing the Melbourne postmark. ' Yes, three/years, have passed away sines I got this.' ? ..?'Pardon' me, the handwriting is I think similar to this.' ^/ ; . ' ; Tho s'rangbr took a pocket laook from his coat and. held a letter towards Mr, Plujfair, who compared the handwriting; ' There is a striking resomblancV he re marked,, 'and it is a; very peculiar hand.' . '1 had hoped. to find the obj.ct of many years anxiety and search was in constant communication 'with you. It is a great disappointment to find that the correspondence has ceased.' 'Not more go I venture to .assert than the cessation of that correspondence is to me,' replied Mr Playfair. 'Mrs Le Ver ron was the daughter of my dearest and most trusted friend. Her marriage seemed to be but the consummation of a life happy beyond the lives of most poor mortals; and when a calamity, go overwhelming that it almost upiet her reason, overtook her, I felt as much sympathy for her, and endeavoured to mitigate her suffering as earnestly as if she had been my own daughter.' 'The calamity to which you allude was the sudden and mysterious disappearance of her husband, was it not V ' ' Yea. It is almost too much to hope, but as the adage has it ' while there is life there is'hope,' and therefore I venture to ssk you if you were acquainted with Le Verron?1 'Decidedly I was. To say the truth, the calamity of which you spoke: waB brought about ' by my instrumentality, though quite involuntarily on my part.' Mr Playfair stared. 'Your name sir, excuse me, you have not told me your name.' ' : 'Claud Le Verron,1 replied the stranger, seeming to enjoy the little man's astonishment.' ?'.''?. - 'And the Rev Rupert Le Verron waB, ;' . .'??..'.? . ' My couBin. 'I b-lieve we shall find on going into this matter, that . some mistaken identity ?_? haB ?- been the cause of years of tribulation and suffering to poor Lily. ? .There was a bitter enemy of .the Le Verrons, ? an enemy not without cause-it is true, who wreaked her yeDgenoe' on' poor Rupert instead of upon mo'; at least that is my notion of Rupert's disappearance. But that Lily should have' ceased to corres pond with you pnzz'es me exceedingly. I hope,I trust, I pray she may not be dead. I have come to this part' of England . for no other purpose worth mentioning than thiB ; to reunite thoso two poor. souls who were go much more to each other than the majority of married couples seem to me to be.' - ' ''??..' Mr Playfair,' who thinks a groat deal of his wife; and whose wife: idolizes him, demurs to this statement of opinion, but makes ho remark, save that '' he ardently hopes Mr Le Verron will be successful.' ' But I am beaten at the very outset. This letter you will perceive is dated about three months after the disappear ance of Rupert. In it Lily informs me that she will shortly land ' in Melbourne, and that if I have any of the old affection I wasted on her left for her still, I am to be there to meet her, and to aid her in her search for the man she chose before me. She grieves, as she has grieved, that she should have been the cause of suffer ing to me, but that she had no more power over her heart, than I had over mine. She loved Rupert, she admired and respected me. I had been a staunch true friend in the past and would, she feels sure, aid her to the utmost though she had given mo pain.' ' I did not re ceive this lotter UDtil some time after Bhe ought to have landed. Directly I had read it I looked over-the newspaper files of the date when it seemed probable she would have arrived, but not such name was in any of the passenger lists. From that time to this I have been continually on the alert to discover any traces of her thereabouts, and have used every means in my power to obtain tidings of her, but not till a memorable day, three months ago did I obtain the desired information. I was at an up country township, which consisted of an hotel, a stoie, and a butoher's shop, when a traveller duBty and travelled-stained came to the door of the hotel, called for refoshment for himself, and above all he said a good feed for his horse. Tho voice was familiar to me ; I looked at the face. It was a puzzle tome, I-seemed to recognise it,yet could not say to whom it belonged. As we sat at dinner, haying taken care to place my seat opposite to his, I watched him stealthily. His face was thin, sallow, his eyes deeply sunk beneath a massive but care marked forehead. His brown beard streaked with grey. It seemed grossly improbable but nevertheless it was juot possible that there before me wob the eloquent lecturer at St Swithin's, of whom I had not heard for so many years, but who wsb associated in my mind with somewhat painful memories; Every moment the conviction that the stranger was my long loBt cousin Rupert, became strengthened. But ' again and again I resisted the impulse to speak,' and to ascertain if . possible the: fact of the stranger's identity, with Rupert. While I was thus exercised in my mind about him, I was summoned from the room by the itinerant lawyer' whom I was to accompany to the courthouso at Ravens wood, and when I returned to the dinning roonrtbo individual who had so attracted my attention had gone. I was angry with myself for not acting with more decision ; yet when 1 reflected on past events I felt certain that I must be mistaken. The man that I had imagined to be my cousin Rupert', was far more like an unfortunate gentleman who had but recently come to an- untimely end io the island where I had been spending a few happy montha, and whose death on tho eve of a pleasure, excursion had deeply affected me. I began to think that my strong matterof fact brain was beginning to play me false, that I was allowing fancy to deal with reality in such a way that I should soon be the prey of hallucination. Well, I dismissed the subject from my mind, and went with the lawyer to the courthouse. We returned late in the evening, and. Morton the lawyer, who was one of the moat pleasant companions I ever en countered, waB giving me some of his strange experiences. Among others he aaid.waa the c»se of Mrs Le Verron, which, showed what might happen to a lady in Victoria. Yon may be sure, Mr Play fair, I prioked up my ears at tho mention of the family name, which my father had dropped when misfortune reduced him so that to remain in England was a thought unendurable. I was known and my father was known only by the name of my mother's family — the Wynyards. ' This Mrs Le Verron.' said Morton,' was a young and good- looking woman, who had, for some reason best known to herself, engaged as a governeas with a squatter named Duncombe, a fine old fellow, who had adopted the orphan daughters of a very dear friend. The master of Cooloo was brought home dead through a fall from hie horse, and the station became the property of his nephew, a coarse, brutal fellow, the very opposite of his uncle in every respect. Ho took a fancy to the governess, and mado love to h?r with characteristic pertinacity ; but his persistence alarmed the poor lady, who precipitately left the place and hurried to. Melbourne. Duncombe sent her luggage after her, and she hastened to get a situation ' cf any sort that a lady could take, as she was all but pennilesB, not having received b-r ' salary when her employer was killed. Returning to lodgings where Bhe had caused her luggage to be brought from Cobb's office, she waB surprised by the presence of a stranger, who intimated that she was wanted at tho Police Office. You can readily understand the terror, the excite ment, the horror such a thing.as an arrest must be to a gentlewoman, alone, friend less, unknown, in.suoh a city as Mel bourne. The charge against her waB that of having secreted certain articles,among them a. valuable diamond ring, in her portmanteau. Of courso the -secreting was the work of Mr Jack Duncombe, in revenge for hia rejection ; but the. conse- quences to the poor lady would have been seriouB indeed, had not the elder of the two adopted daughters coma forward and stated that it was the full intention of Mr Duncombe to make the governess a present of the ring, and so I constructed a plausible theory, and the magistrates moved a little by my eloquence and a great deal by the lady'a good looks, dis missed the case.' . 'And what became of- her— Mrs Le Verron ?' I asked. ; - ' Heaven knows ! I don't,' answered Morton. ' I turned the ring into money for her, and so she was Haved from the pressure of immediate want. But I had only a few days in Melbourne after that incident' This information set me thinking. Lily had evidently come to Melbourne, but had changed her name as we had done. I went to the newspaper files once more and spent hours examining them. There aura, enough' about the titno that 1 had been looking' for her arrival was the name of Vernon, her maiden name.under which it seems she had engaged with this squat ter. I resolved to advertise, and did so with a very different rcault from that which I anticipated or hoped for. This is the result,' Mr Playfair took from the extended hand of his client a letter, which LeVerron requpsted him to read. ' To Mr Frank Wynyard. ' Dear Sir, —I have seen an advertise ment in the Argus and other papers, earnestly desiring information respecting L. That your motive in seeking for information ia in the highest degreo cre ditable to you I know full well, because Frauk~Wynyard could do nothing that was otherwise than honourable, kind, and un selfish. It will therefore set at rest any anxieties that may trouble your mind, to be assured that the object of your solici tude isaafo,and to a certain extent happy, in a position where her virtues and accom plishments are appreciated ; that there watches over her one who though un unworthy by reason of influences, which have marred his life, yet finds in devotion to her interests some solace for the stings and arrows of outrageous fortune. That she is unconscious of this guardianship, and that, the even tenour of her way would be painfully disturbed by the knowledge, is a sufficient reason why the writer of these lines desires to remain U- known. Mr Playfair untied the packet of letters from which be had taken the last com munication from Mrs Le Verron, and drew out another letter — the frantic note that poor Lily had found in th» library after her husband's disappearance. 'Ah! the same ; look, sir ; the letter of the un known iB in the same handwriting as this. Read it — it may throw some light upon ths cause of his flight.' Frank read the letter with, sundry exclamations of anger, astonishment, and finally with one of satisfaction. ' I who have no right thus to address you.' ' What doeB he mean by that I wonder 1 If ever a; woman was dear to a man, Lily was to Rupert. ' I who have irremediably injured and— horrible word — degraded you. ' ' Confound the fellow; he must be mad ! degraded indeed. It was no more possible to degrade Lily than to atop .Niagara — ' have done all that I can do in reparation, which is to take my wretched self out of your life for ever. God help me ! God have mercey upon me ! But my sorrow is greater than I can bear. I, who have preached to others of the love of our Father, can only discern through this black cloud the dim face .of an angry God. Pity .me, Lily, and forgive me ; but, oh', remember that this awful sorrow is my unhappy Inheritance, not-my own seeking. Go to your home my child, my love, for I am a homeless and what is worse 'a nameless man. Go to the parents who . gave you to a man they thought worthy of you ; and when their a*ger and indignation have become modified, tell them that I was, and shall be, while this wretched life last*, - . ??' . .;.;.. '? . Yours only, ' Poor Rupert ! I can sec it all plainly now. Itjs, aa I suspected, a caae of mia taken identity, and the sin of the father has come upon the supposed child. Sen sitive to the extreme— imbued with the most exalted ideas of the sacrednesa of his calling, the very idea of a stain or a slur, or the ghost of a shadow of shame attaching itself to his name, was something to him so- horrible that it overwhelmed him and upBot temporarily his reason. Aa for common sense, from what my father has. told me about him, 1 don't think he waCmiich troubledrby it he ?' seems to have been a shy, .- lofty enthusiast ; a aort of evangelical Thomaa a-Kempis. HaVeiyou any. idea of what events preceded, the production cf this erazy epistle.?'. \ . ' ? Only what Mrs LeVerron told me. It seems to have been written the day following a visit from Bome. unknown person —a lady who went to the parsonage in the evening, or rather at night, in a fearful storm, and who had a long inter view with Le Verron ; an interview which seemed to have deeply affected him, for Mrs Le Verron said that he had aged vitibly, and that his white, drawn face was shocking to look upon.' \--Frank sprang to his feet, to the great astonishment ot Mr Playfair. ' Just as I thought,' he exclaimed. ' That she-devil, Mrs Blantyre,haa-reaked her vengeance on poor Rupert Olaude instead of myself, Claude. You see, Mr Playfair, we are cousins, and both bear the name of Claude in honour our grandfather. But the name of Rupert was added to one of U3 when it was found that both fathers had conferred the Claude upon their t no Bons. Now I must give you a little ot the family history to make things plain to you. The two brothers, my father and Rupert's, were men of a very different stamp. My father was a sailor, like myself ; Rupert's was a professional man. Now you know sailors have a reputation for falling in love on the leaBt provoca tion, and, as old Dibdin Bings ? In every mess we find a friend, In every port a wife.' Whether we are all tarred with the same brush may be questioned, but certain it is that my father, who was a deucedly good looking fellow io hia younger daya (Mr Playfair glances at the young man admiringly, and makea the mental com' ment, ' I don't doubt It if you are at all like him.') camo across a handsome wench somewhere in his travels, and got linked in with her. She was a great deal deeper than the young, frank, devil- may-care fellow who had been smitten by her charmB, and she bo completely entangled him, that when some years afterwards he married my mother, she levied black mail on him to a frightful extent. When we cleared out for Australia she seems to have lost eight of him, and I think she must have miatakeu the Clnudo Rupert myx cousin for myself. A vindiotivo clever woman sbe undoubtedly is, and to hurl the son of the man Bhe hated from his high estate, was just such an action as she would glory in. Thus far tho drama is all plain sailing. If my meta phors are a little mixed don't mind them ; you are a man of words and I am one of deeds.' ' C think I may fairly claim to be a man of deeds too,' said Mr Playfair, laughing at his own little joke. ' Yes, so you are ; but to get on with this affair of poor old Rupert, I think we may conclude that he cleared out because of Mre Blantyre— that he went to Australia, and by some means got to know that his wife was there, that he ia watching over her. The only unsatis factory item is the cessation of her correspondence with you .' . 'If aha had more than one such ex perience as your friend Morton related, I am inclined to the opinion that she would cease to correspond with any all and every the friends of her youth.' 'It would seem from the reply to my advertisement, that she is, or at least vfaa comfortably situated at the time referred to. But I would make any amount of exertion, and Baor'fica a great deal, to re unite them. Ihat Rupert would suffer far more than I would under similar oir cumstancea, is only too true ; for to tell the truth 1 should refuse to Buffer at all, if the fault were another's, not my own. But then men are so differently constituted, that what iB death or worse than death to one, is a mere commonplace incident to another. I view my father's sin from a sailor's stand point—Rupert viewed his father's sup posed sin from that of the puritan. It seems to me that Mrs Blantyre must have produced an impression on his mind that he waB not his father's legitimate child — in short that the marriage of his mother w»b no marriage at all, inasmuch as she, Mrs Blantyre, was the real wife. I can't otherwise understand the allusions in Rupert'B letter. What a pity it is that my cousin couldn't and didn't take a practical view of the whole affair, and act like a man of common sense. But it's al ways the way with these transendental istio fellows ; they want to apply the rules and regulations of the place above to this contradictory, grovelling, distorted old world of ours, and when anything of a hitck occurs, down, comes the curtain and the actors are non eat.' 1 1 think, granting your hypothesis to be correct, it was more dread of the effect such revelations as you have alluded to would have upon his status as a clergy man than his morbid sensitkeneas, which caused him to take refuge in flight and obscurity. Ee was eminent by reason of his great power aa a preacher, and by the spotlessness of his life. That this saintly man, this gifted preacher of iighteouaneas should be the scoff, of the profane, the jeBt of the envious, the commiserated of the pharisaic, was more than such a 'one could bear ; bo 'he quits a world where strong temptations try, and since 'tis hard to combat learns to fly.' 'Ah, that is exactly where he and I ? would- have acted differently. I would, have given the spoilers scorn, and phari aees contempt ; I would have lived down the calumny, if calumny it was, or if true would have shown them by my. life that birth has little to do with character.' . Mr Playfair Bmiled. . ' You, Mr La Verron, are one of that most useful class of men the actors in thiB world ; your cousin waSj I fear, one of its dreamers.' ' Well, sir, I have taken up too much of your time already. I Bhall expect quite a startling bill for consultation ;. but as I am much concerned that the woman I once loved and would have made my wife should be driven as it wore from her homo and friends through the result of my poor father's youthful folly, I will see you again and again before I leave England. My ship will Bail on her return voyage' in about two months' time. So for the present, farewell.' .'?*... Frank, as we shall continue to call him, extended his muscular hand, and grasped the lawyer's Blender hand with a hearti ness that brought tears to the eyes of the little man, as it did to more than one of his friends, some of whom were wont to declare that they dreaded handshaking with him. I am bound to state that Frank was quite unconscious of thia, and that the better he liked either man or woman, the harder was the hand-squeeze which intimated his partiality. He hurried away to the d- cks, thence to the shipowners' offices in the city, and in the bustle of business forgot for a time cousin Ruport and Lily. (To le continued). V SEE DB. BIOHAEDS'S ADTIOB' TO MKK. PAGE 32. 