SKATING CARNIVAL. The members of the Albany T?inlring Club brought the skating season to a conclusion last night with a fancy dress carnival in the Town HalL By eight o'clock a very large number of spectators had assembled and the floor was occupied by skaters in every conceivable costume. The band of the Plantagenet Rifles played a number of selections during the evening. The stage was occupied by a distinguished party of viators, the carnival being urder the patronage of the Government Resident, Mr. R C. Loftie, and the Hon. J. A. Wright. Many of the fancy costumes were particularly good, and displayed great taste, and in several cases a keen sense of humor on the part of the masquerader. Amongst the many ladies who graced the scene witb their presence, Mies Edwards, as tbe result of the plebiscite subsequently proved, attracted universal attention by her graceful skating and very effective costume of la Mascotte. Miss Ridge way, as "Columbia," was arrayed in all the glory of the Stars and Stripes; and charming, indeed, did that young lady look as the "Gem of the Ocean." Miss Hurst wore a very effective costume, entitled "Cards," in which a pack of playing cards was artistically arranged on a red skirt. We think the Gipsy fortune-teller would have been a more expressive designation of tbe costume. One or two of the very, very young ladies, decidedly and annus takeably under 14, looked as pretty as only pretty children can look when they are prettilly dressed and happy in the excitement of the moment. Little Miss Brotheridge about two feet nothing, looked very sweet as a " wasp," and so did the little flower girls, the Misses A. Edwards and Miss Gribble. Amongst the gentlemen the character of the evening for completeness and manner in which it was sustained was the wild, untutored savage of the forest, the typically ferocious and handsome red Indian of Feoimore Cooper (Mr. C. Bird). The Plantagenet rifleman reversed was amusing, and the idea is a good one and should be adopted by our local volunteers, for if they adopt Mr. Humphries' costume of last night they can paradoxical asitmayseem, while retreating from the foe still keep their faces to the enemy. To be shot in the back will be no degradation to then, as they can still claim, if not " kilt entoirely," that they died facing the foe. Another rifleman appeared resplendent in red and a hairy hat of even more majestic proportions than the one we are so well accustomed to. The ghost of John Shaw (Mr. J. Knight) rose from the vasty deep for the occasion, having been apparently conjured up to mundane sport and frivolity by the worldrenowned Professor Baldwig and his partner in the mysteries, Miss Kate Bustle, portraits of whom the festive spirit bore npon his winding sheet. He also bore another symbol which had perhaps something to do with his resurrection, namely, a bottle of square-face gin; and the legend " Sometimes they work and sometimes they don't." We are glad to See the influence was effective in this case. The housemaid (Mr. T. Rowe) occasioned no little amusement when she fell in the mile race, by her frantio endeavors to get np gracefully. Mr. Ohlemeyer looked a genuine " Beefeater " of the time of good King Hal, and Mr. E. C. D. Keyser appeared most effective as a gorgeous Oriental. The juveniles were many of them very good. During the evening there were several promenades and inricate matches which were very well performed, and one or two races, The potato race was won by Mr. T. Keyser. the mile race by Mr. H. Armstrong, Mr. T. Keyser being seoond, and the boys' half-mile race fell to young Charlie Gribble, who literally flew by all his opponents. Little E. Hassell was second and H. Angove third. The Mayor (Mr. John Moir) presented the prizes to tbe successful competitors in the carnival, cards having been given to the general public on which to vote. As is not unusual in these cases, some misapprehension prevailed as to the manner of voting, and Miss Ridgeway, who undoubtedly deserved the prize for the " best fancy dressed lady " was awarded the prize for the " best fancy dressed girl under 14"; a delicate bnt somewhat equivocal compliment to the young lady. This deprived some little girl who is really under 14 from getting a prize, and in our humble opinion that little lady should have been Miss Brotheridge. However, the prizes were awarded on the popular vote as follows:— Best Fancy Dressed Lady.—Miss Edwards, " La Mascotte." Most Graceful Skater.—Miss Milne, "Good Luck." Best Fancy Dressed Girl under 14.—Miss Ridgeway. Best Fancy Dressed Gentleman.—Mr. C. Bird, " Indian Chief." Best Fancy Dressed Boy under 14.—Master C. Gribble, " Court Jester." The Honorary Secretary (Mr. Troode) thanked the Mayor for presenting the prizes; and his Worship responded, complimenting the members of the Club npon their gay appearance that evening, and wishing them every success in seasons to come. Mr. Troode was, throughout the evening, indefatiguable in his exertions to make things pass off well, and, in this, be was ably seconded by Mr. Gribble. The skating season has been a very successful one. and a very large ehare of the success is due to the Honorary Secretary. Following, we give a list of the ladies and gentlemen who appeared in costume:— Miss Edwards, La Mascotte; Miss Ridgeway, Stars and Stripes ; Mr. L. Ridgway, Highlander ; Miss G. McKenzie, Evening Dross; Miss E. Brotheridge, Wasp; Miss Milne, Good Luck; Miss L. Milne, Queen of May; Miss A. Edwards, Flower Girl; Miss Hurst, Cards; Miss M. Gribble, Flower Girl; Mrs. Ridgeway. Evening Dress; Mrs. A. Keyser, Evening Dress; Mr. F. Johnson, Christy Minstrel; Mr. A. Mitchell, Christy Minstrel; Mr. G. Herbert, Christy Minstrel; Mr. H. Armstrong, Christy Minstrel; Mr. J. McGovern, Soldier; Mr. A. Butcher, Smug, gler; Mr. T. Butcher, Man-of-Wars man; Mr. J. Butcher, Merchant Service Apprentice; Mr. F. Keyser, Athlete; Mr. E. Thurklc, Jockey; Mr. G. Keyser, Cricketer; Mr. T. Rowe, Housemaid; Mr. G. Humphries, Plantagenet Rifles; Mr. J. Knight, John Shaw's Ghost; Mr. W. J. Wisbey, Policeman (mounted); Mr. E. Keyser, Japanese; Mr. W. McKenzie, Clown; Mr. W. Ohlmeyer, Beefeater; Mr. G. Chester, Footballer; Mr. C. Bird, Indian Chief; Mr. L. McKcnzie, Clown; Mr. A." Birch, Cricketer; Master W. Jones, Jockey; Master E. Hassell, Cards; Master C. Gribble, Court Jester; Master C. Edwards, Footballer; Master W. Edwards, Cricketer; Master E. McKenzie, Athlete; Master A. Johnson, Stookman; Master H. Angove, Jack Tar. 