THE YOUNG FOLKS. MPAIIESE GHHJMtEN. Owing to tHcir longexclusiveoess, the Japanese race has many peculiarities which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their yoath are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. These youug people are intelligent aud keen, but they are so much upon the watch for our peculiarities hat it is easy to see they are not to the manner born ; they are the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. . To begin with the beginning, J apanese : babies are not pampered, and petted, aud mode into hothouse plants. Mothers work upon what is known as the toughening theory. Plenty of life in the open arr, often in a state of nudity and with the head shaved, is the common treatment. In the bouse babies are left much to their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European home is not seen auoong the Japanese. Thick mats are almost the only adornment, and that makes a splendid playground far the little children. Superstition begins with a child's birth, and. in order to keep off the bogies its first clothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, the material being dyed sky- blue lor that purpose. Among the wealthier families the " Reeord of Ceremony " says that "twenty-four baby robes, . twelve ef silk and twelve of cotton, must be prepared, tne hems being dyed saffron ooh ur," and that when the ehild has been washed ite body 44 must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed." The next important business is giving it a name. The oluld is taken to the temple aud merely presented there, without any religious ceremony. The father gives three names to the . priest, mid he writes them on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, and then, with certain forms, thrown into the air. _ The first that falls is the cbo3en name. This is written out on paper aud given to the ehild's parents to preserve. The priests at these times are usually very liberally dealt with by parents in the matter of presents, and they are expected to keep an a ccura te registry of the children pre sented at the temple. Then follows a family feast at home, at which time the child receive certain specified presents : if it is a girl, a pot of pomade ; if a boy, two fans. In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a long hfe. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes may be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but they must be left off on the one hun dred and twentieth, which is the tin set for weaning the child. There are elaborate cere monies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by hand begins then, if the child ia a boy it must be fed by a gentleman of the family ; if a girl, by a lady. When a boy is three > ears old sword-belt is buckled on. When he is seven he has two small swords put in it if he Happen to belong to the privileged class. Babies always have the head shaved until thev are four years old. then thiee little Batches are grown. Children in Christian lands are very fond of hearing stories like " Ginderella" aud 'Jack he Giant Killer," " Beauty and the Beast ; ' and, strange to say. Japanese babies have the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some also that are peculiar to them selves, like the story of the " Two Bamboos," which is here given : By the side of the bay of Yeddo, on a beauti ful bank grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, lusty, and strong ; the other graceful, drooping. and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker : " I should like to know what good yon are ! The smallest breeze makes yon bend your head almost double and sigh with pain. Look at me ! I don't care what wiud blows or what etorm comes from the sea. I e»n face them and feel the better for it." The slender bamboo, who was modest and retiriug, replied : " Yes, we are each suited to our vocationn life. You will be a stout coolie pole." "Coolie pole, indeed!" snorted her companion, contemptuously. 44 Not I ! nothing but the mast of a junk for me." 44 And I," said the slender bamboo, " I shall be used to decorate a house at the New Year festival, if I'm to be used at all." 44 Don't count on that," roughly said the big bamboo. " They'll make you into mats or something or other low. Why, you're fit for nothing e-se !" As he spoke a strong breeze came in from the sea and made the whole hillside quiver aud sigh— all but the stout bamboo, who merely bent nia head as if to say 44 Go on; it pleases you and don't hurt me," while the poor little one at his side bent, and swayed, and groaned to see so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twood-cuttera eame. 44 Orra ! Orra !" they cried. 14 Here's a fine fellow for Hinashi's junk !" " Told you so." whispered the big bamboo. " Now for life I Anything rather than stop on this bank spend ing the best year® of one's life in listening to yourjroamngs." The axes were plied, and he fell with a thundering crash. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and ealled her their 44 Silver Spray." One day there was a great hullabaloo in the plantation. 44 What is the matter ?" asked the i bamboo of her neighbour. 44 They are going to build a house here for the Prince of Tosa." replied the tree, 44 and we're all to be swept away." And the next day the wood-cutters came and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the sand were thrown the beautiful flowers and the graceful clusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled aud wondered when her turn would come. At length the de stroyers approached her, and a was swing ing his axe in the air to give her the fatal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard 44 No ; don't kill Silver Spray— please don't !" The mail dropped his axe, and Bhe was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to & beautiful garden, where they panted heron a bank overlooking the sea. One day wm.Aw water was churned totodarfc-green mountains of waves, and in all directiona junk could he seen flying to the j to. for alt f "iut to bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris Next: morning the shore was strewn . with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the remains recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked ! L Sft-h8 men him to the foot 6 8aw her and said: " Ah T wish I had been a coolie Dole !" inj cot up for firewood, wf frA? toj T. y®0" aft", i«d,55 heMd boasting gomK on wind W wonld Oton bfil to story ot beretroog, One or two hundred vfe&nl; ... «. , , fashioned nurses were not oontenhwithLi? teles like " Cinderella" and the lbuUwJ was a whole range of literature liS' the " lite of Lord Lovell," aud the "Beta the Woods," aud 44 Mary Ambrea»» 44 Wlteh Mother," and the like. TV t " hiklren have tales like the«e andf for, like most heathen nations, th. - are full of ghosts and demons. Twi - an operation of nature or a ample act J life which has not an aseociatioa of uueannv ghost or apparition. T>1 everywhere. They not only the dark, or haunted boused 1,1 gloomy woods. Every quality '6lllr hunger, pride, malioe, revenge every n V8 phenomenon has its embodied foim ,J! around for victims. Pawling Every man has his own peculiar »k«.» « follows him everywhere. Where w« 5ieJte sewer-gas the Japanese beholds a sli ml satiable wraith, seeking to devour the liv men. Where we Bee only a snow-itorm behold a snow ghost, a queer, erianimrniH under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has ons pesulisrity-t ia net an intangible shadow or a phanwT 8 which you cannot lay hands, but it is a vJfiJ511 It will counterfeit mortality to ewi?4 that it handles tools, and swords and tly bladed daggers just as effectively a ; henee it m a more dangerous thing to ' Japanese ghost than one of those nervwf Whatever shows itself to be a power in naw is invested with a spiritoal existence ThT etorm does not oome of itself, but there is storm fiend that drives it— a malevoknf malicious, destructive, hateful being. ' One of the J apanese ghosts is a iuditioiw highly proper one. It belougs to wells Sd bodies of water : it has horrid arms sad clawJ to pull little children m with, and a ffhaaHy face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the months of wells and cisterns when be think of an awful water-sprite which is waiting to drag him down. 6 Oue of the cheerful ideas common to humanitr is that of the vampire— that is, the spirit of the dead entering into a departed b- dy nud keet iiw it from decay by feeding upon the bodies of the other dead, or upon such living men or women as by their wickedness have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed Bpiriu Children are especially liable to their attacki and there is nothing the vampire likes »o muci as the tender meat of little children; beuce Japanese children will not keep late bonis or go near a place of burial lest, a vampire should seize upon them and suck out their life-blood and feed upon their tender fireb. As the ordinary food of the vampire is the body of (be dead, and the tid-bite from living beings only come as occasional feasts, ilu; vara, pire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way into the grave. 