Vernon's Destiny. CHAPTER XV. . And so it provod. : Roarl's blue oyos. ' just tuvnod one glnnco ; at . Mog, .. and , , slio undorstood. 'Is it oil ovor? ' . 'Tos.' ' Thank Hoavon ! ' " Don't ory,' as sho, saw tlio tears stoal down' J.ady Maude's clioolc, ' she is bottor off. ' Just think what hor life would liavo boon with mo ! I lovod Lor, and by more force of lovo . I ;miglit hnvo savod hor from lior father, but tliat one offort would havo taken all my strength. Lovo wouldn't havo warmod and fed lior, lovo wouldn't havo given hor a hundred things that littlo ohiklron nood. If slio grow to womanhood lovo wouldn't havo sparod lior tho linger .. of scorn, bcoauso seem ingly slio had no fathor, hor mother no husband ! Ah ! my littlo on o, you nro hotter off. l'hey won't taunt yon with boing namoloss in Hoavon ! ' . But though she rejoiced for tho child's sake sho mourned for hor own. Prom that moment hor recovory: Boomod to bo rotnrdod. Sho had no . nppotito, and tlioy very ofton sur prised lior in tears. .i Lady Maude would not leave hor, and although they ' bad now boon uway: a fortnight, . and it was roally nooossary to go to Fir Cottage, and soo what lettors and mossages had arrivod, sho was forcod to entrust tho orrnnil to Mog. ' Say nothing moro than you can liolp, my denr ; but if tho worst carno to tho worst I think you might trust Lona. Noil, doar' old follow is too impotuous to mnko a safe confidant, . but his wifo has a man's bond nnd a woman's lioart — raro nnd most happy combination!' Mog was quito willing to go — that is, slio much proferred herself under taking tho oxpodition to lotting Lady Maudo toar liorself away from tho invalid; but, truth to say, sho folt nti'imgoly anxious about tho result of lior visit. Slio hail no foars of Lena's quostious; sho thoroughly liked hor sistor-in-lnw, and had for hor a- very . . ronl rospoct. . Noil's curiosity, if ho lind nny, sho could silence. Meg always had boon able to manage hor brotlior judiciously. , Tho sorvants at Fir Cottage woro .not likoly to dare 'to question their i lady's proceedings, howovor occontrio. : And yot, m spito of nil this, Mog was unoasy. For hor own part, sho would hnvo lot tho most important lettors in tho world, wait rather than go to Chnrtoris in quost of thom. But tho mail had come in from Ceylon, and Lady Maudo was anxious for news of old Mends. Mog drovo to Fir Cottago, and found quite a pilo of letters. Tho sorvants wore delighted to soo hor, and inado much of hor in respectful fashion. It was only whon sho liad discussod hor Into dinner that sho thought of going ovor to tho Rosory. 'I suppose Mrs. Ohartoris has boon hero. to ask for nows of us, "White?' sho said to tho pleasant-facod house maid. ' That sho has, miss, lots of times. Sho eamo to bring you tho news that :Hiy lord and tho family had got safo to Brussols, find sho soomod strangely . put out that I couldn't toll rightly .whon you woro oxpeoted homo, or givo lior your full address. Mrs. Chnrtoris is not looking woll, ma'am. I told her so yesterday, but sho said sho liad a lioadncJiT) with tho boat.' ' Havo you any'idoa if I shall find \ hor at homo to-day, White?' vYou'ro protty ' -sure to, ma'am. Sho said it was' so hot yesterday sho shouldn't go out any more till tho cool of tho ovoning. It made mo quito sorry to soo her yesterday — sho was so palo nnd tirod.' It was not lilts Lona to bo either, .aud Mog folt puzzlod ; but slio put on hor- shady liat and wnllcod down tlio k village Btroot to tho Rosory without \- . fooling any very pressing auxioty oh tho matter. As sho reached tbo gate a very liandsomo man was passing through it. Mog turned to tako a second look at liim — for strangors woro raro onough — aud sho folt quito suro sho bad novor soon him bofore. Tho closer survoy told her nothing, oxcopt . that ho was drossod in tho height of fashion, arid had an expression sho .did not like. -.'Mrs. Chnrtoris is in hor own sitting-room,' said ' the . servant who opened tho ' door. ' Will you go to -hoi'thoro, miss?' But whon Meg openod tho familiar door, and1 wont into tho doar old' room, tho Lena who camo to moot hor . and throw liorself into hor arms gnvo , hor a shock. Tho young wifo's oyos woro rod with weeping, and sho .. looked just tho ghost of tho bright . . young sister-in-law Mog had loft only 0 fortnight boforo. ' Oh, Lit, my darling ! 'What is .- . tho matter? is Noil ill — what has happened?' 'Mog, I am in awful trouble. I havo boon to Fir Cottago ovor and ovor again to ask wlion you woro coming baolt; but thoy could never fell ino, nnd I hnvo gono nearly out of my mind with worry and suspense.' "' My doar Lonn ! but what has linpponod ? I' loft you tho picture of happinoss, and I find you ' , ' Miserable ! ' snid Lit, supplying a word whon Meg pnusod ; ' but I'vo got you back now. aud I don't mind, for you will holp me.' Saying which young Mrs. Ohartoris boltod tho door, closed and locked tbo French windows, drew down tlio blinds, anil wlion sho lind . . ooraplotod those precautions, which' filled Mog with undofinod alarm, onrad back, sat down at hor sister's foot, and with hor hoad in Mpg's lap oried like a child. ' My doar, doar Lit, my doar girl, what is it ? You aro frightening mo terribly 1 ' 'It's — Neil! ' . ' Jy doar! Do you moan that ho is ill? Surolyyou can't have quarrollod?' 'He's tlio pioturo of health,' con fessed Lit, tearfully, 'and wo havo novor lind a quarrel yot ; but ho is be ing ruinod, and it's nil my fault — ovory bit.' Poor Miss Ohartoris folt amnzod. That Something very dreadful must havo happened she feared from Lit's faoo ; but if lior brother was woll and on harmonious torms with his young wife, sho roally could not imngino in what tlio troublo consisted. ' Do try and toll mo what you moan? I am getting terrified, Lit; besides, Noil may cotno home, nnd then we shall havo no opportunity for private conversation at all ! ' Sho was on tho right track. Lena cnlmod horsolf by an, offort, and nskod,— '1 ' llnvo tho sorvants told you about tho Hall ? ' 'Not a word. Is thero anything to toll ? ' ' Tho Donzils havo arrived. ' Mog started. ' Is it possible ? ' ' It is cortain. They oamo two days after you left, but 110 , one has soon her!' ' Do you tn9an ho koops lior shut up ? ' ' Sho lias brought' a vinegar- faced maid called Oatt, with her, who won't lot anyone soo hor. They loft tho train nt Gloucester and drove on. Someone told Noil she was carried up stairs just a bundle of shawls.' ' And she but twonty ! Poor, poor -young thing ! ' ' No one hns soon her but Catt ; not ono of the servants is allowed to enter tlio room. Though Noil is a doctor ho lias not boon called in to prescribe for hor; though I am lior own cousin's wifo, wlion Lloft my card I was ro- fusod admittance ! ' ' This is had enough ; but, my dear Lit, it is no reason you should say Noil is ruinod.' ' You haven't hoard all.' . ' Go on, then.' 'Eoginald Donzil has boon bore, and — taken in Noil.' ' My dear Lit, do speak plainly.' ' I mean that I know -ho was a olovor man who would stick at no thing. I know ho was wicked and unscrupulous, but that his manner usually impressod strangers favour ably; still I novor thought, I never dreamed, ho could tako in Noil.' ' But has ho ? Noil used to ho moro bitter against him than all of us, and used to say ho was unfit to outer a room whore honost pooplo sat.' ' And ho brings him hero, invites him to dinnor with us, to dinner — I monn to breakfast — tea, and supper. Tho man literally haunts the house ! ' ' But how haB ho managed it ? I am suro Noil used to dislike him enough.' ' Ho mot him out aud introduced himself ; ho apologizod for tho soant courtosy shown your father, but ho said it was entirely his wifo's doing ; ho told Noil Mrs, Dorizil so bitterly rosontod tho slights shown hor mother that sho would never willingly spoak civilly to a Ohartoris ; ho said it was hor caprico to come horo, although ho represented to hor it was almost an in sult to tho family to como among thom and not visit thom. Sho is suffering from a sprained foot, which I suppose oxplnius lior boing carried upstairs aud hooping bor own rooms. Mog, Mr. Donzil was so olovor, ho drossod up his consummate skill, that if I didn't kuow his truo charactor I must havo boon tnlcon in ! ' 'Aud Noil?' 'Noil boliovos Eox Donzil to bo a careless, good- naturod follow, no ono's onomy but his own, much maligned and greatly to bo pitiod. Ho hns ndoptod him completely as a cousin, but is so inconsod against his wifo that ho will not hear hor namo montioned.' ' It sounds inorediblo ! ' ' It's truo ! Noil is too good ! Ho boliovos in- pooplo too roadily. Actu ally, Mog, ho accused mo of an unoharitnblo spirit bocnuso I cannot bo friondly to Sir. Donzil ! Ho said tho poor follow had sufforod onough at tlio hands of his kinswoman and mino ! I grant Isoln troatod .him badly, but I fool protty suro Noll has not, Mog ! I enn't boliovo tho story lltntr trill rrtft at lint ittltinK Tnrk I repeats so glibly, and my poor Noil wns tnkon in so simply. I boliovo that Noll Ohartoris — to call hor by lior old name — is shut up undor tho guardianship of that woman, nnd that hor husband, persecutes her. So far from not boing willing to soo us I boliovo lio koops lior away from any living crenturo who could pity or chorish lior ; nnd, Mog, I don't moan to sit by and soo it 1 ' ' But — my doar 1 ' said Mog, who was of tho long-suffering rathor than dofonsivo ordor of womon, ' how will yon provont it ? ' ' I don't enro 1 I won't hnvo my husband mado to 6eom as bad as Itoginald Donzil. Donzil's very namo is a byword for scorn. I won't havo Neil's tho samo 1 Ho is so good and oasy-going. Ho will bo mado a tool -of completely if I let him 1 ' ' Ho would novor assist Mr. Donzil in any design against his wife! ' ' Ho is assisting him now 1 ' 'How?' 'By his countouanco. Sinco ho was rocoivod here, ovory houso in the neighbourhood is open to him, and ovorywhore he tolls tho, same tale. Oh 1 I enn soo it all. Ho is trying to worm himself into respectability, and take bis place as a county gentleman. Thon be will oitlior havo that poor thing shut up hero, or Bond her to somo olioap plnoo whore sho can he boardod out while ho enjoys her money!' ' Lit, this is horrible ! ' ' I am suro it is truo ! ' 'You aro so imaginative! ' You writo novels till you are always on the watch for romances in real lif o ! ' Lit turnod to her pitoouBly. ' Don't you boliovo me, Nog ? ' 'I think you boliovo ovory word you bavo told mo, doar ? ' ' And don't you? , Oh Mog, you aro my only hope. If you don't help me I shall havo to givo up in despair' and let things go. Perhaps when the treatmout of Noll OharteriB is public property, and my Noil's namo is branded with infamy, you will be sorry you refused to help me ! ' ' My dear ! ' snid Meg, soothingly, ' I novor refused to help you. I only aslced what you wanted mo to do ! ' ' I want you to see Nell ! ' ' But she has refused to see yon Sho has troatod you with insolonoo ! ' ' Thoy say sho hns! Meg, do you, remember Guy Yornon, who was in, the accident with mo ? Do you know you called him tho model of a perfect English gentleman. Well, your cousin Helen was his ideal of woman hood. Don't ask mo how I know it. I do know it now. Say — could tho girl Guy Vornon loved be tho low, revenge ful creature sho is represented? ' ' No ! — but — — ' Loavo out tho but, Meg ! Toll me in ono word — will you holp mo ? ' 'Yos! but it is against my judg ment ! ' > ' Novor mind your judgment ! ' 'And what is your first step, Lona. I suppose you have mado some plan of notion ? ' 'I have!' ' And the first stop ?' . ' Don't laugh at me, Meg! "It is too solemn. I moan to get into; Ohartoris Hall ! ' chapter xyi. Miss Ohartoris, although endowed with most of the virtues incidental to womon, had not escaped a failing peculiar, I think, to those good, do- mosticated creatures .who oxcel as houso wives and nurses. Sho had no sympathy whatever with literary tnsto. Muoh as she was talron by Lena, kindly as sho hndrecoivod hor brother's wife, Mrs. Ohartoris had in hor oyos ono groat defect. Sho had written stories. Nay, moro, sho wrote thom still ! No humaa being, savo oursolves, knows what we who writo what is called fiction — who givo, as it wore, the beBt croations of our brains for others' amusement — have to suffer from our sister womon. It sooms to mo tho wives . who havo no greater prido than to spend their husband's money woll, and ordor his household discreetly, might sparo a littlo of the venom thoy pour upon their hoads. After all; it suroly is almost as praiseworthy to share tho burden of existonoe by earning money, as simply to make another porson's earnings go as far as possible; nnd yot I firmly boliovo there novor wns a woman yot who .wrote for monoy, but what other womon lovod to pick holes in her do mestic arrangements, specially tho women of hor husband's family, who, if anything, Bhould havo boon grate ful to bor for relieving John, James, or Joseph of so much extra expense. It is a wrong littlo spokon of, but to my mind it is a crushing ono. I bo liovo I am as domesticntod as ninoty- nino womon out of a hundred, yot becauso I do not possess tho extra ordinary genius for tho kitchen exhibited by tho hundredth, I havo had tho heads of many amiable ma trons sbakon at me, and it has all been laid with a doprociating sniff — I hato sniffs — to my luckless writing. Woll, Mog Ohartoris possessed in a modornto degreo this objectionable quality of sniffing. I am sorry for it, sinco sho was a good, truo-hoartod girl, and admirable in most conditions of lifo. Yot whon hor sister-in-law calmy suggested hor intention of ' get ting into ' Ohartoris Hall, Mog could not holp rolioving hor foolings by a prodigious sniff, und the remark, — ' Tuis comos of novel writing.' ' No, it doesn't,' said Lit, speaking quite gontly, though sho uttered a flat contradiction. ' I think it comes of sympathy.' ' Sympathy ! For whom ? ' ' Holon Ohartoris.' ' Mrs. Donzil ! ' ,'Yos. I can't make you believe mo, Meg, but I think you know me woll enough to fool I wouldn't speak in my own mind.' ' But, my doar Lit, I don't know yot what it is you do fool suro of.' 'That thoro it some cruel wrong boing wrought at Ohartoris Hall. That — perhaps somo, I am not positive — our cousin, yours and mino, Mog, re member, is shut up thoro a prisoner.' ' My doar Lit, your imagination runs away with you ; it does, indeed.' For answer young Mrs. Ohartoris roso, drow up ono of tho bliiids, and plncod liorself so that tho sunlight foil full upon hor face. ' Do you soo no change in mo sinco you wont away, Meg ? ' Mog was nonplussod; sho had to confess that Lona was nothing but a shadow of the bright, joyous young bride she had left. ' Woll, imagination has not workod the cliango. I. toll you, Meg, I am haunted day and night by the idoa of Noil boing taken in by that man, and becoming, unknown to himself, his: accomplice.' ' But to broak into a houso. Lit, can't you doviso some loss hazardous plan?' ' No, I can't,' roturnod Lit, fiercely. ' I soo no danger in it.' ' But if wo aro found out ? ' 'If Mr. Donzil or his omissaries discover us I shall any I am en deavouring to overcome my cousin's reluctance to make our acquaintance. As he frequently regrets his wifo's unsociability ho can't say anything.' ' And if sho objocts to . your presence ? ' ' She won't.' ' But if she does ? ' ' I shall toll her that some months ago I promised Sir Guy Yornon to bo her friond ; that I fool sure my sister wrongod hor cruelly, and therefore i long to do something for her in at- tonemont.' ' You havo my promise, Lit, to go . with you ; but I don't like the scheme.' ' It can have no danger. I do bo liovo, Meg, you think people will tako us up for housebreakers. I'm sure Mr. Donzil comes to my- houso often enough without invitation ; why shouldn't I go to his ? ' ' Only tell mo what you want of mo?' ' In the firstplace invito mo to spend, the evening with yeu ! ' ' Willingly ; but won't Neil think it odd I don't ask him too ? ' ' He must stay here to entertain Mr. Donzil. It would not be correot for a Btranger to go toFirCottago whiloLady Maude is away ; so you oan't be ox peoted to inolude your unknown cousin in the invitation. I shall somo back with you about six, and Neil , must fotch me when Mr. Denzil takes his leave ; they can walk together as far as tho Park gates ; that will ensure our knowing exactly how long wo may count on Mr. Donzil's absence.' ' Lit, I wish you would tell mo ; supposing you find things as yon say, what do you mean to do ? ' 'To do !' ' If Helen ' Ohartoris is roally un- happy.and ill-treated, how do you moan to remedy her wrongs ? ' . ' I should bring her here,' returned Lit, calmly, and telegraph for your father.' ' Don't you want to know what has kept us so long away, Lit ? ' hazarded Meg, forgetting sho was introducing the very subject Lady Maude had ad vised her to avoid. 'No,' said Lit languidly, 'thoy told mo at the cottago aunt had gone off to moot some old frionds from Ayton. I suppose she found thom more interest ing than sho expootod, and cannot tear herself away. I was at my wit's end whon they could not toll me when you wore oxpocted, but now I don't mind.' ' I shall havo to go back to-morrow to London.' ' To London ? ' asked Lit, listlessly. ' Can't Lady Maude spare you a few days?' 1 Sho is not in. London, hut staying with a friond near Glo'stor" (it seemed to Mog sho might speak of the un happy Pearl as a friend of Lady Maudo). ' I think sho will be de tained thoro quite nnothor fortnight.' ' Ah ! And, Meg, what did you do with the poor girl in tho Park I brought to you ? ' Tho very question Meg had feared. ' Wo did our best for hor, dear. Aunt Maudo gave her food and money.' ' And did sho toll you hor story ? ' ' Only enough for us to guess sho had had heavy troubles.' 'Aud you lost sight of her I sup pose ? Meg, I would have liked to help hor.' ' She was helped, Lit. Aunty found hor somo nice lodgings, and saw that sho was made quite comfortable.' ' I should like to have seen her again ! ' ' You have Neil to think of,' said Mog, gaily. 'I don't think Lit, he would have liked you to soo muoh of that poor waif. Ho is so very careful of you.' ' And yot he lots mo see Eoginald Donzil.' _ ' That is different. Lena, I do bo liovo that is Noil's step. You must explain things to him, I cannot.' Miss Cbartoris found when the young doctor came in thoro was no trace of estrangement betwoon him and his wife; thoy might differ in thoir opinions of Mr. Donzil, but in all olso thoro was tho most perfect union between thom. f'To be continued. J 