IN SESSION. Iu the Lcgi.slativo Council je3terd:i7, after tho Leprosy Bill had passed through all its atagos aud tho Joadja Creek Railway Transfer Dili had been referred to a select committee, tho House weut into committee ou the Probate Riil. There were tlieu only 15 members pro- scut, of whom nine svero lawyers. Sir William Manning, ex- Justice Faucett, Messrs. Norton, Trickctt, Tigott, R. 15. Smith and O'Connor took part m the discussion, and several verbal amendments were made in the bill. The com mittee managed to get as far 11s clause 12, when progress was reported and the further discussion of the bill adjourned until to-day. Some small legal interest was aroused through r, letter ou the matter of probaie which was read by tho Attorney-General from Ml". Justice Maiming. Tho Assembly boll rang at balf.past 12, nnd in responso to the summons over a hundred mouthers entered the Chamber, in order to pro ceed with tile important business of electing a new Speaker. The chair was vacant, and the clerk read a letter from Mr. Young, tendering his resignation. Kir Houry Parkes thereupon announced that ho had received a communica tion from tho Governor, giving tho House the necessary permission to elect a Speaker, and following upon this Mr. Copeland proposed Mr. J. P. Abbott, expressing the conviction that he would lilt the Chair with dignity and credit to himself, and to the House. Mr. Black thought so, too, and said as much and a little more iu seconding the motion. There wan 110 opposition, nnd Mr. Abbott was there, upon escorted to tho dais aud enthroned. In returning thanks he said that he would carry out the duties of the office im partially and lie hoped courteously. f'lri motto would bo "fairness, firmness, fearlessness." The Premier was the lirst to address the newly-elevated iion. member as " Mr. Speaker," aud in congratulating him upon his appoint, metit took occasion to glance back over the roll of Speakers of Now South Wnles, an interesting historical sketch being the result. The list of Speakers commenced with Sir Daniel Cooper, who, Sir Ilenry maintained, had a particularly arduous term owing in great measure to the newness or his office. Sir Terence Aubrey .Murray followed, and then came the gentleman who now presides over tho Legislative Council (Sir John May), Mr. William Manning Arnold, Sir George Wigram Allan, Mr. Fdmund Barton and Mr. J. II. Young. "If England is proud of her graud roll of Speakers of the llouso of Commons," said the Premier, "we have no reason to be less proud of ours. I have witnessed the election of all of these ; I have now seen your election and I very probably sbal' not see another, hut I feel that we havo placed a good niou in the chair." Mr. Dibbs said a few words of congratula tion, hoping that Mr. Abbott would fill the position with honor to himself and service to the country, aud then the husiuess terminated Just as the adjournment was about to be moved Mr. Lakemau rose with some indiguation and a book, It was apparent that lie was annoyed aud the cause was quickly made apparout. He wanted to know what the Governor meaat by " giving permission" to the House to elect its Speaker. He was about to take exception to this seemingly objectionable condescension on the part of his Excellency, when tho Premier sat him down with the assurance tlint the formality had been the practice in the English Parliament for 200 years. Tho Speaker coil- firmed the statement that it was the usual form and Mr. Lukoman subsided within himself followed by an injunction hurled at him from the right that he shook! "stick to his rabbits," and refrain from meddling with matters beyond his comprehension. It was five minutes to 1 when the Houso adjourned until 4 o'clock. At that hour members re-assembled aud proceeded with the Speaker to Government Hou.e for tho presentation ceremony. This having been per formed they returned and business was got on with at the usual hour. Questions having b«cn disposed of without providing any matter of general interest, several more or less important motions were given notico of. The first was by Mr. Crick, to the effect that the Railway Commissioners' regula tion ill regard to granting free passes iu order to cucourage a certain class of settlement ou particular sccttous of tho railways was improper aud unfair and should utoucc be rescinded. Tho second was by Sir Ilenry Parkes and forecast tlic intention of the Government to complete the Sydney Hospital buildings. Tho intimation was received with a cheer. The third and most remarkable was read by Mr. Alex. Brown in a loud voice, intended to mark its importance. The motion asserts that the salaries and emoluments of office aro insufficient and proposes increases which should havo the effect of udding zest to tlio struggle for the Treasury benches. The Premier's salary, it is suggested, should he increased from £2000 to £3500 ; that ot several other Ministers from £1500 to £2500, and the remainder from £1500 to £2000 ; tho Agent- General to get £5000 in order to keep up a posi tion calculated to reflect honor on the colony. " Will you consent to an amendment?" asked the Prumier. "Yes," said Mr. Brown, "I will." " Will you give me my arrears, then ?" queried Sir Henry joculariy, aud tile membor for New castle at ouce admitted that the hon. member at tlic head of tun Goveruuieat was entitled fo his arrears aud the House laughingly agreed with liira. If Sir Henry l'nrkes received liis arrears in accordance with the difference in his salary now suggested it would amount to a nico little tiost egg of something over £20,000, for ho has had 11 or 12 years of office as Premier and Colonial Secretary combined, nud in addition two or three years as Colonial Secretary alone. When the House went into Committee of Ways and Means, Mr. Burns rose to continue the debate ou tho financial statement, and being an ox-treasurer it was necessary in order to show that he was thoroughly up in the whole business that I10 should criticise the accounts. He did so, and to the uiieoutrollnble delight of the Opposition played off the old wheeze 10 reference to tho Centennial Parle villa sites. He took exception to iho Treasurer including these saleable sites in his statement of revenue, quite ignoring Mr. MbMillau's ex planation in connection therewith. Ho thought the Treasurer ought just as well include iu his accounts tho balance due from conditional purchases. Rut, although Mr. Burns deemed it necessnrv to dispiny his knowledge of figures nt, presumably, tlic expense of tbo Miuistcr in charge of tho finances, ho saw nothing to criticise in the action of the Govern ment ill postponing the fulfilment of their pro. miscH. The delay wns in his opinion justifiable under the circumstances, for it was most undesirable to appeal to the country just now. Ho quite understood why tlic Opposition wanted to go to the country ; thoy contemplated making capital out of the strike business. This notion was deluged with tho ridicule of Mr. O'Kullivan, who loudly repealed tho cry that the Government wern afraid to trust tho working man, whereas tho Opposition wore eager to take lilui by the hiind and lead him to the smooth path of prosperity, which could ouly bo reached under their special pilotage. 1-le contended that the " bread nnd batter rebellion" should not stand in the way of all appeal to tile country. Mr. Walker fittingly followed tho member for Quennlioynii and worked iu a lot of copybook headlines in illustration of his argument thai wrongdoers (llie Ministry) would coine a cropper in tho ond, and thnt tho righteous and persevering (tho Opposition) would eventually scramble out 011 top. Mr. JJlbba thought n good deal of Mr. ex- Treasurer Burns and was of opinion that there was nothing clearer than bin criticism 01" Mr, M'Millan's accounts. The leader of the Oppo- sition quite agreed that tho Centennial Park item should have had uo place iu tho statement of revenue ami then proceeded to fix up a financial statement for next year. Owing to the circumstance, as ho alleged, of tho Treasurer improperly taking credit for certain sums and for other reasons there would lie no surplus in 1391 — 110 matter who was in office, but a deficit of £51)0,000. As n matter of fact, I10 said, there was at tho pre sent time bnt a bogus surplus and really an enormous deficit. The Treasurer replied to liis critics and went back over tim old ground in order to show where tho statement had been distorted. Ho pointed out that had ho sold the Centennial Park villa sites this year nnd cleared off the £200,000 standing against that account nothing would have been said, but because he chose to retain the laud for a more favorable time of sale, when largolv increased prices would bo ob tainable, they took exception to his crediting himself with the moderately estimated value of it. He also dealt with the several statements of Mr. Dilihs, and spoke nt length in defence of the different items criticised and showed thnt his estimate of revenue for the coming year was made 011 a very moderate basis. He expressed regret, that the leader of tho Opposition should so persistently nnd unwarrantably endeavor to discredit the colony. Mr. Alexander Brown faxed the Government with taking the advice of their "Kitchen Cabinet," the press, in respect to delaying their financial proposals. 'Their action was inexcusable ; lie considered it would have been a fairer course Imd they prorogued for a few months nnd then carried out their pledges. Mr. Garland twitted the Opposition with n desire to travel to power on some side issue now that thoy know protection was dead. Mr. Slattery thought it was high time that tho Government quitted office ; there was every reason why tliey should go and none at all why they should stay. He saw nothing in Mr. Garland's suggestion. Mr. Toecc having told tho protectionists that they were afraid to nominate a candidate for West Sydney, as they knew there was not a ghost of a -how ot his being returned, Mr. O'Snllivan took a second turn and clamored for a dissolution at all hazards. Mr. Tonkin and Mr. Crick continued the debate. Shortly after lithe Speaker returned to the chair, and the House adjourned at 11.38. 