The Spectre's Shameful Conduct- b armer (Joombes tola us ot a very, curious affair that took place at an old mill once kept by his brother-in-law. It appeared that, years ago, a wicked miser had Jived in this mill, and had died, leaving all his money, so it was rumoured, hidden somewhereabout the place. Naturally, everyone who had since come to the mill had tried to find the treasure but no on«ha& ever succeeded. Mr. Coombes's brother-in-law had not troubled himself much about the matter, thinking the whole story just as likely as not to be somj village gossip ; but, of course, there was the possi bility of its being .true : and when, one moonlight night, Mr. Coombes's brother-in- law, woke up and saw the shadowy figure of a wizened little old man in knee breeches and a pigtail standing at the foot of the bed, he not unreasonably jumped to the conclusion :that it was the ghost of the miserly miller come to tell him where the gold lay Md. So, on THE APPAIUIIOX moving towards the door, Mr. Coombes's brother- in-law put on his trousers and fol- ! lowed it. The ghost went downstairs into the kitchen, glided over and stood in front of the hearth, sighed, and disappeared. Next morning Coombes'sbrother-inlawhada couple of bricklayers in, and made them haul out the stove and pull down the chimney, while he stood behind with a bag in which to put the money. They knocked down the wall and never found so much as a foornennv bit. Coombes's brother-in-law did not know what to think. The next night the apparition ap peared again, and again led the way into the kitchen. TJiis time, however, instead of go ing to the fireplace, it stood more in the mid dle of the room, and sighed there. ' Oh, I see what he means now,' said Coombes's brother-in-law to himself ; ' it's under the floor. What did THE OLD POOL want to go and stand up aganist the hearth for, and make me think it was in the chimney? So they spent the next day in taking up the kitchen floor ; but the only thing they found -was a three prongedfork, aud the handle of that was broken. On the third night the ghost reappeared, quite unabashed, and for a third time made for the kitchen. Arrived there, the phantom looked up at the ceiling and vanished. 'TJmph! he don't seem to to have learned much sense where's -he's been to,' muttered Coombes's relative as he trotted hack to bed; 'I should have thought he might have done that at first.' Still, there was no doubt where the treasure lay ; and. the first thing after breakfast, they started pulling down the ceiling. They got every inch of the ceiling down, and they took up the boards in the room above. They discovered about as much treasure as one would expect to find in an empty quart pot. NIGHT AFTEE NIGHT did the spectral old fraud appear to poor Coombes's brother-in-law, and lure him into looking for the hidden wealth in a different place each day. At the end of three weeks there was not a room in the mill fit to live m. Every wall had been half pulled down, every floor had been taken up, every ceiling had had a hole knocked in it. And then, as sud denly as they had begun, the ghosfs visits ceased, and Coombes's brother-in-law was left in peace to rebuild the place at his leisure. To give any reason for " THE SPEC TEE'S SHAMEFUL CONDHCr, Mr. Coombes professed himself unable. Some thought that the ghost of the wicked old miser had been having a joke, while others held the apparition to he that of some deceased local plumber and glazier, who would nat urally take an interest in seeing a house knocked about and spoilt. But no- body knew anything for certain. — Jerome Z, Jerome, in Tinslefs Magazine. 